good morning guys welcome to 75 degrees
today
hey just I am on a plane very exciting
thing you guys know I smile off I don't
often yes travel with this one
oh hi so this morning my mom and I are
often you I only just met me what I
taught you guys when I was leaving I am
coming back a few days I'm not going to
tell you why but we are going to kneel
with Armani and travel reject if I
succeed but yes early Tuesday morning
I feel really really beautiful may as
well it was raining all day yesterday so
some doubt today ready to take off are
you going to watch Bridget Jones's baby
on the flight mum asked the question you
need to see it you haven't seen it yet
look what was waiting at my seat as well
guys how exciting
a little red bag and actually have all
of my travel be held in Harrah's our
fans say hey morning so we've arrived in
New York and we've checked into my hotel
I've actually just unpacked and done a
little bit of work but I wanted to show
you my room because it's so beautiful
we're staying at the Crosby tree hotel
which I've never stayed at before but
I've always kind of admired it on the
internet and through other people kind
of staying here and stuff but look how
awesome this is so actually really
really similar to the hammy art hotel in
London which is one of my faves my view
you can see some pretty buildings and
then the window is like massive as well
and have these like cushions on the
window I'm very much for people it's
just people watching outside the window
there and then I have my luggage which I
actually unpacked it's like I'm so
organized on the trip that is my room
has the bed I have some amazing treats
from Armani which I've been very spoiled
most of these I haven't tried before
either which is super exciting and I
have the sea fragrant and a mini tiny
one look at that guy so cute we're
actually here for a new sea fragrance
launch which you guys will see probably
in tomorrow's vlog but that's why we're
here and then obviously this is a little
purse they gave me on the plane with all
of my documents and stuff in it so so
exciting yeah very spoiled that this is
my like that's my table I've made a real
mess here and like unpacked all of my
stuff on my little desk and then I have
these two chairs which I'm slightly
obsessed with and really love them and
like black and white houndstooth then I
have this little handbag table basically
I've unpacked my bags that I brought and
put them on here because I'm going to be
using them but yeah I have my Gucci one
mighty meaty one and I feel like you
guys are going to see this because I'm
basically wearing it my everyday
but this is the bag like what investor
the other day it sat on the wrong
factors you're in suede which I'm
obsessed with and then here we have a
minibar which looks really lightful it's
actually like a really good minibar you
know when they have really good snacks
and you're like yes I might be hitting
that later when I have jet lag and I'm
hungry and then here is the Wardrobe
which may have just slightly over packed
for the three nights and we're here
maybe just a little bit I'm so obsessed
with this wardrobe so nice it's like to
know how I would what my perfect
wardrobe by hand to look like it is so
much messier than this it looks nothing
like that and then I thought I'd do a
quick outfit of the day whilst I'm here
maybe this will be better lighting is
penalizing I'm wearing my giant Zara
scarf which is like the coziest thing
ever for traveling in that I have my Maj
struggied cardigan which has these likes
cousin pockets on it and I have on Zara
black jeans and my chiffon she studied
crazy snakeskin black and white boots
that is my outfit for today and this is
the bathroom which is gorgeous gray I
feel like not marble then like granite
some kind of gray stone anyway so so
nice I cannot wait to get in that shower
it looks amazing and yes that is my room
and my mom is like next door another
thing I'm loving about this hotel guys
all the stuff on the walls is dog
related case in point number one so cute
now this one is my fave so far but this
one is also good
so many dogs then we may have fallen
into Bloomingdale's guide I have had my
eye on this jacket online for the past
like month they've only got an extra
small look how awesome it is it's so
cool I love it so many stars in Sondra
their season guys danger zone stopping
for a cheeky little espresso martini
with this particular one King so I've
just got changed quite quickly I've also
given my hair and makeup a little bit of
a reject basically just added some
texture spray kind of give it a bit of
texture obviously added a little bit of
eyeliner bit of the L'Oreal cream
bronzer and then a little bit of Mac's
warm soul blush and then hourglass
lipstick in new activist and you won the
girl one anyway so that's what I've done
for my say it's not a huge amount which
is kind of like added a little bit and
then my outfit my dress is from Topshop
which was in my most recent haul this is
like that oversized blazer dress in like
neon pink with the silk on the bottom
and they're like kind of crepe material
on the top so that's what this looks
like
I really like it's actually really
comfortable as well and then I have on
an a saw like little cami underneath it
which is actually meant to be part of a
like pajama like lingerie set but
actually like what it's quite well
underneath because it kind of raises the
neckline a little bit this is actually
higher than I wanted it to be but if you
just wear a bra under this it's
basically like your boobs are hanging
out so that was the best thing I could
think of doing and then I also have on
type who was actually really cold
outside and might want lay essential
sweets which you guys have seen a lot in
the past week and then my fad is from
Gucci it's actually matches exclusive
I'll put a link to it below so you guys
to check it out if you're interested I'm
obsessed I'm just obsessed with it but
yeah all pink
super girly Barbie outfit of the evening
I'm actually really really hungry as
well now I feel like
held out from eating for the past couple
of hours because you know when you start
getting hungry with jet lag my mom is at
the school with my mom it's not like
laughing with hello I was just doing a
little outfit for you I show me what
you're wearing
yeah you look really nice
step into the light Stefan's too late
come here old trousers
I love these trousers mum wear these all
the time but they're really cool I like
the ex trousers g ox boots no Gigan
vigor boots wear the trousers from Zara
Zara and then your jacket is Massimo
Dutti
yeah to Moscow to Massimo Dutti jackets
as the leather jacket and then a blazer
like a sleeveless one over the top and
then this bag is actually mine
mum's borrowed it from lava you look
really nice
you ready stop dinner yeah let's do it
so I've just got back to my room and
taking all my makeup off and go in my
PJs I was about to go to sleep I thought
I have not finished my vlog yet so I
mistake goodnight you all here I'll see
you all in the morning I'm looking very
weird and shiny because of what loads
and moisturizer on yep see you guys
tomorrow I hope you all had an amazing
day yeah see you and me -
