hello there and whoopee what whoopee
what a little monster straight away in
for the kitty cat biscuits hooligan well
hello there and welcome to vlog tobert
day 15 it seems to be and flirt is
upstairs working very hard so I've
stolen it whoopee biscuits
she just had a supper as well little
monster well I've stolen water for just
for a second not for the whole day
alright someone's very chatty well I
have just said to the post which I
thought was quite funny got a Chevy
Aston Villa catalog which is basically
oh all kind of clothing and stuff maybe
we should order ladies one for Fleur you
get the tasteful away kit so I'm just
trying to find here which is very subtle
I think she should wear it to the gym
passage is optics tonight what do you
think would you like that with de force
on the back not sure whoopee who he's
been a monster who is behind me Wolfie
what are you doing well someone's got
the ball and someone is expecting to go
outside for a walk so I'm gonna ask her
what the dog cuddle the cat little
granny yes
so apparently mike has already started
vlogging today so you guys have seen his
entry I'm not entirely sure it's talking
about but I think you liked it
apparently involve the animals so I have
been editing all day because we actually
shot quite a lot of videos this is awful
lighting I the ghoulish wrath we
actually filmed quite a lot of videos
like this quite a lot videos when we
were up in Lincolnshire at the weekend
so I've just been editing those here's a
sneaky peek of one of them there's me in
a forest very exciting so I've been
editing those and uploading and editing
and uploading all day so I haven't been
able to vlog or had anything interesting
to vlog about but I am now going to
circuit
I don't actually have my kit on yet
because it's in the tumble dryer because
I forgot I washed it but I forgot to
tumble dry it so I we literally have to
leave like in two minutes so I'm leaving
it in the tumble dryer right until we
actually have to walk out the door and
then I'm gonna put it on and it's
blatantly still going to be wet which is
not gonna be a nice feeling so I'm off
to circuits yeah it's gonna be hard so
it's always hard it's probably like one
of the hardest workouts ever in the
whole world so yeah I'm gonna come back
SuperDuper sweaty so I've just finished
circuits hence I look really really
ghoulish and sweaty right now but it's
such an amazing workout honestly like I
get so tired but actually when I finish
I get just like the actual experience of
doing circus is so bad and makes me feel
physically sick at times that when I
actually finish I get super hyper and
excited
so I've been singing along to Justin
Bieber the whole way home and I've just
got to my mom and dad's house and
everybody is here hello and I believe
they just had fish and chips because
that's all I can smell but me being the
healthy option I've brought my own food
to cook anti-social did you have a nice
fish and chips oh my god it smells so
good in here guys I can't even explain
to you right now look at that the
evidence of fish and chips and yeah I'm
gonna cook my dinner which probably
consists of salad and prawns pretty much
the same thing I had for lunch like soup
and salad but yeah I've got some quinoa
err actually that I might cook and some
nice yoghurt so here is my crazy
concoction of kale and sugar snap peas
and broccoli and chicken and prawns
which probably shouldn't go together and
tomatoes and quinoa do you think I'm
really weird one tasty and now I'm gonna
eat it
that is a naughty dog another naughty
dog the dogs rule in this house she
would I don't know why you want this dog
particularly they need one fish and
chips more we just got home my eyes
really red and I don't know why um it
looks like crazy Red Wolf is eating the
cat biscuits again but I'm here with
little mouse Eve who is the sweetest dog
in the world apart from whiffle actually
she's can you see her she's black
against the black August so she's she's
camouflage and she's such a sweet dog
but Whoopi is such a bad hostess
literally they were both meant to be
coming back in my car but woof wouldn't
let mouse in the car so we had both the
doors open because it's only got two
doors it doesn't have back doors and we
had both the doors open and woof was on
the driver's seat we tried to get mousie
in the passenger side so she could sit
in the back
woof ran over went around and would let
her it and then she would do it to each
side so mouse he had to go with mics and
you Hey
she is such a sweet dog I hope you guys
can see her she's such a pretty little
dog yeah my mom is absolutely besotted
with her as well and she literally loves
her so we have her for the week because
mum is going away for a few days but you
get very upset don't you mousey because
you have to stay in the kitchen on your
own is she gonna come sleep upstairs oh
we've got her a special bed to sleep on
check you out
my eye really is red pointed keener in
my eye but yeah I think I'm gonna hit
the hay now guys I think I may actually
have bath
I know it's 10 o'clock at night but I
just really feel like having a bath I'm
just great great guys totally cray-cray
yeah my eyes actually really saw as well
I don't quite know what's wrong with
maybe I just close it maybe I'll get an
eye patch I cap IRA
what do you guys think would it suit me
who knows I'll see you tomorrow I'm
actually going to London tomorrow to get
my hair done which is quite exciting I
haven't had it done it's weird because I
don't really know what to do with it I
haven't had it done in four months since
before I went to LA and it's like
obviously the roots are quite long you
can see them there but it's almost like
sit in some lights it doesn't look bad
at all like it doesn't really look like
I have that battery it's a tool so I
definitely want to keep it like this
muted color but try and kind of like
tone it into my
natural haircolor even further than I
have been doing the last few months
because I look back on some my older
videos when I was like super dude hello
mercy when I was like super super duper
blond and I just think it looks really
trashy and yeah I look back now and I'm
like oh what was I doing my hair because
I look so glossy right now with like
sweaty hair scrape back no makeup red
eye such a classy girl I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
