hey guys so it's vlog toba day 14 and I
honestly do not know where October is
going it's going so quickly and again
it's like almost dark outside and I
haven't managed to stop my vlog yet
because we've been filming all day we
didn't get the chance to go to the beach
which sucks because I really really
wanted to take with you to the beach but
we've been filming all day I've done a
cool fashion video for my main channel
and a kind of vloggy video for my
wedding channel and me and my sister
just finished doing a tutorial like a
DIY tutorial on how to make these
awesome invitations for the bridal
channel as well and how cute these i
love them i really want them for my
wedding actually and i'm thinking i
might have this kind of style so yeah if
you want to make those that will be up
later this week and yeah i'm sure i
think what else has been going on i have
to transfer all this footage from today
on to my computer which hopefully will
happen for we had to have to head home
we were meant to be stopping to see my
friend Becky as well in Nottingham which
isn't going to happen because again
we've run out of time but we've got some
good filming done which is good because
yesterday was a bit of a fail like it
just didn't I don't know nobody felt
very well and it was all just a bit of a
fail so I'm glad we managed to kind of
pick it back up for today because
otherwise it would have sucked I'm just
going through a dark room here but I
think Hannah is cooking up the tasty
roast because it is sunday Oh Mike's
carving that looks good are you hungry
Mike's been painting again all day
haven't you what happened to your
yesterday's painting actually because it
wasn't going to be good but we managed
to salvage it yeah so all in all
yesterday was a bit of a fail really for
everybody but today has been triumphant
so yeah that was good and spezia are you
hungry speak yeah well some general hey
look see who's this here's that
say hi hi take your NATO out hi hi
everyone oh it's blocked over day 14 can
you say that no no hi again guys another
late night car vlog for you all we're on
our way home from Lincolnshire and we
are missing X Factor and Taylor Swift is
on tonight so I'm not very happy about
it but I just tweeted you guys saying
what's it like she owned yet lochalan
I've had so many tweaks back so thank
you to everybody who tweeted be telling
me when she was on and what she was like
I'm like I stuff we've got we recorded
it on skype last so I'm going to get
back and have my Sunday night ritual
delayed by like three hours so X Factor
on Downton Abbey here we come and I've
got this little monkey on my lap again
mrs. molta she's got a head like jam
down the side of the seat she's such a
strange dog and mike is here driving and
traffic is boring yes so we're home
sweet home that was a long and boring
drive although we did actually do it in
record time through my treat Josh
sharpish someone's working away as
always on Sunday nights Gaga's
antisocial shuttle oh I've got I've got
something to say do you think I've been
painting today painting again and he
still didn't finish this mini quad bike
of spikes it's taking hold your fault
what's this big package you've got by
the way that's not music yeah ah it's a
light bulb I came on friday and i was
really excited about is like all what is
it it's a light bulb so yeah we just got
home and I am catching up on xfactor
Downton Abbey a little bit disappointed
with X Factor even though Taylor Swift
was amazing a shoe horses um I was a bit
disappointed cuz Melanie got kicked out
and I thought she was quite good and
there's a lot of not very good people
this year on X Factor I just really
think x factor is not was good this year
I still watch it because I quite like
the whole thing but yes I'm just
watching Downton Abbey now which is on
so
and Whoopi is here with her favorite toy
and I wanted to show you guys this
because it's so hilarious it's like a
pink fluffy version of herself that says
world thing on it and she carries it
around like a baby like actually is in
love with it and I just think it's
hilarious Mike's sister bought it for
her and she absolutely adores it looks
like a little twin her pink twin but
yeah I was going to mention as well I
started to do or I'm going to be doing a
couple of or one or two sessions on vu a
week because you guys seem to like our
question-and-answer session so much on
youtube I thought it might be quite a
good way to actually be able to answer
more of your questions and yeah it's
really fun as well we did our first
session on Thursday so it was really fun
wasn't like he's putting the light bulb
in there um Mike answer the questions
with me and it was it was actually quite
funny so you kind of did it live if you
don't want for you is it's like an
instant kind of version of like
formspring so you can ask whatever
questions so if you want to ask us some
questions then head over to VU dot-com
forward slash fleurdeforce and it will
be an info bar below as well if you
can't be bothered to type it you'd want
to just click a link yeah so that is
that this evening sorry for the short
blog today guys again we've just been
busy busy busy filming all day um but
yeah it was nice to see you all and I
will see you tomorrow bye
you
