hello guys it's blocked over day
thirteen and uh what was that
good night someone okay good night you
go to bed yeah yeah view view got what
color your pajamas red are they
Christmas pajamas
no they look like Christmas pajamas to
me someone else is getting excited about
Christmas it's Christmas pajamas on you
want to sue me spike has just kind of
discovered himself on camera and and
discovered my makeup I look quite scary
because I just put foundation on nothing
else in my eyes I like do you think
don't be finger in it we're going out
for a curry tonight in a windmill
apparently we're going to the special
curry place that is in a windmill so
keep putting makeup on you're gonna have
a brown nose he's done a good job hm you
know some town now you bit of a joke you
rubbing your snotty nose in it yes so
yeah I will show you our Curry in the is
anything else exciting happen today what
have you been doing I've been fixing
spikes
we've been spray-painting it yeah black
might spike isn't interesting quadbikes
is interested in makeup like I haven't
been feeling that great either so hence
I have a bit of a weird Protagoras and
sure yeah I just feel a bit weird spike
show show Fleur house
doesn't make it home baby is that baby
show how you miss baby wants to make up
spike show how well but doesn't make you
baby how lousy woman doesn't make up Oh
baby hi again guys his what my car
Thanks
so we're just about to go out for dinner
and I thought we'd do a really quick
outfit today and we're late and everyone
is waiting for me
Alexander McQueen scarf that Ingrid got
me which I love and I wear all the time
then I have my Zara camo jacket on which
is a big love/hate thing with you guys
later people hate it I love it and then
I have on my All Saints belt which has
this like horse bit kind of detail
that's like nude then I have on my pixie
pants which I probably need to get some
wolfy hair off because we're fees multi
and then I have on my kg by Kirk Tiger
rose my shoes and I cut my hair and
we're going to eat curry and I'll see
you later
hi guys I'm blinding myself and Mike
with this light we just got to the
windmill place to find out that we
aren't actually meant to go to gym and I
want to show you guys that were mobile I
just tried to film it is too dark but
it's an awesome win Mali Guinea Koreans
pretty much the best thing ever great
but you're blinding me and we've been
dancing to Gangnam style exactly got
well good evening I wasn't kissing the
dog so basically we've been up for curry
what you're really nice classical
pretty crack game it's a really nice
guys had a really fun evening tandoori
King broad Robin I had a shimmy tikka
masala sucked was super tasty now the
fetish Nobles oh she was just dancing to
Gangnam Murphy was that she had one pour
up cuz Mike was playing him and she had
one pour up later no I'm sure at some
point during this October I get enough
hassle to show the videos what you think
to gain understand
would you like going or something yeah
yeah see your hand oh yeah so had a
really fun evening um really good fun
cuz you basically had groggy and then
when we were out I've got this really
bad headache um just one side of my head
and then it went away pretty well with
me and Dan basically spend the whole
time I'm doing spikes we went to get the
old core bike from the dealer it's a
little garish it's getting fixed and we
basically took all the plastics office I
spent time doing that and then if they
spent the whole afternoon just like
getting rid of the old stickers cleaning
them up and then spraying them sitting
all black and red is it a surprise
well no cause you can't sort of spraying
them but regardless it's kind of sissy
yeah yeah so it was it was Jax
originally it must be like twenty years
yes really old it looks really similar
to what my old cool but you see when I
was a kid this is cool I think we're
going for Sunday lunch tomorrow
and then you guys are filming we might
depends on timing to think what we're
gonna do
so Mike Bettes here tomorrow what
exactly are plants give me
you just got lots of stuff to do I think
we should be watching they've gone free
this morning
you know it's nearly morning this
morning actually no it's gonna be about
6:30 7 o'clock our time is gonna be on
mostly it was only because this morning
this practice 3 this morning listen just
three this morning before qualifying was
on to issue in the morning 2:30 oh so
that's why I thought but no read the
actual race tomorrow is all night 670
but because we're up north and there's
the Wi-Fi is not really good streaming
it isn't really that quick pretty so
yeah we don't know where the day but
regardless soon we will see you tomorrow
yeah more I hope we can go to the beach
don't we have time cuz I really want to
take weather to the beach because last
time we tried to say it with me to the
beach the tide was out by about two
miles really do so she didn't she's
looking up or
so we didn't actually get to go to the
beach but yes I'm sure we'll see you
tomorrow you're having a fun day
wherever you are
and this little Gangnam style
