well hello there everybody and welcome
to vlog Tober day 12 as you maybe have
to tell and vlogging in the dark I'm
actually vlogging on Mike's new iphone 5
so I'm hoping it may be better quality
in the dark than my iphone we are in the
car here is worth sheets and she needs
to sit on my lap woof I wish she would
not sit there and here's my keys driving
for anyone worried about the fact that
I'm a driving and vlogging oh I'm not
mike is driving and we're headed up to
Lincoln chair to stay with my sister who
we were planning on like driving up in
convoy because she's been at my parents
as well we've just come from but she
ended up leaving like half an hour for
us so we are on our way up there we've
got a couple of hours drive it's a
pretty boring drive it's like there's
just nothing on it yeah so we headed up
there for the weekend woof snoring this
is a really interesting blog isn't it
work she's like shut up I'm trying to
sleep sorry Whoopi um so yeah that is
what we're doing this weekend we're
hopefully gonna get lots of videos
filmed and yeah us do have anything to
add to today's vlog today's vault I've
done stuff today how many times have you
listened to Gangnam style today okay
Mike trying to sing Gangnam style
they're trying to dance to it fail but
he's obsessed with it weirdly a weird
story about Gangnam style act like five
in the morning was it four nights ago he
was three or four nights ago it started
playing on Mike's laptop downstairs in
the kitchen for no reason like in the
middle of the night and woke me up and I
was like oh my god there's someone in
the hours playing Gangnam style and
through the morning oh my god they're
gonna forgive us and then I was like
hold on a minute why would they come
into the house and try and burglars and
play Gangnam style song
don't see maybe they were like doing the
horsey dance laying around the house
Bergling but I sent Mike downstairs and
he switched off and there was no one
there but it may have been a ghost you
didn't know we love ghost could have
been a ghost either way it was an
interesting turn of events for sure but
it was quite weird anyway I will update
you on the journey I probably won't
actually because it's pretty boring i'd
probably fall asleep me and would feel
be like in the passenger seat and
Michael be just like the mocking sons
listening to mumford and sons so we've
just got here and as you can tell by my
sleepy sleepy eyes I may have been
napping a little bit on the way here but
might been having a lovely time driving
on the country roads heavily linked my
we stopped for a starbucks top I had a
chai tea latte and might got a signature
hot chocolate he's still not converted
to the salted caramel hot chocolate
you've tried this before and it didn't
work last time surface look yummy but I
think my contacts about to fall out this
is not good news not good news guys like
seriously not good anyway um yeah we've
just got here we actually beat my sister
here haha cuz she stops get fish and
chips um which as a note me being a
healthy bean I stopped and got a healthy
dinner from the service well not that
healthy cuz a service station but more
healthy than fish and chips so I may
have to steal maybe see one but I wanted
to show you I've had Whoopi insisting on
being on my lap the whole way down here
and my leggings now look like this you
see it they were done whether you can
see it it looks you must be able to see
it it looks like i have really hairy
legs i hope you guys can see them lately
I'm your father doing so right let's go
inside skater but if a close up for you
guys giving another meaning to hairy
legs right here oh my goodness me I
think I need to go get changed with may
be molting maybe what are you molting no
I didn't mean naughty monkey
well hello there looks like I just got a
head at the moment and there's no other
part of my body because I mean it if you
can see I'm being quite quiet because
someone is snoozing been a long day and
we had a long drive up without having a
long drive up we then had the vision
chips curry sauce and watch your P's and
then after that then went to watch
prometheus wish me obviously was again
and again he failed it was still rubbish
I didn't enjoy the kaisers haven't no
absolutely no sense of reality they
should promise Dashiell phil was epic
thus each item a think that how it's
done is awesome but natural characters I
know you she's kind of in and out of
sleep but yeah so someone's very tired
so I finishing the flock for the day the
background I'm finishing the flock for
the day say good bubbly I'm sure we'll
see be some more exciting next door
you
