hey guys it's blocked over day 11 - 11 -
4 - 1011 today it is nice and bright and
early and we have been to drop Mike's
car off the other one
at the service emic place because it
needs a service emic service so Mike's
here and as because we're having a
little trip this early in the morning we
thought we may as well stop on the way
pass there's a couple of things I need
to do we're gonna go to Starbucks but
obviously that's an essential and I'm
gonna try the pumpkin spice latte again
because the amount of comments I've had
from you guys since me and Tanya said
that it was awful makes me think that
they made it wrong because so many
people love it you're making it they
think I think I'm gonna say can you put
no nutmeg on top because I think that
was what they did wrong way put loads
and that mega on the top and when you
have too much it's a bit just to tip in
River Mike static Tooting all over the
shop was it was a it was a green light
and they didn't go within 30
milliseconds
so we're doing that and then we're
stopping in at a craft shop to get some
supplies for a crafty video that I'm
hopefully filming with my sister this
week or this weekend and then we are
going to boots because I need some new
deodorant because I've been using Mike's
and do you find that deodorant is that
just me maybe I'm not allergic to it or
something he's like half an hour after I
put it on it get like like a actually
half an hour like a long time after I
put it on it goes like really cold like
almost like you know like tingly shower
gel and it makes me a bit worried that I
probably should be using that and it
smells really manly as well so I mean
got some more lady do Trenton what's
that what are you gonna star back is up
north
pick it up oh my goodness Mike's had his
iPhone delivered but it's up in Cheshire
and he's like well I'm thinking about
driving all the way up there today to
pick it up really you could wait till
Monday when your dad's going up there
and he could bring it back that's like
Monday like three days away Mike having
like a glass of this technology I think
we get a coffee then I think I'm going
to do it okay guys here we go moment of
truth the pumpkin spice latte
company
it's much better than the one I had
returned yes much better
but it still is really bitter like it
just isn't as good as a gingerbread
latte or a chai tea latte your chai tea
it's just almost like something about it
when I know the people that liked it are
gonna have a go at me yeah something
about it tastes like bile you know when
you've been puking when you're really
ill and you've been sick all night and
you start throwing up vile and it's got
that really bitter like disgusting taste
it has like an aftertaste a file
oh my god Mike celebrating like that
when I have hot drinks everywhere I'm
holding on to my extreme if I broke what
are you eating
you've got a quiz on haven't can I have
a bite just a little one please those
things are so good to have a cheese my
son's from some boys I'm amazing
we're in hobby craft guys and I honestly
forgotten and the Christmas stuff is out
too so
it makes it really exciting being in
here it's just so much stuff crafty
stuff Mike's like we've got five minutes
I'm like I want five hours could all
this DIY invitation stuff just a hint of
what we might be doing and now we're
looking for envelopes big ones hello
there there is drama in the household
this evening guys Mike is having a drama
thing going on having technology issues
technological problem man just wiped out
some of log dough Bert someone has got a
snazzy new iPhone 5 I've got way too
overexcited and was doing something
funny with his old iPhone which I had
actually recorded some footage on for
October and it's crashed hasn't it yeah
Oh SpaghettiOs
but you do have your shiny new iPhone 5
very very jealous tweeted about it so
different oh it's so I can't tell the
difference can you oh it's basically one
silver ones black ones skinny ones a lot
lighter than the other
you're right Woo's
I think she's barking at the washing
machine the other thing that I've been
doing this evening guy is very very
exciting you saw a couple of vlogs ago
that I was planning like redo our
bedroom or like our bed linen so I
finally got all the pieces together
today and done didn't
and someone is messing it up already
woof yeah I managed to finish off my bed
linen kind of shopping and buy a few
bits and pieces I'm really really happy
with it although the actual sheets don't
quite match with the color of the throat
but I'm still happy because I actually
got the throat Wow super snuggly hey
wolfy actually got the throw on like 80%
offers from the white company and I
think it was many of you like a hundred
and ninety something and I got it for 40
pounds so I was super happy and those
are the cushions the one in the middle
this one is actually really old it's
from Zara home from another from another
room in our house and then these there
are the other four actually are all from
the white company these ones I got for
like 8 pounds which I was really happy
with because there might be like 35
pounds each but I stuffed them with the
old stuffing from the pillows that were
on my bed before which doesn't quite fit
so I'm gonna have to get some new
stuffing for them I think because they
look a bit funny but yeah new bed
this is a really weird angle like lying
on the bed with woof upside down Whoopie
I really wanted to like roll on the back
and look at you but I think she's quite
grumpy so yeah that is it for today guys
hi was so yeah I know that is it for
today I will see you tomorrow for
vlogmas over day 12 and I hope we manage
to get the footage back from the last
few days that was on hello that was on
Mike's phone because it will be stinky
and rubbish if we don't but yeah I will
see you later
you
