hey guys so I thought it would do a
really quick update you may have noticed
that this video is a joint day 9 and 10
I did actually film on the 9th of
October I filmed half of it on my phone
and half of it on Mike's phone and we've
had a little bit of a disaster and there
has basically been avoided footage
deleted Mike's iPhone has died um which
isn't great the reason why I was filming
on his iPhone in the first place is
because it has quite a lot more memory
than mine - the small sized one his is
the big one he went to upgrade his
iPhone today and tried to like update
his old one before he like sorted out
his new one and it literally just died
and it's gone black and it won't like
spring back to life so I've lost a few
clips of footage for these two days
which this video is gonna be so I'm
sorry for that guys I'm just gonna skip
out day 9 because it just totally didn't
make sense with only half the vlog so
this is actually gonna be day 10 and
there is a little clip in the middle of
this where we actually went to the
cinema it's like a two second clip of us
in cinema with popcorn that got deleted
as well so I'm really gutted but I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog anyway
because it's kind of fun we're like
messing around and yeah so and talking
about films so yeah I'm sorry about that
guys but normal programming will resume
tomorrow with vlog toba day 11 which is
actually today because I'm editing those
ones today but just let you know that's
what's happened and there's really
nothing I can do about it so I'm really
sorry and yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this video anyway and let's get into it
hi guys that was a new was going on
there
it's vlog Tovar day 10 and I have just
got back from a nice session of Pilates
so I will do a quick gym outfit of the
day for you all although it's not
particularly like proper gym because
Pilates you wear socks and yeah so I go
in my hoodie this is my Abercrombie
favourite favourite most favourite
Ferrari hoodie in the world apart from
the fact that Mike put this in too hot a
tumble dry cycle and burnt a bit of the
furry bit not very cool
but rubbish if you look from here it
looks ok so yeah I've got my Abercrombie
hoodie on and then just a black tank top
underneath then I have my black leggings
on these ones are actually from TK Maxx
they have this kind of stripe down the
side and then I have on my wedge
trainers which obviously I take off when
I get there but I just didn't have any
others I went straight from my mum's so
these are what I was wearing and then I
have my fuzzy socks on which I actually
got in the Cosmo blog Ward's goodie bag
and they are nice and snuggly so yeah I
had a good session of plastics and now I
am back with this stinky bun face and we
are going on a semi kind of date night
tonight aren't we check that out it's
like old-school and romantic you loo to
the cinema without for dinner dinner
dinner are we yeah food because I'm
hungry
we're not stopping at McDonald's I guess
bender took a lot a salad I could have a
salad but I just I hate having a salad
at McDonald's I know how tasty whatever
you're eating is well we're gonna go see
the decisions are there are three films
that fit into us so many I want to see
so many can we go all night no because
we're too late cuz he handed on to
Ozzy's gonna want to see mm film that
would be excessive it's already 10 to 80
so 38:30 or 9:30 9:30 news you get food
taken to take I really really really
wanna see that how long is it though one
hour 31 so we could go 9:30 it won't be
too late we don't want to see like a zoo
in our film peak at 8:40
it's looper which is specially Gemma and
her boyfriend were sad especially good
at 8:50 is resident evil retribution
there's another person evil I didn't
even watch the trailer before we decide
not right now but what else has load it
up and that scene what about savages um
that's not showing that personal I
really want to see
it's probably showing its of you boo I
want to see savages I think we should go
for taken to Isis weenie as well but
within with mister now what's this
weenie
should we make a more British classic oh
and then there's killing them softly at
nine as well which it looks really good
this new Brad Pitt movie this looks
pretty bad Pitt
it's quite easy on the eyes yeah well we
will keep you updated with what we
decided to go and see cuz we're not sure
yet
and I am hungry hello furball you know
what I'm getting ready for you know what
was in 12 days Taylor Swift album we
just got back from the cinema guys we
decided to go for resident evil and we
did a review for you all its Resident
Evil number 5 something they're all
called like revolution retribution
tweeted it no it wasn't revolution was
number four I think anyway I thought it
was probably confusing to be honest it
was kind of like it had like three
beginnings which was kind of weird and
it was good it would definitely like
kept you interested and it was very it
was really really action-packed and like
on the edge of your seat kind of
entertain retribution retribution but it
was just a little bit like weird like it
the thing that I liked the most about
Resident Evil when it was a computer
game and the first one especially was
that was actually quite simple
whereas I think now there's just
complicates things so much but they did
not in the games - it wasn't grossing
was I'm really going to I really enjoyed
it was also top marks you enjoyed it at
times I was like really is that really
happening and it was almost like a
computer game you know in the way that
it doesn't
make sense sometimes you're like oh my
it's only 3d personally I didn't think
it needed to be in 3d I'm not a huge fan
of 3d I think it was quite cool like
some of the action sequences are really
cool in 3d because you got my blood
splatters and like bullets and stuff
I personally think a super high
definition quality is better than 3d
because I just think I don't personally
feel the need for it's cool it was
definitely worth watch they don't say
thick cinema is so expensive 3d that
costs us 10 pounds 80 Asianet or 11
pounds each ridiculous
outrageous but we still have to go has
he taken to looper savages I really want
to see the film I think the advantages
of being a wallflower I think I had to
say to my blanket what that movie is
called what's what she doing busted
she's trying to get them off yeah mass
murdering cat actually I joke but they
do leave dead vowels on the doorstep
what I saw this few times weekly felting
after a rabbit the other day a rabbit
how on earth would she tackle a rabbit
she had to like bounce and jump on it as
bad yeah she's a smoker yeah I'd like to
see her I thought it was bold very bold
strong Mikey rabbits currently fight
back and they say mm-hmm even if she
pounced on it and like tried to kill it
in it like she couldn't the rabbit would
just run away
so it's a win-win situation for the cat
really right guys we're gonna call it a
night there and see you tomorrow for
October day 11 yeah she's gone quiet now
bye
