hi guys and welcome to October day 8 and
today I'm here with this old fellow and
we are going to be answering some of
your questions from Twitter because I
mentioned I was gonna do an ask Fleur
video but it's rapidly turning into ask
Flo and Mike because it's way more fun
with two people
things are just fun word too and
especially when it's you her and I
didn't know it so let's get into your
rhymes missus we've got an iPad each
we're gonna ask alternate questions
padding it up and we've got omitting
yeah yeah we do how a little kitty cat
who's biting you win so you've got the
first question life starts is this the
first question that someone pad my cell
the first one which is from Susie I
think it's sassy sassy underscore I love
1d not sure what she likes and it also
says what's your favorite 1d song by
that I'm guessing it's one direction
that's an easy one for me my favorite is
you don't know you're beautiful
mine is nothing my collection I had
enough of the city I'm in the car with
Tanya gym the other day
Italian loves yeah me and Todd we're
having a sing-along in the car
okay so Zach kits or zhan zhuang seats
not sure about that isn't it asks what
is one special thing that you admire in
each other well to be honest I have just
finished a circuits workout so I
probably am a little bit stinky right
now
hence my bedraggled looking appearance
as well I've got a thing I admire about
you you are really really kind to
everybody
you're probably he is honestly probably
one of the kindest people I know like
you always think about others and you're
really lovely and nice and thoughtful to
other people I'd say my review is your
determination your obsession in a good
way things yeah I've had like a really
like addictive
slash obsessive personality so when I'm
into something I do it 24/7 yeah
definitely
hence I do YouTube quite a lot right my
next one is from stops brewski Stubbs
brusky you know that kid
why do you have an Obama cutout in your
house
well someone came home from work one day
with the Obama cut it was basically for
charity it was like a charity how much
did you pay for it 40 pounds what what
charity do you remember I think it went
to a children's charity I'm pretty sure
it was either for children need or it's
usually neat it is I don't actually know
I don't think it was funny I think but
it was another like sport would be for
something yeah that counts but they had
other people in this auction and they
have my car Demonoid Brad Pitt who does
he come home with Obama but I do think
there is more cardboard for your money
because he's so tall maybe yeah he's
cool oh I've got another thing saying
what's your favorite One Direction song
but from the same person
stay fearless 135 asks how tall are you
I'm six foot and I am 5 foot three and a
half half is all in the water guys
all-important right I need to find one
for it Miska tells great asks if you
could time travel to any point in time
when would you go it's awful I think
probably the 60s purely based on the
fact of the cars and they're amazing it
wasn't such a mind-blowing
groundbreaking time I think I was a
really cool time that I have like music
popular culture life but so much was
going on in it was that such a
revolutionary time of it'll be amazing
I'd go back to the early 80s so I can
have a perm
we're ridiculous low thing like in flat
dance and dance to awesome 80s pop music
that's what's your next my next question
I saw this a little bit for a few people
but it's from ROM team yeah and it says
are you guys ever coming back to the
u.s. well now that you mention it we are
coming back to the u.s. very very soon
we are going to be in LA for 10 days at
the beginning of November together it's
we're actually going on a family trip
with Mike's family because his twin
sister lives out there
hi Claire I feel watching she watches
these videos quite a lot so yeah we're
gonna go and see her and we're really
excited about that and then I'm actually
going to New York with my mom for
another little trip in November but the
end of November so I am a very lucky
bunny this year I've been to America a
lot so it is a very exciting year for me
and America because we love you guys you
know and you have amazing shopping
someone also did ask him another
question I can't push on together
there's what this like your what's your
favorite state to visit you haven't been
to I know there's just get me on my
shuttle I really want to go to Texas I
really want to go to Texas and I also
anywhere like I also wanna ghost like
the deep south so like Louisiana
I wanted to manually it's one of them I
want to go in Florida I want to go to
the Boston say Massachusetts I want you
Talia wait are you on the show I'm just
hitting exciting I wanna come home I
love traveling I want to go all over the
state station is what they really like
them gradually anyone but that's someone
I'd love to go to Chicago because I've
kind of done a few quality of done like
four stays in America we tend to go back
to the same places in America because
partly New York is kind of one of them
you know it's the big place to visit and
it's also the closest to where we are so
it's only six or seven hours and then we
go to LA quite a lot because we've got
friends there so yeah we kind of don't
get to go to the rest of America we will
expand it in years years in years to
come from galaxy asked what language
would you wish to master I would like to
speak Japanese
japanese because i would love to go to
japan and I think the Jap I just love
the whole Japanese culture I love
Japanese food and yes I like this
picture price I'd like to be able speak
English if we are actually serious I
would love to speak Italian because it's
what my favorite in the world and it
makes you sound sexy spicy meat Dabangg
I see good superego
I would love to speak this yeah it'd be
better if you speak it better than that
as well
Arsenal st. asks will will feet become a
mummy anytime in the next two years the
answer to that question is we don't
actually know we've thought about having
puppies with her because she does have
phantom pregnancies really badly and we
chose not to get her neutered because we
wanted to have puppies with her but now
we're under sided I think a lot depends
on a what we're doing because obviously
with having the wedding coming up soon
it's not fair that puppies around that
because and then yeah our other thing as
well as is we're not sure about whether
to have a litter of puppies in the
winter because we have quite a small
house but we don't have a massive big
space for them to be in and puppies do
smell anything so we kind of like for
someone to go outside and do subside I
think maybe like maybe in the couple
she's not really a couple years is fair
to have it within a couple years I think
probably not this year but is definitely
maybe we have like a lot of people lined
up to her puppies when she has them like
a lot of people like delinquent she's
taking us
ridiculous I've got a question I'm gonna
put them both together because I think
they're both really good questions
wishes from pointless pointless holy
SS didn't get all that put this Holly
sorry and the first one is your biggest
inspiration question mark so what's your
biggest inspiration
it's pretty easy Taylor Swift has no
heart
she's not my inspiration in terms of
what I'm doing she doesn't do what I'm
doing
no we would like your basic freshman
life yeah I would say Taylor Swift is
really inspiring because she's done so
much at such a young age jobs yeah he's
pretty cool I know sounds really I don't
know because what a big inspiration
it's tough probably my dream unless I'm
stopping but my grandma is my biggest
inspiration because he'd like he do what
I do he's kind of Amanda he's a big
situation unfortunately not but the
other one which is my favorite film is
Lost Boys the Lost Boys the original one
with Kiefer Sutherland it is amazing if
you haven't seen it you need to go and
watch it
it's about vampires it's like the
original vampire you know it's 80s like
cheesy awesome awesome music generally
amazing it's awesome my favorite Ella
film
I love Forrest Gump but my actual
probably favorite film is the Darjeeling
Limited which is whether a film which I
love um can sit down any day and watch
that film and it makes me happy and is
such an amazing film these everything
Wes does is amazing ex Emma f-19x asks
is Mike actively involved with the
wedding planning I would say today I was
very involved in anything today I am in
certain parts that I'm you have like an
idea of how you want the whole thing to
be but like finer details it's more
girly so I do I've got certain things
I've been allocated which I'm sure I
will tell you it's a little bit and
certain things I kind of get my opinion
on because I'm quite you like you know
and I do I like it
if you but you're generally coming with
the ideas and I'm kind of just meals
would you be honest my sister Hannah's
doing a lot of it because she's an event
planner and I literally didn't know
where to start so she's helping organize
a lot of the big stuff like talking to K
tourism hmm marquee people and staff say
ham is probably the most involved from
Sarah
Sadie's makeup what side of the bed do
you both sleep on well that's easy I
just tag to personal hashtag sorry as
you're looking at the bed Mike sleeps on
the right and I sleep on the left but
it's a lie but I said well alright she
sees on the right because she's I like
yeah I kind of push you out of it I kind
of chased Mike across the bed yeah my
Kundalini um
ex Tricia underscore asks what's the
sweetest thing Mike has ever done for
you proposed pretty much the sweetest
thing you do sweet things like every day
then it's like it's more of the small
things that mean the most like say if
I've had a really busy day and I get
home and I'm absolutely shattered you
all have made dinner or you don't have
done the ironing or you know you just
help out like I think that's the great
thing about our relationship is that we
have times in our lives that we know
when if either one of us is struggling
with something
we're not the other one out thing X I
mean yes yeah x amelia salmon um what's
your favorite place to shop apart from
london and it has to be in the UK vista
guaranteed from two blocks ago I love it
she doesn't owe Manchester I do like
Manchester scene I'm going to be
controversial and I'm going to say the
bullring cuz again yeah I think that's
actually really good place Manchester is
much better than the boring because it's
got Harvey Nichols and I love Harvey
Nichols for just browsing in I think
everything's laid out really nicely and
an amazing like food sections I'm not
big helping at this time say that well
this is a good one last question okay
miss cat tells great I know we asked her
other we answer other questions were but
this is a good question
who's your favorite superhero it's a
tough one Superman because he has all
the cool belts because he can fly which
is basically amazing imagine how much
money I'd save on airfare as if I could
fly
that's very true he can fly and he can
freeze stuffing and blow stuff he's
super strong he's genuinely amazing
Superman that's why he's Superman
Iron Man because he's not really a
sitter it's coming both he made his yes
be still super well he is a super I
guess he's only a man because he a has
cool metal outfit he can fly he can it's
basically like an extension of having an
awesome car Mike is obsessed with cars
it's like having a car that fits around
your body and the flies yeah the fine
bit of it but you know holding like the
flying thing well I'd like to find it
because I've been controlled it yeah
today we'll see tomorrow for for October
day 9 I am going to try on wedding
dresses so I might do like a little vlog
or something another not show you any
Jenny pictures nothing okay dress up
like a princess good word that's it see
tomorrow bye
you
