hey guys so it's vloggers day 7 and it's
Sunday and it is currently about 7 p.m.
I haven't vlogged a tool to there yet
until now because we've actually been at
my parents most of the day we just went
over there and I was just editing a load
of videos one for the video that we
actually shot on Thursday for the bridal
Channel and a couple of my vlogs because
I'm behind and now we're home as always
we are on to the Sunday night ritual mic
is lighting the fire X Factor is nearly
on and I'm gonna light my candle and
then watch Downton Abbey and does this
feel like last week I'm pretty sure it
does
but yeah I thought I would do like a
mini like weekend haul and show you guys
what I bought yesterday Vista I only got
a couple of things and then a couple of
things that I got from TK Maxx today
because I actually popped in my dad
needs to go to like home base which is
next door so I went into TK Maxx because
I needed some new bed sheets which is
really exciting but I did actually pick
up a couple of things for the house so I
will show you that so the first thing I
got some new bed sheets because this is
what I actually went in for our bedroom
colours like grey I'm actually gonna be
like redoing quite a lot of our bedroom
I really want to get some new throw
cushions as well because we still have
the ones that I had when I was at uni
they're from Primark and they're like
really destroyed and frayed and yeah I
kind of wanted to kind of make our
bedroom a little bit more grown-up again
yeah so new sheets which should be nice
and snuggly and then I got a few how see
things so this I also got from TK Maxx
has her fig and pear fragrance diffuser
I actually haven't smelt it because it's
one of those annoying ones that has a
sealed thing but I thought it looked
really nice I love fig fragrances
especially like for the bathrooms and
stuff and I actually have what was the
one I had last time the rituals under a
fig tree one which I absolutely loved
but it's just run out so I've got any
one of those and then yesterday in Vista
I only picked up these two things
they're both from Ralph Lauren
it's a candle and a room spray of the
same scent it's called autumn sunrise
dear Lord it's
so good it's honestly like the most
perfect autumn scent I may even prefer
it to leaves I actually can't side but
these are actually $12.99 each I think
they were reduced from originally 30
pounds then $17.99 and then they were
five pounds extra off so I thought it
was quite good because I've run out my
Miller carrot handle it handled my
Miller Harris candle has literally just
run out it's just such a nice smell I
love it so this is for my desk upstairs
and then there's a room spray for just
like the whole house because it smells
so good and then Mike wants me to vlog
him making a fire he wants to show
everybody how he makes fire because he
is a man man make fire so what are we
doing in here
I actually don't know how to make a fire
nice and most people will I'm guessing
so how do you make your fire my fire
there's newspaper in the bottom which is
needs to be newspaper is light so first
of all you have a piece of cardboard
yeah because that is just a flat piece
of cardboard I'll just call it just
because it burns for longer so it
ignites actioncam okay why is that extra
combustion oxygen yeah fire make fire
and then what we've got the logs here
are they going in you guys seen this
picture of Whoopi as well about her
fireplace so cheesy but I loved it so
much I got this for Mike for Christmas a
couple of years ago Oh
Keely and then you know put one small
log a small log cat scratching it
scratching post over here yeah I thought
they'd be coming cuz we've got the miss
little bed and I thought they'd be
coming up in front of that but they
don't but starting tonight everyone go
in there Mickey I was thinking about it
and then the blowtorch scared it away
why don't you just get a flamethrower
more easier here as bad as me with your
talking my camera zoom weird things like
a pink bin look at the screen oh yes he
shut it and it goes like a furnace
amazing so yeah I am going to get X
Factor on I'm thinking about painting my
nails as well because it is another one
of my Sunday night rituals but I don't
know what color what color do you think
much paint my nails you think I've had
them this color this week look how cheap
they are but I let me let me focus I
love this now honest it's lavender glitz
by pop it's really cool look at this cat
this cat is a parrot it like sits on
Mike's shoulder the whole time oh yeah I
knew she would like this by the fire he
was like get out I want to go in there
silly mitties okay so you think purple
I'm thinking maybe like red thinking
maybe red did you have fun with Tanya
Jim kamas today I know we hardly ever
see them it's rubbish I'm gonna go and
pick out a nail varnish I will take you
upstairs with me here's my nail polish
towers and the last time we did a nail
polish collection I just had one of
these towers but since then I've bought
another one
and I've actually divided them up into
colors and I've written on here like
what colors in them so that they're not
so full because it got to the point
where this is almost like full as well
I've got the point where they're all
full and you just couldn't really see
any other colors so I've got all the
colors divided up this is my orange and
red drawer so we don't actually have a
lot of Reds because I don't my red that
often in fact it do anything about any
renders this is the only red I have it
so he glitter red yeah I'm not entirely
sure what color to wear maybe I'll go
for another glitter I've enjoyed wearing
oh maybe this one actually remember who
gave this to it was either Alison Ruby
pumps by China Glaze
it was either Alison or Emmerich's or a
subscribe
I can't remember because Alison gave me
a few quite a few nail varnishes and
polishes in the same word as polishes
but I can't remember what if she gave me
this one or not it has left my mind this
is one of my moment love it so much okay
maybe a bit of Nicki Minaj topcoat over
the red how would that look let's have a
play around and see so I've just
finished painting my nails with China
Glaze Ruby pumps I decided not to do the
wideness focus focus I decided not to do
the Nicki Minaj topcoat because I tried
it on one nail and it was like almost
opaque so it looked awful but yeah I
really like this it's like Christmasy
though it's maybe for Christmasy which
is way premature because it is like how
many weeks for Christmas a long time
like over two months so that's bad
anyway I am in my PJs ready for bed so
I'm gonna call it a day from October day
7 but I will see you tomorrow for more
vlogging
you
