hey guys so it is vlog tober day 6 and
today Tanya and Jim are coming to say I
have a real frog in my throat mmm
crazy stuff Tanya Gemma coming today
woof he's just been for a walk so she is
wet dog and I'm not sure where mine is
he just put her in
but anyway so yeah Tanya and Jimbo
coming to stay today and I thought it
would show you what I am wearing because
I do that sometimes
umm I am wearing this pink shirt which
is actually from Rhys I picked it up in
the sale I think like last winter so she
remember when it would maybe like the
winter sales like the end of summer kind
of sales last year but it has like
really really small stars kind of
embroidered into it that you can't
really see unless you look really
closely but I really like it
it's got these big flare sleeves and
yeah it's kind of like a long I'm
wearing it just with leggings today
because it's really long
I like this and then I have my scarf
which has stars on one side and lace on
the other and then I have my pixie pants
on and then I have these boots which are
actually super old I think they're about
5 years old I got them from pierre de
terre they need a bit of a clean
actually they're kind of dirty but yeah
that's what I'm wearing today so I will
locate Mike at some point and update you
and Tanya and Jim get here I think we're
going to go to best a village which the
Sun is bright today and if you guys
don't know what best villages it's
basically like an outlets village so
it's just basically like discount
shopping and we actually live fairly
near to it so we're not failing there
it's still pretty far but Tanya and jim
live like three hours away from us so
yeah we're gonna go there and have some
lunch there and then maybe go for like a
nice pub dinner tonight so I will see
you in a bit
I found him where have you been mister
did you like Mike's blog yesterday guys
I haven't edited it yet I hope it is
good
Obama's here as well oh hi brac yes how
you doing um you gonna show us what
you're wearing today shoes outside cuz
it's um it's quite dark in here
show us everyone wants to see you're out
what are you wearing
which Mike's not sure about cuz he
thinks he looks like a schoolboy but I
like it it's actually from my mum for um
for his birthday is where the wild
things are and then your jeans these are
jeans yeah green and purple socks I like
it yeah do your hair all that jazz well
you're actually a silhouette now go
inside
hello can you see our number plate no
it's my rice yeah it's on the back well
on on that car is and Tanya with her
question we're going shopping we're
going to Vista you're gonna love it it's
like in central for winter I might
feeling so Christmassy is that when can
you actually like crack out like red
sparkly nail polish and Christmas and
then it's Christmas maybe November 6th
okay guys so prepare yourself for like
Christmas pajamas Christmas hats socks
everything coming out from all of us
after Halloween and the boys are having
manly man chat talking about something
we're hearing them talk about zombies
spiders well I actually had like more
zombies some zombies are pretty slow
there's some zombies they're so slow
Resident Evil zombies
right yeah no I get what you mean all
the new one the negative oh my god
that's just the president either way
because the whole point of Resident Evil
that it was creepy right anyway we're in
pizza
and we haven't seen anything but we're
gonna go to Amanda Wakeley and look at
some dresses which will probably be way
too formal but I like looking at them
anyway like I like looking at guys we've
just found Jim's perfect pair of shoes
amazing you gonna wear them to my
wedding on you Jim yes you would look
really sexy in this Jim yeah that you
need that hi just a quick update guys
from Starbucks
do never do never do not ever don't
whatever you do don't buy this pie
pumpkin I'm sitting here with these
lovely people it's so bad me and Tanya
bought the same one and it's it's
disgusting we are just walking back to
the car now and I actually did mention
it was in Jim's log but on our way and
we had this massive fight with this guy
in the car park because he was standing
in a car it was my first bike no but it
was like a like a fight it was like a an
aggressive he was getting really
aggressive and he was standing in the
parking space like reserving it was
literally it's been like Christmas
shopping today yeah and we went into
park and he was like no you can't park
here I've saved it for my friend and
we're just approaching the car now to
see if it's still it's still there
because I can see that the nose but if
he's done anything to the car we then
the we were like just saying to him look
guy like you can't like reserve a car
parking space you had like you're
standing there there was like people
queuing to get in and we were just like
stuck we're okay yes he didn't scratch
it we thought he was gonna key the car
but but anyway there was like a queue of
people this was this our car is here
like where I'm standing and there was a
queue of people there like waiting for
us to park and he was standing in the
car parking bay like me I'm like no no
like this is for my friend he's coming
would like look your friend can't even
get here because there's a line of cars
so at the end of the day the guy in the
car behind us like got out and started
effing and jeffing I'm like yeah the way
yeah he threatened to run him over it
was quite spectacular
so we thought he might have keep the car
or something but it's good news he
hasn't so I'm just gonna get back in the
back okay there we go
hello so yeah we're back in the car and
we can I have my music on the way back
please me and Tony are playing one
direction the whole way there so yeah
we're going out for a pub supper oh love
this I'm not really overexcited there's
like this can you see there's like this
plastic arm that gives you your seatbelt
right and when we got in and Jim thought
it was me extendable I think it's so
pointless like why don't you just get
your own seat because you're not like me
you're not really Sean I can't that's
sometimes I can get okay I think it's a
pointless feature but yeah Jim seemed to
enjoy it right see you at home so it's
quite a lot later now we just got back
from the pub and we went for a tasty
meal and then I know my pajamas and
we're actually watching the rerun or
like we recorded X Factor so everyone is
in here chilling out and yeah we will
see you tomorrow for vlog Tober day 7 I
think yeah
