you off bye guys
I'm leaving Mike in charge of vlog tober
for the day because I am off to London
to shoot that I can't really take you on
so here you go here's Mike for the day I
hope he looks after you tell him off he
doesn't coffee and I will see you all
tomorrow good bye
I'll probably see you tonight looks like
we're in trouble oh so she's left
walking good genes but it's time one of
these little monster over there excited
to have a ball think it's time to play
hey whoopee ready to play however this
ball ready so time for a bit of a walk
fill you in as I go don't climb me Mitty
I'm not tree monsters come on now you're
gonna share no yes no yes yes no no yeah
but one what a hooligan dog how do I
deal with it well wolf has been walked
and I sneak now doing a very boring job
and I'm sure you'll all things very
boring changing the sauce I'm one
motorbike very silly but I've got my
spanners at the ready exhaust wolfish
playing behind with a ball somewhere
okay so few is a trial and tribulation
the bang finger later
my sword is fitted the little monster
unfortunately one of my brackets
I had a shared bolt failure completely
so my exhaust isn't fully fitted but at
least see if it starts
well you didn't follow me shop well I
was supposed to go to the Senators
evening I thought I would do but I've
ended up these
mostly potato I'm having a nice Union
whilst waiting for the little monster to
arrive back doing a small amount of
shopping is raining outside
Gogi hit a pedigree charm their gal
what else have we got in here today busy
little shot apples for eat me I took a
gamble couldn't remember the yogurt
flash so I just got a bump a variety
pack I don't if it's you know I make
gamble that's risky business tissues
thought well I've got two movies to
watch so gonna need some ice cream
myself a cinema sized cookie dough but
just in case I'm still feeling peckish
I got myself a home size caramel
choo-choo hot dang as you might have
noticed in the background another reason
why I've got to stay in is this is that
not the biggest pile of ironing you ever
seen in life someone's been left to do
that job so I'll have my weapon I have
my meeting I'm gonna have my DVDs and
it's time to get ironing I'll see you
guys later
as you can see behind Polly shrinking
that's about half size now it was good
don't know all these other moves is so
funny I laugh like mad I just then I
didn't find it quite as good as I was a
bit too much expectations of that one so
wasn't bad but not quite as good as I
was hoping for then now I have the done
lemma see now I bought moonrise kingdom
which I don't know if any of you seen is
by the door it's called Webb Anderson I
love but this is a really cool movie and
it's one I want to sit down and really
appreciate so
I now have a decision what are what's
next now as you probably saw if you
watch my tweet to the other day I will
this safe mmm again probably got to be
intensive watch I also got bought this
one both of a flirt really want to sit
down watch that are you coming to make a
decision as long as he miss he wants to
make a decision yes so it is left
between two Missy Avengers and American
Pie both I've seen both I've really
liked them but they're pretty easy
watching all amazing action hero or
American Pie comedy we're gonna watch
out and see what that's like say see
what it's like I've seen it before but I
haven't seen it since the cinema so I'm
quite excited to watch it again have
some fun hopefully that power back there
will be down and the pile over here
hello there once again
the piles seems to have disappeared
somewhat and season appear behind me I'm
so impressed
did you have a fun day I did a very
tiring day today the last couple of days
have just been an absolute whirlwind and
I just wanted to get home early like
every time I finished my brother drove
me home so you been watching me yeah
American Pie the reunion it's so funny
hilarious yeah definitely one of the
best films of the last year I'm going to
bed now she's getting very tired and
I've got a few more bits to do that
means we're signing off on back to usual
services tomorrow's vlog toba day five
is over
when telling you and Jimmy coming by
