good morning guys Mike and I are on a
very misty walk morning like a foggy is
and I'm bundled up because it's super
super cold I've got a half of my makeup
done because Mike because having co2
worked I was only halfway through so I
really really want to come on a walk
this morning because I'm not here to
rest a week so we're out of breath I had
to make it up the hill because this one
was not on the lead and we had to put
her on the lead because she was about to
run away because Mike always starts the
walk with her off the lead which makes
me very nervous
so yeah got my coffee but it really it's
actually a really beautiful morning even
though it's foggy the sunshine is coming
through the fog blue skies so beautiful
this is what I love living in the
countryside it's a bit like look at over
there like still like like a horror
movie
no it's kind of like well this side is
kind of creepy but then you look over
here
and it's beautiful haven't vlogged all
day it's now quarter to six I've been
filming all day today so I've basically
film three videos that are going up over
the next couple of weeks and then I've
just had a Facebook live as well which I
really well so if you guys joined my
facebook live the one before I was going
to gym on Monday I hope you guys enjoyed
it I just fed the dogs I'm standing in
their bed right now they are finishing
off their snacks we have about 15
minutes came for quick walk before we go
out circuits class and I wanted to show
you my outfit circuits because we're
besties that mean these new gym leggings
I feel like can we do this I'm going to
put the vlog camera next to the cat and
you can see the dogs room which is super
super messy but this is what they look
like they're a little bit of a scary
barking at me figure they're a little
bit risky or risque whatever both risky
and risky because they have this like
like see-through patch on the leg
they're actually reversible it goes up
quite high on the sides quite cheeky
they're actually are reversible so
they're like basically this palm print
on the top and then they have it they
have mesh on the back as well what do
you guys think a fan
not a fan I feel like piglet is standing
behind me being like I am NOT a fan I
want you to take me out you know we're
going to need to do guys if we take you
out now because it's getting dark excuse
me we need to put the jazzy collars off
not no one what come on guys
count is talk and then this is what it
looks like when we're walking them gosh
this is why we need to like light the
way I think you're doing a poo whoever
that is
just got to my science class guys I'm
like standing halfway on my car with my
ass out in the rain two things it's
raining hideously raining and I forgot
my freakin hair tie probably the worst
class to arrive even though hair tie as
well disaster did it guys I did the
workout woohoo I am now
cuddling this little snuggle muffin hey
hi big hug big reproduce is barking at
me being an absolute pain just got back
from gym actually it felt really good
last time I did circuit class I found it
really hard and hair all in my face the
cotton we because I'm holding on to
piglet but yeah I found it all right
sighs feeling good still haven't
finished packing leave at 6 o'clock in
the morning it's now 9 o'clock haven't
had a new dinner might stops and bought
some food which looks like it's there it
looks to be smoked haddock and mature
cheddar melting middle fishcakes that
sounds good asparagus and broccoli what
do you think about that piglet also
looks like he's making sweet potato
fries currently you're going to miss me
this week
do you miss me when I'm gone P you miss
me will you miss me she's like nope this
is my dinner this evening
looks pretty tasty but it appears to me
there's no room for me on this sofa
anyone willing to move up a little bit
no annoying you hello hello
how rude with hypocrite where do we move
up fine I'll sit over there and treat
wait what regal chignon in here oh no
holy smokes
let's go sausage upstairs I don't think
he'll ever notice you're here piggy you
just hide under there so watch the
west-world
where you off to where you off to huh
going under they're not entirely sure
what she's doing exactly cozy spot yeah
that's the cozy spot is it I'm vlogging
this because this one is so me yes I
probably gonna give me a hug it's
 all monkeys Jake oh come on come
on me come on how could you do oh thank
you I love you I wouldn't take you away
piggy I love you you so mean don't worry
yeah I bet you did
