hey guys so it's vlog Toba day 4 and I'm
in the car again I feel like I'm always
in the car I don't know why well I do
know why because I have always in the
cars
um it's pretty early in the morning
right now and it's absolutely freezing
the weather has been really really crazy
it's been like sunshine and then like a
massive shower and then sunshine and
then even raining whilst the sun is
shining it's pretty crazy but yeah and
just off to London I am leaving for my
parents house and left Mike in bed with
woof sure but up next to him which was
really cute but I didn't want to leave
them but yeah I'm off to do a video
shoot with my sister for our bridal
Channel we are gonna be excuse me we're
gonna be talking to shoe designer
Freya rose who if you guys read our blog
you might have seen some stuff about her
or if you've got married she's always in
like the wedding magazines and stuff so
yeah we're gonna go to shoot it's cute
it's like a mixture between shoot and
shoots and we're gonna go shoot a video
in her studio and try on some of our
shoes and I don't really know the exact
plan yet we're kind of coming up with it
as we go along
but it's gonna be something along the
lines of like how to choose your perfect
wedding shoes so that is what's
happening today so I will update you
when I get to London yeah and look at
these awesome leaves as well in front of
my car aren't they cool it's properly
autumn now guys I will see you in a
minute
bye well a minute in a while in a while
goodbye hey guys so look where I am I'm
in shoe heaven and Hannah is here and
living who you might remember from
Florence
way back when last year last year last
December it's been a long time yeah
let's go back talking of wanting to go
shopping look at all of these amazing
shoes I've literally like bridal shoes
bridal shoes singing about bridal shoes
to the 18 aren't these the ones that
owner from The Saturdays had these are
wedding very spangly yeah
those ones are cool too so we are just
doing a little bit of filming in here
which will be up on the bridal channel
at some point in this week we're not
sure when it's actually Thursday so this
weekend wait
and yet I don't have anything more to
say anyone else have anything to say
hello again so I have just gotten back
from the cosmic Ward's I really wanted
to film in there but the music was so
loud that there was no way you could
even hear me let alone it would be
copyright okay so I couldn't do that but
it was really really cool my friend Zoe
also Ella won the best blogger which is
amazing cuz I love her and lots of other
cool blogs and actually a lot of new
blogs because there was a lot of like
new blog categories so definitely a few
new wants to check out but I did get a
good bag so I just thought I would share
with you guys what's in the goodie bag
because I don't know you might want to
see it because it's kind of full and
exciting looking if you can see this is
spike stable that he eats on it's like
his miniature table so in case you're
wondering why I'm a giant I'm not it's
actually it's more simple sir we have
some socks from next I think some
sponsored by next so hence they have the
socks what is this next I don't know
what this is a black clutch bag cool
cool there's loads of stuff in here
blank x non-abrasive whitening
toothpaste that looks good dry back home
spray for your hair that looks good
although I am generally like stay away
from dry shampoo type products because
my hair goes crazy
coconut water yes and tons of other
stuff once this diet coke whoa diet John
Paul Gautier diet coke that's cool
Kleenex can never have too many Kleenex
Elemis fresh skin oh these are the daily
moisturizer that's actually really good
I've used that before oh and some Percy
and Reed stuff which is good too I
really like their products
Spa strength within clinically proven
what is this beauty supplements okay
anti-wrinkle supplements that sounds a
bit scary to me
Skin Therapy oil this is amazing
philip kingsley elasticized oh awesome
that's a travel size i love that and
then a few other bits as an lms fresh
skin face wash oh my god there's so much
stuff in here this is cool
san Tropez everyday body moisturizer
amazing was a macadamia oil this is like
the best goodie bag ever what is this
well Ben decay 24/7 eye pencil in
rockstar best goodie bag ever q Cosmo
for having me at the Cosmo Globe Awards
and awesome goodie bag I'm gonna head
home now - Mike I've got a fairly long
journey ahead of me but nice and a week
so I will see you at home
hey guys oh that's terrible lighting so
I'm back home now and I'm absolutely
shattered I think I left home at about 8
o'clock this morning and I've just got
back now and it's about is it 11 ish so
I am a sleepy one and I am going to bed
two other sleepy ones are already in bed
do you mind being on camera in bed like
that two little monkeys in bed have you
had a nice day well I'm gonna hit the
sack now because I am exhausted
and I will see you tomorrow I'm not
quite sure how Rodney's gonna Oh whoopee
hi hi I'm not quite sure how long is
gonna work tomorrow because I am at a
video shoot all day literally all day so
there's Mike fancy taking over flogging
what are we gonna do maybe we should do
a question-and-answer one
maybe we should do an ask for video I
don't know guys I will think about it
tomorrow and I'll definitely get a vlog
up but I'm not entirely sure what it
will be about Whoopie is sniffing like a
crazy
say good night whoops good night she's
going crazy like jumping all over me
right guys I will see you tomorrow for
vlog Toba day 5
