hi guys and welcome to vlog turbo day
three so I am actually back at my mum's
it's pretty early in the morning but
it's her birthday and she's still in her
pajamas so she doesn't want to be on
camera but it is her birthday today and
she's 35 again apparently but I didn't
believe it um and as you guys know I may
have a present present for her
so as she won't be on camera I'll have
to you have to film film me giving it to
it this is this is it guys
how birthday yeah you do she still looks
nice a temperature have a job is a half
a crop you hide under unity okay it's
nice wrapping paper isn't it really not
I cants recycle I copy their breath you
know I'm really tight and love how you
think like me I love always recycle
wrapping paper getting into it it's
alright it's alright
New York City today
okay the cards can you guess
hey guys it's me again so hope you
enjoyed that really quick vlog with
Louise I think Larry I'm just off to
Pilates now it's 6:00 well it's not 6:15
it's quarter to 6:00 so I'm just on my
way there and then I'm going back up to
my mum's again for dinner because as you
know it's her birthday today has been
just crazy I've been like going back
into from all sorts of places
so I've been in the car a lot which
means I haven't been vlogging at one
hopefully I'll vlog a little bit later I
really thought it was funny vlogging
mom's reaction and it was actually
pretty crazy cuz after I touched the
camera off she like basically burst into
tears and was like that was really
awesome and its really made my day so I
am a happy bunny I'm off to Pilates and
I will see you for dinner
in a while crocodile hello monkeys what
are you doing
grooming with E she's really getting
stroppy you're right gooble she does not
like that God I'm looking like a Mad
Professor this evening my hairs all
crazy yeah I've just been doing some
late night vlogging we had a nice dinner
for mums birthday with some of her
friends and Mike is watching The
Inbetweeners the movie was actually the
adverts at the moment I wasn't on the
movie this wound is the bed top ten best
bit top ten best bits over but I want
orders that if you guys don't watch the
image the end between us is massive in
England but I don't think it didn't
translate to America it's like one of
the funniest funniest jokes ever so I
love that in-between this it makes me
laugh I'm not very good with comedy
either like I don't know a massive fan
of comedy and Mike it is but I love the
emptiness so you
relaxed relaxed doing a bit of casual
blogging indeed what have you been up to
today
I have been working today nothing to
report
I am heading off to London again
SuperDuper early in the morning I felt
like I'm going back into from London
like a yo-yo literally like okay at the
moment but yeah and I'll be filming I
think we're filming a cool video for my
bridal channel which I'll show you
probably a bit of like behind the scenes
type stuff
the cosmic blog Awards is also tomorrow
but I don't know if I'm gonna get time
to go because I have to come back here
in the evening so I need to look at all
the timings and stuff what you hadn't
had a chance to do today there's the
birthday girl
hurry you're looking a bit more polished
now are you a happier to be on camera
I've never seen mum so excited about
present ever it was the best so I think
I may he paused it especially wait I'm
gonna engulfed it and watch it in
between to the mic now and whoof he says
see you tomorrow
