hey guys it's vlog Toba day - today was
bobbing like crazy
I think the neighbor is making some
noise today it is I think it's an only 4
o'clock I'm just about to head over to
my mom's to do some filming hence I have
no makeup on because I just thought I
might as well do my makeup when I am
there I have had a really really busy
morning I've been editing my September
favorites video which has just gone up
so thanks for all the awesome comments
on that
and then I've had it uploaded
yesterday's vlog video done some blog
post and lots of general kind of add
many stuff but I'm headed over to my
mom's like I said there's my wardrobe
looking nice and messy in fact my whole
room looks like a bomb has dropped yeah
I thought I'd do a quick outfit of the
day pouring just wearing this kind of
thin jumper kind of knit it's it's like
almost like halfway in between a t-shirt
and a jumper and it's by Sehun I got it
when I was in LA and I actually haven't
worn it too much I don't really know why
it's one of those things that I just I
kind of I don't forget I had it I just
haven't worn it as much as I should have
done so I'm wearing it today and it's
really comfortable I really like it then
I just have on my forever 21 there's a
load of clothes on before I need to put
away my forever 21
Navy jeans and then my office quilted
flats and that is so I'm gonna head over
to my mum's put some slap on the face
and then get filming and I will see you
in a while and his Whoopie I was high hi
guys look who I found
it's the best boy in the world and you
know why he's the best boy in the world
why's that cuz he what we ran today
which I'm wearing now he bought me a
jacket which is very very amazing as a
total surprise
yeah that's pretty sweet of you mmm he's
crazy cat yes I get really like anxious
when my sees presents for no reason but
boy your present for no reason cuz then
just you're so hard to shop for that
whenever I want to buy you presents
I want to shop why do I did buy a wash
bag there they didn't mine yes I did
um so yeah we are at my parents house at
the moment
I didn't end up filming my video that I
wanted to film this afternoon because I
got some bad news about the exciting
thing that's happening this week I can't
talk anymore about it which is really
frustrating and no I'm not pregnant just
throw that out there's a lot of the
comments like oh my god you're pregnant
yeah
that would be a surprise yeah it is
still happening the exciting thing is
still happening so I'm really excited
about it but I can't talk to you guys
about it until a couple of weeks time so
yeah hold that thought it's still
happening but it's the video that I was
going to film today was to do with this
exciting thing notice that you've got a
very like American documentary camera
well of course you've got such a longer
oh can you film cuz you've got WAY
longer answer me if I can see so much
more ways you've got this confidence
you're really annoying
they still that's what you're doing you
don't yatin so but you don't - quickly
it's all right it's all about the stop
stop stop
I felt like Britney Spears in that
what's that crate in the crazy so I'm
gonna step it up state saying folks
you're focusing on something like
focusing your fingers in obviously not
your finger out the shot all right okay
I'll meet so the exciting thing has been
it not postponed but I can't talk about
it so it's very frustrating for me
because I'm so excited stop me
cuz I'm so excited about it the lights
in the Shana
there we go I'm so so excited about it
but I can't actually tell you guys in it
telling me you know so what else has
happened today
that's why you bought with this Jack yes
not I bought it ages ago just delivered
anything to do with cars I'm like oh yes
oh that's for your motorbikes yeah I
really wasn't listening
I don't prove anything to do with your
motorbike so that I think you should be
about me because you're rubbish so yeah
I think we're gonna head back home now I
will just go to the cinema tonight and
it just didn't happen we ran out of time
again when what about tomorrow night I
look Pilates Pilates 6:15 at 7:15
yeah it's mom's birthday but I don't
know what she's doing in the evening I
do mom she'll beat load I can vlog now
because oh man she's coming mum's in her
pajamas which is she walked into the
room guy exciting
I'm so excited about it and it just
feels like I just amazing to have to do
something that's why not because she's
done so much least about my life that if
I'm just I know how excited she's gonna
be and I'm literally like cuz I planned
it months ago no this is there's so many
secrets and surprises this month I can't
tell I have to plan strategically when I
can talk about it maybe she's not very
good at this I just like telling
everybody everything this is like the
longest plug for six minutes straight
just talking about random stuff pretty
much should we get wealthy in it hey
guys so we just got home to a very
exciting package I'll save the dates
have arrived this is just one of them on
top of the big box of all the others but
we actually ended up going for the
wedding details if you watched the save
the date video I made with my sister on
my bridal channel you may have seen them
already but we basically went for this
design which is like a postcard but it
says Mike and flower are getting married
then the day and it says save the date
in the corner and then the address of
the church we're getting married which
mike is covering up it may be a
little bit quicker for you guys show up
on the day cuz I didn't think they'd be
room to sit you in
Church listen your save the dead eat
your second excuse me I'll save the day
your Saturday what about my box your
exhaust your motorbike exhaust honestly
not very exciting yeah I've got to work
out some good way to package up these
tea towels to kind of make them quite
slim because if I couldn't post them as
a large letter rather than a small
packet it will save me a lot of money
because a small packet it's like to
leave around 70 or something each so if
you think about how much that will add
up to crazy so I'm gonna try and get
them as a small a large lesser even but
yes that is the save the day and I'm so
excited you know and um it actually got
dropped off at Mike's parents house
because we aren't in a lot of time so I
got to live it there and Mike's dad just
rung and said oh there's a package for
you here so a lot of tea towels like
because he oh she hadn't taken one
looked at it so I was like oh my god
they're here because it's taken like
three weeks to print them so I'm very
excited and yeah that's probably it for
today guys I will see you tomorrow for
the big unveiling of the surprise went
on the search exciting stuff going on
right now I literally like I just can't
wait to tell her I honestly she's new so
excited I think she's kind of twigs
because I got a phone call when we were
out in Portugal last month I got a phone
call from the airline that we're flying
with basically saying there's been a
problem because my Mike banquet blocked
my card because it was a foreign payment
or something but I didn't realize
because they hadn't blocked the whole
card they just stopped that payment so
it was like two weeks after an hour she
booked the flights and they rang me up
and said oh hey like you know we need to
reissue this this payment the problem
was they couldn't get through to me and
the next number they had because my mum
was registered to fly with them was my
mom's number so they rang my mom and
they were just like oh hi we're just
calling in regards to your flight to New
York like bloody Road line she was like
what flight to New York like I don't
understand and I was like oh my god so I
had to come up with this massive story
about how my can
had booked these flights and canceled
them and like basically had to like lie
really badly and I'm not very good at
lying I'm always but like I just mess up
I messed up the whole time so cuz I
don't really have much of a center
between my brain and my mouth so I just
blurt things out so if I have like
covered something up with a lie I will
then find it really hard to actually
like not like mess up later on so I'm
just really bad at it so I had to try
and cover this up and I think she
tweeted cuz she asked my sister about it
the other day so I'm hoping we both
managed to fob her off with our like
rubbish stories that were telling her
but I'm very excited about telling ya
anyway and hopefully I'll record a
reaction so I will see you all tomorrow
for vlog tober day 3 and that's it
goodbye
