welcome to vlog Tober eventually it is
really only in the morning right now
it's about quarter to eight and I am
just off to London I've got a meeting to
go to this morning there's a little
kitty cat wants to come in you wanna go
in going in so I'm just shooting off I'm
gonna drive to the train station and get
the train down but I thought it would do
a bit of an impromptu outfit of the day
if you can see I'm not sure if you can
see but let's try it I'm wearing this
jacket which I actually got from a it
looks kind of funny cuz I'm like leaning
forward to hold the camera actually got
this from like a local boutique but it's
like this kind of Tweedy material which
I really like and I have this kind of
high like high like high neck lace top
on which I'm not gonna take my jacket
off because I'm a little bit late I have
my Chanel tote with my car keys hanging
outside ever so classy and then I have
my little Cooper skirt which I wear like
24/7 and my Ross Navami riding boots
which I also wear 24/7 and then my
standard makeup Shiseido foundation
literally like no eyeshadow a little bit
of eyeliner because I'm in a massive
hurry but I will keep you updated I'm
not entirely sure if I'm gonna vlog in
London because I'm literally going to a
meeting coming back to film some stuff a
little bit later but I am going to
circuits tonight which I'm really
excited about so maybe I will vlog that
but until then guys I will see you later
so I'm just sorry way back from my
meeting and I decided to walk back to
the train station and now I'm kind of
regretting it please look at this it is
like chucking it down with rain the
first day of October standard what
happens in London it raining but yeah
I'm just on my way home now hopefully
I'm gonna be filming a exciting video
for an exciting video get your grandma
right for my beauty channel which should
be up in the next couple of days right
now I'm just feeling like a drowned rat
and probably pack my umbrella this is
like the weird Oakley umbrella that we
bought in Edinburgh it was raining so
much it's a little bit gaudy but it does
the job so yeah I'm just really about to
the train station I'm really hungry so I
might try and pick up some sushi or
something if they can I love
Susheela at the train station in London
because at home it's like way harder to
find because I live in the middle of
nowhere see him I will steal in a while
I'm now on the train and I managed to
get a flat let's flirt us the first cost
what is wrong with me a first-class
ticket for half the price of a normal
ticket on the internet last - what
freaking how we disobey but I have like
sushi so it's not like that long train
journey but still boring there's no one
else in the carriage handsome vlogging
because if there's anyone in here it'd
be like hey it's really quiet in here
awkward so I will see you at home I
guess and I feel like a thoroughly
drowned rat like even though I had an
umbrella like the ends of my hair still
get wet because my hair salon so I just
feel like Oh horrible so oh well that is
it England and the rain hey guys so as
you may be able to tell by my sexy getup
I've just got back from circuits I
didn't actually get the chance for love
before because I wasn't quite late but I
was almost late and yeah I basically had
to like super rush to put on all of my
gym clothes and like get out of the door
to get there on time and now I feel
thoroughly exhausted I honestly like the
circuits is the best workout like it
seriously I haven't actually known
anything make me that tired and sweaty
and exhausted and dying you actually
feel like you're gonna die I'm talking
of feeling like you're gonna die you
came last week didn't he like yes you
didn't like it they do know I enjoyed
circuits but I was feeling ill and you
made me do exercise and I was feeling it
and so hence I felt so I come home
anyway after a thoroughly exhausting
session at the circuit I did try and
make him come this week but I think you
need a few weeks to recover from last
week someone's cooking minced tasty
tasty I'm very hungry I was gonna do
like a gym outfit today but I'm really
sweaty now
I'm wearing obviously I didn't wear this
doing circuits because it's way too hot
this is my Zoey Carson jumper I just put
on before and after so that I didn't get
cold outside and then I have on my Nike
like little vest top that I got in LA
and then I just have some black leggings
and my trainers and that's it really
trying to think what else is going on do
you fancy watch some grain grain some
Game of Thrones I'm gonna say you want
to watch them but that should take like
half an hour how long is this gonna take
the mints is pretty much done it's just
you can eat yours right now Mike's
watching a football so much football in
our lives right now a lot of football
golf
guess why I was playing a full hilt in
the car on the way home insanely long
five lives did you have the golf one no
one direction oh I think I'm 15 our one
direction right I'm gonna go and edit my
video and then eat some dinner
and maybe give you enough to have Game
of Thrones basically I've watched series
1 and 2 but I watch it without Mike
because I bought the DVD boxset
and showed it to my website the one that
looks were bitch so I watched it on my
own
well like I got like a halfway through
the series by the time you got know what
one day I didn't know you were Joe yeah
so I didn't know he was joking why
saying he looks rubbish and I watch it
without him so I ended up watching
because he didn't want to join half with
you so I watched both series and now I'm
rewatching Terry's one but Mike's
watching it's the first time where two
episodes in and he's not addicted yeah
he's like oh it's okay
it's good okay it's like the best series
in the world it's good thumbs up if you
think Game of Thrones is amazing that's
not for me it's not a year I think it
will get there I don't know I personally
think it's as good
I think miss miss Tanya and Jim may care
to watch some of the week oh yeah
tweeted me but I was very busy watching
golf or she treated you right she was
like the best cheek me obviously a nice
texture actually because they're meant
to be coming this weekend perhaps spoke
to him and we also say excited
yes
and little meet him at I don't know
whether you can see it there she is
as well
you
