well hello there and welcome or not
quite welcome to vlog Tober i think im
gonna entitle this video blog october is
coming surely my vlog tobis or multimers
maybe something this is it might rise to
make everything christmas which i'm not
opposed to I like Christmas myself but
no anyway it is the last day of sep
tember today and we are good at well I i
say weakest he just hangs around with a
bad smell these dayz um I'm gonna be
vlogging every day in October and it
will be called rocked over but today I'm
meeting my Apple YUM we thought it was
worth vlogging because it's a monumental
moment while I guys I'm going to my very
first football match / soccer I'm really
scared because it's a dog isn't it then
why darby it John explain what's obvious
I'll be is basically to local rivals so
it is to local roller so give we might
die in the rowdy bunch yeah we've got
seats in the rowdy bit how yeah all the
rule against I've never been to any kind
of like massive sporting event before
the battles really not my kind of thing
but we may be able to stop in Birmingham
because it's Aston Villa might sports
aston villa so again on way to
birmingham so we maybe have to stop for
a little bit of a peruse baby thing do
we have time ok guys so according to
mike we are about to approach
the stadium with it the SI rims the
theater of dreams look at him he's so
excited she is here she is love oh it's
always been like zoomed out he finally
seems their days isn't it ugly home
opener so we're just popping in to
Birmingham to do a little bit of a look
around because I need to have a look
different than find something for
something rather special is happening
next week which I will tell you about in
the next few blogs but we yeah we're
doing that and then we're going for a
Nandos do not have done this in ages oh
wait look let's get a better shot about
a shot come on with her you can't really
see it
Mike's been teaching me the rules of
football in the car as well which I
don't really understand it's like well
you know what penalty isn't
well you know what foul is man maybe he
so I've had a lesson in football on the
way here and i want to show you as well
as taking off my folks i forgot i meant
to tweet a picture Ella thought my eyes
open in a vlog check out my new phone
case I finally finally got a new one so
my old one was from an American company
called get on comment or comedy was
really good but it was just getting
really old cuz it had on me nearly two
years a year a hassle another so I got
this new one with Whoopi on it and this
is from a company called move skins and
it was really good they delivered it in
like two days so I'd really recommend
them the only problem with it is it that
the case doesn't come around the front
and of the phone so i feel like if i
drop our screen and make scratch the
screen and like break the screen so i'm
trying to drop it but we have really
good and it was 20 pounds which i think
is pretty good for a palace reliable
case because bargain park it's already a
bargain but it's a pretty good price
because a lot of the ones in the app
will still rely even the bumper the
apple store bumper is 26 which i think
is ridiculous for like
proper safe yeah we got Batman guy will
update you in a minute goodbye so we're
just stopping at Star City for some
lunch before we go and watch the match
and i just thought i had to vlog it
because it's so like America it's a bit
crazy really like the Las Vegas it's
like in that is the Las Vegas of
Birmingham it's Birmingham Vegas and
we're gonna go for a Nandos now so i
will flog you from there no nando's what
did you get Mike I got chicken
you've eaten it already demolished and
this is extra hot which pretty
impressive oh and i ordered half a check
in by mistake and it's way too much
instead of quarter chicken ratatouille
peas okay guys here we go not gonna lie
and then little bit nervous right now
but the good news is I have Pat hello
girl the feeling a little bit lonely on
their women side here
Oh
Oh
well hello we are back in the car now we
just got back and we drew which one good
good thing it was quite a scary
experience my first time for what well
it was a little bit like walking me I
was a little bit scary cuz me and cat
would like the only girls and was like
loads of gangs of guys but it was fun
there's a lot of swearing wasn't
expecting that there was whenever anyone
did something wrong it was like oh I
think Jeff aim shouting it's quite funny
dude I'm glad you joined it and oh I
think I'd do I get good but it wasn't a
great match was it cuz we're injury yeah
it was quite corner yeah came back to
draw that was quite cool everyone went
crazy I hope I got some good footage I
couldn't really like I think I might
grab i'ma comin yeah you did might grab
me from behind like when I was like
filming um but I didn't really feel that
comfortable filming there because like
we were surrounded by like hardcore
football fans who probably wouldn't
appreciate big on film so I don't know I
just felt a bit uncomfortable like doing
any talking I don't know it was a bit of
a scary experience I'm such a girl I'm
such a girly girl and I'm really not
into sport that much so I think it's the
first ever sporting event i've been to
ever we're headed home now and we're
going to what we're doing this evening
downton abbey's on and x factor but i
must expect to last week so I'm hoping
we can get back inside commun loss last
night I'm hoping we can get back in time
to watch last night's and then watch
science may best hurry up then let's go
hey guys so we just got home you may see
this familiar surrounding um we just got
home from the football and we had to
drive back separately because we went
back before I my moms and we both had a
car there because we drove there
separately anyway blah-dee blah blah but
I get home and this is why I love my
he's got a fire x factor and I want him
to say the candles on but it's not but I
can put the candle on this is like my
Sunday routine and you did it all before
I got home aren't you sweet I'm not
allowed to go
I have like in the winter I have a son
the TV's really loud i'm on the other
and i have a sunday night ritual
basically in the winter in the summer i
really miss it and I kind of forgot
about it i have sunday night ritual in
the winter of having my candle doing my
nails which actually this nail stuff has
been on for five days how good is that
barely chipped at all but yeah i have a
ritual of doing my nails in front of the
fire watching x factor and then Downton
Abbey and having a candle on so it's
like my favorite favorite favorite way
to spend Sunday nights because Mike
always work sunday nights um he has like
paperwork to do at home so in the ground
he's like antisocial and can't like
relax so yeah I have a little Sunday
night ritual all on my own in the
sitting room and it's very exciting for
me that it started again so yeah I think
that's about it today I will see you
tomorrow for the commencement of vlog
toba and potentially exciting
announcement the thing that I mentioned
earlier which I did actually pick up
from Birmingham is in that self which is
back there I have something really
really really exciting happening this
week and I'm just waiting for the final
approval for it and I'm not going to
tell you what it is because I don't want
to like announce it and then for it to
not happen so I'm going to leave it at
that I'm going to leave you all in
suspense but it's basically like the
most exciting thing that's ever happened
to me ever apart from getting engaged I
think anything else exciting more
exciting than what's happened you know
for me personally Mike doesn't think
it's very exciting you me can you think
of anything up can you think of anything
else in the world that would make more
excited than what is happening this week
um getting Mary's it's probably only
they how can you think of anything else
it's like honestly oh my god guys I
can't wait to tell you um but yeah I was
each more of a vlog toba day one
you
