hey guys so we thought we would film a
little bit of a behind the scenes type
vlog today we're in the car I couldn't
notice and in case you didn't notice by
me sounding like a man I do not feel
very well I'm alright really I just got
cold and it's that annoying first day or
second day really like I started feeling
ill probably about 5 o'clock yesterday
afternoon and then by yesterday night I
was like so today is like the first day
of actually feeling really groggy with
you know we just went your head feels a
little like fuzzy yeah so I don't feel
very well so excuse my man voice mics
here and he is at driving so we're on
our way to film a video for my beauty
channel which is going to be called my
boyfriend buys my makeup now there's a
lot of tags where my boyfriend does my
makeup and I was feeling a little bit
stuck for inspiration this week so I was
talking to Mike I was like you know I
don't know what to do like I don't know
about what foot what videos I should
make this week Mike was like I've got
brilliant idea what about I buy your
makeup and you actually got quite
excited about this whole thing because
you've always been like no I'm not doing
the makeup I don't want I don't like my
boyfriend does my makeup so he wants to
actually buy it but buying is better I
think it's probably more impressive
because Mike here has absolutely no idea
about makeup so like what what do you
think goes into a girl's face like
producing this you know any any of the
products are called well you've got
eyelashes is it eyeliner the pencil that
you draw around the eye not answering
okay on your own here
you use the Tama tears on his own I'm
not giving anything wrong
lusha around the eyes I think that I
need to get you then yes yes and then
you've got like eyebrow I'm guessing us
with a pencil you do that as well
guessing then foundation I'm guessing
that so you start with things blusher on
your cheeks and your eyes no like the
eye on not blusher on the other is like
like a different color like red stuff on
here and then like darkest I found the
others then something for the lips maybe
lipstick lip gloss maybe see how we feel
up to you and then what about a razor to
shave surely that's it seemed pretty
well so far
another little Adam I just thought to
ask Mike where are you gonna go shopping
for these things that you want to buy
well seen as though you're gonna say
Woolworths then I was like they're well
shut down
seen as though you spend your entire
life in the shuttle I think we should
visit at some point for something you
couldn't go to Mack what's your budget
for this no I'm thinking 50 pounds 50
pounds you won't get fired back with 50
pounds myself the budget maybe just one
thing from that yeah I'm going to have
an array I think you may be better off
in boots doing doing gotta have a wide
range anyway if you buy all bad products
they will have been a waste of 50 pounds
so he won't let me tell him that they're
bad products as well you'll be like no
but I bought them for you as a gift I
think we've got to go to Mac as one the
girls on the mat counter a really
unfriendly thing I know yes usually yeah
I don't think I don't think you're
really weird yeah especially when I'm
doing my Oh
 shake that kind of Jess
and I think probably super drunk are
there any other makeup brands maybe
counsel phrasing
looking at the dam in a minute yeah and
to just film again because Mike's coming
out with some classic comments here what
we just I said I surely the first thing
the top priority is a problem is the
foundation so you want to say where do
you think Matt do the best for our
nation's that was my Sydney and because
basically like when you paint a car
the foundation is key so if the
foundation is good it means the rest of
it so you're likening painting my face
to you painting a car yeah and where's
your spray gun where do you think you're
gonna get the best mascara from
you Celeron classic I'm not going to be
giving you any keys keys keys keys
hence say keys because we talk about
cars and I think you're gonna blow the
budget if you buy a Mac foundation
underneath some raw mascara you don't
spend about fifty pounds ok the budget
must go up a little bit this is the
problem with you my candy budget he
won't be like okay we'll go to boots and
we'll buy basic theory is is we're going
to have a bit of pollen from everyone
else so we're gonna have a wide range of
product but this is not the key thing
and then once I've bought what I've
bought and then we'll set the bungees
but what if you buy a lawful price
there's a big waste of money regardless
I still bought this product I chose
you're taking this so seriously Mike's
like really making a plan of action
about where we're gonna go once we get
to town we've gotta get lucky you know
gotta get this is man shopping this is
not I'll just walk into a shop and you
know what I actually think you're gonna
get the counters and be really scared
and we'll see boys how are you doing
proven update you have some things well
have you got what you're looking at now
I'm undecided what's this this is this
is either waterproof or non waterproof
but what is it
like that boozing yeah boozing Great
Lash you're trying to try to work out
what color to get ya which wish do you
think while the options okay and what
what is this the fountain also found we
found any deals look two four ten pounds
blue it's a bit too blue so guys we just
got back from a little shopping
adventure something very excited see ya
I actually feel awful because I fell
asleep in the car look at my red nose
I hate colds I'm gonna drug myself up
and take it on the lam sip actually
maybe we have some actual M's it I could
do with one of those right now
but Mike how did it go survived where
did you end up buying things from there
but never Lebanon with me but yeah we
have really like a lot of fun doing it I
might think I got some good footage I
don't think we're actually gonna film
the actual video today cuz I feel really
rough have a nap maybe we could do it
later see I have a lemon since you know
I feel but yeah that was your little
behind the scenes taster I don't know
which will be up before or after at the
same time whatever but if you want to
see what Mike bought then go and watch
it some of the stuff you came out with
was just hilarious but then you also
have to wait to see them what I do with
it
they say it's gonna look better than
this cuz I've got a bit of a rudolf
going on gonna have to learn to
Rudolph talked about Rudolph its what
ninety nine days till Christmas
yeah well yeah it cuz Ingrid said it was
a hundred days now it's ninety nine
today
there must be ninety nine but the
festivities begin that's pretty that's
quite a little time so isn't it suddenly
a hunt but I mean now when I'm sick I
feel awful part easy bah
