hey guys today I'm back with my lovely
friend Becky who is talk becky talk on
youtube if you don't know already she is
fun fabulous catalyst whether we're in
something ugly English whether she's not
really English yes well the sun's out
there's a fly huh
we are gonna be filming a girlie friend
tag today now I've done two other friend
tags in the past I've done the original
friend tag I don't even know who started
it but the original one with my friend
Phillip who is hilarious we're in
dressing gowns we were low yeah we're
closed today and then I've done the
cheesy friend tag with my friend Ingrid
which was actually quite funny as well
so we have done we've actually I think
most of the questions part on the first
one are all new so they're kind of a bit
different and they're all kind of girly
and fun and hopefully my iPad doesn't
run out of technology has been against
us today not really badly and I think it
wants to work so number one how and when
did you meet we met at University yeah
we actually met in our first year at
University very briefly yeah and I
didn't know each other until our second
year and the you knew who I was like
really antisocial so we just like I
swear with both by the secondary base I
just blanked everyone up and like no I
just don't like anyone had like two
friends I spoke to it was more like keep
your eyes down just go just do it and
then go and have fun elsewhere yeah so
we just didn't speak to each other nice
we're wearing low classes together last
two years we do have our life and then
we probably made friends at the end of
second year when we were going on a
field trip and we got put in a no yeah
in a set like you know group together
got you got you have no one
I had nobody to go away then I had to
email around everybody saying well
someone have me in their group and Becky
email me back laughs I guess and then we
oh my god I remember the first time we
went for coffee and we did not something
happening for like three hours and so
I'm just going for a quick coffee and
she can talk she can talk oh my god we
probably had like three copies yeah yeah
we just clicked my yeah it was like yeah
on to the next question
links in what were your first
impressions of each other um it's always
this is to start with you pop it I know
you're American
I was yeah because Betty used to wear
like should we were always in a
tracksuit and we're the Juicy Couture
remember it was like maroon was it was
like black with Rick with them I know it
was maroon you know it was silk on the
side which bow yes you see Peter on
sight oh I think it is Marie but I
sometimes can't tell come I think it's
very and then you had like this little
wait so when we locating I took
everything I used to go home every
weekend because I hated it that much it
was the Friday Club ridings I was with
my daughter case I just said like a
traveler but I had a hoodie his bags all
the time
yeah and and also I had dark hair and we
don't anything I could do now you looks
really different yeah I looked really
different a little bit odd for like I
definitely like now let's say I didn't
think that you were gonna be like you
are okay
you looked cool there I saw that I mean
it's cool but then we just never seem
never to tell you great stupid girls
number three what do you look for in a
girlfriend I look
or someone makes me laugh we always are
always and we always won't speak to each
other over the phone but then when we
see each other we don't yet okay that's
like my my number one thing with the
friends I love having friends that I can
not see for a really long time but you
see them and then fail your best friends
like you don't lose that level of
friendship it's not like you have to see
each other once a week or speak on a
phone every day like an equally if we
were together for a week
we might not talk all the time but we
still need to know we're passing away
and probably about you as well which I
don't look forward a friend but it's
just a quality that Flair has that makes
her so she's really honest which is the
record she's quite blunt yeah and he's
not really know where you stand with her
because her face goes like really still
and then you don't really know what
she's gonna say and sometimes it's
really not what you wanted today you
know inside you don't always get the
truth yeah you always get the truth and
I always know if I want someone seven
arts of something and you know if I pay
you a compliment I really mean it yeah I
know I want a winner
suppose she is sometimes it's like oh
okay then that was very direct but it's
love it's so nice it is there Lauren a
you don't want a friend to some friend
say what you want you to hear a new dear
you don't you tell me what you think and
I like that a lot about it well I always
think if I was in that situation looks
like when you're shopping and you're
trying something on and it's not
flattering I'm gonna find that they say
that or if it's see-through and you can
see your pants
I prefer that someone told me that
before I bought it I really would so
yeah its face goes still and I think
what I look for in a friend is
loyalty and also being reliable I hate
it when you organize something with
somebody and they're like I can't be
bothered to do that like I love it
if you know I don't see you all the time
but every time we see each other it's
always like we live quite far away but
we'll have to make like her he had a
dedicated right I'm coming to seeing you
on this day and I will be there and you
are like the number one best person for
being like I'll be there
sorry rain snow whatever blizzards every
time I will and then you text finish it
okay number four have you ever been away
together twice it was at the moon
we went to New York on a field trip that
was and it was so amazing you were
paired with he was he was a real we are
like us was on our rain with him we
wouldn't be here today
no I think it was really sick doing it
here we went to an intermediate
everywhere but what we did is we did the
field work and then we did it really
quickly and then hit the shop yeah home
for the week we were like hardcore
shopping I mean but she's the worst
enabler ever I got loads of stuff you
came away like a mug and at the end of
the week I was like hold on a minute how
have we done this every shot be like oh
my god buy it it's amazing probably cuz
I'm Sammy knows I know - but I - sure -
see-through color but you know that was
it was like really cool and we were
really anointed me because because I
couldn't fly well we have your sexy
direction we got off oh my god is it
underground and kind of yes the subway
 subway it's like a burger or some
walk out of the same subway I said every
time she be like right this way and walk
off in the total wrong direction
every time be like um ten times we must
have golf in the same place and I
couldn't work out which are we going
that was crazy and we were staying in
this hostel would like two bunk beds
weren't where these rickety but met in
the smallest bathroom
nor did I wait was it you it was either
me on and it was nasty air we I haven't
seen those girls since we should be up
there no no you should do another video
cuz they were cool as well they weren't
the ones it was sick no we went to
Portugal and I remember about this holy
lady there was a snake by the pool this
is no lie and it was hilarious
oh my god it was so terrifying we filmed
it you know I wonder if I said I hate
animal rights people we killed they have
to kill it but it was I thought the
snake I didn't kill it was the boys that
cook it's really there a lot the key
it's like screaming and it went it was
like inflatables a game was smashed and
Staffan yeah it was terrifying
I'm terrified of snakes yeah that was
fun that was we need to do it again
number five whose rig earliest
definitely Becky you are so the girliest
even though I like do really girly
something what makeup so every time you
come over you're we wearing like heels
and like a little glam dress like you
always have your hair done and wherever
I go as for her I wear heels yeah
everywhere you're always dressed up and
your she's really tall anyway she's at
least like four inches taller than me so
she'll be like like six inches taller
than me wear their heels on and then
I'll be like and anything sparkly and
everything literally like it matter if a
fluffy pink my sickness who's the
bravest
I think probably you actually I
to say it was me but I think if actually
I knew you would save me yeah but I
think I got my head screwed on a bit
yeah in my in dangerous situation I say
wrong things you got to be the wrong
thing and I'm brave mentally but when it
comes to actually figuring out how to
get ourselves out of the situation if we
off I probably put us in more danger I
think you weren't but yeah you're quite
broken you're quite brave I'm in terms
of you stand up for yourself as well and
that's really cool because I know
sometimes standing up for other people
if someone says yeah quite person I like
it if something offends one of my
friends I'm like oh hold on a minute you
are yeah she's gonna die if someone
upsets your family or friend she's like
she's brilliant
number seven what one thing is most
important to your friend like if your
house is burning down what would you say
do you know what it's a really hard
question it will probably be something
that was engraved that maybe someone's
given you because you love makeup you
love makeup but like it's replaced it's
replaceable and you are really a
sentimental person even though but I
will or you'll always have like new
makeup or stuff and but you are really
sentimental up here and that's what's
different about you they actually take
it all away and yeah I think I'd say you
always feel like mascara my laptop I
probably go for like my laptop and then
my jewelry like my sentimental jewelry I
think my turtle
like in Sheldon
I would say you'd you'd save like I
don't know I feel like you'd say family
photos and photos because you're quite a
light lifting photos
I've got laser photo albums your nose
and his face albums I try and carry
those out should be like this throw them
out the window sorry smash um number
eight
do you have any traditions like together
as friends yes as sushi sushi wasabi
peas whenever I see a wasabi pea I think
most people would find that really
offensive thank you like when we first
met friends at uni there was a little it
was quite cheap sushi massage because
they just student discount and they I
was freaking out right you know your
mother cheetah and salmon and yeah I
gave you like a sushi education like for
CT everything and then when you came
over this afternoon we had sushi it's
like a little and I sent flower texted a
say I don't do eggs anything not like
eggs but those fish eggs and you brought
someone excellent I didn't realize you
had fish eggs on it cuz it was just a
spicy tuna roll but then they put the
eggs on top I like them and say oh good
we always do you see it and then when
you're I'll show you and drink at
Starbucks Cho choice in are they
absolutely yeah yeah oh is that right e
latte with soy milk yeah and then
shopping yeah shopping enabling me
buying a big and you know number nine if
if your friend could be any animal what
would they be
I love that you really think you've got
this one tell me what you think I think
you'd be a meerkat I thought a magpie I
make it I might put well you think was
your magpie sparkly things bean idea
cats like but they like tall and skinny
and they're like okay maybe it's just
because they're very happy that they're
in they're like funny you know they're
it like it just seemed quite happy all
the time and like you'd be like and you
would be an animal
hibernate because you love your smell it
it's like yeah you of like when we went
garden today yeah yes we're certain
title siren guess you're certain time of
night and I'm neutrinos go to bed just
like that you just generally just call
us it's gonna be like my sirens coming
close so go away think I'd be like a
dormouse or something yes and yeah like
a little dormouse quite quite nosy you'd
have little look and you know disgusting
along sleep she loves her sleep no
return was your friend's best quality
I've got this one
and what I've already mentioned it you
will go to like any lengths to like be
good to word like if you say you're
gonna be there
or if you if I rang me up and said help
I need help like can you come you be
like yeah I will be there and you'll go
through like anything to stick to it
like you seriously you actually have
actually been through like a blizzard to
get to my house when I see you've got
like you've got set a few friends in
your life that are key and I will always
want to be there okay it doesn't matter
what time with their night like your
engagement thing I remember then the
next year Waimea was a blizzard it was
this Christmas party you have every year
one of those blizzard and I know how to
in your little and then you came I
thought you looked like you can actually
look oh it's almost like speken from the
door time it's all cozy it's always you
have family glass he's on the same
evenings for some reason every time and
you you have to go back the same night
so she came together flew and she was
like and you had serious like these huge
bags and you and it's not really like
actually getting it to bed
like this is not yourself and yet
they're still you had your heels and you
dress and it was like should be out by
bears death as well and who are snow
Wong the snow is falling really heavily
and I live in quite a brawl area I rang
you did that I pulled over I said I
can't see the road but I I'm setting up
now and I'm going to
like no no you so come and I was in this
really old rav4 like Raph was really
cool but this round like that vintage
yeah the brief light rips off right on
third get him what it was not the most
reliable car so I'm going down the
motorway it like 10 miles an hour I need
it yeah you did and then he went back
the same night yeah area so no did I'd
love to expect Chris's with you he's got
my stocking was at home and then the
second thing I really love about unit I
always laugh so much like and just yeah
we have good chats yeah we have good
chat and sometimes you talk so much that
sometimes I'm just be like you could
don't have that hobby sense you asleep
yeah let me say oh she sleeps it's
probably just me or are you just so
boring you make me laugh I think we
laugh a lot moment together don't we
ladies and if there's one of those
people or you all these people that I
know you always like this is really
gushy but you will always be in my life
like and it's really you know and you
know you've got that that's just because
you are such a nice person
and it's really applied from the federal
Horrible's and the funniest things
happen to you as well which
she stayed glamorous and does the
funniest things happened to her but
she's so nice just say no and you're
just touching nice caring worth it are
these awful things sometimes happen to
you do you know what you just gotta love
yeah you know I have a friend that makes
you laugh and we're always loved yeah
we'll be like really old and totally
remember that time with us no are we
getting cross my walking stick Zimmer
frame all sortsa I still have your heels
on yeah wrinkle cream you have your
blue-rinse is the fax gone tell me that
was a fun tag
I enjoyed that if you guys want to do
another siren if you don't want to do it
I'm sorry but there is not as bad if you
if you wanted to do this tag with your
best friend then feel free to do I'm not
having anyone specific because you have
to have like someone to do it with so
I'd have the tag work so instead of
adding so-and-so what I get but if you
want to do it feel free and post it as a
video response and I will see you in the
next video I'm going to subscribe to
Becky's Channel she's talk baby talk and
she's lovely and hilarious as he will if
it helps to tell from this video see you
next time goodbye
