hey guys so it's vlogmas day 30 I can't
believe it's the end of Lagos it's
absolutely crazy but thank you so much
for all of you who have stuck with me it
has been an awesome month so today's
vlog is gonna be the last one of the
month and I thought I would do a room
tour of my room here in Portugal because
as some of you know I or as probably all
of you know if you watched the last blog
I've been in Portugal for a couple of
days with my mum so I'm gonna show you
the room that I'm staying in now the
room that I am saying in now which is
this one actually used to be my mum and
dad's room but they have moved just over
in the other room over there because I
don't know my mum just changed her mind
whether she which one she liked more
personally I really really love this
room and I'm kind of glad that they
swapped so now I can stay in it because
I think it's the prettiest room even
though the other one is bigger so this
is what the room looks like as you come
in the door and it's actually quite hard
because I'm filming on my iPhone it's
kind of quite zoomed in but this is the
bed the thing that I love most about
this room is the bed linen like the
colours because it's all done in white
and kind of like beige a soft brown
color which I absolutely love especially
this bedspread which I think is from
Zara home so yeah that is the bed and
then I really love this picture as well
behind the bed it's of a kind of reminds
me of like an old kind of fishing
village I didn't actually know where
it's from my mum got it from somewhere
presumably yeah and then little bedside
tables my shoes are there my glasses and
some Sun cream and some cables all that
stuff my bed more shoes a little
sheepskin rug and then I have a little
chair here which I usually end up
putting my dress on at the end of the
night before I hang up the next morning
because I'm usually so tired by the time
I go to bed and stripy curtains the
mirror hello and then a little
teensy-weensy bit of shopping that I've
been doing here these are actually we
went shopping today me and my mum went
this morning and I just got some Zara
jeans which they're just kind of plain
like ripped jeans which are kind of a
replacement for my others are jeans
because I put my foot through the hole
you know when you have the hole in the
need that like goes across I put my foot
through it and then I bought only want
to show you guys these actually cuz
they're really cute
I bought these Hello Kitty pajama
bottoms from a shop called I show which
I don't think we have any
but I absolutely love it and they always
do the cutest pajamas so I got these
Hello Kitty pajama bottoms which I
thought were really cute and they say
love me and give me a and then it
doesn't say anything which is kind of
odd and then I bought these workout
trousers as well which are honestly like
I like the detail here but they're
honestly the softest softest trousers in
the whole world they're just like
running capris yeah so the rest of the
room these are the wardrobes and these
are actually like the bane of my mom's
life she hates them they were in the
house when we got it so they kind of
like these slidy that I mean I can't
even fit it in the camera cuz they're so
big they're like floor-to-ceiling and
you can see some of my clothes in there
but they're just these slidy wardrobes
and I don't mind them they're pretty
practical but my mom hates them and then
in the bathroom there I am again in the
mirror research the lights on no you can
see I have all my stuff so this bathroom
has a double sink which is cool but I'm
here on my own so I've only really been
using one and then I have all my wash
stuff so I have this stuff is amazing
actually I've been trying it out it's
the Korres body butter in guava so yummy
and it kind of melts into the skin
really quickly I have mouthwash nail
polish remover deodorant toothbrush
toothpaste my last pair of contact
lenses some eye makeup remover this is
all kind of Sun care thing so this is
facial Sun care I have my SPF 50 years
Elizabeth Arden Prevage have my clarence
eye cream this is an alpha H cleanser
tester which I've been using actually
really like it smells of oranges because
it is made with orange oil which is
really nice and then this is actually
Pittsboro unclean which I decant it so I
could fit it in my little carry-on this
is actually my mum's nukes the
shimmering body oil stuff which I have
actually been using a little bit of it
since I've been here but it's really
nice and then this kind of antique Art
Deco style it's not actually antique but
it looks like it perfume thing which is
also my mom's from when she used to be
in this bathroom and then just this
which is like a travel bag and then my
makeup which I brought with me which is
kind of a lot of the stuff has actually
been in my monthly favorites this month
but then I have my bourgeois volume
glamour max Walsh with mascara
I've been using my NARS I think it's
called Sutra the classic she already
like and then a few bits and pieces my
foundation which is a little bit light
for me because I've turned a bit when
I've been here so yeah and then I have
my bikini which is trying on the other
sink this is actually one that I got
from Victoria's Secret which I really
really love I bought it when I was out
there he actually got it in January and
I didn't wear it for a long time
obviously because in January it's not
warm but I love that and then there's
lots of storage and the bathroom so if
you were living here this house was
actually built to live in rather than as
a holiday home so there's a lot of
storage which is great and then the bath
and shower here and these are actually
my mum buys from TK Maxx and kind of
leaves here so that no one has to kind
of bring shampoo and conditioner if they
don't want to or thick confident in
their hand luggage this stuff smells
amazing
yo essentials I've never heard it before
but tangerine and coconut shampoo it
smells oh my gosh so good and then these
are just a few things of mine I have a
whene cleansing conditioner sample and
then these are two little Lee Stafford
shampoo conditions which I have I
actually had last time I came out here
um and I didn't finish them so they're
still here so I've been using them this
time and then there's like a little
window there and a stack of stuff in the
toilet which you don't really want to
see and then this is actually really
cool if I take these off this is like a
coat hanger that my mum put up which
actually like is a kind of towel hook
but an actual coat hanger so you can
hang a dressing-gown up and it looks all
nice and neat and then coming back out
of the bathroom you have these double
doors which open up onto the upstairs
balcony and as you can see you have a
really beautiful view and it's a nice
summer day as well so my favorite thing
is actually the double sun beds that i
think my mom's been lying out on these
but they're amazing so yeah I'm gonna
leave you with this gorgeous view of
Portugal guys and thank you so much for
watching this month it's really meant a
lot to have you guys supporting me again
for another month I will definitely be
back before my daily vlogging commences
as vlog over in October but until then
I'll see you the next video
you
