hey guys so it's vlog it stay fair see
you we're in Portugal by we I mean me
and my mum who's driving the truck which
is making some funny noises which is one
of the reasons why she out here it's to
get it fixed because something is wrong
with it but we don't know what yet
because the thing that we thought was
wrong with it was actually not wrong
with it and now it's a little bit of a
mystery isn't it mum yeah but we're
driving it regardless we're going to the
beach today
it's actually quite early in the morning
it's perfect we were meant to leave it
like 9:00 but it's actually 10 I think
because we just got a bit delayed but we
are headed to we're gonna go out for
breakfast and then we're going to go for
a walk along the beach and then have
lunch by the beach and then we're coming
back and getting the car fixed so
hopefully we won't break down but I'm
going to show you a little bit of the
beautiful Portuguese scenery on the way
and the beach hopefully won't be too
windy I've tried to film a beach
esterday we went down there but it was
actually really really windy and when
you film especially on my phone because
I fell one with phone at the moment it
can be a little bit crazy for you guys
and not good if you're listening or a
laptop so hopefully a little bit less
windy today
and you take you along with us so we are
just sitting on the beach I have a nice
fresh orange juice we so we just how do
we better stop so how about any
breakfast yet and we realize it's a bit
later than we thought so
we've been stopped for a coffee
we're just walking down the beach on our
way to a wedding we pass a really cool
bar on the way here actually might stop
on the way back to have a cocktail on
the beach amazing but yeah so we are
just walking in the sunshine so I forgot
to film before the food came but I have
clams YUM which loads of you will think
of gross they're the ones I've eaten and
they're really tasty what did you get
and water you're being super healthy
today and a really really really really
cold diet coke yes we're just stopping
for a drink in this cute little bar it's
almost like it reminds me of a like an
old American style campervan or
something so we're just gonna stop for a
drink still a beautiful day so it's much
later now mom and I have just been
relaxing by the pool which is very very
nice it's about 6 o'clock now so it's
that perfect time in the evening where
it's nice and cool it's just not too
warm but the Sun still shining and it's
really lovely so I'm sitting here with
on a Sun bed with some natural ice tea
which is yummy
it's actually really warm now because
we've been down here for a while but has
a bit of fresh lime in it which is
really good and my Kindle now I get
loads of questions about what books I'm
reading at the moment I'm reading
delirium by Lauren Orel Oliver which it
was recommended in my Kindle book this
and I was like okay I'll give that I
read and it is really good but it's so
similar to die virgin at the moment that
I'm just kind of a bit put off by it I
don't know maybe I read Hunger Games and
divergent too close together and had too
much I don't know I like the story but
yeah it's really similar but yeah this
is the pool and the Sun is just setting
so I'll probably give you guys another
update when we're headed out for dinner
and maybe do a little outfit
but yeah so I update you in a bit hello
again so we're just about to go out for
dinner it's kind of sunset II
approaching sunset I think it's like
7:30 right now but yeah we're just
chilling out on the sofa outside with a
nice gin and tonic which is my total
favourite in the sunshine it's just
really nice and relaxing so I thought I
would do a kind of impromptu outfit of
the day as well I think I may just do
handheld just didn't show you what I'm
wearing I still have wet hair because
when I am in a hot country what I tend
to do is dry the front so that the front
is like nice and straight and then I
leave the rest just to dry naturally
because my hair she has it's weird it
doesn't have a natural curl when it
dries like over a few hours but in the
heat my hair has a real like natural
wave to it so I just leave it like that
and it looks fine so I quite like that
and also like drying your hair when it's
really hot and the hairdryer so hot it's
just awful but I'm wearing my pink and
orange Alice and Olivia dress which I
really love and I've worn this so much
since I bought it I bought it in LA and
it's flying up a little bit and I'm also
wearing my mango gold sparkly little
belt and that's it I don't actually have
any shoes on right now but I'm just
gonna be wearing my black flip-flops and
yeah then we're heading off to dinner
and there's mum there what are you
wearing today mum Massimo Dutti
maxi dress she shrunk it she used to
have to wear it with heels and now
it's a little bit short with flats at
least you're not heels person well so
yeah we're heading out for dinner now
and I will see you all tomorrow bye oh I
forgot my nails are I love these latent
any shipwrecked how cool is that color
it's like a lime kind of green pastel
lime greens love it anyway
