hey guys so it's longest day 29 and
today I'm doing my ask her video about
confidence now I tweeted last week
asking you guys if you had any questions
about confidence I wanted to do
something that was slightly back to
school specific because um I feel like
it's that kind of time of year and I
thought confidence was a great one
because the one number one thing I think
you need for back to school is
confidence now I'm filming this on my
iPad so I'm not entirely sure how it's
going to work out I apologize for the
lack of good quality normally my task
flow videos are filmed with my HD camera
but I am currently exporting footage
from it because I have to try and upload
all of my missing vocus videos before we
head off to Portugal this afternoon so
they should be on the way as I speak now
which will be after I put this up so it
kind of doesn't make sense anyway on to
the questions so number one from lippy
and mascara on twitter says how do you
gain confidence when surrounded by
gorgeous and successful people it is
difficult sometimes if say if your
friends are you know get more attention
than you if they are more successful in
their work at school if guys like them
or it can be a little bit difficult to
or it can kind of knock your confidence
a little bit but I think what you've got
to remember in that kind of situation is
what you bring to the table why you're
different why you're special and and not
necessarily compare yourself to others
as much you know as you can like it's
impossible you can't be nobody's perfect
and nobody and you know you don't want
to be somebody else like you want to be
an individual and you need to remember
why your friends are friends with you
while you're surrounded by these kind of
gorgeous successful people who obviously
like you think friends so you have to
kind of remember that everybody's
individual everybody is going to have
their strengths and their weaknesses you
might not have the longest legs you
might not have the best-looking
boyfriend you know whatever but at the
end of the day like you have some great
qualities that other people don't so you
know individuals are all different and
you can kind of compare yourself to
others too much the next question is
beauty related it comes from rodarte
rebel on twitter
asking i often get shy wearing bold
lipstick out do you have any tips for
being more confident with lip color I
definitely do because I used to be
really self-conscious when it came to
wearing bright lipstick like really bad
and over the years I found that I've got
more confident wearing it I think the
trick is to kind of introduce yourself
slowly so maybe start by buying a bright
lipstick but using it kind of dabbed on
the lips instead of just straight out
Matt bright color you can do that or you
can also try making the rest of your
makeup really neutral so try say wearing
no eyeshadow just eyeliner and mascara
obviously like foundation if you want to
wear that is kind of different but no
other color on your face apart from the
lipstick and it can look really great
and it also makes it a lot easier to
wear because it doesn't look kind of too
much apart from that I mean try wearing
around the house first when I find it it
is more scary actually wearing bright
colors like when you're out and about if
you try wearing them at home first you
kind of get a bit more used to seeing as
I've wearing them and therefore will get
a little bit more confident wearing them
so number three is from cherry on the
cake on Twitter and she asked have you
always been confident or is it something
that you've learned I wouldn't say I am
100-percent the most confident person in
the world but confidence is definitely
something that has grown for me with
time when I was a teenager I was wasn't
look half as confident as I am now I
think it's just something that you learn
how to deal with like self-confidence
issues and you kind of learn and steal
them as you get older I guess through
your experiences in your life save
something knocks your confidence you
kind of learn how to get over it and it
can be difficult and really like there
are various tips that I can give you
like you know you know try and like
realize the positives in life and things
like that but at the end of the day a
lot of it is down to experience and
sometimes you do have to be not to get
back up again so I mean I haven't always
been the most confident but I definitely
definitely have grown in confidence and
I would say if you are feeling
self-conscious and kind of not very
confident in your teens
probably something that will diminish
with time as you get older especially in
terms of actually confidence in social
situations telephoning people used to be
terrified telephoning people for some
reason and now it's just a non-issue I
think the more you do something the more
you expose yourself to something in
social situations then you know
eventually it's going to become easy and
it's kind of got to become an everyday
thing okay so number for this kind of
links into it makeup for biochem on
Twitter asks how much more confident
have you become in real life social
situations it's starting YouTube and
this is a good question because YouTube
has definitely given me a lot a lot of
confidence both in terms of my real life
and also in terms of kind of YouTube
related things when you're on YouTube
you're exposed to a lot of people
obviously and you're also exposed to
potential criticism which is never nice
but definitely getting constructive
criticism from people does help to build
your confidence in a way because the
more you learn to deal with it the more
confident you are in yourself and the
more you learn to either ignore like
negative criticism which is unlike not
constructive at all it's good to be able
to ignore it but also it's good to be
able to learn how to take constructive
criticism and use it wisely and it also
helps to build your confidence when you
do that because you know if you are
doing something better or if you learn
to make a change to something that
you're doing because of our criticism
that someone's given you then that is
just a measure of confidence in itself
because you have to be confident I think
to be able to take on criticism say okay
I'll accept that and change something
like I think that takes confidence to do
that so youtube's definitely helped me
in terms of that and being able to deal
with that in my real life also another
thing through youtube i've actually
attended quite a lot of events for
example like the Edinburgh TV festival i
attended last week i would never have
been able to go up on a panel and speak
in front of loads of people in a
basically lecture theatre before i
started youtube it would have absolutely
terrified me but now I mean I got a
little bit nervous before I went on but
it was mainly kind of butterflies I was
more kind of excited about meeting
people and actually
the questions I wasn't actually nervous
about being there at all I wasn't
nervous about meeting the people I was
on the panel with and I think that it's
something definitely changes with
YouTube putting yourself out there for
the world sorry about the gist rain will
he's moving around putting yourself out
there for the world is definitely a
daunting prospect but it seriously can
majorly help with your confidence in
terms of real life and it's definitely
something that I advocate if you're a
little bit shy and you're scared of
doing YouTube just jump in and do it and
it will seriously from my experience
anyway it's made me much much more
confident in real life okay so the final
question comes from the weezer HM 26 and
she asks how do you think you can have
the confidence to be different for
example everyone thinks it's weird that
I don't drink and this is actually an
interesting one not drinking personally
I'm inclined to say if somebody thinks
you're weird for not doing something or
doing something that you disagree with
or agree with like not drinking or not
smoking me personally I'm inclined to
just tell them to shove it because I am
like that but if you are a little bit
younger I understand when you're a
teenager is it sometimes can be really
hard with peer pressure and especially
with drinking and smoking sometimes
people like oh you're not cool because
you're not doing it and I've always been
a little bit kind of stubborn when it
comes especially when it comes to
smoking because I've always been avidly
anti-smoking even when all my friends
thought it was really cool when we have
like 15 and they're like yeah having a
cigarette and kind of don't you want one
and I'm like no gross kind of thing I've
always been quite a strong world when it
comes to that but in terms of building
your confidence to avoid situations like
that and to stop people thinking that
it's weird I definitely think you just
have to prove yourself as being equally
as fun equally as nice a person when you
don't do that and a great example of
somebody who does this amazingly well is
Jim my friend Tanya's boyfriend who's
Jimmy Baba on YouTube he doesn't drink
but he still remains to be a really fun
person to hang out with if you go out
for drinks with him or for dinner with
him or if you go out to a bar whatever
he is still a really fun guy to hang
around with him the fact that he's not
drinking like you don't even notice so I
think the whole thing if you don't make
a point of
and you don't kind of preach to people I
think it's definitely good to defend
yourself and to be able to like say if
people are mocking you for not doing I
think it's good to be kind of confident
in yourself to say because I disagree
with it but don't make a huge thing of
it don't be like oh look down on other
people for choosing to do it this is
more of a kind of like moral thing
rather than having confidence but in
terms of gaining confidence to be able
to do that I just think you really have
to have belief in yourself that your
decisions are the best for you and you
also have to just remember that like you
can't let other people dictate what you
do to your life especially when it comes
to things like things like drinking and
smoking which can be really unhealthy
for you so if you're going to let
somebody kind of effectively bully you
into doing something that you don't want
to do and it is bad for your body then
that's really bad of them and to be
honest you don't worry front of them if
they're going to do that because it's
not a cool thing to do that was a
roundabout like answer to your question
I'm really sorry it's not more direct
it's a difficult topic but i hope you
guys have enjoyed this ask Fleur video
I'm about to jet off on the aeroplane to
Portugal now but I will see you there
tomorrow and let me know if you have any
more suggestions floor floor for ask
Claire videos in the future and I will
see you next time
you
