good morning guys welcome to my Sunday
so today I have actually made the bed
I'm not super mad I just sat on the bed
to say good morning to you all I'm
having a bit of slow start this morning
I woke up quite late like 9:30 which I
know some people think for some day
that's not that late but for me I hate
waking up after 9:00 I feel like I've
lost the day it kind of stresses me out
but obviously I'm still a little bit
jet-lagged so it's fine 9:30 is fine
I've got loads of stuff to do today like
admin stuff really boring stuff I still
haven't properly unpacked so I'm
actually leaving first thing on Tuesday
mornings go back to New York with my mum
and so I need to like sort out my
packing I thought I would you say good
morning to this one first who's on the
bed hello there you are such a fusspot
you are I've also got the other two here
squeegees here and treacle is at the end
of the bed but this one as per usual is
trying to get all of the attention and
I'm wearing the most like cozy Sunday
outfit I've got my sweaty Betty black
leggings on and this is an interesting
way to do it out there today isn't it
and my Topshop
big Cody jumper because I don't think
I'm even going to be leaving now today
part from to walk dogs probably so I
thought why not do it cosy and I'm going
to go and get a coffee because otherwise
I might actually just full supposed to
make upon though I feel like it's a good
start the last two days have been a
total write-off but they're like monks
remember I still haven't shown you my
dresses so this is my current packing
situation which is not ideal but I got
three dresses from Zimmermann the first
one looks like this it's quite sexy
neckline but it's basically the
floor-length black silk version I might
try them on later and show you guys I'm
not sure entirely it depends how much
time I get that's the first one I got
and then I also got this black one which
I absolutely love which again has this
like really pretty like gold detail on
the chest and then it's down the sides
as well as you guys can see how to save
quite simple dress I think it's quite
classic so I really really love that and
all of these were like 50% off plus and
then I got the same dress as a black one
but in this beautiful like minke color
and this is a short version of it's very
very creased because it got squashed in
my suitcase so I need to steam it but
this is going to be my like go to
wedding dress this year I think because
I've got lots of weddings so there the
dresses I got from Zimmermann the
packing situation it needs to just
happen really because I mean I'm like
half unpacked from the last trip but I
was going to different outfits so yeah I
need to sort this out later I'm leaving
at coffee first
sounds to me like someone's already in
the kitchen morning love would you like
some tea brilliant idea
um Mayer had Saborio Kendall why doesn't
people have very similar get a clue
wait hang on which candle did you borrow
what was of it before my gypsy candle
the dog poo well it's a lighter can I
give you chief candle instead Mike stole
my dipped heat candle to get rid of the
dog poo smell I'm confiscating this one
this one is definitely a better option
for dog poo Mike this actually does
smell really really good but it's a
little bit more get rid of that extra
wick it's a little bit more potent so
far somebody works on midnight blue
citrus it smells really good but yeah
it's going to do the job better and it's
not crazy expensive it sequence I don't
normally do like like post videos and my
opening close but I got sent this book
by the people at Def Jam you know I did
a video about Jesse em couple weeks ago
so the guys that sent me this book along
with a couple of other things to say
thank to you which is so kind of them
and they didn't need to because yeah
whatever really kind of them and I just
want to show you this because it's so
awesome is good the big book of chic and
it is the most gorgeous
Interiors book I'm like obsessed with it
as you guys know I've just moved how I'm
going to be getting I love it
constant inspiration from this sale my
coffee table love it
Oh
maybe I'm getting old but interior
design work so beautiful let's point out
to you my cavity is yet to arrive oh yes
held me off for not making MP here we go
he is happening coffee is happening to
me
you ungrateful get what you like we're
mighty well I got something near the
other day and you split up as well so
that sister fast are you good cat have
you been drinking up the tab
what are you doing that's not your water
bowl you cheeky monkey does anyone
else's car do this
she always wants a drink of this you're
going like five minutes later to posture
drink out of the water ball I'm
currently watching The BFG which Mike
just said sounds like me in the morning
very well Omer anything vlogs which I'm
super behind uploading sorry guys
Piggy's here cuddling
which is here cuddling living perhaps
watching would be st as well and that
treacle where she gone trickles
evacuated because he keeps farting like
was the worst dog part you've ever smell
in your life she's got some problems I
think she might need guys like Mike
she's like stinking out the entire room
with her stinky dog far talk good looks
really the worst I've ever smelled so
truthful have you got problems
Oh tricky not coming on here by the fire
guys when you're late it was exposure oh
my goodness Ricky have you got some gas
love Oh
it's also really weird watching BFG
because I love the original version when
I was a kid flash was really terrified
of it at the same time so it's weird
watching the knee bone and I wanted to
watch our ages haven't got round to it
you guys seen it what you think just
about to you do my night time skincare I
thought I would tell you why I'm using
tonight because I'm nice
I'm going to be taking my makeup off
with my Sarah Chapman's Canisius my face
then I'm going to using my ordinary
retinol serum and my Azumi a retinol eye
gel which is a new product which has
been trying for the past week or so and
then I'm going to be using my Erin Rose
night table Queen which is Miss amazing
texture so I can overnight mask as well
but it smells like roses just a really
really gorgeous texture so that is what
I'm using is evening
the skin feels totally amazing right now
just got my few days and I'm going to
bed and I'm actually watching West world
which Mike's watched already when I was
away but he really liked me he's like
I'm up for watching again so I watched
the first episode on the plane in the
day and we've been trying to watch it
before I don't know if I've logged or if
it was during a vlogging one so
basically like Mike put it on an I fell
asleep during the first episode so then
whenever he had it on after that I
didn't really understand it and I was
like I don't want to watch I don't
understand it but I'm getting into it
and I'm one episode two and I know I'm
lay on the uptake but I'm enjoying it is
going to be a day I'm gonna go to bed
well and like already kind of half in
bed
but listen death getting down on well
right now
sorry game distracted I hope this
weekend haven't been too boring for you
guys I feel like my vlogs have been
pretty like chilled out just because
I've been chilling out and it's been
really nice just to be at home and do
literally nothing like I should have
done more than I have done I had a load
of editing students weekend I've already
gotten so behind on my vlogs just
because I've been chilling out with Mike
but at the same time like I hope you
guys understand that I was also
important in life
chillin with Mike considering I was away
last weekend I'm away next week too so
yeah what's going on hope you guys
understand and I'll see you tomorrow
