hey guys so it's vloggers day 28 and
today I'm at my parents house just
chillin mike has gone it's actually
evening now I've been filming videos all
morning so nothing to report there but
Mike's gone to watch Villa play which is
Aston Villa his football club that he
supports very boring so he's not gonna
be back till really late so I decided to
try it for dinner with my mom who's
there and dad who's outside doing some
gardening he type thing what's he doing
spraying weeds yeah he loves all that
kind of stuff he loves it but yeah so
weird here mum is cooking what you're
cooking linguine linguini what are you
putting what are you putting in
ratatouille that was a trap to me yeah
it is this is a giant pot as well mom
you're cooking for three people you've
got issues mum you're an overcomer look
at mums funky new necklace that she's
got she's really trendy I love this how
cool is this
it's an antique what is it mama clock
winder that's a clock binder trumpet
Bob's phones cute isn't it what's that
jingles it's like a rattle yeah it was
attached together
okay Marin is supposed to be on a kebab
watch so my mom's really cool very cool
I thought check out my trendy mum
but yeah I've just been kind of doing a
lot of filming today we're actually
going away to Portugal tomorrow me and
this lady for a couple of days last
minute because you know do some jobs mom
and dad I've got a house out there so we
are kind of packing up on this show it's
on us yeah we're gonna take you guys
with us but I think one day because
we're leaving tomorrow which is the 29
and then yes yes 31st and then it's the
end of August and also I'm doing a ask
Levitt ask Fleur videos as tomorrow's
video because I'm gonna film it in the
morning
we leave because we've got kind of a
late flight so yeah we're taking with us
for the two days that were there and you
can see what you think hopefully it's
gonna be sunny right we're gonna put
this on now linguini we're gonna put the
linguini on and we'll see you when it is
done and I'm gonna eat it I'm hungry
so dinner is ready check out this tasty
the feast if I ever saw one looks yummy
candlelit dinner naked lady in the
background always romantic mom always
says that whenever anyone who comes in
here she's like it's not me the naked
lady is not me so it is late at night
right now I have been editing a couple
of videos that I film today for my
beauty channel one of which is my August
favorites which I need to upload before
we go away tomorrow because the internet
connection where we're staying is like
really bad so it's even worse than it is
here and it takes like 10 hours to
upload a video here so my video is
exporting now which is gonna take about
an hour so I thought I would finish off
my vlog now I don't know whether you
guys would want to your packing video so
I just figured hey I'll do one anyway I
have my stuff that I'm gonna wear
tomorrow down here and I'm gonna head
upstairs
I think might might be in bed so let's
wake him up haha so here we are can you
spot him he hiked east and away
literally like you haven't even taken
the cushions off the bed silly
you're watching Inbetweeners mm-hmm so
just laid out all my stuff for packing
and I have to try and get all of this
stuff into my little Kipling bag on a
side note this Kipling very actually got
as a birthday gift from Mike's mom like
a few years ago the best bag for
traveling like with a carry-on because
it's the perfect size but it also has an
expander which you can use if you don't
have to like fit within the little
trolley thing that's just perfect anyway
I love that bag so
I am taking with me I have two kind of
smart evening dresses we're only going
for five days so I haven't taken too
much stuff and also they have an amazing
Zara in Portugal near where we stay so
we tend to buy stuff that's moving
because Mike is moving underneath it we
tend to buy stuff one where they're like
me and my mom have a little bit of a
shopping Zara shopping habit when we're
out on holiday but I'm taking my -
Alison Olivia dresses with me my lime
green one and my pink and orange one
partly because these are really summery
and it's probably gonna be the last time
this summer that I actually get to wear
them I'm sure I will wear them in winter
but probably won't look quite so cool
and then I have this like chiffon II
cover up which is from ASOS which I got
last year and I really like it it's just
like the perfect kind of shape to wear
over your bikini then I have another
dress from ASOS which was a gift from my
sister last year for my birthday which I
love you can wear it over a bikini it's
because it's sheer you can wear it as
like a cover-up or you can put a nude or
black slip under it and actually wear it
as a dress - and then I have this river
island bright dress which I got at the
beginning of this summer I think I see
and yeah it's just to wear in the
daytime and stuff and then I'm also
taking with me my white shorts which
need an iron before I go and then my
gold kind of shimmery tank top and I'm
also taking this scarf which can be used
as a scarf but it's also really big so
you can use it as a sarong this was like
a limited editions Burt's Bees thing
that they did with the designer which is
really gorgeous like graphic print I'm
taking this little nightie with stars on
which I bought the other day actually
it's really really hot out there at
night because the house doesn't have
air-conditioning so pajamas are not
gonna fly so I've got this little kind
of nightie having my tea makes me feel
quite grannyish but it was really pretty
with the stars on it I love stars and
then I have a woof which I'm taking with
me now I'm not taking one and then I
have three bikinis so I have my jus
secured yellow bikini which I love then
I have my
see fully like dark pink bikini which I
also love and then surprise surprise I
also love this one too this wolfy get
your mitts off this is my Victoria's
Secret one which I bought when I was in
LA so yeah they're my three bikinis and
yeah so that is all stuff I'm taking
with me it doesn't seem like a lot for
five days really but like I said I'm
sure I'll buy a couple of things when
I'm out there and we also have a washing
machine so like I can wash stuff so I'm
pretty limited on the amount of space
because we're not taking checks in
baggage my glasses like super Wiggly I
need to get the screws tightened we're
not taking checked in baggage and I take
like my laptop everywhere with me and
I'm also gonna take my iPad or my Kindle
huh so I'm kind of like a half anyway
suitcase with electronics cuz I'm just a
geek um yeah that is it for today guys
all right I'm gonna actually I'm not
gonna hit the hay I am gonna head back
downstairs and carry on editing videos
which really sucks accessories half past
midnight now but yeah I'll see you all
tomorrow
