hey guys so it's flog estate when t7 and
I'm still in London with these two
monkeys are you being naughty is he
funny P is he funny how old are you
speak today one two you're two now did
you have a nice party yesterday was it
fun dressing as a pirate very cute so
yeah we've just been chilling in London
it's actually been my sister Hannah's
birthday which has been really cool yeah
but we've just been throwing videos
pretty much all day the bridal channel
because I'm not going to be in London
next week so we had to kind of get the
video film for next week too but it's
been good I think me and my headed back
home this evening which is I felt like
they haven't been home in ages coz we've
been and I feel like my vlogs have been
constantly in the car which well they
have been constantly in the car because
we've just been on the road for the last
like week so I'm excited to get home and
kind of chill out so it's been a really
good back holiday though these guys are
making a lot of noise on this trampoline
this was spikes birthday present and
it's pink Oh
not because spike is a girl but because
some reason the pink one I think Hannah
said it was like half price and the blue
one was double so she's just like we can
have a pink trampoline please boyish
enough to rock that so yeah I'll leave
these two bouncing and I'll see you at
home so guys we are on the road again
seriously we're on the road again can
you believe it I actually think we spent
about 50% of our lives for the last week
in a car
not good times in case you're wondering
what this big white furry mound on my
lap is oh yeah it's worth I was high
there she is oh yes and she refused to
move so I'm vlogging from my iPhone I
mean my iPad my new iPad is very
exciting I'm loving having it as an
update for you guys I think it's awesome
and what if he's licking my hand and
it's really awkward Mike's driving
you're right there son and yeah we also
I'm really excited to get home actually
because we've been away for too ruddy
long - ruddy long so we're off home it's
actually really late I wanted to leave
at like 3 p.m. but the videos I was
filming with my sister ended up taking
absolutely ages because I ended up
having to edit them export them and
upload them at her house because our
internet connection is redonkulous I
know redonkulous it's not a word but
there is not a word in the dictionary
that describes how faster internet
connection is a 10 hour video at my
house will take 10 minutes of hers so I
figured it would save me like a hold
2025 hours a whole day pretty much a
video uploading if I played from her
look how cute with his high movie she's
looking at someone in the car next door
she's gonna Jack him up yes I'm sorry
the vlogs and for the last few days and
then I don't know like I've had a few
people saying why are you always
vlogging in the car like quite honestly
like we have been in the car so much and
I wanted to do a I wanted to do like
more kind of ask Fleur wolf is trying to
dig a hole in the pit stop trying to dig
a hole in the carpet with you're
freaking me out and yeah I wanted to
film more like Oscar videos or tag
videos and stuff so I'm trying to
incorporate a few of those but literally
our life has been
like car journey upon car journey if I'm
car journey for the last week so please
don't complain like I'm trying to vlog
but there's just so many car journeys in
my life I can't help but vlog in the car
yeah so that was pretty much it for
today I had an awesome day just chilling
with my sister and filming with her it's
really fun and I can't wait you need to
see the videos that we filmed because
they're going to be cool and I will
touch base again with you all when we
get home just to see if it's still there
we haven't been there and so on it may
have like washed away in a flood or
something you never know but probably
not pretty sure it's still there sorry
about the bumpy roads there are speed
bumps in London goodbye we're finally
home home home home home home and it is
absolutely chucking it down with rain I
think it's one of those evenings where
you can just lie in bed and hear the
rain on the roof like coming down and
and and here is the matter of the
driving at our I think the hibernating
cuz it's raining so hard they're
probably hiding in their room in their
home was I sleeping taking a bridle step
right guys I'm tired so I'm going to bed
Ebers but I will see you all tomorrow
for August day 28
soon it could be love mas you know I've
got another one between that don't know
I don't know we've got vlog Tober the
vlog Toba and then we've got blog much
blog this is my favorite vlogging months
because it's Christmas obviously
obviously yes a guy sees war by
you
