hey guys so it's vloggers day 26 and
today is the day of spa spice second
birthday and spike is having a princess
as in pirates themed party and while
he's asleep before he wakes up and all
his friends come we're all dressing up
so I'm wearing a it's actually more like
a fairy can you do the honors like it's
actually a little bit more like a fairy
than a princess but this is my outfit
I'm the only princess so might as I've
seen Paris and Pirates we're just making
all the boys and my wit this is before
we're gonna do a little bit of fun oh
yeah you are oh yeah come on everyone
else is doing it you've gotta be flirty
for sit sit boy
dodge it smudgy smudge
let's give us a look what is it like
glue together poking poking your face of
the porcupine check out what else spikes
going on in his party this is just so
awesome we're actually can't get over a
tin of Capri Suns I've got some pirate
pirate napkins here pirate plates pirate
spoons pirate cups Oh a pirate and my
mum bunting the homemade bunting if you
want to know how to make bunting we just
put a video up on our Bridal channel
which is obviously you can have it for
your wedding or you can have for a
pirate party check this bad boy out
this is Spike's birthday cake no Mike
Hannah made this it's a I believe it's
actually red velvet insides it's red
which is extra priority and these are
Kit Kats YUM
Smarties and gold coins in the middle so
it's like a pirate treasure chest with
like the jewels and the coins stripy
pirate more pirate stuff pirate cupcakes
and then there's some princess middle
ones with pink Smarties on the bottom
but to be honest personally I think the
princess element is being really really
underdone at this party because I'm the
only princess so far which is
unacceptable check this out party bags
in a pirate chest but apparently adults
don't get them for sure and the main man
himself is spiky where's your hat the
main man himself is otherwise occupied
playing right now but when he has this
full outfit on I'll show you because it
is hilarious and we have some pirate
nurse behind us
general more pirates we've got Captain
Jack Sparrow yes
we've got Captain Pugwash
which which kind of captain here
jebediah how old are you today - happy
birthday just be okay you are shiver me
timbers hello guys so the party is we
aren't princess some pirates anymore
very sadly it's quite late now we
actually had a bit of a crazy afternoon
it's gone really quickly today as much
yes I totally forgot how mental kids
parties are there's so many sweets and
like sugary drinks and like chocolate
bars and just cake and everything that
you have total like what I did anyway
because I ate love the chocolate and
stuff
I had a total sugar and then totally
crashed and like passed out on the zone
for half an hour just in my princess
outfit sweets
I don't even that often so I was like I
went a bit crazy it was like being high
or something I don't know it was weird
correctly I went cray-cray seriously
sweets and me it was bad news bad news
did you have a nice time very good still
have a little bit of eyeliner under that
eye there you've got really long
eyelashes shut your eyes look at the
length of his eyelashes any girls
watching this how jealous are you right
now his eyelashes a literally like
amazing you couldn't wish for better
eyelashes and the amount of times I've
tried to curl them and put mascara on
them and he just won't let me I'm like
please I just want to see how long they
would get with mascara but he won't let
me yes but the fact that you put makeup
on me like we had to force you I mean
you guys were not seen in the vlog we
had to like hold them down it's
uncomfortable it's like everybody's
you're like oh no I'm not used to it and
it freaks me enough have you stay still
it's not half as bad the others were
fine might put up such a fuss but it was
really fun actually like it's crazy
thing that spikes too terrible to
actually really exciting as well cuz I
haven't mentioned this in the vlog
because I didn't know whether my brother
actually like wanted me to say anything
but I asked him the other day and he
said it was cool but my brother and his
wife are actually expecting a baby so
that's really awesome and we found out
the other day that it's gonna be another
little boy so exciting starter exciting
it's jus at the beginning of next year
so it's not gonna be here for a while
but yeah exciting stuff so we're gonna
be an auntie or uncle again take two
take two t take 2 that's 4
just 2 1 & 2 what about 1 1 take 2 no
you meant to do one no y'all stupid
right I'm tired now so I'm gonna go to
bed you're gonna watch James Bond of
course James Bond's on TV that's get
someone to flush the flashing flash
flash flashing the only chips one I've
ever really watched of the new ones
no I was good good good good like I just
go then we're supposed to be swapped
they're always on TV I like Christmas
and stuff and I've just never actually
like watch them I just get bored and
fall asleep or just turn it off right
guys we will see y'all tomorrow good bye
good bye
you
