hey guys so it's vlogmas day 25 and it
is the evening now and today I thought I
would tell you all about a very special
purchase that I made today I bought an
iPad I'm so excited about it I've wanted
an iPad for ages and if you guys watch
my vlog from yesterday the day before I
actually looked given a case when I went
to the Edinburgh TV festival and it was
kind of one of those things where you're
like when you've wanted something for
ages and it just kind of pushed me over
the edge because I was like no I have a
case for it and it kind of like made me
justify buying it which is bad I know I
didn't buy an iPad just because I had
the case but I have an iPad so I thought
I would show you all like my iPad and
the apps that I've downloaded for it
because I tweeted about it
earlier today or and last night I think
about wanting to get it and what you
guys thought and I actually had so much
interest about which one I bought
through my contact lenses going crazy I
had a lot of interest about which one I
bought and what apps I was gonna
download and things like that so I
thought I would give you a little tour
of my iPad so without further ado here
it is so here is my iPad and it has a
picture of me wilfy and Mike in the
background which we just took and I got
the white version the newest iPad I
think is it the iPad 2 or the iPad 3 I
remember but I got the biggest memory
one because I make videos on YouTube I
find I max out the memory capacity of
like every single thing that I use so I
just got the biggest one and on the
first page I just have most of the apps
that come with it along with like a
weather app and a calculator and just
general kind of ad mini stuff and then
on the next page I have all my YouTube
and Internet stuff so anything that I
use kind of social media wise
I have Facebook which is pretty
self-explanatory Google+ which I haven't
actually used yet I mainly got it
because it links into the blogger app
which I'll get onto in a minute then I
have wunderlist which is amazing for
making lists like the most useful app in
the world I love it for my iPhone is he
actually even better for the iPad
because it's bigger and it gives you
kind of more options and split allows
you to split the screen as well so I
might just go a bit closer here and then
I have a planet HD which is an agenda
app
you see it a little bit today and kind
of got to grips with it and it seems
really good I think it's either free or
like two pounds or something it's not
overly expensive for a planner anyway
and then blog loving which is free
wonder list is free as well by the way
dog loving which is my favorite way to
follow blogs like by far the app for
iPads isn't great because it's the same
one for iPhones so it's kind of like a
bit stretched which is kind of annoying
so if anyone from blog loving watches
this please make a big I pad app which
is awesome because I love the site
iMovie is obviously self explanatory
it's why you said it my videos I don't
know how much I'm going to use it on my
iPad I don't use the one on my phone
because it's virtually impossible but I
feel like the iPad might be better
YouTube which comes with it and then I
have to like collage apps I have pic
stitch and pic collage now the one I
have on my phone I believe is pic frame
which is different to these two but
these two are free and the other one is
not free so I thought I would download
them to have a try but I haven't used
them yet so I can't really comment on
how those work then I have an app called
racoon acute which is a photo editing
app along with pic effects so I'm going
to show you like a few more features for
these because I get asked a lot of
questions about what I use to edit my
videos in instagramming this is one of
them okay so this is raccoon acute and i
just taken this picture of me mic and
woof from earlier today and as you can
see you can just take the picture and
then you can write on it you can put
still let's put some stamps on it so
let's put a bow in wolfies ear i don't
quite know how this is gonna work but
I'm just showing you like how things
that you can do with this and then so
you can do stamps they also have roll
stamps so you can put kind of hearts
around make it all romantic or not and
then they also have like one touch
screen things so you can do different
effects it's really cool and you can
adjust the lighting you can crop it all
sorts of stuff like that and it's really
fun if you want to edit apps in like a
kind of fun cutesy way
I really like it it isn't cheap I think
it's like 169 and then you have to pay
like you can buy different sets of
stickers and stuff which you have to pay
for the Pens are pretty cool as well
like if you want to write and they have
all these different kind of style pens
so you can say we want to draw a heart
you can do that and then it does it for
you
which is kind of cool so that is really
cute and then with pick effects it
allows you to add kind of more serious
effects to your pictures so this is the
same picture with like paint peel on it
or you can change it to look like paint
dogs or females like ruffle paper
there's an old book you can add
different like scratching scratch
textures you can add vintage filters to
it just to change the way it looks it's
kind of like Instagram but enhance so
you can add loads of different stuff to
it which is really cool and that was
actually the recommendation from Ingrid
or mist family I think that's what she
uses to edit a lot of her pictures on
Instagram and then I have Instagram
pretty self-explanatory pic collage
which I said before blogger which
actually isn't good just in terms of
functionality it just really doesn't
work that well and then I have this app
which is called blogger pack which I
really wouldn't recommend I downloaded
it like as soon as I got it because I
was like I want a decent blog app and
that it's just really glitchy I've tried
to use it a couple of times today and it
just keeps on like restarting or failing
and you just end up losing all the work
you've done which just it's really
annoying when you're writing a blog post
then I have a fun page so I have ITV
player for odie BBC iPlayer for watching
films or not films but like shows and
stuff and all that I do that that often
but I figure when you do want to watch
like old shows then it's good to have
them and then IMDB I'm one of those
people if I watch a film and there's
somebody in it but oh like I can't
remember what these last been in and it
will really annoy me so I am DP app
that's kinda useful and then I have
Nessa Forte the Outernet and a sauce
which are three of my favorite places to
shop online and they have good apps so I
downloaded those and then I have hungry
house which is a food downloading at
which my sister told me to download but
I haven't tried it yet so you know about
that and then I have the not wedding
planning app which I know if I'm you
yeah which looks like that and we
actually were playing around with this
in the car today and it it looks ok
functionality-wise it seems a little
glitchy again but the whole concept and
the layout is really cool so yeah that
is it for my iPad yes so that's a little
tour of my iPad guys I hope you enjoyed
this video I'm sorry if it's boring if
you don't like iPads or if you don't
have an iPad but definitely please
please please tell me all your
recommendations for iPad apps if you
have one because I would love to know
and hear what you have to say and which
apps you like and which you don't yeah
apart from that I will see you tomorrow
for spikes pirate and princesses party
which I am very excited about Mike
actually decided that he wouldn't know
as a princess in the end if you guys
watched my vloggers from like last week
I was talking to when I went to stay
with my sister she was like oh you know
like we should switch it around I should
come as a pirate like Mike should come
as princess but he refused so I'm doing
his princess and mike is go as a pirate
so if you want to see that make sure you
check back tomorrow and I will see them
you
