hello there guys it's loggers day 23 and
it's our second day in editor and we are
off into town
we are just Billy Billy beneath the
castle now this is the kind of not the
best looking side of the castle though
but we're gonna walk through I think
it's like gonna walk through the castle
like ground thing but it makes me a
little bit scared I don't quite know how
you get in it I think it might be there
could be people actually really see it
from the other side but we just walked
all the way through but ground the edge
in the garden there's pretty roses and
Scotland has talent
Larry oh you can't see it from here this
has got a big sign on the stage that
says Scotland has talent no I still
can't see we are just on our way back to
a shop that was spied last night that
sells where the wild things are t-shirts
because in case you notice Mike likes is
where the wild things t-shirts are but
they where there were things are
t-shirts totally messed that one up but
you can't seem to find them anywhere
like you bought them in hm or two years
ago Joe oh the one that we got for spike
this from H&M yeah yes we got them from
Colin barren porch were like two years
ago and since then we have enough to
find anything like that where online or
anything so we saw some in shop window
last night but we think they might be
women's so we are on a mission to track
them down
that is the t-shirt in question guys but
as we expected they only have women's
see how she gave us a car that
that we went into actually have a
printing shop so we might be have to get
my printer you said they're pretty
reasonably priced so Mike sounded to me
sounded like I can't even speak today
it's all over the shop all over the shop
but we are just off to the panel now
which I'm a bit nervous about I think it
might be like I feel a bit queasy if I
think my nerves or it could have been a
dodgy oyster last night not entirely
sure either way I'm not really feeling
up under said that hopefully once for
their kind of hello again guys so we
just got back from the TV festival where
I did my panel and it was actually
really really good it was held by the
guy from The Gadget Show the presenter
called Jason Bradbury who we are both
actually a big fan of because it's
pretty much when the only TV shows that
I watch partly because I like it partly
cuz my watch is it and he loves it so it
was awesome to meet him and he was
honestly such a nice guy like I was
expecting to me rise because he looks
like a nice guy but he was really cool
and he said Mike was handsome and we
also got to meet Jamal Edwards who is
the guy behind SB TV which was really
cool such a nice guy I hadn't really
come across his stuff that much before I
like I already knew who was he was the
guy that was in the Google Chrome effort
which was awesome and when I saw that on
TV oh oh my god there's a huge Herber on
the Google advert but apart from that
like I hadn't really like looked into
him too much but such a nice and
interesting guy and yeah quite inspiring
too he's done so much and he's one was
twenty two tomorrow so happy birthday or
is it the weekend
closes its close anyway happy birthday
tomorrow if you see there's probably not
gonna watch it but if you do all you
guys can say happy birthday to him
because he's a very nice guy
we are just about to go off for dinner
we've actually spent like half an hour
just like anyway of downtown because
it's kind of a crazy thing to go to that
TV festival it was way amazing to be
part of something like that and for the
fact that um to be recognised as a
youtuber at a festival like that is
pretty incredible so
yeah it was awesome we are going to the
honors in Edinburgh for dinner tonight
and hopefully it won't be as cozy as it
was last night so they might be able to
actually show you what we're eating
because it would have been so awkward
last night it was like candlelit and
there was like one of the couple in the
section that we were sitting in so
hopefully we'll see in a bit Oh also
I've got this awesome they gave us a
goodie bag which contains lots of like
free pens and a notebook and stuff like
that but check this out it's a youtube I
pad case like a really nice red leather
iPad case and which happens to be kind
of good timing because I'm thinking
about buying an iPad why do you need one
when I've got one because I'm not always
with you am i I said because I tried to
borrow that before and Mike is like no
you can't borrow its first ones the day
because I need it to watch my TV shut
your eyebrow is crazy crazy oh he does
is to annoy me so I'm you're not being
in the video right guys we'll see her
dinner look at his mouth it's so big you
want to cut the egg now I stopped you
from cutting the eggs
it smells good and the waitresses are
looking at us like we're crazy
my god Donna moister this is the
restaurant it's quite snazzy it's a
little bit
happiness feel sick these oysters look
tasty that like the meatiest oysters I
never seen so many how's the steak Mike
oh I've got steak - so guys noisy bus I
start rocking just as a noisy bus comes
fast we've just left the restaurant and
it was really really good and delicious
like it was delightful and now we are
making the fairly long trek back to our
hotel well it's amazing you up there can
you see it
yeah so yeah it's just starting to rain
there which is kind of annoying on my
eyes as little dry I need my eye drops
you can always tell when it's late and
I'm vlogging I'm like well though it's
not actually that late it's like 9
o'clock look at Mike's really manly
umbrella you're so manly right now okay
well you don't get any umbrella than my
how not to umbrella courtesy of
Sainsbury's well not curtain seal we had
to buy it but you know we bought it from
Sainsbury's um so yeah heading back up
to the hotel it's been like I feel
absolutely shattered today because it's
been such a kind of overwhelming
experience but an awesome one
nonetheless she quite chilly as well I'm
starting to see the colder side of
Scotland right now but we might show you
some of the
cool scenery on the way if we see any
which appreciate we want because it's a
pretty epic view over the castle right
there I wish you can actually see this
better but it's getting a little bit
dark but it's kind of creepy looking do
you think Edinburgh is kind of like
scary looking I'm getting quite scared
we're walking back through this and that
we were following some people not
following them but like we were behind
them and quite like to catch them off if
Michael hurry up and finish this picture
because it's actually quite creepy and I
feel like am I getting mugged Mike
you're not taking any more pictures
goodness what is he doing what kind of
technique is this my bouncing bouncing
the light of your hands yeah it didn't
look it went from this like unvisible
from what I okay can you see it or not
yeah okay unvisible invisible oh that's
what my phone looked like anyway no no
no no no hello guys so I forgot to
finish vloggers yesterday I know I'm
rubbish but Mike who just called it vlog
vlogmas didn't you he's like if you
finish up my last night I was like ah so
we are just about to leave our hotel
I'll go Lammers hotel and we are heading
down to Manchester which I'm really
excited about because we are gonna be
staying with our friend Ben who we never
see very often do we really well you've
seen him quite a lot recently but I
never see him and it should be nice and
fun and we may go for a mosey around
Manchester was afternoon because I don't
think he's gonna be back till later is
he so we may go for them peruse of
Manchester so she sent her and this is
back in your old neck of the woods in it
hey Mike's actually from up north no
Manchester so well originally like seven
or eight years ago so he kind of knows
his way around the town which is cool
and I love Manchester it's very
cosmopolitan its cosmopolitan it's
regenerated as they would like to say
it's quite snazzy there's lots of good
shots there so we are off to see the
Wizard
The Wonderful Wizard of Manchester and I
will see you in vlogmas longest vlogmas
day 24 which will be today bye
