hey guys so it's flawless day 22 and I
am here at this stinky base and we are
on our way to Edinburgh we'll go to
Scotland and we're going on a mega road
trip and we are about ten minutes in to
our 500 our four six-hour journey and it
started raining first broadcast this
cool thing on the windscreen in this car
it's worth the freedom then it makes the
droplets of water like just fall away
from the car museum you see the moving
very cool that's cool I like it but we
are on our way up to Edinburgh because
I'm actually gonna be speaking on a
panel as that it is called the Edinburgh
television first of all or something as
a TV so on TV but it's a festival for
people who work in TV and I am on a
panel about social media which is really
exciting books are very scary because
there are some other people on the panel
that are way more experienced and
knowledgeable and generally probably
much more intelligent than me but it
will be a fun thing to do anyway and I'm
really excited we're going to Edinburgh
where she's staying up there for a
couple of days so we're driving up today
staying up
Wednesday night Thursday 9 they were
going back before the weekend then it
spiked and my sister Hannah's birthday
they do their birthday through a data
problem so that's what's happening this
weekend the only problem is a family
lunch yeah it's about war two o'clock
you get hungry and these are the only
snacks that we have I remember talking
about wine gums once before with them
I remember it was in a video but I don't
think they have these in America but
they're very tasting it non-alcoholic
that was out so obvious to anyone who's
hitting them they are not alcoholic but
yeah tasty Swedes but I don't want these
for my lunch when we start off your a
while mike says we can't stop for food
till 4:30 including free
something very weird with this picture
we're on the motorway oh what's that
crusade on the bridge oh just a lot of
cows
we're in Scotland and the Sun has come
out look at this amazing
actually that's a fence uh-huh that's my
new fella so for some scenery going
right now all you're doing is taking
place the road wait till we get to the
top of the hill then wait for it wait
for it
scenery seemed to me I like it I like it
Scotland's actually pretty sunny today
really really cool I can't wait to get
Sanabria because I can't afford to be in
the car right now I did manage to edit
some video so it was have been in the
car I managed to you I filmed it all but
yeah this morning with this jumper that
I'm wearing which did I put this in the
blog reading gossip sucks it's a new
world for Shumpert I'm going to call
from a source what else did I do
right I didn't get a chance to edit the
last two days of August because my not
to run a country but hopefully there
will be up tonight and I'll be back on
schedule have some snacks
we ate the wine guns and we now have
some soft mints quite tasty
and I should know that soft they just
soft compared to other types of mr.
technical definition of soft winter but
yeah we're about an hour out of a t-rex
35 miles but it says it can take an hour
I think is exaggerated person an average
of 35 miles an hour
see you Mike I'll be impressed if you go
guys
so we're just coming in to Edinburgh it
looks a little something for I got this
right now the weather is actually really
nice it's been so nice driving since we
got off the motorway I don't know what
the views I've never driven into town
I've only ever got a train so I don't
know whether we can expect an amazing
you but this is kind of whatever looks
like the architectures kind of Ronis
yes you can sing it too but yeah it's
pretty cool actually up here is very
distinctive apart from this building in
front of us which is really not distinct
what is distinctive but not in a good
way
check it out guys if you can see out
there in the distance so it's a bit
bumpy the roads are pretty bad it's the
car so I'm sure we'll get a close-up
shot of it as she can't see it now
where's he gone
it's gone I'm sure we'll see it in a
second the iPhone was not fast enough
when it came to getting its camera but
yeah we're coming into the old part oh
you can see like no you can't say it
already
well that was oh I was gonna say focus
has been heavy on the castle front in my
opinion we went to Windsor Castle about
two weeks ago and now we are so will
most probably go to ezra castle I would
think tomorrow and have a little nauseam
vlog and around it and I don't know if
you can get it open I know it's an army
barracks some of it at least so I don't
know if you can go in it or not but if
you can we probably will so we have just
checked into our hotel and cook sweets
no ugly pretty amazing but I thought I
would do a quick outfit of the evening
we are going for a kind of semi smart
semi casual dinner
I actually underestimated how Chee it
would be an evening so I'm not wearing
out for I planned but I am wearing my
scarf which I bought in San Cisco which
I love my toys go off and then I'm
wearing my new wild Fox gossip sucks
jumper which was wearing earlier in the
car as well my move are leather jacket
from London Fashion Weekend bargain and
my ripped jeans which are from Zara
they're from the TRF bit of Zara cheap
there and then my new shoes which should
be up in my whole video by the time this
video has
my Isabel Marant wannabe wench trainer
things which are a bit stylish for me
really but I'm really liking them and I
want the real ones really comfortable
and then my Chanel bag yeah I know
Chanel bag the trainers but it's the
only bag I brought and that is that they
were just walking to the restaurant okay
then it went on Victoria Street which
looks a little something like this and
it was pretty cool what do you think my
first impressions you liked it
I'll keep something up in my face oh we
should do it now it was actually quite
funny idea it was just every few minutes
just be like I want to show you them as
well the shop as Christmas shop and it's
open so we might go and find and see if
it really is it's a bit windy sorry guys
if it really is Christmas inside the
shop check it out you ever need to feel
Christmassy here you are guys just
Imagineering Christmas right now
we bought something in the Christmas
shop girls subscribers came up and we
were following them in the street and
they said around they're like - and then
they were too shocked to say any things
I was like and then they kind of run off
and then one of them followed us into
the shop and we're really sorry
we're really shy can you sign this folks
it's tomorrow when the panel
that we
sorry chef alcohol
that's up yeah we put a little Christmas
tree ornament memento anniversary this
weekend so I'm gonna write my Edinburgh
2012 five years of something cheesy this
is where we're eating it's called the
grain store and apparently it's meant to
be good but it's upstairs I think you
guys so I just realized I forgot to end
the vlog I'm here in my dressing gown
Mike's actually in bed there should open
up no night
yeah we're hitting the hay now because
it's been a very long day but we had an
amazing meal at the grain grain store
it's a graceful amazing service there
was so nice in there and the food was
actually incredible it was pretty pricey
but I definitely recommend it if you
want to go for a nice meal out in
Edinburgh that is it for today we will
see you tomorrow we're doing a bit more
sightseeing and kind of Edinburgh around
about in the daytime because we got here
at like 7 o'clock so over we pretty much
missed most of the day but we will see
you tomorrow bye
you
