hey guys so it's vloggers day 20 I can't
believe we're at 20 already this is
crazy I am just on my way to meet the
lovely Zoe and Louise otherwise known as
sprinkle of glitter and zoella um for a
bit of breakfast slash brunch I'm just
on my way to London to do a bit of
filming and I've got a meeting and then
I'm excitingly actually going on this
cooking lesson type thing with my friend
James tonight so yeah that is what I'm
doing today I'm here in my car with the
little Wolfie who's got her harness on
you are so cute you're gonna have to
wait in here when you're around for like
a little while but I'll make sure I open
the window for you she she was being
really funny this morning because she
was convinced that I wasn't gonna take
her with me because Mike's not at home
at the moment he's had to go off north
first but she was convinced that I
wasn't gonna take her with me so I tried
to take her for a walk and she wouldn't
go she thought I was gonna take her over
to Mike's parents house so she was
literally like looking at me like no
sitting on the doorstep like I'm not
going you're taking me with you I'm like
fine we weren't going to walk any little
monkey monkey but yeah so I am just
waiting for reasons actually not here
I'm actually in the carpark of where
we're meeting and we're gonna get some
tasty snacks look who's here and so he
who is munching on a fried potato we
have just got our breakfast look at this
this is it's the world's smallest
breakfast
it is eggs McIntosh was just like eggs
benedict with black pudding and cue that
moment for you all to tell me how gross
I am eating like pudding ha and this is
what it is
are they sausages sausages you're not
veggie kind of sometimes it's probably
quite a substantial breakfast every
pancakes I would think that's probably
the healthiest of the unhealthy options
but yeah we're gonna eat this now
hey guys so I am in London I was in
Notting Hill and I've been shopping
looking for a couple of presents Notting
Hill is the best place to show up any
one of my gifts I actually haven't been
back here since we shot the video with
Tanya a few weeks ago but I didn't
actually find anything which is kind of
annoying there's a couple of birthday's
coming up there's my boy seem like his
birthday is in like two weeks week and a
half and he's a twin so he has a twin
sister so I was looking for a gift for
her I couldn't find good for her or for
my but I did find some amazing wrapping
paper in Paper Chase so that this it's
like turquoise of pink flock and gold
I mean silver leaf on it which is
amazing but I'm just on my way to meet
James for our cooking experience and
I'll see if I can flog a little bit of
that for you guys I don't know felt let
me film in there it's a Jamie Oliver I
caught me what the name of it is called
like it's got some kind of catchy name
like Bistro something for anything but I
will see you in so it's actually August
day 21 now I know I didn't finish this
vlog so I'm gonna have to roll that into
two basically my phone deleted a like
five minute clip that I filmed
last night after we left the cooking
course which is really really
infuriating because I filmed with James
are very fun and he cut his finger and
my finger is runny Webster because
there's a story I'm going to repeat it
out so I want you guys to know about
this my mom has some dodgy now aunt
remember that she bought from apathy and
I just really didn't think much of it at
her house and I was taking my nail
varnish off with it I was taking my
toenails of which they had glitter
polish women so had to like really rub
the next day which was yesterday oh it's
kind of like rubbing at my finger like
this is really weird like it feels
really like dry and the whole layer of
skin basically started to cut off my
thumb sorry if this is gross of some of
you but how awful look at this now it's
like raw skin and it really hurt and it
goes all weird and wrinkly really not
good as made me kind of worried there's
some kind of freak Dorji chemicals so do
not buy all these own brand now -
remember to be honest I wouldn't bought
it myself before it's just one of those
things obviously was in there and just
picked up
so today I'm with Hannah who's driving
and the monster is in the back asleep so
try not to make too much noise but he's
pretty happy sleeping best thing he can
sleep through an earthquake we are on
our way to Westfield today because we're
going to go to you Westfield Stratford
which is the East lambda which is the
newer one because neither of us have
been and it's meant to be very good and
also they haven't victoria secret lair
because the one there's about to be a
Victoria Secret opening on Bond Street
but for some reason that they
it was meant to open in July and still
not open so we kind of wanted to go
check that out but we just look it's
lucky that we looked on the website to
find the postcode because we wanted to
drive obviously presently house buying
and they've shucked the park car parks
for the whole duration of the Olympics
and the Paralympics which I kind of
understand because I guess you get
people to parking there to try and go to
the games yeah but I guess maybe it will
just cause issues but it's kind of
annoying that the car park is shut so
we're going to the West Westfield which
is the one that we always go to here
it's closer and we are looking for some
bridesmaids dresses so we are doing a
feature on our Bridal channel about the
bow surprise made dresses that you can
pick up on the high street so we're
going to scoop out and try on surprised
businesses which should be quite fun and
hopefully get some lunch
Briony so she fancy getting like
Vietnamese what's up is it pho pho I'm
not sure he says but it's really tasty
so we're gonna do that
and then I'm heading home later I'm hope
I think I'm gonna see Lissy Mike's been
up and I can tell you guys well now
because he actually didn't lose his
driving license but he got cool to going
too fast and he had to go to court and
he could have potentially lost his
license but he didn't he got six points
and he got big fine which to be honest I
think it's probably a good thing cause I
think it will slow him down because he
does drive a little bit fast he's yeah
he's a really good driver he just drives
too fast he's good so yeah he was so
worried about it was like you I was on
the food yeah okay you know going in and
half now and he's like yeah yeah
so yeah that's done and yet but he had
to drive all the way up to Great
Yarmouth to do it because he got caught
when we were ages ago when we were
driving to see Tyler and Jim in Norfolk
and obviously the nearest like cool to
where he got caught like the court as in
courtroom to where he got caught as in
captured speeding was in Great Yarmouth
so which is miles away from where we
live so he had to drive all the way up
there but yeah so
see you guys later hello there it's
obviously much later now but I found two
of my reprobate friends
we are at Lisi's we came over for a very
delicious meal
that one shift up some what was it
chicken chicken with Melbourne slap
cheese it's good
it's very fast may I just say lysse is
like world-renowned expert I'm cooking
her own cheese straws they are amazing
Marmite cheese straws hello Tally's here
hello honey hi hi okay it's not break
here so what are you guys up to
oh I've been it's been so hectic I have
been sunbathing actually I've been
giving up for that hard hard work and
like likes to buy spike and his weird
things morning he was licking me wearing
my pyjamas and I was talking to my
sister and sofa and something feels like
waiting look down he's like a dog like a
dog
it's evening we will see well I will see
you tomorrow these guys won't you you're
both ridiculous eat and it makes
me really not work baby
YouTube because I'm about the same shade
as you Talley yes yeah cool see you
tomorrow bye
