hey guys it's longest day 19 and today
we are continuing the question and
answer session from yesterday's video
which as you may be able to tell was
actually just before we filmed this we
on the Asheville no a very eventful
weekend just chilling and eating and
chilling at home so we thought we'd do a
question on this video for both days so
sorry anyway we've got loads of
questions so that's why I thought it
would be alright so carrying on from
that Julia my coach Nick my coach Nick
maybe sorry Julia fine I'm just
pronounce your name right how did you
get through university how did you get
through you going to university you
didn't cook very well I was actually
really bad Mike was my rock like as
cheesy as that sounds through University
I I've done a university experience
video which you guys might have seen I
think I did it in February with Lissy I
really didn't enjoy University I found
it very hard I know that there's a small
part of it was because I was going out
with you because it got that like when
you're not single and all your friends
are single they're always wanting to go
out and meet guys and stuff I was just
not interested at that point but I also
know that a lot of it was to do with the
social aspect at the University that I
went to it wasn't a very sociable
University and a lot of people I've
known to been there haven't enjoyed it
so I was not very happy
I would ring you in tears at least three
or four times a week wishing that you
were there I think just at the end of
the day we both know you had to make the
effort to work because then with any of
these relationships that we've we always
discuss why's that there are times when
you have to do your work or you have to
do your studies and then there are times
when you don't and you can chill and you
know they're only around the corner was
coming and that's the way I was used to
look you look you've got holidays coming
up you know so month it was more likely
but you thought a week and then you can
come home and see me at the weekend
unlike every week you saw me at the
train station at like every wheezed
alternate weekends so every other
weekend you'd come to London and see me
and then every other weekend I would
come home every Sunday night I'd be in
tears you would be leaving like
guarantee I think that question was
probably directed more at like how did
you get
as in like going away and being apart
from each other we very much didn't deal
with it like that for me it was more
like how did I get through university
when I wasn't enjoying it and it was
pretty much 100% thanks to you because
my parents were very very relaxed and
they were basically like and by about by
the end of the first term I knew that it
wasn't really for me and I was thinking
about like transferring or not even
necessarily like closer to Mike it
wasn't issue being away from you as
anything it was being unhappy and away
from me yeah so if I'd have loved it and
been away and seen you every weekend I
really weekend I think it would've been
fine anyway but it was the combination
of both I think I found very hard and my
parents were like we can transfer you
can you know you can quit any if you
want to or support you you know it's
your decision whichever you think is the
right decision for your life and where
you want to go and how hard you've
worked to get to where you are so they
basically like I could have done
whatever it wanted but it was you that
just said look you're at a great
university there are so many positives
you're in London in London to do all
your chances yeah yeah and I'm so
thankful that now that I finished it and
I like I worked so hard and yeah I think
I'm just really glad that I I made
effort and I did something and it's
taught me a lot in the way that I had to
do something that didn't like and I came
out of it and I'm really proud of myself
for doing it whereas I think if I'd have
just quit and run away I would have
always had that bit of regret like oh
I've quit you know I'll quit anything so
yeah that was a very very long answer
okay this is a funny one Izzy burns
asked how do you make it last so long
they're getting bored again more
momentum psyche of what I said in
yesterday's video of more everyone
expects a relationship to be clicked
plan this Hollywood I love fairy tales
like your theory words yeah but it's
like yes it but there are times when
everything's amazing but its life you've
got you've got to do things that are you
don't want to do sometimes and then
it's a balance and if there's someone
that you have that balance for then with
it yeah too many people we have hung up
on I don't like people hung up on this
everything's got to be perfect
but all I know like I don't get bored
with you like I've never laughed so much
as when I'm with you
like when we're on a road and I think
that's also another thing that we spend
quite a lot of time apart and not that
much time but like I spend a lot of time
in London and I traveled on my own quite
a lot and I think whenever I go away you
always know like how much like I always
miss you so much when I'm not here and I
always just I always just wanna be at
home with you and I think that's like
you know you know that it's right when
you feel like that well you've been
going out together whenever for five
years and you like your switch is
relatively small compared to like if
you've been married for thirty years but
in terms of like our age group if you've
been together for that long and you're
away from home doing really fun stuff
like when I was in New York having a
blast and then thank you I wish Michael
Cera I wish I could experiences with you
like I think what you said is also humor
that's just about us but at the same
time the biggest thing is you've got to
be able to do things on your own and
have time apart yeah we both have our
individual lives as well as our
relationships that both inter cross with
each other but you've got to have time
off other people even having time and
having that like a play time that you
can separate the two and I think that's
key and then it's same in a relationship
that you have Tommy's been all the time
together but then you also gotta have
Tommy you go CMAs you go yeah yeah a
good knife away from lot depends on hoc
we do a lot together though because our
friend like you've got one of my school
friends love you love you like they get
along with you really really well so
whenever I see them it's like you're
just one of us now because everybody
gets on with each other so well I think
it's all like you and I gotta have one
when you're younger you've got to
actually go out and and
live life but if you stumble across
someone it's great but you've got an
experience of life and go do things as
well as been in relationships and it's
all learning yeah there's no rule it's
just like there's no rule by for life
and I like sometimes I do wish yeah I
wish I have met you a little bit later
and had a bit more experience but you
know what life is you can't design your
life like I met you when I was 19 and I
know that I want to spend my life with
you so like that's just the way it
happened for me and I'm happy but you
know you definitely still if that does
happen you have to remain independent
and you have to have your own
experiences outside of your relationship
otherwise you probably would get like
you're gonna spend all day every day
I want all that every day but like if
you didn't have your own friends and go
on your own trips and you know I think
you'd be you would get aboard this is
this is a funny question
Rach see beauty asks what is the most
annoying thing about living with Mike
and she says by the way I love you so
much kiss kiss kiss no no that was Joey
to you me or both of us so thanks what
is the most annoying thing about living
with you OCD mild OCD about weird things
but no actually not
Mike the most annoying thing about
living with Mike is the fact that he's
really messy
sep 19 percent of the time leaves his
stuff everywhere all over the house gets
undressed drops everything on the floor
and then every two weeks he or once a
week he will have like strict cleaning
regime tidy house clean everywhere and
then go mental be like not mental but
like oh you can't make a mess remember
if I leave one thing on side that's cuz
you lose so much on the side all the
time she says like it's more at the
bedroom like you leave all your clothes
everywhere drives me crazy what's the
most annoying thing about living with me
the fact that is the opposite of what
you said society doesn't
I've got anymore it's definitely
stealing my food because yeah because I
always say to you like if you're cooking
but would you want chips Oh about
honoring our beer do I have any chips
and then when you have a chips they
always look so good some like I just
still a few and you get really mad
the thing is against like OCD that I
massively have like the proportions
chips to me it's a vegetable I know it's
very old-fashioned style but I like my
meat and two veg kind of thing but I've
just
if you then if you've got a piece of
meat a piece of ocean on a piece of
potato or something like that or chips
left and you've got the right like each
individual if I've got like six portions
of each left out you'll steal a chip
when I've got the so then I'm left
it's leftovers I see this like he has
like portion control issues precisely
um okay I'm looking through for a final
question for I know question you can
pump to your heart's content a minute
what foods not has a stuff to eat that
you press this video someone's asked how
did you post if we're not saying that I
look amazing with the anything it was
all the beach pretty sure I said it it's
on the beach at sunset and I'm not gonna
count that as question because though
it's right
I want to find one that's more about
relationships
okay this isn't she want Ellie the
awesome asks what are your tips on being
comfortable in a relationship if it's
the first relationship you've ever been
in for me personally I don't think it's
so much about how many relationships
you've been in or the length or the
quality or the quality of being a weird
word but like the type of relationship
you've been in in the past I think if
you're uncomfortable
obviously like your first boyfriend or
girlfriend is gonna be a different
experience and it's gonna be scary it's
gonna be fun it's good like everything
like a hundred emotions all in one go
and you know you are gonna be you're
probably gonna be a bit uncomfortable
with each other to start with because
it's like anything is new new you know
it's like when you talk to guys first
time ago any first day it's always scary
and slightly uncomfortable but if it's
with the right person that very quickly
goes so my top tip for that would just
be be yourself try and be as relaxed as
you can enjoy yourself and enjoy
yourself because it is actually like
this is my number one thing like it's
the most fun time of your life like I
always think back to when we first met
and it's such a great feeling knowing
that you're gonna see somebody that
you're so excited I remember the first
time we went on a date and you're like
you like really worried about like your
clothes and how you look and like that's
the one thing I miss about dating and
being like now that we're like settled
down and getting married and stuff
that's the one thing I really miss is
that exciting like Oh what is he gonna
like like my dress or like oh is he
gonna text me and things like that
that's like that is honestly the best
not the best but I was one of the most
like exciting periods of a relationship
so I think just embrace it even though
it can be a little bit awkward sometimes
I mean you know if that doesn't go away
I think that like if the
uncomfortableness doesn't go away and
that might be an indication that that's
the wrong person but it's all part and
parcel of it it's all part and parcel of
learning in your relationship and
growing together I think yeah I think so
I think you just got to enjoy yourself
if it's not meant to view someone to be
if it's meant to be it's meant to be but
mainly but your first relationship well
as well from my parents - yeah it's
married yeah Mike's parents first ever
boyfriend/girlfriend got married at 19
they're been together ever since yeah it
can so yeah it can obviously horse but
like you just don't never go into
relationship thinking oh this is the
person I'm gonna marry but at the same
time never going to a relationship but
never going to relationship going well
I'm not really about sure about this
like always just do for the sake of it
please there's no pressure to do things
you just there's no time limit there's
nothing you just don't do it yourself
you know the little kitty cats now the
cats are coming in that is a good note
to finish it on thanks so much for all
of your question guys question questions
guys I'm sorry if we didn't get time to
answer yours we have lots and lots of
questions but we try to take the ones
that the most people are asking so that
is it for today I hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog and hopefully I'll be back
with another ask for sometime soon maybe
with Mike if that's something that you
like to see let us know in the comments
below if you like him always right yeah
I don't like him very much to be honest
like why are we been talking about
relationships but yeah of what you'd
like to see me or us talking about in
the future thanks for watching
