hey guys so it's vlog asst day 18 my
recent see that we have were sitting in
between us right now so if you hear any
panting or whining or anything like that
she's having a little bit of a sensitive
time at the moment with her family
pregnancy so she won't move basically so
today we're going to be doing a ask for
video but we're making it an ask Fleur
and Mike video because we're doing my
number one like most requested ask Fleur
topic which is relationships not that
we're experts but you know you guys have
asked us lots of questions on Twitter
first tip what not to do is let a dog
like take over your whole life we didn't
do that to be no not at all not at all
with you okay okay so we're going to
split this into two different videos I
think because we're going to asked a lot
of questions so really yeah a lot of
questions so this is part one I haven't
actually looked
this isn't about relationships but Talia
DeCarlo's asks who is a better cook know
I'm a better cook you just cook more on
amber that's not even close to the
vertical
I'm much I'm much more adventurous you
just cook like standard monster extended
this is a good one so at least a Lisa Lu
asks is it hard for any time for your
relationship with having friends YouTube
family etc um good question I think
sometimes it can be um especially what
YouTube takes up a lot of my day like a
lot and even in like in the evening and
everything in you sometimes get
frustrated with that but I think what
you have to do is realize that you need
to prioritize your relationship
sometimes and actually actively say hey
we need to like take a chill pill they
will feel not literally to each other
what needs to take a chill pill
crazy worthful book and Jen Lasseter
asks how did you know when you are ready
to get engaged or
I read I love all your videos that's a
question for you because you're the one
that did the asking indeed well we've
got quite a while we'd also we've moved
in together so we knew I've been living
together like three years yes over three
years so we knew repelling like we were
comfy with each other and I think it's
more gesture
whoof
um I think you saw just a time that you
something's just click it's not a matter
of like if there is topical works okay
oh dear you come' have a good girl I
think it's more just like it
this time joy well it's right it's right
it's never something that's like a
unless with all the end it's never
something that's like a fairy tale but
relationships aren't fairy tales like
they are well they kinda Princess Lea
obviously not but like that's a big
thing that I think that is a
misconception that everyone expects to
be a Sparkle evidently there's ups and
downs and it's life and you've got to
embrace that and it's when you yeah when
you learn to embrace that and when you
have learned to find something embraces
it with you I think that's one it that's
when it matters and that's when you know
it's right that's really nice very
insightful for self parents a lot of
people have asked about how we decided
to move in together and how long we
think that it should be before we move
in together one question here is from
Julia oh one two three five seven who
asks how long do you think you have to
be dating before you move in together
and there is a lot of questions here
I've seen a lot when I've been looking
through them today
my opinion where did you move in
together and how I saw one early I can't
remember who asked it but it was how did
you know like how did you first broach
the subject with each other I mean I
think firstly I think there is never a
time limit on when you should or
shouldn't move in together again yeah
funny I we have friends that have been
going out a really short period time
moving together and others that have
been going out a long pretty time - yeah
I think just whenever your situation is
right I mean our situation is right as
the wise man real by saving at home and
like you were like to move into this
probably a year we've been out for a
year you were preparing to move into
this house it was kind of not even I
don't think we there was even a point
where we actually wasn't like I said it
will you move in with me
it was kind of like her oh yeah well
that's what's gonna happen because we
were we were already knew we were quite
serious for me I know that feeling of
when we first started going out it was
like an instantly serious relationship
there was no we never really played any
games when every and that was the
difference for me I've never had a
relationship buy that before we just
kind of knew if you know what I mean
like we just knew it was serious we knew
that what we both wanted and yeah we
were happy yeah I think there's no
answer I think it depends on the
individual relationship everybody is
different like everybody will have a
different road in how they you know
develop their relationship when they
move in you should never have a tumblr
on something I don't think this is never
us and like it's like there's never a
time when you have to do this by there's
no law it's not something you have to do
it's something that you want to do and
so when that time is right it's right I
think that's why yeah here's an
interesting one from UM a EEMA always
a.m. always I don't know quite what's
going on that um what are your opinions
on cheating should you give second
chances
um me personally a lot depends on
situation but generally I'd say no I
don't think so I think we change the
dynamic relationships same I think my
personal opinion is if you're in a
relationship where you're that happy if
you're stupid enough to go out Madonna
society feels stupid not to make that
mistake
it's it's this your fault yeah you've
added a bush and that is the way I look
at the diversity it's something I could
never imagine happening and it'd be very
hard if it happen yeah like I imagine if
you're the person that's not the one
that's been cheated on it's very hard to
tell the sudden stop loving that person
because you haven't changed it's also
really hard to as like in a relationship
to have the same relationship again
after someone's cheated on you is
virtually impossible because it takes
the trust away yeah so I mean you never
know what what has happened in the point
now see where
married if in 20 years that happen
somewhere down the line you do have to
think about more than just like what's
going on you have to think about the
fact that you potentially have a family
like it gets more complicated as life
goes on but I think in our relationship
so far we've very much like we've never
had a situation like that thank goodness
but we've always been but it's very very
like forceful in saying that if you
cheat on me that would be it but I do
think going forward it has to be like I
hope it never happens in our life in our
relationship Warren in anyone's you know
it's never ideal but I do think when it
gets more serious there it kind of the
dynamic does change yeah but I still
think in a sense it's something that you
just is something that it's not
acceptable if I think if you're if
you're in a relationship where you're
not happy you have to deal with that
first before you can move on
it's not fair on that other person it's
not fair
okay there's been quite a few similar
questions as well join Mack 85 asks how
do you guys handle arguments and there's
been a few more asking like how is the
best way to handle long as much as
shoving one of us it's funny Mike is
we're actually have very very different
personalities Mike is very very
level-headed and we'll always like you
are difficult to upset but when you get
upset it's bad like it will last a while
and you would it's not an upside
thinking it's never a sham or like of no
yes yeah that's what yeah and and roofie
is panting like mad you you get really a
beaner you get you're a lot more
sensitive in know that's wrong I'm more
sensitive but you react like it's for
somebody to really upset you eat like
you will get they've got a push record
yeah yeah it works for me I'm quite my
I've got quite fiery personality so one
little thing will set me off and I'll go
off on a rant and you'll just be like
like and all of our family said we both
deal with each other so well because you
bring the girls down from that in you're
like oh just come on think about it
rationally cause I always confront the
situation at first because Irish I tried
that's it and then you want to go away
yes I know think about where as when you
work yourself up and have like an issue
with something I will know how to talk
you out there as well I think to go with
arguments because we're talking about
getting in our groups with other people
I guess but I think we've actually other
one argument though I always think it's
more than educated debate but no because
I'm quite fiery and I also am quite a
stickler for the truth as well as what
my sister said in the sister tag so if
you say something that's like you don't
you forget someone's name I mean have
you forget the name you've known for
like three years like how do you cut how
can you not possibly other name like I
get like really frustrated about stuff
like that
this cuz your mind is very different
ways you hate worse once this special
like route that goes along to get to the
end um yeah so that's a bit of a
roundabout question but I think you
aren't served to the question but I
think you have to be um when you're in
tune with each other learning it's
easier to deal with arguments but
everybody's going to have arguments even
of the happiest yeah now I've got bit
more space brilliantly locked she's
gonna stand by the camera now and
perhaps it's gonna be louder but I think
you know when you're growing is
relationship you learn how to deal with
each other and deal with each other's
arguments and obviously if you arguing
all the time constantly maybe it isn't
working I don't know there's some people
so some people have arguments all the
time yeah whereas for me it's just
usually me being like ah and you being
like calm down like it's gonna be fine
and someone's asked me it's Samantha has
asked me how do you know that he is the
right guy
well not really sure to be honest um hmm
I don't know it with us like I said
before it was very much from the
beginning it just felt different like it
felt at the time I met Mike just before
I was about to start University
literally two weeks before and I was
literally like I did I said to you I
don't really want a boyfriend you know
it's the probably the worst time for me
to meet you and so I don't really know
what I want and you were really straight
with me the same
time you were literally like with his
licking my feet woof come on and come on
come sit here
you would literally like well I want to
go out with you so you need to give me
an answer and it was very much like you
I'm interested like we were both very
very direct with each other won't we
I've even forgotten what the question
was how do you know who was the one um
but yeah right from the beginning and
then we made the decision we'll see you
know we'll start going out see how it
goes and then I am obviously very glad
the we started the relationship err for
some reason at that point I knew it
wasn't the ideal time to start a
relationship but right from the word go
like I knew that it was more than just
like oh yeah like a few months
relationship I knew it was serious and
that's a lot what a lot of people says
what about our relationship it's always
it's always been like serious yeah it's
been grown up yeah I think like we were
out of that all of our friends we were
like the couple that I although they'll
get married or like though because we
moved in like you know we're very much
living an older relationship than a lot
of our other friends like we're the
first ones to get engaged in yeah I
think pretty well which is scary in a
way actually new okay yeah but they're a
little bit older because they're your
age whereas most other friends of my age
which of Mike is 27 next week yo is
Emily yeah next week the week after next
like your thing is next week but I
always think you're 27 already I just
think you're older than you are screen
so you're 26 much my friend said my lady
says a gang silver silver silver fox
getting old right that is it for part
one guys join us tomorrow for part deux
and we'll be answering more of your
questions
Wow
she actually
say
