good morning everyone welcome to the 4th
of February jetlag is kicking my ass so
after I went to bed last night I could
not get to sleep like I was up until
like so annoying ended up taking
sleeping pills and I feel the rendus
this morning but I'm going to boost a
village because well you were actually
meant to be coming but Mike's Loosli
golfer Jack and Jack's girlfriend
iris is here so we're going to go with
you and not just for the morning because
I've got actual like I need to edit my
video that was meant to do yesterday and
I do it because we must develop later
we're going just because I've got
shopping like making scrambled eggs
we got a shell issue yeah real spelt is
a real issue where is it
you know sighs it I hate this and then
that's all slippery yeah what's it over
but Ollie hit Oh imagine the whole
London sad time now they're all talking
of sad time to the pack and you and you
and you all of you monkey no eggs time
more importantly Coffee time will others
see you later jet lag what what is this
to the console it's quite private lot
 did it risky this is my
collection coffee cup that might got me
for Christmas
oh how cool is that so in focus you'd be
able to see but instead you're just
looking at Mike and focus lucky use we
made it this village it may have done a
little bit of shopping I'm going to show
you guys what I got when I get home but
it may involve baby clothes as well
which excites me greatly no I'm not
having a baby but my friend just had a
baby yesterday so
very excited Alex girl oh my god mercy
later but I am now in Kampala with some
lovely iris and we are having a feast of
shellfish basically got some mussels
going on with look and smell delicious
we have some olives and some bread
burrata or is it oh no it's not profit
which is mozzarella but it looks good
with black figs and pine nuts and
calamari and prawn panic coffee because
the jetlag is still kicking my ass
so I've just got home as comments guys
I'm going to show you the baby clothes I
bought one of Mike's best friends had a
baby yesterday and it's little girl
usually I buy stuff before the baby's
born like as a gift when it arrives but
they didn't find out what sex it was so
I wanted to wait I'm ended up getting
this dress it's a little girl originally
I got this dress from the Ralph Lauren
baby shop in Vista it was still kind of
fairly expensive like it wasn't
massively massively reduced things like
50% off but a lot of stuff you can get
in there is amazing they had this really
cute little white wall and it was like
80% off but I wanted to get a 6 month
because when they're baby babies in it
really wear like anything problem baby
grows out often so I got this in 6
months I think it's the cutest thing so
pretty and it comes with little niches
to go underneath it
how cute are they so I got that for the
new baby and I also got this little
kitten rattle from the white company
which I think was like 4 pounds 50 or
something what is that piece of my nail
varnish so yeah that's what I got for
the new baby and then I also ended up
grabbing this which is sweetest little
elephant and it's called baby elephant
in its arms how cute is that
and this is for my brother's little baby
my brother's having a little girl in a
few months I like to buy lots of things
for them but isn't that so cute then
their dress is for Lulu her birthday's
coming up actually not for about six
weeks but I saw this most of us would
love it pink velvet and these dresses
never look as cute in bigger sizes this
is aged four to five because she's going
to be four and I always get bigger just
so that you might wear them for longer
and grow into them but they have them in
this small sizes and they were so cute
and they're like three months out the
adorable but once they get a bit bigger
they look a bit not as cute anyway but
this was a really good deal a she I
think it was 19 pounds which for the
white company and firm beautiful kind of
like velvet dress so it was really nice
there's a baby clothes I may also have
purchased a new handbag but you guys are
going to see that in will actually like
there's the corner over there oh
I'm going to do a new what's in my bag
video like next week so you guys will
see at that and if you're wondering what
this weird bread patch on my chin is I
have like this like hideous bit of like
I don't know if it's like Exmoor dry
flaky skin and it is like every like a
couple of day but the whole thing just
like flakes off its when you're
disgusting so if you're wondering there
you go now - told you that's gross but
yeah that is all for now make myself
coffee feeling a little bit more alive
now it's like getting to evening time
I'm like staying awake
got a fire we're watching Beyond and I
got my dog and I'm not sure what
squeegees doing I think she's looking a
foot Squiggy hello hello anybody
oh and surprise surprise we've also got
you halfway
you coming up when you poof Oh piggy
someone had a haircut last week your
beautiful dinner was so tasty I nearly
forgot to vlog it might just cook pasta
with treats oh and peppers
and I'm eating it with these guys and
the fire and Beyond and like ever
because you think it Mike's decided to
put on the bill so now that we can't
hear anything else in our brain while
we're watching almost that awkward
moment with that Ephram interesting
choice for Mike and this one maybe we do
in she's making so much noise
she's just walking around and now Wow
think she wants some attention like I
also just put up a new blog post or a
blog of this outfit if you haven't seen
it yet go check it out personal space is
not something these to understand
squidgy is literally like the cutest
whiskers I know you want a tassel on
your forehead
forgive me he's newsy it's now 10 to 11
and I'm trying to convince this one that
we can watch another movie because it's
Saturday night after all
and you should be ready to partay paneer
party hello
one more movie no 500 example have the
world's worst bags under my eyes
jet lag and this crazy red patch and the
bags it's not a good look and look at my
nails guys I need someone else out
tomorrow and my bags and just my life in
general lazy Saturday is what it's all
about
yeah baby MVS what have you put on the
TV movie need for speed well I did not
lose this so when it's cars involved who
is now so hot in here that none of us
are capable of cuddling anybody squishes
here I'm next to her Mike's on his own
sofa and these two are not cuddly either
that time guys
somehow I got kicked off the sofa again
you hooligans you say night to everybody
Pig good time
