hey guys so it's flawless 17 I'm getting
really confused with the days now it's
17 minutes actually the 18th today I
didn't get to vlog yesterday because I
spent the whole day in London and I was
kind of in and out of meetings and stuff
and I wasn't really doing anything
exciting and vlog worthy but I did go
and pick up my mail from my peer box so
I thought I would do a kind of like
opening mail like peer box type video
I'm here with my friend Kelly also known
as weasel yeah that's kind of a private
joke I even come from
she's South African so she goes yeah
yeah yeah so we're gonna have a look at
some of my mail that I did a really
close up with my face and I've actually
opened some of the packages because Mike
tried to film this this morning and he
was filming the side of my head
with my hair of my face so you couldn't
see you couldn't see what I was opening
or you couldn't see me I was like Mike
what is the point in this so I have
opened the packages I'm not gonna read
out the letters cuz I don't know how
people would not gonna read them out but
I will show you some of the cool stuff
that people sent me the first thing
which I'm so excited about I got a
letter from I think it's Chloe
let me just double check that I don't
want to get her name wrong
yeah it's Chloe um with a picture of her
because she's the girl who won my
handbag giveaway so she won the sam
edelman handbag that I gave away in June
and she sent me a picture of her with it
to show how happy she was at getting it
and then she's written me a letter here
which I'm not gonna read out but um yeah
really sweet thank you card and then she
also sent me a tin that says keep calm
and carry on shopping and it has can you
hold that for me it actually has a
matching mug in it it's cool isn't it
and she also sent me I don't know
a coaster that says blether and like the
definition of blubber which apparently
this is used to describe either a person
who regularly and often describe either
a person who regularly and often
indulges in fairly inconsequential
chatter about everything and nothing in
particular
usually all at once and for quite a long
time or the actual content of the
conversation so I think maybe she's
hinting at something yeah quite relevant
to me I thought thanks Chloe that really
made my day because I do quite a lot of
Giveaways I haven't done one for yeah I
do quite a lot giveaways and it's
actually really really nice to hear back
from somebody and especially to get like
a picture saying how much they love the
prize that's really cool so I also got I
think this is from Emma this one we just
check yeah from Emma who's a teacher
from Essex she sent me this makeup bag
which is really cute I know she has
she's a teacher though so I feel like
she has amazing handwriting and that's
really cool so thanks Emma for that and
then muna or I'm think you say it marina
I'm sorry if you don't say it's M you na
sent me this it's a 10 miracle leave-in
product doesn't actually say what it's
got a sticker on the back and it came in
an Amazon thing so I'm gonna have to
take this off but I'm pretty sure it's a
hair product but she actually she
emailed me to say that she was sending
it before she did so thank you muna if
I'm pronouncing on to him right if I'm
not I'm sorry for that I'm really
excited to try it and get the sticker
off the back so we can actually see what
it does as well so that was from her and
then I got a package from Hawaii which
was so exciting and woof loved this one
she was opening it with me and it was
from Connie and she sent me this look
what are these flowers cool they're like
Hawaii flowers yeah they're like the
like the native flower of Hawaii anyway
she sent me one of those and then she
sent me these dog treats the meat trio
wheat free dog treats and Mouse's here
should we give one to mouth
mouse she's ham apple from the tree
I don't know how to get into this thing
yeah maybe you try it you tried open it
I'll carry on Tom yeah so she sent me
that and then she also sent me this tea
which is pineapple strawberry tea from
Hawaii which is pretty cool so maybe we
should try that look organic green and
white tea so you try that later Kelly's
on a massive health kick so maybe we
should try that detox I need to keep
these with all the things so that I know
who to send a thank-you card - oh so
tasty I don't know where woof is Thank
You Connie anyway for your dog treats I
will give them two worth and not just
Mouse because I'm pretty sure they were
intended for us but I don't know where
she is right now
and then I got a package from yen I
think Taiwan
oh no she's from Canada but she sent me
and it was another person that was from
Taiwan um yeah she's from Canada and she
sent me this bracelet that she made
stretchy yeah she made it along with a
little note and she also sent me
something for Tonya and Jim - which I'll
have to give to them next time I see
them hopefully I'll be seeing them soon
and then oh this one is really cool
actually this is from Dominique who I
think is from New York she has her
little thing on here yeah from New York
sent me this nail polish if you guys can
see his the lighting is a bit crazy but
it's like duochrome like my car so it's
really cool isn't it you hate my car
don't you
Kelly's always like oh car is so
ridiculous yeah so she sent me that
which is really cool along with a nice
note and then I got loads of cards and
letters which I can't really read out
but I have like a whole stack of them
here so let me think
I opened a really cool one actually
where is it it's this one yeah this one
from Juliet in Holland and she stuck
these gems on the back and she actually
made I think it's like it could be a
bracelet or
a necklace but it's like this really
cool beaded yeah beaded thing oh and
also someone sent me yeah this one is
this the one from Taiwan no this is from
New York as well but she made one of the
wrap bracelets that Ingrid did a
tutorial for in like rose gold which is
really cool
who's this from Sara so that was cool
and yeah I just got loads of letters so
I'm going to read through these now and
then reply to them I guess it's gonna
take me a long time to reply to them all
I don't know I need to like come up with
some kind of system I need to buy some
more note cards too cuz I'm pretty much
out of note cards but yeah that is it
for my little P o box opening haul guys
thanks to Kelly for helping what are you
doing using like wheat free it's wheat
bad for dogs is that why they need wheat
free mass is so sweet cool yeah that's
it for today's vlog guys tomorrow's vlog
will be up fairly soon because we're
actually I'm gonna film it today so yeah
I'll be wearing the same outfit it will
be the same day don't worry I'm not just
smelly and wear the same outfit day
after day like Kelly does I'll see you
tomorrow
before we go Whoopi has arrived and
she's a massive fan of these I just made
her a better about 4 and she wants more
she's sitting here waiting and I have to
admit we look to the ingredients and all
they have in them is rye flour oat bran
beef broth chicken broth natural bacon
canola oil and baking powder so we
thought we could try these they smell
pretty good and we've all tried them
we're that weird
and we decided they're so good that we
shouldn't let a dog see them we should
have even mum had one in you know thanks
Connie she probably really wasn't
thinking that we were gonna eat them
other flavored dog treats from from
Hawaii their Hawaiian brand dog treats
wheat free all-natural that woof is just
begging for more I'd love to go to
Hawaii thanks Connie and we're sending
our love to you
please can we come and visit you
