speed we do the intro for me hey speak
we say vloggers day 16 day 16 day 16
well done
into the creepy woods to see spikes ten
well I don't want to go in cuz I'm scary
you should be okay you're smaller watch
the Stingers those Hollywood be who's
got the right idea
that keeps me nice bum
whoopee stole the magic stick well look
at the den did you make this how long
did it take you woof he's gonna destroy
the den whoa speak when I go in your den
can I go in how'd you get in this way oh
it's a bit smaller but I'm gonna back up
into it look what he's in the den with
me coming in whoa cool this is super
cool did you make this all by yourself
yeah casual it needs to be bigger you
reckon you can get it upstairs
I don't think I think what he's gonna
steal all the twigs she's used elem
gotta be careful so in case you hadn't
noticed by now we're actually coming on
a big walk so we're taking speed on a
walk as well as the dogs but it's
honestly the most beautiful day in
England its days - water in the mud
that's really messy look woof he's going
in you can get really really dirty and
there's B it's days like these actually
made me so happy to live in England it's
just look so we're just in the midst of
filming a video for our bridal channel
and Hannah here is getting crafty and
making her own bunting this is amazing I
should cover the pressures are now live
filming don't don't do your finger I'm
so impressed by this this video should
be up sometime next week right well
there's one before it's so cool you got
your own little bunting station going on
yeah you should you can sell this stuff
for quite a lot of money Connie it's
really cool this one's for spikes
birthday party right yeah spikes having
spikes having pirates and princesses and
I said that Mike should go as a princess
and I should go as a pirate what do you
guys think
Dennis no okay guys so I'm just heading
home now it's been like 24 hours but
we've managed to do like four videos I
think wolfies here she's been waiting in
the car for like the last half an hour
cuz she knew I was leaving she's like
don't leave me behind probably a few
hours journey ahead of me I'm not really
looking forward to it but at least
Michael be there when I get home and I'm
gonna try and convince him to actually
go and see Batman this time yes so I'm
back I'm home I made it home hooray
I am so tired I had a really long
journey because I got stuck in traffic
and it was just miserable going like
five miles an hour for ages and then we
popped over to my parents to say hello
and now we are home and I'm exhausted
Mike's here with the cats having a
cuddle
and I think that's gonna be it for today
so I'm gonna sign off here I am going to
London tomorrow so I'll take you all
with me see you then
you
