hi guys it's bloggers day 15 and this is
my sister Hannah if you haven't seen up
Ryder channel you can see more of her on
there if you want to but today we're
going to do the sister tag seeing as I'm
saying okay what you thought might as
well finally go over on YouTube I am
loving it number one how old are you
guys nearly 31 next week I'm like a big
conspiracy and she's 1024 describe each
other in one word organized you are so
organized entertainers yeah
high-maintenance we can come look up in
camera spikes here he might be in the
video number three did people ever get
you mixed up all the time well imagine
how we've got different kind of have
used how are you hey to be identical to
them yeah
and when we used to work when I used to
work with you people that's really funny
people that work with honey you see like
oh this is my little boys by areas wave
say hi hi
no one gets all the kisses for everybody
to number four what is something that
annoys you about one another we quite
often have plenty of little tips but
they don't last very long and then
fleurs of fat police don't you say
anything
anything fact you know come on were but
he thought there's a imaging that's kind
of not quite a hundred percent correct
your picture on it yeah and you are
really annoying when you want to tidy
Wow if anyone causes any mess on the bed
you can jump on the bed in background
yeah I don't have in a Cell you okay is
going through it yeah you and there's
like any mess at home master like tidy
up I'm really worries me likes - oh we
do leave it right they bounce carefully
bounce responsibly well number five
what's it like having a sister on
YouTube um it's weighted actually I
didn't really get it started with you
started doing it on the slide yeah tell
anyone and then when she announced it I
didn't really get what she was doing I
thought a little bit weird but I thought
you think we really mean actually we do
often take she's dropped off the beach
once because I did it
number six do you ever argue yeah
usually when we're at home we don't
nobody argue what we like together away
from every one there oh when you're yeah
when we're going to another we have fun
yeah no argument here
Spike's got really funny
noisy he's still over that and number
seven what's the best thing about one
another just having someone there all
the time to talk to you this amazing
it's really trying to think about the
best thing about you become the UN
official you are actually like a second
mom
so if there's anything that's like ever
wrong or like I need advice for taking
just yeah number this is where number
eight ditch the done I know how many
died on you know flows a bit of a weird
obsessive hello collector you remember
your baby baby yeah I guess I'd like a
sense we don't touch that and have some
beanie babies Disney films he has
massive speed we've got holding onto the
tripod right now number nine favorite
inside joke
mmm-hmm I didn't really know an insider
we have a lot of weird language that we
use that's like more of a family thing
rather than just you me inside jokes we
don't there's a lot of things like your
work you know right for the strange
noises Michael don't understand a lot
about that
but it kind of runs through my husband
and our brother and then I like Chloe so
good my friend
no actually number 10 favorite memory
together I actually really liked when I
I basically had a part-time job when I
see me with the same company that hadn't
work for at the time and I really liked
that because it was kind of like a
different experience that we had
together that our family did me like
doing a minister yeah it was really cool
this flared kind of because economy
where it's cool though you're doing some
really good stuff traveling all around
the country doing events and we got to
like snake once a week at school be a
nuisance to number 11 a full sisters
half sisters stepsisters with four
sisters number 12 gets each other's
favorite singer that's a hard one it's a
hard one with learning everyone take
this way it doesn't really like music
that much but I would guess like other
singing and rather than a band probably
like Colbie Caillat
yeah yeah yeah that's been going on I
think you say they're ugly calais I find
about one CD that goes around and risk
using a CD and it goes round around in
my car for literally about here and
there like if it a new one yeah this is
it but this is a nasty question who
takes longer to get ready oh my god
that's ham and I think about 26 years we
can't you know
this monkey well it takes about two
hours I do not like two hours number
fourteen heels or flats
I'm definitely flats over time yeah I
love them I wear flats more animals I
wish I was a heels person like wearing
heels every day but nothing sadly we
don't have the same shoe size
there√µs it's really annoying because we
can appear may have pulled the shoe
collection number 60 or not happy don't
touch that don't touch that up across
yes bye Ross come to see there you go
and you see yourself on there let - be
can you see he is auntie were scary that
was an onslaught II won Wow I'm the best
yeah number 15 pants or dresses both
challenges other dresses
you always wear jeans when I am usually
wear dresses I'm wearing today
but normally dresses it's kind of hard
now cause my I've actually making so
much money
yeah you got like feathers everything it
yeah the reason what's that number 16
paper animal talks yes all right
absolutely yeah we both like people will
grow with those number 17 if your house
is burning down what would you say but
we're family all this amazing spy yeah I
say my laptop for sure yeah my laptop
that's one of my photos in it I wouldn't
be particularly worried about the actual
laptop and the other stuff just the
photos I'd be absolutely gutted and my
iPhone it's quite pinnacles high heels
that like cause I speak on it - yeah I
know your contact number 18
comedy-horror a chick flick you don't
even like chills Natsumi mod weirdo she
hates cinema who hates the cinema weird
I don't like sitting next to people I
don't know and thinking of handbags no
me stolen yeah
I'd much rather have a movie at home I
love this in Amman oh yeah I like drama
films like or like big blockbusters all
kind of I'm not a big fan of chick-fil-a
as I like to have you seen that the
wedding video is coming out of my is it
got to be very careful don't touch this
bright spot
hold on tight don't move it so you hold
it still stay very still number 19
blackberry iPhone always the I
definitely -
20 favorite movie I don't know you can
one who don't see dancing it's really
some really cheesy I've know they French
I like blocks boys that's my favorite
I'm not massive movie much to the horror
of my husband number 20
Oh No number 21 what is something weird
that you eat we both like my weight I'm
not a good I say I'll eat more with is
indeed any other definitely mince pie 20
cockles olives preferably together near
the sushi sushi anything yeah but don't
I see if you're not fit all right tell
me about number 22 anything matching not
really though we have a similar style
right might offer would always pick up
the same we don't really need to have
the same thing because we can check yeah
and also saying please we can check yeah
apart from your jeans you've got a
smaller but that me can't get lined into
against I we actually went shopping one
support the same bikini it depends on we
came
my new bikini and things like that is
really strips oh my god sake I know you
can out cuz and like I don't see you as
much when you're like living together at
times like I'll arrive but you'll have
some look like you're wearing like black
tights black knee-high boots a gray
dress and a black leather jacket it's
like uniform we've done that a lot I
think we actually share and favorite TV
show at the moment
Game of Thrones shizzle that's the best
movie show we've watched it all since
know there's going to be another series
out we are very excited about me it's
gonna be awesome
that is it for the question is there a
way we're going to go rescue spike cuz
ain't going downstairs have a scrap you
want to see more of Hannah and me
talking about wedding stuff then we have
ridin channel which I'll link tablet
until then I see tomorrow
you
