hey guys so it's vloggers day 14 and
today me and little Woofie here going on
a road trip I'm going to see my sister
and we're gonna do some videos for our
bridal channel which is exciting but
she's up in Lincolnshire at the moment
which is pretty far away from where I
live so I'm driving up there and it's
the first time we've driven there I've
been that before but I haven't actually
driven there myself in my car Mike's
always driven so I've got my little
sat-nav here which isn't on yet the
problem is is that my car charger you
know these little smokey arrrg things
that you get mine doesn't actually work
so I'm hoping at the battery lasts all
the way there because I have literally
no idea how to get there so I have the
map and we're iPhone when iPhone is
charged so I'm hoping I will get there
and I'll keep you updated on our
progress
well maybe not unless we stop I guess
I'm not gonna be like vlogging and
driving because that would be dangerous
but I'm bringing Whoopie with me cuz
Mike's not gonna be about for the next
few days so we thought she's better off
coming with me so she's curled up on the
passenger seat and yeah that's pretty
much it I'm actually really warm today
is the weirdest day it's like really
really muggy but kind of rainy like look
how look how miserable this looks
miserable but um I might excuse the gym
this morning which is good I'm keeping
it up I'm trying to do at the moment
like every other day so that I don't
kind of overdo it but I've been doing
like 20 minutes or half an hour running
and then doing lots of weights for like
20 minutes or half an hour so I'm
actually that today all that was so
annoying I was trying to get the TV to
work and the batteries and the TV remote
had gone and it doesn't have like you
can't adjust it on the TV and I didn't
have headphones or anything so basically
you just had to like run with no
entertainment so that wasn't the most
fun but I did it I did it and I'm quite
proud of myself um yeah so I have to get
some more I think goodness but yeah I
better get on the road now and stop
waffling but I will see you in a while
crocodiles hello you guys so me and
wolfy have arrived safely it was a long
and boring journey and
I spent a couple of hours actually
filming some videos with my sister who
is there and playing with Spike I didn't
actually manage to film spike today
because we were going so mental jumping
up and down the trampoline
he was being quite demanding normally
whenever we come and stay I have Mike
with me and Spike absolutely adores Mike
and it's always like completely where is
this time there's just me so I got all
of the all of the nagging to play but it
was super fun so we've spent good time
playing outside and we cooked barbecue
and then it rained and that is what's
happened today but we're about to take
this monster for a walk do you not wanna
know if it works is it walkies Charley
knows his walkies time should we go with
the walkies
now you're excited so we're just taking
the dogs for a walk
and there's some seriously creepy
looking woods around here I'm not
entirely sure I like it here oh is it
just you that is like my worst nightmare
when you're walking the dogs yeah when
you're walking the dogs and you like
imagine like seeing a hand like coming
up Mike people have discovered bodies
whilst walking dogs I'm sure actually
quite a lot of people I'm scared no no
see I'm not going to the woods I've got
my mouse trap on they're not wood worthy
I'm happy walking on the road thanks
very much
yeah so we're just walking the dogs and
then what are we gonna do next pick some
dinner yeah it sounds nice why are you
cooking for dinner
chef chicken stir-fry in ages that's
good I I never have a healthy option at
home because Mike always wants to eat
never gonna happen
mr. Berg sir I see as the changes name
to burger by Dean whole hundred I were
thinking actually about doing the sister
tag I may have finally convinced to do
it tomorrow instead of as like just
doing like a tag video tomorrow um so
let us know if that's something you guys
would want to see as you know I've now
got her on YouTube on the bridal channel
so I feel like now she's not a scared
look she looks quite comfortable doesn't
she she doesn't look too awkward very
bad right we're gonna finish walking the
dogs and then I'll show you her culinary
skills she can cook too she's pretty
she's a pretty good sister she can cook
this is an even creepier part of would
look at it that has got to have dead
bodies in this boy climbed check out
Hanna's tasty spread his super tasty
glass of wine at the ready cheers guys
what have you put in your stir-fry Han
close up it doesn't look appealing close
up ginger garlic very tasty like yeah
I'm really really for today I will see
you all tomorrow I hope you have a great
evening
bye bye
