hey guys so it's vloggers day 13 and
today I'm gonna be doing a tag video I
tweeted you guys and asked if there were
any cool tag videos going around and I
got a lot of responses but most of them
were Beauty related which I didn't
really want to put on this channel but
there was one which caught my eye which
was the confessions of a beauty guru tag
now I actually really don't like calling
myself a guru I don't have anything
against people that call themselves a
beauty guru and I know that it is the
general term for what we do and a lot of
people will call me a beauty guru but I
just think it's a little bit like on
your high horse saying I'm a guru so I
have renamed my tag confessions of a
beauty girl because I don't think I'm a
guru I don't think I'm old enough to be
a guru and know enough about everything
and makeup and beauty in the world and
all that jazz anyway I'm gonna do this
tag video and I'm gonna start now
they're not all about beauty by the way
they're just kind of a few about Beauty
but most of them are about how I do
things on YouTube so it's not
particularly beauty video I thought it
would be fine on my vlog channel so
number one how many hours a week do you
spend filming or editing videos I think
I probably spend about 20 hours a week
if I'm vlogging every day I'll spend one
to two hours a day at filming and
editing and then if I do a beauty video
it's usually like four hours filming and
editing and then obviously I have my
Bridal channel now which is one video a
week so that's probably four hours
filming and editing yeah so probably
about 20 hours and then on top of that
obviously I have to do all the admin
stuff so like reading or replying to
comments like writing my blog actually
takes a huge chunk of time out of my
week so yeah I would say that number two
are you a spender or a saver I'd have to
say I'm a little bit of both while I am
a total Shopaholic and I am one of those
people that cash burns a hole in my
pocket like nothing else like if I have
cash I will spend it within five minutes
but I'm quite good at saving when it's
like in my bank account I have a savings
account which like I religiously puts
money into and then don't touch it until
it's something kind of big or important
to take money out of it from so it's
kind of out of my reach on the more kind
of like instance level like I can't just
be like oh yeah spend it so yeah I'm
kind of 50/50 with spending in savers
okay so number three when is the easiest
for you to film definitely in the
mornings especially Beauty videos
obviously vlogging you can vlog like in
the morning in the evening all day
whenever but for beauty videos I
definitely film in the morning so it's
pretty rare for me to film at all if
it's after lunchtime because I just feel
better in the morning so I don't know
why I'm just much better at organizing
myself and then I like to edit in the
afternoons and get it all done in one
day so that's my kind of little routine
number four what makes talking in front
of a camera comfortable for you time
purely time when I first started making
YouTube videos I was really
uncomfortable talking in front of the
camera and you know three years later
it's fine because I've been doing it
straight for three years there's nothing
like magical that I do before I start
filming like count to sixty five will
touch my nose three times or anything
like that I just had to do it a lot
number five what was your worst hair and
makeup habit definitely like my hair if
I'm having like an off-duty day in the
house I would just bung my hair up in a
bun and not brush it and just kind of
leave it it's pretty bad I guess and
then as for makeup probably not taking
all of my mascara off I'm quite good at
taking my makeup off like face makeup
and most of my mascara but I'm a real
kind of sleepy person like if I'm tired
I find it really hard to just stay awake
and like take my makeup off so I end up
taking like 3/4 of my makeup off and
then leaving a little bit still on my
eyelashes which it's probably not good
but it's not the worst thing in the
world okay so number six one quote that
you wish the world would live by for me
this would definitely be live and let
live because I think everybody while
it's great to have your own opinions and
have your own thoughts I think you have
to respect the fact that everybody is
different everybody wants to live their
life in a different way everybody is
gonna have a different situation and
sometimes you just got to let it slide
nothing is ever going to be perfect
nothing is ever gonna be straight down
the line that's what I think that is a
solution because you know the world
isn't like that human beings aren't like
that so it's there's never going to be a
straight solution for anything in this
world so I think live and let live is my
favorite quote number seven how long do
you spend getting ready every day it
depends what I'm doing if I'm going
and doing like something special if I've
got a special occasion probably like an
hour doing my hair and makeup and
choosing an outfit or whatever if I'm
just at home and I'm putting on a little
bit of tinted moisturizer or mascara and
eyeliner probably half an hour if I have
to wash and dry my hair probably an
extra 10 15 minutes so it really depends
like what I'm doing that day I don't
really have a morning routine of what I
do every day because each day is kind of
different for me if I'm going to
something special I'll spend an extra
amount of time doing my hair and stuff
number 8 your favorite video on YouTube
without a doubt this has got to be the
Catalina video on Joey my friend Joey
Graceffa channel I think it's called
friendship island and it's basically a
montage video from when me Joey Ingrid
and Luke went to Catalina in January and
it just makes me smile every time I see
it
it's just the happiest video and it
reminds me of a really cool couple of
days there and also I love the music to
it it's um a song by another friend that
I met at VidCon called Landon Austin who
makes really really cool music videos if
you guys haven't seen him already I
really like him a lot and he's such a
nice guy too I think it's his old band
color fire I don't think they're making
songs anymore but the song is really
really good number 9 a youtuber that you
watch who deserves more views and
subscribers than they have the person
I'm most obsessed with watching on
YouTube at the moment is Tatiana from
glam life guru a lot of you guys
probably saw her proposal video because
her fiance proposed to her like fire a
YouTube video which was the coolest
thing I like you have to see it together
because it was honestly really a serious
effort it was very very cool and since
watching that I've begun watching her
videos and I just really think she's
very relaxing very easy to watch and I
like her tips and yeah I just really
like her she does have quite a few
subscribers I think she's gone around
50,000 subscribers but I think she
definitely deserves more and her
production quality is fantastic as well
so yeah go and subscribe to her if you
haven't already
number ten one thing you're excited
about in the upcoming year there is one
thing I am so excited about I've booked
a trip a surprise trip for a member of
my family and I'm not going to say who
it is and I haven't told members of my
family about it really there's a couple
of people who know but it's kind of top
secret because yeah I'm so excited and
I'm gonna surprise this said member of
my family but you guys will know about
it when it happens don't worry but that
was definitely the most exciting thing
that's happening this year and obviously
like my wedding totally forgot to say
that Mike and I've actually set a date
for next August so in the upcoming year
we're gonna get married I was just
thinking like this here till December
but in the whole year yeah the wedding
is probably going to be a highlight
number 11 your most Awkward filming
moment I don't tend to have many Awkward
filming moments on my Beauty videos
because it's just me in my bedroom and
usually if there's anything awkward
happening it'll be worth coming in and
like licking her rude bits on the back
and the bed behind me I'm like worth
gross get out and apart from that people
like jumping in the back of your videos
when you're vlogging in the street or
looking at you weirdly or coming up to
you and being like what are you filming
for and how he's trying to explain to
them about daily vlogging it's kind of
awkward number 12
how long does it take you to prep for a
video totally depends on the type of
video this video I just sat down on my
front steps and started filming some of
my beauty videos will take a few days to
prep for to get all the products ready
or to decide what I'm gonna do to try
out the look various things the shopping
video I did with Tanya took at least
like two weeks to prep for because we
had to sort everything out I were okay
was just paying a guest a guest
appearance with her frog which she
thinks is a baby very nice
yeah the shopping video with Tanya took
a long time to prep for because we had
to make sure that Tanya could make it
that day because obviously she doesn't
live in London I didn't live in London
and then I had some friends helping me
to film it so it took a long time to
kind of sort all that out but yeah
generally the higher quality like
production quality the video the longer
it'll take me to
prep for probably the longest time being
a week or two weeks number thirteen are
you wearing pants
shush woof-woof can see a neighbor in
their garden and is barking at them what
she doesn't understand that it's their
garden and they are kind of allowed to
be in their garden come on Willa she's
just gonna sit I go are you wearing
pants jeans a skirt right now are you
actually wearing pajama bottoms I'm
wearing shorts right now
I do sometimes filming pajama bottoms or
tracksuit bottoms in the winter in the
summer I'm usually like out and about
outside a lot so I don't kind of wear
pajama bottoms for that cuz it's kind of
with yeah number fourteen final question
and this is a cheesy question it's what
are you most proud of in your life and
for me I'd have to say my family and I
know this is meant to be I well I think
this question is meant to what are you
most proud of like in terms of my
achievements in my life rather than of
other people and so I don't mean like my
family's achievements I mean the
relationship that we have so I think
it's pretty rare these days to actually
have a family where you're all like best
friends like me and my siblings are so
close probably closer than any of my
friends really well yeah I have a few
best friends that I'd say that equally
as close as maybe but I'm basically best
friends like especially my sister and my
mum we're really really close and I'm
really really proud of that because I
think it isn't the most common or easy
thing to be really good friends to your
family and I'm really proud to have Mike
joining our family as well because he
gets on equally as well with them so I'm
not cheesy cheesy note I will see you
guys tomorrow for vlogmas day 14 ho
really itchy face I hope you enjoyed
this video bye-bye
