hello there guys it's vloggers day 12
and today we are creating a huge mess
and we're cleaning out the loft because
we are putting flooring up here which is
very very exciting because we currently
can't released or anything up here I'm
going to take you up here
it's creepy because this is the only
floor space we have so Mike is up here
it's so hot up here because we were
insulation what are you doing up there
what are you doing removing pipes that
sounds like you shouldn't be doing it oh
they're just in a mess someone's feeling
a bit better today much better he says
from the depths of the Attic Wow are we
flooring must have been the shepherd's
pie it must have been I'm telling you
I'm not entirely sure what's going on up
here because mike has masterminded the
whole thing
so are we flooring the whole of this
most of it it's gonna be also I'm gonna
have so much storage space up here at
the back can you see him down there yes
you must be feeling a lot better to be
doing all this so we've cleared out
there was another junk up here but now
it's all gone and we're gonna get
flooring and hopefully like little chest
of drawers Mike yeah we're not gonna
have like an extra room up here cuz
obviously there's no there's no ceiling
for start it's like all insulation it
can't support the weight and also it's
really really hot and has these beams in
the way so it's not like we can really
create extra awesome rooms but storage
which we really need because our house
is so old it doesn't have much built-in
storage at all hello down there
whoopee whoof his been ro she's like
what's going on where he's been hello no
it's really hot what's been crying and
crying because she found a toy which she
thinks there's a baby
so yeah I'll keep you updated I don't
think we're gonna finish this today
so it'll be a few days before this is
finished what I'll keep you updated it's
gonna be awesome for storage after we
are finished
go on um apart from that I've been
trying to there's a problem with
internet yeah I've been trying to upload
I'm like three or four days behind on
vlogust partly because the Internet's
been bad and partly because I'm just I
got behind and once you are behind it's
difficult to catch up so I'm gonna try
and catch up today if I can fix the
internet and upload at least two days
worth and then catch up to where I am
because it's really like confusing to
review two days out of date shoosh
Wolfie shall we go downstairs you don't
like his being up here do ya silly girl
yeah so I'll keep you updated as to how
that goes we're gonna refresh the engine
physically uploading now um I was but
yeah I've got something cuz it stopped
my lipstick it's really like blue to
look blue in person really blue its Mac
perfect in the night it looks like a
nice violet kind of color but in this
light and looks like blue how's your
father I thought it may as well do a
quick outfit of the day for you as well
whilst I'm here and there's no internet
and I can't upload anything today I've
gone for the bright approach and I'm
wearing my forever 21 pink scarf which
has been probably my most warm scarf and
it was like eight pounds or something
it's amazing my rag-and-bone jumper
which has these cool holes in it then
I'm just wearing a black tank top I
think this is from warehouse and then my
Juicy Couture neon orange short I
actually got these when I was in LA I
think I put two of them in my LA hull
but I ended up buying them in three
different colors because they were like
75% off and so I got the first year I
think they were like 45 50 dollars and
then I went in again and they were an
extra 30% off so they were the
equivalent of like I think about $30 so
like 20 pounds so I bought them in
bright orange too so that is my colorful
outfit of the day also when we were
cleaning out the loft I found this box
with my 21st birthday cards in them and
this one from Mike I just thought I
would show you
because it makes me laugh it says on
your 21st birthday you'd probably be
embarrassed by a mushy-gushy birthday
card so this one just says happy
birthday with a big fat dog on the front
and then you open it up and it's like
this cheesy pop up to a wonderful sweet
smart even charming all round great 21
year old hilarious with a very cheesy
message which I won't read out loud yeah
I love reading through old cards and I
found all my 21st cards which is cool
and because it's when you're 21 I guess
everybody buys extra-special cards so
they're all really nice and sparkly
you're right oh we're just going
upstairs to assess the progress because
my brother and my dad have been round to
help with the flooring and we have an
insane amount so look at the path the
path is full of luggage and Christmas
decorations and sleeping bags and the
storage and more luggage here but
apparently they've done quite a lot here
so wow this is gonna be amazing
I wouldn't say dad said had done the
first section I wouldn't really call
this the first section but I guess once
you like the next few days you'll be
able to do it quickly
is this what it is this the finish
things what's new little a pretty good
how much weight can you put on it you
can walk on it right so I think stuff
yeah good point
there we go guys we've got our first bit
of floor in the attic anything else to
say for today my two photos again yeah
when was the last time you had you had
drugs just take a song ah they should be
not be hurting for long we just had a
Chinese for dinner not very long tea I'm
gonna go to the gym tomorrow morning
yeah
oh yeah that's it for tonight guys we
look quite angelic under this light like
see you tomorrow in the loft thumbnail
