hey guys its longest day eleven and
today I'm about to head off to the gym
as you may be able to tell by my gym
gear I have totally fallen off the gym
wagon like in the last probably week and
a half I've been a couple of times but I
just I'm not feeling it I've stopped
enjoying it as much as I was which is
really difficult because I went through
probably two months of absolutely loving
it and getting along really well and
wanting to go all the time
whereas now I just feel like I don't
want to go like I'm getting like a
little bit of dread every time so I need
to like combat it so this week I'm gonna
like really tackle it and try and make
myself really love it again because I
think everybody goes through kind of ups
and downs but the gym I think especially
if you have spent like a lot of your
life not working out so I'm hoping
that's the case anyway so I'm gonna go
to the gym now and then I think I have
to walk worth because mike is really
Paul he's in here you know he had his
tooth done a couple of days ago well
he's basically been an absolute agony
for the last three days
last night was particularly bad he just
couldn't sleep all night she was in so
much pain which is really horrible to
see in it yeah it's just not cool and I
mean woofs going through a phantom
pregnancy as well so I had Mike like
whining that he was not whining but like
groaning and moaning and like being in a
lot of pain and then wolf at the end of
the bed panting and thinking that she's
giving birth so it's been an interesting
couple of nights yeah and I just hope he
starts to feel better soon because he's
in so much pain I think we need to go
and see the dentist again today and see
if he can get some stronger painkillers
because they just don't seem to be doing
anything and he's just in absolute agony
so that has not been fun especially for
him I mean he's on the sofa today just
yeah really miserable and eating hurts
even anything his whole mouth hurts
apparently so not cool for him but I'm
gonna hit the gym now and then I've got
a couple of errands to run so I'm gonna
take you with me shall we walk you first
with me can we go for a walk come on
then whoof was too desperate to go for
walks I'm gonna walk her first roof gets
so crazy excited when she goes for a
walk it's the funniest thing I just love
watching her um yeah I've bit of an
update for you guys as well
Ingrid and Luke actually couldn't come
this weekend because they got tickets
too
the closing ceremony of the Olympics
which I am so so jealous about I think
it's gonna be absolutely amazing so yeah
they couldn't come and stay which really
really sucks because I was hoping they
could be and it means that we didn't get
to say goodbye to them either so I don't
know I don't know what I'm next gonna
see them which sucks but I don't know
maybe sometime soon I hope I hope to get
out to LA again sometime soon but I mean
this year has been crazy for me going to
LA so I don't think realistically I'm
gonna see them anytime soon which it's
really sad because we thought we kind of
said goodbye you know when you say
goodbye when you kind of think you're
gonna see each other again soon your
sight oh yeah bye see you in a few days
kind of thing so that suck Mike still
poorly do you want to be in film not
know Mike is still feeling poorly on the
sofa I just got back from the gym and it
was actually better than I thought I
might I should do like half an hour
running and then do some weights and
stuff and yeah I feel good I'm like just
hoping that I can really get back into
it cuz like I said it sucks but I'm
gonna make a smoothie now and then I'm
gonna hopefully make some soup for Mike
because he's still feeling really bad
and yeah I think my mom might come
around later for a cup of tea so I will
see you then
Helen okay guys so I've just been out
grocery shopping and I am about to cook
Mike dinner so I thought I would show
you what I'm cooking and how I'm cooking
it now because he's got toothache he
requested something easy to eat so I've
decided to cook shepherd's pie which I
actually even though I cook it with
mints like minced beef
I still call it shepherd's pie which I
believe shepherd's pie is actually when
you cook it with minced lamb and it's
cottage pie when you cook it with beef
but I always call it shepherd's pie
anyway so I'm cooking shepherd's pie so
I have all the ingredients here I have
my super lean beef I have some shallots
and garlic and dami opal and this sauce
because I cheat and put that in it and I
thought tomato puree I forgot to buy
carrots but I think I'm just gonna put
peas in instead because they're good in
there as well
some nice organic potatoes and some
asparagus for the side because I thought
we should really be having some greens
and then sneekly for his pudding so that
it's easy to eat as well I go in some
sticky toffee pudding and the reason why
I like buying Mike this is because I
don't actually like these very much so
I'm not tempted to eat them whereas if I
buying something like
cake I love cheesecake and I'm always
tempted to eat them and whilst I'm
trying to be healthy it's probably not
the best option so I'm gonna get cooking
and I'm gonna show you the finished
result I'm actually quite excited
because I'm doing in a heart-shaped bowl
especially for a surprise for him to
hopefully make him feel better so yeah
he's still on the sofa feeling really
sorry for himself so if you were gonna
write a comment then please wish him to
get well soon because it's really sucky
yeah I'm gonna get cooking and I'll be
back in a minute so I've got the onions
and the garlic browning in this pan and
then I have potatoes for the mash
boiling away in there and then I'm just
gonna add the mince to this and then
wait for it to brown and then add the
sauce for the sauce I added a little bit
of cheeky Tomeo Bolognese low fat I know
probably not the best but Mike doesn't
like right chunky tomato in his food so
we have to compromise and then I put in
a little bit of tomato puree some red
wine just to kind of make it a little
bit richer and tastier and then my
secret ingredients hot sauce so I always
put hot sauce in mints or shepherd's pie
bolognaise cuz I like it a little bit
spicy so I'm gonna add all this into my
mince which is nicely browning and this
is it guys the finished result
doesn't it look tasty just kidding this
is whoops haha he go wheeze you have
some can have some oh she's off her food
with a phantom pregnancy I don't need
come on look is tasty tasty you try you
try good girl good girl okay so this is
what it really looks like and I'm gonna
put them into three bowls this one's for
Mike it's like the big heart-shaped one
to make him feel better this one's for
me because I'm having a Caesar salad as
well and then I'm gonna do I think
there's a bit too much there like
there's quite a lot so I'm gonna do one
and freeze one so just try and do this
with one hand this could be
treacherously dangerous
gonna pop in some
maybe two spoonfuls maybe two and a half
and then I'm gonna pop in some mashed
potato spread it around a little bit
dan I have a little bit of cheddar I'm
gonna sprinkle this on top just a little
bit on mine cuz I don't want as much
cheese as Mike like that and then I'm
gonna pop them in the oven and grill the
cheese and then we'll be done
tada the finished result doesn't look
tasty mmm I'm gonna take it to Mike and
see what he thinks this is mine I have a
weird concoction of Caesar salad with
asparagus and chilies in it but oh well
I'm weird I like to eat weird things
let's see what Mike thinks is it tasty
can you eat it with your tooth how are
you feeling rubbish nice pouch eating
like a hamster that's pretty much
liquidized is it tasty though very tasty
should we watch a movie tonight
fancy watching a movie have you got any
DVDs that we haven't watched you watch
Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy softly
did you so we're gonna watch a movie and
Wolfie is looking a big toe that wasn't
pretty great yeah she just I think she
was a shepherd so she wanted some
shepherd's pie I didn't save her a
little bit of mints I know she likes it
do you want it Oh whoopee um but we are
gonna watch a movie now and hopefully
you feel a bit better you've been
smashing some painkillers haven't you
into friend numb the pain
about to dentist tomorrow is he gonna
redraw it I reckon like dad said I
reckon he's gonna get more antibiotics I
think he's gonna give you antibiotics
well you say more anything might have
you might have to drain it I think on
that note guys we will see you tomorrow
hopefully Mikey will be smiling again
I'm not that tall
