hey guys it's bogus day ten and I'm with
Mike and we are just on our way to
Mike's parents house because we are on
the hunt of some pretty flowers to film
in front of for a video for my beauty
channel and look at Mike's he's playing
golf today legally sure and then he has
to pull his socks up on the golf course
to I think it's very funny very very
funny but it's another beautiful day
Mike's playing golf I'm filming and then
I'm heading over to my mum's and then I
think I have a friend's birthday party
tonight which should be fun
what are you doing this evening yeah see
how you aim you have you've been in pain
all night haven't you not very good well
hello again guys in my weird Irish
accent so we are just about to head off
to a friend's birthday party and it's a
family friend so my mom and dad are also
going so we thought we'd do a quick
outfit of the day and I've managed to
convince my mom to do it with me so do
you want to shall I film you first or do
I wanna go gonna go first there she is
look do you want to film me first and
there you go if you hold it okay okay
so I'm pretty much wearing the same
outfit that I wore the other day with a
little bit of a different twist so I
have on my future shirt which is from
Greece which I wear all the time
absolutely love it and then I have all
my Alexander McQueen scarf from Ingrid
which I love and then I have paired it
with the same skirt which is from the
coupons which I got in the sale so it
looks like flats I like how it kind of
stitches you in at the waist of quite
like that and then I have on some rose
gold bracelets
have a look at them I have on my rose
gold wrap bracelet and my Michael Kors
rose gold watch and
my Chanel sunglasses which I'm probably
not going to wear because it's getting
dark and then I have my eye Panama or
ipanema black flip-flops which I love
and my Chanel bag and what are you
wearing mum are you nervous white jeans
white jeans richer from where mum was
having a wardrobe clear out today whiney
nice colour because you got blue eyes
and then if she's got heels on what's
happened to you women you never wear
heels where are they from
Oh Massimo Dutti ah nice which is very
snazzy your hair looks nice - give me a
twirl
I did mom's hair for her and that's it
yeah mom always wears the same perfume
which I absolutely love
and it's the one for black orchid and it
just smells like mum to me so that is it
oh and mum has wrapped bracelets on to
the navy one that one is a Monica
vinegar editor yeah and this is my navy
wrap bracelet representing mum
representing so yeah that is it for
today's vlog guys I hope you all have a
great weekend and I will see you
tomorrow bye
