well hello there everybody in this vlog
is day 9 and today I have a very unhappy
Mike de force what has happened to you
Mike's had to go to the dentist today
which is never fun but a lot of you
noticed when we were in LA
Mike's had a problem with one of his
front teeth and for those of you who
didn't say anything thanks so much for
those of you who wrote rude comments not
very nice of you he obviously knows that
he has a problem with his teeth and he's
getting it something horrible mean
people look I will get on to that in a
minute you lost your front teeth in your
kid how are we like 8 or 9 know about 12
12 how do you his sister kicked him in
the face with a football game but it's
not funny it's not funny at all so today
you had to go and no wait you had what
is it a crown that you've had no I've
had like it's like a filling nearly it's
just like a tempura fake tooth anyway on
this front tooth for the last 15 years
and it started to go a bit dodgy yeah so
you went in today and started getting
kind of started the treatment yeah to
get a new tooth basically and that's why
it was looking a bit bad because you
couldn't get in before we left so so
today you had a nice man drill into the
back of your tooth and before because
then when I was a kid
apparently the root moves the oldie get
this now like those gaps in that scene
and back to who's going hence what was
going black just the idea of that mouth
and show everybody your needle that he
gave you that is one hell of a needle
you didn't actually have that because I
mean we did it Jeff but because my tooth
has no root in it in the first place
then it didn't really hurt too much
apart when he was really poking up at
the top of my mouth yeah but so I've
basically got another six weeks until I
have to go back and have a new root
a long time to fix this yeah and then in
the three months after that battle then
I can consider having a new cap after
that but I'm gonna have shiny white
teeth yeah which I do not I wanted to go
and see Batman tonight again I want to
go and see about mine desperately but
Mike's tidy de force because the house
is such a mess
let me show you we've got mess all up in
here metal in the kitchen look at this
huge pile of ironing oh and mess all up
on the table mess all up everywhere all
over the side so we have to tidy up and
I think Luke and Ingrid might be coming
to stay we're not entirely sure Luke in
with Tanja and Jim might come and stay
on Sunday I can't even I need some toast
we make treatment to it just on the
roast I'm cooking them what else does
everyone think really we should show
Ingrid and Luke and hydrogen when
they're here any suggestions let us know
apart from that you anything else to say
today there's gonna be a super short
vlog we need more stuff to say you also
say well we've still got a I've got a
clean we can clean show you guys how I
hover we can do a mini montage of
cleaning that would be highly but I'm
sure people that love to see that
they'll be very worried but because my
face feels like I know I wanted to do a
cool Batman review vlog but maybe they
can do that another day how to do it
another day yeah we'll do it it'll be
fun no suspense and worth waiting for
yeah the cat's chilling someone
commented on how they saw the cat in the
background of the video the other day
and thought it was a raccoon these guys
don't look too much like raccoons do
they
haha does it worth look more like a
raccoon
whoopee Woo's well guys that is it for
today but as always or as always on
vlogging months I will see you tomorrow
bye I also forgot to say to you guys
that the rose gold wrap bracelets which
look like this
are back in stock on my site now these
went out of stock almost as soon as I
got them a few months ago and I've only
just managed to get them back in stock
so I've had a lot of people asking about
when they will be back and how many I
would have but they are back in stock
this is them if you haven't seen them
already and hopefully they will be there
for a little while because I have
ordered more stock than they did last
time because I didn't realize the demand
was gonna be so great but it's awesome
that you guys love these and yeah if you
are after one last time I got so many
emails after they went out of stock
saying please when you're gonna get them
again but I have them hooray bye
