hello there guys hello there it's
vloggers day 8 and in case you're
wondering why I look incredibly
attractive
I mean sweaty I have just had a training
session and I got my ass whooped and now
I want to just go back to bed cuz I'm so
tired
and in case you're wondering why Mike
looks so sweaty and unattractive that's
just what he looks like all the time
what are we doing today we're watching
the Olympics right now we just had some
breakfast
yes doesn't work today got lieutenant
coming around this evening lieutenant
American say lieutenant English our
friend who is in the army but not James
who was at Windsor the other day is
coming round this afternoon I'm we're
gonna have many funny sociable maybe but
the sun is shining whoa you can't even
see this is so bright the sun is shining
for the first time in a very long time
woof is going a bit psycho she's not she
was crying all night Oh
all night she's having fun to pregnancy
and she's saying I didn't know you
cannot talk a dog into having a phantom
pregnancy you can't I don't want to move
I'm saying all myself I don't want to
move so tired you've been exercising all
morning supposed to be fit and healthy
I'm go through a bit of a lull in my
motivation for my working out at the
moment I think it's because I've been
away from home so I did like five days
that going to gym and I kind of lost my
motivation and now I feel like I don't
want to go so I was talking to my
trainers morning she's like you will get
you through it but she's going on
holiday next week No so rubbish you guys
can if you have any motivation of words
for me then let me know because I need
it
believe me man up man get off your ass
and Manor get on with it
we're just talking to earth and asked
her if she likes
swimming do you really like swimming
what about walk walkies what about balls
swimming and balls should we go yeah I'm
I'm wearing white shorts and you're very
money what
come on in come on in let's go play hey
Weez
what's this oh you ready are you ready
you fetch it
whoa goofy swim swim swim
Carl woof swim swim yeah yeah gonna get
another one fetch it hello hello what
are you doing
barbeque lamb koftas
not those ones the mango and lime
chicken between what should we get guys
for getting barbecue supplies ribs and
they're in the three for ten pounds
where we going here many burgers these
are two what three patterns yes
hey guys it's actually the next morning
now and I've just remembered we didn't
finish the vlog last night fail ultimate
vlogging fail but what do we do we had a
tasty barbecue and ate all of that food
that you saw us purchasing and quite a
lot of people around which is why I
didn't finish my vlog because we were
kind of busy hosting was being the host
deaths without the most s cuz Mike
always barbecues I'm not very good at
barbecuing I always burn everything I
think it's a man's job yeah it kind of
is like I taste precision and finesse
well I always just kind of burn
everything it's not good it's not good
but we will see you guys in tomorrow's
vlog which is actually today slightly
confusing I know but technically today
but in terms of vlogging tomorrow
goodbye okay going oh you're gonna die
die quietly
