good morning guys welcome to the second
defender II today I'm in the bathroom
and it's actually not messing who has
packed up all my stuff ready to go to
the silo tonight I wanted to show you my
outfit we'll head out so what I'm
wearing today I have on my all saint-pol
elect cashmere jumper which can't really
see but it's there I have on the scarf
which is for Matt Jimmy Choo my coat is
my Zara coat which is my favorite except
for the fact that the pocket is have
both got holes in the bottom so you put
things in your pocket and it falls
straight through to the bottom of the
lining of your coat it's really really
annoying and then I have the dorama
silver bag on which is loaned this is
for me the last time you get to wear I
have to give it back when I go home but
so nice and then I have on some well
using from a soft jeans my was play
essential suits which are very yesterday
as well and that is my outfit we're
going to get some breakfast I'm
currently using the hotel Wi-Fi to
upload a video that taking ages so when
you got for breakfast in the meantime
it's a beautiful day in New York the Sun
set this morning was insane you guys
have seen it in yesterday's video but
look how beautiful today is I do also
just realized I might actually be able
to take my sunglasses out today and this
excites me greatly because I basically
haven't worn me out I bought them like
ages ago like three weeks ago and I
haven't worn them so let's crack them
out these are the numbers in question I
actually bought them in the airport
going to Canada and I wore them for like
two minutes in Canada when it was sunny
but apart from that it hasn't been sunny
their deal and they have like disco ball
kind of style at the top and really
really loved them so bling but yeah I
love them and this is what they look
like on my face do you like them kind of
obsessed we've come to get some
breakfast in the hotel restaurant
how gorgeous is it in here guys it's so
Sistani I don't know if you can be able
to see anything but it's so amazing
we're in this like conservatory and so
all nerve you leave like that actually a
little bit too warm as you spray the
heaters but it's so nice
such a beautiful that but I love this
appellant Rose come on the folks are
saying at the Bowery things funny when
you favorite on New York and Lavinia
breakfast is arrived I ordered with
poached eggs and well it said exotic
mushrooms I think it just means like
fancy ones it looks really good I don't
actually know what kind of consistency
this is going to be because sometimes
polenta's like quite solid but this is
almost like quite saucy looks really
good anyway also ordered green juice
which is delicious
Ransome it already and flat white yes in
my belly
oh come on we've been in bloomingdales
because I'm looking for a dress that I
speak from going to a fast event and I
managed to find a couple when they
didn't have my size
we're now heading into Mora on the
school Ingrid limited-edition Berman
Oscar which came out yesterday a
lifetime kind of program that really
really wants it they don't have it guys
I think it's online only hmm so we just
popped into Zimmerman in Soho and I've
never been in here before I've always
just admire the dresses from the fire
and they have this massive fail on look
how beautiful everything is so nice and
may have to try something wrong guys oh
my god this one is so cute so I said I
wasn't shopping guys in New York but we
just found the most amazing deals I've
got three dresses I'm probably going to
show you in tomorrow's vlog because it
was a little bit flustered in the
changing room I was just like getting
really excited anyway and I also got a
present for my sister-in-law because her
birthday tomorrow
what see and we've got guys if YouTube
fails
I'm just moving to New York and working
with this lady look at the footage oh my
god they like all match almost other so
cute I can't deal with that leaving New
York guys going to the airport
such a pretty evening hi bye I'm
actually coming back in like three days
left until next week made it home guys
I'm so tired
but on the plus side I've got these guys
these guys oh oh I miss you
almost it's a doggy pile on is the doggy
time I love you know our egos oh my
goodness hey I miss you dearly but I
don't want to tell you my mouth never
know how you doing India thank you I'm a
human cookie mother spaniels in the
world run around so for now haven't we
piggy
you have missed India to breath stop
encouraging her the world done in the
face
she's so cute alright now it's official
guys we need a bigger sofa because we've
got three little sofas and we can't all
fit on the same side but those pointers
doesn't you're looking at still the same
size they're just slightly shallow it
like somewhere like in a bigger size oh
it says whatever that deeper so we can
all sit on them that way you listen I
want to fit on there with you guys
so I've had possibly the laziest day in
the history of existence
I felt so rubbish and I've been cuddling
all p.g sliding off the cushion I've
been cuddling this one and this one and
this one when he was around but you also
haven't been around that much today
and just smoothing and watching Beyond
which is my new favorite series on
Netflix if any of you guys watched it
have you been watching it have you seen
it if you haven't you need to watch it
I basically watched the first episode
the day before I went to States and then
I got there and it wasn't showing in the
US which is really weird because the
u.s. show and I'm pretty sure the
Netflix original isn't it I don't
understand why it wasn't showing in the
state anyway so I've got back down of
watch like five episodes of it I just
want to sleep of it in the last one so
I'm thinking I can't remember what
happened I'm going to have to rewind but
it's amazing if you guys interested in
it and if you like like super a stranger
things away you might like we finish
early yes thank you so you told me off
she told me off for watching somebody
that says where is she watch all of the
way without me yeah well sometimes when
you go we have to do anything but right
well I had a much more fun day than you
Mike's been looking at Morgan
three-wheelers file if anyone doesn't
know what that is you guys there's a
reason for it and you wouldn't want to
know they are not oh my god that's so
uncool basically googling if you don't
want more than three wheelers guys this
is what Mike is determined that he's
going to have because he's an old man
basically and basically I've been
looking
five years and I've been mm-hmm
not sure not sure this is glance on it
this year I've just remote you know what
life short live it so I'm trying to the
problem is though I can't fight at the
moment there's such a big working this
on them I'll going but they're so cool
it's such a big weight on it I can't you
also October the moments good bring now
the Divas which was said I think you
should wait until next summer but I
might have way because you might not
want it by then oh yeah sure hello
I've waited five years like what it's
not cool is it picking know you love it
yeah a little like leather cap into
little mini goggles I think he's easily
flapping in the wind how low look we
just like a for only the best husband in
the world
cook dinner when you feel in jet lag
people you are freaking delicious I feel
like the rest of today's vlog since I
got home it's been pretty boring but I'm
about to get in to my own bed and I'm
very excited and yeah I just wanted to
say good night and I'll see you in the
morning
bye
