hey guys and welcome to vloggers day 7 I
had the best sleep in the whole world in
the whole world guaranteed no one has
had a better sleep than me probably they
have but you know what I mean I honestly
feel amazing today I was so tired last
few days have been so rushed but look
who I found
well I didn't really find him he was
just at home and I wasn't at home but
we're sitting in Mike's car because
someone's pimped his ride which these
cars are not mentally pimps they're
meant to be like truck
this is pimp what do you think enough I
think and whoops now not allowed to sit
on the seat it's actually quite right
now I might just got back from works in
a mighty Batman cuz I've wanted to see
it since it came out but it's a nice day
so we think we might go out for dinner
for a romantic dinner together
where'd you fancy going for dinner you
wanna go to a pub I don't know oh you
wanna go somewhere else
no I think regardless laughter VIN
Graham to book a table I was like
typically said he doesn't want to do any
romantic he really doesn't he's gonna
invite other people we film a little
outfit of the day I'm wearing my black
skirt which is from the cupola and I
absolutely love this I bought some sale
and Selfridges before we went to LA so
over a month ago now but it's kind of
stretchy and I really like the cut it
has these kind of origami like style
details which I like and it's covered in
dog hair clip and cuddling worth but
don't tell anyone
oh whoops I just totally you guys then I
have this scarf on which was actually a
present from Ingrid for my birthday and
it's baby pink or like a very very pale
pink with rose gold skulls and flames on
it so cool absolutely love this and it's
it is quite tricky to wear because it's
got this kind of like pleated effect so
I'm still kind of playing with it and
working out the way I like to wear it
but today I've literally just like
draped around my neck and it kind of
stays quite well like that and then my
shirt is from Ralph Lauren which I got
and that's it I was wearing shoes I'm
not wearing any more but I was wearing
my black just plain black ballet flats
and that's it what are you wearing today
are you gonna do an outfit today
really scruffy Mike's wearing a black
t-shirt from American Eagle and dirty
jeans from Abercrombie and a belt from
Abercrombie and his nike pumps show
everyone your pumps yeah you're a scruff
bag then do my interior been doing your
interior let's go for dinner can we go
do not put the camera on that cat
what are you doing Brad let's get
ringing mrs. where are we
and we're having to do stealthy filming
is that really close something possibly
like myself to rename to read terrine
sorry
this week we're in a pickle movie and
then I'm going for a main course no I
was going to get the gamma I think I'm
doing to either get the beer but I've
had it I'm going for the seared tuna
loin kalamata olive tapenade anything
else a red pepper mayonnaise and soft
bill quail's egg and then a minute the
Philip of gilt-head bream cauliflower
tapioca saffron braised fennel local
crayfish sea asparagus
are you can't see it why is this your
dog leaving the pub leaving the pub
sorry and we were in a room full of it's
actually pretty rare for young people in
small cars like you taught to drive a
manual yeah yeah everybody can drive a
manual pretty much a bad feeling I've
got my finger over the speaker for the
last 30 seconds possibly I have my
finger there so so you might not have
heard what we just said it might we're
talking about sex
we're gonna go home now and have a
cuddle with whoopee you know watch the
Olympics was he's had it having another
function eliminating forever and she's
created since someone came home in every
single bed in the house with babies in
in our bed she's pushed all the dude I
just pounced on the other woofers only
just had a phantom pregnancy since this
morning she hasn't had one the entire
time so purely just you told us she was
having long as she had one she wasn't
right tomorrow guys I don't know what we
do
but we will see them did that make you
jump I bet it make them jump goodbye
