hey guys so super early in the morning
right now and I'm going to progress or
not because I forgot my pants right now
without using expletives I can't tell
you like I'm such an idiot so basically
they're really nice guy they take it off
it exchange them for no fee so I'm going
to be able to be on a later train but I
have to get a train back home meet Mike
at the station and pick up my passport
so finding the others are having a nice
coffee at the station and then getting
on the early train and you know it's all
glamorous but stupid one every corner
here totally forgot so it's gonna be
interesting bloggers day six by the way
hello again I'm back in London and I
just met Mike at the train station near
our house
he was waiting at the barriers with my
promise book like hanging over look who
I'm going to Paris hey yeah I had a
four-minute changeover between trains at
the station so and the first train was
like two minutes late so I literally had
to run to the barrier like grab my
passport off Mike and then run and jump
on the train and it just left just as I
got on it so I'm just heading back over
to some Paris and hopefully getting on
the next train I think I'm going to be
two hours behind the guys which
considering like I don't live in London
I live kind of far I'm pretty impressed
that
two hours later than everybody else but
means I had to be on my own which kind
of sucks but on a plus side my cash he
also brought me my euros which I forgot
and my Kindle which I forgot so I won't
have to get too bored so yeah quickly I
was so I've arrived I'm in Paris finally
two hours later than expected but I'm
just about to meet the guys I'm actually
meeting them under the Eiffel Tower how
romantic does that Sarah and it's
actually a really really nice day in
Paris it's warm but it's not too hot I
think it's like the perfect temperature
but yeah I'm excited to see you go I
can't believe I was so stupid
yep my possible I literally dances hat
is on me today for sure okay so I'm
right the I haven't been here for a very
very long time and I'm looking for the
guys but it's actually so busy some
reason becomes really dark and it's
really windy and my skirt is flying off
it's slightly embarrassing so I may have
to stop vlogging yeah so look who I
found
fancy seeing you guys in Paris Ingrid's
being touristy with her come Ingrid and
Joey arrive like wow the camera nothing
we are waiting for you can jam it out
because they had a little bit of a
detour to find a lost camera but it's
sudden the sun's come out so we are
sitting in the park having a chill out
and I didn't miss anything at magic no I
missed breakfast and that was it I
bought in the station I bought a ham and
cheese class I was like if I can't be in
Paris I'm still gonna have a lesson and
it was like Dilys de France or whatever
you know that like yeah tacky like not
so good friends Oh cafe I was like
but here I am what are we going to do
now after this when the boys come back
because the queue is huge think he was
like three miles long Joey's like I want
to go up are you sure we could like just
we can kind of somehow like climb up the
side Joey thinks it's really big but I
think the Eiffel Tower is kind of small
in comparison to I always thought Italy
Big Ben is definitely prettier yeah
because yeah it is very pretty but also
like I think the rest of Paris in
general is probably prettier than London
like the whole of it but I think parts
of London are pretty here it is guys
there it is and we're just finding out
trying get in but the queue looks huge
so we will keep you updated and if
you're allowed to film in that do you
don't think so Ingrid said she brought
there's no flash
we'll see we're in the Louvre cool of
you down there
yeah and those guys up there random
people who we don't know which may be a
little off which I've never actually
been in here before I've been to Paris
so many times I've never been
interviewed so I didn't know that what
happened I've been missing out my whole
life it's pretty busy in here as well so
you can't film in here it's pretty cool
but do you like this show it's wonderful
it's pretty busy as well and there is a
headless angel on top of the stairs I'm
actually really really not knowledgeable
about any kind of art so it's only
really famous I should know which'll
probably is considering where it is then
you can all laugh at me but we're going
up
to find the Mona Lisa you're gonna do a
commentary of where we are now doing
right now we're in the common area of
Hogwarts there's talking paintings that
will tell us full stories cool
what's the Mona Lisa gonna say to you
doing she's gonna smash it that's the
real one oh here she is guys with all
her adoring placards her name Mona
that's my question yeah I mean was was
Lisa
crying laughing and I think all the
other paintings in the room yeah I bet
they even barely get look we just
finished lunch we have lunch in hotel
cost witches yeah it's a really snazzy I
am a she stayed him yeah yeah so weird
Tonya was like I already want to go to
this place like it's called the hotel
and Queen Latifah is on the next Wow
Luke Conrad what are you doing Oh Connor
hard what was it the Josh said Cunard's
Queen Latifah did she is me that's
opposed to her I suppose
it's like guys that's like Queen Latifah
and she had no make bonnie verse there
like is it
not her and it was and then someone had
if someone had a picture without
everyone like Oh Peter I'm amazing we're
going to so the last stop guys in Paris
for the day is Jim time to observe Jim
it's it's not true Dom this is only I'm
really gusting you guys can see the back
at the back is amazing like way better
than Jack why what's different it has
like just solar flying flying buttresses
in the ass area so this is gonna read I
don't even know what they're doing right
now
they're like fighting they hit the
kissing thing they just like you just
like in America let's just say yeah
sorry I was bad so I'm gonna end my vlog
here guys
I hope you enjoyed Paris I did get here
eventually it was I will see you
tomorrow I guess
the evil Luke
