hey guys so it's locust day five and I'm
back in London again I feel like I have
been going back and - from places like
at yo-yo for the last few days I am so
so exhausted we had such an amazing time
last night after I last saw you we went
back out and had a real good good time
at the wedding we did lots of dancing
and just lots of meeting new people kind
of getting to know people but it was
really cool and now I'm back in London
and I am waiting for Tonya Jim and Joey
to arrive because they're coming to stay
at my sister's tonight which is where I
am now because our train tomorrow
morning as super dooper so yeah then
we're gonna head out to our meetup and
some of us go which I'm really excited
about I've got to run out and get a few
things from the shop before they get
here and I think I have like an hour so
I'm gonna make this short and sweet this
little intro and I'm gonna run out and
get some stuff and I will see you and
well hopefully with all the guys oh my
gosh and another thing it has been like
torrential raining today for like the
whole morning I drove back in like
seriously what's difficult to see you
know when a wintry and weapons are going
so fast and you're like I can't see like
slowed right down it's been like that
all morning and the Sun has just come
out so I'm hoping it stays it's one
o'clock now so we have three hours till
the meetup which is outside and I just
don't know what we're gonna do if it
rains like I'm guessing people will
bring on brothers but a meet-up with
umbrellas is kind of awkward because
everybody will be like was there
umbrella I don't know I'm thinking maybe
we should have done that somewhere
inside it was kind of a bit of an
oversight on our part because it's been
quite nice weather for last few days so
I guess we just didn't really think
about it well like oh if it rains it
won't like rain for long but sunshine
Pooh you stay out I know - stinky boy
we are just on the way to a meter we're
actually gonna go to meet Luke and
Ingrid first yeah then we're gonna go to
a meet-up and I'm kind of server so you
sweetie but I gather to work nervous
before yeah anything else to say run
onto the street which is pretty busy
actually over Sunday how many people you
people come like it's always such a
guest when we've done them before and
reminded one like eighteen months ago I
think about four people came
I'm guessing and there's six of us who
knows guys we will see a lot maybe or it
could be no one yeah and we now have no
friends Luke's influence could be
rubbing off on everybody and then we'd
all have no friends yeah hey guys so we
are just coming up to the meetup now we
actually met some people walking here as
well and this is insane oh this is
mental for us we're like without cameras
this is crazy
we just finished our Meetup and Joey's
gone mad he's actually gone mad the wind
change and your face is talking like
that did you guys have a good time naked
only amazing gift it's Christmas know we
can go in nobody wants to go now no it's
just up here
we just finished how much I was quite
how many who do you think with that five
thousand trillion million feet Michael -
yeah round about that I reckon I made it
like a hundred people are you joking
there was no 400 people a time there was
five thousand we should have a wager
guys who do you think will they're where
I'm with you I think that was 200 max
you actually you wet yourself yeah we're
all very new counted who was the girl in
character I everybody was like we're
easy I was like yeah he's not right so
we're gonna go and get some food now I
think place is called black and blue
it's the steak place it's really good
I'm hoping everybody likes it you know
he's really fast but I got him to check
the menu and he said it's acceptable
demon Joey Joey hungry hello everybody
we're back at my sister's now we got
back I'm so tired just through out there
how many times where I said I'm so tired
today
and the boys got frozen yogurt look so
yummy tasty what's that company calls
I've never seen it yo yo yo and isn't
rising like yoga jogging and we are
gonna open all these awesome
presents
that subscribers brought us which crazy
but if you want to see what's inside
though I think we're gonna open them on
someone else's channel so make sure your
going like look at that looks because
this is gonna be really boring end of my
vlogs I'm so tired I can't even my brain
isn't working properly it's like well
this is cool you can see Joey eating his
yogurt but we're going to Paris tomorrow
I'm gonna get such an early night
tonight because we're leaving at like
5:00 in the morning so yeah we'll see
you tomorrow good why he's leaving in a
few days just kidding
I'm back for like five seconds just to
say a massive massive thank you to or
everybody that came to the Meetup and
especially if you wrote me a letter or
brought me a gift
we've just sat and opened them all and I
didn't vlog before I like said I'll go
and watch everyone else's channel but I
thought it's really important to say a
big thank you on my channel too because
you guys are awesome and if you want to
see some of the gifts that we were given
the other guys are kind of film this
opening and stuff but I was given some
awesome things and thank you so much for
uh for if anybody brought me stuff one
of my favorite things actually is this
little mirror let me show you this it's
like a handbag mirror that says I love
dogs ah that's cool and I got some cute
little bits of jewelry and a scarf and
amazing thing so thank you for coming
and I I've lost it worse right now what
Joey Graceffa sex God we're all
massively jealous I want to know where
to find these Eva do a closing dance
