hey guys it's longest day four and today
I'm going to the wedding I'm in the car
as you might be able to tell obviously I
am just on my way to the bride's house
because very last minute last night my
friend Kat who is getting married asked
me if I would help I would do her makeup
which it's awesome but like really
last-minute so I had to like wash all my
brushes and everything and get
everything ready so I'm headed over to
her I'm not with Mike Mike had to leave
earlier but keys the keys because he is
an usher and he has to go and do the
guy's stuff and all that kind of stuff
and I think he's actually driving Kat
and her dad to the wedding I think I'm
kind of unsure about what's been going
on the last few days have been so busy
but I'm headed back down to win the area
again where we were yesterday cuz that's
where the wedding is and I'll try and
show you a little bit of the wedding I
haven't really spoken to Kat about it
yet but I think she said that it's cool
to vlog there she said to Mike yesterday
anyway but I want to like talk to her
first and make sure but I might be able
to like show you a little picture of my
dress or something
I'm sure she'll look gorgeous I love
weddings I'm not dressed yet as he might
not to tell because it's really early in
the morning it's like she's not that
early it's 10 plus 10 so I'm a little
bit late so I better get going and I
will see you in a bit look who I found
fancy seeing you here my fiance I keep
on going halfway in between boyfriend
and fiancee and calling Mike fiance
sorry it just looks so much like Beyonce
are just confusing with Beyonce all the
time umm.we it's quite a lot later now
actually I thought it was about six
o'clock what price 8:30
the wedding's been really fun and we
have just checked into a hotel room and
we're about to go back for the first
dance and all that jazz which is very
exciting I don't know if I'm gonna have
to have to be able to vlog when were
there because I didn't actually ask Kat
about it and like if I did vlog there
I've wanted to be like in the vlog okay
I think so it's been a really awesome
day and Kat looked beautiful she looked
beautiful anyway before I did her makeup
but I think she liked to make it which I
was really happy about and what have you
been doing today I've been uh sure
Mike was uh sure
been chauffeured chauffeur driving you
had to give out presents and stuff then
you had to assure people to places very
important job we're here these days but
yeah we it's really hot in this room
like ridiculously hot and there's no air
conditioning yeah like I'm in a dress
and I'm hot Oh glad you haven't had to
wear three piece of mornings yeah will
you do an outfit of the day oh do enough
if they just without your jacket doesn't
look good today
Mike was wearing a morning suit which I
don't think let's go away from the light
so you're actually like I don't think
they actually do they wear morning suit
outside of the jacket he's gonna put
this gonna fit a jacket on I'm gonna do
an outfit of the day without the jacket
hey yo cuz I don't I don't need a jacket
actually let me go to the full length
huh this is the dress that I'm wearing
today I've actually really loved this
dress I bought it for spikes christening
it's from All Saints it's like this
austere colored silk dress and yes I do
have flats on I had the same shoes that
I wore for my engagement party if you
didn't see my engagement party outfit
today is on my Bridal channel which is
bride to force and I will link it in the
information table if you guys want to go
check it out but I was wearing the same
shoes as that and they are super super
high and normally they're quite comfy
because they have a platform but because
I've worn the night before last
I literally let after a few hours I had
to change them in flats but this is my
outfit and I did have a jacket earlier
but it's hot so if I don't have a jacket
now but Mike on the other hand is
wearing this which is a traditional
morning suit which he looks very dapper
in it don't you think the Rose is
looking a little bit worse when out it
was looking perfect this morning - it's
just gone in the back then oh you put it
another seat back yeah it's really nice
and all of their bridesmaids dresses and
seat backs and like all the little
details with this like metallic teal
color which is very pretty so we're
having a good time guys I'm not probably
eating which I can may tell they come
back
I have a bit of dancing we might do some
dance hey I hope definitely I'm not
feeling like the unseen fight huh
I'm so tired the last few days have just
been absolutely exhausting hence the
short vlogs as well and I'm really sorry
guys for the short blogs but yeah I'm
doing some cool stuff we're into Paris
on Monday which is really exciting
oh wait I mean we me Jim Joey
Tania Ingrid and Luke not Mike and then
a meetups wrong which was like that but
later I think I'm gonna be dead by
Tuesday like we've been like getting
them average about four or five hours
sleep every night for tonight I guess we
know because what we probably quite a
small a mini mini lion well what's that
oh you're gonna tie it around your head
maybe Oh Mike and his friends his friend
who is the groom this evening have this
joke where they tie ties when I come
from okay hey just was like he's your
demonstration know you'll have to do an
evening tomorrow
but what if they don't see eye tight
around the head like it's basically what
am i from it's like my dad's like dad's
dancing like old school dad dancing like
playing like sort of summer of 69 stupid
things like that so it's like hey trust
me they will it's basically from that
and we always stem from one everyone's
2018 to 21st
it's like parties and weddings Oh Matt
Matt guys see you later
