hey guys Joey and look who I found
we are at Windsor Castle again I think I
vlogged heard what twice in the last
behind the last like three months so
it's a castle going on right here tell
me where we're going
are we going in here hey guys so it's a
little bit late now we've just left the
castle I didn't actually plug much oh
it's Joey again you're not allowed to
plug inside the castle I didn't plug
much thanks actually did you like it it
is really it's definitely worth visiting
but I mean I've done pretty much a full
vlog of everything that you can film at
Windsor once before so if you guys want
to go and see that I mean if you search
back to my vlogs Windsor it will come up
so I didn't want to like repeat myself
for everybody that's seen it already but
the castle is awesome and it was really
cool to show like Joey I was like kind
of renovated inside I was kind of
expecting it to be like a classic yeah
it is very it's really really well
maintained like they keep everything
really really snazzy but it's so
beautiful in that light it's great and
James actually gave us like a full tour
which was also I didn't realize he was
gonna do that I got one of those bears
yeah got to try on the bearskin and the
jacket the other boys tried on the
jacket what did you think of our nogen
good do you feel like you've ticked off
another thing to visit in your home
country now you've had that bedroom and
the sword all of that stuff which is
very exciting and now we're gonna go for
a pub lunch
yeah I get this so much so much in my
videos whenever I say TK Maxx I know
it's t.j.maxx you stupid no here you go
guys look max not to j TK hey guys so
I'm back at my sister's now in London I
actually ended up driving Joey
Tanya and Jim back here because they
left their stuff at my sister's cuz they
stayed here last night and then Ingrid
and Luke got the Train because Mike's
had to stay in Windsor for a rehearsal
dinner for the wedding that we're going
to tomorrow says I'm kind of complicated
and I'm so so tired so I'm really sorry
today's vlog isn't gonna be really long
I kind of feel like I should have loved
more WinZip but like I said just now
like I've been there quite a few times
recently and I feel like if you watch my
vlogs like all the time then you may
feel like you've seen it all already so
I'm gonna link to my own vlog that I did
there which shows you like all the
castle and stuff in more detail and
changing up the guards and stuff like
that but now I am just in my room at my
sister's and I am on my laptop and I'm
so tired
I've just been editing some videos
exporting some videos there should be a
new one going up on my Bridal channel
and I'm filming another one tomorrow
morning to go up on my main channel and
then I'm filming editing yesterday's
vlog and filming this one and then
editing this one so I think it's just
gonna be an evening of like editing and
blog stuff for me so that is pretty much
it before I go I wanted to say as well
I'm gonna be doing a meet-up
on Sunday which is the what date is it I
didn't even think sunday the 5th of
August in London in Soho Square at 4
p.m. and Joey Tania Jim Luke and Ingrid
all gonna be there so if you guys can
make it come say hi we would love to
meet you all
I think we're gonna be there for like an
hour or half an hour to an hour so yeah
Soho Square on 4th august come and say
hello so yeah I'll see you tomorrow guys
bye
