hey guys so it's vloggers day this is
going fast already I am just in Soho in
London I've just been to a meeting and
been to pick up my post for my fear box
which is very very exciting for me and
I'm just on my way to meet Joey and
Tania and Jim I just got a message from
her be there 15 minutes for lunch which
I'm really excited about I'm so excited
to see Joey and see like to see him in
England will be like really out of
context so hey guys so I am back at my
sister's now really annoyingly me and
Joey and Tania and Jim all went for
lunch and it was really nice
and we were about to vlog and then
attacks he came along and I jumped in
the taxi and we forgot to vlog and it
was one of those moments where you're
like at the window like but I'll see
them later so I'll work with them later
but I found this little monkey you say
hi can you say longest day - druggist
day - yeah you get it the day - the day
- um me and spend his Christmas Advent
truck where you put a little these are
really cool you put a little um a
chocolate is very dusty because it's
obviously been away for a while you put
a little chocolate in each door and that
last year he was too little to really
kind of get it was me Hannah's here as
well
she can't be scared at the camera now
another channel and last year he was a
bit little to understand what was going
on wasn't he
and now he's a I think this year's gonna
be really fun yeah that's are you gonna
put one new in like it like every day
and not put them all in at the same time
because he will eat them all unless you
keep it somewhere out of reach maybe
toys maybe a mixture
yeah if he has chocolate everyday he
likes chocolate they speed you like chop
chuck is it your is it your favorite
it's no man no man come out he's stuck
in there he's got a drive yeah
Chuck Chuck or toys Chuck Chuck
surprise surprise what did you call me
in the back there
blogging on my iPhone is apparently
primitive how food but on another night
hey guys I'm in England he's really in
England it's actually Hamlet I can touch
him
oh no I can't on the hologram it's
amazing Jerry's him he's he's not
allowed in the front like us because
he's American he has yeah cuz he's the
baby but I'm here time and we are to the
engagement drinks Mike she's not here I
felt Mike's in the other taxi which is
in front of it yeah but what else have
we been doing today I'm trying to think
with inside single day and we went for a
tasty lunch what did you guys see today
Joey what did you see in London you did
not for the first time ever and liked it
and you had squid squid calamari no but
then the funny thing is he ate the fried
version then he saw the non fried squid
on my plate was like what the hell is
that is that vegetable or is it animal I
don't know and then I saw Big Ben which
is big just so y'all know wait till you
see Windsor Castle it was Joey's
favorite thing we're go ahead Windsor
Castle tomorrow yeah it's uh well I
climbed on a lion yeah oh by Trafalgar
Square
oh no it was a metal lion but London is
so pretty
yeah London's amazing it's the best
place ever in the world
England is cool isn't it Jerry it is
really cool I love it here I want to
swap places because the lighting where
you are so much better okay we're in a
queue
they're the coolest toilet so I've ever
seen
my age about the and I thought I would
just but I was she's maybe maybe
Stephanie twelve finishing work at
wartime 67 and driving now about two
hours of light weight and she's driving
my age in a petrol station like us alert
to your like honestly mental as a be
really boring dresser is amazing and
it's from net is very next thing I know
they discover neck but this is there
with my guys I will see
okay I'll see their little games right
in arcade
I'll see you forever focused
I always said
