it's florist yeah it's obvious guys it
is the first day of August which means
I'm going to be vlogging whole month I
honestly have to say that I've never
known a month go as quickly as this July
did it went by in a nanosecond but today
is the first day of August like I
already said and I'm here with the cat
beaver
woof with the dog and the other cat
somewhere else today I have no makeup on
I'm going over to my mum's my mom's been
away for ages like weeks and normally I
see her like every other day so I really
missed her I'm gonna catch up with my
mom I'm then gonna do some filming at my
mom's because I just thought I want to
see her like she got back last night I'm
like I wanna come and see you now so
yeah no makeup can do my makeup they're
gonna film there that's about it I'm
trying to think what I'm doing this
month I honestly it feels like two
minutes since we got back from America I
just can't actually believe it I can't
believe it
that's not it is it I don't believe it
like victim aldrick anyway yeah that's
pretty much it for now I've got a ton of
errands to run today what still hasn't
been for a walk so she's well she's a
little bit crazy crazy dog but yeah I'm
gonna be filming my July favorites today
and then possibly a few other things
tomorrow morning really early I'm
heading to London because I have a
couple of meetings and then Mike and I
actually having a small engagement
gathering which is really exciting and
what is even cooler is that my friends
Luke Ingrid and Joey I don't know why I
said Luke first I really should have
said Ingrid first cuz she's the girl and
she should have come first because
ladies first but they are all in town so
I really hope that they're gonna be
there as well I'm pretty sure they are
at the moment it's kind of difficult
like texting them because they have us
phones so it can be a little difficult
but that is it they're gonna be there
and it's gonna be cool and I am waffling
now so I will see you in a while also
well
at the top of the stairs you know what
better place to do an outfit of the day
actually to be honest the Lighting's
really good here so it probably has
quite a good place but I'm gonna have to
hold the camera myself because Mike
isn't here but here we go I'm wearing
this Zara shirt which I bought in
December from Zara obviously but in
Florence and it's got this really cool
graphic print on it I haven't worn this
in a while it's like sheer shirt so I
have a tank top underneath it I think
this is from Free People then I have my
j.crew pixie pants and my white ballet
pumps with grey bows on them but they're
actually from River Island they're
really dirty and I would normally wear
my little Marc Jacobs mouth pumps but I
wore them all day the other day when we
were filming in London and my feet are
kind of sore from them so I'm not gonna
wear those but I haven't put it on yet
but I have this awesome necklace that I
really want to wear where is it I if you
guys watched the Olympics is on in the
kitchen it's kind of loud if you guys
watched my birthday haul you might have
seen the necklace I got from Louise and
Zoe was a really awesome star necklace
from Aurelia well I bought this one the
other day which is like a little triple
star necklace and it's got one rose gold
one silver and one gold and I thought
that was very pretty so I'm gonna put
that on and that is completing my outfit
for the day
well hello again I met my moms now she's
actually not here because she just ran
out to do a couple of things but I just
thought I would show you guys I'm
actually going through some of the
letters from my P o box now if you
watched my vlogs last not last month the
month before when I was last loved me
you might have seen that I kind of set
up a peer box for the first time and I
have just been so overwhelmed with the
letters that people are writing there
are absolutely incredible and yeah a
massive thank you to all of you who've
written me letters I mean I'm personally
writing back to everybody I've written
this many letters so far this is the
third time I've done this so far like
since I set up my peer box but I've been
writing back to everybody and it's just
been so fun to get letters from all over
the world and kind of to be able to
thank you guys in person and yeah it's
really cool so I'm gonna carry on
writing my letters
if you want to write me a letter if you
haven't already if you think I wouldn't
reply or anything I'm trying to reply to
every single one I have so far because
it's been kind of I've picked them up
like once a week so it's kind of been
okay to be able to manage it but yeah if
you want to write me a letter my
pearbook stresses on my channel page but
I just thought I'd show you guys that
because it's so cool I mean I've got I'm
just writing back to this letter look at
this from Emily so hi Emily actually
says in her letter like it would be
amazing or brilliant if you replied I'll
mention that you've read this in a vlog
I'm reading it right now I'm replying to
you and everybody puts kind of cute
stickers in and oh one thing I was gonna
mention as well somebody sent me this
awesome birthday card but she didn't put
a return address or a twitter name or
anything so um Thank You Lucy she put
happy birthday from Lucy thanks Lucy
for this I couldn't reply because you
didn't leave a contact detail but thank
you for that and yeah I'm trying to
think what else I've got in here some
really cool stuff I've got a few letters
from the US I just replied to one in
Poland which was really cool one from
San Francisco like it's just so awesome
so I'm gonna get on this now and I will
see you in a bit
I thought I would just do I don't know
what you gonna wear sunglasses I don't
know if they even had that I think I
started filming at the beginning I said
we're back if that didn't show up then
that's what I said I thought I would say
hello to this guy could you haven't seen
him in a month what have you been doing
this month being a boy yes many fun
things and what are you doing this week
I've got one of my best friends weddings
yeah what's happening with all that I'm
possibly gonna party I'm going to just a
party no I've no real significance
you know there's a few joints that might
leave your engagement party so we're
doing that tomorrow and then yeah we're
going to wins a car so we're taking Joey
and Lucan Ingrid hopefully to Windsor
Castle and there I think you should come
for Castle adventures and then we're
going to friend's wedding which is very
exciting Saturday and then we are in I'm
in London Sunday morning because Joey
and Luke have never been to Paris before
an English hat wants to go again she
lived there for a while I think so we
might all be go to Paris which I am
rather excited about as you can imagine
only for the day take a day trip because
only like two and a half three hours on
the Eurostar it's just like going to
like Manchester or somewhere but I
basically got a pack I didn't realize
this until like right now I've got a
pack for like four days away from home
when we get back and it's now half eight
and I have no idea what I'm gonna wear
for all of these things I'm going to it
so we're gonna head back home pack up
and then heading off to London like
tomorrow morning's I've got some
meetings in London and that's it really
I'm feeling like I was gonna tell you
something that I know didn't really so
guys I will most likely see you tomorrow
bye bye good bye
