hey guys and welcome
today I'm here with my friend Tanya burr
hey guys and we are going to be filming
one of my number one most requested
videos which is my top 5 places to shop
in London so we have our theme transport
at the ready
so number one is Selfridges now this is
my most favorite place to shop in the
whole entire world like I spent our than
that it has something for everyone
brings you from hmm which option is
something cheaper or it even has less
designer brands here splash out readers
brows and the food hall is amazing and
enough take Mary
number two is Carnaby Street
it's just a stone's throw from off the
street and all those personal that has a
really fun atmosphere right on the top
of Carnaby Street is my favorite shop in
the whole world which is Liberty which
is the most beautiful department store
in the whole world even if you go in
just to browse the interior is just
gorgeous and the station exception
stationery secretary and there's also
some really funny quirky shops down the
street as well like David and Goliath
and monkey would you find if you can't
find anywhere else
favorite place to shop is nothing here
it's a little bit less sensual than all
the others so it's a little bit quieter
but it's amazing for boutique shopping
there's also Portobello market just
around the corner which is great for
unique designers and for little vintage
pieces and if you fancy getting either
lunch or dinner after shopping there are
some amazing
number four is carrot it's my chronic
tourist attraction but also a great
place to shop if you're looking for a
more luxury department store and if you
want somewhere a little bit quieter so
just across the road is Harvey Nichols
which is equally as beautiful and it has
an amazing Beauty there's also some
great fire street shops around the
Knightsbridge area and we would
personally recommend that you go to
ladder 8 which is just behind us there
favorite place to shop is Westfield
chapters Bush because as what has been
known for amazing shopping London is so
known for raving all the time and you
need somewhere to keep dry and shop
sometimes and it has an amazing range of
shops from high street like H&M and
Topshop to really high-end shops like
Gucci and Prada there's something for
everybody
and if you get hungry there's lots of
restaurants and there's a cinematic
shopping tour of London thank you so
much for watching don't forget to Tania
you
