hi guys long time no see I'm sorry I
haven't made a video on this channel for
about a week now I miss you guys
July is going so quickly and I'm pretty
sure it'll be feel like a second until I
am vlogging every day again but until
then I am back with a fit divorce update
now the last video that I did I think I
was actually wearing the same scarf
weirdly maybe this could be my fit to
fall scarf but I mentioned about doing a
favorite workout clothes video and it
got a good response so here it is these
are my favorite workout clothes and it's
kind of mixed in with a haul of workout
stuff from the states because I bought a
few things whilst I was there I was
working out whilst I was there I was
actually very proud of myself I managed
to get to the gym I think six times in
my two-week holiday which for a holiday
I was really really really happy with
that so first of all I guess should I
show you my new self I think most of
this is new stuff so I'm just doing a
little bit of an intro when my workout I
really like to wear tight capri trousers
I don't like to wear baggy anything
because I feel like it really like
suppose like it's weighing me down I
don't really like to wear any kind of
like fleecy material I really like the
like spandex super tight material
because I feel like it's so much easier
especially if you're running it just
doesn't get in your way and it dries
quickly it doesn't like cling to you
it's just good so in general I tend to
go for kind of black legging type
trousers just cut off below the knee
these are a pair that I bought when I
was in LA
they're Nike ones I'm actually don't
really own any other Nike gear because
it is really really expensive and I'll
get onto that in a minute but this was
kind of like a treat for myself because
I really really likes these I like the
way they fit and they also their dry fit
material so they don't kind of stay all
sweaty when you're working out which is
another thing that isn't very nice these
are actually look tiny and I ended up
getting this size small I think they do
extra small as well but they looked so
tiny I tried on like it I think I tried
on a medium to start off with being like
although be way too small I probably
need a large but they've stretched so
much and you don't want to get them too
big because then
you're working out they might fall down
so these are my Nike curries and I
really really love them and then I also
have another pair these are my other
favorite ones and I actually got these
from TK Maxx and this is my biggest
money saving tip before workout clothes
is that TK Maxx have some great stuff
and these are from a brand called I
think it's marika tech as you can see
there and I got these in a medium and I
wish I'd gotten them in a small because
again they do stretch when you're
running even when they're really tight
and they tend to fall down a little bit
but these ones are really high waisted
so they're okay and they have this kind
of white stripe down the edge which I
thought was aware like one of those
glow-in-the-dark stripes but it's
actually like ruched up side which is
kind of weird but I really like these
they fit really well again and they're
generally these are my kind of go to two
pairs of workout trousers I own as for
tops I find that a lot of workout tops
can really really really unflattering
and if you ever see any tops that are
this kind of style with the ruching down
the sides these in my experience are the
most flattering kind of workout tops
that you can buy this is from Elle
sports I actually got this one she came
out for about 12 pounds as well I'm not
a massive fan of the color it is a
little bit bright but I do have a purple
top racing lessness from a similar brand
I think it's mpg I think I feel like mpg
is a weird name for a brand I don't know
I'm gonna put in an annotation if I'm
wrong anyways so yeah I really like the
kind of tops that are reached at the
sides I think they're really good and
they're comfortable to work out and
especially if you're gonna be doing like
crunches or anything and you're
conscious of like your tummy or whatever
they're just really flattering and nice
and then another new one that I picked
up in LA and this is my favorite
favorite workout top is another one from
Nike and it's pink and orange I love
this top so much and it's it has a
racerback when it has like the double
strap thing going on at the back which I
really really like it's a dry fit
material again so it doesn't get all
sweaty I just love this I almost bought
it they had it in orange with pink as
well instead of pink with orange and I
almost bought it but it was kind of
expensive so I thought I will be good
and stick to one and so this is my
my nice workout top all the other stuff
that I own is from t.j.maxx pretty much
another thing that I have been kind of
discovering more about since I've been
into fitness and stuff is sports bras
and I have a few sports bras I have a
really old triumph one that I have had
since school and it's lasted me and last
I mean it's been really amazing but it's
getting so knackered now and I recently
bought another one which I also got in
LA surprise surprise
this is kind of awkward showing your bra
but it's a sports bra so I guess it's
not that bad and this is from Victoria's
Secret I absolutely love this because
it's a little bit more like a bra than a
normal sports bras you can see it has a
little bit of padding but it's more just
kind of support
it's underwire which is really not that
common for a sports bra but it's also
house like this padding around the wire
so it's really comfortable to wear it's
really supportive and if you see the
back it has a really really kind of
substantial strap to it and it also has
the sized band as well which I really
like and I got this in the sale I think
it was $29 and I really really liked it
it's kind of a quite like high coverage
sports bra like if you the kind of girl
who wants to work out in like a crop top
you could definitely just workout in
this and you're like shorts or your
trousers if you want to I'm not really
into that because I'm not comfortable
enough with my finger yet to do that I
don't think but yeah totally if I was
like happy showing my ABS off to
everybody I would be working out in this
but yeah that's really good and I really
like this I think when Victoria Secret
comes to England I might like my next
sports bra purchase will definitely be
from there because this is the best one
that I own apart from that the last
thing I've got to show you guys is
trainers I mean this is kind of a random
kind of rambling video because it's all
about what you prefer wearing and what
your body suits as well in terms of like
flattering and also for trainers you
have to get the right trainers for you
you can't just walk in and be like I
want those ones because they're nice and
pink so I these are new trainers but
originally when I went to get my first
pair of running shoes I think it's about
two years ago now I went to a running
shop and got assessed on like the way I
walk the way I run the weaknesses are my
feet because I do have quite
weak ankles from wearing ugg boots and
ballet shoes a loss because they don't
support your feet they're not good for
your ankles and they gave me the ass
well they didn't give it to me I had to
buy them but they kind of prescribed me
their assets GEL Nimbus model and at the
time I think it was a German Miss 11
that I had and then when I was in LA
they're a lot cheaper in America so I
bought a new pair and these are the gel
numbers 14 and they are so comfortable
they just fit like an absolute glove and
they're like running on a duvet
they are so squidgy and comfy and I
really really like them I've never had
any problems with them yeah so these are
my shoes and I also really really like
this colorway because the ones that I
had before were like all white really
kind of like 90s looking trainers and
they weren't great so I was happy to
find some that were a nice kind of gray
color with a little bit of turquoise a
little bit of purple I six are actually
pretty crazy in the States
I didn't realize they did such bright
colors they had like I went in to get
these and they had like bright pink
would like tie-dye on them but I thought
these were pretty good standard running
shoes for me so they are my trainers and
that is pretty much it I think for my
favorite fitness clothes if you guys
have any recommendations of where to
shop for Fitness clothes especially in
the UK I know every time I go into
sweaty Betty I'm always like oh I want
everything but it's so expensive and as
far as I know now the best places to buy
stuff is TK Maxx and online so that is
my top tip so if you're looking to buy
workout clothes yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I've had quite a lot
of requests to do a kind of workout
routine video and tell you what I do on
a kind of daily or weekly basis for
working out and if you'd like to see
that then make sure you write comment in
the comment section below as well as any
tips as to where you buy your stuff and
I will see your next video bye
