hi everyone and welcome to gloriously
sunny England for the first time ever
well not ever but the first time in a
long time it's actually sunny so I'm
filming outside and this video is just
going to be a short one to let you all
know about an exciting project that i am
currently working on you might have seen
or heard a few videos over the last few
weeks about the invade london project
which is set up by youtube and is all
about the olympics and the UK hooray the
olympics start next week and i know a
lot of people are very very excited
about it some people also excited but
it's a pretty exciting thing if you are
in England especially because it's
obviously on home turf but YouTube are
flying a lot of us youtubers over to
England for this which I'm very excited
about because you might have heard that
my friends Luke Kennard and
missglamorazzi ingrid are coming over
which I am very very excited about but
I'm also going to be involved in this
project obviously they're not flying me
anywhere because I'm already in England
but I'm going to be making a few
exciting videos for you all over the
next six weeks now as part of the
project we're all divided into teams and
I am lucky enough to be in team
illuminator now if you're wondering what
that stupid name is about it's because
the team is championed by sorted food
and i think jamie from sorted food team
to think that eliminators was a good
name I'm not sure sure it's not that bad
it's not that bad but it's questionable
so for the rest of the eliminators team
not only if we got sorted food who I
think absolutely fab I love their
channel if you haven't seen already go
and check out everybody I'm talking
about now will be linked and all that
jazz at the end of this video and
information bar below but on the rest of
the team we have my very good friends
Tanya burr and Jim Chapman who you will
all know and love I'm sure because
they're on this channel all the time
with me and then we also have an
American youtuber and chef
extraordinaire buyer and Talbot who is
husband of my friend rachel's how about
his check in the mirror on youtube he is
going to be doing some fun cooking
videos I think throughout the next few
weeks and then we also have an ax and
Jonathan from the style diet slot the
style diet orla floof TV who i'm sure
you guys all know as well they are from
Ireland so we have a really strong team
I'm really excited about all the videos
that we're going to be putting out over
the next few weeks make sure you keep an
eye out on this channel for my videos
I've got some really really exciting
things planned
and I really hope they come off like how
I have them in at my head you know when
you really plan things I'm just really
excited about them so that is it for
this update video guys keep an eye out
on this channel for more invade London
videos coming soon and I will see you
next time bye
