good morning guys welcome to the first
day of February I'm going to be daily
vlogging in February as per usual I mean
New York deal which is a pretty
ridiculous sentence I'm where I've been
here for a couple of days now
I've got two more days left and last
night over that their party their poison
girl party which was amazing but I might
have had one too many drinks feeling a
little bit rough today I have to admit
but the view from my bedroom is
out-of-this-world incredible the windows
are actually steamed up because I just
had a shower look at this guy's it's
absolutely maybe you can see all of the
city if I go out if you guys follow me
on instagram you'll probably have seen
but yeah so this is my room it's a
little bit of a mess but I have another
window as well it looks out on the other
side even the view this morning couldn't
really make me feel any better as I come
not enough sleep too much alcohol so
yeah we are going out for breakfast by
we I mean me and Lucy who I work with
I'll show you a little bit of an outfit
today
please excuse all of the makeup on the
floor basically today I'm wearing my
marsh coat which is like my Cape coat
Sachi only the second time I've worn
this absolutely love it and then I have
this little do bag which is loans not
mine you're actually lent me a load of
clothes for this trip as well which is I
mean dreamy how cute is this is like
little metallic pink tulle lady jewel
bag and then I have on black jeans and
my Valentino boots that Mike got me for
Christmas
and underneath I have all this cool
white shirt from a saw fire she got just
before I came out I'm going to show you
guys later - yeah little bit late I'm
going for breakfast at Jack's wife
Frieda
yeah I'm supposed to be in the lobby
meeting Lucy now and the lighting has
gone very blue in here check that out
guys my much required hangover breakfast
jack boy Frieda I've got the shakshuka
which i think is one of the best words
in the world to say shakshuka
so we've caught the map I actually
haven't been here in ages but we thought
would get a little bit of culture
and sadly there's no Gossip Girl
characters going on step
so then that was awesome ash they have
like a costume exhibition that was my
favorite makes me and we are now in a DC
kitchen we're coming to lunch with the
rest of the duel garden tour on the trip
and if you guys know this able to get to
Nepal it is beautiful
a hangover cure I think it's got nuts in
it dude like a caramel popcorn nut cream
sauce everything we've gone from eating
all of the food at ABC kitchen I feel
physically even more sick than before it
was really really good fun we've come
for coffee we're actually meeting Joey
you guys know jokes tougher for coffee
I have been a major so I don't know if I
blog whether we just catch up I'm
drinking a peppermint tea to try and
make myself feel less full and chill my
stomach out a little bit because it's
not very happy right now it's currently
got the combination of crab kale and
popcorn ice cream in it and all the
breeze from last night
the bad combo bad so I've just got back
to my hotel room I'm actually just
taking all my clothes off and put my
dressing gown on because I ate so much
at lunch my jeans are so tight I may
actually have a nap I have like an hour
and a half till we leave for dinner and
I feel much like more alive now but I'm
just really tired I didn't get that much
sleep last night probably like five
hours of something so might have a
little nap but what I wanted to do
before that is to do like a mini beauty
haul on this vlog because I bought
something from Sephora and from glossier
yesterday and I didn't actually in the
film event type um and I didn't want to
film a beauty haul because didn't get
that much stuff and I also like I feel
like I did one not that long ago I
didn't intentionally pick up all of
these things and just kind of like
stumbled across them but yeah I'm going
to show you anyways so from glossier
I've never tried anything from gloss
here before and I was really excited
Lucy who I was with is obsessed with
them and bought basically everything
they make and she has been talking about
this in particular so much over the past
few weeks that I had to try it this is
the wrong side Frenchified it's a
priming moisturizer rich and I've used
this twice I use it last night and this
morning and it is
really really nice I think I'm really
gonna like that and then this is the
milky jelly cleanser which I used last
night too early to have any thoughts on
it really but yeah so far so good with
that one and then I think I took this
out it's on the side yet anyways quotes
are in there but this is the cherry lip
balm the bomb.com which I think sounds
better if you have an American accent
that's what I got from glossier and yes
I did get one of the famous pink plastic
bags that they pack everything in which
I'm very excited about I'm quite geeky
when it comes to things like this I'm
going to love them and they'll see me
some stickers how cutely I love this I'm
such a geek and I loved stationary so
much they gave me Snickers of like oh
yeah and then we went to Sephora and
actually I have some birthday cards in
here as well which I sort of quite funny
this one's for my brother that one for
my sister-in-law their birth is a one
day apart and then I also got a wedding
card for my friends they're getting
married which is it was quite cute just
because we were past cool stationery
shop and I popped in there so what do
they pick up from Sephora this stuff is
down and out spray by igk I just never
heard of this brand before and I spotted
it they have really interesting
packaging this is dirty spray so
basically it's kind of like texturizing
spray but a little bit less poofy if you
get what I mean
so basically I have quite like silky ish
hair and I like it to look messy so I
feel like this could be good I tried it
today again still too early to have any
proper thoughts on it because I didn't
use it properly like and it hadn't
actually properly styled my hair I just
dried it and then I also got this from
dry bar I really like a lot of the dry
bar hair stuff this is mr. incredible
the ultimate living conditioner I
usually win conditioner like every
single day it's a necessity because I
have knotty hair and I use this this
morning and it left my hair feeling
really soft and it brushed very easily
so so far so good with this one
hopefully it will be good I'll let you
guys know what else I took up I got two
of the mini cinema secrets
brush cleansers which for some reason
or only sell the mini ones they don't
sell the big ones really frustrating
because I end up stocking up on these
when I come out here because the only
place you can buy the big bottles I've
found is Namie's in LA which I've been
to once with hearty and yeah this is
really annoying you have to find them
it's the best brush cleaner ever I
haven't found a brush meme I like as
much as this ever so if anyone even
knows any amazing brush cleaners easy to
get your hands on let me know or if you
know where to get this in big sizes let
me know like every single time I go into
Sephora I get drawn in by the miniatures
in the like queue this is a set of the
Elizabeth and James navona fragrances
it's got black bourbon white and rose I
love all of these scents I think
Bourbons my favorite I also love what I
have the full size of these two and I
love this one which I bought for my mom
ages ago and then the rose is really
nice as well she was about like $20 or
something like that and it there sprays
they're not rollable so I just thought
maybe into traveling and I loved all of
them I feel like if you take all of
these with you it will be such a good
selection of fragrances to have on a
trip this is like sexy night time this
is like sexy daytime this is like kind
of really feminine floaty but still kind
of nice and then there's like rose
classic and then last but not least I
spent some on my point I had like 900
points because I am a crazy mental
shopping person and I got this which is
set from alternate popular caviar range
and you get a shampoo conditioner and
leave-in conditioner and then the
ten-in-one
CC cream so basically I've used this
before I haven't used instant recovery
range from caviar but I've used a
different one the shampoo finish is
really nice like I said before I use
leave-in conditioner like on a daily
basis I just thought this would be so
good for traveling as you guys know I
travel a lot so yeah pick that up and
that is my hope just kidding guys I was
talking rubbish when I said that these
were sprays they are roller wools my
eyes were deceiving me in the shop but
still I'm happy about this dinner the
line for you
let go I put on a little bit more makeup
cause I was looking a little rough I
mean I didn't put on white foundation it
looks like I did right now by wearing
like pink lipsticks in the dual one from
the new light double edited one from
their spring collection and I thought
well with liquid eyeliner which is a bit
skew with but we're gonna we're going to
brush past that I also got changed into
my slightly controversial topic and put
this top in my whole video my cultural
whole video a lot of you guys didn't
like it so here it is I'm wearing it
anyway so yeah my top is from Topshop
ready to perform open-heart surgery on
somebody and then I have on my modular
leggings and my want lay essential boots
which actually got in Canada our common
reference both Molly I did a cute 11 in
the riddles located we're going to call
it but I love them I'm licensed after
them don't regret buying them they're a
little bit of an impulse purchase but I
absolutely love them yeah that's my
outfit for this evening so are you going
to dinner tonight at beauty and ethics
which I've never been to for but heard
loads about it I'm excited yes currently
has enough on a secret door I think
right beautiness it's really I think so
it's like a porn shop in the front not
like porn like sexy poor mother actually
I don't know it could be yeah no I think
you like knock on the door honestly you
go through the back I could be making a
self but we'll see we'll see you guys
so I didn't finish my first of August
month I didn't finish I fell asleep last
night when I got back I'm so tired but I
wanted to show you the sunset for it and
his log I feel like I'm hoping you guys
will we have to see this such a
beautiful sunset in New York this
morning and it's also throwing light are
not anymore it was throwing most amazing
light on this side for a few seconds it
looked gorgeous but I think I think
voice is really hoarse I haven't spoken
yet today it's mostly on my own so I
just had a shower first I was smoking on
my my crap but yeah it's the last day in
New York today I'm actually coming back
next week as well kind of crazy story
you guys would come too but yeah so I'm
packing up all of my stuff I'm going to
take the close-ups so they get ready
with me that I filmed the night before
last because I didn't do them yesterday
because we lost time or lost the light
we went out and I was thinking all y'all
didn't later and I got back it was dark
like damn it somebody down and pack and
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
