hello everyone today I am joined by my
cheesy friend Ingrid she's not really
cheesy but we have been well we
constantly get asked about my friendship
how we met like that we were thinking as
I'm in LA let's film a video together or
two videos part one and we were thinking
what should we do should we do the front
eyes kind of and done before we're like
we're gonna reach again own friend tag
and it's gonna be really cheesy and I'm
like actually let's make it real cheesy
as friendship because we love cheese we
love food and cheese so here it is guys
the cheesy friend tag number one how and
when did you meet
so there are pretty much two places that
we met online and then in real life so
you want to do online and then I'll tell
them that we're ever met in real life so
online we met really early on like I had
just started making videos where had it
been me I'm just saying like we met
through YouTube yes I caught a fly that
cuz yeah they asked that a lot
yeah we met through YouTube I had
watched one of Flers videos and she was
having this Christmas competition and
then I had like messaged her like saying
that like I wanted to do something
similar and was just like I can't really
remember what I was saying but I
remember saying something about her
Christmas competition in that message
and then from there I think we decided
to do like a swap because you were in
the UK and I'm in the US and then we
just like stayed in touch and then it
like grew into a friendship and then and
then September - yes there's nearly two
years ago now yeah so that will have
happened Christmas 2009 alright
yeah and then in September 2010 I came
out to California with Mike and his
sister on a holiday because one of his
other sister lives out here and we were
gonna do a kind of little road trip but
I was like oh my god I mean I could get
angry Ingrid for the first time and I
remember the first
I met you I was staying at the London
hotel which I stayed in this year as
well and you came to pick me up but you
were like 40 minutes late because you
were stuck in traffic you couldn't get
hold of me on your phone yeah so I was
like trying to like I was sitting that
oh my god like first stop I didn't know
whether you were gonna be really waiting
like oh he was sitting there like oh
what she's gonna like stand me up it's
like a date and she hasn't turned up but
she turned up and it was the weirdest I
remember like you walking it feels like
five minutes ago like you walking
towards me on this it's not so romantic
on the thing it's like almost like
slow-motion like wow this is really
happening in real life and then we sat
in your car yeah for like an hour we're
meant to be going out for lunch we kind
of knew where we were going as well I
would be like oh like leave and go for
London okay again and we ended up not
leaving for like an hour just sitting in
my car and talking and then we went to
lunch and we talked so much that day I
think we both like lost our voices yeah
and then you like you ended up coming
out with us that night as well yeah and
then we saw you at San Francisco piano
spacer and then it's all history guys
and from then on it's just been a lot of
long-haul flights later yeah okay number
two describe each other in one word you
go first okay it's hard one word I know
I do three words that's me three words
okay three words um like oh let's see
blunt hilarious
husband really kind and so Steven nobody
minutes to but but now three when I put
sweet but you guys get what I mean
okay kind my first one is miniature
Minute Men Jefferson second is generous
totally like the most generous person
like Ingrid's birthday gifts and stuff
feel like she's really generous and
number three Oh too many has to be a
funny one that is thought well I'm gonna
have thoughtful but then I'll have a
funny one as well and has to be like a
weird one
like I guess you're a weird one would be
like the blunt yeah if you were an
animal you'd definitely be fluffy but if
I was an animal I'd definitely be like
fluffy and sparkly if I could be
specially to pink and orange pink and
already Buffy no but hey what is your
favorite type of cheese oh this is hard
I really like brie cheese a lot I do
like certain kinds of blue cheese
basically anything that's really stinky
I usually like it but I wouldn't want to
eat it on like a regular basis cuz
they're really strong but just any kind
of stinky cheese I have a specific type
of favorite cheese I like torta das a
latte which apparently they stopped
making so my grandma told me but it's
basically a really kind of sharp but
creamy blue cheese and it's really soft
he'll ever see it to go and try it
number five what's your favorite oh no
it's not before if you could go anywhere
in the world together where would it be
and why I think we would probably go
somewhere in Asia yeah definitely I feel
like Japan yeah good one Suki what
you're talking about this like a year
ago about going on like a world tour
yeah yeah
it would be really cool but I think if
we had to pick like one place we
probably go somewhere in Asia and
probably be Japan Japan and Thailand
yeah yeah you big time or you could like
yeah and you can everybody seems to go
I've never been to Thailand yeah so
Japan or Thailand number five what is
your favorite time of day to eat cheese
all day oh there it is actually true
though because sometimes if I don't feel
like having a normal breakfast I'll have
like fruit and cheese for lunch a lot of
times I have fruit and cheese and
sometimes at nighttime when I want a
snack but I don't really want yeah if I
don't want something sweet fruit is like
sweet enough for me and then I just like
eating cheese with fruits that was why
cheese is such a great source because
you can eat it in the morning like
cheese on scrambled eggs cheese on toast
or I can't stuff amazing lunchtime
cheese and pasta cheese yeah and then
after dinner cheese is just the best if
you have a bit of quince jelly oh yeah
it needs exactly yeah
we like cheese who takes longer to get
ready in the morning thank you
definitely yeah I do we took the same
time this morning and I wash my hair
yeah and you washed it last night I was
kind of like dawdling is that the right
word I think you move a little slower
than one yeah because I like I have to
like take my time getting ready
otherwise I'll have a really stressed
out day so I have like getting ready in
the morning is like my relaxation time
so I like usually do that see I get
stressed getting ready I'm like I'll get
it over with
and then I can do stuff yeah I like that
is my time to be like oh and then the
rest of my day can be crazy so number
seven the last and final question of
part one what is your favorite recipe
that involves cheese so I didn't think
about the answer to this yeah yeah I
really like macaroni and cheese that's
and we didn't recipe video for that yeah
I was good I like baked macaroni and
cheese where it's just like oh so good
like the gooey baked cheese on top so
good my favorite which is pure cheese
baked camembert please say you've had
baked salmon video we're gonna buy some
camembert and bacon you want to check
out part two of this video in which we
answer seven more ridiculous questions
stuff about being friends some about
gene cheese if you like cheese and
you'll probably enjoy it if you don't
really like cheese you might enjoy it as
well because they're not all about
cheese
so we'll see you over on Ingrid's own
channel now click now go to
