well hello there everybody it is the is
it the final day of June Matthew it's
the 30th of June yes June the force the
final day although we probably will vlog
tomorrow because we're still really
doing la look who I found what are you
doing here stuff someone yesterday went
off and had loads of fun without me but
this morning it is a beautiful sunny day
and we are just off to VidCon I'm
hopefully going to be doing well Mike's
walking me there because he's a
gentleman and he's going to the cinema
to see prometheus I think maybe maybe or
i might have said boy we don't know but
we're walking up to the convention
center which is here there's a whole lot
of construction going on in the front so
I'm sorry for any construction noise
that may deserve this video and is right
now well I might be doing a live stream
with Joey in like five minutes which is
why we have to kind of walk a bit faster
and then I'm going to Luke an Ingrid and
Joey and everyone's meet up which should
be fun and then I think there's a beauty
panel which Tanya and jim rome which is
really exciting along with elle and
blair so i'm gonna go and watch that and
then I think Mike and I are going to
chill together because it's kind of sad
i can get my calf ass with VidCon in
here what I've been having to well he's
not sad about it huh so I will see you
guys in the vidcom look who I found on
it
Joey and I just did a large you now live
show fun and now we're going to meet up
with who else is going to be that Ingrid
Luke Landon JimBob Sawyer Tanya Tanya
bad thinking the coffee someone's
probably gonna be there thanks bear I
hope is that he's like such a celebrity
I'm gonna be like so excited to be poop
and puke if he's there
there is two
I can't believe you're witnessing you're
getting married let's do the ceremony
mother just kind of going forward and
putting up your videos and stuff leave
yourself out there first step putting
yourself out there is the first step
yeah and I think doing for the edge
which we really enjoy as well because
you just need you have to be enjoying it
and have a passion for and that will
really come across in the video so
people will be like oh she's looks like
she's really enjoying herself in various
parts that yeah look like kind of think
of yourself for years in the future I
feel like when I still be enjoying
beauty videos in four years because if
the answer is no then maybe you should
like to book videos or go to home depot
and haul some tools I think there's an
intricate out on you two boxes are
almost beginning there's no one that
that's bad I really think
the beginning there's going to be a
community like paper playing people that
just like explode would it be how to
videos or anything what do you want
hello everyone it is much later now as
you may be able to tell by the darkness
of the sky I'm here with this fellow who
you were here with someone else's kind
of what oh not this he's been wearing it
all day so embarrassing like yeah Mike
sure come and meet people are we not
wearing that okay so let's face it that
is embarrassing like seriously
embarrassing but we are lots of that's
VidCon for you we are on the way for
dinner now we are having kind of a quiet
dinner for VidCon everybody's crazy and
everybody liked it well I'm pretty much
looking at me the same oh yeah I am you
know why cuz I'm short nothing what
because I'm sure someone said to me
today you are so much sure that I
thought you'd be out yet pretty much i'm
short so we are going to bubblegum
shrimp for dinner shrimp it's kind of a
private joke i don't know if anyone else
will get that button kind of originates
from Forrest Gump but you know it's very
dark now but I will see you in the
restaurant because it might be lighter
it might not be we'll see what will we
ever so my sis order pudding
a bubblegum trend we say oh man it's a
pretty average smells good a mountain
you put in perspective
and it's solid cream ice cream and
cookie this is my hand how do you feel
now Mike
I'm gonna lie helped a little bit less
why this justice how do you feel
feel free cookie coming out of your nose
could you sell it everywhere ears nose
eyeballs many orifices of the Rodney
we are walking back to the hotel and
it's quite cold actually this lighting
is ghoulish again it's ghoulish you look
like a ghoul and we were just said
goodbye to the girl who actually I left
my wallet on the part before we went
into the restaurant we had to wait for
like half an hour so it went and sat the
book and I left my wallet sitting on the
wrought-iron she was back for me some
writer and she loved much like by Ron
Burgundy very funny so we just headed
back everyone's laughing at us vlogging
script and then nods non vid Connors
youtubers vid Connors and they're like
what is she doing she's either a true so
we're heading back to hotel now and it's
got quite nice long history I was lots
of palm trees look and a car that we may
be able to walk behind instead of
stopping people but yeah you had a nice
day Michael car from the movie
prometheus what was wrong with three yes
the guy got lost was making he lost he
lost his way he made lost it was such a
good movie but at the same time was
it was like one percent away from an
epic but it failed failed miserably
heard it there probably not first guys
look we're not what is up guys it's not
point Norman's left apparently on the
battery so no hours okay no minister
office and 0 min I would chat by I feel
about that Jack Bauer would be like BBB
end of the episode so I will see you
tomorrow oh my god it's not the last day
of junior force that's it that's it but
we'll probably tomorrow faster why
there's no equity loan that's why
there's no I was an industry I feel like
there should be a bonus episode tomorrow
night maybe maybe you consider it check
back tomorrow we may have uploaded about
a sensor we might not but we might I
love you guys this month has been
amazing by pretty much the best about
their or in fact being still
stop filming now it's the end finished
June divorce is over
