hey guys so it's June to force day 29
and it's a whole new day I feel so much
better after last night but thank you
guys so much for all of your well wishes
there's a red wall here and it makes me
look really weird but it's the first day
or second day depending if you count
interested air but we didn't go to that
so it's our first day of VidCon and Mike
and I I don't think Mike's going because
we couldn't get him a ticket but he is
doing some other fun stuff and we are
just going on yeah and him at their
hotel because we couldn't get into the
same hotel look at your party animal
t-shirt yeah
we're just going to eat the for
breakfast and we're late so we've got to
go come on Mike hey guys so I'm at
VidCon and we have kind of crashed at
the signing Luca Tigre was doing what
I'm here with laughing this is for new
friends we're doing mini friends yeah
Jim he's an old friend while I in fact
he's not really a friend I hate and
Charlie is so cool locals over there she
resumed in writing oh there he is
and even more exciting is yeah look at
that look she's got pink hair too
awesome
where did it go
anyway we just California Pizza Kitchen
and it was oh there it is what is it Oh
a little things gonna hit me on head
anyway
we just have to I remember the last time
I vlog just like probably just when we
got to VidCon oh we were doing the
signing it's been such a busy day but
it's been really fun meeting lots of
people yeah and Mike actually managed to
get tickets to go and see the X Games we
just saw on it which we saw on TV and it
looks really cool but he's what's going
on here hey guys wonderful family
showing the child
so yeah we're just on our way back to
what your guy so tell me I'm apparently
a polity which sounds very exciting to
me and yeah that's pretty much it for
today guys a problem I might catch up
with you later when Mike gets back and
I'll ask him what he's been doing yeah
wonder what he's been up to been on his
own all day oh yeah yeah I was secretly
really happiness player council I look
at these palm gentleman says yes I was
like oh my god his flight got canceled
actually as he just got engaged that you
deposited II know I know it was like I
was so sad when he had to leave I was a
tree like
but there we go so I will probably catch
up with you a little bit later or
tomorrow I don't know might be the ended
might not
