hi guys it's June the four-state 28 and
mine going Oh today and I'm going to
shut the windows cuz it's really noisy
why is going home today I'm gonna miss
you
rubbish but it's VidCon starting today
which is really cool we have just
grabbed some breakfast
from Starbucks and I have my tall skinny
caramel macchiato
iced here and we're just on our way over
to Ingrid's house to drop my bags off
because I don't pack like that's because
I have my seatbelt on illegal but
example you're studying idols left here
I've no it's left here we were going
like 200 meters down the road I didn't
put my seatbelt on bad bad bad Fleur so
we are just arriving at Ingrid's house
now dropping the suitcases off and then
we're gonna go for lunch at lemonade
although we just had breakfast but I'm
gonna go for lunch in a minute at
lemonade in Venice Beach which is very
exciting
lemon look at those doggies it's um
faked Alsatians thank you I think you
have to park here so we're ingress now
and I just met a very very special
person
no smokes is actually awesome we bought
him these toys let me get get his
attention he's the most playful cat I've
ever seen look
he's slightly crazy like he does crazy
black/black flips backflips now I've got
a camera on him he's not gonna do it is
he the voice does he like the mice now
yeah we bought him these mice to see if
I can get it off without him scratching
me he loves them now he didn't like
these when we first came to what okay
he's so cute next he's honestly the
coolest cat
why couldn't we get cats this cool
they'll always playful way we're in the
green machine Tonya's a yellow machine
today look at that the yellow machine in
the green machine
I wore this yesterday and everyone's
gonna be like you wanted to show nothing
but you were like oh yeah thanks to its
brand new yeah it looks really new your
hair looks really nice with this I think
and we are just on our way to Chipotle
for the last lunch with Mike are the
last trip in the green machine and we
have Ingrid in the front and this is
hello they'll how's your first trip in
the green machine really interesting
it's nice but you don't know really
notice that it's green with my although
you can kind of you can see that you can
see the bone 'it is quite something
the hood you see the food yeah so we're
going to Chipotle and then apparently as
a Pinkberry buy the place that we're
going
who knows what are you going to get
Chipotle Mike connects what do you like
to get time is like I like to get just
as I stopped going I like to get the
burrito with some black beans and cheese
and things like that I quite like
getting tacos because they don't have
the ricin I guess you can have rice in
whatever you want yeah having it in the
tacos oh maybe because then you get to
and that's more garlic
mmm di what you can yeah it's like
subway but better
so burrito time it remotely and Tonya
pair is eating a burrito that is the
size of her face and Mike has a Feeny
Ingrid went for the more like decibel
option I have pockets that are getting
sour food yeah hello guys so it is a lot
later right now and today has turned
into probably one of the weirdest most
surreal days ever I'm an in and out in
case you can't tell behind me and I'm
wins
we might not be expecting what are you
doing here using it there now drop me to
tell the story so you don't have to stop
eating basically I might left for the
Apple that too daddy
during which time you dropped us the car
came through which time Joey and I went
to shoot a video Santa Monica which
ended up taking longer than we thought
anyway and whatever the shoot mic rings
me up to say thats why it's been delayed
by three hours and if any of you have
ever been to LAX Airport you'll know
that three hours delay there is like the
worst thing ever because it's the worst
Airport in the world so an hour after
that I get a phone call from Mike saying
my flights been canceled so can you look
to get me on the next flight out any
airline to get home it's basically like
an absolute nightmare everybody's
looking for a flight so I did that an
hour later my trouthe up saying it's all
good I've got booked onto your flight
home in four days so I'm coming back to
LA and coming to VidCon with me so here
is crazy days are crazy days and we've
managed to get a hotel room really
last-minute and we managed to get Mike
arrived in an even more ridiculous car
than the green car which I'm not too
happy with him about I did tell him to
just get the cheapest available path at
the rental place which obviously he
didn't listen to me feels like
so I'll show you that in a minute yeah
we're headed to Anaheim we want to get a
hotel room last minute because there was
only space for one person in loot and
Ingrid's room so which was meant to be
shown with those guys so very strange
day
a very strange down I'm actually not
feeling too well at the moment I just
really bad for me I feel really like
well like really rested on the gig and
I'm really worried that I ate something
bad last night we had a wasted dinner
they do some good at the time rubbish so
that is it for today I'm going to show
you the car and show you the hotel when
we get there
but totally unexpected that's a crazy
day but I'm flattered honey max I mean
it I'm glad to have you back and I have
a fight about please so this is the car
guys we've gotten from neon green to
neon orange
nice choice Mike nice choice hello again
guys that's Mike
so I'm kid you hold the camera cuz you
got long around for me so I'm definitely
not feeling very well
I only had that chip thing that sorted
don't I pretty sure it was the oysters I
smashed all my chips I feel really sick
for Liverpool and apparently Ingrid has
told me ache too so I'm pretty sure if
she has the same thing it was the
oysters serves you right for eating
silly stinking so that's it today guys
this sucks but somehow I feel like fate
is working in our favor
like you don't know what I imagine
having huh we drove like right through
the entrance of Disney when we got here
and why I was so excited but um I do
feel like faith working in our favor
because imagine if I had food poisoning
and I would had to share a room then
I've been quite funny but not this just
giving everyone so guys I'm gonna have a
bit of a snooze now night-night
