hi guys so it's June divorce day 27 and
you might have guessed by the title of
this video that we have a bit of an
announcement oh yeah they were very
excited about it um you might have
noticed yesterday's vlog ended pretty
abruptly that's because Mike had just
asked me to marry him and we thought we
would keep it private for the night and
have a nice kind of romantic dinner out
and celebrate together but now we're
telling you guys and yeah I'm not going
to tell you too many details because it
was quite private but he did propose on
the beach and it was very romantic
and anything else is a very I'm really
really excited about it and we were like
really late last night
said that we could bring my pet well we
round our parents at like 3:00 in the
morning UK time to tell them and yeah
they were really happy when me through
it and then we waited until midnight
here so it was like 8 a.m. in the UK to
ring like our siblings and like our best
friends and stuff so it's been an
exciting morning of kind of ringing
everybody and telling everyone the news
and now we headed back to LA and I'm
really really excited to tell Tanya and
Ingrid and Luke and Joe but girls get
more excited about this kind of thing so
um we're off today after day I think
that's all well to say about that that's
all I have to say about that all I have
to say about that hey guys it's a bit
late anatomy and tan are
Street Bonnard and there are the guys up
there like walking off look how nice
they look at a line ignoring us and
quite a bit has happened since I last
saw you I told the guys about the big
announcement being so gnarly like
emotional and you guys like scream in
the cafe alright let's scream I can't
even remember oh I wish to someone in
the films oh yeah yeah I was thinking
about that is a bit cheesy
yeah we've been fighting though because
oh my god so exciting exciting news but
we're gonna go and get a drink at coffee
bean now I think yeah and apart from
that we've been doing some shopping
hang on Keaney yeah I got a bikini and I
j.crew stop what you're wearing your
outfit hello and I got some forever21
jeans the 10-pound jeans are amazing
yeah I don't know where where did they
go over there oh maybe let's walk up to
them and see what we have to say for
themselves on this fine day
yes I can't really live for like frost I
know I'm quite nervous I'm nervous to
see how I think yeah we bundled I just
seen us for one wouldn't file to be
nervous
oh I do you know I do that when I was
like hey I'm Justine because I didn't
even know if she was she was she's way
more beautiful in real life mother she's
not beautiful in that video
her hair is the purse I color a blonde
as well and I want my hair to be like
hello pretty and she had classes on to
me
for my classes here they are
please back away what's Jim like Jim
didn't want to be in the video
apparently it was a we Christopher the
emo kid thank you so much I show you a
drink from the coffee beans well the
girls happen the kids beds as the boys
did oh I think we should go why would
you go only can Jim's gone off by
himself anyway Tom picked up a bit of an
American accent och Sid I yeah um you
selfish do I do when I'm here to learn
we start going higher at the end of your
sentences I'll do it okay we do it yes
baby laughs Tanya burr is the cutest
thing hey guys so we're about to head
out for dinner now and I thought I would
do a very quick outfit of the evening
for York because I think I'm going to
end the vlog here there's a lot of us
going out for dinner tonight so I know a
lot of other people will be vlogging too
and as you can imagine today has been
quite a special but very hectic day for
us so I'm going to end it here with a
little outfit of the evening so if my
new fields say weird
I wouldn't mind filming can you focus
come over here and uh so this evening I
am wearing my black leather jacket which
is from Zara which is very old and
battered but it's my favorite then I am
wearing this kind of like lacy floaty
type dress which is from Free People I
have a slip underneath it because it's
very see-through it very short and then
I have on my mango sparkly belt which I
love and it was ten pounds and then I
have on my just plain tan wedge
espadrilles shoes a nice it's that is my
outfit of evening I hope you guys are
all having a fantastic week and I will
see you tomorrow bye bye fiance good boy
