hey guys so it's June divorce day 26
coming at you right now
it is pretty early it's like half nine
ten o'clock now and we're just packing
up in San Francisco we're leaving it
we're going to send to Barbara as you
can see I have done nothing with my hair
and I'm very tired because we were out
late last night having sushi and drinks
and it was really fun we just say
goodbye to Phillip which is really sad
but it's not gonna be too long until we
see him next so it's okay but I thought
it would do a very quick hotel room tour
it's not going to be a proper hotel room
toured like the one in LA because we
only stayed here for two nights and I
really wanted to do a long one for the
one in LA because it's like my favorite
hotel of all time but in San Francisco
we are staying at the hotel Driscoll I
was so it's funny because the hotel
dress code in San Francisco kind of
reminds but yes it really is very
different from the London that's very
kind of old-fashioned traditional hotel
and it's been really nice hasn't it it's
been different but really nice so I'm
going to show you the room now and
there's Mike hi okay so as you come in
we're actually um we stayed in the room
that's downstairs like right next to the
dining room which I didn't really like
the location of it's kind of a bit of
two on the main thoroughfare isn't it
but we weren't here for long so this is
the bed it's probably the most
comfortable bed in the world the pillows
are incredible it's obviously not made
properly because we've just got out of
it
but as you can see it's how they have
the old-fashioned kind of style this is
one key because I've stripped over it
but you get slippers and little mats and
they kind of turn come in and turn the
bass down in the afternoon which is a
very kind of traditional hotel thing to
do but they don't have to do it in the
mall more than hotels then we have a
desk which actually is quite cool has
one of those multi charger things so
I've been charging everything on it my
handbags on there we have our luggage
which is all ready to go and then we
have a TV and this kind of like antique
style furniture which has the minibar
and all of that jazz in it then we have
a walk-in closet which is quite nice if
we were staying in here for longer I
definitely would have appreciated that
but we didn't really unpack because I
only have two days
the furnitures already nice that's kind
of like homely rather than hotel like
the dressing gowns with robes oh my god
they're the softest things in the entire
world literally amazing and then the
bathroom is in here pretty basic but
like I said before it's kind of
old-fashioned so you have the shower
which it's not the best and then the
sink and then you get all the countries
the twin fees are actually nice I think
apparently that local San Franciscan
kind of perfumery or something so that
is cool and then there's me in the
mirror what I'm wearing today I'm
wearing my white shorts from Juicy
Couture if you can see there they are
and then when half this turquoise
cardigan from rag-and-bone which I got
whilst I was out here I'm gonna do a
whole video with everything that we've
bought I might actually do like a
his-and-her as well if that's something
that you guys would like to see so you
can see what Mike brought to my favorite
21 scarf and then my bracelets I have on
my Michael Kors watch the main movement
bracelets of bauble bar one the Ingrid
gave me turquoise broccoli one from
j.crew and then one that says Fleur
which a subscriber made from yesterday
which we will have seen in the video
yesterday so that is it and we are going
on the road again down to Santa Barbara
and I'm really excited to get sad about
Russia because we're staying at a very
fancy hotel that I managed to get a
really good price and I'm really excited
to stay there and kind of see what it's
like so we'll take you on the road again
in the green machine are you ready Mike
for your long drive we're going down the
101 this time so I think it should be a
little bit more scenic more scenic the
five was pretty boring driving well I'm
not gonna lie I didn't see most folks I
was asleep but off we go so we're just
leaving San Francisco and I thought I'd
show you the awesome view down the hill
where actually the hotel was in I
thought it was in Marina when we kind of
first arrived but it's actually in
Pacific Heights which is honestly the
most beautiful area with the most
incredible huge houses so it's been
really nice to look around and kind of
walk around but here's the viewers we're
leaving guys bye bye San Francisco
you hey guys better an update from the
road once again I've been sleeping my
excuse to move I know I think I have
like car narcolepsy every time we go on
a long journey in the car into sleep
it's quite frustrating for us that Mike
don't have anyone to chat to shrink to
myself the girl to be honest probably
SVC quiet the first time in like all
week so very quite likes it
so we are about halfway into the trip my
hair is crazy and I look on sleeping
I've just been editing my vlog from
yesterday on my lap as you can see
there's a nice still of me hello and
this is pretty awesome scenery actually
we're on the 101 instead of the five
this time so it's been pretty
picturesque although at the moment is
probably as least
picturesque as has been the whole
journey but we're going to stop we have
about 20 miles till the next food stop
stop for lunch we're not sure well there
is this not a great selection it's
definitely not in and out I even burn my
nose it's very rare
there's not an in-and-out Southeast Mike
I think there's a Starbucks and
Taco Bell this low is a junk food so
we're going to see if we can find
something really good at this place and
then we're headed into Santa Barbara
we're due to get in above three so we
actually have quite a bit of time
Worcester in Santa Barbara to have a
look this afternoon which is really cool
ready there for the day will you forget
tomorrow so it's cooler we have this
afternoon to the ground because I've
been there before it went I was
in Santa Barbara I believe it's like six
years ago now when I was on my gap year
it's a really very pretty town so it was
but we're excited and I think we'll stay
around wage so we will see you we'll
probably see you at food time and then
we'll see that bye bye
hey guys so we're about an hour and 20
minutes out of Santa Barbara and we can
see the sea look there it is awesome
views along the coast right now and we
are just cruising stop to Starbucks for
lunch I didn't feel because it wasn't
very exciting to be honest I just had a
little one of those snack boxes and Evan
illus go there my favorite things I've
owned they don't do the reading with the
mini vanilla bean scone things and
they're small so you don't feel so
guilty about eating that was the big
ones are they're so tasty so here it is
the sea
I'm kind of excited because we've only
seen the sea the sea or the ocean I
forget you guys a lot of people in
England it's called any kind of like
water ocean see whatever the sea I don't
really know why maybe it's always
surrounded by sea you know but yeah the
only other time we've seen the ocean
since you've been here is when we went
to yeah but like actually beaches is
from a distance when we're in Santa
Monica we didn't get to go on the beach
and in San Fran yesterday when the beach
was very windy and not that Beach like
is kind of it was cool yeah it's cool
but it's difficult to be in Juneau
so yes yeah the last time we drove down
this road two years ago coming from San
Francisco to LA it was just pure fog and
we couldn't see a thing it was crazy but
it's a beautiful day today and it's
sunny and my content are all dry because
I've been snoozing
yes but someone search for restaurants
so she search for restaurants I said see
what clothes she said oh we've got
Starbucks in 50 minutes okay we'll go
with that
ten miles later after we filled up had
snacks or to pass so we missed out on an
hour but to be honest I think we've had
enough in and out the last few days it's
sick I mean again in-n-out burger
bellies we're not careful look who we've
just spotted in the car in front going
along the highway hey guys so we've
arrived in Santa Barbara and we are just
sitting over set up a bit we're sitting
on the beach look how beautiful it is
it's kind of noisy there's a big back
row there that keeps on approaching and
trying to like get in on the beach
action but Mike and I are just chilling
on the beach having an awesome time I
think we're gonna go and grab a cocktail
from the hotel we're staying at the Four
Seasons which actually like I was really
excited because we got it for a really
good rate but it's not
why a fine hope is actually kind of full
of kids but we're heading out to this
really kind of nice romantic wine last
night which my kraut online you hey
skills yeah we're gonna have a nice
dinner so I think we're going to finish
the vlogging today here so that we can
kind of do a little properly popular
evening Coverley dinner without YouTube
for once sorry guys
your clocks out of this one but we will
see you tomorrow bright and early
we're heading back to LA and we're going
to see Tonya Jim Ingrid loop and Joey
can't you stay for VidCon sorry
rubbish well guys I'll leave you with
this beautiful view of Santa Barbara
Beach and I wasn't worried
and the crow the evil crow
you
