hi guys it's shooting too full of day 25
and we're in San Francisco and it's a
beautiful sunny day I'm with Mike
surprise surprise and Phillip and we are
gonna go and get some breakfast it's
pretty we're walking on a very steep
hill right now so apologize if it's a
bit bumpy but we're gonna go and get
some breakfast what is this place
specializing it's super-secret but
what's the best food to get there custom
design what is it like pimp my dessert
pimp my pudding into the boys pay more
pimp my pudding pimp my breakfast I
can't talk right all this amazing
you guys just filming himself yeah I'm
sorry so now we're going to Rwanda
before I meet up maybe a bit of shopping
teensy-weensy
this is the famous Donna place so you
always end up after a heavy night right
here donut okay guys so in Philips car
right now and we're gonna do I can be
such a bad driver now is the hunger
verse in there oh my oh my oh check out
me manual yeah we're going over to the
Golden Gate Bridge and it's very windy
so hope you guys can hear me but it's a
beautiful day and we're gonna drive over
and show it to you all it's going to be
epic
whose just incredible China that way no
Australia over there okay this is my
city for the past four years if you can
see that can you see the Palace of Fine
Arts for me you can actually see it
through through the arches that white
blip through the arches my house is
right there oh yes and we're going to
show you even better view in like a
second it's so ever
another round the round of our again to
show you this is awesome you can see
both sides
that's why San Fran is awesome guys
did you enjoy I love that now we're
going to meet up when he confers a
feeling of asleep coffee and coffee so
we thought we'd do a bit of an epic
introduction to where we're going for
the meetup today tomorrow
we're on the roof and there is the
Palace of Fine Arts which is in San
Francisco obviously I'm sorry for spit
windy I'm trying to kind of shield it
but the Golden Gate Bridge is there
pretty epic place to live and we're
gonna head to the meetup now what are
you gonna get some coffee on me first
coffee
I want frozen yogurt okay can we do
friends ice cream ice cream and coffee
or coffee flavored ice cream downtown
there's downtown it's so awesome that
you have this it's like the best thing
ever okay
that's what are the five reefs yeah and
then what the the woods is what Pacific
Presidio that's the one maybe that we
were trying to work out in the latest
planet of the apes across across the
Golden Gate Bridge that was like loads
of forest like redwood tree he style
there's no forest right next to the
bridge so they made it up and made it up
for the film
so yeah we will see you it's getting
windy frozen-yogurt I'm okay guys so we
just walked away from the sea up the
hill and we've got one more little to go
it's not very easy you guys are like
seriously out of breath please see it up
run it
if I had my trainers on but come on I'm
run up oh my god okay ten no problem to
give you an idea of the angle this is
flat feet look at my feet it's 45
degrees drunken nights coming home I was
like no good trying to know to go show
you this when you're completely weak
pretty epic chart so I'm at my meter
I'm there
people gave me little letters and things
that they made so I thought I would show
you all what they made I'm so excited
I'm not excited oh yeah apologize
apologize apologies for the appearance
because we weren't peach it was so windy
so my hearse was crazy but the first
thing because everything else was this
bracelet from jasmine he did she made me
one that says Fleur and she made Mike
one who's filming look at that it says
Mike before the camera so fake it
yeah she didn't make me one PK to
evoke yeah I'm gonna start it's gonna be
home
diaries mm-hmm I like the sound of that
not okay
CK C is not as in seniors you see who I
was in chaos eh just to clarify
but anyway jasmine also made some cool
hearings I think this is the one that
was for me
purple one but she made some bracelets
for Ingrid and Tonya as well and
hearings for that and say zoom in on the
 secret package so I'm yeah
they're going back with me to LA and
then I got another thing I can't I don't
think she told me what her name wasn't
girl it maybe they say I think she says
in the letter inside I would see but
they come they came in these all bags
and monkeys on top of that but there's
also there's one for Ingrid as well
which is bangles she showed me because
she had the same one of which was really
cute so I'm going to take that for
Ingrid ah sorry I get delirious with
little monkey things and she's written
me a little note it's from Abilene
kattiline I got Adeline azulene I think
she wrote me a really cute little note
I'm not gonna read it this is my
embarrassing but she said she made me
this which oh yeah that's so cool oh oh
it goes like that
oh my god that's so cool look that's
really cool
skills and making it looks like
something you would buy in a shop yeah
so I got that awesome necklace thank you
as really cool and then another thing
from Bath and Body Works with a few
little notes this one from two girls
their names were Sierra and then oh my
god that's the coolest car look it's a
map of the US with a little heart in San
Francisco
oh it didn't let the camera focus oh
sorry
I'm so Maria is from Maria and Sierra
and they both wrote me a note so I'm
gonna read that in a sec and it feels
like a cat smell smell better so it's
not quite like suede has only density of
fur oh you know perv whatever nothing
too severe we have less fur right it's
so fine it totally freaks and then my
gave me this box which I can't place on
the top inside what's inside that is
falling in love philosophy shower gel
which is a mini one I love mini stuff
I'm doing a lot of zooming and zooming
Internet I love mini stuff because I
travel a lot
she got me extra mid-shot circus gun
breath stinks she would've known that my
best things before she arrived she must
have heard in the vlog so me oh my god
you can smell it through the wrapper
it smells like ice cream I think it
meant small ice cream and then she got
me a wet and wild idolized eyeshadow
pencil in this brownie code which is
pixie and then there's two little
samples I'm doing and then as a skin
food rice mask face mask
of a high of a moisturizer got lots of
things that's right there and then the
last little gift is for Whoopi oh this
one's awesome how cool is this and I'm
seaming right in
someone will be very happy a it's from
Vanessa and Elena and the dog toy is
from her dog called silly girl here's a
Jack Russell cynical person cooling okay
so for Whoopi says catch me if you can
and it's pink and orange it matches my
outfit everything's pink and orange at
the moment oh my God look at these be
fight all be able to take these home
yeah they'll be like dodgy wolf loves
you she gets really defensive of them
like American school it's like a to get
a sumo Pullman color shimmery and that's
it guys so if you came to my meter thank
you so much for coming cuz I had the
best time meeting with you guys and it
was a beautiful day as well and we went
to beach before which we did involved
because it was so windy but now I think
we're gonna go get some frozen
margaritas in the marina straight up
plenty plenty that's very strong but we
really are rumor has it that we're going
to the best sushi restaurant in the
whole of San Cisco smack a little
excited when I say quite defensive of
his special finds just in case they get
too busy we're going to sushi zone in
it's all motto
Market Market I don't know Mark and
Tavia so that is where we're going I
will see you later very more by order
baby better order the baby bass the bass
sea bass
