hey guys so it's June to force day 24
and we've just left the London hotel
it's like my favorite hotel in the whole
world
we are leaving LA to go to San Francisco
today and we're really excited because
we're going to stay with our friend
Philip who you guys might remember from
a couple of my videos he lives in San
Francisco so we're really excited to see
him to take my sunglasses off until 2:30
we just say goodbye to Tanya and Jim
which was really sad because we only
really got seen for a few days but we're
gonna be back on well in three days time
so we haven't said goodbye to LA for
good but we are having a couple of days
up in San Francisco which is very
exciting but we're in the car now Mike
is driving as usual and we have 5 hours
and 38 minutes on the clock so we'll
keep you updated with the journey it's
not the most exciting one but hopefully
we'll see Philip when we get there and
have some nice dinner and might kind of
once in and out for lunch on the way so
we'll see what happens that guys
stopping in the middle education or
anything no indication Prius drive but
yeah I'm kind of jealous all that other
guy as well I should only tundra Jim I'm
gonna go but Ingrid and Luke and Joey
and Nikki and her friend Alba who I
really really wanted to meet my love for
videos but I could get to meet her
they're all going to IMAX today again so
I hope they have a really good time I
had such a cool time yesterday it was
awesome to have Mike there as well
because he obviously doesn't get to kind
of see that side of my life sometimes
like when we go to New York
and to all the kind of girly IMATS kind
of beauty world stuff Mike stays at home
so it's really cool to have him there
and yeah the sun is shining and we are
on the road we're still on Sunset
Boulevard so we haven't got far but we
are in the green machine and we will see
you in a while it's lunchtime now we've
taken
diesel researched on the sat-nav because
somebody here would rather like in-n-out
burger for lunch because the only things
on the freeway is their freeway or
highway freeway is basically
jack-in-the-box and I hop and we don't
really want a cuticles I don't like
jack-in-the-box and I - I don't really
fancy anyway so there's a big chopping
down so like let's google it and we
found one ten miles off so it taking you
detour guys through the desert look at
this road is this great line and we're
headed to my current the no place I'll
tell you all gather through stop
watching this shop drill right way I
don't know if the channel that we're
going into is called
this is where we go
in the deserts or about I think we about
two hours out of my lane
which mean we're kind of like halfway
ash on the trips which gets large get in
and out work or you get a double double
I'm gonna get a stop sign in the middle
of it and there's a stop sign that's it
with a stop signs everywhere
surely we could go no I wouldn't keep
going I would stop the guy that is stop
it says stop we've stopped stopped we're
now moving and we're going again oh come
on Green Machine you can do it
we found the in and out it is it is
there in and out Burke what happens if
we go to Alton in house in it and where
as I say we are rich
keep on forgetting the name we can see
something I just can't remember but
we're next to Bed Bath and Beyond we do
a little shopping around it oh we're
also across from Chipotle it is a tough
call because apparently is also
fantastic we have outdoor seating but
it's really really really busy so who
knows well with him to set so we're
gonna eat it because we've been in the
car for like three hours
so yeah i will show you my amazing
burger
last night
so everything you dreamed about and more
what 10 mile beautiful so there's quite
a bit later now and this drive is fairly
long I hope we're about an hour and a
half out of San Francisco so we're
starting to see signs of civilization
again the kind of people actually living
within vicinity of the road which is
very exciting because of all we've seen
for the last like three hours desert
kind of landscape hasn't been too
exciting but there's a lot of firm I
know I presume they're like orange
groves
maybe lemons to add one lone cloud in
the sky how dare you mr. cloud you are
putting a blotch on an otherwise perfect
sunny day which think that looks so
funny that's final vows when I ski it
might rain guys might rain
we're still going on this straight road
like I said we're about low an hour and
20 out
I'll show you guys what it looks like
when we actually come in because it's
pretty I don't know which bridge we're
going to come over the name of it's not
the Golden Gate Bridge that comes from
kind of north yeah so I'll show you when
we get there and then hopefully we're
going out for sushi tonight or Japanese
with Philip who is currently bartending
at a massive Gay Pride kind of festival
thing that's going on
and you said it's a rochev we mystics as
some
stuff going on at San Francisco Simone
which I find hilarious and I might be
struggling museum because
you're probably hoping so yeah you're in
for a treat with that guy's crazy treat
so we're just coming in to San Francisco
over the Bay Bridge from Oakland I found
out where the Bay Bridge over the bay
and it's looking quite industrial around
here but the bridge is actually kind of
pretty it's just filled stuff it's Mike
Heller house you drive them you spent
long can you could hear inside Scout car
how long has it been six hours so here
we come over the bridge there's Sam Sisk
over there
I'm going to show you a better view when
we get a little bit closer and as Mike
said I had to film the bridge I think
it's very exciting but here is the
bridge because you can't really see over
the sides to San Francisco kind of see
top so if you're building to that but
this is the Bay Bridge and this is still
the Bay Bridge and the Bay Bridge is
coming to a stop now so we're probably
going to get stuck in traffic okay so
this bridge is way cooler second bridge
I don't know if this is the Bay Bridge
or if the last one was the favorite or
as they're both the Bay Bridge it is
very windy
when you can see San Francisco I can see
the Golden Gate Bridge there where is it
there but I don't know if you guys will
be able to see it in the camera but I
will show you later because we will
definitely see it again but there are
San Francisco and it's honestly one of
my favorite cities in the world is so
pretty and exciting ok so we're just
coming into the central bits of San
Cisco which I think like around Union
Square Union Square's like the other
side of all these buildings I think this
is the kind of financial area which
isn't so cool I just love some Cisco so
pretty and we are going to home this
hill and we're staying kind of in the
marina area which is where Phillip lives
so we're staying running at him which is
exciting because it's awesome there here
we are look how shiny that building is
it's so shiny feels like so different
from LA
it's pretty rad yeah I love the feel of
San Fran is like atmospheric salsa Oh
bumpy imagine I have a feeling like
Chicago
yeah I feel like Chicago I'd love to go
to Chicago guys if you want us to go to
Chicago and vlog thumbs up this video
and we'll go to Chicago I want to go
there so how many holidays you're
wanting five million holidays we're
about to go up one of San Fran's famous
Hills and it dawned on us is where it
started driving around Sam found that
the Green Machine is she is the lovely
green machine doesn't fit in quite as
well in San Fran as she did in LA she's
a little bit over the top for San Fran I
think bullets and like just go jumping
these hills now it's not allowed I wish
but not it's not my style this Mustang
in Alcatraz the series they had a
massive change losing dad a Mustang unit
a charger I think I they did yeah
my lips are really sore I really think
chili pistachios well whose bolts that
didn't share any with me I don't see if
you want to sell me don't like them just
didn't want anybody didn't say didn't
share any with me did I did I offer you
don't take me up on the offer
he's brought me a drink no he didn't I
didn't I did all fun and you know yes I
said you said no he's totally lying
so Oh
no let's stop poking it I fast can we go
over these bumps about 30 pounds an hour
we're going 24 at the moment sighting
was a bump that was thought that was Oh
and for gambler there as well like
everyone's gonna think you're an awful
driver gonna ban you from driving in
America we're just doing the sound from
Bullock chase with chasing public chase
hi guys so it's quite a lot later now we
had hello we checked his hotel and then
rushed off because we're meeting our
friend flip for dinner and we had the
most amazing Brazilian all-you-can-eat
barbecue on I can't remember the name of
it well try and find it and put it in
the information bar below but it was
absolutely amazing and now we're just
waiting him to come back because he had
to pick up his motorbike it's not him
sounds like a motorbike he had to pick
up as much bike from where he parked it
and we got cab back tears so we're
waiting for him and then we might go for
a drink I'm really tired though I just
feel him here he is is it he made it
back in good time I thought I'd be
longer than that
look hello my name is hello we're in San
we are in San Francisco and we're
getting into Phil's
old school that leaves up here when you
get in look at the how retro the bottom
the doggery
it's a little sketch sometimes a little
I remember I came in piqu√© years
thinking about whoa I've been inspired
after Beijing to start a blog blogging
because I thought one of the floor was
started although she was not so now I'm
like hmm maybe I should try I think
you'd be good focus I'd follow you
thumbs up if you
follow Philip or like comment if you'd
follow and this is exit diamond get the
hell out yeah except logging well before
you eat birds to breath so um we're
thinking about doing a meet-up tomorrow
I know it's really really last-minute
but we would be doing it at Palace of
Fine Arts set the place at 4:00 p.m. on
Monday the 25th of June I won't bring
him I swear but if you guys are based in
San Francisco and you can make it it's
really last-minute so I'm not expecting
many people to set up but it would be
cool to be on food flowers with fine art
and it's pretty cool area as well I love
it that where they don't do any arts
work and it's not very fun
all right you two all right answers
where more gets their wedding photos
though yeah you go in my house man
but if you are based in San Cisco do
make it to our door we will see then and
you'll see this crazy dude that probably
as well and this one see - yeah
