hey guys so it's June to fall stay 22
going so quickly and we are off to Six
Flags today we've just had breakfast and
Tania Jim and we are headed downstairs
to leave and go and we Ingrid Joey and
Luke when we're there and I thought I
would do a quick Six Flags outfit of the
day and you feel oh gosh so demanding so
today I thought I would channel the
Sailor look shiver me and I was gone for
this stripy blue and white top which I
actually got when I was out here from
Barney's cup and it has different color
on the back everybody and then my cotton
with name of the designer what is it
Ella Moss that's the Badger and then I
have on my little Navy linen shorts
which are from Juicy Couture and I have
my flip-flops which don't really go
because they're brown why didn't have
any other ones and that is it for my
outfit I'll see you guys at Six Flags
Six Flags day it's last day so be
intolerant and about you are in the area
like don't waived or not waived we're in
the back of the car and we're just
approaching Six Flags and someone in the
front is a little bit scared petrified
we saw the rollercoasters coming along
the freeway Jim's like oh I feel even
thinking about you guys going on you're
not gonna go on any I will go on
something I will go on something wanna
take the sure what it is can we pick
which one is I've always been pretty
good at right but I've never seen right
on this one it's mental I'm not such a
bad and we've drove a bit further and
you can just see this vertical dip which
apparently go down backwards yeah unlike
a free-spinning access that's terrifying
I'm gonna try and things and work myself
up I am honestly petrified right now my
thighs I'll sit next to Jim Mike can go
on his own right
he doesn't can freely oh my god they got
chopped off on my pastor we're about to
go on the rapids and it's looking it's
gonna be warm Joey I'm not only going in
and you get Joey
hey guys for coming up - rapid when you
go down there's a waterfall - right on
that seat right on my camera
we found dippin dots in there got really
really excited about these are you like
should I care in the road I got really
wet on the rise might didn't go on the
rise because something wet I feel like
I've wet myself
really if I find out if you knew this
nice nice
amazing what did you think of that bike
was on average it was really jerk he
might had hurt my leg was like banging
against the seat Ingrid did you like it
yeah it was fine it was a little twisty
so my I feel a little light-headed but
yes I have a headache like really bad my
my brain feels like it's been like when
I was a mixture missing Tonya did go on
this look who I found Joey and Mike has
just been busted wanting to go on this
well are you gonna do a you and my
glasses
yes we are he's gonna win oh oh three
come on
what did you win make me feel like it I
think it's gonna try and hump it these
are way cuter than the big one yes we
have the family of puppies right now
hey guys so we've just been on a few
extreme rides and now we're finishing
off the day with a special one for Tanya
this is the entire ride actually it
teleports it's a tell ya just a little
bit I might have to film getting around
on this one where does Goliath I think
think they have lost weight you know Jay
was like don't do it don't do it three
leg I know what is that lovely maybe I'm
vegan not are you scared
Joey's riding in the back by himself
mighty be careful with those hands in
the a might fall out we're ready to go
guys
angrily we just went on that guy that
was
got it Jackie
watch these suckers go down I wonder if
we'll get them in time I think we're
gonna miss them he's driving pretty fast
oh no here they go they go
you might just hit them sweet are they
going they're going I'm gonna miss them
it's just crazy crazy stuff we're just
we just on our way to see Nicki and
Phillip hi and Rachel yeah Nicki could
pick anyone else she's like a ball of
energy we're going to see them for
dinner now I'm hungry why was hungry
into like ten minutes ago and I'm
starving hungry sorry
yes hey guys so it's a little bit late
and I didn't actually vlog at dinner
because it was kind of hectic catching
up with Nicki and Rachel's so nice to
see them but we are going to i'ma
tomorrow with Nicki so you will see her
then I'm sure because i'll be vlogging
from there or i think i'm gonna hand the
reins over to mike a little bit for
IMATS because i think it might be a
little crazy
but yeah we had the best day today it
was so fun at 6:00 like my hair is crazy
because I didn't bring a brush with me
and we were in the back of the car and
then on the roller coasters and it's
just got so naughty
but it's only like half past 10 I feel
so tired
we've been up I've been up since half
five and we just had a really hectic day
you know when you're wearing flip-flops
as well and you have like this is a
ghoulish lighting
foolish how I still look ghoulish um but
yeah I've been up since like 5:30 and I
was wearing flip-flops with no support
and you know when they were your legs
just really really ache so we just got
back I think Tonya and Jim Mike's
ratings right I think Tonya was so tired
they like were falling asleep in the car
me and Tanya in the back like we're like
leaning into each other and we touched
heads I mean cam would be like the past
but yeah we had such a good more such a
really nice fun b33 awesome day and you
gone really well with them down and
Byron didn't you which is Nicky
Mitchell's husband which was really cool
because like I've never I'd met Barrio
before but I never met down before so
it's cool to meet women like yeah I've
got two together what it's really good
so that is it for today guys I'm so
excited for IMATS tomorrow I hope to
meet some of you guys there and that's
it see you tomorrow bye
