hey guys so today I wanted to vlog for
you all I look a little bit crazy
because the lighting is kind of weird
because it's still dark outside but
today I am in Cardiff and I want to vlog
because I never properly went to college
before I've been once years and years
ago like ten years ago but I arrived
when it was dark I left when it was dark
so I didn't see anything and so like the
inside buildings inside the university
actually weirdly for a job that I had
when I was like 18 I came here but I'm
back here today with Rimmel and I'm
shooting a really exciting video that
you guys will be able to see very soon
with em from my pale skin if you guys
know her and she is basically from
Cardiff from the outskirts of college
and she's bringing me back here today
like showing me the sights and we're
filming it was rumor which I'm really
really excited about because like I said
I haven't seen it before it's still dark
outside this is the view from my hotel
room it's still kind of dark like it's
getting light but I'm excited since 15a
it's 7:30 and we are starting filming
now I'm going to show you my outfit you
guys have seen this before actually
because I wear it quite a lot but it's
the my Marg dress which you guys will
have seen I was for beautycon London
this year - II like the lighting in here
is kind of crazy but you guys get the
idea it's like the tie around the waist
and then I have on these boots which I
picked up in Canada if you guys want to
now she weren't in my Canada haul
because I picked them up right on the
way to the airport but they're like and
if you guys can see they have like a
double layer I really love them so that
is my outfit for today we're actually
saying all the way until this evening so
I haven't evening outfit as well have
kind of crazy hair if you get some dry
shampoo in there but yeah heading
upstairs to start filming a little bit
hungry have not had any breakfast yet
and in case you're wondering about my
crazy makeup because they look kind of
weird I have like my foundation and like
based on eyebrows on but no eye makeup
yet so I look kind of weird just in case
you are wondering what was going on
we're like applying eye makeup kind of
on camera so yeah come along with me
we'll see what happens in Cardiff so I
found and
and we are heading off in our own mini
Texas are you guys know how obsessed I
am with minis it's like a pimped-out
cooper s works with Union Jack on the
roof a little bit excited I'm geeking
out right now let's do this
I do please watch out hardest my driving
has arrived where are we going I have no
idea was following this map before in
this van could have pretty small cars
say hi everyone sorry I think you keep
trying to lose this because we keep like
going over like I'm gambling on the
redline who you're going so maybe you're
a loser
that's what soon what's he going to do
place your bet you know where we are I
know what your nemesis and yeah I do
because we're John Lewis's there's like
a massive brand new shopping center but
we're not going we're not going there
though yeah we're just coming up to
responsive Cardus around here this local
shop
currently trying on vintage dresses as
you really like this I know I'm not
meant to be shopping today we're going
to be shooting but might get it anyway
this is where we are right now guys in
hobos and Cardiff and here hanging out
she haven't tried anything on you need
three times
hahaha that is not not leather John
Madden is very strong so like I don't
know I knew the gonfalon now I think
they look like a Fendi one I can't see
what I look like I can they look great
you need though they look awesome with
this jacket as well actually do it
really cool unlike paneling with
having a little bit of lunch we're back
in the cute little coffee shop what was
it called again the baked later Marcus
barked out
Barker's were loving it and I bought a
little goat cheese panini and M has a
special bagel from that a lot of the
people that can't eat anything in this
book M has major allergies in case
anyone's wondering so she's got this
cream cheese and cranberry bagel which
actually looks amazing I think this is
great great feminist our two new guys
alternative recipes basil grape
cranberry and cream cheese
getting ready to film our second mix of
the day is madness in there guys we have
this two-way mirror so they can see us
through our makeup and there's like a
lot of people I'm just like don't know
I'm trying to hide this is what I'm
about to put on my face
just finished our makeup for this
evening this is mine
check out and also - Marie can I tell
them your I know pretty eyes look we
found Welsh cakes we were chatting about
Welsh cakes earlier I've never had one
some in the hotel room getting properly
Welsh right now guys those ones off it
like what is spam around any other room
it's kind of cinnamon EP my favourite
spice in them and I really do say if I
was playing between the case and a
biscuit get him well sure with the well
shape and Conan
we're shooting at a dead canary is a
dead canary a galaxy Mary I was all
about to go in
so with we're already listening
I've made on the train home I've
actually pre-made and I was kind of
worried they wouldn't come on the train
had so much fun and guarded it really
must hang out their machine I haven't
really properly spent time with this car
mm makes seven months ago so I'm now on
the train I have my own courage my self
level has fallen trait in the world it's
to carry another between Oh be honest so
I'm on my way I have like three hours to
go home so I have a very strange dinner
I'm going to show you this weird that
I'm weird well okay so we were out and
about for 12 hours today but this is
what I've got
am I very tired delirious choice of
dinner of Kongo char grilled tandoori
style prawns a coffee sundae this is
like the healthy is an unhealthy as a
lemon lime sparkling water what do you
guys eat when you're like really tired
and you're eating on your own and you
just want to get comfort food are you
weird like me or just a sandwich which i
think is more normal i also pull this on
earth for this in the station from home
also whether to the station from my
train home am i a little bit over
obsessed my dogs maybe could be good to
know Abdullah Gopal currently on a go
say like five miles I'm like come on so
the next morning right now because I got
back home so late last night my train
was delayed I got home after midnight
and I didn't finish my vlog as per usual
for me I just fell asleep I'm having a
bit of a morning cuddle with this one
she's actually in my jumper and I was
very much she's so cuddly and warm it's
really cold today so I put the dog in my
jumper always the best policy and squid
is right here is what I'll cuddly so
nice to be home
now that's going to be it for today's
vlog guide and master thank you to
Rimmel for taking me around Cardiff and
the m2 taking me around Cardiff it was
so much fun it was such a long day but I
feel like it was just really good to see
a part of the UK that I've never been to
for and it was really really awesome I
will see you again very soon I'm
vlogging every day in February
so make sure you come back for that and
I will see you there
piglet we'll see you there she's like
let me sleep bye guys
