hey guys so it's June to force day 21
and today it's actually only lunchtime
and we haven't left the hotel yet
because I've been filming a very
exciting giveaway that I am very excited
about and I just said exciting and
excited in the same sentence but Mike is
here there he is
hello and we're just about to head off
to Robertson Boulevard to get some lunch
and have a mosey which is meant to be
really nice shopping street I don't know
how much shopping we'll do but we're
gonna do that and then Tania and Jim are
getting here later which is very very
exciting and I don't know whether to
book a table at the restaurant or
whether we're going to get room service
because we have a little balcony outside
and I didn't know whether to have like a
little bit of a romantic room service
double date type dinner cuz they
actually get here quite late so we need
to have a look what time the restaurant
stopped serving I think it's late so
we're not sure what we're gonna do then
but I'm sure we will record later and
show you so let's go in there oh also
somebody just hit 10,000 followers on
Twitter 10,000 what have you got to say
to that Mike have you ever been tweeting
things yeah yeah do you like your new
followers very excited you couldn't
sound less excitable well every morning
Mike's been waking up and looking as
twitch I mean like yeah oh well well
I've got 10,000 followers now this is
crazy
but yeah thank you guys all for
following Mike he loves it is making
success is how the whole thing need to
get tweeting and instagramming we do
indeed we do we will see you in a while
it's quite a bit later now and I had a
total pretty much blogging fail until
this evening because like I said before
we had a pretty chill day and we have
really kind of done much definitely not
as much as we did yesterday with the old
hiking we went to Robertson and went for
a lunch a lunch a lunch for lunch at the
ivy which we didn't realize was the ivy
until we went in and sat down and looks
at the menus they were like no it's the
ivr get a nice but it was really oh my
god so amazing but I couldn't record
them because they were playing music
really loudly and the tables are like
really close together it's like a really
antisocial filming environment to get
your camera out when you're sitting
right next to other people but we're
just chilling we just filmed a couple of
videos and now I think we're gonna get a
few drinks on the roof of the hotel and
then Tanya and Jim get here and we're
gonna have dinner so yeah that's just a
quick update probably the same update as
before to be honest so you're probably
you're not seeing this twice it really
is second update hey guys can you feel
hello we're on the roof having a
cocktail you can see this is really dark
but this is a cucumber Viper or
something he's not very nice it's a bit
strong for my liking I ordered the wrong
drink I'm gonna go for a fruity one next
time again just to show you the awesome
view up paradise right and the other
vlog but we're waiting it's fun you and
Jim they're not here yet and I'm getting
rid you know when you're like so excited
about something and you're like darling
look nobody's extra crazy girl the curl
up here recognizes from the other night
and the other night Joey and Luke like
burning things on the fire pit outside
for my god I really hope that I'm like
checking it out to check it wasn't like
still had melted straw in it or
something because I thought we'd be in
trouble whoever she didn't choose really
nice I hope you guys can't hear the
music
Lola there's no music in the background
there's the music everywhere today which
means we have went unfulfilled indeed
sucks but yeah this is how awesome la is
I might be like
yeah
we have to say on that I have to say on
that yes I think we're probably gonna
call it a fairly early night because you
guys have been on a flight
so she's gonna chill with the roller
scary stuff so that is going to be
tomorrow guys and we will see you then
