and today I'm wearing shorts like a
strap it's cool
and it's such a hot day beautiful so we
have our water we almost didn't bring
water with us which was an ultimate fail
so thank God for that but this is the
awesome view and I will show you a bit
more in a minute okay so Mike and I were
just having a conversation about
Pinkberry because we want to go to what
I want to go to think very later and
Mike comes out with the kiyah
what did you say Mike it doesn't how can
you not like peanut butter it's so good
it's not but you're like nuts but not
even with chocolate like not you know
Reese's Cups he's mental and they're
guys very far away is the Hollywood sign
properly touristy and I'm actually on my
phone again now so I can't zoom I think
can i zoom no I can't see him
I could try focus over they probably
there you go Mike just took me up the
steepest hill it was like rock climbing
I had a little bit of a sense of humor
same there my white shorts and I was not
very happy about it you're a bit of a
wind noise issue out rude hey guys so we
just had some lunch ass one it likes one
of two things that might want it to do
plots are in California no no in and out
and six legs so we have it was like the
best reward for a two-hour hike honestly
I thought I was gonna die at the top of
that little thing I lost my sense fever
and had a ham sandwich it was really
high I don't mind walking like up steep
hills when it's like quite wide path or
whatever but it scared of heights so it
was an interesting one but that was
honestly like the best burger and chips
ever not only because it's in and out
and they are my burger and chips I loved
it just like you know when you're so
tired and so hungry you're like oh yes
anyway now we are headed over to Santa
Monica we're gonna have a bit of a
peruse down a street promenade maybe
just have a walk around and then I
thought we could just look at the beach
which way to the beach
very and I got a mini mini Pinkberry I
got peanut butter with cinnamon raisin
granola and caramel sauce and Mike
didn't get anything because he's grumpy
he doesn't like frozen yogurt it's just
just nice doesn't try together we try
anything he doesn't like peanut butter
so it might be a bit of an issue only
peanut so I'm gonna have the biggest
place in the world see the big deal you
like but no not for you another
concerning the original thing it's
actually starting to rain right now oh
it's from the fountain I was like weird
blue sky but yeah we're gonna go for a
walk on the beach in a minute and then
we are meeting Ingrid I think Luke and
Joey as well
so dinner again for kids we love them so
much so we will see you on the beach you
look like coolest thing that Mike Mike
doesn't normally let that cool everybody
just need to confirm with you guys as
well that peanut butter cinnamon granola
and caramel is a pop combination and is
amazingly tasty even if this one is
really
so we just come down to the beach in
Santa Monica it looks like a car pocket
that's good this way let's see it sunset
you won't see us but you'll see the
beach Mike it's pretty amazing down here
guys we've just come down here I hope
the winds not too bad it's really windy
just come down here to check out a
sunset the beach behind us if you ignore
the car park pretend that but it's not
there very very nice and we were going
to go down onto the beach before we
realize that the road is in the way so
we're not actually going onto the beach
because we don't have time but yeah I'll
keep you updated experience I've never
experienced this before and it's a very
very exciting
I got pistachio peanut butter cookie and
dulce de leche with I got mochi please
is it hazel Valentino's Omar's cookie
and caramel sauce very nice what did you
get I got cheese keep it sprinkles you
want to die
oh it tastes so good the pistachio
pistachio is the best flavor what do you
guys eat since it's my birthday well the
best thing I've heard everything
oh okay I got that the birthday what is
it birthday cake batter
amazing
I'm gonna eat this now before it melts
but I will see you guys tomorrow I hope
you guys had a great day
