guys so is June divorce day 18 and it's
airport time I'm just around me for the
airport my mom's just got here to drive
us which is pro nice of her at six
o'clock in the morning but I thought I
would do a very quick outfit of the day
for you all and just show you my little
airport outfit of the day so this is
what I'm wearing to the airport very
comfortable and just relaxed and cozy
I'm wearing this big knit scarf which
again is my sister's brand and she still
doesn't have a website I then have on my
All Saints cardigan which I think I'm
gonna switch out for a hoodie on the
flight because it's not like the warmest
and I always get cold in the
air-conditioning then I have a black
strappy top on with pixie pants and
ballet flats with little flowery tassels
on the end and that's it so we're off
now but I will keep you updated from the
flight and when we get there but for now
it's time to say goodbye to little woof
bear
you missed my worth we're gonna miss you
you've got your toys haven't you she's
really grumpy because she saw the
suitcases and she knows that we're going
bye-bye
not as good as temperature terminal 405
have special favorite here with somebody
who all the me seen guys so popular my
so many tips and who's now on Instagram
tell you what he's gonna be on YouTube
before yeah
and I think how are you doing it would
be like a whole life no this is not
whole life
but yeah so we're just chilling at the
airport now we've got like half an hour
flight and not really much we just say
goodbye to one mission ever
it was it's quite subtle coming you see
anyone driving around La and hey
seriously like Mutant Ninja Turtle green
but on the side note is actually pretty
amazing we got it really really cheaply
we've got this amazing deal online but
the car is literally brand new like it
has really nice seats and everything so
I'm really excited but we've arrived in
LA god it's hot in here I want to can't
pack out again but yeah so we've arrived
and we just headed to the hotel now
now she feels super awake the flight
wasn't too bad it was pretty smooth and
this car is but yeah the ride was pretty
smooth and yeah it's pretty good Mike
goes really weird on flights and he
doesn't talk like he literally does not
talk he'll sit there and watch movies
and you'll be like oh my what do you
fancy he'll be like don't want to talk
don't want to talk midst rubble like how
do you feel about a bow my choice of
power
and Mike's gotta drive it as well Mike
was like can we have this one slice and
gray and I can't we have a black phone
I'm like no break me hey guys so it's
June 2 for stay 19 and I know what
you're thinking you're thinking that the
last vlog wasn't finished well I went to
upload the footage from my phone onto my
laptop this morning and it got deleted
somehow half if it got deleted the other
half you will have just seen now I was
absolutely gutted because yesterday we
went for a little bit of shopping in the
grove and then we went for dinner at a
really really lovely restaurant called
the little door and I was gutted I can
get to show you that guys so I'm annoyed
but it's another day and I'm gonna be
vlogging today it's our second day in LA
I have the worst jet lag in the world we
went to bed
mike is here you were tired weren't you
and wanted to go to bed at 9 o'clock so
we went to bed at 9 o'clock so I woke up
I woke up at 1 a.m.
like who time for breakfast looked at
the clock and was like oh my god it's
1:00 a.m. so I managed to get back to
sleep and sleep like for half an hour
like half an hour here half an hour
there and then a 4 o'clock I finally
just thought sod it I'm gonna get out of
bed I went to the gym and now I feel
amazing the gym is actually really good
in the hotel and it is I might had fun
you wouldn't know because you were
asleep
12 hours sleeper right here but we're
gonna go and get some breakfast I
thought it would do a quick outfit of
the day seeing as my last outfit today
yesterday got deleted but I'm using my
handheld video camera now instead of my
phone because I don't trust my phone so
if Mike could you hold the camera for me
make sure I stand up do you need to look
at the screen on do I need to look at
the screen while so doing this just so
so I can see what you look like
there we go I'm wearing today
if you watched my latest haul video of
my summer holiday hold I think it was
cool you will have seen this t-shirts
from Oasis and the skirt is from Oasis
kind of a summary number but kind of
casual at the same time then I'm wearing
my Michael Kors rose gold watch my Henri
Bendel zoom in on it I know that you
zooming shoes to of my main movement
bracelets and then I have my Rebecca
Minkoff mini-map and then on my feet
zoom in on the do don't zoom in a life
paint uncle only speak they are my rose
gold kg flats and that is what I'm
wearing today I'm really hungry now so
we're do gets breakfast breakfast what
are we doing today we're going going
shopping we're going shopping to believe
and yeah we go to Target Holly we're
going to Target to look at makeup and
get a few of things might forgot spring
rate didn't forget doing away she just
didn't get time some of those and we're
gonna take you with us in our crazy
green machine of a car crazy
guys we're vlogging in target there's so
much that we can we're looking at sports
equipment look Mike's gonna get this the
next time he goes on the exercise bike
classic sauna suit so you can sweat it
out you know that reminds me of them
what don't rise your jackass oh where
are we like
and have just got it back I started
kicks I've never tried before so we've
just been in - if you can see it Casey
the signer ulta which was pretty weird
and I didn't end up getting much because
they were having a whole shop
refit like literally pulled the whole
shop apart and there was makeup I have
had my lip gloss there was makeup
everywhere as the winner distinct but
might got some hair stir for his bonnet
we try something new for the cross what
quite on a gym recommendation and the
sun's come out to say hello so guys we
are back in the car now in the green
machine and I thought we'd do a bit of a
target haul for you a car haul Mike's
filming isn't this amazing
so I'm target I got some k-cups this
might sound really ridiculous but the
hotel room has a coffee maker but they
only give you really strong like playing
coffee so I bought some of these and
Tanya and Jim are coming so I'm gonna
give them half for their coffee really
should we really get involved well I
don't know because let's face it we
don't really like and they smell yeah I
got macadamia cookie how yummy do they
look yeah some fresh white strips my
grandma granny
these are for you and then we got
something for Nuggets so we're gonna
beat this week
beautiful nugget look at the little
yellow and he's my favorite this fluffy
tail
also bots are these are my favorite
icebreaker sours blow your oh my god
this so look they are so sour and tasty
not for me then we got two t-shirts for
spike one both by my choice these are
from Mike and they're both like what
four or five dollars this one the London
by the way guys this is not like how we
would suggest you style your children
joke purposes name for adventure with a
landing on it like Mike's car kind of
like a family joke no one else likes
Mike's car apart from him and then we
bought him a wife beater look familiar
father because his dad likes to wear
wife beaters and my sister what do you
think my sister goes crazy at him for
wearing wife beaters so it looks like a
matching wife beater to come at his dad
and then I managed to get one of the
Revlon just bitten chubby stick impostor
kind of things which I really want to
try but they only had this color left it
was literally one left and it was in
this color and I took quite like it
doesn't occur you hide-a-key color but
we'll see I'm really excited to try this
there's anything there out in England
yeah Mike got some raises but that's not
very exciting rude I'm okay I know I
just showed this by I'm really excited
the sakai glossing starter kit that's
what I'm most most excited about right
now we're going to Beverly Hills food so
we're walking down Rodeo Drive right now
and someone just made so major
purchases it's good Mike's out shopping
me on this other day guys actually makes
me really happy though because you don't
chop very much it'll be not very much
you see it once a year mike has a shop
and biases new clients so he just bought
lots of things from Ralph Lauren which
is very nice a nice bag full of clothes
there it is and a few presents as well
because that was the most amazing sale
on and we went into big juicy tour and I
got a prize one of a few so keep your
eyes on my beauty channel this week
there's going to be some very exciting
stuff going on and yeah check out this
color interesting colored Bugatti Veyron
I'm not sure about that what's your
verdict on that - disgusting it's pretty
hideous
Beverly
yeah we've got went down to set about
now we're just on our way to dinner to
see a couple of people who you might
know Ingrid and Joey and Luke we're
going to have Mexican or Taco Tuesdays
with them we're just driving down Sunset
Boulevard now we're a little bit late
because there was an event on at our
hotel I think it was the launch for you
know the guy who played Joey from
friends matt LeBlanc I think it was like
the launch of his new TV show because
they had like a poster up and there was
like a little red carpet thing which is
very exciting but anyway the guy
bringing our car out took ages because
obviously there's loads of nice people
coming in so we're a bit late but we're
off now and I thought I would show you
some of Sunset Boulevard because it's a
very famous place and you can see the
green machine it's so green we like to
be subtle and classy
yeah this is something that today has
been such an amazing day literally blue
skies perfect temperature absolutely
amazing
how's your day been then Mike filled
with shops filled with shops in a good
way though you've done so much shopping
we had the best day of shopping
literally today it has been like my
perfect day ever
apart from being jet-lagged and waking
up at 4:00 a.m. I had such a good like
gym I know that sounds really easy but I
have a really good session in the gym
and then yeah I just really liked it so
had a good day all day and it was gonna
say yeah we will see you in a minute
hopefully with Ingrid hey we heard Oh
spin out for dinner and had it was
pretty good actually Mexican although we
didn't eat tacos I thought was Taco
Tuesday oh but we had drinks dude we had
really good margaritas they were good
where do we go el compadre el compadre
on Sunset and we are currently on the
roof having a drink well we had one
drink and then the bar closed but we're
still here and you can see I would say
the whole of LA but not quite a lot of
it there's a lot of it pretty lights and
lots of yeah and fire this fire pit has
been trying to finish my eyebrows Oh
over there I don't even have to put on
the axes the grandfather original
English and there's some serious
conversation been going on over here new
friends would make an amazing picture
look at the lights behind you guys right
now it actually is a pretty awesome
setting up here so we are just gonna
turn this round now I can't see a gun
zoomed in on my own face yeah so we're
just having some drinks on the roof and
then we're gonna
go to bed this is like ghoulish lighting
it's been like it's like horror we
didn't tell a few horror stories well we
can I did just lie about what you can we
can't but hopefully you'll you'll see
some more of Ingrid at some point this
yeah yeah she'll be around like a bad
smell teaching Cheerios lots of things
for few days ladies laughing we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye bye guys
