hey guys so it's tuned for stay 17 Mike
and I just got back home for my parents
here is I think Mike's hairs looking
very nice today what do you all think
about this look um but we got back into
the kitchen to discover this a bag of
oat bran has fallen off the shelf and
don't rise my fault I must have put it
on the edge and it's fallen and the
floor is covered in oat bran which is
basically like flour and so yes we're
gonna tidy that up and then I'm headed
to the gym whoo-hoo and then going to
the gym and then we are going to pack so
I will show you I know I showed you a
bit of like my packing starting to lay
everything out of packing yesterday but
I'm going to show you what I'm taking
with me to LA so we'll Hoover that up
and we will see you in a bit so it's
currently 9:00 p.m. and we fly well we
have to leave the house tomorrow morning
at 6 a.m. so I've been kind of
procrastinating and I still haven't
packed I just had like a major pamper
session so like exfoliating fake tanning
hair mask face mask nails toes so I have
no makeup on and I'm in my pajamas and
I'm going to show you what I'm packing
for LA but first I want to show you the
caps are being him like totally in the
way ya know that's what I was gonna show
how organized Mike is before I show you
my mess look at this this is Mike's
packing packing area
Mike's bag Mike's carry-on luggage he's
a guy what is this about it's like role
reversal you're gonna man iTunes what
movies on iTunes yeah downloading moves
but I think they'll be good movies on
the plane yeah but I'm quality of iPad
well I don't know
on a sidenote guys I just uploaded the
video from yesterday about Mike getting
Twitter and there has been a resounding
a Maori people willing to follow your
Twitter Mike I don't need to be honest I
think you're like seriously under
estimating how boring Mike is really no
he's not but I have made you a Twitter
account
how am i and I've set him up as Mike two
fours so if you want to follow this
little monkey on Twitter go follow my
Mike force anyway I'm gonna show you
what I'm gonna pack now you got anything
else to say any last comments before we
start LA vlogging 20 live by bullet type
Adam not bullet which is what an old
snow how much is it that is an essential
part of the equation pricey I thought it
is it I'm also downloading I wasn't
about I mean come on downloaded for
movies what I bet I won't watch any of
them down lady goon I've downloaded 50
50 50 50 is it's got the guy you really
like these since they're often something
oh you know I have seen that isn't it
one that he has cancer
yeah have you seen it no I've seen the
trailer okay yeah of them have you seen
it like it was a crime right I'm gonna
go and show everybody what I'm packing
out okay bye see you tomorrow
sunshine in the surge right now we'll
see them in the airport we'll see them
in the morning we wake up at 5:20 Mike
for me at 5:20 you're seriously under
estimating my dedication to June to
force here anyway
I'm gonna show you what I'm packing okay
guys so this is the carnage that I've
created in the spare room
by deciding what I'm in a pack and it
doesn't just limit itself to the bed
it's on the floor all around and in the
bathroom so I'm going to show you what
I'm gonna pack I've narrowed everything
down this is exactly what I'm taking now
I just need to fit it into my suitcase
which is another challenge but I'm gonna
get into it and then I need to edit this
video and get out tonight
before we head off tomorrow morning so
let's move fast because I've got to fold
all this stuff up but it's gonna take a
while
shameful compared to Mike's packing I
know okay so I'm taking four jackets
with me potentially a little bit
overkill but I couldn't be without them
the first one is Mizar and leather
jacket which is old and battered and I
love it and I can wear it with anything
the next one is a kind of sparkly gray
tweed jacket which is from a local
boutique and I got it on sale I love it
the next one is from ASOS my bright
orange tweed jacket which is in a hole
recently and then the last one is this
little pink jacket from Zara which I got
in sale and I love it because it's pink
and then it has an orange lining which
has turned up and then turquoise and
love pink and orange together so there
are the four jackets that I'm taking I
think they'd kind of cover me for all
basis and then I have my clothes on the
bed and I'm taking quite a lot of
dresses I like wearing dresses even if I
have kind of tights or leggings on
underneath so I have a few here this
one's actually kind of more of a top
it's a tunic from Topshop which is like
a graphic print and then I have this
never fully dressed this is also more of
like a tunic because it's see-through
you have to wear something underneath it
you could wear it as a dress I guess
with a slip but I've never tried that
anyway this is an orange kind of vest
dress this is my do C star black dress
which I love I love it and love it so
much look at the stars look at the
sparkly stars this is my Zara dress
which I've worn a lot actually this
springtime I think it's really bright
and fun I love that then I have a
forever 21 kind of nude again this is
this can be a top or a tunic or you can
wear it with a dress if you put a nude
lip under it and it really kind of is a
good daytime to evening type thing you
can wear in the day when evening you can
leave it on and then I have my Levi's
denim dress which is I've got this one I
was in New York it has a full skirt it's
not actually the most flattering but I
do like it I like the style I love
washed out denim so that is that then I
have my a sauce dress which is
just all plain black with the criss
cross on the back and this is quite
smart like I don't know if I'm gonna
wear this much or if I wear at all but I
like to have something kind of smart in
case I need it and then I have this free
people kind of tunic dress which is also
really sheer so you have to wear
something underneath it but this is
really pretty because it has this kind
of lace
paneling in it and I really like it I
got this last time I was in LA she from
Free People like I said then I have this
butterfly dress which is from style
peeks calm I actually really like this I
don't normally go for things with
butterflies on but I really like this
and you know what I've worn this maybe
three times I got it a couple of weeks
ago and I have got so many compliments
on it every time I wear it people
compliment me on it and I think that's
good so I like that a lot and it's kind
of easy to wear it's like nice and light
in the hot weather then I have my new
Oasis shirt dress with the embellished
collar which was in my latest haul video
I love that and then I have the other
dress that was in my latest haul video
from Marks and Spencer so they are all
of my dresses that I'm taking with me
let's pop them back then I have three
skirts that I'm taking this one is a
maxi skirt it's very very bright and
it's kind of hardware you have to wear
it with like a plain black top pretty
much then I have a plain black skirt
which is from the Koopas the only thing
I own from the cupola but I love it
and then my white skirt which is new
from Oasis which was in my last whole
video too so there are the three skirts
I'm taking and then four tops I have my
a sauce shirt this is fairly new
actually I ended up sending loads stuff
back and it's taking me ages to get the
right size in this because I've been
trying them on and trying them and
sending them back whatever but it's just
a plain white shirt with this kind of
like tuxedo style detail which I really
like I think you can dress it down with
jeans or dress it up and then I have a
wild Fox t-shirt which I actually bought
in a self just sale the other day it
says young and in love on it and I've
got the jumper of it and white but I
just love the Baroque frame style and
it's really good if you actually just
tuck it into a skirt because it kind of
is casual but it's kind of like smart
enough at the same time because la is
kind of a casual play
this is a little t-shirt from Ted Baker
with this pretty kind of graphic print
bow and then I have my two new tops from
Oasis that was in my last whole video
and that's it for tops underwear cuz
everybody needs underwear a huge pile of
it these are my gym clothes I've got
like three outfits for the gym and then
I'm gonna kind of hand wash them as I
need to pajama I have two of my wild Fox
baggy Beach jumpers my young in love one
and my red heart one which I wear these
all the time they're the best thing for
kind of just snuggling in I love to wear
them before the gym over my gym players
and all that jazz then I have a bunch of
strappy tops tank tops in all different
colors mainly nude as well because I've
got so many see-through dresses that I
need to put them on underneath my makeup
I did a video about my makeup that I'm
taking with me it will be up probably
the day after tomorrow so go and check
that out on my beauty channel if you
want to see that I have my little travel
wallet which I used to keep changing
which might got me for Valentine's Day
it's very romantic it has hearts on it
and I love it then I have my two pairs
of sunglasses actually I have my Chanel
ones which I wear all the time if I can
open these with one hand this is a
challenge guys oh there we go
these are my Chanel sunglass I've had
these for a couple of years now as she
might clean them for me earlier which is
very cool and they have the bows on the
side I get lots of questions actually
about these in which model they're I
don't know the number but I'm pretty
sure you can still get them if not they
revamped the style and made them a
little bit more like streamline last
year so you can definitely get the new
version and then these are my Carreras
which are a very love hate thing a lot
of you guys have commented saying that
they look awful but I really love them
they're really retro and they're gold
and they have a bit of tortoise shell
going on as well I love these my dad
actually had as a really similar pair
back in like the 70s or 80s and yeah I
just love them and then this is all the
rest of the stuff that's just kind of in
a mess on the front here I have a couple
of gifts for various people then I have
a few handbags I'm actually taking two
smaller bags I'm taking my Chanel tote
which I use like every day on the
airplane
because it's amazing for traveling so
it's got so many pockets but then I'm
taking my Rebecca Minkoff mini Mac in
the chocolate and rose gold I'm not
gonna get out somebody got one hand and
then I'm taking a little evening bag as
well then I'm taking a few pairs of
shoes these are I love these so much I
haven't worn them yet they're from kg by
Kurt Geiger and I got them at like 75%
off on the way to New York and when we
went to New York for I'm at so it was
like two months ago now and I still
haven't worn them so I'm determined to
wear them because I just love them I
like looking at them and then some flats
more flats a few more heels which are in
bags just cuz I like to travel with them
in the bag so they don't get damaged
then I have some earplugs a face mask
and a neck pillow or for the plane so
they're all going in my hand luggage and
their ham I have some scarves I just go
through them really quickly I have my
forever 21 pink scarf which I bought for
like eight euros and I've worn it to
death I absolutely love it I have my
Free People American flag scarf this is
my heart and key scarf which is from
Topshop then I have another Free People
scarf which I love then I have my
mulberry scarf which Mike bought me for
my birthday
I think two years ago now Caramba it was
last year on the m4 but I love that and
that actually I usually take in my hand
luggage along with my more kind of
sentimental or valuable items because if
I lose my luggage I don't want to lose
things like that so I tend to like pack
really strange things in my hand luggage
okay so in the bathroom I have all of my
toiletries and like this is like a
cut-down version I had to seriously like
reduce the amount that I had and I'm
still stuck with this amount of stuff
it's crazy I'm a product junkie but hey
that's why I'm on YouTube I talk about
beauty so really quickly I have a razor
I have my toothbrush and toothpaste my
straighteners which are ghd's old I've
had them for like four years now I love
them then I have a whole host of this
work stuff because it's amazing the
gradual tan the like youth elixir which
is basically like a body lotion type
thing perfect heels rescue balm which is
amazing for your feet deodorant and then
organic farms here in scope twitching
Rhys counting bodies
which is amazing but ridiculously
expensive and then I have there should
be another this works then there should
be the what's it calls their perfect leg
serum should be and then I need to go
find that then I have my skincare bits
and pieces I have a lot of my skincare
in my carry-on that I did a video on a
couple of days ago and kit information
bar below if you haven't seen it yet but
this is the other skincare that I'm
taking with me so my first a beauty
ultra pair instant oatmeal mask which is
really good there's a review of this
coming up on my blog next week now I
have my simple fake tan for your face
that I have my alpha H liquid gold which
I had on my face at the moment because
it makes your skin look amazing then I
have a wire cell I serum which I'm
testing out I'm not entirely sure how I
feel about this because I don't really
think it's targeted to my kind of skin
but we'll see how that goes and then a
new night cream who knew I could get
scared with new skincare but it's LA
roche-posay tolerate reach I'm liking it
so far but I just get bit good and then
I've gone back to using origins writing
for the daytime because it's so
brightening you should come eat it then
I have I stuff so I have my glasses
which are basically the same as why
should L sunglasses but their glasses
you guys will have seen them if you
watch my vlogs and I have a lot of
contact lenses a little contact lens not
contact lens a little I drop thing
because I wear dailies so I don't need
contact lens solution then I have these
simple brightening eye makeup remover
I'm not entirely sure if I need these
because I do have my Bioderma but and I
also have which isn't in here where is
the rest of the stuff there's a few
things missing anyway I also have my
this works five in one water which I'm
taking so I don't know if I'm going to
take these or not then I have this
shower gel which I got in my glossy box
this month it's noble oil that smells
amazing I'm taking two perfumes with me
they're both in Travelers one of them
the pink one is for daytime it's Jo
Malone style camera and ginger lily with
the love and the dark one is for evening
which is Miller Harris ledge we are both
like my favorite fragrances ever and
then I have this mini Hawaiian Tropic
Sun cream which I just thought would be
good to keep in my hand by one
just in case like one of us starts to
get burnt or something I actually got
this weirdly it came with a nice order
like a free sample it's pretty good free
samples kept with an iceless order then
I have a mini Listerine which should be
with much brush there it goes
and some Pittsboro in some cream which
I'm not sure if we'll need because we're
not gonna be like sunbathing it's not
really like a sunbathing holiday anyway
and then last but not least cuz I'm
really excited to try this all of my
hair products I'm taking are in this bag
so this is a I'm gonna focus on it so
you can see better this is a Percy and
Reed hair kit and this is the hair royal
highness I think this is like a limited
edition Jubilee type thing but I've had
one of these sets before and only half
of the things in it were actually things
that I would use I definitely used some
of them I took some of them to New York
if you remember my video that I made
back then but in this one there is a
farmer's emu shampoo and conditioner
hair spray dry conditioner rather than
dry shampoo sirs made for more dry hair
cuz I have dry hair I don't like using
dry shampoo this is more to go on the
ends to just refresh your style which I
really like the idea of that so I'm so
excited to try it and then it has the no
oil hair oil I use hair or a little time
so I'm loving that and I'm excited to
try it and I like the little bag it
comes in two so yeah I'm gonna try it up
and see how it goes I forgot to says
well I'll check out how cool this little
roller nail polish thing is it's called
roof and you unroll it and there's
little compartments for your nail
polishes when you're traveling so really
quickly I have Sally hunts and miracle
cures base coat do your top coat Rimmel
white for doing French manicure se
Mademoiselle Lancome this is a pink it's
far away for something 375 B then I have
four little Max Factor minis which are
really cute because they're like the
size of one for two
I can't even build their names now
there's graffiti is one of them and then
I have like little nail clippers a
little nail file and a couple of deborah
lippmann stripper to go thanks love that
so cute and that my friends is pretty
much it for my packing video I know what
you're thinking pretty much it that's
actually like the longest packing video
in the world and now it's probably like
half-past nine I don't watch on so I
don't know but I've got to get packing
because
after this I've got to edit upload this
video and then actually get ready for
bed sort out the house and all of that
jazz but we are going to LA tomorrow yay
see you then guys bye
