student Falls day 16 and I just got done
filming but I think there is a certain
little monster who wants us to go for a
walk where do you want to go with you
want to go for a walk you want to go for
a walk shall we go shall we go shall we
go let's go I'm just gonna take work for
a walk and then we're headed over to my
parents house we're meant to go last
night but we ended up running out of
time and we just were doing stuff until
fairly late I just filmed my 20 pound
makeup challenge but then I just ate so
my lipstick probably special with my
face but that should be up either the
same day as this video it will either go
up right before or right after this
video because I'm gonna upload them like
one after the other
and are you doing anything exciting Oh
me and Mike we're having a debate this
morning who thinks that Mike should get
Twitter who thinks that he should cuz I
think they should I think it's about
time we got Twitter so let us know if
Mike got Twitter would you follow him
this this person here they really want
to know what I'm doing every day well
you have to update it every day and it's
you can like make friends with people I
thought would be good ones when we're in
LA and you can like your friend or your
new friends in today
see anything
moderator but it's the you need one that
says F and then you need a D and then
you need another F flirty fourth yeah so
if you take Mike's you get Twitter right
in the comments below and what should he
be called I'm going for Mike suppose to
be honest how do you feel about that
taking on my sermon my alter ego YouTube
surname you didn't say jolly no words no
it's technically swearing but it's not
like so that is it for right now might
clean the kitchen last my house hey look
how clean it looks so that is about it
for now but we will update you later
we're going for curry later I'm not sure
we gave you some kind of a meal with the
parental units and now I better take
this dog for a walk because she's going
crazy and I've got my wellies on and
they're white ha ha
so I'm just kind of starting to pack up
LA and I just thought I would show you
the spare room and the carnage I have
created it it's really tidy in the spare
room Mike I promise Shh
so it's much later now and I am at my
parents house as you might recognize
someone or some couple of people the two
my two favorite people
ah sitting here what are you doing Mike
wasn't it golf that's how much of an old
man Mike is watching golf
I understand playing God but watching it
on TV could you get any more boring I
don't want ever watching Tiger Golf is
like copyright like music but yes on
Harry from vogue don't have a golfer
jeweler's Whoopie what about golf you
know where the girl is sounds good yeah
like said Mike was like oh it's such a
shame the golf isn't next week because
we're gonna be in Santa's good can you
imagine going all the way to San
Francisco having that amazing city maybe
like let's go watch the golf yeah I
don't think I come to watch make up
whatever where they want a football
match of me I would come to football
match
maybe I'll take you one day come baby
come to see one team we've just been out
for a tasty meal we went for a tie I
haven't hired in ages hmm it wasn't
tasty it was very very good and now
we're just chilling I think oh my gosh
better had she got a package down here
did you you didn't make me tea actually
I was asked I always do that I always
say no and then I'm when someone else
has the tea at really gel that sanity
I've got a package from elf because they
did my $20 makeup challenge today and I
ended up ordering like way more elf
stuff than I need it because I thought
if I'm gonna make an elf order I might
as well like order other stuff that I've
been meaning to try for ages it's
actually some MUA stuff in here as well
but I have I can do like look at my box
of elf stuff I have like a few of their
lipsticks eyeliners I have a brush more
lipsticks concealers oh and these
blushes which I'm really excited to try
cuz everybody always kind of raves about
these but if you guys don't know what
elf is I'm pretty sure most people
watching will know well fizz it's
basically a super cheap makeup brand
where everything is like 150 - starts at
115 I think it goes up to like 4 pounds
max I think maybe 6 pounds for like the
powders and stuff but and I ordered some
stuff from there and I'd filmed my 20
dollar makeup challenge today and I was
really happy with the way it turned out
but I had a few people being like oh you
should do it needs to be the 13 pound
makeup challenge not the 20 pound makeup
challenge because the exchange rate but
it's actually a lot more expensive in
England like even with the exchange rate
for example because I was doing a bit of
research to see like really how could I
do this on 30 pounds without buying all
MUA and then it being a little bit
boring and the Revlon lip butters are
something like six dollars 99 or five
dollars 99 in state I think there's 649
m and there's seven pounds 99-year isn't
that crazy
range means they're like oh like 50%
more expensive because the exchange rate
crazy stuff guys you got anything else
to add your hair looks really funny you
look like you're out for 1920s or
something it's like good cats today I
like it looks sophisticated
sophisticated I don't think I know the
words but yeah I'm very excited about
the antandrel Jim who the last time I
saw the we were in New York
how weird is that I wasn't like we don't
was the last time you saw them stay
oh my god that was ages ago it's gonna
be so fun day except with them we are
going to Six Flags I hopefully going to
Six Flags I'm trying to organize enough
as you speak I think I guess I cut oh my
god I actually thought I was gonna die
the last thing women's roller coaster
last time when I was what two years ago
nearly two years ago together and it oh
my god Tatsu as well I got off and I
thought my body was like doing this i
standing still holding onto a railing I
thought would he be sick like American
another level like Alton Towers it's
like yeah teacups cereal like it's like
a teapot it's just like a teapot
but yeah that's pretty much it for today
and tomorrow's gonna be packing
orientated Father's Day it's Father's
Day as well what we're not taking any
flogging for Father's Day maybe I can
put my dad in a blog and be like happy
Father's Day
I didn't like that yeah it will be
mainly packing tomorrow because it's our
last day before we head off very
exciting stuff we need to book our seats
we do tomorrow morning don't forget so
we get good seats yeah see you tomorrow
guys
you
