hey guys so it's June divorce day 15 and
today I'm doing an article over as we
might be able to tell from the title and
today I decided is to theme it around
YouTube and yeah I picked out five
questions that I wanted to answer and so
let's get going so first of all Reggie
say or Richard say asks what program do
you use to edit to your beauty videos I
actually use iMovie
I still use iMovie I've used iMovie
since the very beginning
ideas have a brief kind of dabble into
Final Cut Pro but at the end of the day
like I just really didn't need anything
that technical for what I'm doing
editing wise and I went back to iMovie
because it's a lot quicker to kind of
get your videos out especially when I'm
doing vlogs and you're doing one every
day doing them on Final Cut Pro it just
takes ages and ages and I do get other
questions as well which I'm going to
kind of bundle in with this one is what
camera do you film on I film on a Canon
60d and my vlogs I film on my iPhone I'm
thinking about changing that to a
handheld camera I do have a small
handheld camera that I would used to use
for vlogs and I have like a video camera
but I get really frustrated with the
small one because it just goes in and
out of focus so I might be changing to a
new one if I can I believe there's like
a really popular ones like 80 pounds so
I might invest in that at some point so
let me know what you guys think if you
want an improvement in the quality of my
vlog videos okay so number 2 MX a123
asks if you could change one thing about
YouTube what would be definitely 100%
the uploading time I would live in a
city so my internet connection isn't the
fastest but if I upload a video in 1080p
HD and it's longer than 10 minutes it'll
probably take about seven or eight hours
to upload and it just slows the whole
internet connection down even further
for the rest of the day so yeah the
uploading time is just crazy and there's
also a few bugs as well that kind of
come around from time to time they're
irritating but you know you kind of get
over that I wish the uploading time
would be faster but I don't
it's kind of like on my side of things
with internet but that's my main problem
with it number three Becker asks what
are your top 10 tips for someone who is
just asking challenge well I got a lot
of questions like this kind of what
would you say to somebody who are
starting your channel how do you get
successful on YouTube do you have any
tips for me as a new youtuber and things
like that so I've done the top 10 one
because I thought it would be kind of
most applicable to everybody that might
be something that everyone can take out
of it if you have your own YouTube
channel number one don't worry too much
about it being perfect in the beginning
because I know like from my experience
at least it's all such a learning
process I've learned so much since I
started making YouTube videos I'm still
I still think I'm know very little
compared to a lot of youtubers but if
you worry too much about the editing the
quality of your videos and things like
that right at the beginning it would
just be a barrier to you putting up your
first video and I think it's very much
like jump in and do your first video
rather than worry too much about the
smaller details number two start with
something you're comfortable with and by
this I mean a video that isn't too
daunting sometimes makeup tutorials can
be quite daunting to film sometimes
other people think that like talking
videos like this what we don't seem to
film so start what you start with what
you're comfortable with what you feel
most kind of at ease talking to the
camera about and it will make your video
better and once you've done that first
one I think it breaks down a lot of the
kind of barriers that you feel like
because it is scary when you first film
a video so do something that you're most
comfortable with start off with number
three sign up to Twitter Instagram blog
that etc with your user name so decide
on a name and sign up to all of the
social media platforms that you might
want to use even if you don't want to
use them then because if they don't get
taken up in the future you'll be really
gutted that you can't have your Twitter
name or whatever so that would
definitely be a tip number four make
friends um I actually did this really
early on and I met up with a few other
youtubers I met Ingrid really early on
when we both started out it's so good to
have somebody who's kind of at the same
stage as you so get chatting to like
other new youtubers and you can teach
each other so much as well in terms of
how to do videos what to do when to do
things like that it just really
helps from just to share knowledge
because there's no kind of guidebook for
YouTube and there's no real kind of
lines which you're meant to follow so
it's good to have friends who are going
through the same thing as you number
five take a break if things get too much
now I've said this because I know from
my experience that it's really really
easy to get kind of wrapped up in the
whole YouTube world and kind of let it
take over your life and sometimes if
things get too much if you're getting
negative comments if you just are tiring
yourself out staying late until staying
up late and so like 2:00 in the morning
editing just take a break take a step
back even if it's just for a couple of
days even if it's for a couple of weeks
and just kind of reassess everything and
you will feel so much better because I
know sometimes if you just keep on
overdoing it overdoing it overdoing it
you just get really upset and tired so
sometimes it's good just to take a step
back and usually you come up with your
best ideas when you do that as well so
take a step back and kind of reassess
things every now and again number six
remember the positives this is kind of
related to negative comments and I did
get a lot of questions about maybe some
comments sent to me as well for this
video
sometimes you have to remember that for
every negative comment there will be so
many positive comments and you have to
remember as well that people being
negative shout so much louder than
people being positive so one negative
comment can really get you down and like
kind of ruin your day in a way but if
you think about it compared to the
amount of people that say nice things
then that should always kind of cheer
you up if you know what I mean like you
have to kind of put it into perspective
sometimes number seven be yourself if
you're gonna be doing YouTube for a long
time if you realistically want to take
it seriously you have to just kind of be
yourself from the beginning because if
you're not they're gonna realize is
eventually the people watching you are
gonna realize that it's not you because
to the point where you see so much of
somebody through their YouTube channel
you really have to be yourself and you
don't want to start up with a whole kind
of fake persona and then have to kind of
keep that up for the whole time just be
yourself
and it will really shine through as well
and it'll make you kind of more
interesting and more genuine to watch
and then eight nine
my general tips when I say to everybody
whenever they ask me my top tips for
doing YouTube number 8 is be consistent
if you're gonna do three a month spread
them out you don't want to be doing like
three all at once and then not do any
for two months you need to be consistent
even if it means pre-filming things have
your day filming every month and
uploading a video a week be consistent
so people know when to expect videos
back on your channel so they know to be
kind of checking back in number 9 be
persistent it doesn't happen overnight
like people aren't going to discover you
overnight and it takes a while and so it
will take a few videos getting out there
for people to start watching and
commenting you know I always think that
I'm always growing on YouTube there's
never like a point where you have
reached a goal and you're like that's it
I'm happy that I'm here you always want
to be kind of striving for more for your
channel but you know it's all about kind
of really just keeping on going at it if
that even makes sense I kind of got a
bit long-winded there and trailed off of
it
at number 10 is have fun like if you're
if you're having fun when you're filming
it's gonna come across to the people who
are watching so yeah
number 4 question 4 because I just don't
want to do prices I'm content
question 4 is is there anything you wish
you had done differently with your
channel in the beginning when you're
starting out actually the answer this
question is no I can't think of anything
off the bat because like I said oh no
the answer to the last question it's all
such a learning process for me I start
out yeah there are a few things that I
kind of found crunchy but you can always
take videos down if you are that
embarrassed by them I wish I've known
more when I started about how to edit
and things like that but you just learn
as you go along and I think I've changed
as a person in the last almost three
years and you do because you grow up and
you change as a person when you kind of
go through your life anyway so yeah I
don't kind of regret anything or think I
wish I'd done anything differently as
far as I can remember I mean there might
be a few things like I wish I hadn't
made that one particular video but in
terms of like the general direction that
I started out in I've stayed pretty much
the same in terms of where I want to go
now Rachel asks how
you come up with the name flirt a
flawless I actually wanted and wanted my
name Ennis I wanted flow in it but I did
initially want Fleur de jour so like a
daily kind of like Fleur everyday kind
of thing and that was taken so I was
just playing around with Fleur de
because obviously Fleur is French I
wanted to kind of stick on the French
theme and I went with flooded force I
think I quite like the alliteration with
deaths as well apart from that I don't
really know it just popped into my head
when I was thinking of your username and
I really like how you can kind of change
it up and do like this channel is flood
of log instead of learn Fleur Fleur
Fleur de force and this is like
obviously June to force I like how you
can change the names and it will still
be kind of recognizable so yeah that's
the story behind to learn force and then
finally an extra question that is not
related to YouTube and I thought I would
just answer it now because I've been
getting lots of questions about it
Stephanie marina asks are you going to
do a meet-up in LA for eyes I'm not
doing a specific meetup but I will be
your IMAX LA if you're going to be there
I'm gonna be there on Saturday I'm not
sure of the exact times but I'm pretty
sure it will probably be like midday to
early afternoon so from st. 11 onwards
I'll be tweeting throughout down I'll
let you know like within the couple of
days before exactly what times I'm gonna
be there I'm gonna be there with Tania
Jim Mike's coming to Ingrid I think
Nikki's coming so we are all a bunch of
us there and definitely come up and say
hi if you are going to LA I'm us I'd
love to meet anyone who is watching and
that is about it for today I hope you
guys had a great day and I'll see you
tomorrow bye
