hey guys so it's June the 4th day 14 and
I am looking sweaty with no makeup on
because I just got back from seeing my
personal trainer and she kicked my butt
literally I thought I was gonna die but
I feel great now I'm just having a
smoothie breakfast which is really
really yummy and today I'm kind of
starting to get myself ready kind of
packing for LA not like properly packing
but obviously like laying out which
clothes I want to take making sure all
the clothes that I want to take are
clean and like ions like that and then
hopefully I'm gonna film a kind of
carry-on or like in flight essential
skincare video which she got on my
beauty Channel hopefully this afternoon
if I managed to film it and edit and
everything before we leave for London
tonight we're going to London just for
dinner and then coming back and yeah
that's pretty much today so I'm not
entirely sure what I'm gonna be kind of
logging about today so I'm just told you
wanted me to be doing and you can't
really vlog whilst you're filming but
that's what I mean we're doing today
I've got those people like requesting to
do outfit of the days for when I work
out I think that's kind of odd but I'm
gonna do one right now and see what you
think
I have on this ruched top I know have a
mirror so I'm just gonna have to like
bend over a little bit and show you I'm
not entirely sure the make of this I'm
gonna do like a whole workout kind of
video on kind of where I buy my stuff
and my favorite things to wear and then
I have these black like super tight
capri running kind of trousers on which
I like because they are tight and they
don't fall down and they're not too hot
and then I have all my trainers and
that's it and then I usually throw over
a wild fox baggy beach jumper for when
I'm either like going to work out or
like on my way back because usually it's
not that warm in England so I usually
get cold if I'm just wearing like a tank
top so that is it I'm gonna gonna drink
my smoothie now and I will see you all
later so it's quite a lot later now and
I'm in the car Mike's driving and we are
in central London madness because Mike
announced me today and I'm pretty sure
he's thinking it was a mistake now that
the Selfridges sale actually still hoti
today it sounds like what
going to London we might as well pop in
because according to the Santa shush
pipe your noise we are going to self it
is because there's something that I want
to buy and sell for yourself hopefully
that wasn't even think I meant to
fingers crossed I said I just put do
fingers up like that yeah fingers
crossed I want to buy a prize for an
upcoming giveaway on my beauty Channel
I'm approaching a fairly substantial
subscriber landmark which I'm very very
excited about and I want to do a pretty
awesome giveaway for you guys when I
reach it so we're heading to Selfridges
sale to hopefully see if we can get this
top secret item Mike's driving you know
you always act so grumpy but he's
actually not grumpy about going
Selfridges he acts so grumpy in videos
it was his idea
what's a minus G so yeah we're gonna go
into the car park now Oh someone's
getting angsty driving in central London
is crazy cuz people just walk out in
front of cars I would run over people if
I drove in central under this Gojo look
what my drive isn't it just otherwise
I'd be in jail we've just left
Selfridges setting the car apart now but
I always like Selfridges car parts
interesting cars again but it's not as
good today as it normally a small ways
for the Ferraris and crazy stuff was
Porsche them but we are decidedly more
hot and bothered than when we went in
and I didn't find the thing that I was
looking for but someone someone's a
little shopper
like out I got a couple of things I got
like a black skirt and a black t-shirt
and some basics but honestly it was so
hectic it was like the most manage oh
you found your wellies
oh my coy seizes things and then finds
them in the most obvious place it's like
it's barely in the boot of the car so
that was a pretty hectic stressful
experience we had what an hour yep
and we were just running around like
crazy and the handbag was I have my
exact the handbag section was absolutely
manic you had to like queue to get into
each section and I went into Mulberry
thinking that there might be some
amazing things but I think most it was
sold and to be honest a lot of this
stuff is online like better stuff is
online so I might resort to there for
ordering said prize secret everyone
thinks you're crazy they're always like
I'm Mike's driving but Mike's driving is
closed see that was a speed bump by the
way not his grace driving but we headed
over to my sister's now and then we're
going to our friends for dinner which is
exciting
I'm so hungry and smelt really like food
in the park
great and it's worth the time and seven
I said we'd be there by 7:00 so little
eight little missile bit late but yeah
now outside running late we're gonna go
down and it any interesting this is one
way anything oh these speed bumps are
crazy I wanted to show you guys Sam is
London I always think you have to be
pretty henge to drive to drive to ride
holy dude that's a trifle easy don't you
can just blow steam might vote a new
motorbikes he's already got a motorbike
he's got like an off-road motorbike how
many yeah and he wants to buy road bike
and I know I do like the bike but I just
don't want you to be on the road on a
bike I just don't like the idea it's
dangerous and scares me I'm waiting for
us to go into the traffic light so we
can maybe see something exciting that
one's easy this is what we can see at
the moment yes there's one super take
away and then directly for ten of our
friends have someone we just say got a
category take away yeah we brought
everyone to can't see sorry I wonder
what I get a cook
what do you want to guess I doubt okay
I'm going for steak I don't know I think
it might be something like lasagna which
is the best way to do a barbecue make
the do barbecue it's fairly warm it's
not sunny at all that's really overcast
but it's very warm the best place to go
from here I was there's left and then
right mind you that sucked led to a road
and that would disagree with you and I'm
gonna go straight on is passed directly
yeah ignore me I'm awful at directions
cyclists thinking that that's busy
outside that cup here's a square it's
not very good like showing you around
London that kiss some nice houses that I
would like to live in but probably never
will
this is diverting traffic there's more
of London black cab always advise him
yeah this is like kind of back street of
central London looks like so cheery
that scaly cream where I get my hair
done should we go look at that I love
you come closer
oh he drove this way and when I got a
taxi and he came from this way so I'd go
that way
let's I can show you the Salim wearing
at me on the Anoka to can't turn right
up there no no no to go straight on
again you go straight on to streets
often I had to cut my hair I saw it
means in there in there chilling um yes
so with this is getting boring now I'm
just like Mara we'll update you later
we're actually driving all the way home
tonight
well we I say Mike I will be asleep so
yeah Michael probably do some crazy
vlogging when I'm asleep easily like
plugging these days doing Mike
everybody liked your little doggy
you'll fight your starting time
no I think keep going keep going keep
going
we have seven minutes to do like half an
hour journey later it's like probably 20
minute journey five minutes in my tongue
yeah well hello again guys like oh
there's someone I how couldn't be it is
11:00 and I'm very tired we have a
lovely we have we had a lovely dinner
with our friends and we're on our way
home I'm sorry for vlogging in the car
so much guys but today we have spent a
considerable portion of the day in the
car
and it's actually really difficult
because a lot of places we go you can't
really film like you can't really film
in shops
you can't refill when restaurants cuz
you're playing music so it's tricky one
the tricky dicky one so yeah that's
pretty much it for today we're just
making it away out of London and it's
rainy and when it's dark and miserable
and we're on our way I just got a
message from somebody I need to be done
jewelry bomb Isis no no because you
found my phone
no I wasn't I was looking at online
shopping on Mike's phone on the way down
here and I ran his phone in our battery
but I'm really gotten that I couldn't
get this prize it was asked today and
then and I found it online on Selfridges
website and I went to buy it and in the
time that I was looking at it and the
time that I collected by it sold out at
the time you would do it dally I was I
couldn't decide on the color and
out and it's my phone so I need to find
another prize so if you guys have any
suggestions of what you would like to
win preferably not a Lamborghini yeah
well I don't I can't quite stretch to a
loan for nitrogen a fighter jet or an
elephant I can't stretch anyway I think
it's a little bit maybe you can move
your birthday maybe yeah I want to get
something really really special to say
thank you to you guys very soon and if
you have any suggestions of what you
think you would like then let me know I
was thinking an iPad but I just feel
like it's been done so much so then I
was thinking about a handbag and then I
can decide and then the one I wanted to
get was sold out so now I'm just back to
square one so what about the gold-plated
toilet seat a gold-plated toilet seat
might I think you're probably the only
person well that needs one of those yeah
let me know if there's anything you
think would be an awesome giveaway and
progress and what you would most like to
see like what would you see as a
giveaway I'd be like oh yeah I really
want to win that yeah just like that
yeah that's it for today guys I'll see
tomorrow goodbye
