it's June 2/4 day 13 and I really really
late I'm just going to see Louise and
I've got to drive and go and pick her up
and then we're going for lunch and I'm
really late I'm like 20 minutes late I
just texted her and she said she's
running late too so I feel like I've
been late for everything this week but
in other news it's Ernie very very
excited and I'm trying to debate whether
it's warm enough to take the roof down
or not I'm not so sure it is I think it
might still be a little smidge too cold
so I'm gonna leave it which I got all
excited cuz I thought it's really sunny
and then I came outside and I was like
why she it's not that warm so daddy's
wanting to do today I'm seeing Louise
and Darcy and we apparently have got to
try and fix Darcy's car seat into the
back of my car because the reason have a
car today so I'm gonna pick her up and
we are gonna go for some lunch and it's
gonna be awesome because I haven't seen
her in maybe like three weeks or
something quite a long time anyway I'm
late so I better go now but I will keep
you updated
good bye hi guys and look who I found
and baby Glick is in the back
it's very mini back there and we take
the roof chance to stop by crying okay
my car seats tiny actually it's got
flamingos on it random so we just had
some lunch and Frankie and Bernie it's
ever so glamorous and we're headed to
boots to buy yeah she was freaking out I
think we better move we better move so
we're back at Louise's now and we
thought we would do it very quick boots
all of what we bought in Boots yeah I
can they're buying slightly awkward
things like faces but you know we
thought it's not enough to make that
befouled beautiful so why not doing it
in a blog video so I stopped in my most
exciting what's the most exciting thing
baby food YUM what kind of Moriah tea is
that I went for sweet corn peppers and
chicken risotto
about two jars citing toileting well the
first thing I bought and it's the reason
why I went to boots was a pedegg I got a
pink one which is slightly better
looking than the white one but this is
to get my feet in better shape for
flip-flops next week say hello
she turned round like so that's the
first thing I thought was I stink well
then we got to it was two three four two
and I like the layers well stock up well
I like to handbag when I'm a bedroom in
the bathroom kind of thing because you
stink stink I bought a new moisturizer
which is risky for me I don't like to
change my skincare but I just ran out of
on rerelease and that's kind of
difficult you can order online but I
just spotted this and I thought it
looked good it is the LA roche-posay
tolerate riche cream for four intolerant
skin prone to dryness makeups excellence
seven separate to dry neck prone to
dryness so I got that and I'll let you
know how that goes I bought a Sally
Hansen insta-dry topcoat which has now
been turn around let me try and turn
around for you they don't listen turned
around yeah that's it
like this I highly recommend it I kind
of don't want to show you my nails
because I did them in a rush and they
look like a fiberoptic boot but I'm
looking forward to having shiny shiny
Nails then I bought C which you also
have I have some of these impressed
nails and I yes first this is in
lovestruck
and I actually think these are so cool
although I'm slightly undecided whether
a bit tacky but we're talking my lips
feel like they kind of are but embrace
the tempted look they're really pretty
so I'm gonna see how those wear I'm a
bit skeptical because I thought they
were kind of like fake nails but
like gasps he's having a great time Yama
I think they're actually more like
sticker read yeah they're out there and
then you just file off like I bought
lashes from my eyeballs and I'm excited
to try these because they're the ones
with a string on so like you to kind of
go I wonder how they work I didn't say
like I didn't want false eyelashes very
much I think that's because you've got
like this really sexy guys watch shop it
would be immediate and you just cut them
yeah yeah yeah pretty much but if you
were like if you have like a serious
issue so I bought the Wilkinson Sword
quattro bikini trimmer and razor it's
making it eraser but Remeron and when I
said I need this so I was like you need
a lip balms like yes I just like how
many lip balms do you own like many but
I need this I have surveil it once
have you tried that one before I have
it's really good
I then got I then bought the Tresemme
heat creating mess heat protection spray
and I don't think this is the original
one because I got recommended I tweeted
ages and ages ago that I was running out
of my Schwarzkopf won and I have finally
ran out of it now and I wanted to get
that resume one but this is the only one
that they had and I'm sure the original
one comes in a black bottle but I'll try
this one smells I carefully smooth and
it's like Stalin
okay all set when I hand it Oh
also from transmitter I bought the
insert the fresh dry shampoo I usually
use the t'east
but lots of people have been saying that
that is really good so I thought Oh in
the world give it a try and then finally
last but not least and I bought the body
spray of natural collections of mango
and papaya line which I already have the
bath essence and it smells really good
so I got the body spray I tell you
something I've never seen my face look
uncommon than it looks right now it's
difficult you phone with other people
from you not like looking at yourself
and being like yeah pretty weave yours
blonde dicks you got blonde at the ends
I think it looks nice it's just it's a
shock to me because I'm so should we
look at yourself it's like yeah like you
imagine yourself blonde but now you're
not blonde well you are but your dirty
blonde
on that note guys it's the end of the
vlog for today I will see you all
tomorrow for June befores day no 14
tomorrow's 13 today yes good good see
you bye bye enjoy being in your own tiny
box computer
