hey guys so it's SuperDuper early in the
morning right now obviously it is tuned
for stay twelve I am in the car I've
just been to the gym I woke up at 5:30
this morning to walk the dog go to the
gym eat my breakfast get change do
makeup for I had to leave at 7:30 which
is right now and I'm a little bit late
I'm gonna train down to London I have a
couple of meetings then I'm getting my
hair done which it's really difficult
because it's kind of like a couple of
weeks or like a week probably away from
really needing to be done but coz I'm
going to LA I really want it to look
nice so I'm going to get my hair colored
not cut I doesn't need to cut so yeah
I'm going to London and then I have an
event tonight which is a launch of
something but it's like top secret so
I'm kind of excited to find out what
that is
I've got a guy out because I'm late but
I thought I would you want intro now
awesome in the car and I'll keep you
updated throughout the day see you soon
so it's a bit later now and I'm London
and I'm on the go as you can tell by how
fast I'm walking I just popped out of
the centre of town to come see my sister
because she actually has a sat-nav that
includes America so instead of renting
it out now when we go to LA we're
growing hers who's renting one is a
hundred pounds like 95 pounds for ten
days which I thought was ridiculous like
half the amount of renting a car
so we're borrowing hers and I'm just
 able to pick it up I had my
meeting this morning which went very
well I literally felt like death on the
train after waking up at 5:30 I'm pretty
sure 5:30 way couples do not agree with
Peter I felt so awful but I perfect
every time I had a breakfast meal
most amazing breakfast at the Writing
House Cafe and it's just like off
ancestry amazing amazing place to go and
it's not actually that busy other than
that for lunch before and it's usually
they just got interrupted by a crazy car
going past me nearly running the other
it's usually really busy at lunch but
for breakfast it's not that bad and it's
so good they do the most amazing I had
like pear and strawberry with your
granola and it was just her pasty that's
ruin of breakfast and then I popped into
the pixie boutique on Carnaby Street
which is gorgeous and saw some of the
new stuff there which is very exciting
there are some amazing eyeliners which
I'm really excited to show you
then I popped in to max pick up some
makeup for my friend he's getting
married in like two weeks I was meant
for doing her makeup for the wedding but
I'm gonna be in LA so I can't so she
asked me to kind of like do a look for
her and then teach her friend or like
show her friend how to do it so I picked
up the colors for her and I also picked
up a bronze for my sister I didn't
actually get anything makeup wise for me
I did my makeup bag though like a square
like the clear ones because I've already
got like a rectangular long one and it's
so good cuz you can see everything
that's inside them so I thought the big
one like has a toiletry bag and yeah I'm
off to see my sister and B hopefully who
won't be asleep I think it's kind of his
nap time now but hopefully he won't be
napping so I'll get to say hello to him
and then I'm off to have my hair done so
I was showing my hair when it's finished
hopefully will be a little bit more
fresh with you it's actually really
annoying day in London like really humid
but it's still kind of cold which is
really annoying but hopefully it's not
raining at the moment so the weather
might be getting better but yeah I will
update you guys after I've had my hair
done see you later oh my gosh as well
guys I totally forgot to tell you about
a pic
that our subscriber dream for me and Ike
I'm not entirely sure how to pronounce
her name so I will put it like in an
annotation here but she drew this kind
of like commando-style picture of me
with a mic and it's actually the most
amazing thing ever and I'm gonna insert
it here and I will see you off to the
hairdresser so just to show you because
it made me so happy
so I just see my hair I do like you I'm
really smiling sure like how much I like
in the moment but it makes so quickly
about I wanted to go dark and then I
wanted to actually go hey wait
yeah crazy lady baby lady from you lady
I would speak on us last night even
taste
I've seen I would see Linkin Park and
jay-z when they did that coverage I like
the holiday but yeah we're gonna tuck
into our teen may be really hungry but I
will see you a bit later and I'll still
be brunette this is Chinatown right now
and I'm getting fun funny lips this up
sheet really really loose he hits like
the end of work time so yeah my hair
looks
it's not as dark but crazy it's very
strange
I like how they've got like Union Jack
and Chinese flags mix together police
the gym is pretty cool and they mix it
together I'm just so away to this launch
the secret launch and I've actually
found out what it's for because my
friend Lily tweeted about it and it's
actually the launch of doctor jars BB
cream which apparently is a kind of cult
Korean products
so that's exciting I really excited -
there's a big lorry reversing and I'm
going to get run over yeah she's like
saying that yes I'm excited to try out
anyway when it's in Colorado so just
walking over there I thought I would
show you what Chinatown and nothing
looks like so I know most big cities
like around the world have just went out
so this is London so I'm in this crazy
maze at the dr. jart moment and you have
to follow the questions I don't know
what this one says and I've gone down
skin conditioning root and then it's
fast about moisturization to be honest L
it must be shiny under this light so who
knows my skin is sensitive and prone to
irritation I'm the only one coming this
way there because everyone went down the
anti-aging route I found I think I've
come to the end now
hey guys so I just got home from London
I didn't film anymore when I was at the
event and once I like left amazing it
was like super crowded and noisy so I
couldn't really film but the product
that is creating all the hype is the dr.
jart BB cream which I'm really excited
to try because apparently this is like
the number one BB cream I don't know
about in the whole of Asia I know it's
Korean but apparently it's meant to be
amazing so I'm really excited to try it
because so far my experience with BB
creams has been really mixed I found a
lot of the like kind of Western ones
have just been like jumping on the
bandwagon and they don't really have the
same skin benefits or SPF and things
like that the proper kind of I don't
know BB cream has which is why BB cream
was kind of made was to do with scarring
actually so it's exciting to see that
some of the Asian brands are making over
to England my hair is like this bit of
hair is just sticking right in my eye
it won't literally and will not stay
stay okay nope I'm like like slick it
back there we go
anyway that was really annoying me so
I'm home now and yes I'm really excited
to try this like me like goes crazy on
camera look at that let me know if any
of you have tried this brand before I've
tried it on my hand and I actually
really liked it a lot of the BB creams I
like I was saying I totally went off on
a tangent and the Western ones tend to
be a little bit rubbish to be honest
just like it's into moisturizer and the
only other Asian one that I've tried is
one that ingrid bought me i don't
actually know where that was from it
might have been korean as well but that
was also like really grey on my skin and
it kind of just didn't really go with my
skin tone very well so yeah i'm excited
to try this because it doesn't seem so
great it seems like it kind of blends
really nicely i have it on my hands
probably makes much difference but yeah
i'm excited to try that and i'm excited
to be home Mike's actually over his
parents I got home and I'm so excited to
see him because he was away last night
and I hate being away and I get really
scared so I'm happy that he's coming
home
and yeah that is pretty much it for
today guys I hope you all had a great
day and I will see you tomorrow bye
