hey guys so it's June two Falls day 11
and I have just been grocery shopping
and I've got a lot of people requesting
that I do grocery shop kind of haul
supermarket haul so that's what I'm
going to do today it's kind of weird but
like I said a lot of people have been
asking for it so here you are the reason
why my hair looks really crazy is
because it's chucking it down with rain
outside and I thought it's taken I've
run out to the shops so without further
ado you guys I'm gonna show you what I
bought from the supermarket they not
very organized with my packing so just
be aware I'm just gonna pull things out
as we go along and I use reusable bags
so it's not incredibly organized first
off I just have a bag or salads it's
just Waitrose baby leaf herb salad then
I have some kale which is very tasty I
like to put that in with quinoa or make
salads out of it then I have some button
mushrooms which I don't usually eat that
many mushrooms I just kind of went out
on a bit of a limb and bought some
mushrooms today and see what I'll do
with them
lopat butter that's usually for Mike I
don't really eat much butter to be
honest and because he'll might like
starters toast in the mornings and then
I have Waitrose essential apple juice
and this is also for Mike because I
prefer like proper fresh cloudy apple
juice even like jute there's much each
other so even make my own but Mike likes
the really cheap like concentrated like
clear apple juice which you know each
their own it's not my favorite but Mike
loves it and then I have these pears I
only bought two of them because they
were kind of expensive pears but how
amazing do these look they are the they
pharrell I thought just thought they
look really tasty I don't normally buy
pears but I thought they looked like
pretty good pears to be honest then I
have some Kiwis and then I have some
skimmed milk which is for me and then I
have semi skin for Mike and that is it
for that bag in the next bag I have some
steak which probably for dinner sometime
this week and then I have
like ready-prepared prawns king prawns
which are a little bit of a treat for me
I'm gonna have these for lunch and a
salad will not all of them is a massive
pack but we're gonna have some of them
for lunch with a salad then I have a
couple of packs of my favorite like
pre-prepared
chicken Phillips and I don't usually
like I prefer to cook things from fresh
but to be honest if you're in a hurry or
if you're preparing food for like a
lunchbox for work or something these
things are amazing because you can just
cut them up put them in the salad in
that good and these ones were reduced
because they go out of date today so I
probably have these for dinner too my
Moroccan ones which I haven't had before
and then I got the sweet chili ones
which are my favorites and then this is
the exciting part guys washing tablets
and then very liquid pushing up liquid
this is that obviously this is a really
exciting bag dishwasher tablets and
whoops whoops choice of dog food
this is woofs favorite I'm not gonna
take out the back it's heavy to the one
hand pedigree chum with gravy the gravy
is the all-important part if you buy the
one without gravy she doesn't like it
she gets a bit devious she only likes
the gravy option you put this on the
floor and then this last bag is the
biggest this is kind of got most of the
things in it and you might notice like
some of the stuff I buy is organic some
of the stuff isn't and the reason for
this being turn they come around the
reason for this is that buying organic
in the UK if you don't live in a city
because I don't know a city it's
actually quite hard to get a lot of
things organic you can buy the basics so
like organic eggs milk usually like
carrots and basic vegetables but things
like kale and spinach it's pretty hard
to find them organically unless you go
to a farm shop and then even at farm
shops I find a lot of the stuff even
though it's locally grown isn't organic
anyway so that's why I have kind of half
and half organic if you guys are
wondering because I know some people are
like massive advocates of buying
organically and all that stuff I'm kind
of like halfway though I do agree with
it but at the same time I'm not gonna go
like majorly out of my way to only eat
organic food because it's not actually
that easy for me to find so there is an
explanation some bread Waitrose organic
and
farmhouse wholemeal bread which looks
good I've never actually had that before
I'm trying to get Mike to eat a little
bit more healthily so instead of getting
in white bread and put in brown bread to
see how they how he likes that fresh
eggs these are the large ones they have
extra-large but I find that two of these
kind of size are amazing for scrambled
eggs in the morning for my breakfast and
I have some bananas tasty ones they're
like medium sized I don't like too big a
banana Organic asparagus which I am so
happy that asparagus is back in season
in the UK because I hate buying it in
the winter it's always imported from
Peru and I just think it's ridiculous to
be buying asparagus that's been shipped
all the way from Peru so I'm glad that
they have UK asparagus again then I have
a few apples and show you these are my
ultimate favorite apples they get in the
bag these are jars apples and they look
like that they don't really look like
anything special but they just taste so
good they're really really crisp and
crunchy I hate it when you get that kind
of like powdery Apple it just tastes
horrible
but the jazz apples are really good and
they almost tastes kind of like pear
drops which is really yummy then I have
some broccoli just bog-standard have a
cucumber which I did manage to get
organic and it looks kind of interesting
it's like not darker than normal it's
got spots on interesting-looking
cucumber cherry or I think these are
actually plum tomatoes yeah baby plum
tomatoes which I love and then I got two
sticky toffee pudding as these are for
Mike they're his favorites that you put
in the microwave and what else did I get
blue breeze the big box of blueberries
because I love blueberries tasty and
that is pretty much it the last few
things like oh are the green Tabasco the
jalapeno mild Tabasco oh my god this is
amazing
on scrambled eggs best thing in the
world actually is and then I got some
tea and this is the tea that Mike and I
have all the time it's the Twinings
everyday tea it's kind of posh I used to
drink PG PG tipps before I met Mike and
then he always drinks this and it's
actually really really good so that's a
huge box because we just ran out
and then I actually got a couple of
carts because it's Father's Day I know I
think Father's Day is a different date
in the states and I don't know about
elsewhere but it's definitely different
in the states in the UK
I know Mother's Day is I'm pretty sure
your Father's Day is two but it's this
Sunday so this one is for my dad number
one dad in the world and this one is for
Mike's dad was the wellies because he's
kind of outdoorsy type and then I'm
gonna get them gifts I'm not sure what
I'm gonna get them yet but that is it
Michael grocery for my groceries I hope
you guys liked this kind of video I know
it's really random but I did get quite a
lot and especially because I'm trying to
eat healthily as well so you can see
kind of what I've been buying and what I
tend to eat this is like a weekly shop
for me and then I tend to kind of top up
so I'll go on a major shop once a week
and then I tend to kind of make a few
trips into town to either like buy meat
or things that will kind of go off
quickly I love the time to keep quite a
lot stuff in the freezer as well so we
freeze a lot of meat if we can and
things like rice and all of that stuff
tends to be like in the store cupboard
so that is my weekly shop I hope you
guys enjoyed it and I will see you
tomorrow for June for stay 12 it's going
ridiculously fast and it's one week till
till la guys so I'm so so excited about
that I also want to say as well I think
I'm going to change the name from June
to force to vlogger for Nia like when
we're in California so let me know what
you guys think about that because I
wanted to do like June divorce day
whatever and then vlogger for Nia and
then the title and I just thought that
would be too long so I might just change
the name what do you think do you think
I should keep it the same what do you
think I should change it yeah that is it
for today t-tomorrow bye
