hey guys so it's super early in the
morning right now and I'm being quiet
because my critique upstairs but I am
leaving on a very very special trip this
morning I'm going to Toronto Canada with
Mac and I have the biggest news ever if
you guys have been following me on
social media no but I wanted to make a
vlog kind of like following my trip
because this is literally a dream come
true like I can't even believe it I'm
going to Canada to formulate my own
matte lipstick oh my god guys I'm having
lipstick with my favorite lipstick brand
ever and it's going to be out in April
so I can't share with you guys any more
details than that I can't show you the
color but I'm taking you on the trip to
show you the kind of experience of
choosing my color and like the whole
thing and just oh my god I'm making my
own matte lipstick I actually cannot
believe it I have to go to the airport
now I have a driver waiting outside for
me so let's do this guy's just beyond
exciting and dressed in my most warmest
clothes because Canada is super super
cold right now I have a giant scarf on
and my massive coat so hopefully I'll be
warm enough I also have my fuzzy boots
on as well which these are like my
winter boots let's do this guy's so I've
arrived at Heathrow and ready to couple
my flight to Toronto
very very excited
I've just checked in to my room in
Toronto I have a nice a flight but I
just arrived a little bit better so
awesome as a Mac lab coat I love that
it's black as well it's so Mac has my
name on it
and it has Mac X load for size the
hashtag of dreams right there guys and
there is also a giant makeup case oh my
goodness I really kind of wait to see
was in here because it's super heavy I
just picked it up it'll bread I don't
even know how you get in it we get in it
guys how do we get in it oh my goodness
I just felt it a little bit and it is
full of stuff I worked out hard to get
in it guys and I'm freaking out just a
little bit right now oh my gosh oh my
goodness even I had four down this guy's
insane it's like an Aladdin's cave of
smack oh my god oh my goodness and it
keeps going
Conner's we're going to get this home
they're going to think that I'm like
trying to sell it at customs this is
amazing guys oh my goodness I think I'm
going to cry this is just beyond beyond
beyond crazy that I'm in Toronto with
Mac ready to make my own lipstick I
honestly oh my god I can't thank you
guys enough for supporting me all this
and it's so awesome how long is this
guy's I can't wait to do this yeah I am
gonna sort myself out right now because
I am a little bit tired and on another
note this scarf is my new scarf that I
got from a source in the sale it molt's
on everything so I'm covered in fluff
right now it looked at pleased with my
jacket they're like actually covered
like all over my body I'm wearing all
black so yeah I'm covered in white fluff
it's not great I'm going to freshen up
compose myself and I'll see you guys in
a little bit the Jedi has kicked in real
bad guys and
for the beats are comfortable and it
turns out I'm saying like right around
the corner from all the shops so I left
me to come back here when I'm left yet
like I feel like go shopping now is a
very bad idea but I was kind of kind of
walk around and then go back north and
rinse everything I feel like a gravy
zombie right now like I had like given
what it guys if you wondering what's
going on here I have to say that I was
gone because my skin is super dehydrated
from the slight keep splitting down
there so like my fave was too small for
it certainly I woke up super super early
this morning super super jet-lagged and
went for a run at 5:00 in the morning
and now I do actually feel better for it
I really do and now I'm getting ready in
my bathroom in my hotel it's a little
bit messy this is what I've got going on
right now I've been through all of the
mac makeup and picked out what I want to
wear today and I've kind of been sorting
out look how many lipsticks full so yeah
let me show you my makeup if you're
wondering what faith marks I have on at
this the pharmacy hydrating coconut gel
mask and it is so so good this is the
third one I've used as a package 3 this
is my last one I'm definitely going to
be repurchasing these they are so good
dehydrated skin I use the other ones
when I was skiing and they were so good
even if you do look a little crazy and
they slip down your face a bit they're
really good
so this is what I've got my face today
there by Terry hyaluronic hydra primer
which i love for mac prep and pine CC
color correcting SPF 30 first time of
using it like in it
bourgeois one two three CC tinted
moisturizer one of my fav what a little
bit of a combination of concealers there
maybelline a razor and the Tom Ford
waterproof one because this is a little
bit pale so I kind of mix them together
a bit
I've got Mac harmony as a contour and
Mac warm soul as a blusher oMG I love
the stuff haven't used in years then I
have max groundwork a Paint Pot which I
also really like companies that in a
while either I've got a matte cream
color base as a highlighter in hush
which is really pretty
then the benefit 3d brows hands on my
brows with Mac's lingering brow pencil
the brows sculpt versions latter one
then I've got two eyeshadows on top of
the groundwork Paint Pot which is this
one this is a new discovery I've never
used this before it's called sumptuous
on it really really pretty like metallic
kaki green and a matte Brown which is
burn which again I'm using ages Cody I
go which is really pretty like metallic
Brown and then the Mac Haute and naughty
two black lash on my eyelashes and then
on my lips I have Baldy blur boldly
there lip liner and brave lipstick which
is really nice kind of like neutral pink
as it will focus the focus is being
crazy there we go it's not would be a
really quick outfit of the day before I
leave I would show you guys my makeup I
haven't really want to make up yet in my
hair just lighting is crazy yellow I'm
gonna go backwards to improve it better
this is what I look like today
wait usual kind of look for a bit more
weight makeup than I normally wear and
then I have on my AllSaints
cashmere roll neck jumper not that you
can see it cause it's all black and then
I have my Topshop flying jacket my YSL
bag to certain animal wallet on chain
Solara jeans and then my Avant should be
so everyone looking to hate them but a
lot of people love them as well and this
is the kind of outfit and then when
like you have to wear them with an
all-black pretty like not out there
outfit but yeah I really like it when
you going to take some pictures out on
the street hopefully before we head off
to the lab tool actually quite nervous
I'm super excited but yeah it's kind of
a big deal so we just arrived at the
Mack is the room we're all sitting
around kind of like a conference room
I'm thinking we're going to get like
some introduction of Lincoln today
what's happening but I just can't wait
to get my laptop this is my lab coat
guys how about about 50 place and with
my signature wah so this is my station
guys a little sneak peek this is my
inspiration boards I just knocked over
actually there we go skills so this is a
hint to the color I have a few like
colors that are like similar to what I
want to do and then we have the ports
here that like already mixed up how come
I'm crazy with tweaking the color guys
I do much so these are the sample shapes
guys from my inspiration board there's a
canoe be one more of a Lila Kwan and
more of a kind of rosy one and you know
what you guys think which one will I go
for I'm not allowed to show you yet but
which we can oh my god guys I just
announced it on my Instagram and my feet
is going crazy so these are all the
ingredients guys we're going to mix them
together and hopefully it doesn't make a
really bad color should be the right
color finish the color super excited
about it I'm not allowed to show you now
until April telling me yeah now we're
just going to just pour it into moles
and definitely actually be able to
screaming check this out guys because
the stickers it girl the boss new
lipsticks very surreal moment so so we
just got back from the lab and I've come
for a little walk in an area around
where we're staying and it's so cute
look at this guy's there's so many fairy
lights especially those with Christmas
decorations still up as well not in life
I'm loving it but they definitely
shouldn't have them up still because it
is the 12th of January but yet really
cute put your clothes village I thought
like I've got a bit of a lot of bills
than that but I'm like Moses cuter like
boutique
and fairy lights make I said fairy
lights make everything better always so
pretty
go and have a little look around it's
like a lot of the shops for me not ones
that I would shop in but nice for a
little one look at this Christian the
Routan guys how far the inside like
Little Red Riding Hood's house but
selling amazing shoes I'm about to head
out to dinner
we're actually Drake's restaurant
tonight I can't on the name of it but
I'll fulfill in Perl or I tell you want
to get that but I want to show you my
outfit really quickly I'm actually not
like that happy with this outfit because
I didn't bring any heels with me and I
feel like it needed heels really this
dress this is my found red dress that I
got in sales and I really love it
actually it's like very uniform like and
yeah has like an open back you guys can
see they're like all-in-one so how about
the lace and then the dress and then I
have on my Valentino boots that might go
with Christmas which I love but I do
feel like I don't know I feel like I
needed heels but I didn't like it and
then my makeup is just the same but just
a bit more added on because let me go
out of the crazy lighting because a lot
of my makeup had come off and I added
like black eyeliner on my waterline as
well just to kind of smoke it up evening
I'm super happy with my hair today as
well guys I didn't do anything different
I curled it with my HD waving wand and I
do the same as I usually do like I start
about here and do three curls and then
leave the ends a little bit straight but
some reason you know some days you just
have a good hair day today it's one of
those days I'm loving it I'm heading out
for dinner and yeah I'm super hungry
actually a jetlag is starting to kick in
we are going for dinner
it's called Frings kind of a strange
name but apparently owned by dre
good morning from Toronto guys I didn't
vlog much at dinner last night because I
was so tired I get the worst check bag
and I'm like the worst person ever like
actually ever staying awake when I'm
tired and I just I can't keep my eyes
open
so yeah we ended up leaving dinner a
little bit earlier than everybody else
last night we still stay for dinner but
I was just so tired I didn't read much
of it the food is really good actually
it was really finally just chatting and
kind of yeah being a zombie in general
my brain was like not functioning you
know when you're trying so hard
I hate jet lag anyway today is actually
a really beautiful day in Toronto look
how nice it looks it's apparently minus
five outside those I'm wrapping up warm
and we're going to explore the city I
think when they got CN Tower at the big
Tower in Toronto and show you guys the
view before I end the vlog because I
feel like it's probably going to be
worth sharing because it's a really
beautiful day so yeah let's go just
walking through the park look at these
black fluffy squirrels
we don't have squirrel like this so cute
I just got to see n how ago and I'm not
entirely sure that's going to translate
on camera it gives you like weird
reverse but has to go looking up at it
what is that cool but it's freaking me
out
it's perfect all it looks like a bit of
fall over
super creepy guys my brain is freaking
out right now
no job is so crazy guys you can see so
far I didn't realize how big Toronto was
so I'm going to end my vlog up here guys
at the top of the empower it's crazy you
can see for miles
thank you guys so much for all of your
support seriously I can't actually quite
believe it a trip and it wouldn't have
happened without you guys I can't wait
for you to see the lips book seriously
I'm beyond beyond excited I've done a
blog post as well as info about when
it's coming out and everything I can
tell you at the moment
so go and check that out I'll link up
below and I'll see you guys very soon
