hey guys so it's June 4th day 10 and I'm
here in the kitchen with this reprobate
and beaver she's purring like crazy
um it's Sunday evening and I've been
pretty tired today because as you guys
will have seen I went out with my
friends last night which was really fun
but we didn't end up getting back into
quite late so we've had quite a
slow-paced day and I've discovered
whilst taking a nap on the sofa this
afternoon that someone decided to take
over my vlog for the day and film some
footage did you not may be guilty so I'm
gonna insert that now because you didn't
actually finish the vlog did you just
decided you were gonna vlog but then you
didn't think I had enough to take up
busy but Mike and Spike decided to vlog
so here it is hi everyone is balloon day
10 and I have stolen ruined me and
woofing who is over the field I've
decided that we will go for a little
walk first the drum Polly whoo now the
little horror job shops already in there
how about a little swim
I think what we need we need to have
something off you don't like Whoopi
ready get know I've got my ball I'm not
getting anything this is your favorite
little spot say woof what's the city go
get it we have a few friends approaching
a few little moo-cows they really want
to come for a play don't they're these
little fellas I didn't know you could go
and walk the cows in regardless I was
trying to say before with la fast
approaching I have to come up with
places to go any sound my vote is to go
back to Six Flags again which we did
last time we were there but she has epic
fun
whereas flirt wants to go to Disneyland
now I think we should have a little bit
of a vote on who wants to go won't
thinks we should go to Six Flags and who
thinks we should go to Disney well me
personally I'm all for six liked yeah
any more cool things you think we should
go and do definitely let us know bike
what do you want to do same buh-bye
please you're gonna show us a mobile you
to show me where it is
which way come on in show me where it is
Geoff okay right so what do you do what
do you do to turn it on that's on yeah
so we've turned the fuel lon well done
then what's what do we press here what's
that do there speed you need to put that
on sir what's that need all right see it
then pull that down do we have it down
then you're gonna start it for me Oh
nearly chap nearly
yeah so speak which way we gonna go and
what we going on that way okay boy see
you later
so what did you think guys did you like
Mike floating do you think it was
rubbish I thought it was quite funny I
especially liked the trampoline moment
yeah my sister and Spike mum and dad
went to like a recreated battlefield um
today and spiteful it was amazing
apparently he was supporting the red
team he's who's your favourite spike red
so it's Sunday evening now and we the
footballers on the moment on the TV
there which I'm not watching you
watching and then we're watching that's
the grant season 2 finale of Game of
Thrones which actually came out an hour
I think that's right who's gone through
so much good it came out or replay
robbery yeah okay so no one because it
was all my emails as I check them so
yeah we're gonna watch Game of Thrones
which actually came out last week I've
been totally I haven't actually updated
everybody on my obsession with Game of
Thrones
Ingrid my friend this lab rats he
recommended the to me like over a long
period of time when I was out in LA in
January her and Joey were like you have
to watch it you have to watch it along
with a whole load of other shows so they
were telling me about and I kind of did
I don't really know why I just didn't
get around to watching it for ages and
then I bought the box set a few weeks
ago and no joke I watched the first
season
in one sitting like ten hours straight
like I was that obsessed and then I've
been watching the second season but I
missed it on TV cuz I caught up just as
it's about to finish on the tenth
episode of season two and I missed it
last Sunday and then for some reason I
couldn't watch it on skype layer like
the internet thing wouldn't load that
one specific episode and I watched the
rest of series two on that but I
couldn't watch the last one so it's
replaying about there's a remark an hour
so I'm missing the Palm Pre for your
reaping yes I've been waiting like a
week to watch it but yeah just a casual
Sunday evening in the divorce household
this cat is obsessed with my victory
obsessed with such a funny-looking thing
she's cute
look at her little smudge he knows one
man and his cat that grumpy dog so yeah
that's it
angry and someone's not they made her
scrambled eggs and chips you know she
lies to us one of us we both we both fed
her last night I fed her before I went
out and meant to leave a note for you so
increasingly walk her but I fed her and
I forgot so she got two dinners the
cheeky little monkey delighted she looks
at you like mmm understands next her
bowl even when she's already been fed
when like him though she did that to you
so yeah casual Sunday evening for us
guys I hope you guys all had a lovely
weekend I'm gonna be back on track this
week I lost it a little bit this weekend
because I was so busy and we're seeing
lots of people and going to lots of
places that vlogging was affected so I
do apologize for that but we will be
back on track from tomorrow well I will
be I say we because Mike's obviously
hey I could poke you in the nose I could
a good pick your nose - Oh forgive me I
anyway right we're gonna go now
on that note guys I hope you guys all
have guys how many times we said guys in
this video probably like 20 I will see
you guys tomorrow bye
