hi everyone so today I'm with my mum
who's arriving and we're going to
Windsor for the day to see my friend
he's an army he is what would you want
like got work is part of the guard he
stops regiment he's an officer and he
we're going to watch him change the
guards which is very exciting people you
get a big paper on set they do actually
it's not caught a bit is it caught a
beaver bearskin is what it's called so I
thought it might be quite a fun vlog to
do especially for anybody who's not from
England because it's kind of a very
traditional British kind of dress or the
sat-nav is beeping telling us that
there's a speed camera even though we're
doing half the speed probably a mum gets
bit shy but when you point the camera at
her she's like business anything and
then if you put it over here she'll
start talking but yeah so we're gonna
take you with it
oh she spoke she speaks very is very
early age eight o'clock on Saturday and
it one take the third exit p.m. one
month and yeah it's quite a long drive
so we'll keep you updated I've got my
coffees I don't fall asleep most one
surviving
pyramid or the stigma try me
Oh
Quincy Jones of God with the cause of
God will move to the right every right
turn when because of God by donut hi
everyone so this is my friend James who
is pretty much my oldest friend in the
world in the world in the whole wide
world and you might have just seen him
shouting at people because he just did
changing the gothicassle and I was very
proud to watch you do that reward
otherwise our mum our mums again yeah
he's a little bit Joanna hold the camera
is your arm is a lot longer than mine
oh so we are you just did changing the
girls which is very high yeah it's very
funny
yeah it's very sorry lots of shouting
and it's got big louder than the other
person who could I succeed is being
louder than they were and we're just
going to have a look round Windsor
Castle so hopefully I'll get some redox
for you of that which is beautiful and
huge it's huge
I'm very jealous that you get to see it
like no precipitation yeah I spent over
time Windsor so it's quite a nice place
to work then yes so we're getting a look
at the car you excited to see me I never
see ya time that I was here
what he goes it'll make it so back the
last room the last time I saw you was in
August and it's now nearly December as
bad as bad friendship Ismet really bad
but we'll show you round castle can I
say yeah commonly we went live in the
colour into film and class
oh I can't even get you that far away so
we are back in the car now and I'm a
little bit windswept because it is
probably the windiest day in the history
of windy days and they actually didn't
let us film in the castle which I was a
little bit gutted about they have big
signs everywhere saying no video
recording and I really wanted to show
you inside and we couldn't so we
actually gonna drive past again now I'm
back in the car with my mom so I'm gonna
switch the camera round see the staff
out there this is we can't go there
that's one of the entrances but if we go
around here this is Windsor I think it's
like just like the high street with all
the shops a really cute little town and
then there's a church there but I don't
think that's anything to do with the
castle just a church
a bus which looks like a London bus and
it gets like a actually private rental
one it's not an actual proper bus
there's loads of nice pubs as well
actually we went for an amazing pub
lunch here's a bit of a classroom it's
actually really busy now but it was so
cool do you have a nice day mum it is
amazing have you ever have you been to
in support
no not ever absolutely huge the castle
the castle is enormous this bit that
you're going to see right now is like
the corner of it it's incredible I go
there now I think you should go straight
you can't go up there it you know just
go straight down well that's the gate
yeah that's the game so there's like the
main gate of the castle you go in as a
visitor and then this is like paying
upon school but it's just absolutely
huge and it was so cool to see James
actually doing changing of the guard
because it's just in - it was never
telling us directions Satnam uh-huh it's
just like it's such a traditional thing
isn't it moment it was really cool to
see the castle goes all the way around
here you can't even really see I'm
hoping some life essential to this top
you generate the sat-nav is taking over
with its chitter-chatter society tools
but yeah it's really really beautiful
had a very nice day you see
really cool actually almost looks fake
because it's so clean I think it's been
cleaned fairly recently but this is it
turns into another eight hundred years I
can't even believe it yes that is winter
I hope you guys enjoyed it I'm sorry I
can show you a bit more it was kind of
it was annoying that we couldn't film it
one yeah we could achieve we could take
some shots off the camera take some
pictures calendar bump all these
calendars she was a ton of it she found
these half-price so show you our mum
gets a bit crazy and gift shop she's
worth to make shopping for these
calendars all them this is the Windsor
Castle calendar if they can see I'm not
sure which room this is this is the
remotion we went in through we went all
round all the staterooms but it was no
photography and no video so give you an
idea of the kind of thing it's just it
was just going and I actually got
something really really cool because
James is actually one of the guardsmen
my friend James really loved Justine
it's one of the guardsmen there and they
have loads of like memorabilia and the
kind of like you know all the different
kings queens guardsmen and everything I
actually got this Christmas tree
decoration and it's in his uniform it
wasn't actually uniform he's wearing
today and he explains to me they were
red in the summer so the grey coats are
actually they're winter uniform so yeah
it's my little mini James I can go on my
christmas tree which i found very
exciting i hope you guys enjoyed this
video and the filming was very shaky but
i hope you guys had a good day and I'll
see you soon roundabout take second
