I since June to fall stay ate and today
Mike and I are going to Windsor it is
lunchtime now we're actually about 45
minutes late leaving so I'm gonna do
this really quickly over there do a
quick outfit of the day now the weather
outside is absolute pants it's raining
it's windy and miserable so we're going
to a party tonight and I wanted to wear
this maxi skirt like in the daytime and
in the evening and then just put heels
on for the evening but it is like the
worst weather ever so I'm taking it just
in case London's a little bit better but
I don't think I'm gonna be able to wear
it so you just wait tweaking my outfits
like being transported back into winter
this is what I'm wearing today very very
wintery I have on my cashmere scarf
which is actually my sister's brand and
she still doesn't have a website I'm
trying to get her to do a website and
it's just taking forever but this is
like my favorite favorite winter scarf
cause it's so warm and it's like a nice
kind of oatmeal color then I have on my
staples are a jacket which is about four
years old now but I'd still love it it's
just so kind of squidgy uncomfortable I
have on a black loose shirt which is
from forever 21
with my Alice Temperley belts with these
stars on it which I love then I have all
my pixie pants and these over the knee
swayed I don't know whether you can see
in very well really suede boots let me
try and show you like this and they have
kind of buckles around the back and I've
had these for awhile but I haven't
actually warmed them very much at all
let me do this side with the light there
you go I haven't worn them very much at
all because I find it's really difficult
to kind of style them like I never know
how flattering they are anyway so we're
packing for Windsor and then we are off
to go mike has got a suit fitting for
our friend's wedding which is down in
that kind of area so he's got to do a
suit fitting and I'm going to see my
friend James who you guys might remember
from the last time I went to Ben Windsor
in December I've locked so I haven't
seen him in a really long time so I'm
looking forward to catching up with him
and then we're heading into London and
we have our friends party tonight which
we're going to with my sister and her
husband and my brother and her
her wife his wife whatever my family
anyway and that is about it so I've
gotta Grusha get into the car now
because we are very late and mike gets
bit stress from my late he's very like
organized I'm like the least organized
one and he's really organized it's kind
of the roles are reversed like the girl
roles
anyway I will see you later
we just coming into wins and I hope it's
still raining what the boats Whelan's
like
very exciting as I am sure you will
agree that all two before see white mr.
house is huge
he doesn't like either the great journey
fee you pay
here we go guys we're just coming into
Windsor
there's a bit of the carps alert and
this is like the main street my excess
has been two wins before but he's never
seen the castle so anything you've
actually been to the middle of winter
have you been to winter well it's kind
of like the main Shinda in Windsor is
then watch out for James my ex dropping
me off by that it's just on the right
here by this statue of Queen Victoria
that's not like you know and she's I
understand usual do it just do it
we're crazy we're going crazy here's
where you have dropped me off okay I'm
getting out now by now we're back in the
car again I'm sorry I didn't sell much
of wins we ended up being pretty busy
because I was catching up with my friend
James and then Mike turned up with our
other friends making cats we're getting
married so we were just having a big
catch up because I haven't seen them
since
I know when it was it was since
and that was it that was vlogmas
that was before christmas is the
beginning of the simple that's how bad
you are I am you see I'm so we are now
stuck in traffic on our way into London
yeah the motorway looks like not very
exciting but I think hopefully exciting
still we wake when we get home for 6
o'clock now so who knows but we are just
chilling in a little car yeah Wolfie is
on the floor looking cute she doesn't
use how was your suit like I didn't ride
on those just measure the dimensions you
see the suit though but it is it a
morning suit as an office
and is it like the traditional gray it's
very nice
it's exciting eleven
Marion office very excited about living
president I can feel more about what
I've done a blog content when turning
people Vince Vince I have frog fins they
are no I did a vlog from Windsor in
December so letting you guys to get been
there done that you've seen Windsor it
isn't pretty cool ooh I have honestly I
want to go back and see James wall
because it's such a nice town and the
shops amazing might move but we had
worth for we're walking backwards and
all I want to go natural to one of their
measure but I mean some jobs wouldn't
mind worse that I think that I've said
well I hurry phrase shamans sure sound
trouble wouldn't mind dogs but woof is
like really wacky like excited like go
everywhere volt everywhere I caught a
dog so anything they're local officials
so yes no way into London now hopefully
we'll see the scheme on stun I wonder if
he's learned any new words he learns new
words every time we sin we usually see
him like once a week or once every two
weeks and these have always learned
something new every time you see him but
yes we're just stuck in traffic
stop it done we're already stuck in
traffic now I'm moving quite fast now
she look
motive a action it's about it really
interesting well so I can do a tour of
my car
here's the backseat here's mike is the
steering wheel the dashboard this is how
many miles we've done got a warning
voice or 5,000 press without a warning
like what press the tire check button
that if anyone if if any of you guys
have a mini although they have this
button that resets the tire pressure
sensor and was pressed it so it's now on
like an and the light we have a flat
tire making sure we don't yeah as my car
got the glove box
so what's in my glove Mike loved my
glove box I'm a bit fancy it wasn't like
at once
kind of struggle to do at this point
we will see you hey guys
so ultimate June fools fail it is now
actually the nine I didn't end up
finishing my vlog last night and I do
have a valid explanation we got stuck in
traffic after you guys last saw me and
we ended up arriving in London really
late we got there just in time to grab
some dinner and then we headed out to
our friend's party and we ended up
staying out very very late and hence
today has been an absolute washout we've
been really really tired we drove back
from London I then went to the gym I
then had a shower and bundled everything
in the car I'm in Mike's car as well as
you can see I have all my stuff in the
back and I'm headed over to my friends
house because we are going to it's kind
of like a ball thing which I'm really
really excited about cuz I haven't been
to a ball in a very long time but it's
not really a ball it's more like a just
big party like I don't even know what it
is to be honest my friends kind of
organized it but we have a table of
girls and we're going on a girls night
out which is really really exciting so
I'm headed over there to get ready as
you can see I have zilch makeup on I did
manage to dry my hair I don't think I'll
be styling it I think I'm just having it
straight tonight cuz I'm totally ran out
of time and I meant to be doing a couple
of the girls makeup as well and I'm half
an hour late so this is gonna be the end
of look I might actually show you what
I'm wearing really quickly before I
leave so it might not be the end but
yeah I hope you guys don't mind I kind
of merged two days into one but yeah so
we've had a pretty crazy day and I've
ended up in Mike's car because my sister
I didn't even know if I said that my
head is all over the shop my sister
ended up borrowing my car because she
came back home to see my parents and
spike this afternoon so I'm in Mike's
big old truck and I am off to see my
friends yes I've seen it so as you might
have to tell we're in the back of the
car right now we wanted to film this
sound really cuz we wanted to film
outside but the music's so loud there
for coffee right so we can't do an
outfit for you but we are looking
fales is looking fierce in her lava for
hmmm number which I was massively
jealous of cuz I really
to make what's happened did you dribble
so bales is here and we have Lucia here
a glamorous and daisies who it's really
close really close up just as well go
far and myself obviously I'm gonna
finish the bulkier cuz to be honest
there's only so much you do for the back
of a car but I will see you all tomorrow
