hey guys it's June divorce case seven or
as I'm gonna call this video fit divorce
it's a bit of an update on my fitness
for you I mentioned in yesterday's video
that I was thinking about doing a kind
of Fitness related update or a tag or
and asked for I'm gonna do Fitness one
today and then I'm gonna do an ask Flo
one either like on Sunday or something
anyway as you guys might know if you
follow my vlog on a regular basis back
in April right around about the
beginning of April I think I started off
a bit of a health kick and it was more
to do an eating to start with because I
hadn't been eating that healthily and I
thought was about time that I kind of
changed my habits and started to
incorporate kind of more healthy options
into my diet and also to try and start
changing my lifestyle as well so just
generally moving a bit more and I
started by trying to walk the dog at
least once a day because normally that's
kind of Mike's thing and he walked the
dog so I need to go with him where I
walk the dog instead of him if he was
like late for work or something and that
works well for a while and I kind of
started feeling a lot better and I
started noticing just the way I felt it
made a change in the way I kind of felt
in myself but it didn't really make any
difference to my fitness or to my
physique at all that wasn't toning up or
anything like that so I was talking to a
bunch of my girlfriends about just over
a month ago now and we were actually
like spending some time together we were
away and I you know they're really
really into their fitness and I kind of
felt a bit left out I kind of felt a bit
like I should be kind of taking care of
my body a bit better and doing a bit
more exercise because I've always been a
total like exercise phone like I
absolutely hated it as a teenager I
hated sports at school anything like
that was just not me so most of my
friends would actually actively might
laugh at the thought with me going into
the gym and a lot of them have since
I've started this kind of fitness kick a
lot of my friends think it's just
hilarious they're like you doing that
Fleur it won't last but am i month in
after that chat with so my friend
websites get a personal trainer
and this was quite a big decision for me
because as a lot of you guys wanted
personal trainers are not cheap they're
really expensive so I decided to go with
a trainer that my mum and he's in the
past my mom is very similar to me but
she'd go through a phase about five
years ago when I think she saw her
personal trainer once a week for 18
months and she said she's the only
person that's ever actually been able to
make my mom do exercise on a regular
basis so for me that was encouraging
although my mom didn't stick to it kind
of she had a few health issues after
that and she kind of got out of sync
I've been trying to get her back into it
though anyway so I started seeing a
personal trainer and I found that has
really given me the kick in the backside
and the motivation to keep going because
initially when I start a kind of fitness
thing I'm like yeah I'm gonna go to the
gym and I go for like three times one
week and then I'll give up because I
hate it so much but going to the
personal trainer really kind of helps to
ease me into it to start off with she
kind of went easy on me in the beginning
and kind of asked what I wanted to do
she was giving me recommendations and
how much exercise I should be doing
outside my personal training session
each week and I kind of felt like not
pressure because she did it in a really
nice way in the way that she didn't say
you have to do that she was like try and
do this and it's a way that I would feel
bad for her and for myself like I'd let
myself down if I didn't do it so I
started off seeing her once a week for
an hour and then she would set me the
challenge of doing 30 minutes cardio
three times a week until I next saw her
so essentially I was going to the gym
like four times a week which is a lot
for me like I've never really done that
before but it was kind of short sweet
bursts so I didn't get bored and I'd
really didn't hate it that much and in
the last like week or so there's been
this kind of turnaround moment for me
where I've really really started to
enjoy her and I never ever thought I
would get to that stage with the gym I
always thought it would be you know even
if I managed to keep up a routine it
would be something that I hate but I've
actually started to really enjoy it and
I started to go to the gym one extra day
a week so I try and do five days a week
usually the weekdays and the half of the
weekends off so one day with my personal
trainer and then for other training
session
on my own I've also started to kind of
incorporate a little bit more cardio
into my day-to-day work out as well as
doing work on my thighs buns and abs the
one thing I'm really bad at doing on my
own that might rain actually helps me
with is my arms I just hate arm
exercises on my own I just find it
really really dull and difficult whereas
for some reason I don't mind doing other
stuff for like for your thighs and bum
stomach I just I find them okay but arms
I'm just like oh this is awful
so I have been doing that I've been
really enjoying it in terms of seeing
results
I definitely like like I said the
meaning when I started kind of eating
more healthily of walking I feel amazing
like when I wake up in the morning I
feel like twice his way because I've
used to and I'll front been in the gym I
just feel full of energy and I just I
don't know whether it's partly
endorphins which is like office he makes
you feel good but also I feel really
proud of myself and it's also a great
motivation for me to eat more
healthfully as well because if I've been
in the gym for an hour in the morning I
don't want to come in and have like a
full English breakfast because it kind
of you know you're kind of defeating the
point of going to the gym of being
healthy if you have any unhealthy food
so I've been eating really really
healthily and not like a small amount
but just super super healthy and I've
been really really enjoying it so yeah
that's how my gym routine is going at
the moment I thought it would do a quick
update for you all I'm going to be doing
kind of a workout clothes video as well
and I will also be doing a kind of
update on my healthy snacks and food
that I've been loving because I've
discovered wolf is barking like crazy
because I've discovered some amazing new
foods that I've been absolutely loving
to eat so that is it for my kind of
update for today I will see you all in
the next video which will be tomorrow
bye guys oh as well don't forget if you
have any tips or advice for me or
anything like that I would love to know
because it's all like my kind of journey
to becoming fit and into exercise
very kind of long ones so anything to
kind of keep me into it and new exciting
things that you guys have heard about
and would be greatly appreciated I'll
see you guys bye dog
