eyes and welcome to June before stay six
now today I'm not actually doing
anything too exciting I've been just at
my house all day kind of making videos
editing videos uploading videos so i
hope you guys enjoyed my nail tutorial
wolf is trying to eat the cat Wolfie
don't bite um but yeah I've just been at
home doing videos I think Mike's just
been on a bike ride and he's just got
back that's why woofs like I just love
with you so much look at me she's so
cute anyway so I've just been catching
up with emails and all that jazz but I
thought I would give you a quick update
on my p.o box situation now I never
really thought that I would need a p.o
box that people would actually want to
write to me or send me things or
anything like that but I have had a lot
of requests and even more so recently to
let you guys know if I have a p.o box
and if I do what is the address so I
don't actually have a p.o box the reason
being in the UK pierre boxes aren't
actually very secure because when you
register for a p.o box i think your
address actually goes link to the pier
box if you look online in a database
apparently you can find the address
anyway so it's not really a very secure
way of putting my address like publicly
I don't think anything that's a great
idea anyway but I've managed to arrange
a p.o box situation with my network so I
now have a mailing address that you guys
can send to i'm going to put all of the
information in the info bar below if you
guys want to write to me or like no send
me a letter or something i have i have
no idea kind of what to expect from
having a peer box but i'm really excited
and i know a lot of people have said
that they would like to write to me and
i love writing letters as well like i
constantly by stationery and i don't
actually have the chance to write many
letters so I'm very excited to kind of
like right people whack and stuff so if
you want to write to me like you
probably don't but if you do want to
write to me that option is now bear
which is kind of exciting so that is my
news for today I don't really have much
other news the cat is on the bed here as
you can see this is growler they've
grown so much the cats are actually
getting pretty big now isn't she cute
she says hi
she says hi she's a little tiger but
yeah that's pretty much it for today
guys I'm sorry today's been like super
short and sweet but this is me vlogging
my life and some days aren't as exciting
as others so i will probably be doing
either a tag video or an ask Fleur video
or a fitness related video for tomorrow
so let me know if you guys which one of
those you would prefer if you want me to
a tag or if you want we should ask Fleur
what topic you would like me to do it on
and if you want me to do a fitness video
like what you would like me to talk
about so either like my fitness routine
or like my favorite workout clothes or
healthy eating or things like that so
let me know what you guys would like to
see tomorrow and I will see you then bye
