Hey Jude the fourth day
or is it take six a five pretty shirt a
500 your moment with a lamb there that
is a fat man so today it's Tuesday bank
holidays everyone's off work Tuesday
Jubilee back holiday everybody's off
work and my mom is having an afternoon
tea party which we are headed to in a
minute we're just taking Whoopi for a
walk so I thought I would do my morning
hello and how are you doing type thing
really it's a lovely British summer's
day
not really it's kind of raining which is
a bit stinky but what B is enjoying the
walk from that I felt like I had
something to say well we went to watch a
lovely movie Lawson yeah we've launched
after la well I just keep on thinking
about it and we booked all the hotels
and everything Ellen seemed pretty cool
it's gonna be cool I might improve on my
golf was ten maybe
oh my god here we go guys Mike's gonna
get his sexy body out wait wait look how
nice and brown here's and then what is
this secret I see it's not a problem see
Mike's got a t-shirt tab Oh too much
time not so good are you gonna take your
t-shirt off when we go to LA and maybe
catch some rays
no the rest of the body maybe see what I
don't know where the L is ready handle
muscle today that's came on a walk with
us yesterday and we thought they were
gonna come today as well but they
haven't check it out we will see you
later
forty and Kay
oh hey guys so we just arrived at my
parents and I thought I would show you
the tea this is different kind of tea
that Mike's making he's making some real
tea but we are having afternoon tea and
do you wanna talk history mom look how
gorgeous mom looks today she's all
dressed up she's got heels on and
everything it's a very rare occurrence
that mum wears heels do you want to show
me the tea yeah but we can do a sneaky
peek sneaky pete she's got these little
tables with flowers on especially for
like little miniature tea tables very
snazzy
and then we've got sandwiches
smoked salmon sandwiches cucumber
sandwiches and these all sandwiches mum
I think you went a bit crazy on the
sandwiches sandwiches
Mike's a bit fussy with his sandwiches
he only likes not as well with grass
Mike and then we've got my muffins which
have been making a serious appearance on
YouTube the last few days mums done some
with flowers because they're so ugly
scones it's gone you said you just said
scones and then you chase your scones no
I say I change all the time I would say
it varies depending on no it tastes good
who knows if you know how to say scones
or scones then put in the formation
table then we have some strawberries but
like hey I mean there's a what's that
coffee cake or not the coffee air
grandma made the coffee cake and then
there's a more cakes coming and then
there's this crazy
what is this plant called is it a bird
of paradise yes look at it it looks like
it's gonna eat the cake
it's like so that is the teeny and now
we're just here it's cool it was real
it's yeah
what a name I should learn something new
every day so everyone should be arriving
in a short while and then we're gonna
eat some tea I guess oh yeah Mike's
thought the dogs afternoon tea in the
form of twos and woof a minute ago
actually had to she'd managed to steal
badges pin it under her one foot and
then under the other foot she had
another two that dog has got skills dog
off my own heart stealing and eating
extra food Thank You mo yeah so guys I'm
gonna leave you whilst I enjoyed this
cup of tea I hope you guys all have a
fantastic do you believe you're
celebrating it today and I will see you
all tomorrow
