hey guys it's June the fourth day for I
probably what's going really fast
already and I'm loving blogging um I
just realized how really ridiculously
messy my kitchen is and I will be
tidying that up later anyway I am just
cooking some lunch because my friends
Lisi and Bailey who have been in my
vlogs before so you might remember them
if you watch them throughout April yeah
it was in April and they were in there
on Christmas as well and a few times in
between and they kind of like to my best
friends so they generally kind of hang
around in my life quite a lot I'm just
making some lunch because they're coming
over and I thought I would show you what
I'm making it's not very exciting as you
know I'm on a health kick so it's kind
of healthy I am doing whole wheat penne
with I have some I mixed up this kind of
mixture of kale lentils quinoa and then
I have some if I can show you cherry
tomatoes and I also have some king
prawns as well but Bailey's allergic to
king prawns so they're only going in
mine and lyses so we're doing that and
then we are all hopefully going into
town and buying some ingredients to make
smoothies because we are doing jubilee
smoothies if you guys aren't in the UK
I'm not sure how international all of
the Jubilee celebrations have been I
know it will get shown in the US but I'm
not sure how many people will actually
be watching it but it's the Queen's
Diamond Jubilee this year so it's kind
of a big deal in England we've all got a
four-day weekend and so everybody is
kind of making lots of food and all of
that jazz so we're going to do kind of
Jubilee healthy smoothies and then drink
them properly but I don't actually have
a blender or a juicer either so I need
to buy so I really want to start juicing
because everybody might well everybody
being my sister has been telling me all
the benefits about juicing so I want to
get a juicer but then I also want to get
a blender first smoothie making so we're
gonna go to town and do that
yeah and I'm gonna finish cooking lunch
now eat lunch and then I will see you
later with listening and vaguely I found
these two delinquents in my house just
hanging around and then with
we found a rat there's a rat in my
kitchen what time I posted a picture on
it's from yesterday and I think a lot of
people actually thought that I'd got a
new puppy but she's not mine she's this
she's a lucky girl right we're gonna
cook smoothies and makes us smoothies
and I actually didn't realize I don't
have a blender but I have a juicer so we
have been in purchased some of the
cheapest models of both so we have a
blender and then a juicer which
apparently took three different things
which I thought you could probably get
one that did both things but apparently
it can't so we're gonna get the blender
out and then we've got some ingredients
here got some blueberries raspberries
strawberries bananas lemons yogurt and
almond milk and we're gonna make our
Jubilee smoothie and just so that you
guys know we haven't actually made this
before so it's not like a recipe it's a
kind of make it up as we go along so we
will see how it turns out oh and Holly
is helping to make the right windows
thank you yes do you want some smoothie
hello oh you're so cute
I think we should just have one which is
just about Holly what just just a whole
day all day a day in the life of tally
yes oh great yes how much would she not
thought so this movie is gonna be like a
tricolor smoothie so it's gonna go white
red blue and then let's go have a Union
Jack on the top we've just envisioned it
envision this in our mind Lissy is
helping with the creative direction oh
my gosh that is amazing
all right do tell how you're gonna do
this if it works we're gonna make the
white part of the smoothie first so I
put a banana in here and then I'm going
to put in Somalia noir percent Greek
yogurt that's pretty weird consistency
you know I had great yoga for I have but
I normally have the own brand
supermarket one okay so we're gonna put
some of that in yes it 2 tablespoons
quite large ones yeah and then I'm gonna
put in Bush smells really nice now I'm
gonna put in some almond milk I just
eyeball it I die Bowl it I don't know if
we should have it very much because yeah
I think got it we need to have it quite
thick so yeah quite it going on in there
and then we're gonna blend this up and
see what happens
shoot if she likes the smoothie ohh woof
is getting jealous
woof can have something it's basically
yogurt worth is not playing fair whoops
I think woof he's a little bit jealous
of all the attention time he's getting
on your face
Whoopie you were that cute when you were
a baby too and you got all the attention
she's like whatever do we need some ice
let's have a taste I don't know I think
CGT it takes these good
you're not very sweet just hot yoga okay
that's weird because I've suede it put
yogurt all phenomena oh here's the white
this let's crack him we've used it all
up
oh I think we need more bananas they are
quite big glasses as well yeah they are
look at Tali just waiting for you to
give him another spoonful this is bad
we're getting these don't get to bad
habits tell you fails fails we're
putting strawberries in this is to be
the red layer yeah and we're gonna blend
it up and see how it goes what you need
taught me where is it oh yeah okay so
we're gonna oh it better stay how do you
make it stay on yeah there we go oh that
looks so good I think we put too much
white embossing yeah Wow anything we I
me towards me it's all my fault
looks so good it smells amazing
Tommy's saying hello to the caps is the
first time she's ever seen the kisses
we'll get some juice but no we're making
this already I think this will do it's
pretty blue fine
it's obviously all-natural food I'm a
tiny are we gonna go green here's a
little bit of general knowledge for you
you know what most food dyes are made
from beetles yeah not a healthy but so
worth it for the color know is such an
unappetizing food color there now we're
going to decorate them yeah yeah and
then we should all each print our own
corners to decorate yeah we're all gonna
decorate them differently and we're
gonna come back and show you our designs
wicked so here are the Jubilee smoothies
bails trying to go first we've obviously
all gone for a similar route in
attempting and Union Jack and failing
miserably well okay I attempted to do a
Union Jack using Truvia sweetener which
is like a natural sweetener which was
white but then it got wet with the
smoothie and has now gone kind of clear
so I didn't show up so it kind of looks
like a flowery star type thing but it
still looks tasty and it'll be sweeter
than yours because it has sweetener in
it I'm sweet enough so I used scent
Greek yogurt and so much will be on top
to make I would say a below-average
Union Jack yeah I think we should have
gone for crowns bails what what did you
do to this what's that meant to be yeah
mine will taste a lot better it's it's
typical English summer so should we try
them I don't know how we're gonna drink
them I think my needs burns I need to
mix my not because I just go all the
swinging they're really solid the Blues
really
what's it like now it's quite banana a
it's quite like strawberry yogurt well
there you are guys there are you do
believe smoothies I have to admit they
weren't as good as I'm expecting but you
know you win some you lose some
we're going to see Snow White and
Huntsman tonight which I am really
excited about yeah so we'll update you
from now on you know what it's like and
if it's good tell me if you guys have
seen it already because Wow
so we just got back from seeing you no
way look who it is
oops you again um we just got back from
seeing Snow White and Huntsman and what
did you think movie I think it was
pretty good yeah it was a tad long a
tadpole they look like someone had been
yeah it was quite Lord of the Rings
inspired yeah but it was good I really
enjoyed it I thought it was them
entertaining yes and but we are very
excited to go see prometheus next week
hopefully that'll be really good yeah so
that is it for today guys I hope you all
had a fantastic day and I will see you
tomorrow along with this fool
