nice 243 she's the cutest thing ever
this is Talley say hi and she's not mine
guys she's actually Lizzy's who's here
tell everybody some more about her full
name is talisca which is a type of sushi
whiskey and shortened to tanni for short
as 12 weeks old and she's a deca noodle
so 3/4 Jack Russell and a 1/4 toodles
yeah and she's pretty naughty she can
just about fit that's about it
can we try to make us it she's really
chilled apparent she's just been on a
really long walk but she's I mean ice
okay this is how small she is honey
tiny 6 6 oh oh my god she's so cute will
she fetch what is she likes the golf
club is getting she's so cute oh my god
she's so tiny
yeah you just like cuddles don't you so
Lizzy and Talia have gone home now how
was that puppy she's gonna be coming
over tomorrow as well so I'm sure you
guys will see her in tomorrow's vlog if
you thought she was cute
I honestly miss with being a puppy so
much you forget how cute puppies are but
anyway for the rest of today's vlog I
thought I would show you how I cooked
their muffins from yesterday's video
because I got lots of requests showing
you how to do them they're really easy
it's not my recipe like I said before
it's from the tone it up girls website
which I will link in the information bar
below they have a main
saying recipes on there as well as like
obviously exercises kind of routines and
tips and videos and all that kind of
stuff
I've been getting running into their
channel and their website recently so
that is cool anyway on to the cooking so
the recipe is actually an American
recipes has done in cups but I've
converted it into grams and stuff so
I'll actually write it all down in
information bar below as well so you
guys can check it out if you want to
know how to cook it if you are working
on grounds instead of cups but anyway
getting into it the first thing you're
gonna need is three bananas and you want
to peel these and mash these in a bowl
which I will show you in a second and
you want to just do it using a fork okay
so once you have mashed the banana up it
will look like this which I've literally
just mashed up using fork and it works
better the riper the banana the better
obviously because it's mushy and now it
kind of looks like sick mmm so what
you're gonna do next is add all of the
wet ingredients together so I'm gonna
put in one egg now the actual recipe
called Fourche here but I couldn't get
ahold of any cheer so I kind of replaced
it with an egg to stir consistency I
think chia seed and water kind of makes
her kind of shell apparently I don't
know ivy I've never used it but anyway I
replace it with an egg and it worked
really well in the recipe yesterday so
I'm gonna put that in and then I'm going
to put in 60 grams of applesauce or one
third of a cup and I'm trying to open it
with one hand right now
and to be honest 60 grams is pretty much
like that's how much I used in
yesterday's so it's around half it's
just under half so I'm gonna chuck in
the rest of this applesauce and you can
actually make your own applesauce but to
be honest I just bought the weight Rose
essential applesauce so I'm gonna put
that in once I've done that I'm gonna
start mixing all of the dry ingredients
together so I have some scales here and
you want to put 45 grams or half a cup
of rolled oats
these are which Rose organic
it's so we want 45 and then I'm gonna
put in 120 grams of whole wheat flour
again I have Duchy originals organic
stone ground whole meal playing British
flour which actually is a little messy
so I'm going to switch the camera off
for this okay so that's 120 grams or 1
cup of whole wheat flour and then
finally I'm gonna put in a hundred grams
or half a cup of brown sugar
now I actually couldn't get organic
brown sugar in my supermarket for some
reason but obviously as far as possible
if you want to make it as like healthy
as possible you should use organic
ingredients but I kind of went half way
there because I couldn't get a lot of
them so we popped that and after the
sugar I'm gonna put in 1 teaspoon of
bicarbonate of soda ruff 1 teaspoon of
baking powder and then half a teaspoon
of salt and once all of that is in and
we can focus on it like that and the
last thing we're gonna do is put in a
little bit of raw 100% cacao now this I
actually got doesn't have a label down
anymore but it's Willie's click out and
you can get it from weight trays I don't
know about other supermarkets but that's
where I got mine from and we want to put
in it says I can't remember the cup
amount I'll put it in the information
bar below but I remember it said about
70 or 80 grams or something and I
thought that looked like too much so in
mine I put in 60 grams and it was
actually fine so I'm actually just gonna
see how much we have in this like half
here and see what it weighs okay so that
is 35 grams so we're gonna need this
plus a little bit more and this comes in
this big kind of chunks I think you can
buy it in kind of nib form or broken up
but as far as I know in UK supermarkets
at the moment you can only kind of get
it in this format unless you kind of
find speciality places to shop so what I
tend to do is chop it up included
to film now so I can actually do this
but as you can see if you get a big
knife this stuff actually kind of breaks
up I say that easily it doesn't fairly
easily and it is kind of messy it tends
to kind of flake if you can see this but
it does it does kind of break up like
that so what you need to do is do that
to the whole block and then put in about
sixty grams so once you've done that and
created quite a lot of mess you want to
pop it in there and then you just want
to mix all of the dry ingredients
together and you can do this with a
spoon you can do it with clean hands you
can do it with dirty hands too if you
want but that would be very nice I hope
mix all the dry ingredients together and
then once you've mixed those pop them in
with the banana and other wet
ingredients and then just stir all these
together and it kind of looks like some
really gloopy measly okay so now you're
ready to start spooning the mixture out
into your muffin cases and this is just
a silicone muffin tray you can get them
from pretty much any cook shop or kind
of department store but I find that
these are very very small they're kind
of mini muffin sized if you can see
compared to my hand so they kind of make
the perfect kind of little sized snack
either if you want to eat in between
meals have a kind of healthy snack or
you can eat a couple of them for
breakfast or you can have one for
breakfast along with a few other things
anyway I find that these are the perfect
size kind of mini muffins and this
mixture will make twenty so kind of one
heaped tablespoon will fill up the
muffin case and you just want to almost
fill up the top I've sprayed a little
bit of olive oil onto them just to stop
them sticking but you shouldn't need
muffin cases or anything once they're
cooked you can just pop them right out
but I did spray a tiny bit I actually
used olive oil but olive oils probably
not the best oil to be using for it but
it's just the only one that my mom had
in her kitchen so I want to cook them
for between ten and twenty minutes
depending on your oven as this oven
actually isn't
it's on all the time and you can't
adjust the heap so you kind of have to
play it by ear but between ten and
twenty minutes you want to check them at
ten and see how they're done but don't
leave the door open for too long
otherwise they might sink you can kind
of tell when they're done because they
go nice and kind of raised and brown but
I'm just gonna fill all these in and pop
them in and then I will show you the
finish results okay so here they are
they've just come out of the oven and
then for the purpose of showing you how
to do this you should probably wait
until they're a little bit cooler
they're kind of hot I might actually
need to use this you can just pop them
out of the silicone and then you have
your little mini muffin ready to eat and
they are super super tasty so I'm really
really excited actually to try these
with a kind of like variation on the
recipe maybe throw in some dried
cranberries or raisins and a few other
things like that I think it will be cool
to sprinkle some oats on top so they
look a bit prettier as well because they
aren't the most appetizing looking thing
but they're actually taste amazing so
let me know if you guys try out this
recipe or if you've got any
recommendations for any other kind of
healthy non healthy recipes if you go
what i mean like healthy cake recipes
that will be awesome it yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed this like super fast I hope
it wasn't too long I have to kind of
edit it together but I hope you guys
enjoyed this little cooking how-to video
I'm gonna be back tomorrow I'm actually
gonna be doing another kind of cooking
related videos for it'll be more like a
supermarket vlog and then cooking but I
think we're gonna do Jubilees smoothies
me and lissajous or earlier I'm gonna do
Jubilee smoothies which should be really
exciting so I will see you all tomorrow
for junior for stay for bye guy
