hey guys it's June divorce day - yay and
today we are headed over to my parents
house because we are doing a movie night
tonight now it sounds kinda weird but my
dad has just bought a projector and this
like huge pulldown screen that he's
really really excited about he's been
talking about doing it for about five
years I think and he's finally done it
so we're getting a few friends over
tonight and holding a movie night so we
are gonna head over there now we're
gonna go to the supermarket at some
point we're gonna make our own popcorn
which I'm very very excited about we
love popcorn so I thought I would do a
quick outfit today
first off watery I know outfit is
complete without my watery eye if I turn
this around and I am wearing my bright
coral Topshop jumper which I totally
forgot about this you know when you put
something in the wash pile and you like
wash it and it goes to the bottom
basically I was underneath all of our
bed sheets and I totally forgot about it
and I found it this way I was like yeah
I'm gonna wear it I totally forgot I had
it so I have that on with just a nude
tank top underneath and pixie pant
leggings and then I have on this purple
scarf which I actually love this I
bought this in New York last year from
Free People and I've worn it absolutely
loads it's purple it has this kind of
like tie-dye print on it it's kind of
tribal print looking if you look at it
from a distance but if you actually if
you look at it close up it's kind of
like tie-dye anyway so I have that on
and then I have my rose gold ballet
pumps and that is it for my outfit of
the day quite simple but really bright
and it's rainy and miserable so I'm kind
of happy that I'm wearing such a like
right outfit to brighten up the day my
eye is streaming today it's even worse
than yesterday I thought it was getting
better but there we go so I think Mike
still hasn't passed us his stuff look
how organized Mike is he's a bit of a
neat freak anyway so we are off Mike
are we taking her for a walk before we
go
and yeah it's got fluffy and them think
hey guys so I'm at my mum's now she's
there say hi and I'm doing a bit of a
test run of my healthy muffins I'm
actually using a recipe from the tone up
blog which looks like this it's
on-the-go muffins so they look good so I
thought I would try them wife Ashley
altered the recipe a little tiny bit
because it says to use chia and I'm
pretty sure I did a bit of research on
cheer and it sounds amazing it's meant
to be like this amazing superfood but
I'm pretty sure you can't buy it in like
ingredient format in the UK yet so I
kind of did a bit of jiggling around and
replace it with an egg so I'm hoping but
that might work but this is what the
mixture looks like it looks quite good
it's kind of based on like banana brown
sugar and cacao which is like basic
cocoa like knots no sugar no milk in it
at all it's like raw chocolate and we're
testing one out in the oven now let me
show you guys we're testing like one to
see how it bakes I don't know so it's in
there few guys it's at the back I don't
think you can see it anyway but I'll
keep you updated as to like how it goes
because I'm really excited I'm really
hoping these gonna be good anyway and
I'm also I'm just making some lunch
with some quinoa which this is just like
on its own at the mint but I'm going to
add some veg and stuff into it I've
never had quinoa before but I've been
recommended it as like a healthy kind of
food to eat so I'm trying it out it's
kind of like couscous I actually I just
tried it and I like the consistency it's
kind of like couscous but slightly like
nuttier kind of crunchy so I'm excited
to try that and apart from that the boys
have gone off to play golf and we have
some I don't know what Mike did with the
DVDs I'm going to show you guys ice
cream later when the boys are back
because it is so funny like it's the
biggest screen you've ever seen so we're
gonna have a screening you're right mom
mom getting so funny when you put her on
camera she goes all quiet guys what do
you think my muffins do you turn out
like
now tea sorry if you don't think they're
gonna be here you horrible to tell
everybody she's a horrible mother having
no faith in my home baking me Oh tell
you my me cuz I got my watery eye I
think you look up and lookin everybody
like mom's got no megaphone doesn't she
look kiss okay guys so my mini muffin is
done this is what it looks like pretty
good I think it looks pretty tasty we
only did one just to test how they
cooked in the silicone thing but I'm
gonna make mom try self cuz she said
they were gonna be bad but all look
inside it feel like melted melted
chocolatey mom come try some
mmm good the chocolate stuff is really
strongly that's what they're really not
sweet but they're these drop it you like
them they kind of like banana bread
mrs. you've got really bad cooking
skills I think I should make all of them
yeah so we're ready to unveil the screen
it needs like mom do you think dad
really needed the screen this big we
know but it does that mommies they just
put it down
stupid right what are we going to watch
options always joking wish it's not
going live all this hair whose live he
could be like good it makes you farting
noise when it comes up now I was gonna
say we could have like a Twitter but you
can put these on Twitter and say what
movie should we watch maybe I'll do that
so I think okay and you do what do you
think come here well I'm sure you know
first of all which is a mighty thick is
Mission Impossible
really good
this is Jack everybody warhorse that's
what we had cover this is a good film
I've loved when I went to see this
moment I was crying this was my piece
bridesmaids
this was actually Jack's choice to be
honest you haven't seen the enemy and
it's really good it is actually so funny
I think even for guys but it does look
good choice I think this is gonna be the
winner I think that's gonna be the
winner I'm just gonna throw it out there
that's the pass so that's probably what
good we're gonna be watching it we're
gonna move the sofas so that they're
like Oh Senate we're not watching it
does look a bit depressing
that's mum mum's new to blu-rays she
went to mum and dad went on a late night
ask to visit last night because I was so
excited that they got the his cream but
they wanted to buy blu-ray the blind of
limas by lending and then Indiana Jones
yeah bikes and they covered in dog hair
we're moving we're moving the sofas so
that they're like epic like a proper
cinema and we have snacks in this big
bowl thing which one has which i think
is gonna be awesome
so basically it's gonna be an awesome
movie like night night like night it's
gonna be an awesome movie night pretty
much like the cinema so I'm very very
excited about this I'm gonna go and
tweet the film's down and see what you
guys think we should
it needs a red carpet I actually
commonly I'm going around around a
circle look really cool I'm very very
excited about this but yeah that's it
for today's vlog guys I will see you all
tomorrow for balloon day blue I just got
a balloon flirtiness Jude force for June
2 for day 3 I'll remember the name of it
tomorrow
