hey guys so guess what it's June which
means I'm gonna be vlogging every day
and I've decided to call it as you might
be able to tell from the title June the
4th I had so many suggestions from you
guys as to what to call it and it was
between that and velu Mike who is also
here know you liked balloon precisely
Mike liked balloon I liked June de force
so I'm going with you de force because
beautiful I asked mom and she thought
balloon was like sounds weird anyway it
is the first day of June it's not the
most amazing day it's pretty miserable
to be quite honest but we're walking
that monster over there and looking
she's so excited whoopee whoopee say hi
no she's way too busy to say hi um so it
is the first day of June and we have
some exciting what pinch punch first oh
yeah so funny
okay so now before I was so rudely
interrupted by Mike we're doing in June
what are we doing to be honest like this
week I'm not actually doing that much
but in a couple of weeks Mike and I are
us the US of A again but Mike's going
with me this time yeah just like yeah so
we're going to California for I'm going
for two weeks my skin for ten days yeah
basically for IMATS then we're going up
to San Francisco to visit our friend
Phillip then we are going back to LA and
I'm going to VidCon so it's gonna be an
awesome I'm really really excited about
I'm gonna be vlogging from there so what
else is happening in the month of June
well it's the Jubilee the Jubilee this
weekend we don't have that many plans
for the Jubilee mum's having a tea party
she's not having a street ball
because lives in the middle of nowhere
there's no one else on the street so be
a bit of a mystery so we're having yeah
we'll have a street party in the field
maybe not but we're having a tea party
where everybody's gonna bake which is
really exciting also I've been whoopee
with chasing pigeons yeah so we're doing
the tea party on Tuesday but then
there's like three other days of Jubilee
like it basically starts now we don't
really have any plans recovery tonight
that's not exactly Jubilee like that the
other couple of things that I wanted to
talk to you guys about I'm doing gonna
be doing fitness videos I mentioned it
in my last vlog that I was working out
whether you guys would like to see it
and there was a really good response to
that so I'm gonna be kind of keeping you
updated on how that goes maybe doing a
few like healthy cooking videos I know I
want to make some kind of like healthy
muffins for the Jubilee tea party so but
I'm not entirely sure I've no amazing
before so I might do like how to cook
muffins but I don't really know how to
cook them so let's see what they end up
tasting like on a video tomorrow which
could be cool yeah working and stuff I'm
trying to think of us actually like
anything else sure many Bob
Benny barbecue is we had a barbecue
probably it's my eyes still watering I
think I must have a block tear duct
somebody commented on the video
no no because the ducts carries the
tears away from your eye into your nose
apparently something I didn't know
before so if you get blocked here ducts
then you can yeah do you have lock now
just put I think I'm gonna lock tear
ducts as well anyway I'm thinking about
out of breath walking and vlogging at
the same time is that bad doesn't show
much for my fitness level does it yeah
but it was actually so-so
Sunmi last week and we ended up having a
barbecue coming shot hello
like every not every day we could we had
five minute we didn't we it was amazing
it was like watch ready for lunch oh
let's just wish the Barbie on and put
some let's just switch the bobbitt
barbecuing is so easy healthy if I lived
in is healthy too if I lived in a hot
country I would definitely have a bar
with you like every single day yeah at
least once a day if not twice but the
weather is back to being pretty it's not
all for but it's just pretty standard so
yeah that's pretty much it for today
guys sorry we haven't been doing
anything SuperDuper exciting but I will
be back tomorrow
what's this finger et phone add on to
the end of that video I just said to
Mike we need to do a thumbnail and Mike
came up with the comedy thumbnail that
is now a thumbnail so I hope you enjoy
the thumbnail guys
