good morning guys welcome to the very
first day of December and a vlogmas its
back get ready for jingle so I actually
don't know if I'm gonna do everyday well
I know that I'm not gonna do everyday
because I am very very close to having a
baby right now
and therefore doing vlogmas in my usual
way it's probably not gonna happen
however what I am gonna do is vlog as
much as possible and try and get at
least kind of two maybe three frogs up a
week for you guys in the next few weeks
it might go down towards Christmas as
the baby gets closer we'll see we'll see
how I feel but I'm still gonna be
vlogging I'll try and vlog a little bit
every day it's just gonna be like three
days in one video so I hope you guys
like it
I'm here in my kitchen this morning the
first two december Mike's actually gone
to physio he started running again so
he's having physio still on his knees
and joints and stuff so that he doesn't
break like he did in the marathon and
Piglet what you do down there man I
don't know why this dog bread is here
this dog bite is not normally here I
think it's because it's been so cold
Mike is a pushover and he's put it by
the Argo so the dogs can sit there and
be warm the kitchen is such a mess this
morning that is my first task after
eating breakfast and opening my advent
calendar table over dynamin with advent
calendars guys because this feels so
totally over the top I have three this
year this was not intentional okay my
advent calendar was originally supposed
to be the Liberty one which they really
kind of gave me after I did my video you
guys may have seen where I don't kind of
videos and now I got to set them all to
brown one and then yesterday the dual
one turned up as well so normally what I
do is I've given quite a few of them
because a lot of people actually let me
keep them off the video so I gave a lot
of them to my family and my friends the
Martin Brown won't live the Liberty
offers online I wanted to keep because I
had the most products and I hadn't tried
the Martin Brown one is personalized so
I couldn't really be like hey mom here's
advent calendar that says my name on it
and then last night the dual one turned
up so guys
have three advent calendars this is so
totally extra as the kids say these days
so totally not not cool enough to say
that but anyway mike has the Dairy Milk
one this is the one he wanted guys don't
feel bad for Mike because he has the
chief advocate Islander this is what
might want it so anything he ever wants
at Christmas is a Dairy Milk one maybe
sometimes a Star Wars one but the
chocolates better in the dairy milk I
did actually try and find him that
peanut M&M one but they were sold out so
it's sad times shall we open them shall
we see what's inside what do we have in
here a fader volumizing tonic for the
hair very very nice that's exciting
look at this deal one is possibly the
most beautiful thing I've ever seen in
my life
ah what do we have in here ah look at
this oh my god that's so adorable is a
mini misty or it's the smallest bottle
of misty or of ever seen how cute is
that
if my camera will focus on it I mean
it's not loving it at the moment how
sweet I love misty or as well and then
last but not least molten Brown number
one this is problem with these advent
calendars when you take these out they
kind of drop down so you have to put the
box back in after that's in here this is
such a treat every morning it's a shower
gel sparkly shower gel bauble I mean
that's pretty fabulous haven't had a
shower yet either I can use it in the
shower this morning where hey I actually
really like with the Liberty one as well
how they put a description so this one
says reasons to love me I help build
body for finer medium hair I add shine
for luscious looking hair and I'm filled
with essential oils to uplift your
senses quite cool I think oh my god guys
my mom came around yesterday eating
these and she was like take them away
from me I can't stop eating them they're
so good
I just tried one holy crap these are so
good mom why'd you leave this kind of
stuff at my house
they're from Tesco they could crispy
seedy nutty bites I mean great name
crunchy biscuits with seeds currants and
nuts they're basically like could you
guys ever had sesame snaps when you're a
kid like sesame seeds and sugar
basically together it's like that but
with
nuts and seeds and raisins they're so
good
don't buy them the end of your life so
I've just spent the past two hours
picking out the giveaway winners for my
Christmas gift guide giveaways on my
Instagram it takes ages because
basically have to like scroll through
and make sure it's fair and all of that
like it just takes absolutely just
because there's so many entries I didn't
actually tally up all of the entries
this year but I know on some individual
days we had like 18,000 I think was
record so it took me ages and I've then
been emailing everybody and telling them
that they've won which is the best thing
ever because basically it you just I
don't know I just love giving people
gifts and a lot of people they're like
oh my god I'm so excited so I've been
emailing lots of you today telling you
one stuff I've got dressed I've had a
shower I haven't put any makeup on the
kitchen is still a terrible mess but my
bedroom on your hand is now bit tired
I've started tidying the bedroom I think
the nesting periods like started big
time me and Mike is doing a bit of DIY
hit you up I'd show you so if you guys
have followed my Instagram stories in
the past few months you might see we're
redoing two bathrooms at the moment
how's it going in here sir this is one
of them it's looking a bit of a mess in
here isn't it this one is not quite so
finished we've got the tiles on the
floor without a breath now such ran
upstairs and the plumber has put the
toilet and the sink back they're the
same ones we had before with our new
bath because we have a shower we didn't
have a shower in here before the title
er is ill and is not finished this wall
which is a bit of a problem because the
decorator is currently in the other
bathroom doing the other bathrooms so
basically it's kind of a race against
time to get everything finished before
the baby arrives but in here show you
the paint swatches we're going this
color which I don't know if it would
show up true to colours like a really
really dark got stuff all over it as
long it's a really really dark bluey
green colours Haig blue from Horrible
this one is stiff key blue I don't like
this one
it's too like denim II here's my
bump my bump doesn't get in the way we
have like these tiles on the floor are
actually fake wood I mean they look
terrible at now because they're so dirty
because there's stuff all over them they
look amazing when they cleaned up I'll
do like a bathroom tool video and then
these ones which are not finished yet
are white marble so nice and Mike is
putting on the bar screen the no not the
screen that's this the side of the bar
like they cover the panel they'll cover
that up so what's your mistake well you
see my mistake was that cuts out the
skirting board out of the path
thankfully not the whole panel just the
patch and obviously I forgot when I put
the because there's a little extra there
a little bit where the tiles are up so
it was just about otherwise I mean it
worked right but every time I go see I
why he does it wrong the first time
you're very good but you always get
wrong the first time
oh my god I have to f you go your phone
I have to show them like Instagram
stories you know I showed you what was
in my advent calendar this morning watch
this load it up if you've got these
silly ones no cuz I can blog within a
vlog what's behind door what is it
I your replacement in the sale they're
happy what are you doing in here little
one monster no peeing on the carpets man
come on
should we go downstairs just a bunch she
doesn't have lunch but Mike this do you
want much Mike what you in half what
you're going to subway
you are not going to subway for lunch
I'll make you some lunch
what subway whilst I'm here I thought
I'd show you my outfit in this room full
of boxes and building supplies today I
am wearing this which is I mean ignore
the slippers guys I have got on a top
from Jojo maman bobet which is kind of I
feel like this is very very dark you
guys gonna be able to see that like this
yeah which is like black and white
stripes and then I'm wearing my
AllSaints cardigan which is kind of
drapey kind of covers up the bump but
the bump is now so big that it's sinking
I mean the bump situation is pretty
large right now guys but yeah we're
dealing with it when we're Topshop jeans
on and then my slippers because I have
not left the house yet today so these
just arrived in the post guys from bliss
not a brand I use that often then I
personalised softening socks okay my
feet are so disgusting right now these
are very strange I've never seen
anything like them before inside there's
like you try and show you this it might
be hard let's have a look there's like
this gel how weird is this but you
really like peel it apart and then you
put your feet in there yes this is what
I need right now I'm not gonna lie guys
these feel a very odd they feel a bit
damp and squishy apparently you can use
them up to 50 times though
but washing them is not that easy
someone I put my slippers on over the
top of them so they don't get what dirty
walking around the house they feel so
weird like squelchy what is in the
bottom of my slipper piglet it's not you
you're a monkey leaving things in my
slippers again is the strong look guys a
real strong look hopefully I'm gonna
have really nice feet after this though
Pig just continuing the really sexy
looks today I've got a sheet mask on
Mike's actually gone for a run I don't
know what piglets barking about actually
I do know what piglets parking about
she's at the bottom of the stairs and
the cat is on the stairs and she's
unhappy about it
pig come on just come up the stairs
silly dog I really don't understand why
this is such an issue because she
actually loves the car come on pussycat
come on come on downstairs good girl
okay Pig we come up now don't terrorize
the cat
leave them alone come on you're so weird
come on I've got a sheet mask on I've
got a bath running which also on a side
note look at the baby stuff in our
poetry it's really weird I'll show you
in a minute I've got a bath running
which I have been having a butter pretty
much every night for the past few days
because it's the first time ever been
out to have a bar since I've been
pregnant because we've had not enough
hot water because we've been reading our
bathrooms so I'm loving it the other
thing I was gonna show you Bailey why's
this is scary look at the crib that is
currently set up by our bed this is
actually not staying here until the
baby's born we basically just setting up
the monitor and like working out how
everything works because we need to make
a few adjustments there's a crib there
for the time being
do you want to sleep in there too my pig
maybe not good morning happy Saturday I
look like a ghoul this lighting is like
so grey this morning it's quarter to
nine I'm dressed I thought that makeup
on a lot of makeup but you know I made
an effort this morning dragged myself
out of bed our friend Bailey actually
stayed over last night she came over
quite late and we cook some dinner
didn't vlog it was just chatting and now
it's the 2nd of December I get my advent
calendars all over again I feel like I
shouldn't probably do this three times
in one vlog every vlog but maybe I'll
just show you what I get check out
today's goodies guys a mini shadow or do
I actually really love this fragrance
I'm gonna wear this today mini shower
gel tobacco absolute this is actually
more of a men's one so I might give that
to Mike for traveling would you use this
mini shower gel he's like no don't want
him good job with the washing-up he
wouldn't use it basically as what he's
gonna say and then Dermalogica daily
super foley and i have not used this yet
I've heard really good things it's like
the powder resurfacer this is a big pop
so really you use very much excited to
try that
guys this is my favourite favourite part
of the day in December let there be
light
the tree I haven't shown the tree in the
vlog actually I
sure on my Instagram stories but look at
it it's amazing it's actually been up
for a week already because I had it for
my baby shower because I wanted it all
look really festive but I really loved
it this year Norma's I actually got bit
overexcited out the Christmas tree farm
and we weren't like three feet too high
and we had to chop quite a lot of it off
but it's a good shape very happy with it
and there's a few new decorations shout
out to this one which was actually film
a subscriber one of you guys sent this
over
presumably made it says baby divorced
too early I don't know I wanted to put
it on there what else have we got
Mike got one from John Varvatos
fragrances the other day they said my
economy was very chuffed with that we've
got the fish they were new last year I
think that's probably about it
same decorations my favorite ones are
usually these ones Henry Bendel ones the
snow globes I love them so much and they
said to Mike maybe next year we might
get to go to New York again and we can't
get another one who knows so what better
to do on a Saturday morning and start
writing thank-you cards I've actually
been meaning to do this all week I'm
writing some thank-you cards for my baby
shower gifts and I wanted to show you
the cards because I just love them
they're both from Paper Chase these want
to say thank you for coming to my party
you made it magical and there's a
unicorn and a fox and rabbits actually
look cute and then these are like the
more sensible grown-up ones for people
like my granny who wouldn't really like
this actually slightly disappointing to
guys I just open used to realize they're
like little note cards they're not
actually cards sad time there's no bag
what as look at this beautiful delivery
that arrived today feeling utterly
spoiled know it Mike's not got a sexy
delivery look at this Mike show Malone
set with like literally my favorite
things would say juicy salt Cologne
there's English Pro freezer candle
pomegranate and wild bath oil line bars
my Mandarin shower gel nectarine blossom
and honey actually haven't tried this
one body cream and the geranium and
warmer scrub so lucky christmas has come
early this one water flosser oh yeah
Mike's been clay pigeon shooting all day
today have a good day sir
just got back I have actually been
chilling out with my friend Bailey all
day and doing some Wedman because she's
getting married words mean and a little
bit of baby chat and like showing her my
nursery and all that kind of jazz and
we're now gonna light a fire and I might
do some present wrapping which seems
really early but I'm getting everything
done early before this thing decides to
make an appearance on my belly Mike
would you mind doing a little outfit
this is today it's very similar to
yesterday but slightly different striped
top pretty much every pregnancy top is
striped I mean I don't know why this is
from on video phrase which is a French
pregnancy brand and this is also from
the same place the cardigan it's just
like a waterfall cardigan which when
you're a little bit pregnant you kind of
can't tell you're pregnant from the side
but now the belly has got so round it
makes an appearance out of the side and
then I've got my Topshop jeans on that's
why I'm wearing today I don't have any
shoes on because we just got back I was
wearing my clothes but I took them off
hey you're not doing another thing what
was wrong with us pause that looks
ridiculous what does this do clean your
teeth no it's a flosser so remove plaque
what mobility it's like a little mini
power washer for your mouth exactly like
I have with the dentist yeah try that
with my pockets uses nice real nice what
I want to know where this is why do you
need so many tips I think the different
pressures different pressures for your
different teeth is that like a
toothbrush I mean it looks a very
medical I'm not sure you needed this
much water testing it out isn't even
come out like super
what fast Popish you can let it build up
pressure here we go oh oh not like spray
you in the face I mean I'm not gonna lie
Mike this doesn't seem like the most
practical or meet procedure and you have
to spit the water out I'm not sure about
this little gadget hmm you doing there
piglet you've got a little a little
something little something on your nose
are you saving that for later what are
you like dog what is that is that cat
fluff you little weirdo give me that
that is so gross
it's literally a cat fur ball why have
you got that stuck to you know you want
it back that was on your nose did you
not know that so straight so guys this
is me being very very organized before
Christmas I've started my rapping
basically because it's really
uncomfortable for me to rap right now
because of this in the way like leaning
over and stuff so I wrapped like I've
been rapping like two or three presents
a night I think I added everybody up
that I buy for and buy for about 50
people so I've been doing that and I
think I'll finish in like a week or so
and I'll be happy with that because the
bigger I get the less comfortable it
gets but I wanted to show you my
wrapping because I love this so much
this year this is probably my favorite
the Navy one I do but the wrapping paper
is from HomeSense I bought it in like a
big pack and it comes with not a big
packet comes in like a pack of two with
the copper and the Navy and I bought
maybe seven rolls because like I said
I've got a lot of presents to buy for
like we've got big families and I always
like by parents I just love giving
presents I buy presents for everyone at
Christmas and then the ribbon is from
Amazon these gift tags from John Lewis
and then all the other ribbon as well so
like on the copper ones I've got like
Navy ribbon mixed was like copper what's
it called
RAF RAF furred rough toughest rapid I
can't remember what it's called baby
brain yeah I really really love my
wrapping this year and if you're
wondering what this wrapping is so this
wrapping is for people who have
birthdays or this one
actually for the christening tomorrow
that we're going to who have birthdays
before Christmas so I've wrapped it in
this piglet wrapping paper look how
amazing this is
oh I can't actually fit through this gap
I just tried to get through the side the
piano not happening not happening look
how amazing this is
it's a piglet piglet in glasses piglet
and more glasses piglet goes to Paris
piglet is also parisian again pickle it
wears a hat it's kind of great but yeah
basically anyone who's got a birthday in
December or January I'm wrapping now I'm
buying the presents early so that
because when we've got any one baby I
won't want to do it so birthdays
Christmas gonna do some rapping Mike's
lying the fire yes Mike yes this is
basically it was good it made my gums
bleed I just tried Mike's water flosser
but you have really sensitive gums on
you're pregnant I know that but I think
they're really happy with it well I'm
glad it's not wasting money like most
thing you buy oh my god guys is it too
early for home alone this is the best
one as well the one in New York this is
the end do we restart there it's like an
hour end oh my god I think it's too
early
wrapping mission accomplished currently
watching sinner which everyone's think
I'm crazy for and I've got this little
princess on her throne behind me you're
right there madam oh yes yes your monkey
Oh piggy the car fine number three oh
there it is right in front of my nose
Wow that's pretty major full-size
perfume nice haha appropriate name it's
a mini one
oh nice color you see the color that's
my way that today good morning happy
Sunday today Mike and I and Libby hello
are on our way up to Cheshire for a
christening and we've made a cheeky
stopped in Starbucks right Lu Lu ten now
add a little bit it's not actually that
fast which I mean lips has got her drink
we are still waiting but I wanted to
show you my outfit earlier we're not
leaving in a bit of a hurry because as
per usual I was late getting ready but
this is my dress I'm very very excited
about this dress
it's from Lily and Lionel and it's
covered in stars and it actually fits
over my big fat bump even though it's
not fun come on eggnog latte it's
telling this we're gonna get that cool
for now yeah if we yeah that's not the
actual track showed us the village
can there be laid to the garden is it
just me or a Starbucks changed our
Christmas cups more than once for
Christmas Oh
it's very Taylor Swift circa 2012 is it
World AIDS Day or something like I know
it was what I say this week but is it
something suicide AIDS Day it's actually
really hot shouldn't give me a holder I
don't normally order the eggnog latte
because it's really it's not very good
for you but that was the original one
not this one they've changed she's
burning my fingers so we're currently
having a debate
I'm gonna call their debate about the
best Christmas only so debate there's no
debating around the best Christmas songs
so
maybe just said what's your favorite
song I've got my spider - first one is
John Lennon the second one is Ariana
Grande's it's a new entry of a couple
years ago it's like it's beginning to
look like Korea you've gotta get one I
mean every Christmas should have you see
Mariah Carey before ariana grande kind
of like took over and coffee break arrey
that was my favorite it gets over play
but it does I would agree with that
by disagrees this Christmas I also just
painted my nails in the car a feat of
skill in nail painting considering
Mike's driving oh yeah I may be budged a
little bit but I like this color this is
from the new se where to collection I
like it
it's called new year new
you hear nice
good you know I actually well hello
there
alright squid should we doing are you
doing you're being very strange is what
you're doing I'm not entirely sure
what's up to you okay there anyway we
are home now we had a really nice time
at the christening actually there was
lots of people we knew there and just
nice to catch up with everybody and I
didn't block my outfit because I've
filmed it for a like lookbook video that
I wanted to do which was meant to be
like what I wear in a week but to be
honest I haven't felt like confident
enough to do like or like I've dressed
well enough to do all my outfits for one
week so I ended up like putting it off
and putting it off and putting it off so
it's gonna be like my third trimester
lookbook anyway it'll be on next week
probably held this week later this week
I'm now home with this little funny bun
she's in a very funny mood I've got my
PJs on getting cozy in the sitting-room
we're gonna watch allied which I've
actually seen before
Mike hasn't seen it it's really good
Scott Brad Pitt in it and and yeah I put
up a picture of my outfit today which I
would shave my phones just run out of
battery and I wanted to talk to you guys
about it cuz like I have I think there's
like a hundred and thirty comments all
of them were so nice like so lovely and
it's the best thing ever like since I've
been pregnant
honestly the comments that you guys have
been leaving all my pictures have been
amazing and I really appreciate it and I
don't want it to sound like I'm whinging
but one person might Riley hmm I was not
right there because people can still
comment but like someone's put Wow twins
question mark you know when you're a bit
like for a star it's a front on photo of
my bum so like you can tell my butt
looks big and I'm like heavily pregnant
but you're a bit like a that's really
mean and sometimes I think people forget
like this there's a real person behind
Instagram but secondly like I don't
think they've ever seen a full-term
pregnant person because yes my bump is
big but it's not like
abnormally large like I'm having twins
and especially in that photo you can't
really see it it's like a floaty dress
and I think sometimes people just
comment like to get a rise out of people
and it just kind of annoyed me what have
you got there Mike someone sat down on
the sofa with some kind of dessert and
he's watching the golf he's double
screaming what is that you've got there
yes squid you tell him hey that's not
fair we want some too I actually don't
like both otters I don't think we're
very popular with these little ones
today because we've left them for quite
a lot of the day hey if you had a
rubbish Sunday I'm sorry piggy I'm gonna
get my cuddle on with this little one
now and I'm not gonna lie probably fall
asleep in front of the sofa because in
front of the sofa on the sofa in front
of the TV because I've seen this film
before and I'm quite tired that's gonna
be it for my vlogmas part one I'm not
sure how many parts there are gonna be
to log rest I think there will probably
be about ten or maybe like eight to ten
I hope you've enjoyed it
we've got some exciting things coming up
this week and we're gonna be taking you
guys along next week it's actually
really exciting as well because we're
going to the Star Wars premiere which I
am very very excited
Mike's even more excited about it but
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow or in a
few days for the next installment of my
weird little vlogmas that is not like
everyone else's but I kind of like that
bye guys
