good morning Treecko one day there it's
Christmas Eve okay morning guys and
welcome to Christmas it's the 24th of
December get ready for the jingle
so today we are leaving Mike's family
and heading down to my family and yes it
is a miserable rainy day we've got about
three hours on the road if there's no
traffic so there may be traffic but we
are feeling festive baby yeah let's get
those festive tunes on it's a bleak
outlook guys a bleak outlook look at the
rain on the window sad times is not a
white Christmas
my festive show for today prepare to
turn right mbf look guys I've got all of
my Christmas presents from Mike family
right here it's very tempting very
tempting to open them who's being
militant not allowed to open any before
tomorrow but I could just have a look in
this one look featherless see Mike is
currently playing his favorite game and
my least favorite game petrol station
relent yeah about right now viewership C
on Christmas Eve remember this car is
basically you get to it says you've got
30 miles up to the tank and you thinking
can you down so it gives you an estimate
I know you got my idea it should give
you an estimate of like 30 miles left
yeah basically as much just goes with
you like it's empty and would handle
empty toys to get some services and look
how load
quick let me get em else right
if we run out fuel a breakdown oh oh
likes currently filling up the car with
fuel so I am taking this opportunity to
have a little look at this bag while
he's not on Mayim compost it nothing I
was looking for wallet there you go no
not an idea how we do it in the back
everybody how we do in we did Lin okay
hey peak you don't like the car very
much do you hmm no just got to mums this
is an interesting looking car at mum
come for a big family lunch thank you to
over there I'm saying with Lulu and her
meatballs got some risotto got the
Prosecco it's Christmas party time now
it's Christmas tomorrow but it's time to
party party party party I was doing that
boys the time for Lulu party party party
party party yeah candy cane central what
do you know what
what is it time promised time there's no
need to be afraid a pupil oh you're such
a weirdo
yes we got that Moses you being weird
it's very creepy
haha far away to the family festive
get-together Lulu's got her sticker book
I'm sitting in the middle because I
always get short straw
lutely Christ in yours you are they are
these stickers this no fibers no never
you oh wow coloring in but there's no
room for spies it's good skill coloring
in all right you have to run spite you
have to walk their City was going on the
roof it's not
a snowman who's this ah we can't see him
who's that Annelle Elfie Oh what about
this young chap is he coming to tomorrow
tonight what he's gonna leave me
presents have you been good enough
though Lulu I think you've been a bit
naughty ma'am are you telling porky pies
have you been a little bit naughty Lulu
maybe just this much naughty I think a
lot that much naughty this is what
happens when you sit next to Lou Lou and
her sticker book in the car it's a good
look definitely Lou you don't have any I
think you should have some we just got
back to my mum's after my family passing
we didn't go to church this year guys
because nobody else would come with me
because the vicar or our local church is
so miserable and she kind of makes it
really not that fun so nobody else
wanted to go so we didn't go but I want
to show you my favorite thing about my
mum's
Christmas decoration this year because
it's so awesome
this is above mums fireplace how cool is
it there's a big gold sparkly reindeer
and all these flashing Garland's it's so
cool I love it
very very festive so I've just told Lulu
I've suggested that we start or continue
a tradition that I had when I was little
where we open one present now Anna and
Lulu's had okay for mummy so now we just
have to ask Mike if it's okay for me to
over one press an hour
one Kevin no yeah you never we caught no
time no we cannot see a friend she know
how profligate save me shatters night we
don't know so much behind you
Santa's watching the sentence does
father Christmas
I think we're gonna open one yeah you
might the Corinne agree this Ninjago
Lego that cool spike super cool what's
there
oh my goodness look if you open I think
it's got a strap that's cool wow wow
it's even cooler yeah this is a good
Christmas Eve spread bit of cheese might
actually take this melted cheese on my
little biscuit oh yeah on the secret
mission now Mike when is that
hmm that's a good at pickle that was
that for six years of ringing about yeah
yeah I ringing this Bell thing love
ringing about love what okay he's coming
to I definitely heard him listen guys we
just heard from a big mess we did for
the for real Luling was so excited we're
now on our way over to Lucy's house as
we do every Christmas Eve we go to lyses
and we open our presents together me
Lissy bales and Jess how come I have not
at office happy well because
it's just a girl thing we've done it
since before huh I know I think
sometimes less he gets you a present she
doesn't normally get your present poor
Mike
you need to have guy makes the buy
presents guy makes don't buy presents
you see that's the problem because they
use those boys boys are just useless in
general I so basically that's what's
happening now I also tell you you have
one mission right now
Susie she's accepted let's have some
system to get some za
so we're just on our way back from lyses
it's now half us 1:00 in the morning is
it what oh what a beauty so I guess half
past one what happened to me telling you
let's have an early night tonight yeah
well you didn't leave like we both
stayed out you didn't suggest leaving
any earlier and Mike's also just played
chauffeur to everyone else cause he's
the only one not drinking so we've just
dropped off all of my friends the whole
area so we've been having a rave in the
corner which is then great we exchange
gifts we've had the best night ever
and it's now Christmas I just I'm really
happy right now and let us know let it
snow let it snow that's that is you
think we're missing I just point out is
this is this the end of Locris
times this is the end of blog where see
feeling nostalgic I mean can I just
point out as well but we did research
and remember that I was right yeah oh
here we go I knew this would come in
when you this was coming you were right
you didn't go to church I did with my
grandma but did you go to Jeff's night
no I've already said this my mother is
also below me I was going through this
boo boo hiss boom see you soon
three-year marriage party you all Merry
Christmas and a happy to New Year to you
I happy happy happy 2017 to you yes dude
be good and enjoy yourself
but they say no this one
