hey guys long time no see a really long
time to see and first of all I want to
apologize for not vlogging as much as I
would have liked to over the last month
if you guys aren't familiar with my
vlogging schedule and you were watching
my previous month of vlogging i actually
just fill you all in i'm going to be
vlogging every other month throughout
the whole year so i wasn't logging this
month but i had intended to do a video a
week and i ended up only doing two
videos in the whole month I'm just like
that I'm sorry guys I just totally
failed I've been super super busy and I
don't even really know where the time
has been you might be able to tell from
my voice now that I've had a cold but
there's only so many excuses you can
give I kind of let life get in the way
and constantly just never really made
time to vlog but the good news is I'm
going to be vlogging every day in June
which starts on Friday so I've got a
couple of things to tell you about in
this video the first one is the fact
that I don't know what to call this June
vlog as I'm kind of calling in my mind
at the moment I think June bugs kind of
boring I thought about like valid like
logging or veldt flock every day
redditch instead of Vader or val age
flogged a lot you know the kind of log
every day over log a lot in whatever but
either way I just think it sounds kind
of weird so if you guys can think of a
good name for vlogging every day in June
then let me know in the comments section
below the second thing I was going to
tell you is that over the last three
weeks I've actually been getting really
into fitness which is really not like me
at all if you guys watched my April vlog
kind of regularly might have seen that I
kind of decided to take a few steps
towards leading a bit of a healthier
lifestyle but as far as exercise was
going I hadn't really adjusted much I've
been trying to walk the dog more and
just be a bit a little bit more active
and kind of just move a bit more but
since then I have decided to actually
start going to gym and properly working
out for summer to get kind of in a
little bit of a better shape as well as
eating healthily so I'm trying to
combine the two now
and it's going really really well I've
actually got personal trainer who I see
once a week and I found that even though
it's expensive to get a personal trainer
it really actually helps motivate me to
work out for the whole of the week and
to be honest for me that is a kind of
priceless thing to have because I am so
bad at most fitting myself to go to the
gym I've never stuck to a kind of
exercise routine beyond like two weeks
before and I'm in the fourth week now so
all that end yeah I'm in the fourth week
now so it's very exciting and I'm really
enjoying it so I definitely be keeping
you updated with how I'm doing with that
if you guys want to see kind of fitness
videos then let me know about that in
the comments below as well would you be
interested to see like what I do for my
workout routine my workout clothes like
what i recommend to eat things like that
and apart from that i'm trying to think
if there's anything else that I've got
to tell you Mike and I are going to be
going to LA in June as well so you'll
get to come with us I am so so excited
we actually leave I think it's in three
weeks time so we're going to be there
for I'm going to be there for two weeks
mike is going to be there for 10 days
I'm going to be going to VidCon I'm
going to be going to LA I mats which is
just insane I can't believe that I'm
heading out there again I just
absolutely love it and I just feel so
lucky to have been able to have gone
twice in the first like six months of
the year it's just incredible so I'm
super super excited about that if you're
wondering why I wear sunglasses I'm
actually outside look at the sky it's so
sunny the weather has been incredible
for the last week in England and it's
apparently meant to change tomorrow so
I'm enjoying the last few rays of
sunshine before it gets I think he's
getting cold I just think it's getting a
little less honey but apart from that
that is pretty much it I think I hope
you guys are all looking forward to
June's log I'm excited to kind of get
into vlogging everyday again I find it
weird like when I'm in a routine I'm
used to vlogging everyday i find it
really really easy but like i said
having a month without vlogging i find
it hard to like have something to vlog
about it sounds really odd but just kind
of works like that I don't know anyway I
pull
wearing sunglasses I've got the most
watery eye in the whole world for really
itchy face as well but my eye is just
like streaming and streaming so it's
really sensitive to light I don't know
what I did with it last night it's just
started watering and it hasn't stopped
since it doesn't hurt or anything it's
just watering it's like I'm crying out
one I for like 24 hours oh well so I
hope you guys are all having an amazing
day and I will see you on Friday bye
