hey guys and welcome to part 2 of my
task FLIR video about exams if you
haven't watched part 1 already i'll link
it here so you guys can go and check it
out this part of the video is going to
be more about the actual exam itself and
kind of the process of taking exams
rather than the revision side of things
so i'm going to jump right into it i've
got five questions the first one is from
Emmy or cyber Sparrow on Twitter and she
says do you find cramming right before
an exam helped or impeded your
performance on the exam personally I'm a
really quite organized person when it
comes to exams so I've never liked
crammed for an exam and not done any
like long-standing revision before um if
you guys are watching from outside the
UK there is a bit of a difference in the
school system pretty much the whole of
our grades that go on to our CV for like
the rest of our lives are from exams
like there's a certain portion course
work but we don't get graded in terms of
our performance in class throughout the
year what like we don't have a grade
point average like you do in the States
or I'm not sure how everyone in the
world school system works but in the UK
is very very exam based so I feel like
if you were in the States you might be
able to get away with climbing a little
bit more because the exams aren't quite
as important they don't like have as
much weight as they do in England but
for me i know that i would rather kind
of if i'm gonna slack it wouldn't be
during revision time like it would be
during term time and then i have like a
month or three weeks before the exam
where I really really study hard so yeah
I don't really crammed having said that
I do revised right up to the last minute
so the night before the exam I usually I
used to have like flash cards and I
would go through all the flash cars like
the main points and just kind of make
sure I knew them and the thing is when
you're cramming like the light before I
feel like not much of it goes in because
you're kind of in a bit of a panic state
so like I these learners I need to learn
this and the more you kind of try and
force your brain to remember something I
feel like it doesn't work as well it's
more about kind of building knowledge
but like as a whole that you kind of
hold on to and you know even if you
don't recall
instantly it's kind of at the back of
your mind so if you're writing say an
extended answer to a question or an
essay you might write a point and then
another point will come to you being
only I remember he said that because
you've actually done like a work over a
long period of time rather than trying
to remember points at the last minute so
cramming has a place definitely for like
less important tests I definitely
crammed and didn't revised like a week
before but it's not the way to go guys
it's not the way to go okay number two
Nancy don't concern from facebook asks
can you talk about how to overcome test
anxiety and fatigue during the exam I
have a four hour standardized exam for
grad school that I'm taking in june for
the fourth time and i know the material
but it's hard to focus for hours at high
intensity when they videotape you in the
exam to prevent cheating i'm actually
that was a long questions oregon I've
actually never had them videotape an
exam I don't think but I have had very
very long exams i don't think i've had a
four-hour One I think my longest at
university was three and a half hours
and it is really really hard to stay
focused cuz it's such a long exam like
three and a half hours or four hours is
a long time to be concentrating on the
same thing and not have like a break and
go outside and get some fresh air or
whatever the best thing I finds make
sure you have water with you I know
that's like a really obvious thing for
long exams taking a bottle of water if
you think we need a bit more energy
maybe take in a juice or something if
you can I know different exams have
different guidelines of what you can
have in clear bottles but pretty much
they'll let you take in juice if you
take the label off and all of us so I
find that really helps if you need kind
of a boost of energy definitely take
snacks so I used to take in like boiled
sweets because you can kind of suck on
them they last for like maybe five
minutes or so rather than if you take
like a whole bag of chewy sweets and you
just eat them all then you're going to
be on a massive sugar high and it's
probably not great but I found boiled
sweets are quite good because you can
kind of like they take a while to eat
them you're not going to eat like five
in a minute and then get a sugar high
and then again a sugar low so I find
things like boiled sweets take nuts if
you like nuts and things like that
they're always good for kind of keeping
up energy over a period of time
and in terms of anxiety the same thing I
said in part 1 of this video I think try
and just calm yourself down take a step
back if you have a real panic over a
question just take a step back I find a
lot of time with the long exams if
you're writing essays um I think it's
good sometimes if you I don't from my
personal experience anyway if I'm
writing an essay and sometimes I think
oh this isn't quite going in the
direction that I wanted it to take a
step back go and look back at your plan
for your essay which you should have
made if you don't plan for essays in
exams i would highly recommend that go
back to your plan and like take a look
at it again and see where you're wanting
to go so you can kind of readjust the
direction if you start to panic about it
a thing that you're talking about the
wrong thing you can always kind of steer
things back to the way that you wanted
them to be yeah and that's pretty much
it for my tips for long exams I think
you need to kind of like take a minute
if you start panicking just shut your
eyes and take a breath and then go back
to it that's like my main tip for
anything about anxiety is just try and
relax and then go back to it rather than
like panic panic panic and like trying
to add more things in I think it's just
take a deep breath shut your eyes and
try and relax and drink a bit of water
number three Joanna Harding from twitter
asks how not to get distracted and when
I was in exams this is my number one tip
if you get easily distracted take
earplugs number one thing every single
exam as soon as they said you may start
to like open the paper start writing
whatever they say beginning the exams I
used to put my ear plugs in and go and
then you even though you can't really
hear like it is a bit strange because in
a way you kind of aware people around
you but you can't hear them but for me
it is the number one best thing to stop
being distracted and exams because I am
so distracted by people like tapping
their feet or like breathing heavily or
like shuffling I just I can't stand it
and it really puts me off number four um
Kell Santos mihari asks um if you what
do you do if you forget an answer do you
leave it blank or do you just guess this
is like such an easy question for
because there's no way in any scenario
that I would leave a question life
because at the end of the day like
you're never going to get marks for a
blank on so like you can't physically
get any marks if you don't write
anything but if you write just like
everything you know about that general
topic if you don't have a clue like what
they're asking for and you're just right
kind of what you know the chances are
you're going to get like one or two
marks for it because if you know things
that are like links within the answer
then it's got to be there somewhere so
for example I remember in my physics a
level exam there was one question that I
just did not have any idea how to come
to the answer so I just wrote down like
every equation that I knew that was to
do with that topic and kind of like
tried to come to a conclusion and like
it was basically wrong but I'm pretty
sure I got one mark for that because I
had the right kind of idea there but you
know that it's always worth putting
something even if you have no idea just
make something up because you might go
to mark it's better than just leaving it
blank and you'll probably have the time
to write anyway because they'll allocate
the time for the exam so you may as well
don't miss out on marks that you might
be able to cheat your way into like by
writing something random okay number
five ali malaysia asks how are exams at
uni different than before and I touched
on this briefly in part 1 of this video
as well from my personal experience at
least I found that University exams are
very much more based on knowledge and
like a deeper level of knowledge so a
lot of it is what you've read what
you've read outside of the reading list
kind of how you can link your thinking
back to other people this was something
that took me a while to learn when I was
at uni as that you never thought of
anything for us like at school you can
seem to just write I think this because
this and in your exams and you can kind
of come to own conclusions you don't
have to reference anybody where is that
you need the main difference is the fact
that every like academic point that you
make you have to reference like where
that came from or like wave that not
from and that's the main thing that it
took me a while to get used to that uni
the reading and then referencing the
points that you've learned in the
readings I like it it's
different style of learning but it's
definitely like once you've cracked how
to do it it becomes quite easy because
it you almost think point reference
point reference rather than just writing
kind of free hand like he was when
you're doing your a levels and GCSEs so
there's a different different but
there's definitely a difference there
I'm in terms of the learning like it's
it's a lot more independent so it's a
lot more independent reading I think
once you leave school and start uni you
realize how much your spoon fed at
school to know like the exact like
curriculum that you're meant to know and
you don't really learn much outside that
at all where is it you you're kind of
actively encouraged to just go on your
own and kind of learn different things
that you're interested in surrounding
the subject and you'll get a lot more
marks for that exams at uni apart from
that they're pretty similar um in terms
of the whole exam format there's nothing
different for me at least my uni exams
were a much smaller environment so there
were rooms with say 50 people then
whereas my school exams had like 150
people in them so they're a little bit
less intimidating like that like the
size of the room is much smaller so
they're not as kind of scary but in
terms of the format they're pretty
similar like there may be a bit longer
depending on what course you do but
that's pretty much the difference there
yeah so I hope that helps some of you
guys who are doing exams at the moment
i'll have exams coming up i really wish
you all the best of luck if you have
exams coming up cuz i know it is a
really nerve-wracking time and i'm so
glad that i'm not in that environment
anymore i don't have to do exams because
it's such a kind of stress but always
keep in mind the feeling of when you
finish your last exam and you have the
whole summer ahead of you that is also
the best feeling in the whole world like
nothing compares to that feeling of like
it's summer yeah and I wish I could go
back to having that like the end of hard
work in the beginning of summer so I
don't know what that random tangent was
at the end but I hope you guys are all
having a great day and I'll see you in
the next video bye
