hey guys long time no see I've missed
you guys I'm so happy to be back on
YouTube I kind of had like a week and a
little bit of flogging and I feel
refreshed and ready to start again so
today I'm gonna be doing another ask for
our video if you didn't see my first one
I will link it here I basically have
started this new series where instead of
doing ask me anything videos where I
just answer questions about anything I'm
doing them about specific topics and I
tweet about them either the day that I
filmed them or the day before and asked
you guys to tweet me your questions so
this week the topic was exams because I
know a lot of you guys are doing exams
at the moment or preparing for exams
revising hard or not revising hard if
you're watching this video but you know
this one's exam related so it's fine
whereas if you you know if you're
watching Beauty videos maybe it's not
revising but anyway I got so many
questions about exam so I decided to
split this video into two parts so the
first part is gonna be five questions
all about pairing for exams revision and
all that kind of stuff and then the
second part is gonna be five questions
about actual taking the exam itself so
I'm gonna get right into it cuz I'm
talking nonsense number one comes from
Kate or Kate one to four and on Twitter
and she says how much do you study for
your Ayla or how much did you study for
your a levels so I can get an idea of
how much I should be doing how many
hours a day I can't remember my exact
revision timetable for a levels I know
that I had about three weeks pure
revision before the exam so I had three
weeks of doing like all day revising
five days a week asked for how many
hours I would do a day I would aim for
eight I would aim to like do nine to
five and then maybe have a lunch break
so maybe do seven sometimes I didn't
manage to do that many sometimes I did
five hours a day sometimes I did nine
hours a day but generally it was like
between five and eight hours a day for
the last three weeks of my a level
revision I don't know if that's a lot or
if I don't really know
I'm compared to other people I know my
friends did a quite a similar amount
okay number two Ginevra from Twitter
asks I'm terrible at organizing my
what are your tips for staying organized
at exam time actually did a video I
shouldn't mention this now as well I
actually did an I like revision tips
video a couple of years back it was
really early on and YouTube I'll link it
here if you guys want to go and see it
so it's probably a bit awkward it was I
think it was right when I first started
YouTube but I did my kind of exam
revision tips because I was doing my
exams then now I'm all see I finished
University so I don't have any more
exams to do yay
so I'm not doing at the one I'm not
doing them at the moment but I had a
very very world the light has just got
so bright outside the Sun was like
blinding me sorry guys if I'm totally
washed out my I did have a very very
specific organization technique when I
was at university I'd go through it more
in the video that I did earlier but I
basically I have a folder for each topic
and I divide or for each subject and I
divide each subject up by topic and I
have different folders for each topic my
organization varies a lot depending on
when I was at university or a levels at
university I had lots of different sub
topics and readings within those topics
and I go into that more in the old video
that I did which I will link I did set
up a definite exam timetable it wasn't
really that thought-out I just kind of I
used to print off those like blank
calendar like squares or even make your
own just in a table and I used to look
when my exams were obviously because if
you have like an exam three weeks after
the other one you need to revise for the
first one but like more intensely but I
basically just used to alternate days so
if I had three subjects I would do like
one two three and then perhaps if I was
less confident in one subject I would do
an extra day a week so for example when
I'm saying where levels I did physics
biology and geography and I was a lot
weaker in physics than I was in the
other two I found Java in biology fairly
straightforward but I really struggled
with physics so I allocated an extra day
to that kind of every week and it was
awful because I hated it but it kind of
helped I definitely think look at your
exams look at when they are and how
spaced out they are and kind of work it
around there and try and divide your
time equally
I feel like it's good to change topic
every day so you don't get too bored if
you do like a week of biology and
weekend physics I used to get so bored I
might always forget what I've done so I
feel like if you do them alternate days
you can kind of revise what you've done
in the last day a little bit and then go
over a new topic and revise that and I
think that works well for me okay so
number three Emma Thompson from facebook
asks what should you do when you just
want to give up and I had a lot of
questions that were more about kind of
revision and stuff but I thought this
one was really good because I know like
everybody feels that when you're
revising that kind of like really
miserable like I just don't want to do
this this is like really getting me down
kind of feeling so whatever I used to
get that I just used to take a break
whether it be an hour or a day however
long I've been revising for however long
I needed I just used to kind of take a
step back often I would actually go with
my mom and say go out for lunch with my
mom we'll go out for a coffee with my
mom go and walk the dogs just get out of
the house and just kind of let your mind
go huh and relax instead of just being
totally like tense the whole time I also
find that it helps to have at least one
day of your weekend in in terms of like
the three or four weeks before if you
are revising that early on I feel like
it really helps to have one at least one
day if not two days of your weekend off
and by off I mean you can take the whole
day off or even just revising for a
couple of hours in the morning and then
having the afternoon off I think it's
really important to take a break and let
your brain kind of recharge because if
you are just studying studying studying
for weeks or like staying up really late
studying as well I think that's a really
bad idea and I think that really kind of
gets you down when I'm revising I like
to get up super early like seven o'clock
in the morning and have a rice breakfast
and relax and then start revision at
8:00 or 9:00 and then finish earlier so
that you have a bit of the afternoon
just to help yourself chill out because
if you are revising like till really
late at night you don't get any free
time I just think it makes you feel
really down so when you want to give up
just take a break like get out of the
house and reassess the whole thing and
just come back refreshed okay
sometimes it can be too much revising
and it's just depressing because you
look stuck at your desk all day okay
number four Isabella doe I think this is
from Twitter and on Facebook asks what
food is good brain fuel I find that I
can't stop snacking on chocolate for
this I would definitely say try and kind
of find healthy alternatives if you need
to snack for me I feel like when I'm
revising the revision part it's so
boring that by the time it gets to lunch
I guess so excited about lunch I've like
planned my lunch in my head about what
I'm gonna eat because it's like the
highlight of the day because revision is
so dull but in terms of like keeping
away from snacking on chocolate I think
just don't have them in your house be
quite like vigilant about not buying
them when you go out because the thing
about revision is you're not moving a
lot so you're not going to burn off like
a lot of excess energy so think eating
things like chocolate while it might be
tastier with a little perk for the day
if you're gonna be revising like for a
whole month and snacking on chocolate
it's not very healthy so I tend to go
for like a more healthy breakfast like
have a very filling breakfast I think
porridge is great so like porridge you
can have a little bit of nuts and honey
or you can have fruit on it is a really
great way of kind of filling you up and
keeping you full if you do want to snack
like in between meals things like nuts
and like dried fruit are always good
because they're a little bit more of a
healthy option than eating chocolate I
also find like having like keeping
hydrated whilst you're revising stops
you from kind of wanting to snack so
much because a lot of the time if you're
really thirsty if you're not drinking
like water and juice and stuff whilst
you're revising I feel like you get a
little bit dehydrate and sometimes you
can confuse being thirsty for hungry and
then snack and then so yeah I would say
be hydrated and kind of keep healthy
snacks in your house instead of keeping
unhealthy snacks because then it kind of
like doesn't give you the temptation
like there's biscuits and chocolate
there but but then again like I think
when you're advising you do deserve the
occasional treats I definitely like have
a few like emergency kind of like
chocolate breaks if you need them if
going back to the last question when you
feel like you want to give up chocolate
might help too
okay so number five the last question is
from Ellie on Twitter and she asks how
do you handle the stress of exams
think this links into the third question
as well you just sometimes need to take
a break and just kind of leave it and
come back to it later because sometimes
especially with physics like I said that
was like really my difficult subject at
school I would just get really really
stressed and like be not understanding
things and sometimes if you just take a
step back and come back to things with
fresh eyes it really helps you kind of
calm down in terms of exam stress like
when you're going into the exam I think
the best way to avoid that is to make
sure you're really well prepared so
cramming is not great though I still do
revise right up to the exam and like
they might before and everything but
like you need to try to spread out your
revision so that your knowledge kind of
builds and you look over the same topic
like three or four times so it's really
kind of engrained into your memory so
rather than just being able to kind of
like really off from memory it's more
like you know it it's like you're it's
kind of in the back of your mind because
you actually like taken an interest in
the subject over a long period of time
rather than being like this fact goes
here and this fact goes here I think you
can't get away with that at school so
GCSEs and a-levels I really think you
can kind of route learn in a way and you
can really like you can learn point
after point after point and it works for
uni and it took me a kind of while to
learn the difference between school and
uni learning but I really think that you
need to have more of like a depth of
knowledge in the topic that you are
studying so you have to kind of read
into things you have to a lot more
reading at uni I think there's a
question in the next part about the
difference between schooling uni so I'm
not going to go too much into that but
in terms of like reducing stress I just
think make sure you're really really
well prepared or as well prepared as you
can be and just you know if you really
ever feel like you're going to just go
through a panic just take a step back
even if you're in an exam and you get
panicked about a question just move on
to the next question and answer that and
then go back to it because going back to
things with fresh eyes helps so much
yeah and that is it for part one if you
want to watch part two it will be up
tomorrow after it's up I'll link it here
so you
I can go and click on it if you're
watching this a bit later but I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and I will see
you next time bye
