hey guys so it's April vlogged 830 is
the last day April vlog I'm gonna miss
you guys but don't worry i still will be
I will still be vlogging in May but just
not every day I'm here with my keys back
whoo and we are on our way to the cinema
to go into the Avengers I'm so excited
about seeing at you excited bike it's
gonna be pretty amazing and my Caspian
in the car at least a handy mine
clearance because look at this snazzy
awesome color that we're in a lot of
people always ask about our cars and the
fact that they changed quite a lot well
today mike has actually sold his car so
we're in a temporary one which is a Fiat
500 you can see the dashboard how cool
is this is like a little spaceship and I
really like it it feels bigger than it
looks easy yeah cuz I'm a massive
massive mini fan and things are like oh
no not know where I hate it there's this
bum that Mike always goes fast over so
it makes your tummy go flip yeah I'm a
massive mini fan and 500 so obviously
the main st of the money so I was always
a bit like man I don't know I don't let
him I actually quite like this one
keep out on you beautiful it's fun will
do you find car to buy yeah so this is
really bumpy filming like you're crazy
crazy driver well you would ever want to
vary I have it is a very bumpy road I'm
sorry guys I have to announce or
actually three announcements to make
today because it's the end of the month
it is the end of my new york giveaway so
without further ado the winner of my new
york giveaway is over all your drum roll
on roll on roll is melissa genest there
we go and i will message you on youtube
Melissa so if you could follow the
instructions in my message that would be
great and then I realize today that I'd
actually forgotten to announce the woofs
corner winner for last month and holds I
see that a whore monthly I can run it so
the window April I've got two winners
two pigs there's been two months of
sorry guys that winner for April it's
there's two pets because they were both
in the same picture and they were the
cutest cats they're like cuddling oh my
god they're so cute Broly and here by
who owned by a handful who I've emailed
so you guys should get an email soon and
then I could send up a prize for you and
then for this month's winner I chose a
little company called JimBob JimBob it
was really cute as I can it was a
is it Labradoodle or a cockapoo I can
remember the poodle cross anyway whose
owner is Emily Nellis and I'm emailed
you as well so congratulations to all
the winners prizes for everyone hooray
there's also another giveaway quite a
large beauty giveaway starting on my
website tomorrow so if you want more
information then go and check that out
and there's a related video that's going
to be going up tomorrow as well on my
main channel he was mysterious well
it'll actually be the day after probably
cuz usually my blogs about the dead a
good day after tomorrow so we are on our
way to dinner now and I'm going to try
and find something healthy on the menu
probably impossible at somewhere like
TGI Fridays Harold we're not going to
mcdonalds oh we're not we can we go see
Jen Fridays because they have Alex a
little stuff either way we're doing that
and then we're going to the cinema so I
will be coming back at you after the
cinema with a mini review of the
Avengers because I'm so excited to just
be I can't even speak i'm so excited to
see this film and mike's really excited
too so we're going to do some kind of
cuddly joint review complete children
does that sound a bit thank
georgina do we do yay Mike would either
review it not a couple join just a
review not okay not comfortable because
we're not a couple or anything hello
again everybody so we just got out of
the Avengers and it was awesome I
actually look like one of the evil
people in it with this lighting I look
pretty scary um but yeah it was such a
cool film it was actually I loved how
they kind of mixed all the characters
together it was so awesome and it was
just really cool and I absolutely loved
the Hulk that he's like my favorite
character and he just yeah I love her
character what about Captain America Oh
captain america is also one of my
favorite what's another captain brush
yes sexy captain captain england said
not all about nokia there's no
equivalent and what I think is made by
American lets me get him it was a really
good feel mushy and it was long I think
most of the kind of comic films are
pretty long that they yeah but it's
quite late now we went to like a 915
showing so it's now midnight so headed
home and I got so thirsty when we were
watching it like right in the middle I
was suddenly because I had a bit of
popcorn I didn't even eat like a quarter
of the popcorn I got and then I got so
thirsty it wasn't a salty posh one of a
sweet popcorn nation and I went outside
and cinema by a drink and they're all
just clothes are so and office and I'm
so thirsty I'm gonna drink my delete
reward when i get it i really like film
was very good I thought what Scott
you're handsome was really good in as
well
Scott I'm glass skull and busting out I
am not usually sure about how girls like
that but she was pretty kick-ass I saw
the whole film was kick-ass the whole
film was kicking yeah and a secret bit
but won't say what it is cuz does he
stay and make sure they stay to the end
the secret ending everybody knows about
those are my dears a few people that
walked out before the end but most
people stay with me I feel no that's
awful socratic yeah but uh yeah it was
pretty good definitely recommend it
apparently it's not out in the states
yet either which release I hope those
who have a few people on Twitter so it
comes out friday on stage yeah okay my
earlier life ins check us out for one's
getting something anything else want to
be a captain british the campaign
England then they'd get it hurting it on
the cat's away
so yeah we really enjoyed it heading
home now I'm going to drink a lot of
water or something you see how pretty
you have a cap reason are you home no
you five and three-quarters
well guys I won't see you tomorrow but
i'm sure i will see you very soon thank
you so much for sticking with me
throughout April vlog I've really
enjoyed flogging and I'm going to miss
you guys but I will be back in a few
days possibly with like maybe without
Mike but I'm sure you will see you soon
again as well bye
