it's April blog day 29 and this is the
first time I've ever done this but I'm
vlogging from bed yay it's Sunday
morning and Mike's not here because he's
on his guys weekend he actually gets
back tonight so it was exciting but I
woke up to a little monster with her wet
nose in my face somebody wanted to wake
me up this morning and I so don't want
to get up this Sunday I don't know
whether you can hear the rain probably
not but I will show you today this is
why I see half my window guys miserable
gray and really cold this morning for
some reason you're such a spoiled dog
woof you're so spoiled everyone's gonna
be like oh let the dog in your bed yes
they do cuz she's so cute say hi woof do
you love YouTube he loved them yes a
little bit
spikes actually here in the world today
honestly
Spain what timings be had I was blogging
from bed being like I was just gonna be
like spikes here and I haven't seen him
in two weeks and he's changed so much
he's such a big boy and then he went
quickly this is will she be nice
booth no he speak speak you did speak on
a jump on here can you say hi to the
camera say hi oh hi are you cutes P Q P
say hi mama
yeah Mama's here who's this SP who's
this
the spray thats P isn't it you can who's
this though this is spikes new favorite
game I have this jar of coins in my
bedroom it's like but it's been
collecting so so about 12 probably
spiked likes to come up call them all on
the floor and then put them back in it's
a really fun game isn't money you're a
little monkeys be what comes after one
one one one what's next the count at
this age Wow was really weird wave and
I'm not entirely sure I did that one
around hey guys it's a lot later now and
I am on my own I'd stop my parents my
sister and Spike have gone home so I'm
here but I'm basically I meant to be
going home I'm just kind of I can't
really be bothered to drive I think so
I'm putting it off and watching I'm
really watching series 1 of The Vampire
Diaries well I've only watched one
episode of it but I just thought I
watched the latest episode which was
amazing I just thought I'd love to go
back and watch it from the beginning
like when Elena and Stefan first met and
like I just take three back I just love
watching like the first episodes and
stuff and also the dogs here are a
little bit wet because they've been
outside it's been raining like crazy
absolutely pouring all day long it's so
miserable and so stereotypically English
weather it's awful and yeah part of that
I'm really done much today I've just had
filmed a couple of videos it's more
and then I went out for a coffee with my
friend and yeah it's been quite chilled
Sunday really I just painted my nails
this bright purple color which is a wine
cellar one called palm graffiti number
thirteen it was quite cool it's like a
palm a violet color which I guess it's
where the name comes from so I'm just
waiting for that to dry and I'm gonna
watch another episode of Vampire Diaries
and then I'm gonna head home
and Mike doesn't get back until midnight
I don't think yeah I think he's gonna
yeah I think he's playing yet something
like nine and then he's got a couple of
hours drive and cuz he took golf clubs
I'm pretty sure I'll have to wait for
ages to get them back but yeah I've
already missed him this weekend I'm one
of those people like I don't really like
my own company I get quite lonely sounds
really weird because it's like only for
a couple of days but like as soon as
Mike leaves I'm like what do I do now
and I have to like find people to play
with because I get so bored but yeah
it's been miserable without Mike
fish but that's pretty much it
today I think guys I'm not really sure
what else to tell you it's gonna be a
short vlog today because it's been a
lazy Sunday I'm gonna go and watch
episode 2 of series 1 of The Vampire
Diaries now wait for the dogs dry and
then head home so apart from that I
guess I will see you all tomorrow I hope
you're all having a great weekend
alright you've had a great weekend and
yeah I hope it's not raining this much
where you are cuz it's damn miserable
see you tomorrow guys bye
