hey guys so it's April vlog day 28 and
today I wrapped up super warm and cozy
in my big hoodie and scarf because it's
absolutely freezing but I'm gonna be
starting a new series on my vlog channel
called ask Flair it's kind of
self-explanatory name it's kind of
replacing my asking me anything type
videos but I want to do a kind of theme
around each video that I make I don't
know how often I'm gonna make them it
might be every week might be a bit
longer it might be a bit more frequently
who knows but this is gonna be the first
one and each one is going to have a
theme so today's theme is going to be
friendships and I tweeted and Facebook
asking all of you guys if you had any
questions for me about friendships and I
got lots of replies and I've picked out
my top five questions which I'm going to
answer now so number one comes from
Maddie Wallace on Facebook and she asked
me did you find it difficult to remain
friends with your childhood or high
school friends when you went to uni now
I definitely had a bit of a mixed
experience with keeping friends my best
best friend is that I was very very
close to obviously I've kept in touch
with really well even though three the
three three of my best friend from
school all went to the same Union
scholars and they were absolutely miles
away I was down in London and I didn't
see them that often I just see them in
the holidays and I spoke to them on the
phone I texted them but I wasn't in that
much contact with them considering I've
gone from seeing them every single day
at school it is a big change and it does
make it kind of difficult to keep in
touch but I think you feel really really
good friends with people sometimes it
doesn't matter if you don't see them for
a few weeks or speak to them for a few
weeks and when you see each other again
it just makes it even better so in a
nutshell like yes it is difficult but I
think if you really make the effort then
you can of course you can stay friends
and people it's difficult to keep in
touch with everybody that's for sure
like a lot of the people who I was
friends with at school but not
necessarily best friends with I've
definitely lost touch with over the
years I mean it's been six years this
year since I left school so it's kind of
getting quite a long time since I left
and it is difficult to keep in touch
with people who you don't live close to
in proximity or say
move away or they move away to work with
West uni or whatever it's difficult to
keep in touch with people but I do have
a couple of tips number one would be
make an effort and it's always important
even if the other person doesn't make an
effort as long as you've tried and
you've tried first that's the main thing
and being a good friend like if you want
to keep friends with somebody make an
effort to keep in touch with them text
them every now and again ring them every
now and again write in a message on
Facebook Facebook and mobile phones are
like the best thing ever I think in our
parents generation I don't know how they
did it like keeping in touch with
friends who that I've been to school
with and maybe you know they changed
their number they move house and they
don't have a mobile phone that must have
been way harder we have so much kind of
at our fingertips now for keeping in
touch that it's kind of silly not to do
it the second thing would be if you ever
have a school reunion go along because
even though it's a little bit cringy and
you're gonna see people who maybe maybe
you didn't like at school but at the end
of the day like getting back in touch
with people who you were friends with is
the most awesome feeling I know I went
to one this year or lashley last year
now and it was so cool just to see
people I haven't seen in five years it
was a really cool experience and I guess
the longer you've left school like that
becomes even better so I've been
rambling a lot about this one but yes it
can be hard to keep in touch with
friends but it's totally worth making
the effort and try not to get lazy like
when you're at uni try not to like kind
of forget about your old friends you
know you'll probably make a lot of new
friends and it can be kind of easy to
get busy and not to make the effort to
keep in touch with your friends so try
your hardest to keep in touch because
it's definitely worth it like keeping in
touch with people who knew you when
you're young it's just the best thing
like to meet up with them and reminisce
about being a teenager it's like the
most one of the most fun times in your
life so you want to remember it and know
people who knew you when you are a
teenager as well especially when you get
a little bit older I think that's really
important so number two Emma Jane or
Twitter asked how do I make friends at
university and I actually got a lot of
questions similar to this asking me how
to make friends at a new school or if
you are changing schools and you're
kinda feeling a bit nervous about how to
kind of fit into social groups and
things like that my top two
for making new friends is to try and
beat as confident as you can especially
if you're a little bit shy and I'm
always a little bit shy when I first
meet people but when I first went to uni
you kind of just have to force yourself
to go up to people and say hi to
introduce yourself to the person who is
in the room next to you or who is you
know walking to lectures next to you and
you know start up a conversation it can
be difficult can be awkward they might
be rude then they might not want to talk
to you but you just kind of have to
brush it off and go to the next person
because there will be people that want
to make friends everybody is going to be
new everybody wants to meet friends so
at the end of the day like they'll
probably really appreciate it if you go
up to them and say hi so that would be
my number one tip is try me confident
and just go and talk to people because
that's the best way even if you don't
end up liking them it's the best way
just to get to know people and find the
people you do like in terms of school I
think it's a little bit different
because I think when you're younger
especially when you are kind of early
teens I think it can be really kind if
there's a lot of pressure to fit in from
my personal experience anyway and
there's kind of pressure to be cool or
popular and I think the most important
thing that I can say to you guys from
hindsight from you know from my
experience is that you don't need to fit
into the popular crowd to have a good
time and you'll probably have a better
time if you just try and be yourself and
be friends with people who are similar
to you and who you like because if you
spend all your time trying to fit in
with a group that maybe you shouldn't
really fit in with that you don't really
like them but you're just doing it to
kind of you know because do you think
it's what you should do then you
probably won't be as happy as you would
be if you were just to try and be
yourself and be friends at the people
who are like you and that's what I
learnt between the ages of like 13 and
15 that's definitely what I learned and
my group of friends changed quite a lot
in that period yeah so I think there
will be my tips for making friends I
hope that helps some of you guys so
number three Kylie Dixon from Facebook
asked me did you tell your friends when
you first started youtube what did they
say and what do they think of you being
on YouTube now now this is an
interesting question I actually got
quite a lot of these relating to YouTube
and what my friends think of YouTube do
I tell everybody when I first started no
definitely not when I first started
YouTube only Mike and my mum knew my dad
and my brother sister didn't even know
until about a week or two weeks in I was
really really scared of telling them I
was really scared of what they would
think and my friends didn't know
probably until about two months in so I
kind of just wanted to see whether I
wanted to do it for sure before telling
anyone cause it's kind of a weird thing
to be doing and yes when I first told my
friends they thought it was weird but I
tell you what the way they reacted
actually gave me a bit of an indication
of how good a friend they were because
looking back now my really really good
friends and my best friends or even if
they thought it was weird we're kind of
excited for me or supportive of me and
they would you know they'll be like wow
what is this I'm kind of interested in
it rather than like what the hell are
you doing you're weird kind of and no
one really reacted like that to me but I
think a few people were a bit like yeah
okay flirt like whatever kind of thing I
think those friends are probably the
friends that aren't such good friends to
me and I think as time has gone on
people's attitudes have definitely
changed so obviously when more people
started watching my channel people
became more interested in it and I think
now it's gone from the people who kind
of thought it was a bit weird in the
beginning they're now kind of intrigued
and kind of interested to see what I'm
doing but the people who have been
supportive throughout I've just remain
supportive and are now like I know like
my really good friends are really proud
of my kind of achievements on YouTube
and they're really proud that I'm still
doing it and I know a lot of them watch
my videos which is kind of weird to me
now it's funny because it's always
really interesting to find out who
watches your videos because a lot of the
time people who have kind of been really
not that nice about it to start off with
actually end up watching them so I find
that really really strange but it's
definitely been a kind of learning
experience for me in terms of friendship
and YouTube like it definitely tests who
are your real friends because it is kind
of a strange thing to be doing and I
mean when I saw said it was two and a
half years ago now
it wasn't as big as it is now and it's
also it's kind of a funny thing to be
doing if you've never watched videos
yourself and one of your friends says oh
I'm talking about beauty products and
putting my makeup on on YouTube I would
be a little bit like oh okay I mean I'm
a beauty fanatic so I feel like wow that
sounds awesome but if you're not and a
lot of my friends aren't that into
beauty and it is kind of a strange thing
to be doing but yeah it's definitely
taught me a few things about life and
friends and kind of how things go and
who you should kind of put your faith in
so it's been a good learning experience
for me okay number four
nada Rahim asks do best friends have to
like the same things to be best friends
and I feel very very strongly about this
absolutely not
pretty much all of my best friends are
totally different to me my longest kind
of oldest best friend Lizzie who's been
in lots of videos with me you guys
probably have seen her
we are absolute polar opposites and we
both know it we both say it and laugh
about it all the time
she's really outdoorsy she's really
sporty um she's not into kind of like
beauty and makeup and stuff like that
and she's a bit of a tomboy she's kind
of um a bit of a joker if you know what
I mean whereas I'm very kind of girly
I'm quite sensitive I hate team sports I
just in general like I'm not a very
outdoorsy person and we're so so
different but we've stayed really good
friends for most of our lives
and I think you can be good friends with
people who are very similar to you but I
find sometimes if you are friends with
people who suddenly - you tend to clash
a little bit so I think it's actually
the opposite of what naina is asking and
I think it actually helps if you're
different from your friends because I
think you all bring something different
to the table and I know when me and all
of my friends get together we're all so
different that it's a really interesting
kind of mix and we always have really
interesting conversations about stuff
because we all have something different
to bring to the table so yeah number
five comes from Taisha on twitter and
she says if you could make any fictional
character your best friend who would it
be and why and this may be
kind of like current at the moment
because I've been rewatching that OC but
100%
Seth Cohen from The OC he is the most
awesome hilarious character and I just
absolutely love him I loved him at the
time and re watching it now I just I
wish that OC was still running yeah he's
just a really funny like cute character
and I would definitely want to be
friends with him if he was real I also
got a lot of other questions similar to
this saying if you could be friends with
any celebrity who would it be
and I think you guys probably might know
the answer definitely Taylor Swift
because I'm a little bit obsessed with
her so yeah that would be well sort of
that and that is the end of my very
first ask Claire I hope you guys enjoyed
it make sure you click the thumbs up
button I think it's like Blair if you
did like it and let me know kind of what
you think if you have any ideas for
future topics for ask further then let
me know I know I'm definitely going to
be doing one on relationships probably
one on travel maybe one on school which
kind of links into friendship as well so
I'm not really sure there but if you do
have any ideas for topics then let me
know I hope you guys are all having an
amazing day and I will see you tomorrow
bye
