hey guys it's April hug day 27 it's gone
so quickly it was almost over but today
and Louise from sprinkle of glitter and
Zoe from zoella are coming over to pick
me up and they should be here in about
10 minutes I think but it's Louise's
birthday which is very exciting so we're
going out for some drinks together but
I've done her little surprise kind of
mini party on my table here I've got her
all the lights on that's nice I've got
her a little prezzie with a card and a
cupcake with handling which I want to
like when she gets here and then a few
nibbles and I was going to pour some
champagne as well well champagne for me
and Louise but I bought well that's
bright I bought some sure for i'm going
to switch this this switch the light off
there we go i bought some sugar for zoe
because she if you don't watch those
it's basically non-alcoholic champagne
and stuff grape juice basically fizzy
grape juice i bought some that for zoe
because she's driving yeah i'm really
excited for them to get here I don't
know why I haven't been out on a girly
night for such a long time I might do a
little bit of an outfit of the day as
well actually I'm wearing I've curled my
hair with my it was kind of a mixture
between using my straighteners and I'm
so bad at cutting my hair straighteners
I can do it but just takes me ages so I
got bored halfway through and started
using my fabulous waving wand and then
my makeup is kind of the same as usual
so she sado foundation it's kind of my
staple every day and then I've got you a
blush on in peony you think and then
pretty basic eye makeup like a little
bit smoky eye with the inglot palette
that i bought in new york and then i'm
wearing my favorite lipstick which is
max show orchid and I'm gonna go
upstairs if I can do an outfit of the
day in the mirror for you it's very dark
up here there's a little kitty cat down
there hello don't you can see her whoops
on the bed let me put my shoes on so you
get the full effect okay I think it's
probably better without the lights but
yeah so you can see that's what my hair
looks like and then I'm wearing this
bright orange kind of like flowy tank
top which I normally would put a belt
round but because I'm
wearing this long necklace I didn't but
this is actually from a place called fan
place I I had this in a whole video not
too long ago and I've got a tank top
underneath it which I'm just pulling
down so that doesn't have like a line
across the middle and so I'm wearing
that and then I'm also wearing this
necklace speeded necklace which is from
forever 21 which actually got when on
the last day in New York when I was with
Nikki and I really like it was only like
eight dollars or something and then I've
got my pixie pants on standard and just
plain black pumps so it's pretty simple
like we're not going anywhere to snazzy
I don't think we're just going out for a
few drinks but I thought it was quite
spring-like even though it's raining
like crazy in England at the moment so
look who's here it's the birthday girl
and so everybody or your eyes look how
smooth that is more than a sprinkle of
glitter it's a smarter sector smattering
of glitter so we might wonder if we can
only get in so we are all just having a
little bit of champagne and some some
snacks anomalies cake yes the cupcake
you can eat the cupcake yeah sure I get
it now the green icing explain because
suspect I thought it was yellow it's
green it's peppermint and chocolate
alright what the other ones on my name
mint is my favorite is it like a mint
arrow is it is it amazing my son look at
this color I don't know hunger to eat
this in a sort of good fashion way happy
birthday me 25 again I know you're 24
that's right right you're not going to
see me to say we need a couple of years
yeah I was a few a young whippersnapper
in the corner yeah I was look at my
wedding videos like oh 25 stuff go try
it is it good mmm it's good like rude
time in my mouth what are you doing for
your birthday tomorrow oh um I going out
for like a family meal with my father
whole nine obviously getting home for a
family meal with your friends and I
think
what's do something nice with me is that
be cool and maybe Darcy will do
something extra special it's an extra
special poop in her now are you a birdie
extra sloppy one yes she goes hi does
she ask you your hi yeah I love Darcy oh
my god I didn't tell you my mom I was
once my mommy other night and she was
like oh you know your friend you know
your friend sprinkle of glitter that's
my actual name yes I know my friends
spring looking sir feel betta be is the
most beautiful baby looks like work much
and she's a grandma too so that's saying
something like war don't he'll spike I'm
a shade although her daddy has not been
shown in votes he's a hottie isn't he
yeah yes oh what a pity if Matt wasn't
they buy her jeans I would say this an
attractive gentleman yes yes he's a
hottie I just talking for ages to making
go out with me I didn't stop him I just
you didn't did you stop him a little bit
just this list much much renewing
through friends so just make sure that
was always out with that friends when he
was out and like and you ought to me
when to German things slights talking a
little bit maybe it didn't it is much
yeah worked well to be honest I'm not
married yet I want to get stalking Fleur
he's just lying the amount of coverage
people come out about it a hot time I'm
like oh oh we're talking about
engagement sorry my phone just ran off
Pat memory memory I was like power no
we're talking about i think it's glam
life gurus now and yes no he said she
watched it yes so here watched it and
cried it was really sweet it was a bit
when he was playing it back yeah yeah
yeah I know it would Nikki was in it yes
and they are bright me yeah oh my god it
was so cute I can't believe you did like
I can't believe a guy did that like know
how did you think of that idea amazing
than mine but was the one who put his
face on youtube yeah you're shy as any
the proposal was like super romantic but
I don't want to say it on YouTube what
did you do well well tell you about it
oh I'm gonna go and find out because I
think I always was proposed to now and
you're not gonna hear but I say why why
people always would like to tell us how
it's not something horrible but I just
think like that's a very special thing
like I can't if I share it with everyone
then everyone always went to you are
special religious I knew gonna tell us
no was I probably knows already right
you told me yes it was like quite
romantic ah I'm gonna go and find out ah
but i will see you guys tomorrow think
you're all having a lovely day bye bye
my say happy birthday to Luis her
birthday oh really well again
