hello everybody so it's April vlog day
26 and today it's actually seven o'clock
already I don't know where today it's
gone today's been kind of one of those
slobby like not really make much effort
because I'm doing accounts day making
sure all my finance and stuff in order
which I just put off and put off and put
off because it is just not fun it's just
not fun to do is it spreadsheets and all
that but jess is coming over for dinner
Mike's gone away for kind of like a
guy's weekend to stay with all of his
friends so I am on my own so jess is
coming over tonight
and we are having kind of a girly night
in and I also have my mom's dog little
mousey come here Mouse mum will love
this because mom actually watches my
vlogs pretty much every day and she
adores this dog and she's gone away for
a few days with my dad so I'm a YouTube
she's honestly like the shyest bassy
shyest dog in the whole world and works
here as well maybe one word hi um oh
it's just made in the dog this afternoon
and it's been very boring so I can't
wait for Jess to arrive I'm just popping
to the supermarket to cook dinner to
cook dinner to get dinner to hide my
headers all over the shop can you tell
I'm just popping through the supermarket
to get something to cook for dinner I
don't know what to get what do you think
I should get be too late by this - that
it's not to ask you
yeah I'm not sure I think I might just
go and see what I see yeah I reckon
that's a good idea it was a good idea
with I'm going mad and told me to
animals ready I've been on my own for so
long now see how mouse eating circles
you're like a weasel you're like a
weasel wheel okay so I just got back
from this super Marche do you want to
see what I bought do you wanted you on
earth probably not but I'll show you
anyway I bought a really easy kind of
pre-prepared dinner so no judging for my
not fresh cooking guys but it's already
20 to 8 yeah so I'm a little bit late on
the cooking front today I bought grups
yeah whoo and then for dinner
I bought these easy to cook
cod Mornay fish cakes which I've
actually had before and they're really
good
they have like the source inside so we
have one of those each and then I was
really lazy about the pre-packed
vegetables I know I know
broccoli and carrots and there I got a
prepaid salad as well ah lazy cooking so
that's for dinner and then I also bought
this is really sneaky
I bought two little pots of Ben and
Jerry's ice cream and I got the Vermont
stir one which I've never had before but
it says if you can read this with me
maple syrup ice cream with caramelized
pecans and caramel swirl which sounds
really good I've never had this one
before
and I got the small ball in the box i
got the small pot because if I get the
big one I'll finish it tomorrow so I
thought we can have one each and then
we'll be done with it and no more ice
cream eating because it's not and then I
also got some random things French onion
soup which for my lunch tomorrow because
I really like French onion soup I got
some yogurts which I just picked up
because they were they were on offer and
I kind of like this these ones and then
I also got some innocent juice as well
which was also on offer for like I think
it was 2 for 3 pounds so it kind of
makes it even cheaper than the normal
juice I got tropical these are new ones
and apple and mango which that's good
and then another new bottle green
cordial lime and coconut so I don't know
I really really like the I usually get
apple and orange mango one and then
salla anymore so I think that must have
been like the springtime one and maybe
the lime and coconut is like the summer
one I don't know so I'm gonna cook this
now I should I think jess is gonna be
here in like 20 minutes so I'm gonna get
that in the oven and then I'm gonna
paint my nails okay so what this does I
just have a crazy barking fit what's she
doing miles what's she doing okay so I
wanted to show you nails inc sent me
three of their new colors which is
awesome how awesome of these they're the
new neon hits I think there's more than
this thing it was like six but they sent
me the blue which is cool and the pink
and orange and in case you guys haven't
noticed by my scarf and saw my bracelet
and generally things that I've been
pairing together recently I'm obsessed
with pink and orange at home I just love
like the classiness so I think I'm gonna
paint my nails with these like
mismatched
so I'll let you know how that goes and I
wanted to show you as well because this
will go up after I gave it to her but I
bought my friend the wheeze I'll
sprinkle it mr. wolf can you be quiet no
no is the answer sorry about dog I
bought my friend Louise from
sprinkleofglitter a birthday present
it's her birthday this weekend I'm
seeing her tomorrow I bought her this
wallet from accessorize which I thought
was really no like I just saw it and I
was like I really like that I think
Louise will like it so go over that and
then I also got her and I'm really
jealous about this because I wanted one
of these for ages but they don't do them
with an F but I got her a key ring with
her initials on it
yeah they don't do that they only do
apparently according to accessorize
camels because they're the most common
initials it's a fact for you there so
check out my culinary skills potentially
not so many skills cuz it was pretty
much or you know what we're gonna eat
this now and then we will change bed
probably pie we are now trying to pick a
movie whilst eating ice cream this stuff
is freaking amazing new favorite flavor
the Vermont stir I like the name as well
I told you guys earlier where it was but
it's so tasty I honestly think it's my
new favorite it might have taken over
fairly nuts we're trying to pick a movie
and we can't decide is it also angry
what are you thinking Jess what other
these are all these green lanterns
really bad to be honest really bad I
mean I thought you meant Green Hornet
which is quite good
what's that I bought that I haven't I
don't know that's like one of the only
DVDs that I thought it might work let me
watch him basically Mike buys all of the
DVDs so all of the DVDs we have like
boys films so far we're thinking
waterful offense maybe yes doesn't know
whether she wants to cry or not and you
definitely will cry
in this film let's just get Avery it's a
it's a cat toy see the water for
elephants or anything else you've seen
so far is just water elephants I want to
eat my ice cream I'm holding the camera
I might love Sat it's like his favorite
film by India yeah it's really good but
it's a bit intense and your chops is own
arm yeah you see a Sherlock series
that's really good as I bought the
second series and I haven't seen it yet
but if you haven't seen you know the
Sherlock Holmes a basic this is actually
really good there's only three episodes
in a series so you could do that what
Senna Senna is a documentary about a
Formula One driver oh my god you me and
Dupree okay so so far we've got Sherlock
Holmes Water for Elephants
Hugo oh my god I was thinking that today
I was like we should I've had this
burning desire to watch The OC that's
what I see okay guys we're gonna go
watch The OC yay
