hey guys so it's April day 25 and today
I am in even greeting someone in London
which the various masses have worn it
looks like this and we get my hair done
I haven't actually had my hair done in
my roots in getting really really bad
but I went to Daniel Kahneman down the
road you guys remember my video about
going darker but that was like a
semi-permanent for a lot even a
semi-permanent was like a three-day ty
stone that's gone now so I'm going to
show you but if you're not busy tomorrow
it's pretty bad so I just got out of the
shower I thought I would show you my
hair I just nipped under this little
Posca thing which I don't know if I'm
meant to be here but I'm here anyway
because it is absolutely pouring with
rain
but I would show you my hair I never
change it's actually kind of funny
lighting it is looking a little bit
darker than actually is but I really
really loved it I had an amazing
experience actually the color was really
lovely and yeah and just generally so
happy I've been trying to go as you guys
might have guessed from my vlogs on my
videos but I've been kind of I'm
ignoring about going a little bit darker
for ages and getting kind of washed out
Dianna and stuff like that so I'm really
happy with the kind of finish result
that some little bits
it looks really I think this light is
not very good kind of washing it out a
lot I don't know whether I think I think
it just get Fluer in here but you guys
will see in this is better this is
better here we go to us for what it
looks like you guys will see in my next
few videos what it looks like but I'm
really really happy with it and I love
the cut as well it's just got a lot of a
lot more shape than it had before I
haven't had it cut in quite a long time
so I'm off to do a tiny bit of shopping
now I thought a couple of hours in
between this and then I'm going to like
a fashion event with eBay which sounds
kind of interesting so I might be able
to film a little bit there I'm not sure
and then I'm headed home on the train I
ended up getting the train today I was
meant to actually drive but because it
was raining so much I just thought I'll
get the train to the motorway would be
really not very nice so now it's time to
try and get a cab and I don't have an
umbrella but I do have a giant hood on
my coat so I think I'm gonna like tuck
my hair into my coat links what
raving mad problem is with where I am
the new green cell is actually on George
Street in London which is anyone doesn't
know it's basically a street full of
hairdressers so everybody wants a cab
and all the cabs as loads of cats but no
all full so I'm gonna go on to the next
row dispute I can catch one yeah apart
from that I guess I will catch you guys
a bit later hey guys so it's a lot later
now and I am at the eBay fashion styling
event which has been really fun and we
all got to style their own outfits and
I'm here with my new fashion blogging
friend Sarah and Sarah you can see I'll
put a link in the fishmonger you can see
all of the outfits that everybody's
uploaded and they're really cool if you
see behind me which you only have six
I'm standing there behind me you can see
all the outfits and you can vote
- every major event has been really fun
so I will link it in the fishbowl below
and you guys can go check it out I put a
run now and get on a train because I
want to get back before 10:00 otherwise
Mike will not pick me up from the
station and I have to get a taxi so I'll
see you later
I am in the station now train station
very exciting and I'm just waiting to
get the train home I know I said that I
wasn't sure whether I would make the
niece's dream I actually made it with 20
minutes to go so I now have time to
choose dinner in the station because I
haven't had any yet and it's nine
o'clock so I have a selection of things
to choose from
which I might walk around in a minute
but first of all I want to say I hope
and I know she said that footage safety
announcement going alright now I hope I
got to in that footage from the event I
wasn't sure that the music in the
background was quite loud but I met some
really really lovely girls it's honestly
it's such a fun event and because I'm
mainly obviously you guys notice he
watched me on a regular basis I hope and
then a beauty blogger so I didn't get
invited to a lot of fashion event it was
very very fun and I thought it was going
to be really scary because it was
actually a styling event where you got
to kind of look through all the clothes
that they had there and like put
together the urine out of it and it was
actually really fun I was so nervous
and I kind of jumped right in and did it
like I think I was second to take the
pictures because I was really nervous
about doing it in front of everybody
sounds like right I'm going to do it for
everyone gets here so I did it but it
was pretty fun I met some of the most
lovely girls so I hope you got to get
outfitted even if I couldn't put the
footage in I'll put the link to the
girls site I think there was four or
five girls just so lovely and I can't
wait to read their blogs because I'm
always looking for new fashion blogs too
because I'm not good at fashion always I
know I know I feel like I guess because
I do Beauty I think beauty bugs are a
lot easier to find anyway I have a
choice I've got let's do it let's do it
in the background Burger King which you
can't quite see but it is both me I
don't think I should go for that because
it's it's probably not very healthy and
then upper crust which is like maggots
felice de France which I guess is French
stuff also God
caste wears it with their boots and
pasty shop we don't necessarily know
whether I quite fancy a pasty and then
I've also got Camden food company which
I might go well there's also an M&M but
it's kind of on the other side the
station so I don't know whether to go
there and get some fun it up there like
jelly like cones and stuff which I do
quite like
what do they want to eat there most of
its sandwiches I don't know
Hansol sandwiches Milly's cookie is
probably not a healthy thing to have for
dinner is the cookies oh I forgot as
well you guys can probably see my hair a
bit better in this light it is quite a
lot darker I think Mike's gonna hate it
as soon as I tweeted that I got loads of
questions for that
what does Mike thing guaranteed Mike
will hate this because he wants me to be
like platinum blonde like super duper
Barbie doll blonde but I actually really
like this and I think if I stop walking
the highlights of really subtle so
basically what he did was to put
highlights back into my hair like new
highlights and then dyed everything else
darker so quite like it will fade the
problem is because I had so much bleach
in my hair anything that I put in it
fades pretty quickly within a few washes
so we'll see how it goes but I do really
really like it I love the cuts as well
what do we think I should get
sandwiches
I had a friend
I don't really feel like something kind
of feel like they do the best poems here
like in
yummy like chewy sauce which I might try
and find you guys that live in the UK
this is Marks and Spencer basically like
the most ridiculously expensive
supermarket in the whole world but they
do lots of good kind of pre-made stuff
if your honor
I'm not fooling myself a little good
guys so I'm in the car now Mike's just
pick me up there he is what a legend my
phone I've actually halfway through
vlogging and M&S so if I couldn't vlog
anymore
so you cook see well I didn't realize
because my phone out how much I didn't
realize that Mike is cooking a late
supper because I thought your friend was
getting it earlier than 10:30 and
actually he's getting a return 13 say
Mike cook more he would but I only had
like a bit of Parma ham and a bit of
squid and a bit of process of fruit so I
could just have one for you to maybe
change the tune so we're just on the way
home it's pretty late now it's nearly
half 10:00 but I've had a lovely day I
had a really nice hair done and a nice
time at the eBay event and I've been
thoroughly spoiled today and I had a
lovely time so thank you to you green
who did my hair thank you to eBay for
having me in the event and thank you to
all the lovely people that I met the
ebay event for chatting to me and being
so genuinely nice apart from that I
think that is it for today I will see
you tomorrow guys just kidding I'm not
really going I'm here with Whoopi ha ha
she just got really excited when they
got the camera but I thought it would
just mention at the end of this video as
well that I have missed a day of April
vlog yes that's right I know I said in
the video the last video that went up so
8 prov log day 23 so I missed day 24 so
I know I said in day 23 that I was back
on track but then I didn't vlog on day
24 and I've totally messed things up so
basically I'm just gonna suck it up and
say I've missed today and I'm very sorry
but I will be back on track after this
video I promise so I missed today I'm
sorry I feel like such a failure but I
didn't miss a day during out during out
during I'm really tired I didn't miss a
day during
vlogmas or February
or when I was away in LA like I've
logged every single day I was kind of
like very religious with it but now I
missed one so I'm sorry guys but I'll be
back on track tomorrow I promise and I
will see them bye say bye ruble my
mobile
bye bye bye bye
