hey guys so it's April vlog day 23 we
thought I would just introduce you to a
new member of her family
Mike basically surprised me today and
brought home a new addition so excited I
can't wait to show you guys this is
Brock and he is going to be joining our
house from now and just kidding guys
Mike brought a cardboard cutout of
Barack Obama cardboard obviously it's
not him for charity a charity auction at
work today and brought it home he ran up
to the window with it and like knocked
on the window with his face it scared
the life out of me but do you want to
explain why you bought what a brat cut
out because it was for charity what
charity wasn't my I think it was a Kids
charity you don't know what you don't
know what shout it was as soon as my
kids kids he's like okay I'll give it to
charity but obviously you were very
taken in by Barack apparently there was
two cardema no Brad Pitt oh there was
yeah you went from Iraq obviously I
would prefer Brad to be honest like what
think of change
so I oh my god why do you always put
this here how many times in a vlog have
I tripped over what stop bowl you guys
tell me because Mike puts it there every
single time try to be crazy so I'm just
making Mike a cup of tea and I'm doing
this through the camera while I'm making
your second cup of tea well basically I
made one before and I used off milk and
then Mike took a few goals so I'm making
him another cup of tea and this this
milk definitely is end-date that says
the fifth of May so we've got a while
there so I'm trying to do one-handed
making tea and I don't know oh my god I
was gonna tell you guys as well look
what I got in the post the other day was
waiting for you when I got back from New
York an invitation to the launch of
Taylor Swift's fragrance in the UK that
is highly exciting to me cuz if you guys
know you're just focusing on my tea here
by the way if you guys know I'm a
massive Taylor Swift fan and even though
I have the perfume already and I've done
you of it on my blog and it's been in my
monthly favorites and all that kind of
stuff they invited me along to the
launch - I guess learn more about the
making of it and stuff which is super
cool and I'm a humongous Taylor Swift
fan as you guys probably know so that is
very exciting for me and I think that's
which is cool from that the house is in
a total mess I'm literally I'm still
look what I got from Mike as well no the
mess is completely mine I will admit
that I am still really jet like so I've
been going to bed at like 2:00 a.m. I
don't know I've been going to bed it
like 2 a.m. and waking up at like 10:00
and just feeling awful like even though
I've slept a good amount I just feel
awful in mornings so I've been pretty
unproductive since I got back from
Norfolk and that's about it really
that's all I've got to say I think mike
friends coming over for dinner sighs me
what are we gonna cook where am I gonna
cook yes he's such a bloke okay let's go
look in the freezer what do you fancy
Mike Oh someone's organized the freezer
so exciting look into our freezer guys
we've got steak got quite a few steaks
we've got quite a lot of chicken hmm and
mints forgive you mints I guess one can
of coke and some wine and beer it's not
married oh we got potatoes what what do
you fancy for dinner
look at the cat oh she's on my silk top
no kitty cat come on don't fight me
Nora teach at Haworth did you miss
everybody on YouTube worth not a lot
obviously Hey oh we didn't show them
your new bed whoopee look at whoops new
bed that wolf doesn't like the cats love
it though it's like a throne cats
absolutely love it
so what do you want for dinner are you
gonna answer me the donkey sauce do you
mean the pork Filat not real donkey guys
thought though with rack in the
background there there's someone you
live yeah someone's watching you from
mind I just thought I think there's a
new episode of the Vampire Diaries
Alcatraz I've missed like three episodes
of Alcatraz you've recorded them for me
oh nice boyfriend as she didn't take
that much everybody did it because they
were on serious link okay so I might
watch an episode of Vampire Diaries
whilst I am tidying up hmm that's
thought and I was also on a final note
because today's vlogs not really hugely
happening because I haven't really been
doing much but looking back at Barack
again he seems to be behind but he's
holding a pair of glasses can you guys
see how small these glasses are compared
to the size of his hands like I don't
know whether it's saying something about
his hands or about the glasses I mean
like are they child's glasses and also
he does have an incredibly small head in
comparison to the rest of him so I don't
know whether this is just the the weird
proportions of Barack Obama and he does
have a small head and large hands and
small glasses for his small head or
whether the car will cut out is in fact
inaccurate so if anybody's ever met him
or knows from experience
Canha or if Barack himself is watching
this which I highly doubt then
definitely let me know guys cuz you know
he's obviously the new addition to our
family and he's obviously gonna be
staying in the kitchen for the rest of
our lives that's it for today I will see
you all tomorrow hopefully for some more
exciting stuff going on the last couple
of days I've just been totally like
exhausted and busy and just busy but not
doing anything interesting
busy sorting and tidying and organizing
and all that kind of boring stuff but I
will see you all tomorrow bye
