good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day 23 these guys Oh what was that Mike
get ready for what these guys are
properly snugly on the sofa I am running
bath because in our bathroom here we
don't really have a shower so I'm
running a casual morning bar because
it's Christmas but I can do that I don't
remember the last time I had a bath in
the morning
but I'm loving it I'm loving it oh yeah
last time I ate there so how come you're
the only dog that has to be washed
causing mischief and may have already
you get money paws all over the green
carpet okay you're not a good houseguest
these guys are good not a good
houseguest monstrous pooches we just for
now brunch with Mike's family and when
I'm not hot water bottle we're now in
the pound shop looking for every year
the boys get like a jokey present for
each other at the table and we forgot to
do it this yes so we're looking for some
kind of boy things things that we've got
previous years include monocles and
pipes so it better be something equal
comedy value not a Star Wars collection
box selection box look all four Suites
in here there's like more sweets than
I've ever seen in my life
every kind of sweet got to be something
what about like flat caps thing not
happening in here bath mats but these
are pretty great you could get old man
slippers you'll get them for the kids
there
yeah thermal insulated socks that's what
we need up north it's cold up here
it's recalled reason we're now in our
course trying to find the comedy their
value things I think some kind of comedy
mug but I don't think we're gonna have
one in August this is scraping the
barrel
he'd like a chalice towards the night
before Christmas Eve and all through the
house all the creatures were staring is
their naughty little monkeys it's quite
a bit later now because I'm feeling and
looking very disheveled as per usual we
didn't find anything in the shop skies
sad times we still have tomorrow but
let's face it I'm not going shopping
tomorrow it's Christmas Eve no maybe a
service station might have something we
kind of find the answer in a service
station we've just had the best day ever
we had Mike's hey Mike what's with that
camera
I always tell me whatever I was just
adjusting my talk because I like leaning
like this had it like constricting my
arm problem we've just had our first
Christmas our first Christmas dinner of
the year of the festive season with
Mike's family today so I didn't blow any
of it because it wasn't really vlog
friendly because it was like Mike's
family Christmas and we were having this
switch off we're having like your cuz
we're with my family on Christmas Day
hmm so we're having like a pre Christmas
Christmas a pre Christmas Christmas
I've got such a sore throat you know I
thought it was getting Illinois but it's
just a sore throat I could get at night
and in the morning and then I'm all
right I feel fine she's not annoying so
first I'm hoping it's not gonna develop
into something I think she's been a
Mardi bum you get the worst man flu what
about when did I last have the flu ages
ago but when you get it when Mike gets a
cold
g'way Cody stick it's true
so it's Christmas Eve tomorrow did you
know that did you know that my daughter
is crazier than any two brushes 32
minutes so windy today if people haven't
seen know just how you think they're not
gonna go very windy ammo yeah I'm sorry
we can share that how much did you go
outside during Barbara not much so like
it's a three-month my math three hour
walk not three hours yeah windy and
rainy it was that windy it was very
strong winds
Peggy loved it though she does have
little bowls under her armpits she's
very upset tough up robotized these and
northern people so it's the other thing
that is happening tomorrow we'll go back
down south and being reunited with my
fam so and we're going we're going to a
party and it's Christmas are we actually
going to church because last year we
didn't do shows no didn't didn't make it
I don't think we did oh you didn't we
didn't know we did I definitely I need
to watch vlog message I'm Jude and I
didn't lost you I did not make it's
Church yeah I didn't make it was stayed
at your uncle's getting crunk through
that or something was happening I'm
gonna rewire a watch and then inform you
tomorrow whether we did I like single
cop if you remember comment below and
see whether Mike goes right to Flo who
was right
we do have Wi-Fi assaulted by 5:00 today
so he's got Wi-Fi but yeah I think so
yeah I'm always right you think we won't
church I wouldn't have missed Church yes
I think you just but I think you did
what I know things I don't think
Ronnie wasn't in the cast come with it
your mom's cat scratch my toes today not
just cuz fighting with a little ribbon
he was like I love you P he loves
Pussycats
no she's also discipline one limp she
has I think she's a bit sore from the
other day and she's had off she had a
very long walk today sir yes bedtime
just shows my ingenious solution yes so
Mike's a little this last night piglet
was cracking sup she was literally like
and then she go
I also had the door then she go she was
like trying all of the emotions so Mike
came up with ingenious door blockage
technique of opening this door which is
like the storage cupboard door and then
opening the boiler cupboard door to
block the corridor because that's the
bedroom and that's where they're
sleeping even though they could yeah
they could push it open but this means
that they can't it's basically the best
invention ever
it's gonna be it for today guys we'll
see you tomorrow for Christmas Eve
Christmas Eve you know what I'm gonna do
because it's almost Christmas I'm gonna
put the jingle now as well so we have
two jingles in the rock I mean it's just
crazy somebody's
