hey guys so it's April vlog day 22 and
today I have been editing and kind of
trying to get my April vlog
black-on-black on track back on track
all day it's actually the 24th not the
22nd because I didn't film on Sunday I
kind of just totally forgot and then
when I remembered when I got home from
Norfolk I wasn't really doing anything
interesting so I thought I'll do a tag
video today and put it up today and then
after today I'm back on track
coming at you in April so I apologize
firstly for that and then secondly for
my hair which is scraped up literally
into a top knot because I've been
editing and doing all sorts of kind of
catching up and tidying up and generally
getting my life back to normal after
being in New York I just threw my hair
up and I'm also getting it done tomorrow
which I'm really really excited about
I'm going for a cut and color at Geary
green in London which I am really
excited about cuz I've heard amazing
amazing things about that salon yeah my
roots are awful actually my hair looks
really dark brown one you can't see the
blonde oh well hope you guys don't mind
too much anyway I'm gonna be doing the
ten little secrets tag which was started
by Sammy or Beauty question she actually
tagged me in her original video about I
think it's about five weeks ago now and
I still haven't done it and everybody's
done it and I really like it so I'm
gonna do it so the first question is
what is one product that makes you feel
like a million dollars and for me that
would have to be my Chanel rouge
lipstick in famous now this was actually
from the Christmas collection this year
and it's pretty much the only red
lipstick that I wear well that I like to
wear anyway it looks like this it's
actually crushed at the end because Joey
or Joey Graceffa when I did my makeup
kind of spoof thing on this channel I'll
link it information bar below if you
haven't seen yet he used this because he
basically like had my makeup bag I
wasn't very happy about him using this
but it was the only colored lipstick
that I had so I was like be careful with
it and he was super careful with it the
whole time like he wasn't super careful
with it he was obviously like drawing on
my face with it but this is a total side
note by the way guys he actually didn't
like turn it all the way in before he
shut the lid so it's a little bit
deformed but I still love it it's
basically a deep red but it has almost
like a pink shimmer to it it's so so
pretty and it just makes me feel really
glam and kind of sophisticated when I
wear it number two what is your skincare
secret /a passed down skincare tip for
me it has to be it's not passed down
it's what I've learnt and it's what I've
learnt whilst being a blogger or a
vlogger or whatever you want to call me
general online person I have tested out
so much skincare in the last
two-and-a-half years since I've been on
YouTube and blogging and to be honest I
think my top skincare tip for anybody is
to find what suits you and stick with it
I do switch things up occasionally now
but generally I try and stick to the
same skincare on a regular basis I don't
change anything every month change my
skincare routine which is what I was
doing before right every month but every
time a new product will come along with
something that I like that I wanted to
try out I would just try it out and it
really started to take its toll on my
skin and since going back to being a bit
more loyal with my skincare products and
using less of them as well I find that
you don't need 10 million products on
your skin for this and that I think it's
good to keep it simple generally I will
have something to cleanse my skin and
then have a moisturizer in an SPF I
don't really use toners ideas the
quarterly beauty spray more as a kind of
makeup setting and kind of refreshing
your face during the day things like
that like I don't use a ton of different
masks I don't use two different kind of
like evening treatments and things like
that I've tend to kind of stick with
what I know and what I love and I might
do it skincare video if you guys want to
see that I know a lot of people have
been asking about it recently number
three what is your haircare secret it's
not really a secret but my favorite
thing to do my hair and I find that you
know it is actually incredible not that
my hair says much for it today
but it's the United seven seconds
leave-in conditioner which - nearly
dance and he's gonna buy another one
this isn't so secret because I have
mentioned it a few times but it's one of
those products that even though I
mention it in the occasional video it's
the one of the things that actually I've
stayed you
consistently for a very very long time
thanks to my third bottle now yeah so
it's one of those things that stays in
my kind of daily routine but I probably
don't mention it too often cuz you guys
will get bored of it number four what is
your biggest diet rule I don't really
have diet rule
I'm very kind of inconsistent if I
decide to go on a healthy eating diet
and things like that I try really hard
to do it but one of the main things that
I've kind of kept up in my healthy
eating regime I kind of go if you guys
watch my video I think it was almost a
month ago now about my healthy eating I
am still doing that but I do kind of
flip between fats of what I like and
what I don't like but one thing I do
stick to or I have been sticking to for
quite a while is to try and avoid fizzy
drinks now if I'm away I've been in New
York's I have been drinking fizzy drinks
when I was there but at home I don't
tend to buy them or have them in the
house and I tend to go for water or
coconut water instead which is way more
healthy than drinking coke number five
any workout tips absolutely none I'm
awful at motivating myself working out
and all fall at sticking to a regime if
I've got any tip at all it would
probably be to try and make it as
interesting as possible so you don't get
bored because I get so bored number six
what is your perfume is your secret
weapon and I actually love this question
because I have the perfect answer not
only is it a weapon and it's kind of
secret because it's actually a men's
fragrance but my secret weapon perfume
is Spice bomb which you guys haven't
seen this this is the guy's version of
Victor on Roth's flower bomb it's meant
for guys but totally unisex I think I
wear I love it's really spicy yummy and
it's in the shape of a grenade so secret
weapon do you get where I'm going with
that cringe number seven show us an item
of clothing of yours which always turns
heads and this is actually quite an old
one
it is my Kenneth Cole bright pink Mac I
don't actually wear this that often
anymore
think about it three years ago now I
still really love it but it is bright
raspberry pink so it definitely turns
heads I think I'm gonna wear it more
this spring I think I might dig it out
and kind of find a few things to pair it
with but yes that is my most head
i sum of clothing number eight what is
your most treasured piece of jewelry and
I've put it on for this video it's
actually this bracelet that Mike got me
for my 21st
um I love it because he didn't ask me
about it at all he kind of got it off
his own back he chose it all by himself
and I absolutely loved it I just think
it's so simple and classic and I don't
actually wear it on an everyday basis
because I used to kind of keep it for
when I was like going to special parties
and stuff but I might actually start
wearing it kind of day today now cuz you
know I don't go to that many special
parties so don't get to wear it that
often I think that's kind of sad so I've
got it on now and I think I'll probably
leave it on for the foreseeable future
we'll see whether I like wearing
everyday or not numbered on who is your
style crush totally have an answer for
this and it's a fairly recent obsession
but I want everything that she owns I
want to look like her in all of her blog
pictures she's amazing it's Blair from
Atlantic Pacific blog I will link it in
the formation bar below she just has the
most incredible style the most
incredible figure she's beautiful and
just generally she does look so stylish
on her blog and I she makes me want to
buy everything that she has and a lot of
stuff that she has is really expensive
and I can't afford to buy it but she
just makes me want everything and it's
probably really bad a bad influence on
my shopping behavior but yeah I love her
blog so if you haven't seen that before
go check it out I know her blog is
pretty popular anyway so a lot of you
might have seen it but numbers her and
tell us something we don't know about
you and this is one that I haven't
prepared so I'm probably gonna have a
massive mind blank okay I thought of
something and it's I think I might have
mentioned this before actually in a kind
of tag video maybe two years ago but it
is the fact that I'm a little bit shy
and not many people would think that
because I make videos like this on
YouTube for some bizarre reason but in
real life when I first meet people I can
be a little bit shy and yeah so I think
I don't really like about myself either
I wish I wasn't shy because I think it
holds you back in situations sometimes
like if you're in a situation where you
can network because people I'm all full
of that because I'm just like
so that is it for my 10 little secrets I
forgot the name of then my 10 little
secrets tag I think that beauty crush
tags so many people in this I don't know
who she tagged I don't know who she
hasn't tagged and loads of people have
already done it so I don't tag anyone in
particular but if you want to do it I
would love to see your answers leave
them as a video response if you do it
and I tag you I'll see you all tomorrow
guys bye
