hey guys so it's April vlog 21 and today
I am actually in Norfolk with lots of
girls I'm with Lucy and gesture sitting
here and Alex and Alex and we are going
to be doing Come Dine With Me this
evening so we're just picking names out
of a hat and I just realized my face
really look does look awful on camera
and yeah we're gonna go to the pharmacy
and see if I can find something all the
time yeah it's not looking too hot so
lysse is writing down
yeah okay and pick out those names once
you find this pot there is nice okay so
you gotta pick pick a name and that'd be
your partner okay so just I hold them in
your hands so wait how are we doing this
you pick a name out of your partner
Bailey
okay that'll be me a flower that's cool
to me okay
and then I've got Aries exciting us and
then and then we pick the course I don't
fit the course so my pupils yes one is
main course affects any two things okay
so Lizzy and I tonight we're gonna be
cooking main course I know you guys are
so savory with web sweet also
yeah keep watching guys we want to see
what we cook tonight
and if you want to see my whole face
blow up inviting us
we're at the beach now and we just mean
Alex and Jessa just up there a
professional bum okay and Lucy and I are
discussing what we're going to kirkq
later sh we walk and we think we've
decided on we're doing homemade macro
pate for a starter with Molly it may be
smaller and homemade melba toast as well
which would be pretty good and then
we're going we're gonna do this is
listening speciality I think it's
chicken breast with boss for salmon
wrapped around it yeah
so we're so gonna win it's gonna be
amazing and we went to the pharmacy and
put this thing on my bike and now it's
kind of swollen up into a big red does
it look better than it did so like the
bumpiness is gone but it's gone red and
smaller people I think people are gonna
freak out when you say like what is
wrong with your face
I'm quite concerned about it too guys
but oh well it's the weekend can't go to
the doctor so oh we can't blow out the
beach now yeah I'm going to show you the
sea we're in Norfolk we're actually
we're in them where are we now we've
been in burn and market but we're very
safe
we're Burnham / East 8th they say oh
yeah okay
oh no Holcomb yeah yeah I love hope
isn't it I can see the sea oh babe like
a bitch fancy seeing you two here
have you decided what you're gonna cook
cuz just gonna stir out there we are
gonna beat you wake up your I feel like
you might break your leg or something
Jess it might not be it's actually nice
I'm surprised it's not raining I really
thought I was near a height wise I have
this is Jeff Bailey taking over the
flood the vlog YouTube channel we're
doing our Come Dine With Me out with
Jess yeah we are we thought we'd
introduce what we're doing okay so we're
doing Oh Vicky was doing a YouTube thing
right so it's normal it is show us what
we have roasted roasted baked bait with
the wine bar so mcfinnegan
what do we have here jams tutorial yeah
yeah
I'm gonna do a cake I'm just gonna be
like I should chakra - you know one of
these cameras doing here - this is
birthday yeah
since it's gonna be thrown okay so this
is what it looks like now in another 40
minutes you're gonna have a lot of be
okay and that we've got like smart and
quite used to decorate it
okay guys so for our appetizers before
the start it's give me a long wheel
Lizzy and I have made homemade macro
passe it does look like tuna mayonnaise
just right now
it's not it's homemade maximal sayin
it's delicious
we have loads left over we can have that
tomorrow and olives and then we also
have a glass of champagne aged a nice
touch we thought so we're gonna see what
the girls think now I think I might be
able to film and we're gonna see what
their reactions we have we have a nice
glass and birthday
right okay so this is our review of the
starter okay right
it's macro pates nearly done without my
guts
right okay so presentation presentation
average taste was pretty good so taste
was good actually them at us really good
yeah
oh that's 489 a brands is quite crispy
there was a little bit of a burn core
and one of my piece service well we were
given a glass of champagne straight away
were the way quite good they bought the
others yeah the shop makes it work not
quite myself with a four with the fact
that they Serbs we give them 100 yeah
okay so for for the bonus but we're
gonna give because Missy twice that she
can we live in her garden I pretty was
not through talking wait then it goes
about this was six when the fact that we
had champagne with it then the Pontiac
close the macro I would say was about
and that yeah we're going wow something
they want even nine so if we average
that out what about the bread and the
bread was pretty good for that was shot
ball they find it toasted in they put it
in a toaster
so we give them that I think that a bit
higher
exactly you know I don't think how much
work I skated into making a mac for
patty it's all you do is mash up
mackerel yeah
Lynn even they forgot the lemon juice
yeah and they've got the pepper pepper
essential part of the whole thing so I
get back to this yeah somewhere overall
we're going for a it's a very January 7
so jess maple sauce tomato sauce always
come like roasted tasted well my
calendar with Brad and lovely balsamic
II onions which artists good we put
honey in it thinking that helped didn't
didn't put some on we put some bass out
I can thank you to make it a bit more
Pro but then we put some herbs on Mike
actually foul all right so what are we
gonna do is we're gonna hide them in the
bin
they smell onions and they were actually
not onions that was the smell of the
camera yeah we'll just give them
chutneys death anyone you barely got the
same that add honey right awesome have
the evidence here is our finished
product we had a bit of a this ones had
a new key disaster but here is our baked
camera bear with time on a voice so guys
come on through guys we've got a special
little surprise for wearing excited over
to chef constantly disheveled reaction
film the reaction guys yeah okay guys so
we just got back from eating we just got
back we didn't really recent came out of
the other room from eating Jess and
Alex's starter in which was baked
cameras with baguettes and a little bit
Chinese how I did Bakley was homemade
but I think I wasn't home and it was
definitely our jobs you had that already
I had it for breakfast so um I actually
loved it like you could tell well really
love baked camembert that was like such
a good one for us too but they didn't
actually cook it themselves really you
know where they like it when it's not a
fake it so they basically just baked the
camembert and then the bread wasn't
obstacles and homemade like that would
have been a serious effort yeah they
didn't actually like make me anything
really good I was gonna come so I was
leaving my
and be like that was amazing yeah but
they didn't what you're thinking about
pate I think we we made manage that we
have to blend it find all the
ingredients so all the ingredients all
ingredi
so I think a seven would be a fair mark
I say no I think maybe can you have
seven and a half
no I think I think that's too high
honestly do but it was really good but
they didn't cook it like it doesn't take
much effort or I just put the camembert
but they did make tape then there's good
eats maybe I may see hi mate I don't
know babe I just think sevens like a bit
like kind of average no this average is
like five no my way hive is harsh if I
get a five I think I'll cry I name yeah
Jess I'm you might not give you five I'm
quite set on seven I think seven is a
fair marks everyone half okay so we're
gonna give them seven and a half so like
right pretend there's a little hotter in
there for the Bates calm down yeah slush
okay guys the main course is ready I
think they're gonna be blown away right
I shall take you let's take it and then
explain what it is to them at the table
so they don't hear before they see it
right some chicken and amazing Parma ham
with time Oakley Rosario salted roast
potatoes and broccoli and leek
foolish-looking is before you've done
better
first impressions Kronos thumbs up
hi guys hi
so we just had the main course yeah you
guys know you know what it is so what do
we think of it right
I thought right presentation was ok I
thought its average wasn't particularly
snazzy no the broccoli that's like the
big bits of broccoli were quite big and
it was really pissed bit big bits of
lead too big
that the taste taste-wise chicken was
really good that you're cause I used a
soft but there was loads of time on it
I liked the time potatoes I thought were
really salty
they were very salty I did add salt to
my background but even so they were
pretty so yeah it was a very big portion
and sometimes you don't need that much
on your plate actually no that's awful
I really enjoyed it Tom let's give it
well III think that's quite tasty we're
gonna break up putting those things yeah
I'll put these gonna get a terrible mosh
okay okay we're gonna give it a rating
oh so we had a bit of a disaster today
this is okay I think we tried pretty
hard we decorate dinner we've just been
told it doesn't look like chocolate and
she also said that presentation is one
of the key criteria so we went with it
I think it's all about taste while in
the presentation and to be honest they
can't talk that big profit you know what
there's crunchy on that so I'm she does
candle there's milky bar buttons to use
they're calling it the mudslide the
mudslide okay well obviously we're
lighting the canvas this is birthday as
well
when there's enough fun stuff I'm not
gonna lie guys it's the cake is actually
black right
it's that chocolatey the actual change
going around so we can know where to
look it does look good I like either
time and Milky Bar buttons pull out way
which so we just finished our dessert
I'm so full I'm so full this meal has
been stretch over about four hours idea
yeah much and I've got to say I was very
impressed cuz I don't normally I feel
like I have chocolate cake around my
mouth and I think I really do but I
don't normally like to up the cake like
I thought I could don't normally eat it
but you know what they made such an
effort it was really late so what's very
lovely but I love it when it came out
was just like I would say for display
purposes that potentially it was not the
highest of my presentation yeah yeah it
was almost like one of those kind of
Gypsys teeth and everything thrown all
yeah crunchy and Smarties I thought was
really lovely and it tasted great it was
actually amazing cuz it wasn't it was
like a like a heavy quest auntie Kate
but it wasn't too sickly
no I actually liked it I don't know oh
oh my god this is so listening yes so
listen what we're saying right now I
think no I won't admit to her maybe
eight nine nine eight I think with other
side so we're gonna all of them and
that's an eight isn't it an eight for
their pudding we just watch the footage
back
in hysterics because I like suggest I
should pretty bitchy to be honest means
I think it was mean on camera point out
yeah jeff says raining she isn't even
mean or realize no we've just watched
the footage back in it was absolutely
hilarious but how can I announce the
winners the real winners Jeff isn't be
ours
yeah what do you think you're a bit
harsh Jeff yeah I think by I said this
all along my thing that you what I mean
well obviously about the backstabber yes
Kristen you know I think we want my
default is I think honestly probably
should have given you make wasn't a
because it was really good a8 and they
didn't have a fair point in fact that we
didn't do much when it came to just
putting a camembert in the oven we had
that she made onion soup which are now
hiding in the bedroom because baby
thought be goes for honey in with them
and also for my fault it didn't taste
good and you know it was a terrible
disaster so yeah but but it's been fun
playing come on
I do feel slightly sick Natalie because
I've eaten but that is it for a
prolonged day 21 I'll see you tomorrow
hope you enjoyed it
