guys so it's April vlog day 20 and in
case you guys didn't notice this log is
a little bit late going up it was my go
up on the twentieth of a province
actually now the 23rd so I'm running a
little bit late but there is a reason
for it I actually went to Norfolk this
weekend and whilst I was meant to film
this giveaway video on the 20th we left
on the twentieth and I meant to take the
prize with me so I could film it there
and I forgot so I'm a little bit behind
on schedule but I hope you guys forgive
me I have had a little bit jet lag so
I'm feeling a bit weird but it's kind of
getting better now so hopefully i'll be
back on track in a few days anyway the
prize that I have I actually picked up a
few different things sorry I'm not even
holding the camera straight today I
picked up a few different things that I
thought you guys might like when i was
in new york and i'm gonna do a giveaway
with them so first of all you probably
want to know what you can win well here
is the makeup bag that I've put
everything in the makeup bag is actually
a kind of gauze pink just a little zip
top makeup bag which is from Sephora
which I picked up so I really really
like ghouls makeup bags I have a big one
myself and I really I like them because
you can see through the me see
everything that you've got and then
inside here you can win a covergirl
LashBlast 24-hour edition version
whatever it's called mascara the black
one which i've also been trying and I do
quite like an empire still undecided you
could also when a sephora nail buffer
which i discovered this when I was like
on the first day I think and they're
amazing like I was a big fan of the
normal to foreign l buffers but these
ones are actually like handle shape so
they're kind of like an ergonomic design
where you can grip them and file a nails
at the same time really really good so
you can win one of those and then I also
picked up a couple of Essie nail
polishes which you can get these like
you can definitely get them in the UK
and pretty sure you can get them in most
countries but there are a lot more
expensive in the UK so I picked up a
couple of these and these are the luxe
affect one's so first of all I got this
really gorgeous shimmery silver color
which if I can focus on that probably
not and then i also got
a cut above which is a really pretty
pink lyssa which looks like that and
then I also picked up a full of the
Maybelline Baby Lips lip balms which you
can win and then finally last but not
least is a palette from Inglot which I
have filled with five eyeshadows and I
don't know if the new york hall that i
did with Nikki will actually be up yet
is going up on my beauty channel I'm
pretty sure it won't go up for this
video because I have another video that
I have to put up from New York before
then but these colors are basically the
same as the ones that I picked up so
inside here as you can see you have five
different eyeshadows and if you have
never tried engler I shadows before they
are incredibly pigmented and gorgeous so
you've got five of those in there as
well and that is the prize so if you
would like to win all you need to do is
write a comment on this video telling me
out of all the things that we did in New
York which would you most like to do or
which was your favorite you can antoon
if you live in New York and you've done
all the things that we did just let me
know either which is your favorite thing
to do if you've been to New York or
which looks the most fun of all the
things that we did now please only enter
once per account if you enter more than
once I'll just delete the comments and
won't count them the giveaway is going
to be open for seven days and even
though this is technically the 20th blog
it's actually gonna be going up on the
23rd so the giveaway will close on the
thirtieth of April at midnight GMT I
will announce the winner in the next
vlog the day after that so it'll be up
if you just keep watching my vlogs it
will be announced in that and I think
that's pretty much everything I have to
say if there's any more information
about the giveaway I'll put it
information Pablo it's open
internationally anyone can enter um
glider blood blah I can't remember
anything else that I need to say but it
will all be an information while below
if I forget anything apart from that I
hope you guys are having an amazing day
and I will see you all tomorrow ah
