hey guys so it's the very last day in
New York and I'm so sad to be leaving
nikki is actually still here she's just
downstairs printing off her boarding
pass but as you can see my suitcases
there my other suitcases there and we
have just spent the morning packing we
actually making actually woke up super
early so we've been kind of chatting all
morning and then we just went for
breakfast with Tanya and chairman said
goodbye to them which was really sad and
they're going on to LA as well so I'm so
jealous but we're about to do some
filming and film a whole video because
we we wanted to do a whole video with
all of us but because there was so many
we kind of didn't really work out how to
do it so Nikki and I are gonna film a
whole video we're gonna do a beauty haul
on my channel I think and a fashion haul
on her channel so that's cool and then
we are headed off for a little bit of
last-minute shopping and then I go to
the airport I've had like the most
awesome week in New York and I really
really don't want to leave like as much
as I want to get home and see Mike and
Worth I'm kind of like really kind of
gutted to be leaving because it's just
gone so fast but I find it's always like
that with holidays like they always go
so much faster than you think and they
feel like they never happened as soon as
you get home but that's what I'm doing
today I'll try and do some vlogging oh
look who's at the door who could this be
okay so obviously Mickey's back now
we're gonna do some filming so I will
see you in that video if you want to go
and watch it probably won't be up for
just but I'll put it up eventually hey
guys the worship early having the last
dinner
I truly I said Chipotle in a very
American accent by soft actor and steak
and lots of stuff in it that I can't
even begin to say and Nikki makes me
like a veggie version tasty so this is
the last time you go you guys are going
to see Nikki until June probably
yeah I guess I will see you guys either
in the Apple or on the outside
hey guys so I'm home yay and look who I
found
did you miss me this much way more than
that and I just gave my kiss present do
you like it it's very much everyone
squats if I didn't show everyone in the
box in case you're watching let me get a
better angle I got Mike these awesome
shorts I thought they were your kind of
style though they do look like you've
been painting in them already and they
were Ralph's around so the dog and cat
love them whoopee did you miss everyone
oh I missed you will be I missed you but
we are having a couple of people round
for the nurse I think Lisi and Alex oh
this is ringing so that's gonna be it
for today guys I'm sorry today and
yesterday were coming by and I basically
like lost five hours when I was on the
flight so Mike's playing us in here yeah
I basically I can't concentrate when I
was on the phone I'm like listening yeah
I lost five hours of the flight so I
kind of have ended up sleeping a lot
today because I was I'm an overnight
flight and they were like five kids
surrounding me so I got onto the plane
and there was these kids like babies
through to about ten so all the ages of
kids either talking really loudly
kicking seats crying and I was like okay
for an overnight flight this is gonna be
hard work but the couple next to me I
was in like the four middle seat
actually ended up moving because of the
kids and I was like I can deal with this
I'll just put um I'll just put my
headphones on and like watch movie and
try to fall asleep but they ended up
moving so I ended up having to seat so I
could curl up and go to sleep I had my
eye mask I had my headphones in and I
slept for about four hours I think so I
was pretty happy with that but I've been
so tired today I've been literally like
a zombie and I've just woken up so
jetlag is kicking in whew I'm gonna be
doing a giveaway for a couple of things
that I bought when I was in New York I
think I'm gonna do that video tomorrow
so if you guys are interested in winning
a couple of things that I bought when I
was there then make sure you check this
channel tomorrow for a giveaway and I'm
gonna go now because I'm just by the
door I just thought I would show you
guys the rain can you see that you know
if you could see it but you can sure
hear it it's raining back
to the rain back to England but I'm
happy to be with Mike and Wolf again so
I will see you all tomorrow bye
