hey guys so it is day it's low the last
day pretty much I see I need lace than
everybody else why the point of another
day it was pretty much the last day of
you I'm here with Tom Jim Alison and
Ingrid and Nikki have just got back from
the loo
how nice and we just had like this
massive buffet breakfast I feel like in
all of my bloggers like it's Tony's
first time doing this pancakes fruit had
bacon and sausage and I don't think I'm
gonna need much luggage but we're going
shopping today which is highly exciting
as well and then we're going to the met
and we are going to get into the met
today we're like determine we've been
like I feel like with yeah it's fate
we're not meant to be I feel like we're
gonna break this break yesterday right
things back okay guys so we're just
shopping like about kind of a Halloween
off Fifth Avenue and we spotted this
Japanese sweet shop kidding me and they
have so many different kinds of mochi
oh my god I've never seen so many
Japanese sweets in like one place a
Japanese bakery I have to get some
actually you have to get look at the
bunnies mochi mochi mochi
I got comfort flavor and cherry flavor
and Jim's gonna try them yeah I've never
even tried it is not very nice I love it
it's like my favorite thing in the world
I've know you like you like food
I have faith the gym right so we're back
at the met
third time lucky hopefully is gonna be
open we're gonna go in and we're gonna
check it out so we're over filming right
now we're in the Matt my museum I don't
like his film scanner so aggressive the
people working out they yeah so much
sheltered let me come across the river
bank Museum museum ninjas I'm only
filling Jim's face it's not like there's
any artifacts well that the Seder Jim is
gonna try for the first time ever most
of them I'm giving him that I think this
is a Thai food do one but it's quite old
it
it's bread being they do have a choking
hazard attached to them sometimes
seriously they actually date right yeah
I've never had a flat one like that but
I'm gonna change them a little we like
him I'm gonna zoom in I'm not gonna like
show me a little bit Jim on there you
see it yeah what do you think first
impression you think you want to eat it
no everybody feel like want to mold
enemy okay you try it okay you can mold
it if you want tasty yeah yeah
little bit like chewing gum no no go
anywhere really do you like it
I couldn't help it well it's quite good
yeah so it's like a wedding thumbs up I
think yeah I think any feeling lower and
you got having the fillings really good
the fillings weird yeah yeah time you
try and the mixin section thing I
haven't tried this it's not the most
flattering angle I have to by the way
guys cuz I'm Co but you know okay do you
not like I'm trying idea Ingrid likes it
I know they like no cheese no the
community hmm make sure you dribble on
it before the next person has it you
should have tried the cut I ate no you
are gonna try it
Nikki you try it come on try for YouTube
yeah you come on take one for the team
Nikki come on do it it's sweet
just try it come on you can switch it
out but you can spit it out you got it
tastes good right and really I like
because it's sweet you're gonna try out
a scent oka okay guys so we just come
out of the mat which is behind us it was
actually so who I'm here with Nikki we
are looking for the others and there's a
lot of people saying on the steps of the
met right now
anyone sport ingrid Jim Alison and Tonya
no yeah but we just we went into the
gift shop and because we both got some
books I actually picked this cute book
and I know this is kind of silly because
I got related to the math but the Gospel
according to my Chanel so I think it's
like it says life lessons from world's
most elegant woman it's all about the
success and passionately whether I
thought of this sounded like an
interesting one to read on the plane on
the way home and Nicky got an awesome
book about new school it just says that
he and it's basically like pictures of
New York which I really want to anyways
but they're all out of like famous
movies or music
yeah it's cool and you can see them wet
oh yeah right in front of us there they
are guys whose dementia what they're
doing
hey guys so it's a bit later now we're
just on our way out for dinner
here is the gang it's very dark in the
hallway we're going out for dinner at a
place called Scheuer
which got recommended by a few people I
think you got it Scott I don't even
really know what kind of food is but it
looks good we're about to film an outfit
video for Jim's channel wish which I am
really excited about every weird you got
I'm you do guy stuff you know what are
you just well they all know that you
know see how about guys gonna check out
Jim's channel that thanks very night
okay so this is where we're going for
dinner it's pretty cool it's open to you
I wonder if the others are here yet we
recognize it's pink
that's okay guys I wasn't expecting this
I just opened up the menu and you want
to demonstrate Allison oh my gosh and
favorite normal menu I'll wash it I
order
hey Nikki's just arrived do you want do
you want my knees see what you want
choose a cocktail
I miss Tonya's reaction it was basically
like this is so cool I can't wait to see
what the food is like Neal I thought I
would take a leaf out Jim's book because
he just did this in his video thing Phil
and ask everybody what their favorite
part of the week is you around seeing
Anton worse than your favorite thing
yeah
yeah initial first trip to America says
it has it exceeded your expectations
what about you Ingrid that was good
besides I like it
Alison laughing you're funny there's so
many good ones that probably say the
Hard Rock Cafe that was an experience I
pronounced I think I met with all these
toys like yeah but never get to see you
guys though
oh I'm Nikki Nikki's like busyness very
very busy I stupidly too busy for us and
it's table right now anyways yeah okay
because I was really interesting like
what
like what I hoped it was the first part
yeah
and my favorite thing is going to be
number one it was amazing to get to me I
love to but the meetup we actually got
to chat for long with everybody which I
really wanted to do a high mass but it
was number two obviously the shopping
with this I am a total shopping beam
number three shake chat with all you
guys it was amazing
hey guys so our sausages arrived and I
took they've got to vlog it before I
tucked in but it's amazing I got the
truffle black truffle pizza it's
definitely not a starter portion like
that is like a whole pizza but it's
amazing and Nikki just tried them and
she likes truffle which we were not
expecting I was expecting either so they
don't like
I would like to write I like it it's
really good we're teaching Mickey the
ways of the world and food was actually
bad palette which is poisoning Tom got
the same thing so jamming class sharing
that and then Ingrid got their
mozzarella and tomato which is it good
food food food food this is the scallops
foreigners also yes good choice good
choice
look at these sweet potato fries very
eliminate asparagus Nikki got the same
as they was all for salsa and onion
rings which Rena
there are mind me of what you know we
have to throw that poop and get them
over there yeah
Anton's just tried this what do you
think tannins house and I'm gonna go eat
mine now so I'll see you later
so in the end of evening out we can
shake Jack again go to shake minute yeah
this is like half shakes enough for me
cuz we had a passage in there it'll
taste if you're like oh good
the trophy it's really good good but
this is our loss like meal
Tanya's gonna be leaving first thing in
grits leaving like tonight pretty much
Jim's leaving with Tanya Madison's
eating fussing and then mid Nikki at
left till lunch I've got to be with her
oh my god waiter films and videos
tomorrow morning together I think is
everyone else believing us say goodbye
to all these guys
