talk to smiling
it is April day
ages 16 17 16 4/16 in New York day six
and today tan Jim and Jim Joyce you told
scripts my cameras are going on we start
line the new area which goes right past
the satchel
and I actually blog like the whole of
going to the Sea Island and other side
enlarges and you want to see that and
definitely go check out my last year's
box but Don and Jim hadn't done yet so
I've come with them today and the other
girls have gone to top of the rock and
we're hopefully gonna meet them at the
met later on I don't know if we might
run out of time though it's kind of
annoying but I really want to do that
again helicopter there you can get like
helicopters I think I've eaten together
look at this guy's massive gone look at
the Coast Guard's gone
it's quite a small Gurney's call that it
is the most beautiful day again and you
it's so what today I think today is like
the hottest day my fight is like wow she
even was today I get the worst reactions
I don't want to call my camera beside
the boat as I drop that the worst
reactions to bite so I think it like so
gross but I think it like turned it's
like a blister overnight and I must have
scratched it and item basically took
this you know and now it's just like a
big crater in my face which is not very
cool and it's like we probably and it
kind of hurts but I've really intrigued
us to what fit me I'm pretty sure it was
something everyone thinks but in my
favor bedbugs
I'm pretty sure it wasn't bedbugs I
think I got the bike when we were at the
meetup so like why Central Park I'm not
entirely sure what it could have been I
didn't like you know when it fit me but
because the whole berries like
because I'm vlogging I can see like when
the bump comes up and I know that it was
like right after they meet up that I got
a tiny little red mark and it got bigger
anyway
I'm going to show you guys because it
looks awesome primitive like the
financial district
the coast guard with the gun is really
freaking me out like how big under to me
oh my god and this is Ellis Island
Museum
you guys have fallen
she is
losing right in on housing
such a nice day I feel like I wanted to
have a holiday
hey guys again so we just got off the
ferry from Staten Island hope you guys
enjoy the view we are walking through
the financial history now and we are on
our way to South Street Seaport which I
thought would be a cool place to take
Tania and gem is this kind of touristy
but it's kind of cute and there's the
Bath & Body Works there but was the one
that we were trying to find yesterday
was closed down
oMG Jim the the one we were trying to
find yesterday in Soho closed down so
but on our way there I think we're about
to walk across Wall Street and exciting
me for you guys do you have a there for
I am drinking a nice caramel blended
coffee which I asked for the light
version this is blatantly not like it's
like ice cream it's like frozen it's
like a milkshake basically yeah I asked
for they're like light no I didn't get
it but it is so at the South Street
Seaport and their butts off do you
like the ship Stan
a big aren't they they like proper
old-school ships gyms vlogging in front
of me hey I wonder if Jim can see me
vlogging in the background this video
there's what South Street Seaport check
out Jim blogging it's such a play and
there's a bath and Bodyworks in there so
we're gonna hunt it down hunt it down
hey guys so I am in a cab with the
lovely it's a bit later now and I
totally like haven't vlogged very much
today we've been kind of running around
well you've been doing top of the rocks
yeah everyone about your day me I won't
even notice it it was really really
amazing so I did the Empire State
Building last year when I came but they
were the ones that they are like you
have to go chop the rock because there's
not like the bars or whatever and I will
say to anyone going to New York top the
rock was better you were right yeah this
is just classic and you can see the
Empire State Building as well yeah and
you can see the Chrysler Building
and so we did that then we tried to go
to the mat to meet up with them but it
was close which I think I think we're
like doomed to go to the mat because the
two times I was ready to go we have mail
to go the first man to you late
and then today it shut so we're kind of
on a cobbled Road in Soho now so there
are the cameras going to be a bit but
yes then we did live in a shopping and I
got this cheeky little denim dress that
I'm gonna wear tomorrow which I'm really
excited about to show you these shoes
that I got for spikes you might help
getting them out I think I got it he's a
mini is so cute mini converses these are
for speed they look so big I swear
squeeze like a giant oh you can't be for
sure yeah it's not gonna be cool when
he's like 21 though yeah so there's a
spike and I think he'll open safe
well he will I think I love them yeah we
did that and then we are on our way to
dinner now Alison actually stayed back
at the hotel
and studying because she has no finals
next week so we're meeting up with her
I've seen all day and yeah my bite is
getting even bigger look at this bad boy
it's hideous and some guy in a shop
asked me was like Oh what happened to
your face like did you eat something and
I was like no I didn't like I ate
something and it like that so this one
spot turns out of fate it's a good sign
I was telling her it's a good sign
because in all of the years that I had
like crazy acne and like eczema
no one ever stopped me and said anything
it's like I think it's a tipping is just
like one mass and well even though the
rest of my face is a case yeah well
we're all standing around we're going to
market cafe I think Ingrid chose it it's
called a fart of Janna Mach number so
I'll it's funky it's smells felt like
markets but it's Marc yeah
which is a Belgian restaurant
the menu looks amazing that's so much
seafood on that I feel focus and they
have like all these different
types of muscles which looks really good
so I'm very excited laughing tom is
about to try her first oyster Jim dinner
yesterday shrimp I becoming so America
we're behind I think you'll like that
gym lighter
yes and then we're not gonna shed like
huge place seafood
the Ingram ayats Tarzana just arrived oh
my god this is like my we have plans
here which is huge
we have oysters these were meant to be
crab legs but they're actually here to
be sea snails but we'll see how that
good I'm not kidding I am so so happy
with my choice right now jealous food
shellfish with vegetables in a saffron
was there in Scripture
and Nikki got the amazing French onion
soup have you tried amazing I love
French on this you I know salad looks
really good like goat cheese my
adaptability
Ingrid got muscles
wind checks which she's not really
allowed to you
Jim muscles
I'm switching between American English
like Alzheimer's
then go to Allison and I believe this
outfit and I will see you tomorrow this
time
