hey guys am i so much the same height so
it works you know it is day five
oh my god it's a five in New York and
Jim hello Tania and I are bright and
early and we're going up top of the rock
because I've actually done it before
Talan Jim obviously haven't because
their first time but I want to do it
again just because it's really awesome
and the girls are getting ready a little
bit later and getting ready to kind of
come to our meetup so we've gone out
separately this morning and then we're
meeting them up meeting them up
breathing's not meeting up with them at
before the meter and I've got really
tongue-tied now but it's really hot and
it's going to be raining today but it's
not absolutely not so yeah it's
definitely not and do I have anything
else to say I'm not sure if I do but I'm
excited for the Meetup and this is the
Rockefeller Plaza who's coming up to it
now so we're going up there somewhere
and we will see you in a bit this is
amazing
there's a Tony's reaction yeah honey
blog yeah see now you can see the river
and sometime you see what I mean yeah
it's a shame the visibility is a little
bit smoky but this is look this is like
the South Side of Manhattan
and the Statue of Liberty magazine and
Mantar on top of the rock and behind
this you can see yeah about the
buildings which is sounds favorite I'm
so hot it's electrically like it's like
10:00 in the morning and and I vibe with
you this morning at the hotel being like
candles and consoles raining because I
didn't without Simon look to my phone it
says new rail it looks like this and
it's amazing I didn't realize it was
such big like lakes in the park yeah
it's huge
I think the guy sounds like 800 acres
now where a ground level time so we've
just been into Magnolia Bakery which I
don't know if you can see because the
Sun is so bright but we had amazing
cupcakes which I will just show you but
I just wanted to add like the guy
serving and that was honestly such a
nice guy like the week yeah it was
proper a proper New Yorker and like a
stopper nice nice service - and my iced
coffee is very nice that he made me say
thank you to the man in back there
anything and we are we have like half an
hour to all we need to meet the girls
because we didn't hear back from the way
they wanted breakfast or not so I'm not
sure if part of my text messaging is
working I'm kind of worried about it oh
they're just ignoring me you know this
because they just hate us all
but we're going to pop back j-cruise
like about to open and we just want to
see if we can find them the faithful
pixie pants for Tanya so we're heading
back there really quickly and then going
to the meetup to read lots of people oh
my god this soap shop as well is really
cool we went in here last year and they
have like loads of really interesting
smelly stuff it's called rain but look
at these sheep like cool like why is she
they sell loads of like different
scented soaps and it's very cool so we
got the Pixies
we found them Jim didn't get any they
would look wrong on you shampoo Molly
they're too long for me in time I think
I'm not like they're just too long you
will love them they are like my boy so
I've worn them like every other day
since I got them I've obviously washed
them for all you people worried about my
hygiene out there but yeah I got another
pair because I won't because I wear them
so much and I also got a really pretty
bracelet because the j.crew jewelry is
amazing as well and time got racela
tuned we think we're gonna man time I'm
gonna do a whole Casper thing about
doing a pool with everybody but because
there's so many of us it's gonna be
really hard so we don't know whether to
do like a whole especially sweet girl
party yeah because we get up somewhat
earlier than everybody else - so we're
thinking about that we're probably going
to hit j.crew a bit later in Soho as
well because I've been searching for
this bracelet for lysse because it's her
birthday next week and I really I've
seen this bracelet and I really want to
get her on line but none of the shops
have had it so been essentially for that
and we're now going to meet up with the
girls
I think we need to cross that way and
then across yeah we're rushing now
because we're a bit late because there's
mics up on him j.crew so we're going to
me up with the girls and then going to
our meetup hey guys so I'm at the Meetup
and I just wanted to show you all the
lovely people that showed up this is
crazy so
we just finished up on it was also house
it makes up everybody
and how much did we love everybody this
much we can't even fit in the screen
everyone was amazing so thank you if he
came and met us thank you so much it was
so cool to meet you and we are now on
the subway going to so her because we
are going to meet a really awesome girl
at women at high mass yesterday who does
charity bracelets that we all love so
we're going to meet her for lunch which
I'm going to show mine see this pink
bracelet here awesome
we're going to meet her you've got your
son okay I've got my really really
pretty and also crisis your watch oh
yeah I know yeah so we're going to meet
them for by Soho and then we no more
shopping
yeah
yeah they said this is what the New York
subway looks like I always forget to do
like this is what that looks like
well I always thought myself and
everyone outwards so yeah this is the
subway it's kind of different to the
London and you but I had a similar the
same time this is this is a fine
specimen of Nikki Mazel sure she's
definitely a very rare breed Nikki tell
me on petitions I do this in LA it
doesn't go far though does it's like
yeah two big doorways Alison's just like
looking glam on the subway everyone else
like Ingrid's like the Tories like the
mum mummy Ingrid so we took a little bit
of a detour and we went to Chinatown and
now we are just walking becoming like
in-between Chinatown and so her which we
stay the same her last year so I'm
really excited to be back yeah in Soho
and doing some shopping and Ingrid and I
were just yet you're in the back of
everything Jim because you're just there
it's your vets just like in the back of
every video anymore and there's talent
turns like faces in there cuz we're the
same height but yeah so we're just
walking into Soho and we just got into a
chat about Bath and Body Works which is
in Soho so exercises together
Marguerite sanitizer yes which smelled
like mojitos did you have a nice trip
gem here I don't know whether I saw you
my feet tripping or that no like Germans
just trim so yeah we are going to go to
body wax today I don't know what he's
right there cuz I haven't run out of
anything since I last went there in LA
is there any new sentencing grid that
you would recommend
any like summary ones you may have to
come out with south because all the
winter ones are on sale when I was in
there yeah we got like loads of stuff
but we are in Soho now this is what it
looks like so it's really cool
I'm a big fan we stayed here for like
the whole time last year so it's cool
I'm glad to be back
I ordered the tastiest living food ever
and I got oysters and six clams which
I'm SuperDuper excited about Jim just
tried his first voice so what do you
think what did you like it yes
yeah I love them they look my favorite
I'm gonna eat this now
we're with see I'm Haley from my mouth
of a and awesome I'm gonna link that
website in the info bar below this video
but they sell these amazing bracelet for
charity I'm gonna like link everything
I'm yeah go and check out the website
anymore but but we just been choosing
bracelets they also
I like that also we met my Matt
yesterday so yeah I will I think we need
to do any more we're just going for
dinner now and I think Ingrid's gonna
burn my nose with this candle I'm a
little bit worried about the lighting
skills but we are in a restaurant called
spice market in Chelsea in New York and
it's incredible it's Asian fusion we
don't notice a federal yet we haven't
tried the food but then the ambience is
incredible apart from the candle burning
windows right now and the freaking so
this is what it looks like it's really
cool just got great atmosphere and the
tables look really cool okay so ingress
just discovered something on the menu
that we can't we don't know what it is
what is this the peekytoe crab if you
know what this is let us know it sounds
tasty though we might get it should we
get it yeah it sounds like some of it
had like a whole and
yeah yeah
pinky toe it's the peekytoe okay so our
tune again this is Julie everybody she's
going crazy for the brown eyes they are
particularly eyes you probably just tell
you guys I'm here with Julie team
I love that so much if you don't
initiate you probably do already at
Mickey you make the tutorials
right now but those channels are link
below and our food is here so we're
gonna eat it
hey guys so I forgot to mmm I forgot to
end my vlog and as you can see we're
back at the hotel now is Ingrid's on her
laptop Allison just checking out that
and I've just taken all my makeup off
and you may notice this huge red crater
on my face something has bitten me on my
cheek and it's like sore and itchy and
red and annoying so if you guys have any
tips for getting rid of this I don't
have any like specific things right now
but I don't know just like things that I
might have in my hotel room then let me
know had an awesome dinner where was it
the spice market yeah such a cool
restaurant the vibe was really cool food
was amazing we had the peekytoe crab
dump things that you will have just seen
which were so good they were like the
best thing which were amazing
yeah so we had a really cool day and I
will see you tomorrow
