it's day 4 and we are on our way to
climax which is so exciting working
about a film and out there today we're
just going to go on my channel which
should be good
I've been worried about finding
somewhere quiet and I feel like it's
really busy today because it's Saturday
but everyone is behind hi guys
and yeah well you guys I did some yeah
tiny did my makeup if you guys I'm so
excited about you doing it's like the
first time parties ever done my makeup
even though we like each other ages but
yeah right how can you got these from
the day like really nervous
it's going to be crazy
but it's been the most awesome
experience so if anyone came up to say
hi thank you so
nice to me all of you have my mark it's
like 20 times bigger this year than it
was last year Neil it's insanely big
like unreal and I don't even know who's
gonna get to do any shopping its money
the lines also
we came to me everybody said oh like
like British people coming off - yeah
yeah I'm gonna do like it's like patting
around and show you guys like the whole
of IMAX
so we have just left I'm at so I didn't
get to book too much in there cuz it was
crazy like we got to meet so many people
how are you feeling Ingrid no really
good force amazing it was so much my it
was so cool we got to meet like so many
subscribers and everybody was so lovely
I'm sure that we like a ton of pictures
on so many people a team picture and we
got to do a tiny tiny amount of shopping
but it was so long ago what I got to do
that's why I bought like a few brushes
yes so we're gonna go get some lunch out
to it also hungry but it's so beautiful
and sunny Jim needs a wee apparently so
you know obviously that's an emergency
but Jim is like you're a hero Jim Jim is
a hero to all of us he brought us all
water and he carried everyone's bags is
it the shoes that is so weird
hey guys so we use a little bit later
now actually we went and got some lunch
and originally we wanted sushi like we
were like desperately like so caring for
sushi and Alison and Nikki don't like
sushi so I think they went somewhere
else and then it turned out that we
couldn't we get sushi we ate so we were
maybe the most American like burgers
ever and now we're looking for a cab and
I kid you not because every we bought
like 20
there it's like they're all off-duty I
think it's six o'clock so must be like
the time that all the cats go off duty
but seriously like all the other times
in we've got been so easy to find like
taking a couple of minutes but now
there's like none I think it's good news
Russia happy none because we wanted to
go to Soho to meet I was in a Nicki
again so it was kind of like turned into
a bit of a disaster afternoon because
we've been walking so we just dr. j.crew
looking for the pixi pounds we couldn't
find the pigs pants but I found an
awesome belt I'll give you like a little
bit of a glimpse of it which might be
making an appearance in a hall I don't
know when I don't know who if anyone is
doing a hall or when it will be but it
might make an appearance so yeah we are
just walking is still nice and warm so
it's fine but seriously
no cabs no cab so just I think it's
sacredness 45 to 35 minutes and in that
time we decided that it was potentially
too late to go away I'm sober so it just
go back yeah so all around a general so
today our main things there's been Iran
so this isn't anything yeah but I wanted
to do something that's just so hard it
like yeah I'm so exasperated but I felt
like we maybe should go to the M&M yeah
we're back in Times Square again and
we're going to the M&M store it's so
busy in Time Square right now but the
M&M world is like the most awesome place
to go and I will show you inside that
because it's no tasty I think I shared a
mentor I like my loss is love anyway and
yeah but it's cool so I'll show you guys
again
Oh
Oh
okay guys so we've just got back to the
hotel room and we are opening some of
the gifts that some of our subscribers
gave us today and this is like crazy
it's like Christmas it's actually crazy
oh that's time we need to call tiny to
come down Tanya's here there John
Tonya's joined us and Holly's coming
it's like Christmas
did you see my job it's not the cutest
thing it's so cutest but I think it's
pretty happening see what I was like
meant to be worth I don't think she has
a name you know I'm named but I think
with my name huh I think willful of us
yes and okay present time yeah yeah we
just the lessers were like your sweetest
letters of all world and like amazing
Thanks and they wouldn't like this
little perfume sample in that but it's
all of these are from Frankie and
Charlotte so they call you and open them
thank you you guys I got a notebook I
figure I just took charge and started
sorry might open um I got a notebook
which is really cool because I have
actually been wanting a new a notebook
because I find I do better with like you
to listen journal yourself I'm saying
didn't you say in the video that you
like to turn on yeah no I am trying to
start turning again so and it's really
really pretty I like it a lot so got a
notebook and then I got jelly bellies
and this is exciting too because I
bought them but he doesn't love
chocolate but he loves jelly bean thank
you so much and then I'm okay yeah you
this is like a minute to gloss this case
it's awful they listen to the video I
know a funny case in and inside its
Richmond and it says Tanya we love you
so much love Frankie Charlotte PS you're
perfect anything like babies like I know
that's really nice is bracelet on here
with a bug that's so cute you love bows
yeah I love bows that has a dark knight
one yeah the glass identifiers these are
the presents a little llama a guide to
being a goddess as soon as I need this
like really badly it's on my dream I
have a clawfoot bathtub is that weird
Jesus Almighty I can't believe this you
guys all right yeah there's a child I'm
speechless and they've written in it
they've said for we adore you and your
videos thank you being such an
inspiration your loyal subscribers shell
and Frankie you guys are all so sweet
that's the cue that I have like so many
lectures as well it's just like amazing
Ingrid can talk on the phone of that eye
down where that yeah and you'll be like
super panda where my hand a half there
you go a drink I'm prepared a cup yes I
think I'm gonna end the fall panel okay
because at the end of the day it's the
end of the day what we don't even know
if we're gonna go out for dinner because
yeah we had such a late lunch the
milkshakes I know you had let me turn
around like in Chinese totally because
you have not she been in the boat guys
this is holly
it was username as Holly says hey and
she's the coolest go and you can check
out her channel coffee but like yeah
she's really cool you need to go check
out videos I'm gonna end the vlog here
but like I said we're just gonna get
milkshakes they don't know something
because I was so thank you guys like so
much especially to Frankie and Charlotte
for doing that like and it's like
incredible it's really made our day and
thank you to everybody it's what makes
me to worth it all the weird is called a
yeah the nice people all the smart
people and the genuine I like I'm so
overwhelmed like I'm gonna read all
those now
thank you guys so much I will see you
all tomorrow
