good morning guys
today we're starting a little bit later
than I wanted to it's not that late it's
about 11:00 but basically we were
supposed to be going up north today to
see Mike's family and Mike was walking
the dogs
consumer is going honey Mike was walking
the dogs before we left and surprise
surprise
not piglets but Rico has done a runner
and she's been missing about an hour and
a half and we're pretty sure she'll be
like in a hedge eating something that
she's caught and I've driven around all
the road so we're pretty sure that she's
not got on to any of the roads or
anything but somebody could have picked
her up is one theory like seeing her if
she's got near the road so I'm seeing
her put her in the car and taken her to
the vet or she could just still be
fumbling around but we can't leave until
we find her obviously so it's a bit of a
strain on our morning Mike's now having
a break from searching most aaron half
eating his breakfast and then we will
commence the search she is in the dog
house so yeah she's messed up all of our
plans basically sucks I've been packing
up the car ready to go she's gone
missing for an hour behind schedule like
if she turned up now it wouldn't be so
bad if she turns up in like three hours
she'll have messed up our holidays Mad
Dogs who would have them normally it's
piglets really unlike treacle actually
because Mike was walking her did piglet
trying on running he caught her and then
turned round and treacle was gone and
normally would treacle like she's not
the best-behaved dog like she'll run
around and stuff but you always have to
see her because she kind of comes back
and then goes and comes back might turn
around she was gone and hasn't like
literally seen any sign of over the last
hour and a half so maybe she has caught
something and is eating it further
monkey I mean what'd she call it's gonna
take her an hour and a half to eat a
mountain lion
she caught a rabbit she'd eat that in
like ten minutes could be a mocha we
found her guys oat rupee we're gonna cut
you out sweetheart she's stuck behind a
fence a song about how tricky
she must be cold she's been missing for
like three or four hours now it's one
o'clock and you went at like 9:30 Oh
tricky are they not the ones they're not
good enough
Oh trivia okay sweetheart oh yeah won't
you go through the whole Vicki come on
come on chickie come on you can get
through that hole come on I've seen you
get through much smaller Oh tricky girl
tricky
Oh come on then home time treacle oh
come on trivia here trivy come on oh
dear we've got very upset little tree
core having a shower oh my goodness
you're right Ruby oh dear you're home
safe now little one people see you
little monkey
least you're having a nice warm shower
treats almost doggies would be in a cold
one it's not cold stop reaching a
drive-through Starbucks on roots and
just checking on the dogs look at these
three right back there guys piggy was
just parking the lady in the window you
hooligans so we were supposed to be
having lunch when we got there but
instead what happened Starbucks lunch
I got smoked have a girl
have a cheese baguette coffee let's pay
you so comfy people might go to hot
chocolate I got chai tea latte with two
shots of coffee in there which everybody
always says like are you sure like what
is that you do realize chai tea latte
has no coffee and I'm like yeah I do I
want the dirty chai just how I roll
such a dirty chai such a dirty pan then
we made it guys finally made it up north
after one hell of morning I felt like I
looked so disheveled I just fell asleep
on sofa these guys have their own sofa
to sleep on tonight very slow way under
the table would you excuse me what are
you doing under there the little troll
under the table are you gonna sleep in
here tonight look how cozy this rug is
Pepe you can sleep on there she's like
no no no bedtime look at Mike socks
everybody best socks ever fact fact yes
yes yes Mike and I are currently you
know matching onesies because that is
how we roll at Christmas they even have
gold hoods and we are just having cozy
evening and we're gonna watch a movie
and then go to bed I'm good to sleep but
we'll see you guys tomorrow
in any the end of Rodimus for like
Mike's already asleep like
non-responsive long day we will see you
guys in the morning
for almost the last day of focus I hope
you guys are getting festive season wise
