hey guys so it's April vlog day 10 and I
am at my mom's house right now as you
will be able to tell from the background
I just come here like enroute to London
because my sister was staying here and
then we're going back to London in order
to get to the airport in good time
tomorrow to go to New York so as a vlog
for today because I'm not doing anything
particularly interesting apart from like
packing and driving down to London I
thought I would do a travels essentials
video now I know this probably should be
on my Vita channel cuz it's kind of easy
related but it's gonna be kind of a
rambling video that's not to direct so I
just thought I'll put it up here as a
vlog and I hope you guys like it I'm not
entirely sure about this whole lighting
and camera setups are actually using my
old camera cuz I'm taking my old camera
like my handheld camcorder to New York
and I feel like I look really orange but
I'm not entirely sure whether that's
right I don't know I haven't used this
camera in such a long time so forgive me
if I'm bright orange and look like an
uncle number I should just start by
saying for me traveling kind of like
short halt within Europe on right now
where you don't take well you generally
don't take checks in baggage I don't
anyway I just use the hand luggage
allowance and try and pack miniatures of
everything it's very very different
packing for long haul so bear in mind
this is what I do for a long-haul
flights not for if I'm like getting a
flight within Europe usually then I
don't pay there like 30 pounds checking
a bag I just take very very minimal
product but I do have my kind of little
bag of goodies which I take on the plane
with me and basically I just take a ton
of stuff that's gonna hydrate my six
skin would be not the sin the first
thing I take which I don't even know
where it is I think I must have left it
downstairs but I take like a miniature
pack of face whites because as soon as I
get onto a long flight I take my makeup
off and put or at least my face makeup
if it's not too long a flight like New
York is 7 hours I probably won't take my
eye makeup off because I'm not gonna
sleep but I'll take my face makeup off
because the cabin like I don't know
whether it's the pressure or the air
conditioning or just a mixture of
everything makes my skin really
dehydrating it doesn't necessarily make
it dry it just can kind of gives it this
froggy texture and I can't think of a
better word apart from froggy for it
it's late
like froggy texture it's not very nice
so I take quite a lot of moisturizing
products so I'll take my I'll take my
makeup off and then I will spritz on the
quarterly elixir and this is a fairly
new addition I used to kind of take
fixed passes but that will the avian
spray with me but the quarterly water is
really nice and it smells good too so
it's nice for traveling and then I'll
put on my moisturizer which I have the
embryo nice Lake Ram concentrates which
is really good and then throughout the
flight if I kind of every now and again
if I feel like my skin is getting a bit
dry I always have eight hour cream on me
so I can put it like on my lips for
around my nose like on my elbows on my
hands wherever if it's kind of like an
emergency
dryness flight thing that I do like I
just like in our code for that kind of
stuff
and then I have a miniature hand cream
this has the balance me one which I
really like it's smells very kind of
herbal and aromatherapy like and it's
very relaxing so I like that one I also
take hand sanitizer because if you're
eating on planes and generally traveling
like always touching things that other
people have been touching and sleeping
on and dribbling on and who knows what
on so hand sanitizer is always good when
you can't get up and kind of wash your
hands whatever you want because I want
to do the dinner service on planes you
can't you usually can't like get up and
wash your hand dry before they give you
your meal because they're like they have
a trolley anyway and then I take lip
balm I'm taking the 10 tonne tread
gently this time which I love and then
usually I also take as well to kind of
freshen up towards the end of the flight
I usually end up just using another face
white and then applying a little bit of
face makeup so I've got the by Terry
hydronic face glow which is kind of like
a primer but basically just makes your
skin look amazing which is just what you
need after a long flight so I really
like that and then I've got my nice
tinted moisturizer in Alaska which I've
been using this a lot recently but I
haven't mentioned it at any blog post or
videos I kind of I've got it kind of a
while ago and I really wanted to kind of
give it a thorough road testing before I
gave it a review but I do really like
this I'm taking
that one wouldn't be taking it with me
on the fly if I didn't like it so I take
that and then I usually end up going to
bathroom freshening up with a little bit
of deodorant and toothpaste and then a
mini toothbrush as well I love these
travel toothbrushes from super drugs but
like click like that I know it's not you
know amazing or new or anything but
they're really really useful for travel
in hopes of keeping your handbags well
if you don't know like please stay at a
friend's house last-minute or something
and then I always take a spare set of
contact lenses just in case
like I said if I'm not sleeping over in
a fight I won't tend to take my contact
lenses off but the next fight that I'm
doing to New York is like a day flight
so I doubt I'll use them but in case
anything happens I always keep them in
there and then I have my little
concealer palette just if I need it
my car and finally I take a little
rollerball perfume and this is the Viva
La Juicy puppy which I've been loving
another youtuber miss Christie fall sent
me this you just go right hardly used it
but the last few weeks I've just been
absolutely loving it
it's just smells so good yeah so I'm
taking that with me that's the only
perfume I'm taking with me actually
because I usually end up buying um a
perfume when I'm in America anyway onto
the things that I take in my checked in
baggage and my wash bag though I'm
taking this time is this one which is
this kind of triangular one and this is
actually from links this is a guys wash
bag my quarter for Christmas
I think maybe like two years ago and he
never uses it and I actually discovered
it when I was cleaning out this room he
had left it here with some stuff in and
he literally never uses this I asked him
if I could borrow it because it's the
most perfect thing for a trip because
you unclip it and then it has all these
different compartments and you can pick
up wash bags like this pretty easily
from boots and stuff but the reason why
I like this one is that it's all mesh so
you can kind of see everything you have
and as you can see from this like I have
a lot of products and this wash bag
isn't overly huge like I have a lot of
products because I'm taking a lot of
miniatures so I just go down and like
tell you what I have in the top
compartment I just have my contact
lenses I always take too many pears for
the days I'm going so I'm going for
can I take like ten pairs and then in
this bag I have all my shower stuff so
I'm taking this was the one thing I
actually do counted everything else as
miniatures and you know what it's put
actually no there's two things like
counted sorry and you know it's the
perfect time to use glossy box and like
either birch box if you're in the States
is the perfect time to use the
miniatures anyway this is the Gilly
green shampoo which I really really love
so I just I was nearing the end of the
bottle so I just put it in this bottle I
thought I would take it with me and then
I have a conditioner which is the sashes
one conditioner which came I think this
was in it was either in boudoir prevail
or glossy box a while ago so I thought
I'd try that out then I have decanted a
little bit of my unites seven seconds
leave-in conditioner which is like holy
grail for me like I have to have that
with me and then I have this shower gel
I believe this was in glossy box as well
which is the como Shambala in figure 8
shower gel and then I have another
shower gel actually just cuz it smells
so good it's this little sample of the
sbar energizing shower gel oh my god it
smells amazing I can't wait to use that
I'm really hoping it's really nice
because I might maybe splurge and buy
the big bottle if I do and I also have a
mini bath and shower oil from
aromatherapy associates because I have
like the big box of I think there's 10
in there I just thought I would take one
with me just in case I want to use it in
the shower I have barf they probably
wouldn't have loved one in there but I
thought it might as well take it with me
because it's tiny and then I just have a
miniature on the screen what's it called
mouthwash that's the one and then my
miniature toothpaste and is in my hand
luggage stuff so it's lonely missing
that's what goes in with her luggage the
next one down I have a razor which is
new so I left in the packet and then
this is all skin care stuff so I have my
mini Bioderma to take my makeup off and
then I have decanted some of my soap &
Glory
scrub your nose in it scrub into a
little Bobby Brown miniature container
which this stuff is amazing it smells
like mint and it's just really like
gentle every loved it and I just dropped
it down the stairs so remind me to pick
that up before I leave and then I have
SPF 50 okay well I wear
pretty much everyday if I'm outside a
lot and when I'm traveling I'm always
outside look so I'm gonna wear everyday
and then I have another miniature a spa
thing a skin radiance mask just because
it might be nice to do a maths class in
there I have deep potted a little bit of
my after saying I only deposit one thing
I think I did like four or five this is
a little bit of my origins ginseng eye
cream and then I have another thing from
glossybox the first aid beauty body
moisturizer miniature version you see I
have like so many miniatures that I
actually have a lot of products in here
and then I have my face works face masks
this is like a sheet mask which I had a
few of these and I rarely use them so I
thought I might as well kind of take
advantage of it and actually use them
for once and then in this bottom one
here I have a kind of mixture of hair
products and kind of beauty essential
things you know like I've got loads of
cotton pads because I remove my makeup
with the Bioderma water so I've got
cotton pads and then I've also got a box
of these these are the beauty fixation
q-tips or cotton buds or whatever you
like to call them but basically I only
have a few of these left because they're
kind of expensive and I didn't want to
buy a whole box so I just filled them up
with they're like half normal cotton
buds half of these but they're basically
like the stem is filled with makeup
remover and you break the end off and
then you can just touch up your eye
makeup which they are a little bit
extravagant like you might as well just
put some eye makeup remover on your
cotton bud and just do it yourself
but for traveling they're actually
really really nice and I thought it's a
good container to keep my cotton buds in
as well and then I have a few miniature
hair things and I actually haven't tried
these products yet I absolutely love
miniature products because I feel like
it's not such like a waste if you don't
like it so if you buy something in
miniature
it's not a waste was you buy a huge
thing and you don't like it I mean so
these are new products I'm going to try
they're all from Percy and Reed this is
the bow defying cream which is kind of
like a blood relation
and then the finishing polish which is a
finishing polish as it sounds and then
they have the I have they have the
volumizing no oil oil so these are
basically that only kind of hair
products I use I'm not taking any
hairspray because I'm pretty sure that
other one of the other girls will have
hairspray like I'm pretty sure Allison
what have pests fish because she tends
to curl the hair a lot I don't use much
products in my hair like much products I
don't use much product in my hair as you
can tell today this is just like oh
natural but yeah I tend to just use kind
of smoothing products rather than really
proper like styling products so yeah
that's it for what is in my bag that I'm
taking to New York this video is pretty
long now so I hope it didn't bore anyone
I'm trying to think of other kind of
long haul travel tips that I have I I'm
the funny one because I actually always
think that I'm gonna read loads on
longer flights and I never end up
reading because they always have such
good movies but there are definitely a
few recommendations of things I would
say to take with you
number one is take your own headphones I
don't know about you guys but I hate
those kind of generic headphones that
they give you that you know someone else
is like warmer before you and I pretty
sure they probably clean them because
they put them in new bags and stuff but
well maybe they've been throwing them
away and recycle them I don't know but
either way they're just not very good
headphones and they kind of gross me out
because you kind of don't know where
they've been so I always take my own
like in-ear headphones which I always
have in my handbag anyway and then if
I'm going on an overnight flight I
always take like a neck pillow because
if I fall asleep in a chair I actually
sleep like this like my head or like
this like my head will not stay like I
can't lean back a little bit and my head
I will be like and I get such a sore
neck so I always take those curved
pillows and they kind of stop your head
from going either way so that is my
other tip and I will see you tomorrow
where are we going to the airport to go
to New York yeah see you tomorrow guys
fine
