hey guys it's April vlog day 9 I can't
leave is day 9 already this is going so
fast
I love logging every day um and today is
Bank Holiday Monday so Mike is home and
what are you doing Mike what are you
doing though nothing looking for a new
Hoover because Mike disassembled over
last night and there's absolutely no
chance of getting back together to be
fair the whole thing stank of cat pee
which is the worst mall in the entire
world but yeah apart from that I have
just filmed two videos I've taken about
what God nearly fell it says I've taken
about 50 pictures for my blog well some
away I'm doing the washing and then I am
packing and it's still a mess and it's
kind of weird because I've been trying
to pack for the last few days but it's
not so much packing as making sure like
everything I want to take is clean so
all of the clothes that I want to take
off like been washed and stuff so um yes
I think I'm gonna do trying to think
what I'm doing tomorrow I think I'll do
like proper what I packed video or like
travel essentials type video tomorrow
maybe or maybe I'll do today I don't
know yeah there's my camera I've been
filming on and all the mess that I've
created and that's about it
interesting Bank Holiday Monday what are
you guys will like to tell me in the
comments below what you do when it's
about holiday because actually shops
right then maybe we should go shopping
wonder if Mike heard that Mike D fancy
going shopping no are you sure killjoy
quick outfit of the day as well today I
don't know what this is on the mirrors
like sustained today I'm just wearing
super super casual and chilled out my
forever 21 kind of loose green lace top
which kind of falls off the shoulder a
little bit as well and then underneath
my forever 21 pink tank top and then my
Gap jeggings the black ones as usual and
then on my feet I have these little
there's my tattoo as well guys ever
all my tattoos just two little stars I'm
wearing these Zara flats which I really
really like they have super spangly bits
on the front and for some reason I think
I've kicked something white and he's
trying clean that off anyway that is
what I'm wearing today and we are turn
around we are it's worth playing with a
tennis ball we are going to get a new
Hoover woohoo how exciting is that
what's going on I've got a good flow
come and look at this from downstairs
what are you doing practicing golf
Seaford cat MIDI what are you doing this
cat is daft
so guys not so exciting news we've
picked up the who've oh it's the dyson
animal I'll be showing you but we have
just stopped for a drive through
Starbucks which i think is pretty weird
like there's not that many drive-thru
things in England in the states they
have like drive-thru pharmacies and
drive-thru banks I don't get dries you
banking right once the craze I've tried
to pick up your yeah but they do like
drive to Best Buy let us know if you're
in the States and you know if they have
drive-thru best but maybe that could be
the new option may be new but it seems
like drive-through is coming to the UK
because now we are getting a
drive-through star but there's not you
could have walked in it's not very fast
we shouldn't we there's been about five
cars in front of us we might as well
have just gone in but I'm quite excited
about miss Alice Adams don't open ages
someone because she said she was I meant
to be Skype who in time you're in German
Tania and Jim hello
you know we have to Skype them and then
that will be real time hello what so
look at the rush
this is how bored we go ohoo hating the
drive from Starbucks
what are they possibly doing it's maybe
they're going and nothing to counter
what do you order and a hot chocolate I
think don't get too close - oh she said
caramel hot chocolate and I was like no
and like she's wrong stupid and I
ordered a try tea latte with soy milk my
favorite and didn't you order a cake but
unhappy camper guys Mike does not like
his caramel cappuccinos
on the other hand yeah we should have
taken the free cup on the other hand I
have an iced chai tea latte which is
delicious and I've seen half of Mike's
wasn't do that one again e there's an
exciting purchase for you Mike so are
you gonna tell us what it is
it's the Dyson ball no loss of suction
animal complete this is for you were
Fifi your stinky hair and it won't smell
like happy okay guys so look who I'm
skyping with this is so weird it's like
double vlogging but Tanya and I just
chatting about New York and going to the
airport and all that kind of fun stuff
I'm saying how excited we are and
talking about brushes too
I wish you could've filmed it before we
were literally like oh my favorite
brushes Oh have you tried this brush oh
I want by this price but yeah we're
going with it's t-minus two days until
takeoff and we're very very excited so
I'm just having a chat with Sonya and
I'll go now so that I can actually
properly talk to tell you not just have
a camera in her face while she's on
skype but yeah say bye I just got to
we're just so excited for New York I'm
actually so so excited that Tanya and
Jim I like coming on the same flight
with me too because most of the time
well the last few times I've been to the
States I've had to fly on my own so I'm
really excited to be flying with people
I just had a bit of any I'm problem with
my flight booking though because for
some reason I always put through Expedia
but for some reason instead of putting
my first name just as Fleur they put it
as miss Fleur as in like putting my
title in with my first name and then
they're trying to charge me like 30
pounds for changing it when it was their
fault I think so I'm gonna try and sort
that out tomorrow I've just been on the
phone to customer services but it's like
midnight so the sound Department I need
isn't open but the guy still left me on
hold for like 15 minutes and then
basically came back and told me what had
told me before he was like I was just
checking I was on what to you 15 minutes
so I'm guessing they're probably it's
not a free lion so they probably charge
me like 20 quid for the phone call which
I should've just paid the money to the
hair line and changed it but oh well
these things happen I'm sure I'll be
able to sort it out tomorrow I'm just
finishing off packing because I'm
heading over to my mum's tomorrow
morning because my sister's actually
driving me down to London so tomorrow
and then she's taking to the airport
because it's kind of close so we'll of
ages away from the airport
so I've got a pack kind of tonight at
tomorrow morning I've written five blog
post for this week so that I won't have
to do so much um kind of blog writing
when I'm in New York cuz I still want
a few guys but I don't want to have to
be kind of blogging all the time because
it takes kind of a long time so I've
been doing that and then I just added a
few videos I'm just exporting
yesterday's vlog and then hopefully and
pull the footage from today's and then
I'll be able to upload that tomorrow
morning
until then guys I will see you all
tomorrow bye bye
