hi guys it's April vlog day 8 happy
Easter everybody who celebrates it we
have our bunny alone especially and is
eating a pancake how come every video
we've done so far I see cuz you're fatty
so what did comment can Mike to see
wherever he wants without getting fat
yes obviously look such a chubby are you
gonna eat that
oh well I think I mean I've got makeup
this is what I got someone a really
amazing person
I wasn't how she responded to me Oh
basically Mike doesn't quite understand
that at Easter you might try people
chocolate yeah I didn't want a small toy
this is a large just generally amazing
Mike bought me under Kindle or for
Easter which I think how about we
overboard first you don't respond saying
I'm fin really want one comment if she's
a brat Mike bought me a new tender which
it's really exciting but the reason why
I said I don't really need one is the
fact that a is expensive and it was a
bit of an exactly an extravagant gift
for Easter and be like six foot in book
form Oh old school books
yeah I got a new Kindle and I'm gonna
set up today and I'm very excited but I
may have to repurchase some of the books
that I've really purchased in Kindle
format you don't have to
oh no table no use the ones I bought in
Kindle
but the ones I've run people have you
guys were having a lovely day yeah hey
guys again so we just got home from my
mum's and we had the most epic meal and
we had a huge huge roast with tons of
chocolate and roastiness and pudding and
custard and let's just say my healthy
eating plan went totally out of the
window for the day but that's okay
because it's Easter but I thought I'd
show you some of our Easter eggs you
want to show you these breads
Eddie Mike's the cat peed on the Hoover
I don't know which cat it was it was one
of you two it was one of you but it peed
on the Hoover and now every time you
Hoover it smells like cat pee so please
get it cleaned Hoover nice but from cat
pee to chocolate I'm going to show you
the chocolates that we got so this is my
little bowl first of all spike got me
this milky white chocolate which I
thought was really cute my sister out
she went shopping with him and let him
pick all of the eggs for everybody and
Mike got you've got a Hot Wheels one
from spike didn't you you never know
when you might need some chocolate have
you play with them spike came in first
thing this morning was so cute he was
like in my bedroom and then my auntie
and uncle got me this Minnie Mouse
chocolate egg which is basically just a
mug with a chocolate egg in it which I
really like because obviously everybody
knows I'm trying to eat a bit more
healthfully so I think they bought me
the small eggs or not eggs as my mum
didn't get me X but she did get me this
which is really bad because this is a
whole thing of mini eggs and
marshmallows which I don't like
marshmallows you like marshmallows Ernie
but mini eggs oh my god I'm such a
sucker for mini eggs and they look so
yummy but she put them in this really
gorgeous silver kind of dish which I'm
actually gonna use in my bathroom for my
lush stuff which I think will look so
nice I'm going to show you that later
when I've done it and then I also got
bunny ears with my milky white chocolate
from spike which was cute
I think that's it my grandma also bought
me a plant which we forgot and what did
you get Super Mario
you can tell Oh busted busted that's
pretty cool this is looks like Mario
that Ferrero Rocher the best egg in the
world my brother loved his he got really
excited about it he doesn't normally
like Easter eggs
minimus trolls does it come with three
packs
you're gonna read chubster we're both
gonna be chubster know what's in here
look no can I just showed them what your
mom did because it was so cute she stuck
she cuts out like a bit of wrapping
paper with bunny on it and stuck it on
the bag which I'm gonna share cuz
they're my favorite sure what else did
you get in there mini mini cream eggs
second pack this week once is Easter
eggs and cat biscuits last thing last
thing on camera for my mother again
surprise whoa yummy what a surprise I
swear there used to be better prizes in
surprise woof come on you know that's
not for you gonna be a surprise I love
my job
chop chop spike cause it says dirty pan
in the sink I can see that's not really
nice surprise we should have given this
to speed oh look at that hello
and that's it that's all we got for
Easter I'm gonna take this upstairs and
show you guys so much chocolate to be
eating it's actually my turn the camera
it's actually really really messy it's
actually really really messy upstairs
because they've been attempting to kind
of start packing for New York's Oreo
stuff I'm so slow so excuse any mess
that you might encounter in this video
but what I'm gonna do now because the
Baathists that I keep my lush stuff in
at the moment I don't have too much of
the moment cuz it's six things I've been
kind of getting through it but it's
what's weird as well because I've left
them in the Sun like this they're fading
a little bit so maybe I should just put
them in here straight I don't know
whether to put the kind of shredding
stuff in here to but I thought I could
keep my lush stuff in here and it would
look all nice let me go out a bit the
smells name don't pee you guys this one
and how a bath tonight I might use this
once there is it the butterball the
cocoa butter one it smells really good
yeah because I've been using an old
glossy box before it I think that looks
quite cute I don't know whether it might
look better with the stuffing stuffing
stuff in it and then I also have got a
couple of Sheen here I've got so many
baffles I'm just obsessed with both
stuff I think this one's that fly oh it
was fine okay got a couple more in here
which I don't use because they're in the
box I've used a few of them I might put
these in here - I don't know which they
smell really good
they're from balm cosmetics and then I
can get rid of another piece of
packaging in my bathroom Oh doesn't that
look nice I think that looks really nice
it goes really well in there as well cuz
it's the same colors and then I can get
rid of these and there's less clutter in
my bathroom amazing
so I've been trying pack for New York as
well which way that was the wrong light
we have these energy-saving lights so it
takes a while for them to kind of warm
up and you can't see a blowing thing
that's not really useful is it what I
might do as well I just realized I
haven't watched the latest episode of
Vampire Diaries so I'm gonna download
that now watch it have a bath and then
which you might be able to see behind me
now can you see these mess mess mess
mess mess mess mess mess our suitcase so
I will talk to you a bit but okay guys
so I'm just looking into watching the
new Vampire Diaries episode and I
realized that hasn't been one since the
29th of March and the next one is on the
19th of April this seems crazy to me
like if any of you guys know why they're
on or they seem to be on hiatus so much
can you tell me because it's really
frustrating because I really want to see
the next episode that is pretty much it
for now bye bye it's a bit later now and
I'm in my sexy pajamas as you can see I
actually just painted my nails like this
I don't know what you guys think about
it I was just watching the rain star
neck or the current costume on YouTube
I've been catching up on loads and loads
of YouTube videos which has been cool
but she had her nails painted like odd
like this but in pink and purple I
thought it would look really cool in
turquoise and pink and I really like it
if you wondering this is nas I can't
remember the name the new one from NARS
from the summer collection and this one
is from Topshop I'll put a link or a
name in the info bar below and look what
Mike is doing um what's that you've got
there
the Hoover that looks quite different to
what the Hoover looked like before
what's happened Mike to the Hoover I
told everybody that the cat peed on it
now Mike seems to think that he's
hoovered up a cat pee so the entire of
the inside of the Hoover
smell like cat pee so Mike proceeded to
take the you're never gonna really put
this back together
oh no what's that a screw thing spring a
spring this fell on the floor with this
Sylvie's mr. Dyson is watching
any tips you decided it was beyond
prepared and you if like because you'd
actually hoof it up the cat pee the cat
pee smell was like no like everything
you bleached it smells like bleach in
here but everything like the whole of
the Hoover smell like cat pee so there
was nothing else we could do really but
I'll let you know how that goes I'm
pretty sure we'll be having to buy a new
Hoover so my phone is really playing up
now it's kind of run out of storage I
think so I'm gonna call it a night
and try and sort my phone out because if
you guys don't know I vlog from my phone
which a lot of people have been asking
about the quality and the comments
recently I don't know if you guys like
hate the fact that I vlog on my phone
but personally I'm gonna go in here cuz
the golf is on it's kind of noisy
personally it's so much easier for me to
vlog on my phone because I always have
my phone with me you can flip the camera
so it can face you and I never thought
it was like a too much of an issue with
the daily vlogs like actually kind of
rolling on my phone I don't know let me
know if it's a problem for you guys and
I'll switch back to my camera but it's a
little bit more kind of subtle as well
when you're out and about to like take
your phone out and film yourself because
a lot of people like will stare at you
like oh that's weird but I've probably a
valgus so I mean I don't oh my god I
just tripped over my bag that's not very
cool and my really unsexy starry pajamas
are also not cool so I'm gonna go now
but I will see you all tomorrow I hope
you guys all had a great Easter and I'll
see you later bye
