hey guys and welcome to April vlog day 7
so today you due to a lack of anything
particularly interesting going on in my
life I decided to do the youtuber tag I
love doing tags when I kind of have
nothing specific to blog about because
otherwise I feel like you guys would get
bored so I one tagged where anyone in
particular to do this tag but my really
good friends Tanya and her boyfriend Jim
both have done it and they tagged
everybody well Jim tagged everybody
can't remember if Tanya tagged everybody
or not but Jim definitely did so
technically Jim tagged me ok so there
are 13 questions number one what do you
like most about YouTube and this is easy
for me because it's the reason why i
started doing youtube in the first place
it's the fact that it is the most
amazing platform to find people with
similar interest to you the reason why i
started doing beauty videos on youtube
is because none of my friends and family
were really that into beauty they were
kind of um you know they wear makeup and
stuff but they weren't like obsessed
like I'm obsessed so that's why I
started and that's the thing I most like
about it it just is the most incredible
network of people and it puts you in
touch with lots of other lovely people
who like the same things number two what
do you dislike most about YouTube this
one is also easy it's the bugs if you
guys use YouTube a lot you will know
there are a lot of annoying bugs so the
thing was going on at the moment is the
automatic update on the comments really
irritating and there's also known stuff
about view counts and a bug mess that up
for a while the inbox system is crazy
like a lot of the technical stuff about
YouTube I find the most annoying number
three who inspired you to make videos i
watched a few people before i started
making videos and i think most
specifically they were lollipop 26 who
doesn't make videos anymore Laura Blair
juicystar 07 I watched at the very
beginning kandeejohnson and all the kind
of older youtubers that have been going
for kind of three years or more I kind
of watched them for a while and then the
person actually inspired me to start
making my own videos like to actually
take that jump was my mum because um I
showed her you earlier I showed her a
review of some kind of skin
roanoke Sekot me what it was that she
wanted to buy one day I kind of told her
about the whole thing and she was like
you should do this you usually would be
good at it you should do it you should
do it and basically push me into doing
it and now we've got her to thank
because it's amazing number four what do
you want to achieve on YouTube and have
you achieved it yet I think my goals
change all the time with YouTube because
i remember when i first started i
thought if i can get like 50 followers
whatever it will be the most amazing
like 50 people want to watch my video
that would be amazing and now i think i
got about 50 subscribes in the first
four days so that was like my goal the
chief right there but then obviously
once that happens you then look to
bigger goal so then it was 500
subscribers that it was a thousand
subscribers and i remember when i hit
10,000 subscribers i literally was
dancing around the kitchen it was huge
huge i was like so excited about it but
then you know as you grow more and more
you become kind of not numb to it but
you just look towards bigger goals i
guess so i don't really have yeah
actually no that's not right i do have
goals but they change every time i reach
them i don't like kind of ever reach a
goal and think right that's it I've
achieved everything I want to achieve
now and I think that would be pretty sad
if I did that if I was like that's
enough I'm gonna stop now I've achieved
it so yeah and the next big goal for me
is 300,000 subscribers because I think
at the moment on my beauty channel i'm
at like to 55 or something like that so
three hundred thousands like the next
big big one for me so and then a hundred
thousand for this channel as well which
is not too far off i think i'm at 92,000
10 filming this but yeah so they change
all the time number five if you could
change anything about youtube what would
it be like i said before probably the
glitches the upload speed as well
although that's probably my internet
rather than youtube i get so frustrated
cuz i don't live in london or in a big
city and if you live in a big city you
get much faster internet speeds so
whenever I go down to London upload a
video uploads like five times faster
than if I uploaded at home which is
really frustrating so that's what I
would change about you g6 what kind of
videos do you do if you're watching this
video
pretty sure you will know that I do
beauty videos if not I do cutie videos
like beauty reviews kind of favorites
top products the occasional tutorial but
not too many because I'm not a
professional makeup artist so I'm not
kind of teaching everybody things on a
daily basis about how to apply makeup
but I do like to do the occasional
tutorial as well and then this channel
is just for kind of me random stuff
about me and daily vlogging and this
year I'm doing logging every day every
other month because I didn't quite feel
that I could live up to the challenge of
vlog year so i decided to do every other
month and it's going ok so far April's
going pretty fast so far in fact I think
number 7 do you wish you had more
subscribers um that's kind of a funny
question because I'm overwhelmed by the
amount of people that are subscribed to
my channel anyway like when you actually
think about how many people it is it's
crazy actually crazy and to think that
there's that many people have seen my
videos and think I want to watch them I
don't know I just think that's crazy um
but no matter how many have you you'll
always want more like I always want more
people to see and so yeah I would I
would like more subscribers but I'm
happy with the number i've got at the
moment as well so a bit of this and that
number 8 how many people are you
subscribed to i actually have no idea i
think it's probably in the region of 50
to 100 that is very very vague i don't
really know number nine no number ten if
you get got / cop get / got eight what
would you do what what would you / do
you do okay so what do you do when you
get hate i'm actually quite lucky don't
get too much hate fingers crossed and i
think when you put yourself on youtube
you are putting yourself out there to
everybody in the whole world to watch
and potentially criticize your videos
and i think you have to be aware of that
there are people that aren't very nice
in the world and if you are putting
yourself online to everybody then some
people aren't going to like you and
they're going to say that they don't
like you and because they're hidden
behind a computer they sometimes say
things that are really inappropriate in
the wooden station in real life so you
just have to kind of put it into
perspective delete block if they're
really
see if they're like abusive but yeah I
don't let it bother me too much I mean I
think over the period of two and a half
years I've been doing YouTube I've got
really upset about nasty comments
probably twice which i think is pretty
good going like like generally like
don't let it get to me and a lot of the
time there's things to be taken from
hate as well like if obviously not blind
hate but if people are actually making
criticisms of your videos then sometimes
there's something to look out there um
yeah so just generally ignore it and
block and delete if they're really
abusive that's pretty much how I deal
with it 11 do you have a lot of friends
on YouTube this is my favorite question
because the first question what do you
most like about YouTube is kind of 5050
whether I was going to say that I've
made friends but I think what I said to
the first question about how it's an
amazing community also kind of leads on
to this that I've met so many amazing
people through doing this like I've met
lots of friends you guys will probably
know because they've been in my videos
and I talk about them all the time so in
Gradle missglamorazzi tanya tanya burr
um jammer jazz maquillage Allison
amarixe Louise Frankel of glitter and
then I've also met some kind of newer
friends that I don't know so well but
they're still awesome so Zoe from zoella
and nikki phillippi and I've met lots of
blogging friends as well so a lot of
kind of events and stuff that I might go
to in London they tend to be more kind
of blog focused and specifically YouTube
and that youtubers goes well obviously
I'm usually but Anna blogger but I've
met lots of bloody friends too so it's
very nice and I feel very happy that
I've met lots of people through what I'm
doing and what is cool like i said in
the answer to question one is that they
have similar interests which is awesome
and i love it and i love all of my new
friends well they don't really know
anymore cuz I've been on YouTube for
like two and a half years number 12 what
is a piece of advice you would give to a
beginner on YouTube it would definitely
be be persistent and like with your
videos be persistent and consistent I
don't know whether that's contradictory
um persistent in the way that you don't
give up and don't let anything kind of
get you down you're not going to get
thousands and millions
views in the first week because nobody
has seen you yet and it takes a while to
kind of get people kind of aware of your
channel so it does take a while and it
can be frustrating so be persistent and
be consistent with your videos so and I
mean upload however many you can but if
you're uploading what a week or you can
upload one a week kind of stick to that
rather than uploading five in one week
and then none for a month or you know
vice versa whatever so I mean I I yeah
yeah yeah that's my advice and try be a
bit different as well because I think I
was fairly lucky like when I started
there weren't that many people they
weren't quite a lot of people doing it
to be fair there were loads of people
but now it seems to have kind of
exploded and there's so many new
channels out there that I think be kind
of different and be yourself and let
your personality shine through and then
I think that's what makes you different
because everybody has different
personalities and that is my advice be
yourself be persistent and be consistent
um number 13 the last question what are
your favorite types of video my favorite
types of video beauty wise are
definitely like monthly favorites I
really like them I don't watch so many
makeup tutorials anymore I used to when
I first started but i think i've seen so
many now that unless there's something
really like i catching or different i
don't have to watch so many of those um
yeah I love monthly favorites and I love
holes I love holes i do loads of halls
myself and I just like them I like
nosing at what people have bought and
yeah that's pretty much it i hope you
guys enjoyed this video i'm feeling a
bit weird today if you've noticed me
being a bit weird I'm just feeling a bit
weird and it's really hot in my house
because my ex crime the heating up
because it was cold last night and it's
really hot so I think it's affecting my
brain a little bit but anyway I'll see
you guys tomorrow for April vlog day 8
which is Easter Sunday so there will be
lots of chocolates I hope you guys are
having a great day and I'll see you
tomorrow bye
