hey guys it's April vlog dae-sik
actually did you feel good this morning
I'll see how that turns out this might
be the second time you've seen me but
today I haven't really been able to blog
much because I've actually been over at
my mum's it's Good Friday bit bumpy down
this road it's Good Friday so
everybody's off work basically and we've
been over to my mum's I filmed two
videos one was a hair tutorial for this
hair which was much requested on my last
video and then the other one is a review
of the new Chanel foundation which I
said I was gonna do so I've done those
and then they're actually exporting in
the back as you can see that's how short
the time we are today so I've done those
and then we just off to the pub for
dinner with some friends that we haven't
seen in a very long time which I
probably won't film because yeah I
haven't seen them in ages and kind of I
find with my really good friends I see
all the time it's okay to kind of do you
to be stuff when they're there but
people I haven't seen in a long time and
kind of don't understand my YouTube
thing quite as well find it a little bit
weird so I won't be vlogging this
evening but we're in the car now Mike's
driving and he's a bit stressed because
we're a bit late bit late 25 minutes
later I was filming I just spotted me I
guess you couldn't say it right I was
trying to do the Chanel foundation and I
kept with me like so that is it for the
Chanel whitening and then just I
couldn't the Chanel vita' Lumiere aqua
compact foundation see when I'm not
under pressure I can say it fine
fixing buggies you're always fixing
something mr. greasy hands
fixa michael fix it it's not Jam it's
like we'll fix it but apart from that I
need to stop packing from you from New
York for New York actually because I
thought today and then tomorrow we're
actually going to watch one of my
friends horse-racing which I'm really
excited to do or not
oh my tear torture simple I'm going to
watch my friends racing it's actually
Lucy who if you guys watched four but
you might have seen her a few times so
that's really exciting and then tomorrow
is the day I mean the day after that is
that obviously oh I don't know what's
wrong with my brain today I just don't
know what's wrong with it
the day after that which is Sunday yeah
the day office tomorrow not the film but
actually the day after tomorrow is
Easter Sunday so we are all going around
to mums for a big Sunday roast and a
chocolate fest which will be really nice
and then I've got Monday which is like
getting everything ready uploading my
last videos and packing then I've just
got a couple of days before I go to New
York in which time I need to kind of
fill more my videos writes a blog post
for when I'm away so that there's not
too many gaps too many gaps I like to
keep my blogs coming on a regular basis
so yeah I've got a busy couple of days
ahead of me of rushing around and I
don't know how much it will feel good
luck but I will ugh when I can and what
I can and that is about it really do you
have anything else to say for today this
is gonna be like a super super issue
okay to be honest it's probably good
that I'm not vlogging much today cuz
there is really something wrong with my
speech a shoot per day it's gonna be a
super short of look and that whoops here
sitting on my lap stubborn dog everyone
says that she shouldn't be allowed to
sell my lap I know but she in a suit she
doesn't have
the other car she has like a middle seat
in the truck so yeah that is it for
today I hope you guys are all having a
fantabulous Friday and I hope you guys
have a great weekend
as well okay bye
