hey guys it's a prologue day five and we
are just leaving London excuse me will
you turn the radio off so rude and we
just had to say goodbye to speak and
which he was being so cute this morning
at like as he won't be able to tell from
that clip like he is just so adorable
but we are headed home in Mike's car
here who's driving
look at this behind us okay just to
explain these are bin bags over Gardens
acknowledge their garden bags but a
garden foliage from my brother's garden
because he lives in London obviously
like he can't have a bonfire or whatever
and get rid of his garden it'll have a
compost heap whatever so we are taking
them back with us and it's blatantly
full of spiders like I'm not gonna lie
we've encountered our first spider
already I am petrified of spiders and it
was on Wolfie who is next to us there
and I nearly had a heart attack but it's
just this is gonna be a traumatic
traumatic car journey home so Mike's
nearly getting hit with a dustbin lorry
lorry I'm seriously like I don't even
want to lean my head against the seat
rest because a fall asleep toll on
crawling in humor
but yeah so there's not much room in the
car today is he - heck itself is down by
my feet and yeah we're on our way back
Booth's comes near she's got her own
seat and we're a little bit late
Louise is meant to be coming over at 12
and it's now our enough to do yeah you
do need a shower cause of stink
stinky okay not having a shower why
didn't you have one this morning then
because you rushed me I went the body
what it's on a side note it feels really
weird having my hair tied up and
literally never had my hair tied up
because I didn't have time to wash it
this morning because we were playing
would spike so I could have had time to
talk about his plane was like I didn't
watch it so I tie it in a ponytail and
they used to wear my hair at this all
the time when I was at school in a high
ponytail and I haven't worn it like that
for so long it feels pretty weird
constant trying to get this way next to
my face feels very strange anyway keep
you updated on the day hopefully next
o'clock it will be with the leads very
excited to see her and have so much it
also very excited to get my makeup
storage sorted if you haven't already
checked out my new video on my beauty
channel with Louise and Zoe from zoella
then there'll be a link in the
information bar below go and check it
out it's quite funny we did like a
beauty Q&A which we actually filmed a
few weeks ago
picanha probably like ten days ago now
but it's really funny we have such a
large finger so I will see you later if
I am not killed by giant spiders driving
in from the back do you like spiders
you're not very talkative today are you
hi guys
so I'm in the car now as you can tell
with my seatbelt already on safety first
guys and I have Louise who I told you I
was coming we're just all so safe we're
safe today and we are going to get some
lunch
do you wanna like hold you do like yeah
and then I can drive bit dangerous to
film and drive
yo Joey does that you know Joey Graceffa
yes he films and drivers like he must be
going slow and he must have an automatic
but I don't think we're all crushed Joey
I'm worried about I not have my driving
skills yeah gonna say if I was doing
that we've definitely hit a few curbs
you lamppost sure but yeah we're off to
a little cafe
we're ready for cookie and they have
good soup Wow I'm partial to it the
cheese toastie only we will update you
from Metacafe and you guys try lobectomy
hey Louise is struggling we build a
campaign so it's right crazy driving
guys I'm going 500 miles an hour right
now this is our lunch
it is stews - correct so pork and
chickpea sounded quite yeah roasted
vegetables sounded like a fairly healthy
stew in my opinion and it looks okay
weirdo over here it just doesn't ever
get cold I'm home now
and we're just reading through comments
from my latest video that I put up we
had Louise in it I'm Zoe
so we're reading the comments and see
what everybody is saying because you
know see you read the comments so we
just thought we'd go through some of
these with you guys I like oh sorry I'm
just like what does it say I like I
can't believe Louise said whore and know
what I said I think ah ha ha ha ha
and that's wrong I list quick Alyssa I
said you know I you're cool yeah it's
not like a nice word but it's not what
it call somebody yeah this is gonna be
really weird cuz I'm like reading on
screen and in the video at the same time
um everybody loves you Louise like your
hair's been a big hit I like I think I
might just you toriel for it is kind of
well I mean when I came over
you look like a mermaid look like a
mermaid something's already been done
with lipsticks and your idea I didn't
realize that Wow look into it
thanks for the info this is quite cool
it's like a quick way of responding to
comments thank know you looks like cher
Lloyd I really don't think she does like
I don't see that I totally think it's
because cher lloyd is like quite petite
and cute yeah thank you oh I'm at my
Adele comment thumbs up if you think
Louise looks like Adele at just a little
bit just a little bit yeah she does eat
now you do Adele's like beautiful
I like Flo best that's already nice I
don't like me I don't have any favorite
interesting I mean like do you think I
really mean if I was if I was mean I
wouldn't give you a shoe like yeah well
I wouldn't provide you with a shoe on
your channel when you shut down and not
only that it's a dirty shoe that's not
like that like it's a really dirty shoe
that's to be honest that was a gift from
worth I'm not gonna lie she left it
there okay so we both dinged at the same
time and we are double vlogging right
now guys this takes skill and precision
it's like Inception anyway I forgot what
I was gonna say crying she outside Oh
only for like 10 minutes guys I'm not a
dog abuser it's cuz you brought my
fluffy
okay so we're standing like this for a
reason
louise has got a trick when you are
doing a high five how to never miss I
realize totally missing is quite hard
but sometimes I do miss your home half a
hand so apparently she's gonna do it
right after kiss if you look at the
other person's elbow you will not miss
okay yeah one two three it works it
actually works
I'm like I'm so impressed by your 10 we
also have JLS stuck in our heads so
badly because when we're in super drunk
my god with all my going on we're still
doing it ohyes see I'm gonna turn off
now and if you'd like to do the rest of
this conversation you can hop over to
pleasure so yeah we were listening to
the chair that's what we weren't
listening to jealous jealous was playing
in super jealous was playing in super
drug yeah it wasn't a nice life clarify
for any JLS like hyper fan
for a little bit giddy guys with
excitement there's actually much later
in the day no excuse Louise left oh
actually should say for kind of a long
time she left it like something Mac
going to pick her up and actually
brought Darcy her little baby with her
and she's so it was really really nice
to see her and Mike just cooked tacos
for dinner it was very tasty and now I
am going to tell bath well it is
freezing absolutely freezing and Mike
for some bizarre reason is eating ice
cream it's not very nice scoop
so like a chunk epyck Nutella on it you
this is like this is Mike's healthy
eating vlog for you this is how we get
ice cream get nice hello this is Mike's
like weekly intake of Nutella some
Nutella then what do you do to it now
golden syrup just to make sure so much
shooting may be hyper later
well I'm noontime far now it's fine
freezing Mike's watching the golf which
is incredibly boring my awesome it's the
worst thing to watch on TV it's amazing
so boring so I'm gonna do that and then
we're gonna watch episode 4 of Alcatraz
because we missed it this week it comes
out on Tuesday nights and it's now first
at night and we haven't watched it yet
we recorded this and we sound watchin so
we're gonna watch that tonight and I
will see you tomorrow
