hey guys and welcome to April vlog day 4
so today I'm at my parents house as you
might be able to tell here's my gorgeous
mirror and here is my gorgeous bed we
stayed here last night after having our
curry and I'm about to head off back
home as you might be able to tell I'm
wearing the same outfit yesterday
because I stink
not really I got like a fresh tank of
one so I've got like black and the shirt
and yesterday I was working great but
I'm gonna do a proper outfit of the day
later because I'm about to head back
home to get changed and then Mike and I
are heading to London this afternoon
because Mike's gonna be helping my
brother with his garden which is very
nice of him and manly and I'm going to a
Naz preview for their spring 2012
collection which I'm really excited
about it's also kind of like makeup
masterclass thing so it should be
interesting and I'll see if I can take
you guys along with me in there I know
there are quite a few other vloggers
going so it'll be good to catch up with
some other bloggers people that I know
and apart from that that's pretty much
it I will catch up with you a little bit
later when I'm at home and I'll do an
outfit today let me know if you guys
like the kind of outfit of the day
everyday type posts because I actually
decided it's kind of a cute idea like
even if I'm wearing something like
tracksuit bottoms or something I think
it's kind of fun for you guys to see if
you want to see what I'm wearing every
day I don't know you might not anyway I
will see you later
so a quick update on what I'm wearing
today I am wearing the same jeans and
the same boots as before and then I've
just paired those with my Rhys pink top
now this I actually got in sale this
season I don't know whether you can see
it's quite dark in here sorry but it's
got like stars that are kind of
embroidered into the material they're
tiny tiny so you can barely see them but
I really like that and then I'm also
wearing my keeve my like Hartke scarf
from Topshop which this was actually
pretty expensive for Topshop it's one of
their concessions I'm going to turn the
camera around yeah sorry about that
it's one of their concession lines and
it's actually I think it was like 35
pounds or something but I just totally
fell in love with it but I think that's
the expensive Topshop anyway something
really really exciting just arrived in
the mail and I really want to show you
it is the new vitamin A at
compact from Chanel I absolutely adore
the Chanel vital amia liquid foundation
so I was really excited to hear this is
coming out and this is a shade 30
because I in the wintertime of 20 in
Chanel and then summer I'm of 40 so the
two vital email aqua colors that I have
already are 20 and 40 in the liquid so I
thought these are kind of in between
months so I thought 30 it's probably a
good color but there's actually not very
much difference between the 20 and the
3000 another thing I was going to ask as
well you know when products come with
these kind of velvet packaging type
pouches things do you find these really
annoying because I find them kind of
wasteful because I don't keep my
products in them like I end up just
usually throwing away I usually keep
them for like a few weeks until the
novelty wears off and then I kind of
throw them away and I think it's kind of
a waste anyway side note this is what
the packaging looks like and my actually
just get might hold the camera for me so
I can show you hi Mike what are you
wearing today
Hollister jeans humours and the ugly cat
of whatever they're nike all right I
just assumed that you'll be wearing your
Pumas gardening gear can you film for me
okay so this is what the packaging looks
like as you can see it's like the
classic black Chanel and it's round
which I really like it's kind of
sophisticated and then the sponge comes
with it which is kind of good for
on-the-go and what I really like is that
it has like a sealed compartment for the
makeup so it doesn't dry out and I don't
normally like cake makeup but I'm gonna
try it out and see what I think so I
will let you guys know whether I like it
or knocks I'm really really excited to
try it and yeah that is it for now I
will see you a bit later when we're in
on hey guys so I'm in London now and I'm
just about to head into Central to pick
up a couple of things from Muji that I
mentioned that you need yesterday um but
I just realized it's like the Easter
holidays in London so it's gonna be
absolutely rammed which should be
interesting on the tube but I thought I
would try and show you the foundation
that I just showed you before the new
Chanel one but it's not really showing
up in this light I just tried it out and
I'm definitely going
do a review on it on my beauty Channel I
think I've got such a thing for Chanel
foundations I just love them so let me
know if that would be something you guys
would be interested in seeing like a
review of the new Chanel vitomir compact
because everybody loved device leimia
out quite well not everybody but so many
people loved the Chanel vitalina a click
on the liquid makeup and that I thought
it might be quite cool to do a review of
the new compact and but as a heads up I
do quite like it but I'm going to do a
full review when I can so I'm heading
off to the NARS thing I will see if I
can film there I'm not sure kind of how
film friendly it will be but I will see
what I can do and I think I'm coming
back and I may be getting some dinner
which could be nice I'm not sure where
or what or who with the boys I'm sure
we'll sort something out who knows
I just I'm gonna actually empty out my
handbag as you can see I'm gonna like
turnips I don't know it's full of stuff
that probably doesn't need to be there I
think I have like a ridiculous amount of
things in here that really don't need to
be there like four bottles of nail
polish so I'm gonna do that and I will
see you at NARS later
tutorial might be too tight for it which
then we know if you would like to see it
or not I am actually really surprised
there's a lot of the products that we
use for not product so I'm going to give
you a quick sneak peek of the summer
collection as well so this is the NARS
summer collection the lighting is a
little bit dodgy if you can see along
with some of them hello along along with
some of their tinted moisturizer a
beauty junk because I always just type
UT junk in it comes up this is Ghent so
this is the NARS summer collection which
is very very beautiful along with some
of the tinted moisturizers and the
products used in the tutorial that we
just did this trio which is cool ramit
well probably saying that pretty badly
this blusher which I actually like
scared the hell out of me until we used
it and it's actually really beautiful
it's almost like a terracotta color
which is called libert√© which is really
really nice and then I used the matte
lip pencil in Never Say Never
it's a really really beautiful another
thing that we used was the duo in meri
color which is like purple and blue
shimmer which is really gorgeous as well
so let me know if you guys would like to
see a tutorial with all of these I'm
really excited by the summer collection
actually I think it looks
this is Caroline from you tonight if you
guys have any questions on skincare
I think I think
I just got home from the Naz event I
actually went out for dinner with a
couple of my blogging friends Lily
pebbles from what I heart today and Zoey
from the London lipgloss and Jen from a
beauty junkie in London who are you
hopefully will have just seen in the
footage from today unless it was like
really bad and I have to cut it out you
pretty much should have seen them but we
just went out for dinner kind of
unexpectedly after the Naz event which
was really nice and actually got to meet
some of these other friends from kind of
say like home but like from the Bloggie
world which was really cool it was nice
to kind of chill out with them because
all the time when I see them it will be
out like launches or events and stuff
and you don't really get to kind of just
chill and just have a nice time so it
was really cool to go out for dinner
with them and I'll link all of their
blogs in the information bar below so
you guys can go check them out because I
read all of their blogs on like a daily
basis as well um and I just got home and
look who's waiting for me
curled up like a little baby you wagging
your tail with little whoopee no she's
the best dog in the world
but I'm super super excited because as
you guys know well if you watched
yesterday's vlog you will know that I
need to go to moody and I got my stuff a
little bit of a sneak peek actually got
some acrylic storage which I wasn't
planning on getting I was only planning
on getting these which like the gauze
makeup pouch things which I will explain
more in my makeup collection video if
you guys want to watch that on my main
channel it should be up early next week
probably but I also got some acrylic
storage which I was really undecided
whether to get because it's basically
really expensive they're about five to
eight pounds a box and fire box I mean
like this is one box with two little
shelves like very expensive and I was
kind of undecided and I ended up getting
a few of those because I figure if I
have good organization then I will
actually utilize my utilize that sounds
really serious I actually use the makeup
that I have rather than just it getting
lost at the bottom overall so
think it's kind of worth investing to
organize it and like before I think I
spend 40 pounds in total like redoing my
whole collection so I'm kind of happy
with that because my storage before so
bad anyway I'll stop talking about make
up storage but there's only a whole
video about that anyway I got home to
find as well that my upload from Beauty
Channel which is a QA with
sprinkleofglitter Louise and so well as
Zoe had actually failed when I was help
which is really irritating cousin I had
to upload it but so hopefully that
should be up late tonight or early
tomorrow and I think it's probably 11:00
something now so it'll be up tomorrow
morning basically but Louise is coming
out of lunch Tori which is kind of
exciting so I will no doubt be vlogging
with her tomorrow and for today I'm
gonna leave it at that I hope you guys
all had a great day and yeah let me know
if you want me to do the tutorial for
the last look you probably can't really
see too much now but I really really
like it and I was kind of surprised
because when I first saw all the colors
that we use like there were colors that
I really likes that I wanted to use and
we didn't end up using them in the demo
but when we actually did the demo I was
kind of like no and they look like
really really nice and I definitely wear
them again so if you want me to do the
tutorial on that let me know I may be
able to do a nas giveaway again I'm
hoping I did one on my blog about three
weeks ago now it went down really really
well
so I'm hoping I will be able to do
another one with them making a special
kind of collaboration for the summer
collection this year which will be
really cool I'd be really excited if I
can do that for you guys and that is
tonight I will see you all tomorrow bye
say play was say bye
