hey guys and welcome to April vlog day 3
and today I have been reorganizing my
makeup collection I even see me in the
mirror behind me that's weird kind of
like it I've been reorganizing my makeup
collection in this afternoon and it's a
big big job but my number one most
requested video of all time on YouTube
and I've been doing YouTube now for two
and a half years and I still haven't
done one is a makeup collection but I've
never kind of felt like I could do one
because my collection has always been in
just an absolute state so I'm trying to
kind of reorganize it and hopefully I'll
be able to film one this week I can't do
it today because I actually want to buy
a few storage but some pieces that I
want to pick up from Muji and I'm going
to London tomorrow so I'm gonna stop by
Muji and get a few of the storage things
Mike is sitting here looking at me with
a golf club
looks like about to do some situps not
happening but yeah anyway I am just
about to head to boots to pick up a few
things then we might go to the
supermarket then we're going out for
dinner with my mom and dad and after
doing a healthy eating video yesterday
which I didn't actually film yesterday I
filmed that must have been always two
weeks ago now because I just didn't get
a time to upload it and yeah I'm
basically still doing the healthy eating
thing and that stuff is still definitely
relevant but having said that we're
going for a curry tonight but I do have
a kind of more healthy alternative if
you like to eat current with your
friends like to go to the curry house
and have curry all the time like Mike
and my family are all obsessed with
curry they are like curry fiends I do
have a more healthy option which I'll
probably show you later when we're there
so we're about to head off to boots and
then the supermarket and I got a lot of
requests in the last video to do a bit
more of an outfit of the day for you
guys in my daily vlog so today for
makeup I'm not actually wearing much
makeup at all I just got a little bit of
tinted moisturizer on a little bit of
smudge black eyeliner and mascara and
then Mac's dish it up lipstick which is
kind of brighter I've been going for
brighter colors than I normally go for
recently I really like it and then can
you hold the camera for me or maybe I
can do it in there I can do it in here
maybe and there
all that works it's a real mess behind
me that's all my makeup reorganization
by the way and then I'm just wearing
it's kind of dark or they love to see my
friend one fuchsia scarf which I've been
wearing loads my shirt which is from
Pyrus and I actually bought this in the
sample sale for ten pounds and I
honestly think it's the best 10 pounds
I've ever spent like I've worn it so
much and then I just have a plain gray
tank top underneath my gap jeggings
these are the blue ones which I don't
normally wear because they fall down a
lot which is kind of annoying but I'd
like the finish of them materials really
nice and then my black riding boots
which I wear the whole time and I'm
totally obsessed with and I kind of need
some new ones because they're getting a
little bit worn like all of the leather
is really worn and like just I kind of
need some new ones and I might look for
some in New York but I'm really fast
because I love these ones so much it's
gonna take some really really good boots
for me to replace these anyway I've been
talking for three minutes now and we are
gonna go by sad to show you this as well
before we go this is how much of an
attention seeker growler is like she
will sit that's her bottom you don't
want to see that she will sit like on
top of you and just like try and get
attention the whole time hey hi hi so
it's time for a car haul
I thought I would show you what I got
from boots we just came out Mike was
getting very stressed because I was
taking ages to the sidewalks again
because they had a three for to offer
unlike all make up hair care skin care
everything so I was like I knew there
was a few things I wanted and so I
trying to work out which was the best
way to do it and then ended up soap and
glory wasn't included so that messed up
my whole plan to get the most money off
anyway I got a few things actually for
Alison Nikki and Ingrid which I don't
think I'm going to show all of so I
might show a couple of things but I want
to keep it as a surprise change exactly
they might be watching said Mike so
that's why I'm not going to show
bumpy as possible someone someone said
you were a naughty word in the last
video in the comments for Hetty we
really golf-ball right it's an accident
I also got lots of things for travelling
in New York by the way guys first thing
I got some mini face wipes for the plane
I know I'm not going for it it's not for
Ingrid it for me I know I'm not going
for a week but I got a few minutes along
with some mini deodorant and a mini
mouthwash she kept a better guy that
promise Gemma sham is not gonna be there
I got a mini little spray thing you're
gonna be there at least you know what my
friends from youtuber called though I'm
impressed I got a mini sprayed stop
talking I got a mini spray bottle for my
unite seven seconds conditioner cuz I
don't want to take the whole big one and
then I got a new buffer and for my nails
because my one is totally like out of it
this is actually the Miss manicure
pocket power one which seemingly you can
put in your handbag well you put any one
in your handbag but it like folds in
half which I thought was quite nifty and
then I also got what else what else is
for me Oh
models own nail polish now I picks up
the first ever color that I'd bought the
other day which was this one which is
called tropical Sun which I really
really like how nice is that so gorgeous
and the one I wanted when I went looking
for it was this one which was Indian
Ocean and it was sold out so I bought
that one instead and then they had it
today when I went in so I brought this
which I love so that one's for me and
then I got lots of nail polishes for
Allison Ingrid and Nicki I kind of like
mixed it up but I got the tropical Sun
for Ingrid because I think she kind of
likes that peachy color so I learned
whether she'll like that and then
to show you as well I got quite a lot of
these Max Factor fantasy fire nail
polishes because apparently they've been
sold out everywhere which I don't know
whether it's kind of a PR hype the Max
Factor doing and then not actually sold
out but I picked up five of these
obviously not sold out they are sold out
now after I went in I got one for Alison
and one for Niki and then I got three
for a giveaway
I'm almost undecided about getting
whether to get one for ingre because I
don't know whether it's her kind of
color and I got her the peach instead
and then I've got her something else too
so just in case you guys are right oh my
god you didn't get one for Ingrid I've
got Ingrid something else that she'll
like just as much so I got those in
there really really gorgeous I really
like them I think it's really nice and I
actually already have this color I
bought this color at the weekend for
myself and then so I went back and got
loads so I got two of those and then I
also got a different color which is I
think it's Profi tea which I thought was
really nice and I got one of those for
Nikki and Alison as well and then I got
another little thing for Nikki and other
things for Alison oh and there and
because I bought something from soap &
Glory for Alison I've got firm called
Body Wash for free which I thought was
pretty good and it smells good
Mike does mike says it's inferior to his
his phone burst Mike's like obsessed
with phone but and then the last thing
that I got is amazing it literally
smells so good it's a boots natural
collection mango and papaya bath essence
and they have a whole mango papaya line
but this smells so good and it was only
2 pounds and essentially I got it for
free because it was three for two on
everything but this stuff oh my god it
is the shin diggity damn like it's that
good I don't know what that was and I
won't say it again
it's amazing and we're gonna go into
Sainsbury's there well you don't mind
all I got oh and what did you get for
those oh you could send them to Indian
if you want I was
create my own little mini cream eggs we
technically I bought them for you I paid
for all and you just put them in put
them in my basket when I wasn't looking
but I might have eaten one so you can
see today and we're choosing Easter eggs
this one yes dad what about for your mom
cuz we should get her a fancy one
hey you're rude what about green and
blacks for your mom or Lindor she's
really fussy with chocolate she Oh
malteaser bunny one she likes malteaser
bunnies doesn't she move chocolate and
hazelnut egg
eight quid that's so worth it who do you
think I should get this egg any guesses
we've got everyone's Easter eggs because
we totally forgot that it was Easter
this Sunday and then look what else is
in my trolley it's very exciting we've
got milk mayonnaise cheese very Darius
as Mike's corner and then select buying
tomato puree
y'all get chocolate chocolate eggs pea
and ham soup I love p.m. ham see if I
don't normally buy this like premade
soup but I love the in ham soup and then
seafood selection because I'm hungry and
I want to eat it in the car
after doing this healthy videomic I'm
not looking very healthy anymore look at
Rowley
it's like 60% chocolate and in bag and
big bag so I'm just in the car with my
parents and Mike and we are off to have
dinner very exciting a curry I was going
to take white but then I just remembered
that I said I would show you what I have
at the Indian as a healthy option
mum's laughing at me because you can all
no that's the thing is you can't really
curries are not very healthy especially
if you eat them like at a restaurant eat
supper to disbar a bigger difference I
think if they had a report the other day
that said a curry is actually reduces
heart disease
it depends what they have in the curry
like if it's a healthy story every day
no I definitely agree but what I have at
the Indian is definitely healthy I think
and I'll show you what it is in a
session but until then I don't know what
no not spinach
mama knows what it is yeah
so I will show you that and that will be
the end of the vlog for today so I will
be innovative okay guys Sahara is king
born
tandoori and it comes with salad so I'm
gonna choose not what about your cheese
