hi guys so it's been requested quite a
lot since I did a vlog mentioning that I
am gonna be trying to live kind of a
healthier lifestyle that I give you kind
of updates on how it's going so this is
gonna be the first update basically for
the last like week and a half I've been
trying to eat really really healthy and
trying to move a little bit more now I
was ill kind of towards the end of last
month and as you guys know if you ever
have like a really bad cough it tends to
kind of stay on your chest for awhile
and if you try and exercise with it it
just basically like I was trying to go
for runs and stuff and it would just
make me cough so much because I hadn't
fully cleared from the cold yet which
like there's too much information but
anyway so I have been trying to do a
little bit of exercise but not kind of
too much strenuous exercise like working
out in the gym and stuff what I have
started by doing is actually walking
with love you I think she's asleep
Whoopie you gonna look up no she's so
stubborn I've been walking with or
trying to like two times a day which
Mike was actually doing for a long time
so I've been trying to like fit that
into my day because she gets half an
hour of walk twice a day and I think
that's a really actually a substantial
amount of just being active it's not
necessarily you know high calorie
burning or the extraneous exercise but
just being active and not kind of living
such a sedentary lifestyle I think is
really good and then I've also been
really enjoying doing Zumba on my wii
which i'm definitely not going to film
or show you guys didn't be doing it
because I have absolutely no sense for
them I'm the worst dancer in the whole
world but I've really been enjoying it
um and yeah that's pretty much the
exercise that I've been doing this week
so not much I'm kind of bring it in very
gently because like I said I'm still
recovering from you know having really
bad cough I've also just bought this DVD
which is today michael's banish fat
boost metabolism six-minute fixes so
i'll let you guys know how i get on with
that as well as for eating healthfully
which is more watts and this whole kind
of change was a
because I really want to help kind of
try and boost my immune system and also
just be a bit more healthy rather than
eating kind of processed foods and stuff
all the time so I thought I would share
with you some of my favorite healthy
snacks I've kind of discovered or
rediscovered that he's like a lot of the
time I knew I liked them before but I
have my little
shopping bag here this is actually my
mum's and I stole it from this bring
everything up here the first thing is
actually it juice and instead of
drinking orange juice in the morning or
coffee I've kind of cut out totally cut
out caffeine from my diet I've the
things like cut out completely are fizzy
drinks so no coke not even like diet
coke because it has sweeteners in it
that are great for you and I've also cut
out caffeine now I wasn't too strict
about cutting out caffeine and I just
kind of avoided it and was drinking with
herbal teas and green teas until today
I went to the market with my month to
pick up some fruit and virgin stuff and
there's a little cafe there and we
stopped and had a cup of coffee and
afterwards I felt all folks I haven't
had a cup of coffee in like ten days at
all and it just made me feel like really
had a key and like a bit crazy like
really lightheaded I'm just not very
nice so I'm definitely sticking to that
more strenuously now like I didn't think
much of it I just said I'll try and
avoid coffee and drink like a herbal tea
instead but now I'm like I actually want
to cut out coffee because you don't
really notice how powerful is until like
when you're drinking it a lot we cut it
out so instead of having like tea and
coffee in the morning I've been drinking
a lot of herbal teas green teas but then
also this juice now this is a juice by
the berry company and I picked this up
at Holland and Barrett and it is fairly
expensive but they're actually having a
sale at the moment which is buy one get
one half price about everything in the
whole shop which is pretty amazing so
these are buy one get one half price but
they're the acai berry juice drink now
it actually has great vandross produce
and eyesight so it is like not a sweet
taste it has no artificial additives no
preservatives no colorings no artificial
flavoring it's just basically just the
juice in it and ask
berries meant to be really high in
antioxidants just generally really good
for you
and I also find it feels like when you
drink it you feel real healthy it's not
super sugary like orange juice can be
really sweet and quite sugary I find
this as a good all the time step to that
and it's like it's just you know she
says still healthy but this is super
healthy another thing I've been really
enjoying drinking because I have cut out
soft drinks like diet coke and diet
lemonade I used to love but I've been
trying to avoid them so I've been loving
my coconut water now this is actually
the original variety which doesn't taste
very good at all
the reason I have this is because I've
saved my months at the moment and her
local supermarket doesn't stock coconut
water if you're wondering where you can
get coconut water from basically the
only supermarket I know of that sells it
is Waitrose and the Waitrose near me
didn't used to stock the one that I
liked which is peach and mango which is
the only one that actually tastes yummy
like when I think of having a peach in
mango what I'm like oh and I get excited
when I think of having this I'm like
it's a drink but I'm not gonna really
enjoy it like I'm just having it instead
of having coffee or a diet coke when I
want something a bit more than water but
that's yeah
too much information anyway so that's
the reason why I got the plain one I
really really recommend the peach and
mango and it's absolutely delicious and
I actually ordered like a whole box of
them from Holland and Barrett online
because you can't even actually get the
picture mango one in my local Holland
about it which is small you can't get a
picture my god and get this one so if
you order online though I think it was a
lot cheaper like they're really
expensive if you buy these in the shop
that like 179 each or something and if
you're drinking like one day that gets
expensive it's almost like I like
smoking you know you and you're paying
that much per week whatever but I
ordered them online I think I paid 33
pounds for 24 so just over like one
pound something each one hand twenty or
something so saves you quite a bit of
money the next thing that I've been
eating is lots of fruit
thing is actually kiwi fruit now kiwi
fruit actually have a lot of vitamin C
in it apparently they have more vitamin
C than oranges I don't know but I much
prefer them than eating like the big
oranges because they're not as messy to
eat and there are a good kind of snack
size it's like if you get hungry in
between meals they're a good thing that
you can just have one and it will just
be like a little snack and I really like
those they're pretty cheap as well like
these are 2 2 pounds and there's six in
each pack so yeah you guys can do the
math they're pretty cheap and I just
really love Kiwi like I like cue me
scent and stuff as well so I'm sorry
eating a lot of kiwi fruit and then the
other fruit I've been loving is
clementines these formulas from
Sainsbury's if you can see uh-huh it's
like a really ugly bag but I really like
these because I love the big Nivelle
oranges I absolutely adore them they
taste really good I really like sharp
oranges the problem I have with those is
that a really hard to actually peel and
B you can't really take them around with
you like and peel them and have it like
eat they go all over you like fingers
and they give you just two sticky
fingers and hands and then you if you
bite into them and they're like runs on
your chin then you guys to each ear
maybe I'm just a messy eater but I
really like clementines because they're
really easy to peel so you kind of have
one in your bag and be on the go and
that's really good as well the next
thing is some yogurt and I um every time
I've been on kind of a health kick
before I've always gone for the the
phage natural Greek yogurts like naught
percent fat Greek yogurts and I do like
them I always add a little bit of
natural sweetener to them because they
don't really taste that great on their
own but I recently discovered these and
these are the Activia Greek style yogurt
in golden honey flavor and I usually
don't kind of get pulled in by these
kind of dieting yogurts but my mum
bought some the other day I know in the
fridge might actually end up eating all
of hers because they were so tasty but
these are a little bit more runny than
traditional Greek yogurt but the honey a
she I don't even like honey like I would
never have honey on my
I don't like honey on its own but it
tastes so good in these yogurts and they
have 122 calories and 3.5 grams of fat
in each one because I'm always really
wary of things that say like the low fat
can often be higher in calories or they
can have like a lot of preservatives and
stuff in them but as far as I can see
these aren't too bad in terms of what
they have in them and they actually are
really satisfying because there are
really kind of thick you're good and I
really like this so I'd recommend this
to anyone that's like trying to eat
healthfully because they make a great
snack they're also great for breakfast
like I've been having you're going to
fruit a lot for breakfast and these are
really good or if you say a lot of the
time if I cook for my kale have pudding
and a half like a sticky toffee pudding
or something if you get really really
jealous and you need something to eat
for putting these are great as well
because they give you that kind of sweet
kick same thing with fruit but they're a
little bit more substantial and free the
next thing is this is actually not the
exact one that I was going to recommend
but like I said the one that I like it's
actually from waitress time cuz aren't
my mum's I ate all the ones I brought
with me and I had to buy something the
same fries because her local supermarket
Sainsbury's and on a side note
okay wait Rose gets so much like stick
in general for being expensive but
personally like I think for in terms of
like what you get how much you get in
quality I think Sainsbury's is expensive
like I think wait Rose is definitely
like competing with same exact same
freezes over price for the quality
because I don't think the quality is
that way anyway that's a total side note
and anyone that's not in the UK will be
like what the hell are you talking about
so I like to eat the precooked chicken
breast packets now these are slice and
this is the difference that I don't
recommend it's the ones that you get
from weight trays I actually like mini
Phillips I think you get like five or
six mini Phillips per pack in waitress
whether these are like slice and you
don't get as much which I don't think
it's good but the reason why I like to
keep this kind of precooked chicken in
my fridge is because it's great if you
are trying to eat healthily and you're
gonna be doing like a lot of salads and
things like that they can often be so
boring and if you don't have the time to
kind of prepare your lunch everyday like
cook a piece of chicken from scratch
then these are amazing just use pop them
in the microwave pop them on top of your
salad and they make it 10 million times
better
so this variety is actually the sweet
chilli version and I have actually try
this money out like I said because I
normally get my words from Waitrose but
the ones that I recommend from Waitrose
that are so tasty are the sweet chili
ones and the pesto so I would definitely
recommend that if you're trying to kind
of eat more salads and staff they are
amazing and other thing as well as pine
nuts and put pine nuts on like every
single salad tastes yummy last but not
least is a pack of fruit nuts now I'm
really really fussy with the type of
kind of trail mixes and nuts and stuff
that I eat just because like a lot of
them just aren't great like they have
too many raisins in I really don't like
raisins that much and they're okay if
they're mixing small quantities but it's
just like raisins and nuts I just don't
like it but this variety I mean
absolutely been loving it's the flaming
hot mix and this is actually by a brand
called Neal's Yard Whole Foods but I got
this in Holland and Barrett again and
it's basically it has a blend of fruit
nuts seeds and chilies now there's not
something that I was expecting and it
does sound really different but I
definitely wanted to try it so I thought
it sounded good
it's basically you've got almonds
pumpkin seeds a few raisins but not too
many and dried cranberries and then a
few tiny little bits of chili flakes and
if you aren't worried about this being
hot it's not hot at all it's more of
like just a little bit unusual like a
little bit of warmth to it and I just
think it's so good if you want to snack
in between meals or whatever they're
just they make the perfect thing to eat
and they actually taste like really
really nice instead of just being like a
raisin and then that's like that just
doesn't do anything for me but I really
love these and the only thing you have
to be careful with is nuts as portion
control because um nuts are actually
really high in fat and although it is
good fat like you don't wanna be eating
the whole bag like they do have quite a
lot of fat in them
and then fairly high calorie whilst you
like me if that fat in your diet and you
mean calories in your diet like like I
said if you eat the whole bag it's gonna
defeat the point if you try to eat
healthily because you just have a lot of
fire in your eyes so that is it for my
video on my kind of updated healthy
lifestyle and favorite snacks and a bit
of a disclaimer I'm not like a
professional nutritionist anything that
I recommend is just from my personal
experience and from my research online
on the web and stuff so if I've said
something that is a little bit wrong
don't jump on me and say actually like I
know that there nothing about not eating
too many not someone will comment being
right there so good for you I know
that's a good for you but if you eat a
whole bag then it's not that good for
you so anyway that is my update on
healthy lifestyle I'd love it for you
guys and if there's anyone out there
that's trying the same thing let me know
or if there's anyone that has any tips
any professional nutritionists that have
any tips for me or any food
recommendations and let me know and I'll
try them out and maybe include them in
my next video if they become kind of a
favorite thing to eat I hope you guys
are having a great day don't forget to
subscribe if you want to see more
updates I've got so many videos but I
want to do on this channel in the next
like week I just my head is gonna
explode so yeah I hope you guys are
having a great day and I'll see Z bye
