good morning guys welcome to the 21st
day so this morning a massive package is
just arrived from Charlotte Tilbury
which I'm super excited about I don't
normally do this whole like blogger mail
thing because I feel like sometimes it's
a bit like braggy and annoying and yeah
I feel like it's an Instagram thing as
well a lot of people do on Instagram but
I wanted to open this because it's so
beautiful I just thought I'm gonna share
it with you guys this morning so first
of all there is a card I haven't opened
any of this yet either
says dear Fleur happy holidays darling
make all your dreams come true in the
new year loss of love from Charlotte
Tilbury and then there is a little
package on top and then a giant
Charlotte Tilbury box so I've just
opened up the big box there's so much
stuff in here look how awesome this is
is an eye mask which looks super super
soft actually there's Charlotte's rule
book of legendary parties where
something fabulous
oh hello Kate Moss this is actually
really good can we look through that and
there's stuck down there is these are
the mini lipsticks I've always wanted
these oh my god these are the cutest
things I've only ever seen them in the
shop before is aren't they're the cutest
things you've ever seen
they are mini little lipstick charms oh
my god that's so cute
I'm so excited about though this is a
speaker really cool as tiny actually
thinks like a Wi-Fi speaker there are
some badges I think yeah pin badges love
it there's a mini brush set oh my god
how amazing is that so cute and there's
a party clutch party look in a clutch
see what's in here oh my god there's an
eyeliner mascara lip liner lipstick and
this is an eyeshadow
I so pretty as well sparkles very very
excited about that and then I think
there is a whole nother layer what oh my
god this is insane
says drink me drink the disco ball
you can drink out of the disco ball look
at the straw and you put the straw in
the disco ball that is very cool there's
a little party shaker like a cocktail
shaker and then there is a bauble
Charlotte Tilbury bauble which I think
has something in it eyeliner and mascara
in it that's so cool
and then when the party is over revive
me it's her magic cream how cool is that
guys oh my god that's so unbelievably
generous massive thank you to shout
Tilbury for that I super super awesome
and there's still one more thing to go
I'm gonna open this this packaging looks
insane as well so beautiful it's from
somewhere called Luis Miguel Howard I
think that's jewelry oh this looks very
let's like pass the parcel guys oh my
god it has stars on it how beautiful is
this necklace so so lucky thank you so
much all the Charlotte tool routine
that's so so generous of you I love it
and I know Charlotte tillery's thing is
stars but my thing is stars as well so I
love it just that little bit more guys
because I would never get a cent all
these amazing things without you I'm
gonna be giving away this pot of magic
cream it's actually a giant pot so the
normal size i think is 50ml this is a
hundred and fifty mil look at this isn't
it amazing it's huge
if you want to win this I think it's
worth about 180 pounds it's super super
but serious and the cream inside is
actually amazing I actually have one
already you guys want to win it all you
have to do is head over to my twitter
which is at further Falls and tweet me
saying what you are most excited about
in the next few days in the run-up to
Christmas or if you don't celebrate
Christmas what you're excited about for
the new year and
use the hashtag FDF giveaway and it will
be open internationally for 24 hours
after this video goes live so good luck
so I'm cooking for Mike for once in my
life yeah I know guys I'm cooking him
some lunch scrambled eggs on toast for
lunch as you guys know we're a big fan
of the old scrambled eggs actually do
them in this pattern and I'm putting in
as long as we have we do have bread
he'll definitely want a slice of this
best five-minute lunch ever not as fancy
as Mike's cooking but it's safety dog
walking with my favorite group of people
piglet is thoroughly peed off that she's
on the lead and treacle is so naughty at
the new house seriously she just likes
it every walk so she's under special
measures with Mike Mike strain it's a
lovely day for a walk
it's chucking it down with rain damn it
we are now in the car on our way to very
exciting place we're going to pick up my
new car which is super exciting because
I've been waiting for it for a while
it's been having some adjustments has
some new wheels and the new bumper on it
so having a new bumper later so anyway
we'll bump y'all road we've got
everything packed up in the back as well
including the dogs there in the booth
the colors we are going to pick up my
car and then we're going over to our
mums house we're taking all of our
Christmas presents because tomorrow
we're going to up north
stay with Mike's family and then we're
going straight to my mum's on Christmas
Eve so we're not gonna go home and we
don't want to take like a whole car full
of presents up north and then back down
south and just here there and everywhere
so that is what's happening also on
another note because I've been driving
Mike's car so much recently he's got
like a blue
two thing in his car that like picks up
your phone and plays the music whenever
you get in because I've been driving it
so much automatically it picks up my
phone we get in the car now mike is
right I'm like the cheesy Christmas
music will be playing no choices no
choices let's go and pick up my car I'm
super excited you guys are wondering we
don't normally talk about cars very much
hi my new car sir I'm watching the
traffic as well as my ex I don't trust
him I'm getting a Jeep Wrangler and I'm
really excited about it it's just the
little one so like the three
door-to-door one square one mini
recognize a mini Wrangler that's what
I'm getting and I'm very excited about
it so yeah
my phone ran out of battery so now we
have to listen to my expensive
not at Christmas first machine that is
mr. wall and you like that too but not
actually but it's Christmas EE Christmas
music at Christmas by golly guys welcome
to my new car the outside is missing a
few tweaks and we're having a star on
the side and Mike's coming as well this
is it guys isn't it cool I love it it's
like a cute little chunky 4x4 and I'm
obsessed with it these are the new
wheels I love it we've come over to mums
to hang out and on the kids are here mom
she is lovely oh the hairdresser's
apparently having a pre-christmas Buffon
what I like about mums at Christmas
where else I don't like actually to be
honest so you come around it said she's
so festive look at this this is mums
Christmas cake homemade Christmas cake a
goblet full of something whatever this
is full of stolen which is so tasty
mince pie and then that's the kids
dinner which is common that some some
monkey lemons this is also one of Lulu's
masterpieces it looks like she pooed on
it and then put glitter on it Lulu on
the 11th of the 3rd 16 sparkly turn
pouring a little bit of champagne for
everybody I got sent this very fancy
champers by Tom Ford thank you to the
ladies at Tom Ford's back so I'm pouring
a glass for everybody and everyone here
is having a debate about recycling the
Pied Piper of dogs and children Mike
yeah you're right there
go give him a kiss Mouse give megive
look at these two eating their cheese
straws and playing drafts so
sophisticated we've got a massive take
away visitors tonight do you think they
knew that we like the pickles very big
Carrie central right now this one's mine
King Kong sag spinachy goodness we just
got home from mums and I'm chillin with
my pinky and my tree key and I think
squid squid just joined us now as well
such a nice evening with the kiddos and
my sister so chilled very very festive
hey peaky
