hey guys so it's the first of April
which means I'm gonna be vlogging every
day all month I wanted to do an April
Fool's joke but Mike's just told me that
apparently if it's after twelve o'clock
then the joke's on you joke's on you
joke's on him to you so we are just
gonna take her for a walk
and show you her new technique of
walking because Mike's got this new
thing that he likes to do a tour which i
think is really funny and then we might
show you a few of the cute little lambs
in the field and that's about it really
we're not really um today is not gonna
be a really kind of exciting vlog
because we have been clearing out
gardens all day well mike has been I've
been looking after spike in London and
my brother's garden was like kind of
overgrown so we had like a big makeover
didn't there so we're off to show you
what's new technique of bull chasing
there's birth in progress birth in
progress it might be dad
well is it dad are you gonna go and look
this is like this is the field here
which is like right in front of our
house that all of the like the really
pregnant lambs go in so they often have
their well the pregnant lambs will
prevent sheep go so they often have
their lambs like right in the field is
it dead if you guys can see there's the
mummy just like looking protective if
it's just been born it might not like
sit up straight away
sure it's fine this is woofs new
exercising technique look how excited
she gets Mike basically practices golf
looking really not very cool by the way
just can throw it out there
whenever there's golf glove and woof
chases them and gets really excited are
you gonna hit them here cuz you can hit
it for her
so that is Worth's new technique of
walking I don't know really how about
much else to say today I'm really sleepy
because I just fell asleep in the car on
the way home and then I remembered that
it was the first of eight books I had to
be vlogging everyday at the moment I'm
just gonna call these April vlog if you
got a better name Mike slug April vlog
April what about late Perl no and I
don't want to call it something that
somebody else has caught it before so I
think I might just stick with April vlog
let me know if anyone has any good new
ideas for names then let me know but so
far it is April vlog but yeah this week
is going to be pretty chilled to be
honest lots of me just kind of
day-to-day stuff I'm not going anywhere
this week and then next week very very
excitingly as a lot of you will know
anyway I'm going to New York which I'm
so excited about I'm actually flying out
with Tanya and Jim oh pixee - woo and
Jimmy ba ba and then we're meeting
Ingrid's Muslim Roxy Allison Emmerich's
and Nikki Nikki Phillippi when we're out
there so it should be really really cool
I'm so excited and I leave in about a
week and a half so Michael is that he's
gonna miss me loads really aren't you
but yeah another update I was well on my
hair loads of people said in the video
that I first uploaded it
looks really pink I think it's kind of a
mixture between the lighting and also
the fact that it's dyed with vegetable
dye so it does have like a slight Reddy
purpley tinge to it but it's faded out
quite a lot now so it's going kind of
light again but I actually quite like it
at this stage when it's kind of like
in-between so I might end up going like
kind of just dark blonde I really like
the kind of Jennifer Aniston color
Mike's looking at me like you wants to
kill me I think you'd like it if it's
like this but a bit more a bit less
patchy because obviously it's kind of
washing out at the moment so it's and I
haven't brushed it today so um I didn't
have a hair brush we say don't pick up
the golf balls apparently but yeah I do
quite like it this color and it changes
like every time I film with it it's
different colors so yeah I've had people
a lot of people weimar I didn't like it
in the first video but I liked it in the
second video and presumably if I'm
vlogging you're gonna see it's like
stage by stage day by day so this is
after one wash but I'm gonna go I'm
definitely gonna go back and do it like
permanently but I'm not gonna do it
exactly how it was I'm gonna have it
more like this kind of like caramel like
warm Brown anyway before Mike hits this
at me oh my god you actually scare me
when you do that so Mike do you want to
explain to everybody what you just did I
have a pitching wedge but what did you
just do did you just hit I was not in
the way I was miles away Mike hit me
with a go for a baby cry it was it was
the unfortunate you have an issue where
you have a magnet attached to you that
draws balls to you and when Mike says I
have a magnet attached to me
that attracts bulls like seriously I do
like whenever I was at school I would
always be hit by a ball if Mike's
playing football I will be hit with the
ball like every single time I was
standing like totally at the side like I
am now but probably further away and it
hit me on the back and it made me Christ
and I got my sunglasses all because I
smudged on my mascara for the rest of
the vlog just to keep you updated guys
the little lamb is not dead it just took
its first couple of steps I don't know
if you can actually see it at the moment
you probably can't which might be a good
thing because it's literally just been
born but um it's like behind its mummy
but it's alive hooray and the mummy
sheep and this isn't just like this is
Mike's dad shed by the way guys we don't
just rock it into some random for home
he all right
oh I love the black and white body buns
oh look at him down there he's really
cute too hello and this one oh they're
cute this year there's loads of like
spotty ones do you reckon there's any
that have to be bottle-fed I think the
little one over there is my favorite
it's sitting down he looks really cute
this is where the teeny tiny ones go oh
hi mommy
so cute it's always he okay oh so cute
these are brand brand new ones hmm
brand new be new morning new model okay
guys so that's it for today's vlog I
hope you enjoy seeing the tiny baby
lambs will probably show you at some
other point of the month when they get a
bit bigger and they're outside and they
kind of get really jumpy don't they like
prance around that's really cute but
yeah hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
I will see you tomorrow
sorry about the red eyes it's thanks to
this one here smacking me with a golf
ball
how rude we'll see y'all tomorrow
