hi guys so as you might be able to tell
I am in my new room set up and I
absolutely love it first off just to
apologize fighting I haven't um set up
the lighting that's going to go in front
of me yet um so it might be a little bit
grainy cuz I had to change settings on
the camera to kind of brighten it up but
I'm not going to be filming here all the
time but I just love the backdrop so
much and i'm really excited now to be
able to film at my parents house as well
so if you guys haven't seen my like new
room tour yet which i uploaded just
before this video then i'll put a link
here for you guys to go and check it out
anyway today um i am going to do a bit
of a haul from as in now I've never done
a whole video like a proper whole video
on this channel i've done like a few
things i bought this in vlogs but
basically i thought because i've bought
quite a lot of stuff that you guys might
want to see but it's not necessarily
beauty and fashion related i thought i
would put it on this channel so
basically i bought a load of books and
if you guys didn't watch my la vlogging
you might not know that i left my kindle
on the plane how annoying is that and i
literally I'm kicking myself still
however I've kind of rediscovered
reading real book so I really I'm kind
of starting to enjoy reading real books
again but whenever I travel I'm like oh
so annoying because I don't ever want to
take my book because it's a big fat
heavy book and it takes up like half my
handbag so I do miss kind of taking a
book with me on the train and things
like that because I haven't been doing
that but anyway I bought a whole lot of
new books and most of these was actually
pretty much all of these pretty much
with suggestions from you guys when I
did my favorite books video so thank you
for the suggestions and I will get on to
show you what I bought the first thing
was probably one of the most highly
recommended ones and it's the maze
runner this is as a she says on the top
a must for fans of The Hunger Games this
is like really widely compared to them
the games and I can see why in the story
I'll read the back to you it says when
the doors lift when the doors of the
lift crank open the only thing Thomas
can remember is his first name but he's
not alone he's surrounded by boys who
welcome him to the glade an encampment
as
center of a bizarre and terrible maze
like Thomas the Gladers don't know why
or how they came to be there or what's
happened to the world outside all they
know is that every morning when the
walls slide back they will risk
everything to find out so I think the
sounds really really exciting most of
the books that I got are actually kind
of based on a futuristic dystopian kind
of society I think partly because in my
favorite book video I was talking about
how much i love the hunger games and
what else did i say i love during that I
can't even remember but anyway I think
it's because of that but I'm loving the
sound of that the second one I picked up
is noughts and crosses by Malorie
Blackman and this is actually kind of
interesting i haven't i heard a lot
about the major on for I haven't heard
so much about this and on the back it
says cameras are not a second-class
citizen in a world run by the ruling
crosses seffy is a cross daughter of one
of the most powerful men in the country
in their world noughts and crosses
simply don't mix and as hostility turns
to violence can calamus Fe possibly find
a way to be together they are determined
to try and then the bomb explodes so
that's how exciting and I can't wait to
read that and then the next one I got
was the first book in the game of
thrones line is ashley i think it's
called a song of fire and ice I don't
know whether ya book one of a song for a
nice as the game of thrones this was
basically recommended to me by a lots
and lots of people and what I was in la
visiting my friend Ingrid she said how
much she loved the TV show and I haven't
seen any of the TV show and but I know
she loved the book as well so I thought
I prefer to read the book first before i
watch the TV show so I got that it's
actually kind of a heavy book so I don't
know when I think I'm less excited to
read this than the other one so I don't
know when I'm going to get around to
reading that it might even be like in
the summer of my summer holidays but I'm
glad to have that and then finally I
also got by virgin which was really
highly recommended to me and I actually
saw it in a video that L all verses 21
did and it sounded really cool very
simple as hungry
games kind of thing and the book is like
amazing for this it's like a holographic
book cover I love that I think it's
amazing and so that's the last new book
that I got I also picked up another copy
of Jody pick up 19 minutes because this
is I listed this as one of my favorite
books um in my book video but then I
realized I don't actually remember who I
then 22 because I left it somebody a
long time ago and I really want to
reread it so I bought me one of these
and these were all really good prices I
don't know if you guys order books from
Amazon at a lot but they were all like
between three most number three and four
pounds i think one was six I can't
remember which one was six but and they
were all a lot cheaper than there would
be if you buy them in the shops yeah so
that's what I got book wise i also got a
few bits of technology technologies I
got a new tripod whoo how exciting is
this I know this isn't massively
exciting what I know a lot of people who
watch my videos actually make their own
videos so um I thought you might find it
interesting to know about when you equip
an eyeball so this tripod the tripod
that my camera is standing on right now
where you guys are sitting right there
it's actually like a death trap for my
camera it's an amazing tripod it's
called the Sun pack travel smart and it
was so so good because it folds up to a
teeny tiny thing like literally half the
size of this and it goes really high
like as tall as me and it has been great
it's really light and everything but the
a lot of the features like how you move
it and stuff the actual pin has just
come out and won't go back in so every
now and again the camera will just go
bosch and like fall on its front and
that has just it's got to be bad for the
lens so I thought it's about time I
picked up a new tripod this one was
actually so cheap it was thinking was 13
pounds which seems amazing because I was
unsure of what the quality was gonna be
like foot because i personally like my
tripod stays in a similar place the
whole time I'm not kind of taking it
outside it doesn't need to be heavy duty
it just needs to be like a standard for
my camera it doesn't you know have to do
anything special so I was kind of
apprehensive about the quality of this
one but like at first
I obviously haven't used it yet but it
seems pretty sturdy 413 pounds i thought
it was such a good bye and it has the
kind of thing here and you can wind it
up and down do whatever like this which
my last tripod didn't have so um I
thought that was a really good bye I'll
put links to everything in the nation
Pablo if you want to know exactly which
ones I bought but I got only tripod and
I'm very excited about that and next I
got a couple of other kind of techy
things I got a new USB flash drive um
this is basically because whenever i do
any videos for anyone else like i don't
know if you guys know but i make videos
for the carmine website things like that
if I ever have to send them the video
because the internet isn't that fast
where I live it's sometimes easier just
to pop it on a USB stick and send it
overnight instead of uploading it
because it saves them upload download
whatever and therefore I end up like
losing a lot of these because I'm
sending them to people but and this was
actually really good price i think it
was eight pounds and i was going to buy
a few of them because they're a lot more
expensive in the shops i was going to
buy a few of them but i wanted to see
like how good a quality this one was
before so yeah I thought that was quite
a good deal and then I also got this
little case for my SD cards which I
always II used to take pictures and
films and stuff and it actually fits
eight I only have three at the moment
but it's definitely something that i
will use because i don't know if you
guys know but when you buy an SD card
they come with the like little plastic e
cases and i always seem to lose them I
just thought would be easier to have a
case where you keep all my SD cards in
at the same time when I travel and
they're not going to get like bashed
around a lot of the time I'll leave one
inside of my laptop because I don't have
a case for it but then it kind of sticks
out the edge so it's a little bit dodgy
i think so i got bad i think this was
about four or five pounds and it's
really nice quality actually its
aluminium and feels really sturdy so
that's good and then finally you guys
are gonna laugh but you know i'm on that
health and fitness kick well finally I
bought a DVD and it's Jillian Michaels
banish fat
metabolism six-minute fixes basically
I'm going to update you guys in a kind
of health and fitness video which i'm
going to upload i'm going to record it
after this video it will probably be
uploaded like a couple of days from when
this video goes up but I've been really
enjoying my some DVD copy of a she a
game it's on the week um I've been
really enjoying that I really like it
but I think if you do things too often
you kind of get bored of them so I was
looking for something new to try out and
I get bored like doing a whole workout
TV that was like an hour long would bore
me to tears and I would basically just
fail and stop doing it so I thought this
sounds kind of good because it sounds
like it might be like little bits of
work out kind of blasts rather than and
like a whole hour and I get bored and
never watch it again but this was really
cheap as well i think it was like
reduced to five pounds or something and
i thought i might as well try it because
I've had really good things about her
DVDs I know her 30 day shred dvd was
like um II thought like number one or
number two or something and I was
tempted to try that and i thought i'll
transfer first and then i'll see how it
goes so that is the last thing in my
amazon hall i hope you guys enjoy this
video let me know if you like seeing
this kind of IDEO because I've never
leave I want for ya so I'd love to know
what you guys think and let me know if
you like when you background I look so
in love with it if I'm looking in the
monitor all the time I'm like looking at
the pretty lights and being like oh I'm
so happy it's like a girly room like I
haven't had a girly room and so long I
love it um so yeah that is it say I hope
you guys are all having a fab day and I
will see you mercy bye
