hi guys we are walking along the river
stone in Paris and romance is romantic
again hello day two in Paris and we are
going for the walk and a shot we've
actually more peep about half an hourish
quite a long time it's so nice it's such
a nice day and we just come out to knock
your dance I thought it would show you a
little bit of scenery if you guys have
never been to Paris before it's really
really beautiful and thought you might
like to see it but we're under bridge at
the moment so character I'm talking but
yeah we're going for a little shot today
looking for some French skincare and
also just generally a bit of a shop so
we're heading to the French who care
first because that's kind of where we
know it is and then a mooch around bit
of a walk it is like midsummer actually
feels like home on proper holiday like
yeah the summer and so nice so nice to
get away for just like bloggers on well
yeah bloggers on tour and our train home
is it like 430 so we're not like leaving
too late or anything it's almost like a
half a day but just so so nice so
there's some boats here see the chair
was getting a camera around and yeah
river and not Radames behind this bridge
which I will show you in a minute we
need to actually head up we're heading
up that way towards san jamar which
should be cool but this is what it looks
like at the moment i'll will walk a
bit further up and i'll show you not
your damn so here's not trade arm guys
as you can see it's very very beautiful
on how nice the day is as well as just
incredible and i'll keep showing you
some scenery as we go along we're at the
bridge with all the padlocks and me and
Gemma well basically i wanted to
put our own padlock and declare my love
for Gemma but she doesn't feel the same
way so your team how it might feel it
might be a little bit what could to be
honest but yeah we're at the bridge
where all of the padlocks you like put a
padlock up with your partner and throw
the key in the river and it's forever
and there is nocturnal again and off we
go shopping I just can't believe how
much a nice day it is and I say that
five hundred times Gemma by the way I
spotted I'm not really know because I've
already got my phone this little
restaurant on that doesn't it look cute
look about is it gonna be really
touristy and not very tasty because yeah
it's like there's not trade arms there's
the restaurant here the keys at the
locks and everybody goes from here and
then goes for a red and then see so
that's what I'm thinking but it looks
nice look at the oranges down there
that's going to make fresh orange juice
I quite fancy a fresh orange juice right
now we're trying to spot the like if
adults have taken yeah because a lot of
them I mean if you look at this side
there are not as many yeah but this side
obviously we're not to damage there's
there's term has tons and we're trying
to work out because we can't spot
anything older than like or 2004 with
lightest most of them in 2010-2011
there's a few rusty 100 people start
doing mr. I don't know whether the sauce
do you use it if you live in Paris or
something that's when it started I don't
know if you guys know about it something
cycling on the pavement Holloway um if
you guys know about if you live in Paris
or you just happening
done researching you know let us know
we're quite interested like do they take
them off so we think that's really sad
like they have to take in over a few
years to clear a room like new ones
we've got a threesome or whether it's
just a fairly new thing we don't know is
how superstitious people that if the
thing is broken by the paris driver then
move this flip have to break up if it's
like dude is over since Neoga elephant
pharmacy and it is immediately that's
crazy busy oh yes I was pushing this is
crazy please relish recommended edition
mental so we just left the pharmacy I
was a stressful stressful experience in
literally so so many people that javis
dog at the same time so I'm going to
move slightly away this is the pharmacy
that we went to on Rue de for that was
recommended by mr. Eldridge and it was
actually really cool and I got some
really cool stuff that I'm excited about
German blogging behind me and learn and
learn but we're going to go find
supplies same thing and I feel like I
got angry in that shop it was so
everyone with barging everyone was like
it was stressed all the pajamas we have
to wait so we're just going to go and
get so much I'm so thirsty it's
literally like midsummer today and it's
amazing but I'm so so thirsty this from
it's really cool
I just want to go in there for that
could be some awesome action going along
down here where should we go for lunch
yeah we saw some really nice things on
our way yeah I will update you when we
are eating and drinking how I feel
slightly refreshed because right now i'm
a bit distressed from the crazy bargy
people and shop we need a cafe No so we
a little bit late now we just had some
lunch we didn't actually film it because
we were sitting really close to this
woman who kept on talking to us was a
little bit she was this old lady is
telling us what to do and we thought if
we got a camera Oh My gods as a dog in
sephora dawkins poor dog in school like
joint like hearing people tracking the
liquids yeah it's been i'm not there my
it's a little bit don't know we're
having Dodson anywhere in sephora now I
feel like I'm in America this is amazing
I've got told off by the security guard
filming sporadically I walked their
daughters like her I mean it like it was
on it like a gin and tonic in a car
bonnet whichever a minute I think I like
on it like gin and tonic yeah that was
kind of annoying and we didn't buy
anything we did see some interesting Lee
named products though like
yep realizing that shower puffs in
French art fleur de douche I don't like
that name I don't think that's a good
name to Gemma German loves it Chamonix
is the perfect dude hahaha and we're on
our way back now well we're going back
to hotel and then in a Japanese taxi go
to garden off and have a casual trip
home on the Eurostar relaxing hopefully
well let's face time with Gemma sighs
I'm going to happen see you later
Gemma's found a new man man it's all
over she's gonna run away to Paris with
this guy
London's we understand the lounge
waiting to get on the Eurostar home it's
very sad to be going but it's almost
like been such a quick trip that it's
been a real treat but you know when it's
like I always like to leave trips
feeling like I want more and it's been
such an amazing day and it's been really
good watch out with jen who's there
standing because we don't get to spend a
lot of time together to jam will be
women what we do it's brushed like yeah
we're always an underling yeah russian
passenger there but it's been really
nice to kind of just spend the day like
having a movie and we've done the world
tonight we didn't do much shopping tool
we didn't we only ended up getting a few
bits from the pharmacy and we just kind
of walked and enjoyed the scenery it's
pretty nice so might end the vlog here
actually I'm going to end the vlog here
but there's gonna be another blog also
from today because tonight I'm going to
see The Hunger Games in imax and I've
never been before so I'm gonna put that
in a separate vlog because I'm few short
today's blogging make up a bit long I
don't like my folks to get over 10
minutes I was like I don't know how it's
keep them snappy but yeah so I'll
probably vlog later but if you want to
see that then it'll be up through the
day after I put this up so I hope you
guys will have a great day and good bye
from Paris
by Jambo
