hi guys so today I have some exciting
news two pieces of exciting news number
one look who I'm with it's jello and
number two we are going to Paris for the
day it's very exciting we're basically
while you try on some clothes I nearly
watch some dog food just am I excited so
we are on our way to some prank list now
to get the Eurostar just crossing road
sorry I'm not looking and yeah we're
gonna have called in and we're staying
over and spending the kind of morning /
early afternoon in Paris tomorrow so we
will see you in a bit why hey guys we
currently in lounge waiting for
everybody and we're not sure if we're in
the right place is looking high but i'm
not sure what I mean I don't know
whether it will be like appropriate of
log later on like throughout the trip
right now Mike either way we'll get a
vlog when we get to the hotel because
the hotel looks pretty cool and yeah and
then our day in Paris tomorrow which
will hopefully be very romantic yeah so
romantic Oh a shower apparently this is
right I just want to tell you guys
something what I told me which hotels
box I don't hotel she then drops the
clangor that there is a see-through
bathroom door yeah shower door so that's
the bathroom door the whole bathrooms
they were mixed review some people like
to see through some people like it's
slightly like frosted glass which I
don't mind either way it's gonna be a
whole lot more intimate my using so
we're gonna be getting to know Julie
should show tho manner yeah Gemma's own
goods oh yeah do you have a technical
one caviar manicure which I actually did
my own so happens or than I had this one
than yesterday yeah thanks I'm gonna do
a whole video about these are my beauty
channel possess oh cool it's like making
you the new nail thing and it's like I
find like so rare that something new and
cool comes out there
I didn't although last night you know I
was wondering I wonder how crazy DIY
would get with these with little beads
you could get in a jewelry shop yes and
I think that is how she did it so how
did you come up with the idea she was
like I was just playing around with
texturize like to maybe mix Comet make
sure wrong colors but these are amazing
and it's so easy so these would be
amazing feel I got married fellate your
feet yeah somebody asked me actually on
Instagram where to get it cuz they
wanted what I want in yeah until later
guys hey this is a bit later in the day
now we're actually paid on the phone
what we could film in the Loreal have
said it was actually so interesting to
learn more about how they work and it
was a really lore'l so really really
interesting but now we are going to some
cocktails in this amazing building which
i believe is LaGrant pilot says so there
it's a bit taller than me and a
beautiful slab bed so we're going to go
in there and have a future you know it
is the most beautiful day in paradise
strong way it's beautiful I hopefully it
won't be dark by the time everyone else
is only able to go for a tour of Paris
and it would be romantic dear Momo do I
see that in your blog on my last I said
it I said I just wanna throw max for
Gemma basically that's it bye I just
write the hotel I thought I would do a
very quick love you guys and show you
will continue my vlog and show you the
hotel because I actually found this
hotel from recommend recommendation for
my Brotherhood stay here before and I
actually am really impressed because
we're meant to have a normal room and we
actually ended up having two beds which
is really really awesome so I am here by
the door this is where I came in behind
me is the bathroom which looks like this
so we have a vast pretty standard
bathroom there's me hello and and then
you come into the room and this hotel is
called the color hotel and basically
each floor as a different color and it's
a different way classification of room
so they have different kind of things on
each floor and I guess we're on the pink
floor which means that we have to go
three-person room so we have a double
bed here and a single bed there sadly
like I don't know today was really
awkward and Gemma was being like not
very nice to me and so we decided to
stay in different hotels and like I
don't really want to talk about it much
more because um it's really awful quit
and I just yeah like it's a bit of all
got one but anyway we have like almost
like a balcony as well which is really
exciting Hey oh my god you scared me
okay guys anyone that's watching Emma's
blog before now we'll know we're very
sad and that was a lie jammer is still
my friend Amanda not me and we're
obviously very immature it may have
anything that wasn't matter thanks if
you really wanted I think I think the
people of a hotel we cannot be like it's
everything alright girls yeah I've since
fine we're a little bit over excited
that we're in Paris in fact that we
actually have quite a large room yeah
party no party I mean volume we got bean
by bean bag what else we have we have a
bit of pink what does this just this
move oh oh oh it's a wardrobe I thought
it was another room with a see that's
actually amazing and ward room Oh ipod
dock in the balcony you can see outside
it you probably won't be able to see
outside here because it's an iphone it's
not great but I could see my nose and
but yet all the different floors have
different colored and plastica the
balcony swell although ours doesn't have
plastic over balcony that's odd anyway
um yeah we have a little desk for
Jemma's laptop and we have my little bed
and Gemma spared and these are this is
I'm so input I'm actually really
impressed with this hotel because I'm
gonna see is it a hundred you or I
tonight 100-pound 100 pounds 126 and
says 50 pounds each and you could fit
three people in here I think that's
really good for Paris I think it's
really good so we are going to hunt down
a restaurant now and because Gemma's
vegetarian and a proper vegetarian sushi
doesn't you fish either a pothole and
realize it's really hard in France
because he lives in France were on each
other and it was difficult right I was
explaining to fly like I go to a
restaurant my family came to visit it
and I feel like 680 was going out for a
meal and I just asked them is that any
can't you can make a salad or pizza
anything and they like no and the chef
would rather like turn party away then
cook something that you didn't want to
make well that was just so it's a
challenge yeah I know how this is easy
access like there's bit more it doesn't
bigger as well yeah so we're gonna try
and find somewhere that does something
tasty for Gemma cuz we don't want to go
we don't want her to go without tasty
food obviously I'm all right I'm Ali
well they're far are they in Paris has
been really fun and I feel ragazze if I
can show you guys more in the L'Oreal
research labs because it was actually
kind of confidential we had to put on
these like plastic lab coat and I kid
you know I thought I was going to faint
at one point because it was kind of warm
in there and because we were wearing
this plastic lab coats over the top for
clothes it was like sweat central log
flume on the log flume on towers if
anyone knows what we mean then thumbs up
but it would they weren't very
attractive but I didn't write about that
but the fact that I was really hot and I
I've got quite strong disposition if
that makes sense that makes sense
doesn't Lee said sure yeah yeah um
rather than a weakness position like I
don't really get faint very often and I
honestly thought I was going to faint
and it was going to be really
embarrassing whilst this head scientist
was telling us about L'Oreal's research
into hair color ins and um it could have
been really embarrassing but it wasn't
it was ok this fine got what if we got
water and we we were all right but I
wish we could phone a bit more but it
was kind of um you weren't allowed to
film and they told you there was certain
spots that you'd like to take a picture
and there I couldn't do anything because
it's there like research place my guess
I guess i'll see ya the machines they
used a kind of cutting edge there yeah
loreal are the only people that got a
lot of that those kinds of yeah and it
was you know what it was actually so
interesting as well because I mean of
all opportunities like YouTube has given
me and general obviously like asks a lot
of opportunities in general I think to
go and see the the behind-the-scenes
kind of everything that goes into
creating a product is very very
fascinating we got to ask a lot of
questions that um and maybe we should
move on my mind
as well because that's something that I
think that's like a whole nother video
because I know like I'm gonna mention it
now and like grief obviously it is a
huge huge topic but the issue of animal
testing if you are sensitive to and I'm
edgy tonight yeah I mean that I think
about a lot like I take it very
seriously and I always try and
investigate but um I had a few tweets
today just from saying other going to
lauriol dislike this stigma that your
tests on animals and we had a massive
in-depth discussion with the head of
communications for l'oreal yeah what
does exactly what so it was it was
really interesting basically to learn
more and to otis not just black and
white eyes yeah ingredients and the laws
of different yeah and I mean we're not
going to get into it in this vlog
because it's like what nine o'clock at
night and we don't like it's just it's
not the time or the place we're hungry
haven't eaten whatever so but it was
just it to cut it short it was
fascinating to see that yeah and and ask
that and say look my followers think
that's what is your responsiveness and
that's what we did by Kate get serious
and they take it very seriously and gave
us very straight answers and its really
really interesting um yeah I'm going to
get off that topic now sits going on I
don't want people having fights in the
comments you can have a fire if you want
but be friends everybody yeah so by
making my find dinner now and will flock
to you from dymocks I've been talking
for seven minutes about the hotel and
animal testing and you're probably bored
by now bye okay so we just got back from
dinner and it was actually amazing I
didn't vlog it but Gemma did because I
was too obsessed with my food I want to
teach it really quickly generate so much
that she's now dead it was good we were
two years yeah we're absolutely IDK
shattered she's with fatigue a so we
went to an Italian which we actually
thought was going to happen did away
with his um cuz said this is you yeah we
went to a French restaurant and chela
went up his gem speak French 50 is there
anything vegetarian you have on your
menu like one late no we can do you a
plate of vegetables which I was like I
ah so we went to an Italian had some
really taste of it if you want to see
what we had then it'll be on down yeah
it looks pretty cool like analyzer so
yeah we're going to hit the hay now we
will see you tomorrow for Paris day two
more sightseeing I promise for everybody
that hasn't been to Paris because it's
really beautiful and hopefully it we
Sonny's well as well
