hey guys long time no see I think I've
actually flogged for like a week or so
but today I'm at my parents house and me
and my mom have actually been working on
a really fun project yesterday we have
redone my bedroom because I don't know
if you guys remember a couple of weeks
ago I did like a childhood bedroom tour
and my mum saw her and was like this is
awful all we need to change like so many
things since your bedroom is such a mess
you need to have a clear out and like
organize all of your junk so that's what
we've done so before I take you up there
I just want to show you worth is being
hilarious she's got something stuck in
her toe which I've been trying to look
at she doesn't want me to look at it so
she's hidden so I came out into the
garden I was like where on earth could
she be and I'll show you where I found
her hiding and it's the funniest thing
and I'm hoping that she pokes her nose
out again because it just looks
hilarious so I will show you okay so
here's the hedge doesn't look like much
and then until you go woof whoopee
worth whoopee where are you of a Oh bit
of a rustling are you in there worth
well Oh whoopee come on hey come here
see she's limping and she doesn't want
me to look at her foot because it hurts
so we're gonna have to try and either
take her to the vet or have a look and
see if it's something that's obvious
that we can remove but you are a funny
little girl you say hi to YouTube worth
so yeah I've got something stuck in my
paw can we film it yeah but definitely
not okay guys so I'm upstairs now with
my mom actually like taller than me
because I stand me place round why she
told me no I was just having fun and why
did you feel that my reread of the
makeover mum because it was such a mess
and I put it on you too and you had such
a go she's like why are you showing your
horrible room
these people online by doing your
teenager - you sound quite a nice room
downstairs
did we convert into attic yeah well this
is way bigger there's lots more rooms
for activities yeah real man so yeah we
did a little bit of a makeover we spent
like two hours in TK Maxx finding
goodies to put in our room and literally
I'm in love with this like I said
tomorrow man we've done it I was like I
wanted to take it home and have it was
my room all the time because it's so
amazing and with likes it so we're gonna
show you it looks a little bit like okay
so here's the bed as you can see whoof
is modeling it very nicely and we
actually decided to go with like a lilac
kind of topi gray color scheme and we
have like new bedside table lamps as
well but it was all based on these
cushions which are absolutely amazing
and these were from TK Maxx and they're
actually really really lovely quality
and they weren't too expensive
considering they have they're actually
like feather cushions I think the
smaller ones were all 10 pounds and then
the larger ones were 15 so I think that
like really sets off the room I
absolutely love them and then based on
those we actually went to BHS which was
close by and bought this bedspread which
was I believe it was 50% off and then
you could get an extra 10 pounds off
with a voucher that was it the till if
anyone goes to BHS this week make sure
you look at the till if we buy anything
so they have all these vouchers that
give you like money off when you're just
buying anything and then the bedside
table lamps were from TK Maxx also and
they're the same kind of kind of taupey
color and these are really really
similar to the ones that I have in my
bedroom at home so I really really like
those and then obviously the bed is
still the same we got rid of the table
that was over the top of the bed just
because it was ugly isn't it and a pain
and then we got this new mirror which
Mar we're gonna tell the story behind us
never animation very fast
so
mom had it in her bedroom and she
decided it was really unflattering
mirror and she didn't want X it was
depressing having it home so she's given
it to me I don't know it's not I think
it's because it's so narrow you feel
like you take up all the mirror this is
what I'm wearing today anyway guys I've
got my fro 21 pink scarf on that was in
my latest haul video which is a bit
lopsided actually but I'll leave that
for now my hmm top which I actually
bought this last year when I was in New
York mini year ago and I've worn it so
much I love it
and then my Vera Moda skinny jeans which
I've just discovered and I love them I
actually really like this it might be my
new kind of staple jeans and then my
Ross and Romney riding boots that I wear
24/7 that have done for the last mmm
maybe like two years okay and then we
have this new chair in the corner is
there a story behind this chair man yeah
this was downstairs and we had a kind of
shuffle around as a furniture and stuff
so that's the chair the cushions really
don't go on the chair but they were on
my bed before and we kind of thought
that they tie in the color we're just
chillin I love it and then mouth is here
like freaking out the fact that we are
walking and talking to nobody
so yeah that's the chair and then the
like kind of table thing that was there
before is still the same and we're not
really sure what to do with this because
it needs something there it looks too
plain without it but obviously it
doesn't really go and then I had a huge
clear out if you guys watch my last room
tour of all the things that were in
these and around edges so basically half
of it was Mike's and we made him tidy it
up and then anything kind of sentimental
a little bits and pieces and things like
that I've stored away there actually
under my bed and like shoeboxes and
stuff I thought that was a good place to
store them and there's a few books as
you can see like the Harry Potter
collection and like my gap year diary
I've kept out because I might want to
look at them more and then we sent a lot
of books to charity shop that I won't
read again
and then there's the pictures on there
too and the teddy bears so not really
sure what's gonna happen there and then
the table by the window the curtains
probably gonna change isn't it mom
yeah that's just a plain curtain from
Ikea that's been there for ages and we
maybe want to do something like silk
like the same kind of grey color and
then this table was from somewhere else
in the house that you presumably bought
from auctions bargain hunter and then I
have my picture
this was actually next door this picture
of me and Lissy who you might recognize
from some of my videos this was actually
at our leavers ball at school so that's
like our last day at school and they're
leaving
I think we've changed but Lizzie's
changed a lot I think yeah and then my
Miller Harris Larry and candle which is
my favorite and I have one in my bedroom
at home and this one's actually new as
you can tell I just lit it for this
video but it smells amazing and then I
have my nursery and perfume as well I
really like the idea of having scent
that kind of remind you of a place so I
like having the candle and the perfume
here so that when I smell them it might
remind me of my room and things and then
I have another picture that I like from
we're at school and stuff there's a new
picture on the wall which is actually a
little bit of a disguise er because if
you guys remember the last video there's
a mirror behind here that I stuck up a
little bit of DIY when I was probably 15
and mom tried to pull off the wall yeah
and we basically decided it was probably
stuck with glue or I think it was
actually stuck with those sticky hard
things and if we pull it off the wall it
would create a massive mess and we
basically have to repaint everything
which probably needs doing as well but
we did it in like one day yesterday and
that might be kind of a longer project
to repaint it so we put a picture over
it and I really like this picture at
some of little dogies and I love dogs
and a hedgehog it's basically a Jack
Russells sniffing a hedgehog before that
Hedgehog is quite cute and that's pretty
much it
we've got dogs dog one those number two
wolf doesn't like Mouse going on the bed
so if Mouse tries to get on the bed wolf
bites us
at the end of the word but that is it I
think I'll give you a pan around don't I
love the mirror I like how when you
stand here I like to where I standing
for and you can see the bed in the
marital is wrinkled that's it
and there's mom again so yeah that is it
for my kind of bedroom makeover is
literally like changing rooms yesterday
we were just like filling things have
been like rubbish and sorting everything
out and finding everything and it feels
really good so like have a proper clean
up and have like a nice kind of grown-up
room it makes me want to stay here all
the time but I spend quite a lot of time
here anyway and now I have this backdrop
I'm actually really really happy because
it means that I have somewhere to film
when I come stay at my parents so say if
we come over for the weekend
normally I'll have to either pre record
something or go go back home and come
back if I want to film something because
the lighting will obviously this what
didn't look that nice before and the
lighting the rest of house isn't great
so I'm hoping to film a couple more
videos here today so if you see this
background in the videos you'll know
where I am yeah
so that is it for the vlog I think we
have a cup of tea or something
downstairs and then I'm gonna forget to
fill me some videos but yeah I will see
you guys very soon there's gonna be lots
of stuff coming up this week on this
channel because really exciting news I'm
actually going to Paris for the day on
Friday which I'm really excited about
and I also have some kind of healthy
eating videos planned like you guys
asked for an update on how my kind of
healthy eating lifestyle was going so
that's plan for this week and then I
also bought a lot of things off Amazon
and I thought because it's not beauty
I'm going to post it on this channel but
I'm gonna do a whole video from Amazon
so if you're interested in seeing that
then don't forget to subscribe and it
will pop up on your little feed when you
come to YouTube and I will see you all
next time bye
