hey guys so it's Monday night and I am
currently painting my nails Mike's
cooking some supper on in my check you
are the love and gloves and somebody's
reminded me on Twitter that I haven't
picked woofs best friend from whoops
corner for februari yet so I went on to
woofs corner to look at which friend is
going to be like her best friend this
month and there are 414 entries so I
think it might take me a while to look
through them all compared to January
where we had 25 entries let me see when
was the most November we had 221 but
yeah 414 so shall we look at some of
these cuties first of all I just want to
show you the cats which are there by the
window and there's moths outside I like
attracted to light and the cats are
cheap trying to like catch them off but
they're on the other side of the glass
and they can't figure it out if you
wonder why they've got a patch yeah
they've been spayed oh this one in here
there is a moth in here you were right
kitties but yeah so the cats are like
climbing the window there and I'm not
going to put too much cat footage
because it gets a little bit boring
after off but yeah they've been spayed
so they've had they've got little shade
patches and a little stitches which of
you when did I stitches coming out
monday basically like a week away anyway
and then got to go back to the vets but
they seemed so like boisterous still
like they're not let it then writing ill
or anything they're just yeah just as
lively as normal so that's cool my can
you hold the camera for me just Oh
before I do that I want to insert some
footage now that I filmed earlier of
worth licking the kittens this is going
to be a very dog and cat orientated log
hope you guys don't mind woof earlier oh
my god it was so cute I'll assess it
right now I just had to document this
bit of an impromptu filming but I don't
know if you guys know woofs not usually
a huge fan of the kittens but they seem
to be bonding today and I just came in a
bus inner like if you can see cuddling
with the kittens and
licking them and oh cute oh good girl
with he good girl ok guys so after
saying that I was going to show you all
414 photos I realized it'd probably be
quite a long vlog so I look to all of
them to all 26 pages of them whilst I
was eating my dinner and I've picked a
top 5 which mike is going to judge all
of you got ice cream my skies all my
healthy eating kicks I'm not eating ice
cream I'm gonna have fruit pudding hope
it makes you feel guilty ok so you ready
to judge on top five ok ok so number one
this just made me laugh it's jeff the
pony how awesome is he I just love the
fact that his name is Jeff do I think
that's really cool ok so that's Jeff the
pony number two Remington I'm not kind
of sure this dog is I think it might be
like a miniature dachshund you're
looking in the handbag Remington yes
like how curious ok number three this
one is so cute Bella it doesn't say what
kind of dog she is but pretty mobile
she's a tiny little puppy she's so cute
and then oh I had a cat the cats
disappeared ok we'll find um Homer the
beagle pretty cool beagle it's pretty
cool legal I just think he's dude I love
beagles and then finally Rory the donkey
he is cute I'd always wanted a donkey
kind of a donkey know who do you thinks
the cutest then there's the top five
here's the selection who are you gonna
choose Oh slow motion take me out who
would work we want as their best friend
oh there's gotta be the donkey yeah
through the donkey is with new best
friend for the month so if you are the
owner of roaring donkey i will be
emailing you today and sending a prize
what kind of prize do you send a donkey
carrot accurate polos the donkeys eat /
those older horses eat only horses eat
polos sugar sugar cubes sugar cubes I
guess I don't know I'm what do you guys
let me know if you've got a donkey what
you feed your donkey because it's quite
easy when it's a dog or a cat cuz you
send them like dog or cat toys but I
wouldn't know what to send a donkey so
let me know so this has been the animal
madness vlog I've just decided I'm gonna
call it that a lot and we will see you
all very soon i just realized i flogged
yesterday and today it's like vlogging
every day but probably just for two days
see you later guys
