hey guys so long time no see but I'm
back in case you guys are wondering
where I've been or where we bend me and
Mike Mike here as well been away for I'm
just kind of getting repeatedly ill for
the last few weeks by feelings ya ready
to vlog again and make more beauty
videos I did make one whilst we're away
but yeah I kind of just switched off for
a little while which was really nice but
anyway today is Sunday and we are
walking worth who is going a little
crazy I heard she was so excited when we
got home last night that's so crazy yeah
and I thought I would do a little bit of
a like what is to come because you guys
know I'm not doing for gear but i am
doing vlogging every day every other
month and as March isn't one of the
vlogging everyday months I thought it
would ask you guys what you would like
to see so you guys have any like
anything I can try to make like one else
hang on the series of my experience or
benighted uni and I did my gap here and
things like that so anything like that
that you'd like to see or just anything
at all really any requests would be
awesome and i thought i would also just
say i've been getting a lot of sorry
it's actually a beautiful day those kind
of like spring for the first time ever
and I'm a little bit out of breath this
is another thing I'm a little bit our
breath because I'm massively unfit so I
have to having like a break and getting
you know feeling much better and
healthier I want to start a new kind of
fitness and health kick um now like
today and carrying on forward into the
future because basically and I get a lot
of questions actually about what I do
for fitness and how to stay in shape and
stuff my answer to that is absolutely
nothing I don't do any exercise which is
atrocious like and I really should I'm
quite lucky that I'm naturally fairly
slim so I haven't had to kind of do it
from that perspective but from a health
perspective and generally being fit I
want to start living a bit more
healthfully as well because I don't eat
very helpfully either so I'm gonna take
you guys on that kind of journey with me
if you'd like to see it obviously not
the actual exercise our breath walking
like that's how bad this is going to be
good
about it because we've been away I
haven't really had the chance is Kony
2012 and i'm sure you guys if you
haven't seen the video already i'll put
a link here you guys must go and watch
it it's basically about child soldiers
in uganda i'm not going to say much more
about it because the video does an
amazing job of explaining what the whole
cause is about and what they're aiming
to achieve so definitely go and watch if
you haven't seen it already because it's
a very powerful video and it's um yeah
it's great to watch as well it's an
amazing stuff they're doing and I wish
thee is it the Invisible Children Inc I
don't know I don't know if it's the
Invisible Children something ain't gorg
net something like that I wish them the
very very best of luck anyway so I'm
gonna sign off now for I die yes top
that it's lambing season alright lambing
season we start in the next week isn't
yeah well I can I in case you didn't
realize live in the countryside as we're
walking now and there are sheep on the
land and Islamic season so i'm going to
show you guys some of the lands when
they come along too cuz i'm sure you
guys would love to see them they're so
cute when they're first born and they're
on their little spindly legs they're
really cute so yeah i'll show you some
of this that's a good idea Mike well
done so on that note we're gonna finish
off our walk I'm gonna go to supermarket
and buy some food to the week healthy
food I do um and Mike's going to do the
garden where the lawn for the first time
in ages woohoo see you will see bye
