hey guys so it's flogged day 29 and I've
got three bits of bad news for you
number one Mike's here number two
that was three that's two there we go
the German Louis Pasteur's number two um
it is the last day a flog a very sad day
I hope you guys will enjoy flog I will
be sad not to be vlogging but due to
number three I will actually potentially
be quite relieved number three I went to
the doctor's today because I was just
sick of being ill and the doctor
basically thinks that I got two viruses
in a row and then as a result of those
had a secondary infection and have a
throat infection so now when I take some
hopefully it's gonna clear it up so that
is the good news
I also have two other bits of bad news
my hair is looking bad because I don't
even know what's happened here it's
meant to be up but it's only half up
half down and number two my makeup looks
bad as well because I don't have any on
so that's pretty much it
we're gonna do and ask me anything blog
blog and Mike might have to answer a few
other questions because I sound like a
man so I know there's a thing on my desk
it falls off every single day I know it
affects I'll do it
okay we need to look in the comments on
flog day 28 entitled I'm going crazy
it's on mute right right okay top
question that's an easy one
from flowers in her hair 91 do you and
Mike live together sadly for me yes we
do um how long have you guys gone out
quite a long time let's watch on the way
yes okay let's look for another one
M's loves you 89 asks what country do
you want to visit that you haven't been
to yet me
New Zealand I want I've been sneezing
Thailand Vietnam
I don't know so many places um I'm just
gonna like skip around a bit ha what do
you might get married I could've asked
you for baby I could ask you in this
vlog what would you say no I always
think that if anyone does cuz I don't
know if you guys know about the kind of
old wives tale / unwritten law about
women who are allowed to ask men to
marry them on leap years on February
29th I always think it's quite weird
like does the guy get a ring like
there's a girl for the guy or is my rose
like very strange looks like it's
wearing me not Oh trick trick okay Gabby
correct X says can we see a kiss before
flog and it's not that kind of channel
guys not that kind of channel
ya know what kiss him sweetie
Frank Frago Lina asks what do you think
about your YouTube experience how do you
feel it has changed you it's awesome it
has been a massive kind of learning
curve for me um I think it's made me
more confident a lot more confident in
myself and this is a serious question
here YouTube attention-seeking growling
here yeah it's made me a lot more
confident myself and I'm able to take
criticism as well better than I could
before because as you guys know when you
put yourself on YouTube you're open to a
lot of criticism a lot of fabulous
comments as well but criticism comes
with it and it's taught me to um deal
with it but a wolf is going crazy what
are you doing okay let's have a look for
the next question um
when did you get your pets from Elinor
ku 69 wolf we got on the day after
Valentine's Day 2008 2009 day after
Valentine's Day 2009 and these little
monsters we got how long two months ago
three months again there's a vlog the
day that we got them and so if you want
to know the exact date I'm going to get
out oh the cat is in a bag okay my
throat's really starting to will fight
with me now so I'm going to have just a
couple of questions what are you doing
the jag monster 18 asks what is the
craziest thing you've ever done I'm
gonna miss you Mike so much please like
when you can in March I will thank you
and
go out with me like this you do you
think like that's the craziest thing
I've done because I'm looking at
probably say go going over 200 miles an
hour in a safe environment on the track
in a very fast car that's probably the
I'm gonna top that I craziest thing I've
ever done is bungee jumping I did it in
New Zealand I did the highest bungee
jump in New Zealand I think for nervous
and it was pretty damn terrifying I'm
not gonna lie
last question everybody Oh Oh your
plates from Denby and that's not really
the last question yes they are I hope
you pick another one
because you know the plane
okay I'm looking for a good one so many
questions asking what Mike does okay
this is a funny one what was it like
living with Mike at the beginning and
how did you decide to move in it was
easy we're pretty much lives together
anyway because we used to like oh she's
soaking now bratty okay it was fine
moving in like we pretty much the whole
time together anyway we were both living
with my parents before moved in here we
were pretty but we were you were
planning on moving in here yeah when we
started going out and we kind of went
through the presents together and it was
just like made sense for me to move in
yeah we didn't really want not talked
about it we spoke about it but it wasn't
will you move in with me like yeah it
was kind of I can't quite remember how
it was talked about that we just kept oh
dear having a little bit of a catfight
here no cat dog she's literally cleaning
that's really cute cuteness back to
there like if you think that's cute cuz
I think
cutest thing ever right guys it is the
end of flog it has been so great having
you for the last month even though I
have been a walking disaster I've been
ill coughing sneezing wheezing sounding
like a man putting plates in the bin and
generally being my overused words the
month delirious so yeah I'm not sure
when my next vlog will be I'm gonna take
a little bit time to recover recover
recover from the stress of blogging no I
mean you don't do little right guys from
all of our furry family we will see you
next time
