hey guys so it's flogged a 28 and today
has been even more manic than yesterday
I feel like I say that every single day
that is been manic but um I got a
last-minute email through yesterday
about doing a project with a brand I'm
not allowed to I don't know if I'm
allowed to speak about it yet but I
won't just take this anyway and i'm sure
you guys will find out about it via
Twitter whatever when I know how to say
but mike has just got home tada and we
are getting chinese because we are lazy
it's quarter to eight look at the state
of you been in a workshop always um yeah
it's quarter to eight so um and I am
still working to be working late into
that I I think cuz i have a couple of
videos to edit which is not that fun so
we're getting chinese what have you
ordered Mike you're going to do the big
unveiling unveiling I got sweet and sour
boys be ticking bomb I can't see what
I'm filming so oh sweet and sour crispy
chicken balls an egg fried rice I got
wonton soup beverage I would love about
how husky does my voice sound sound like
a man I got wonton soup and crispy
shredded seaweed which isn't really a
meal but it's kind of what I like when I
have Chinese so it's good and growl is
back we're sorting by the door the poor
little one growler this morning because
we say the mums last night i got back at
eight-fifteen this morning beaver came
straight into the house shot in the
lighting is really bad here shot in has
been in all their growler every half an
hour or so being outside and calling for
our i was really worried she might have
been run over or something but she's
here and now she's run off but she was
here in the kitchen so yes I'm gonna
kind of unpack my Chinese now and eat it
anything else to add today's vaulter
uses I don't really have much chance to
do today apart from working pop I'm so
tired but um I think I'll give you an
update later with someone stuff that's
going on by i'm gonna go eat my food now
okay so Mike's just caught me and from
the sitting room and like I swear to God
I do not know what's going on he's
making me vlog this so what do I need to
face you or me basically you need to be
seen okay you feel me now I'm filming
now right this is to prove how delirious
and have tired little miss flurries oh
my son cuz if you come this Sin Cara to
put stuff into the bin she may put one
of our plates in the bin silly little
Louisville I covered it up I've just
gone to clear up the message she's
created sorry fish I'm not in the vin do
you know on this with these anymore do
you want to use a new place no I like
those I'd like to keep them it was in
the bin movie I'm sorry very think I
need to sleep right back to work I've
discovered a new breed it's a man that
ions I just got a new breed what's that
woman that doesn't hahaha well I only
don't iron because who this top wasn't
meant to be washed striking only what
see I only don't I am because it's all
of your stuff that needs ironing shirts
shut shut what are you doing little
bitty play with all the socks huh you
have been gone all day and I was worried
about you it's worried about you it was
who's this dude that's on the TV that's
like preaching about science do you know
I was just too editing my video or in
the caesarean
Nobel Prize okay and you talking about
science is quite intense but yeah I
started to feel ill again like I'm
getting a sore throat again I thought I
was getting better this is not good guys
but this has been a very boring vlog
probably apart from the plate in the bin
that was quite entertaining i guess but
tomorrow's vlog final day flogged i'm
going to be doing a ask me anything
video so if you have any questions for
me then please feel free to leave them
in the comments below this video and i
will try and get back to some of you who
has the best questions who has the best
we would have the best sorry I'm like
finding your hard to get my words out
considering spell correctly every 10
seconds Homer pretty cool whoever has
the best questions i will try and get
back to you in two wars video which is
the final day flogged if you could
believe it what do you think about that
my good you're gonna miss everybody I
think they might miss you let us know in
the comments as well if you're gonna
miss Mike it is Elvis heady somatic
height will Hussey tomorrow
