hey guys it's flog day 27 and today I've
had the absolute most manic day is
currently what's the time Mike is it
like six it's like hot quarter to six
and I don't know why but Monday's always
just seemed to be this is really
unflattering lighting seem to be just
really manic and crazy and I've been
writing blog posts all day I think I've
written about nine today like the next
week and a half which is good because it
means I get out of the way but it's been
busy and if you're wondering where I
have very dark lipstick on actually
really like this color it's kind of
family but I'm kind of getting to like
all these kind of bumpy dark colors when
I did my MAC lipstick collection video
you guys were really really nice about
like me wearing bright colors and I
think a lot of people said that it suits
me I'm I've always kind of been a bit
scared of wearing them before but I'm
liking dark conservation wondering why
I'm wearing this one I actually got sent
one of the new your lipsticks today
which is these chew addict extreme
lipsticks which is awesome I've never
really tried much to your makeup in the
past I'm not like it's not one of the
brands that I really kind of look at
when I go to the counter but they have
amazing packaging these new lipsticks
they don't like this they're black and
just really awesome and luxurious and
the pigmentation is amazing and I've had
this on now about thinking about five
hours and it's still looking I don't
know if you guys will be able to see
like pretty fresh like pretty glossy and
fresh and really nice so I'm really
liking that so far and I'll let you guys
know I'm sure they'll be like review on
my blog or something if I'm well I've
tried for a day that you know you don't
really need to like a long-term trying
of lipsticks they last more than a few
hours and they have nice formulation
they're pretty good so hopefully you'll
see a review of one of those sometime
soon apart from that we are going here's
a kitty cat hi
busted washing yourself we're going over
to my parents house tonight are we going
to leave now like because my mom is
cooking down on my sisters actually come
home for a couple of days
she has some work kind of around where
my parents their brother and in London
so we're all going there to see speed
again because we can't get enough of
speed he's so cute at the moment hello
how are you doing today yeah he's good
so these are the last couple of days a
flock so I don't know what you guys want
me to do there's been a lot of requests
to do a house tour do you think I should
do a house tour you guys have kind of
seen all of my house anyway like it's
not that big a house really but if you
want me to do a house tour let me know
and I might do that on the last day I've
got two more days after this and yeah do
you like my lipstick what do you think
do you like it think it's quite my kitty
I do like it please just Mike doesn't
like write like bright or dark lipsticks
do you think it's a bit so yeah
jakey's cooking tonight for my mom if
you guys don't know that she's cooking
some kind of beef with cauliflower
cheese everything oh my god who puts
this bowl in the middle of the floor
this is Worth's fault why do you feed
worth in the middle of the floor boys
boys right Oh in the dark right we're
off see my mom now so I'll probably
update you from there so it's pretty
late now I think it's like half 11 ish
is 1/2 11 ish Mike and were sitting on
the sofa it's 11 look how cute was Luke
she's like cuddled up to Mike's you but
um we just at my parents house and I
just thought I might finish off today's
vlog with a room tour of my room at my
parents house cuz it's somewhere that
you guys I don't think I've ever seen
cuz I've never filmed here because I
haven't lived here whilst I've been
doing YouTube so I thought it might be
something cool to do and apparently my
mom has actually tidied my room not like
it was messy
what I think just kind of had a bit of a
spring clean said you want to come up
with me
we've could be quiet cuz Spike's asleep
upstairs are you gonna come okay so this
is my room
I've actually got stairs in my room
because my room is in the Attic so as
you can see Mike's walking up them now I
just have this kind of big hole in the
floor
um which people always ask me if it's
dangerous but I don't think it is
let's see what's changed so here is my
bed which is I think this is the mound
bed from Ikea so it has this like weird
movie thing on the top I picked it out
when I was 15 thinking that it was
really really cool
now you just bang your knees on there in
bed and then I have the cushions in you
mom's added those stripy cushions to the
bed today
the bedspread was from Primark for seven
pounds I remember I bought that at uni
and then this is the rest of my room um
there's no like clothes in here or
anything because I don't live here
anymore but I have bedside table and a
hairdryer which actually blows up when
you use any sweeter anyway and then a
box for the old beauty products which
all like shower gels and stuff and
deardons which need to be probably
thrown away as well
my little mirror with me in it with
these swirls I think I picked this when
I was like 15 as well looks like that
and then this is my little window
weather just a little curtain which
doesn't really block out any light but
it's pretty small window anyway so this
is my alarm clock which is still going
strong I've had this for years and it
keeps pretty good time and it actually
is a good alarm - it makes loads of
noise so that's there on here are my two
Herod's but as these actually mum must
have moved these here because they used
to be somewhere else I think but these
are fairly recent actually these are
2007 oh he fell off and 2008 these were
from you what they Mike when we first
started going out Mike was really cheesy
and bought me teddy bears
and then this is like the junk corner of
the room ie where Mike leaves his stuff
so as you can see he has remote-control
cars like in pieces an aeroplane actual
airplane in pieces
he has motorbike boots he has a
motorbike helmet he has a remote-control
helicopter he has a box remote-control
helicopter he has his biking jacket he
has all of his motorbike year so most of
the stuff in my room now is actually
Mike's just gonna throw out that it's
actually Mike's this little kind of desk
thing in the middle has a real kind of
hodgepodge of a lot of my stuff I might
show you actually at the back here
there's loads of my books just old books
which have fallen over at the end I need
to sort these out really these were
something that I read at uni actually
Dickens in London London 1900 inside the
cultural development of London which was
very interesting there's a picture of me
and my sister from when I was I think
that's when I was like 17 and then a
picture of me and my late grandpa when I
was maybe I don't know how old I was
there maybe like seven and then I just
had a few things like letters some
random change some USB sticks a
Christmas bag with old woof leads in it
Harry Potter box at an old camera case I
have my PSP I don't use this at a very
long time I wanted to sell it online but
Mike wouldn't let me some old CDs and
that's pretty much it like lots of boxes
with this is a box just full of makeup
bags I think I probably need to sort all
this stuff out at some point with my
life I used to love this little thing
when I was little this little don't know
if you guys can see it a little draw
cept it's like a miniature draw set oh
this is cool actually this is my journal
from when I went travelling and I did a
traveling vlog a couple of days ago
actually so I might actually have a read
back through this like I actually
with stuff but on the front I had
stickers from everywhere we went
so just like different stickers and
stuff and then inside I like write a
diary so I'm hoping to show you that
obviously and then I stuck in like
flyers from things that we did and where
we stay at a maps and stuff and I ended
up filling that I think that's pretty
impressive in three months it's kind of
cool thing to keep as well oh we have
uno as well we should take that to us
and play it oh I was about to throw it
all over the floor apparently we should
take it and play I love you know um
that's pretty much it for my room as you
can see everything else is pretty bare
um I used to have what I actually lived
her I used to have like I don't know if
you guys have seen those IKEA kind of
like side dresser things with our
shelves in I used to have those to keep
my clothes in because as you can see
because we're in like the attic room
here the walls are slanted so you can't
get any proper wardrobes in oh I do have
two more pictures here this is a picture
from my gap here when I was in New
Zealand with the guy I was traveling
with which is Hugo I can focus on this
that's they won't really focus very well
that's me Hugo in front of a glossier in
New Zealand and then the next one is the
Grand Canyon which was pretty awesome
what is it like when you went to see the
Grand Canyon Mike we went to see the
Grand Canyon again me Mike and Mike's
sister Lizzy and it was literally like a
wall of fog it was so bad
but yeah I think you guys enjoyed the
many room tour it's very different to my
room at home isn't it cuz the room at
home is just full of stuff it's crazy I
need to have a sort of his that's not so
messy but that is the end for flood day
27 is it 27 yeah so goodnight are you
gonna go to bed now are you going back
downstairs
I've got my cut so I'm gonna watch I
well she's gonna go to sleep I think
thank you
I think I'm gonna head to bed so I will
see you all tomorrow bye bye bye
