good morning guys and welcome to the
20th of vlogmas get ready for the jingle
so today jack is here and we've
basically left him in our kitchen whilst
we might have been doing some stuff and
because he's a little bit okay
he's been going through this bowl of
coins that we have in our kitchen you
know everybody has it right the bowl of
coins and he's been dividing it up into
categories so that we can take it to the
bank and cash it in
so he's managed to find a hundred pounds
in our bowl of coins from the last year
probably two years and we're gonna take
it into the bank and change it ready to
spend on our little trip to home sense
that we're also making today this is
really hilarious I'm slightly
embarrassed to take the since the bank
he's still going are you going when
euros now being ready to ready good trip
hurt is worse than why Michael be really
upset when he sees he's done this is his
stash for using at the golf range the
pound coins he gets really upset if you
take them out let's go and kill Evan
we've left him some pound coins we have
left him a couple was left him too yeah
but Jack seems to think that you can do
this at any bag so we're taking it into
HSBC and Singh seeing what they say if I
worked in the bank I would tell Jack
where to shove it and to be honest turns
out he was wrong she was like nah you
don't bank with us love so yeah well so
we doing in town today all the errands
taking some dry cleaning and I've had
since way before we moved so it's just
been sitting in a bag getting stinky so
yeah all the fun errands it's just
non-stop laws with us great it currently
have stolen a desk in Barclays and are
weighing up the cash Jack the stuff you
carry in to why is this okay mister
mr. moneybags provide mission
accomplished
yeah baby now we're going to home census
pendant hundred pounds that's worth the
counting we finally made our way through
a ridiculous amount of traffic to home
cents Jack moved into a new house house
the same time we moved yeah but pretty
much the same time but basically flat
we're going to a flat because he's in
London and we're going to have a little
look around home fence Jack that's what
you need that sofa is what you need I
can see you on it now reclining in your
pants okay you know it's serious and the
trolley comes out oh look your bars is
right now don't love farces hello that
one's very good completely debating guys
over this bad lad do you think Jack
should buy this rug I like it it's
actually massive as well it's like
doubled over think it's cool like like
how it's like distressed like faux faux
distressed you know what I mean looks
like faded decisions decisions
my favorite fine guys outfit of the day
the doors are closing
I'm wearing a pom-pom hat with my faux
fur pom-poms from Amelia Jane Topshop
jumper from last year it's gone very
dark my Topshop jacket Stradivarius
jeans and Reggie helps boost is very
much a match II
oh we do as well with you mater to me
I'm my whole outfit is matching that
gene but I don't care specially smashed
it at home since checked it a lot better
than me but I did find sausage dog
wrapping paper that won't be a bonus
this everybody is why we stole Mike's
car damn it although we're definitely
gonna need to put the seats down so
jackets is gonna be like a real time
haul this amazing mirror she's really a
nice the trolley is trying to run away
right now
I got some pillows for the spare room
because I only have one in there at the
moment it's not very cozy I'm gonna
Chuck
under here Oh cheeky in there well Jack
got a very nice-looking decanter and a
water jug some farces you are a lot of
like Varzi decanter a water jug type
things I got a new phone case even
though it's definitely too late because
I smashed my phone last week but it was
three pounds so my phone case is broken
it's not doing a very good job I also
got some knobs
I did get some nerves these are for the
cupboards in the spare room which
currently have no knobs on them and then
I got the wrapping paper which epic also
found this which is potentially for my
mum and dad for Christmas I'm gonna put
a photo in from Tahari home and it was
$12.99 I think it's really nice merit
photo frame and it goes slowed them up
and then Jack also got a whole bunch of
stuff in there including a copper
cafeteria which is super cool pretty
happy with my new 3 pound phone case I
think it's pretty cool although I have
to say I need to get the screen fix
because it is stressing me out a little
bit and yes I know you're going to be
laughing at this right now I get a lot
of junk mail I've just got back and I've
come into my new office which you guys
haven't seen yet this is my office guys
tada it's actually a huge huge mess
so I am going to tidy everything up I
feel like I've got a lot of Christmas
present stuff still in here he is
parking I guess things to organize so
that is what I'm gonna do before we head
out and I think we might get dinner with
my mom tonight but I'm not sure I need
to talk to Mike he's out so yeah tidying
time I'll give you a little bit of an
office tour as well just like a quick
look because I know you guys have been
saying about that you want a house tour
we're not going to do a house tour but
you can see my office so I have these
mega storage cupboards in here and
they're all like scrubbed wood which I
love there is stuff everywhere as well
I've been wrapping so please forgive
that but then I've got this like very
old wooden floor and my rug afghans for
the boys which i still haven't wrapped
up i meant to wrap they would wrap them
up the other day and i didn't manage to
do it and then i have my desk here which
actually has a load of stuff on it which
i need to sort out like
it's just got like bits and bobs to try
like my camera things like that and a
few presents for people and then this is
the rest I have a sink bizarrely because
I think this room was originally for
like flower arranging like a garden room
but obviously I'm not going to use the
sink and then I have my like wall of
memorabilia up there as well and then I
have loads of Christmas presents and
bits and bobs this is what needs to be
put away because these are like things
for my brother my phone is ringing I'm
going to pick that up yeah and these are
more Christmas presents down here and
that's rubbish I need to like put that
in the bed this is what needs to happen
before we start tidying up ariana
grande's sam to tell me is actually my
favorite Christmas song right now
controversial but I really love it
we're having dinner in the sitting room
say watching TV in front of the fire I
feel like we've had so much fire time
this month and like homely coziness and
I've been wearing my hat all day I might
actually take it off and I'm gonna have
serious hat yeah I don't know but it's
so cozy once you put a hat on and never
ever want to take it off hehehe I like a
little bit more space than you're giving
me right now if possible she feels like
he might not notice so I am looking at
as food
he might not notice nobody trickle so I
finally finished my wrapping those two
were the worst culprits and this is what
my tree is looking like it's go all the
way around oh yeah all the present under
the tree very excited to give all of
these away to my family and there's
actually there's quite a lot of friend
ones I've given a few the friend ones
away but most of them are for the family
very very excited for Christmas I love
Christmas
