hey guys it's logged a 26 and it is a
very beautiful day in London look at the
blue sky and we are taking the dogs and
speed for a walk and speed check show
your scoot scoot Smith calls me scoot
scoot yeah say hi say hello oh good me
are you ready spee you gonna go down the
hill you're gonna go down the hills be
are you ready are you ready go speak oh
yes be straight into the tree at the end
how are you feeling on this fine morning
just a little I for Michael chose
delightful you're going to the football
today I am I might join you in the shot
candy online whatever sun's bright right
sorry I was interrupting you might even
take a live way of a change Miley take a
small video clip of it a video clip for
the football just no one's to see that
oh no we'll see why they fine no one
says either football did you stop hey
guys this is the extent of my physical
prowess when it comes to sports so
embarrassing i remembers everyone how
are you waiting again couple I told hose
down by this yes I probably hold it
little bit further and all that mother
like that yeah that sounds together
comes together really heavy you know
what
yeah massive headache chops I'm pretty
sure my technique is not perfect good
what do you think guys am I the next
baseball I think it's a boy said to be
one to play it's a bit big for use be it
struck me that's a bit slobbery spear
thing you don't want that yeah Doug's
rubber you hit it room your watch ball
watch ball hold my hand you watch the
ball Wow look all I heaven uh-oh just on
the way back from our walk and I just
had to show you something that we
spotted on the way here this car has
eyelashes Wow hi can you say lemon
lemon juice more
spike spike have to try some lime his we
were hit myself
is that it up you got I yeah I looks
yummy I got blueberry and Mandarin
yogurt with mochi kiwi and then it's got
passion fruit don't sheep hash it's an
excitement I haven't tried the Mandarin
one yet well it's good I don't taste
like you know the stuff in the body shop
they're like tangerine stuff gotta taste
like that should taste how it smells
speeders have slogan he doesn't like it
probably not well Moscow hey fish hmm
how's probably today guys we're in
westfield at the moment
I like Sunday afternoon excursion I just
had some stuff to exchange in all sense
and
it's about it Billy mmm yourself now
we'll see you tomorrow I guess
you
