hey guys it's plugged a 25 and today is
my camera a little bit lucky is that
better yeah today what are we doing Mike
again you have been to London in a while
have you but I'm always in London but
we're going to London again for the
weekend in a Saturday it's the most
beautiful day today I've said that in a
couple of logs recently but honestly
today it feels like summer or spring or
some kind of amazing warm time that is
not very februari and I just feel so
excited Mike was just playing Angels and
Airwaves and you know when you get that
kind of feeling where you're like ha
summer and I'm not wearing a jacket and
it's just amazing and I'm probably being
really annoying and hyper so should we
go Michiel do you have anything to say I
just want to say I'm come in here with
you she wanted to say as well everybody
loved your fault did you see the
comments Mike gets way too much love on
YouTube you guys think he's so nice he's
not really he's a big fat meanie did you
see though that was bullying rather
those that was seriously every time you
go online everyone's like I love Mike
it's very flattering better watch out
have all these girls after you no thanks
okay come on let's go raw have to share
my sunglasses really up have to
share with everybody again relation how
amazingly sunny is when we see out the
window here look at that no jacket it
feels like summer and it's favori and
it's amazing and in point 5 11.5 degrees
she's not a lot of nixle mmm but that's
Celsius not Fahrenheit for everyone
going what aren't you freezing I thought
I have to share the deliciousness but
I'm drinking with you all as well in the
form of the truman show off it sounds
like the true we watch the tree would
show last night and we're laughing all
the like product placement and stuff I
haven't been sponsored to say this but
San Pellegrino orange sparkling orange
it's a season it's the tastiest orange
juicer you can buy haha it actually is
it Sam
there's some crazy stuff going on with
the lighting here we go that's better
smoky this stuff is amazing and worth
stay there it has this awesome like foil
on top so that you don't get um all the
nasty okay what Thanks work this dog
untrainable untrainable we need to see
that we need to see there the dogs we
don't deer season will be disgraced at
all he that would be like that dog it's
got issues she does have issues sadly
she's a crazy dog look at this beautiful
son children but yeah we will see you a
bit later because now we are going to
just be awkward to a friend that's
really boring so say goodbye woof sure
wanna say goodbye she's weird okay guys
tell me and Mike we're just having a
discussion about what our top favorite
songs sorry the cameras really i think
it's covered in chocolate
maybe it'd be covered in a lady the
screen if I want to see your tongue
honestly that's better look it was like
super blow before maybe it's because I'd
shot clock a splat OH creme egg splats
they're like miniature splatty cream
eggs which I really like because I think
three max have too much icing in them
when I get sick eating that they make me
feel bit hell out of you so sorry I'm
still a bit cold II we're talking about
our favorite songs and we thought we'd
do like a top five favorite songs tag
but we haven't thought about this before
cuz mike was just starting to think
about it I was like no stop don't think
about it and we'll film it so have you
got 11 well a lot of my favorite bands
I'd probably say angels and airwaves so
I love angel some that's actually
playing very stilted very still I think
we should turn down to see it oh it's so
everything's magic
my favorite one of my favorite songs
actually reminds me of mike is I never
know whether it's Alexisonfire or alex
is on fire I think it's a Lexus on fire
this could be anywhere in the world you
like that simply awesome as I people who
don't like kind of heavy music probably
won't like it but it's such an awesome
song if you guys haven't heard that you
must go and listen to it like it's like
one of my favorite favorite songs like I
like a weird collection music as well
like and the biggest Taylor Swift tap
tam fan in the world but i also like
kind of different music as well so next
next one slightly on the heavy side
again for the big event story yes or
just look for joining sniper Jonas not
yes such a good system I'm gonna mix up
with a bit Taylor Swift so today was a
fairytale that she wrote for Valentine's
Day one of my favorite songs ever next
my arms attic from holding the camera so
I think one of my next photo songs is
imaging me okie did he do good choice
good choice I like that as well
oh no I've got a massive like total
blank now it's gonna be very excited
Mike's playlist on his thick like his he
has like ski phone is all very well and
then he's got some really bad expletives
the name of his playlist and one of them
is even called sweat bath I was trying
to understand what sweat bath was about
did you see it basically is because if
you stayed a bar for so long that is
excruciatingly hot there is so chilling
so it's like this is the reason it very
strange but it's more please my ultimate
chillout playlist closing of those songs
that like come on then you're like ah
yes Oh bayside their backup claim it on
my love ya bayside blame it on bad luck
awesome awesome song and also taking
back sunday you don't do too well I'm
sorry courier he what kind of sorry I'm
just dominating my own flock here geez
what's your message my men I'm Lucy's
coming up there by now I'll beastie boys
I maybe not realistic
I'm just going to talk about mine whilst
you're deciding taking back sunday make
damn sure I love I went through a
bourbon emo phase he might be able to
tell by my song choice fits where I
would actually like I was in love with
adam lazzara from taking back sunday and
I I just loved him yeah so it takes me
back my next one is Beach Boys and I get
around ah pretty old I say like a
classic choice my favorite song sorry
look at this my sweaty month I've left
all the way on the wounds crude from my
hand blue me against it nasty thank God
tell you I'm gonna go for I'm gonna go
for Johnny Cash oh yes I'm gonna go
I hung my head hey we'll see oh I love
her all nine inch nails so much is yeah
listen cover off and I've also love get
rhythm that's yeah get rhythms my
favorite my final one that's got to be
fightstar builder army Oh interesting we
watch dr last night as well and the
soundtrack for that is amazing it's so
great easier so that don't dance again
would say i'm gonna say one my important
folk songs is granddaddy and am like oh
yeah yeah that's a good one what is it
good one for my arms really hurting woof
woof he was your favorite sort woof
likes who let the dogs out that's
there's so many amazing something too
many ways along that's why push a mask
you said mom I must say must say is that
I haven't heard anything fresh and you
perfect age ish nothing has come out of
like day yeah I haven't apart from
Taylor Swift obviously malicious amazing
but I there's been no real because I
quite like sort of also love like
radiates machine these are that and
quite like metal e emo e rock pop from
the stuff makes you understand
understand but I've heard nothing
amazing in their mouth or
yes any recommendations yeah right us
your top five songs of all time and any
recommendations and new albums have come
out that you like oh I downloaded a know
when the other day the civil wars
because Taylor Swift didn't do out with
them there I think they're actually
pretty big in the States but I hadn't
heard of them before she did and she
worked with them and they're out they're
actually really good as well he you
would like really yeah they're kind of
funky they're good anyway that is I'm
we're just going to end the been flogged
a 25 here because we've been following
for 10 minutes the lighting is going to
raise it to the Sun and yeah so I will
you guys can't even see me what's going
on ah i will see you all tomorrow
