hey guys so it's flog day 24 and today I
am doing another static book it's
actually the 25th today I didn't film a
vlog yesterday because as you guys will
have known if you've been watching my
vlogs or you might be able to tell by
the way I was speaking I haven't been
very well so basically didn't do
anything interesting yesterday I was
just working and just being ill and
generally moping around so I didn't film
anything cuz I thought that'd be boring
for you guys I will film a gap year or
traveling or year out experience video
which has been requested a lot since I
did my university experience video last
week or the week before last with my
friend I thought I would do a video
about my year out before I went to uni
now I know that taking a year out before
uni is a lot more common in the UK and
in Europe than it is in the states in
the states it's kind of viewed as a bit
of a strange thing to do so just as a
bit of a disclaimer to anyone that's in
the states like why would you do that a
lot of people in the UK do it and
personally I think it is a great way to
not only experience the world but also
kind of grow up a little bit have break
in between your studies and between
doing a-levels and going to uni and
generally kind of grow as a person as
cheesy as that sounds I initially didn't
want to take a gap here at all I wasn't
interested I was like I just want to get
on and finish my education and kind of
get into the real world rather than
delaying it and then being old when you
leave uni so I kind of understand that
point of view however I then kind of
became a little bit unsure of what I
wanted to do at uni where I wanted to go
and I kind of decided that I was going
to take a year out and it might be a
good idea for me in terms of what I did
during my gap year I mean a lot of
people there is a stereotypical I know
the video that's been around a lot on
YouTube gap yar of like very kind of
wealthy children being sent away for a
whole year to like go all over the world
that's not what happened to me I worked
for nine months and went travelling for
three months in my gap year so in a way
and actually that's how I wanted to do
it I would have liked to have gone for a
little bit longer traveling but that's
kind of I really enjoyed the whole
experience of working and kind of like
working towards the
of going traveling and kind of having
that saving ahead of me I don't think it
was also a great kind of experience in
terms of working as well I was actually
really lucky because I managed to get a
job through my sister who's working for
an events company at the time and they
needed somebody to come in and do some
temp work for them so I started kind of
working one or two days a week for them
which also actually continued all the
way through uni so it was very very
helpful for me to get kind of the
connections for that job before I went
to Union that I was able to kind of fund
myself through uni through having a job
at the same time afterwards so it really
helped in that and I also had another
job at the same time which was working
for kind of like a family friends
company as a PA so I like a lot of kind
of office skills people skills just how
to deal with people in the kind of
working environment which I know even
though you do work experience most of
the time when you're like 16 or 18
working for a few weeks in that kind of
environment doesn't really get you that
kind of skill I feel like working in a
more professional environment like in an
office teaches you a lot of actual
skills that are really good for your CV
if you're looking to go into that kind
of area after unique anyway so that's
what I did the first six months I worked
then I went away for three months then I
came back and worked for another three
months and when I went traveling I
actually went with three guys which is
kind of unusual for a girl I didn't know
two of them very well one of them was a
very very good family friend who I've
known since I was really young like four
or five I think and the other two were
his school friends who I've met a few
times I hadn't I didn't like know them
really well but I ended up actually
really really enjoying going with three
guys because for me I think it just
works like I'm not particularly needy a
female company sometimes I think it can
get a little bitchy if you go in kind of
a big group of girls obviously not in
every single situation and this video is
only from my personal experience anyway
so take everything I say with a pinch of
salt because you know it's obviously all
my experience but yeah I went with three
guys they had actually all been
travelling for a couple of months before
I got there because like I said I
working and I couldn't afford to go for
more than three months really like the
amount that I earned which is kind of my
fault because I did spend quite a lot
whilst I was working but that's a whole
nother story that's like to do with me
managing where I want to spend my money
which is not really anyone else's
business apart from mine but yeah so
they'd been traveling for a couple of
months they'd been to Thailand Cambodia
and Vietnam or Laos I think and I joined
them in Australia and so we spent a
month in Australia we then went over to
New Zealand for three weeks then we went
to Fiji for ten days and then we went to
California for a month and then we
actually went we stopped in New York for
about a week afterwards or actually
stayed with friend in New Jersey so I
didn't really have that experience of
like foreign very foreign experience to
me it was all fairly familiar because
obviously the place that I went to were
majority speaking English countries like
apart from Fiji but every spoke English
and Fiji as well so I mean everybody
takes different things what you want to
do on your gap here is very personal
like a lot of people want to go to
different continents a lot of people
want to stay in one place and teach or
whatever I chose to go to
english-speaking countries which now I
wish I could have extended that I wish
I'd kind of changed my lifestyle when I
was working so I didn't spend as much
money I probably could have gone for a
couple of weeks in Thailand with the
boys but that's kind of the way it works
happiness definitely somewhere that I
want to visit in the future I want to go
traveling more in the future but I
absolutely love traveling like it was
one of the best experiences of my life
in terms of just being really
independent so in a way it was just a
huge learning curve for me and now I
look back and some of the situation's
that I was in I think wow like I
wouldn't feel comfortable doing that now
because like traveling straight for
numerous amount of months makes you kind
of brave in the situations that you're
willing to kind of tackle it was an
awesome amount of fun and I would
definitely recommend it to anyone
especially if you're not sure about what
you want to go to
what you want to do at uni because it
gives you that extra year of kind of you
get to reapply for you knees if you
didn't get into one that you see you
thought you wanted to go to or if you
think you want to apply to someone you
it's a great way of kind of buying your
time but not in a wasteful way having
said that and I know a lot of people
probably have criticisms in terms of its
wasting a year I honestly think it
totally depends on what you do with that
year because for me I learned so many
skills both when I was working and like
as a kind of character building
experience while I was away for me
totally wasn't a wasted year for some
people they might waste that year but
that's their decision at the end of the
day for anyone who is thinking about
doing a gap year I would really really
recommend doing it and yeah just have an
awesome time because far too quickly in
life you kind of grow older and you kind
of wonder where the years go because the
older you get the faster time goes and
the older you get the less able you are
to actually just pick up sticks and go
traveling like when you're working or
when you have a family when you're
married when you've got bills to pay a
house you can't just leave for six
months and go traveling unless you have
a huge support network behind you so I
think my advice would be take advantage
of when you're able to do that because
it's such a fantastic experience and
traveling and seeing the world is such
an important thing to do for me
especially like I think traveling plays
a huge part in my life I love traveling
and kind of seeing new cultures and new
landscapes meeting new people I just
love it and I can kind of recommend it
more because I really really enjoy my
time on makeup here that is it let me
know if you have any questions below
I'll try and answer as many as I can I
do have quite a lot of comments oh I
can't kind of get back to everybody but
if you get in there early and ask me
some questions I'll definitely try and
get back to as many as I can hopefully
back to full on vlogging form today
which I'm going to be filming which
would be flog 25 and as you can tell I'm
just struggling to shift this cold it's
really bugging me now and but it's
hopefully on the way out and I will see
you all tomorrow bye guys
