hi everyone so it's flog day 22 now
fortunately Fleur de force is not
feeling so well she's tucked up in bed
with a nice little imps it having a bit
of a snooze because she is modeling so
good as you've probably heard the last
couple of old she's slowly but surely
been getting a little cold
so me and wolf have stolen the camera
I'm gonna take little Whoopi on a nice
little walk a little one yes so we'll
see where wolf takes us what do you got
Whoopi
you got a stone ah come on them show us
where your often well if he keeps slowly
but surely picking up a slightly larger
stick everywhere she goes she's going
from one small stick to a slightly
larger stick now I like that Whoopi
what have you got I think that's a
little bit too big don't you hey no
obviously not at your steak you want
them with you so Whoopi would like to
show you this little spot this one on
her favorites up by the big block nice
to come sit here with a nice little view
of the British countryside if you look
out there see beautiful view bit
blustery today beautiful
I'd like to show you her other favorite
place may involve small pond whoop she
wants to go in come through these steps
come on come here
oh no she's in in she goes whoopee she's
in the reeds
here she comes and see it through the
trees making her way through like a Bear
Grylls movie this is Whoopi what are you
doing here she is look at the state of
year hooligan come here what she's back
in well I thought I'd also see what's
going on in the little pond
hey Whoopi you enjoying a swim in your
early morning lengths yes now we also
have up there stood in the middle of
this Oh yet me stand back to get the
full effect but there's a door should we
look behind the door that's behind the
creepy door ah yes the paddle and I've
been learning the little places for
birdies to nest which is why all that
allowed in here because there's birdie
look at whoopee whoopee look at the
state of that dark what are you do Hey
well me and Wolfie hope you've enjoyed
your walk it's been a pleasure Hayworth
hopefully miss Fleur de force will be
feeling somewhat better tomorrow to go
play with her friends
otherwise we'll be taking control again
I have to find something even follow to
do whoopee
well we will see you all very soon
goodbye
