hey guys it's Flag day 21 and today I am
just off to the supermarket to buy
supplies because it is pancake day your
Shrove Tuesday if any of you guys don't
know I mean a lot of people probably
won't celebrate it anyway but any excuse
to eat pancakes is a good thing in my
books and my bestest friend from uni
Becky is actually coming over for lunch
and we didn't realize this morning on a
texting each other like oh I'll see you
later really looking forward to it then
she was like oh my god it's Pancake Day
um but she's wheat intolerance so I'm
off to get wheat free flour
um if such a thing exists I think she
said it does so I'm pretty sure it will
we're gonna cook wheat free pancakes I
think I'm gonna get normal as well
because Mike's home for lunch today so I
think he'll want a lot more pancakes
because he's really fussy but I'm up for
trying wheat for your pancakes I wonder
if they taste any different the reason
why I'm wearing sunglasses a vlog and I
normally wear sunglasses vlog but it's
so bright today it is the most beautiful
day I will try and show you guys there's
a car next to me but look at the
beautiful sky and it's actually kind of
warm as well considering it's February
and meant to be cold but I'm off to
supermarket and I might do like a little
supermarket haul a lot of people have
mentioned I think it's cuz Ingrid did
one a while ago but I might show you
what I buy for my pancake supplies and
then maybe cooking pancakes if that
sounds good I hope so
but yeah I will see you all in a little
while okay so I've just got back from
the shops and I couldn't find wheat free
flour disaster but I texted my friend
she's bringing her own so I have a good
supply of tasty pancake ingredients I
have strawberries and raspberries yeah
nectarines they're just for me to eat
because I like them
squirty cream best thing ever the light
version so it's the most fattening dalsu
latte cuz I'm actually gonna cook warm
chicken salad with blue cheese pear and
like pesto pine nuts so I got
ingredients for that as well I got some
juice in there it's not too exciting so
can you even see that orange juice
butter
eggs for the pancakes and then I also
got the salad for the for the salad mix
baby leaf salad and you can see in my
bags here
pesto lemon in case Mike probably won't
like the strawberries and raspberries
and so I got him lemon you can have
lemon sugar and then pilots and pear and
that is it that's all I got but I just
spotted the cats out the window because
they've been meowing outside the door so
just saw you know Kitty's been here's
Murphy with a shoe worth is that your
shoe oh here's one oh and she goes woof
he's chasing her and here's growler they
think it's so they're like oh my god the
doors open we've gotta go inside I'm
gonna get cooking now we'll see you guys
in a bit
again okay guys so look who's arrived as
you can see yourself in the counter this
is a my like focusing on your face okay
hi not to like it is amazing and now
we're gonna cook pancakes by the way
guys Becky's my good friend from uni my
only and you actually have a youtube
family you know who but you haven't
posted on it in a long time she hasn't
posted on it so if you guys want to see
more I'll link in the information bar
below if you want to see more on her
Channel go over and comment and
subscribe to her channel but like post
for videos yeah because you need to do
it it's cooking and like health and
lifestyle but it's really good anyway
Mike has taken
/ pancake-making you doing you doing
special wheat-free ones
thank you we are
you're like intolerant to ignorant sweet
so I've given it up and I'm not allergic
to it but I've decided that most people
have at least Arjun and if you do give
it up
it's better you say I'm trying it is
it's really funny though because
whenever she comes over she always ends
up eating loads of wheat and then being
in bad pain and I look really really
weird and bad today because I'm not
feeling too great still I'm just telling
making like I keep on getting ill I just
don't know what is up with me I'm like
constantly have a cold we should yeah my
can do the videos today how do you feel
about that we got going on here we've
got the pan it looks like you have a
small pan for pancakes what you mean a
small bubble that Mike's making waffles
what do you want on your pancake yeah
yes potatoes by making eggs pancakes
tell us all the pancake facts the
largest pancakes M was 15 metres wide
I'm 2 centimeters thick who ate it this
is why I'm not Becky I never see her she
comes up with these weird facts but I'm
gonna get em the toppings ready and I
will show you the finished article okay
here we go
we've gotta be risky because the space
it's gonna fly woofle eat it do make the
table that's looking good that's Becky's
first time yeah look at Mike's waffle
I'm quite wonder one day enough cream
there you should have shared
I want a waffle as well ice cream how do
ya oh my god
Mike's a bit of a fiend and that's how
things like the size of your head
I love it's fine just stay yeah yeah my
quite a bit yeah so you got ice cream
was a bit hard okay sis you're cooking
perfect pancake technique yeah
Nutella well so we got going on cream
with spicy cream the best kind of cream
yeah what else have we got going on salt
and pepper
raspberries three recipes only three
Mike ever factors just the word on top
just looking she doesn't look that
matter that appetizing Cassie yeah there
we go perfect pancake and then we got
that slate like you can eat it like a
burrito a heater yeah like a fajita and
it's wheat free yes okay guys so here is
my elegant
pancake puddings back here it's an
elegant pancake
patty-cake I've got a little bit of ice
cream strawberries raspberries and
squirty cream and Mike did burn it a
little bit yes okay guys I will see you
all tomorrow for flog day 22 I hope you
all got you all guys you all hope you
all have an awesome Pancake Day
and let me know what kind of pancake you
cook because I would like to know I
don't probably be jealous cream I got a
bad one
