hey guys it's Flag Day 20 I can't
believe the state 20,000 absolutely
crazy but it is the evening time now and
as you can tell there's kind of a
pattern as to what Mike does when he
gets back from work he comes in here and
talks to me wolf gets a shoe the cats
come in and just generally cause havoc
but we're going on a date right yes
we're going to the cinema it's not
really a date I just got excited about
calling it a date because when you've
been going out for as long as me and
Mike have you kind of don't really go on
dates anymore
we've been going out for how long too
long
four and a half years way too long way
too long but not really not really look
oh look at it with this cat can you hear
that Perry
yeah so we're going to the cinema
tonight see what are we gonna see well I
think so I'm not sure what we're eating
what else is on as well let's have a
look what else is on but I I'm kind of
like the wooden plaque is one of those
things I'm kind of undecided if I want
to see it or not Harry Potter yeah ho
poor guy he's just gonna be associated
with Harry Potter the rest of his life
but to ferry made millions so don't feel
too bad from okay the woman in black
Ghost Rider know the artists Chronicle
that was good
we did it kind of like I told you about
going to see that okay yeah that's not
really much else hold on I want to see
all the bow I want to see that the vow
which I want to see that's a chick flick
this you won't want to see that war
horse which I also want yeah comedy of
errors the Best Exotic Marigold Hotel oh
that's the one about where they go to
India right that looks really good
she Stoops to conquer shame safe house
one for the money
good what safe house
yeah and the funny guy who's the funny
guy Ryan Reynolds he's funny
I don't normally think he's funny he's
quite sexy okay it's either the woman of
black or warhorse I think we should go
see a woman a black because it's kind of
a bit more like topical to now look how
scary we'll do black lives well I don't
get about water black is it looks
terrifying absolutely terrifying but
it's only a 12 way so it can't be that
scary I do I get really scared I get so
scared I do get scared
should we sit yes you're both I get
really scared you look like a little
baby
bv beaver loves Mike she looked just
loves him where's growler not convenient
she be grumpy me I'm too gathering say
hi to everybody because they love you
see hi yeah so we'll let you know what
we saw when we come back from the cinema
but I want to see one in black and white
what see warhorse so no doubt we'll have
an argument about it all the way I said
am I going to see walls yeah probably
because Mike always gets his way it's
cuz I'm always right just to show you a
groundbreaking moment in woofs life as
well that she's like cuddling up to the
cat world cats cuddling up to her and
she's not trying to eat it this is
progress whoopee it's progress
so we're about to go on thanks for the
light Mike we're about to go to the
cinema and we've decided on Mike 1 so go
to watch War Horse I'm actually really
excited because I've heard great things
about wars like my
absolutely loved it so I'm excited and
we did just have a cheeky little TGI
Friday's dinners at we just caught this
here it's really empty and said while
normally it's so busy which is good
because I can have like three seats
stretch out get the popcorn and be good
so ice cream are you getting ice cream
haha but I will let you guys know how
the film is if you're wondering why I'm
looking and sounding awful I'm still
feeling really ill from my cold like it
seems to have come back with a vengeance
when do we go to see Tanya Jim was it
like it was the last weekend in two
weeks yeah weekend before last I was ill
then and it went away and then it's come
back again I'm pretty sure it's the same
thing because I never like fully
recovered but rubbish that's like just I
read Mardy bum of a Mardi bum not grumpy
and poorly poorly shot bird don't scare
everyone so that I don't have man food
because I'm lady every lady busted
that wasn't aa strawberries in there for
me yeah you always put it in for me
because you don't like them what don't
you like I've got popcorn I've got pop
this is Derrick Mike isn't this the
smallest popcorn in the world can I
compare it to your face the smallest
popcorn in the world I think you should
get have you got these ones these these
are like these then in various weeks
these are good you got one of those
these are also good at mini apple cables
cherries
you can't tell I like the red sweets
these are the best sour fizzy
so we just finished watching wolves
which is a very good film critic selling
it was kind of made instead of sending
you know you feel really terrible I did
but did you find it a little I wanna see
guys I don't know what everyone was
talking about and slightly delirious
from about and I was crying as you can
see like my eyes Oh guys that was the
worst like the best filled with the
worst ever in my entire life
yeah what black BG wasn't now sir that
was like that was like that'll be sad
bear black beauty like five times by Ted
like oh I mean it was like over over
like total horse crying this sure look I
don't even like horses that much I like
horses but like imagine if it was a dog
I said I do we know you subscribe online
you don't cry you didn't cry it was very
emotional
the prize
these are typical people ever with dolls
it's nice if you've seen war so you know
what I'm talking about comment below if
you cried I I hope you cried
otherwise you're heartless it was the
sound of snow - Mike is heartless leave
it please it's baby well it was very sad
but you know I could
I was giggling at one point once he went
wrong he was laughing at me crying no
what's the lovely girls love me the
movie because he was blue I've honestly
I have to appropriately cry I'm trusting
they are really no I wouldn't say Oh
you're not breaking in it I don't know
whether he'll also cup speaking yeah
everyone everyone was crying in the
cinema when when the kid was doing dad
Neos and the horse realized it even when
everyone else was crying and Mike was
good really loudly
how embarrassing I was so bad right guys
spring is finally over
see you tomorrow hopefully I'll have
recovered a little bit obvious cry
alright my god
