hey guys and welcome to flock day 19 so
today I thought I would do another kind
of static vlog me sitting down I've done
a couple of these throughout flog and
there are response to them has been
actually really good so I hope you guys
like them and if you have any requests
for other ones to do over the next thing
there's 10 days left to flog then let me
know and I will try and do them because
there's definitely a few days where I'm
kind of like not going out or doing
anything kind of exciting to go follow
me around flog so static videos are kind
of fun to do as well so I like them so
if you like them let me know and let me
know what else you would like to see so
today I'm new talking about my current
kind of favorite books I've never really
spoken about books too much before I've
mentioned them a couple of times in kind
of monthly favorites videos and stuff
like that because quite frankly I don't
get as much time as I would like to be
able to read I love reading
but it's one of those things that you
kind of have to make time for and all
the time I don't actually kind of make
time for it and read as much so should
but I've got a couple of favorite books
that I wanted to tell you about they're
not groundbreaking they're not a bit of
a disclaimers well I don't really read
intellectual books I read for fun I got
a lot of intellectual reading when I was
at uni for the time being I might come
back to it again in the future but at
the moment I like to read for fun I like
to read mainstream books I'm sorry as
well as my voice is a bit funny I'm not
very well I've been kind of like getting
ill and I don't think I've really
shifted the illness like I was I had a
cold like two weeks ago and it went away
and that seems to have come back it
can't be a new cold because I didn't
really recover properly from the last
one but it seems to have kind of come
back with a vengeance but anyway that's
why I sound a bit funny but on to the
perks yeah obviously I love Harry Potter
I love Twilight's I love The Hunger
Games the Uglies series as well Northern
Lights series I kind of love teen
fiction kind of sci-fi type things as
well as like supernatural kind of genre
I love all that stuff so I'm not going
to go too much into that because I think
you know
that's a bit too mainstream and you guys
although that's why I let you all know
about hobos right so that's so the first
book favorite that I've got is actually
an author rather than a book and it's
Paulo Coelho who was also really really
really well known I think he's one of
the best-selling authors in the world
actually I know he's been translated
into here we go sixty two languages The
Alchemist which is most famous book
which I don't actually have side notes
to a friend has sold over 75 million
books worldwide that's just insane but
anyway here are two of my favorite ones
not including The Alchemist because I
think that's obviously huge and most
people have probably read that but by
the river Piedra i sat down and wept is
one of his kind of less well known books
it's not usually included in the like
gift box sets that you buy and things
like that and then also 11 minutes which
is great I love parakalo because he's
kind of one of those authors that isn't
intellectually like amazing but it's not
trash like it's a good read but it's
also not like oh you're reading kind of
some trashy chick flick kind of book and
it's kind of spiritual as well his books
are moving and they make you think and
they're spiritual and I like them so if
you want something that will make you
think and reevaluate things but you
don't want to kind of go into boring
intellectual literature then this could
be good for you I like them a lot and
you can get them really cheaply as well
because he sold so many you can buy them
for a few pounds on ours and I actually
bought a whole set I think we've got 10
books for 10 pounds from the book people
a year or so ago of like a load of his
books so that was great
um second up is never let me go
sorry I just have to pick up off the
floor uh so my second falafel is never
let me go and I don't know quite how to
pronounce his name properly I think it's
Kazuo Ishiguro and I'm probably saying
that wrong anyway this is really famous
as well because it's recently been made
into a film with Andrew Garfield
I love Keira Knightley and Carey
Mulligan unless as you can tell is like
the film version of the book but it's a
really massively best-selling book and
it's a really interesting
it's basically about I it's kind of an
alternate reality rather than in the
future where they clone people to
harvest organs from them and I won't say
too much more about it but it is kind of
set in a way that you don't really know
the kind of whole situation around the
story and it's kind of got this like
dark undercurrent to it where it's such
a kind of sick thing to be happening but
in a way it's kind of made to seem
normal and I just think it's written
really really well and I really really
love the book the film was also really
good I'd recommend seeing that and I
don't normally go for all really fall
for the massive kind of cult books I
didn't really like lovely bones I know
that would be controversial but so many
people love lovely bones I don't really
like lovely bones I didn't really like
um one day which way because I actually
loved the film of one day but I got
bored in the book but I love never let
me go so I definitely recommend reading
that next up another huge series that
I'm sure a lot of you will have read and
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo series
by Stieg Larsson I loved this series
this is actually the third one this is
the girl I kick the hornet's nest
um also recently made into a film I read
the books I think two years ago no maybe
a year and a half ago
and I absolutely loved them a kind of
real slightly disturbing thrill it's a
really kind of addictive story and it
really kind of draws you in I don't
normally read thrillers
that much I do enjoy them but they're
not kind of my atypical choice of book
but I really really love this and I'd
recommend that if you haven't read it
I'm pretty sure most people have read
them next I actually don't have the
books cuz I just lent them to my friends
but there's two books by Jodi Picoult
which I've absolutely loved over the
last I think I've read them about six
months ago 19 minutes which is about
high school shooting and I find the
whole concept of high school shooting is
really interesting I know it's kind of
dark topic but I really really liked
that book and the way it was written as
well because it's written from the
perspective of the child's mother the
child who shot all the people's mother
and kind of how she came to terms with
it and things like that and I just
thought was a really interesting way to
look at it and it makes you kind of
think about what happens in those
children's lives to make them kind of
make that decision and I just found it
very very interesting and it might not
be for everybody but Jenny pickles books
are great in the way that they in the
same way Paulo close books are good but
in a slightly less in a lesser sense I
think but they're good books and they're
kind of trashy but they're not like
really trashy I don't really like them
and the other one that I loved is the
pact which I have actually read a couple
of times because I read it once years
ago and I totally forgotten I totally
forgotten like what happened at the end
of the book and I rediscovered it when I
was on holiday it's on the bookshelf um
and you know when you look at a book and
I finished my book and I was looking for
something new to read I was like I know
I've read this but I can't remember what
happened in the else I had to read it
here and it's great it's story of a
suicide pact between two teenagers and
it kind of follows the court case
because one of them doesn't die and
that's also really interesting like I
said Jerry pickles books they're
generally like have kind of dark
undercurrents but they're really really
good reads and I love them
the book that I'm actually reading at
the moment I'm really enjoying but I
haven't finished it so I can't kind of
give you any final comments on it is a
discovery of witches by Deborah Harkness
and I actually picked this up when I was
in the airport on my way back from LA
and as you might be able to tell from
the title it is a kind of supernatural
fiction book it's set in Oxford and it
follows the story of a witch who is an
academic study Hawks and she discovers
this book which kind of her discovering
it leads to a series of kind of strange
events and she's kind of not sure what's
going on all these mystical creatures
start turning up in her library and it
follows her kind of trying to find out
what the book does and kind of she's in
denial about the fact that she's a witch
as well so she kind of doesn't want to
get involved with it but it seems that
it's kind of like a magnetic to her like
she can't
away from it and I am really enjoying it
so far I'm reading this at the moment
I'm alternating it with the third book
from The Hunger Games series Mockingjay
which I actually am stalling a little
bit on I loved I only recently kind of
discovered and started reading The
Hunger Games books I loved the first two
I read them in 24 hours each and the
third one I'm kind of stalling on a
little bit I'm a third of the way
through and I am kind of continuing to
read it but I'm not so addicted to it
that I have to kind of go and read all
the time which is a good thing if you
have things to do because once you get
into a book like that it is like a total
like waste of your day or not always if
you really enjoy the book but when I get
really really into a book and I just
can't stop reading it like everything
else goes out the window so I'm kind of
glad that I'm not like this with a third
one but in a way I'm kind of
disappointed that it's not as addictive
as the other two but yeah those are the
two books I'm reading at the moment I
hope you guys enjoyed this I know it's
not like a particularly long list of
like my favorite books and going too
much into depth of them I thought I
would just share with you all I'm kind
of what I like to read and if any of you
guys haven't read the books that I would
like to read them definitely definitely
go and check them out and let me know if
there are any recommendations if you
like similar books to me and you have
any recommendations or things that you
think I would like let me know like if
there's a beginning also let me know if
there are any more kind of tag / like
static vlog videos you would like me to
do over the next couple weeks like we're
vlogging every day because I kind of
enjoy doing them and it kind of makes a
little never changed the daily vlogging
kind of type videos but I do really like
them and yeah I hope you guys are all
having a great day and I will see you
very soon bye
