hi guys so it's Thursday is it 17 18 18
frog day 18 and I'm with Louise
obviously oh hi if you didn't see her
ela my blog like last week
Thanks Aran's we are in the most awesome
lifts in the world if you can see this
this is an avatar called one the bit
shortage it's a picture in P but I
thought would be a cool way to start
vlogging but we have been this morning
to a event that Mac were holding for
London Fashion Week we're not really
going to me you're like there's two
boats in the Miss Lee yeah so we went to
the background which was really cool was
some cool he's basing like a Detmer
makeup demonstration but it was amazing
the tree looks spotty
it's like feathery he's fluky amazing I
put some pictures on my Instagram or
Twitter so if you want to see them go
check out my Twitter but now we're just
heading off to the glam and kind of like
brothers are so just having its own
we're not actually going anywhere in the
liquid just standing in the left so we
can film but then we're going to the
clown kind of like blogger bar thing
just to say hello and then we are going
to go shopping so I will see so we have
just fit in here and see if I can which
is can you see that you see out my nose
no it's alright it's basically the
makeup store and it looks like this and
they have the most amazing eyeshadows in
the whole world and glitter and I've
been in there before and like twice a
friend but I've never like really really
I'm an enabler she's an enabler as bad
but they have amazing amazing eyeshadows
and we can applaud so basically gonna go
back we're gonna have some breathing
space breathing breathing space way too
excited way too excited but we're going
to limit it now we're on Carnaby Street
in case you guys don't know this is
Carnaby Street it's a very much isn't
that just microchips for actual garments
like so many jesters goes
I oh my god I thought you and you saw
someone like dress has gone up and I was
like okay I'm really worried about that
person now
no nothing reproducible gollup some of
that just look like Allah but we're
going to Liberty if you guys know but is
there any much a little bit not very
happy
because she had really like acting your
way into your life I did it look how
yummy knees like new potatoes freshman
funky mushroom so I was gonna say their
chocolate one how much rather out
wowsers but they are amazing
what was her first cocoa bean man that's
three words Babyliss is a genius a
genius
I tell you okay guys it's been raining
so we look a little bit Cheryl but I
need to like for you to experience it
always opening this lipstick because I
discovered this lipstick the other day
that is like so unbelievably amazing and
also so / so I just wanted to film
opening this test I'm seeing it you're
gonna be a really horrible like oh
that's already loudly yeah another one
another one another one so they've all
been really used but look at and it
changes like with your lip color it's
like that it's like the smashbox one
that so I feel like this how you it's a
little bit tougher firing I must admit
maybe we should but you can't do a
different angle on escalators I am not
even I'm not sure why I just like
escalator blogging but then it means
that you you can see everyone behind you
and you're kind of like moving it's kind
of like action
hello this is anyone who has experience
in London to switch switch
so we are actually back at Louise's
house now I'll just give you a little
bit happiness fix you to baby cuteness
um and as Louise is filming filming
filming sorry guys it's been a long day
we just filming dotty so I'm gonna do
Louise feeding Darcy that I said it
writing this time so I'm gonna do the
honors and open her glossy box which I
thought was totally unacceptable to do
like a new like why don't you just go
and open it so I'm like like filming it
as we open to see what is in what is the
month is this the February oh yeah yeah
okay so here is the box are you ready
are you ready sprinkle of glitter and
baby glitter invigorate shower gel from
Como Shambala
it's eucalyptus geranium lavender and
peppermint sounds kind of interesting we
have one of these little badges BM
Beauty that's actually a pretty color
it's like a pinky gold focus iPhone
doesn't like this
there we go it's like a pinky gold kind
of pigment kind of thing from BM Beauty
I haven't tried anything if you try to
eat that stuff
I think that's BH Cosmetics is a doo-wop
lip venom gloss my nails are horrible by
the way because I forgot to paint one
hand so one hand looks nice like this
and the other hand I forgot to repaint
because I did a blog post about a nail
varnish fail and all day I've had one
hand and then we have dr. Bronner's
magic organic Fairtrade hand sanitizing
spray I love but a hand sanitizer me
it's what you need in London and then
finally Paul Mitchell smoothing
super-skinny relaxing balm this the
focus is being really weird louise has
got a big hair secret that she's not
going to tell anyone
oh my god I kind of feel like I've
ruined
Louise's excitement opening the glossy
box yeah but you like you like like will
encourage me to do it you're like you
have to what I love the noise that she
makes
it's like question noises but yeah so um
that was the glossy box what do you
think about this week's content this I I
do not know what's wrong with my brain
tonight I actually think I've got an
issue with my brain like not a proper
issue but like I think I'm I'm a bit of
one with delirious maybe I thought you
man it was I thought you man it was the
light that was making me delirious so I
think we'll leave a left today guys I
hope you have enjoyed flog day 18 yeah
I've already on the road and head home
sadly but I will see you all tomorrow as
always and we will see you on her
channel yes tomorrow the next day at
some point in her life farewell
my babysitter bye-bye
