hi guys its flag day 17 and today I'm in
the car as you may be able to tell again
basically it's really late at night
right now boys are pretty late ten
o'clock but it's late to start a frog
though it isn't it's not good but today
I've been really really busy and I just
haven't I haven't been really doing
anything interesting enough to vlog
about and be I'd have that time to vlog
so this is a late night vlog with Mike
who's driving as per usual what have you
been doing today I've been racing racing
which I don't really like playing look
clear crazy Mike does amateur racing not
what you kind of said new hobby isn't it
so yeah and did you win shaking out I
might put my hand into the camera sorry
guys I'm slightly like delirious I am in
the land of non non he would be in here
we go you can see both of this again
yeah so you can have your day really
good day quick and quick as they went on
improve this is something I I never want
to actually go to because I always think
you're going to crash and die and I
justify would get stressed I don't think
that's going to happen obviously like I
would be stressed watching
cuz I feel are you happy
have to have skill I don't
yeah took many apparently he did really
well actually according to but am I just
had them were like literally the most
dumb blonde moment when I was trying to
start filming so I turned on the camera
and then I was I couldn't work out
whether it's because I've got really
tired eyes I still got my contact lenses
it was why the screen was blurry when
actually there was like a bit of
foundation over the camera and white was
like I think there's something on your
camera flirt it's your makeup rather
than yeah so yeah it is pretty late it
is like Owen and I you think choice
Anasazi filming furnace we're off to see
one of the sea whoopee I feel my coffee
all day no you thought of an item what
if he loves me today because I took her
for two walks took of her morning walk
and for her evening walk and I just
could you know how normally if you don't
come back to our friends darker I always
forget to walk woofy before it gets dark
and I have to operate the dark with
torch I remember to walk up for it got
dark it was just getting done but it's
good good timing um
and yeah it's pretty late and then
tomorrow should be a more interesting
vlog for you guys because I'm going to
London to go to a Mac event for London
Fashion Week which is really exciting
and there should be some other bloggers
that are up going with Louise
sprinkleofglitter and meeting her so
that should be fun and then I'm probably
going to like spend some time around
London doing that kind of thing this box
probably got really late I think because
I'm uploading a beauty video at the
moment hopefully should be done by the
time we at home and then I've got upload
yesterday's floor already it was like
nearly midnight so it's like two days
late which is really bad but I've had
bad access to the internet because I've
been kind of in London I drove back last
night I didn't get back to a really late
and I'd woken up at like 530 yesterday
morning so I think it's catching up with
me because I'm one of those people like
some people will be like oh that's quite
obviously I need a lotta sleep like I'm
a sleeper for sure so that's pretty much
it but I did get the scarf when I was in
London yesterday which bent in half with
it was from Topshop and it's got all
these keys or I just thought it was the
rest of cool else
and it's not gonna be in a horse and
really get anything else but
yeah that's got lots of keys and then
there's got like the car keys and it
kinda reminds me of the Tiffany
necklaces the one thing that is annoying
it's not quite I wish it was bigger
because when you loop it around and he
goes like like this whereas I wish it
was like super long i love that it was
really nice yes so
what else is there to say anything else
really ready for the weekend might
doesn't like my hair hair no i don't not
like it i just prefer it bald one so my
cuz that's my handle blonde
I've recorded six minutes of me talking
absolutely triple at you so I'm going to
leave it here guys I'm sorry if I bored
you but I'm slightly delirious with
tired today I'm like you had your
slightly delirious with tired with
tiredness is a lack of sleep with lack
of sleep or tiredness would be another
another word for it but yeah um I'm
going to see you tomorrow I'm gonna see
you bright and early tomorrow I chic is
Mike because he's so lovely is taking me
to the station at eight-fifteen and
we're going to be there 815 what so
we're gonna leave the house pretty early
but in five minutes I've gotta do stuff
on again I want to go to bed I don't
know what wearing tomorrow either Oh God
hold others I lover I'll see you all
tomorrow
