hello everybody welcome to vlogmas day
19 Mike I am not kidding you I'm
starting my vlog now it is 7:25 p.m. but
it is a good time stuff why we're going
wrong we're going to see rogue one
tonight okay so why have I been so late
unacceptably late at starting my vlog
permit can you give me the answer
ticket what is the answer do you know
I've been filming videos all day
literally since like 9 o'clock this
morning I filmed five videos and a few
extra things for like Instagram and
stuff basically Mike and I are going on
a holiday skiing or like the 2nd of
January so I'm trying to get a few
videos filmed so I don't have to work
when I'm there and like film and stuff
because what is there literally no sir
this is a bit worrying come on Austria
you need snow in between now and then if
not we're just gonna do that pre ski
without the actual ski there is there is
probably we will be able to ski will be
up yes just minimal yes icy and rocky so
yeah that is what is happening today
I've been filming all day and I've
literally just finish so I thought I
would start my vlog until now because I
feel like it would have been just a bit
boring like I've just filmed another
video I just found another video and so
in that point is exactly exactly right
so yes this is what is happening Mike
and I are going to see rogue one with
Jared yeah he's back
Jack is Jack is back in town Jack is
back for like two and a half weeks he
has like the whole Christmas period off
work so we're gonna play basically
Jack's coming to Mike it's just custom
are you alright Mike is cooking was
cooking with salmon and he just managed
to save it how he managed to drop that
and it stayed in the little thing I do
not know it smells amazing by the way
it's like some kind of chili salmon and
some asparagus and broccoli and he burnt
his hand because he's duffer are you
ready for rogue piggy thinks it's great
that you dropped it on the floor licking
up the leftovers Pig very unhappy oh yes
yes yes very tasty piglets
what you do in what you doing you little
duffer he's a delicious Oh delicious
would you like some of that for your
dinner
Oh Wiggles I thought that that was it
turns out there's more sweet potato
fries nice work MDM
I feel like I spend my life like
vlogging Mike's sheffy you should have
your own channel for this like we did
for a while that's how I got into
cooking recently Sainsbury's no you got
way more into cooking when we did that
would you like a drink out of the five
our fridge that ate our fridge oh my
goodness I'm gonna have I've been
obsessed with drinking tonic water on
its own this stuff it's like their
Schweppes tonic water slimline tonic
water with elderflower just without gin
just on its own it's great loving it so
now in the car controversially Jack is
driving they just turned all the lights
off so nobody causing yeah oh wow wow
there's like there we go Jack is driving
the boys are officially jealous of my
Mickey Mouse hat
I like it I'm Minnie Mouse guys so yes
that is all hopefully gonna get there in
one piece
Jack's driving might be a little bit
jack is a good driver
Jack is a good driver but he just never
drives normally white drives take home
that's what's happening now Mike was
mainly dinner Jack and drop chill on the
floor the oven and drop sister cause the
most
but much better off now so Jackson
actually going to London the wrong way
up surprise surprise
this one is in the pick-and-mix
see what he goes for no it smells good
in here
tickets on the phone that's newfangled
no I thought you're gonna go for those
then I was like die is an error and a
half yes Mike yes these ones are good I
also think maybe a couple of these I
think they look pretty good
what else total bottles no fizzy cherry
bottles strawberries gotta be the
strawberries they do I think they look
good I think up here guys what else
we've got going on it's great sour
cherries not ones you just don't know
who's about to drop out
what else we got what else uh yes your
mouth sugar might eat this one Harper
won I won't I'm - I'm too good I would
never do that
she won she won know who don't know he's
kidding me are you actually kidding me
are you kidding me
oh my god they're the worst they are the
worst
he's also good
that's probably it there's a lot of
repeats going on Oh without the giant
Cola bottles someone's on a mission to
get chubs what's that Mike just bought
me the biggest coke in the world fact
the boys are taking the mickey out of me
I said get back in your folks we just
got out of watching Star Wars this
lighting is terribly and rific Leon
flattering underwear but I just had to
tell you how I think it was because it
was so epic I loved it it was kind of
really sad but really awesome at the
same time and the Droid was my favorite
droid yet bb-8 was my favorite and tell
him I can't even remember his name but
he was so epic it was so epic yeah
that's it that's awesome that's my ball
I've got to report I really need a way
because I needed a we fly at the last
hour of the film but I didn't want to go
because it was too good and then I was
so excited when we came out cinema I
forgot to go on the way-out then I got
in the car I was like don't be I needed
a way for the last hour no problem
what's your brother hi sweetie sleep oh
really
how'd you know you can't sleep you know
in bed yeah you didn't need the whole
pack of minstrels
I know that because I me and Peggy are
snug as two bugs in a rug
especially you piggy because you're
getting snuggled by me and I am covered
in snuggly things basically when you
wear all your warmest clothes inside
when it's already warm you end up being
snug as a bug oh here we go in a rug oh
here it comes here it comes
you have to be closer to my face no no
she's like but why not I love kisses no
biggie
no too many kisses even though you're
this cute
I don't want your tongue in my mouth no
you're so cute oh you're so cute though
mmm I love you that watch it might just
went out the door she's like where did
you go where did you go where is he I
need attention from him as well from him
as well hey Pookie you know something
Pookie Pookie you know something what
are you going Pookie doesn't care she
does not care got three bags in here as
well wait up to doing your own thing are
you Pig doing your own thing
You cheeky minx said Jo I still love
this little Chicago nugget yes good girl
squidgy
scuse me madam I stood up to take my
coat off and you sat in my spot squidgy
Scooby what are you doing nothing
squeeze my spot no face she's like what
no do it can you move it pick her up the
girl come on come on move your chicken
legs ah ha ha you can you can sit there
and we can cuddle oh oh we can all
cuddle look at she's like damn it we've
just been watching the news about Berlin
it's very very sad
very scary times right before Christmas
- so I'm heading to bed guys I'm gonna
call it a night it's a night sorry
today's vlog has been like the only the
second half today
yeah tomorrow will be all day and oh my
god what they brown bears oh my that's
so cute
Mike's just put on planet Earth and
there's little like bear cubs yeah we'll
see you guys in the morning
