hey guys as frog day 16 and today I
thought I would do a bit of a different
video instead of doing a kind of
following me around type thing I thought
I would do a video talking about my
favourite iPhone apps now I know not all
of you have iPhones but I know iPhones
are pretty popular and they do some
really cool apps for pretty much
everything and I've had an iPhone for
the last maybe - just over two years
probably I didn't get one when they
first came out I really wanted one but I
got one maybe like a year after they
came out I love my iPhone I'm a total
iPhone kind of junky but I was never
really that interested in the app side
of things until fairly recently like I
like the idea of apps and all that but I
never kind of organized myself to
actually download them very often I'm
not a big game well I could everything
like gaming on my phone but gradually
I've kind of been turned around to the
idea of apps and I've got six apps I've
kind of like I don't know if you guys
know me you can create pages on your
iPhone for like your different apps and
I have six of my favorite ones on here
now I don't if you guys will be able to
see that I was just gonna tell you about
my top six iPhone apps so the first one
was actually I'm just gonna do them in
the order that they appear on my phone
and obviously the obvious ones like
Twitter and Facebook I'm not gonna
include because I use them like every
single day but they're not really
anything different so the first one is
wunderlist and I don't know if I'm going
to get a little bit closer okay so the
first one is wunderlist which looks like
this if you can tell if I click on that
and this was actually introduced to me
by Ingrid or missglamorazzi I'm sure you
guys all know she's and you can
basically create lists for everything
you need to do that if you are massive
list keeper this is like the best thing
in the whole world
because that's going to write a new list
here I'm doing this like in the camera
so it's kind of tricky so you can name
your list let's name it YouTube and then
once you've done that you can go onto
your list and then add to do things so
let's put make video this is very silly
and then it comes up with like the task
to do and then when you finished it you
can just take it off your list and it
goes kind of gray for a little while
until if you're sure you ticked it off
you can kind of UNTAC uncheck it if you
check the wrong one but there we go
focus it's really cool and you can
actually I'm gonna come back over here
now you can actually like make lists and
send them to other people
Ingrid was telling me about this you can
like share this so if you're doing a
project with somebody else
you can like share this to do stuff
which is really cool especially if
you're at school or uni or something and
you want to kind of get organized if
you've got a project together but I just
use it like I have a shopping list I
have birthdays so people whose birthdays
come out when you buy them presents and
we can check them off like just general
to do things food to buy like if I know
we're out of something and it's just a
really useful app and if you are a list
maker like me it's amazing the second
one I've got is iMovie and this is
fairly self-explanatory but if you are
any kind of youtuber it makes the most
horrible noise when you open it and my
brother-in-law actually downloaded this
before Christmas and he was like you
have to get my movie on your phone and I
need to upgrade to 4s so that the camera
because the camera on the forest is
amazing because I I've been vlogging on
my phone for the last few weeks not
every time but I have been using my
phone a lot and it means I can edit my
my videos on iMovie on my phone and
upload and directly from my phone which
is just awesome like I think it costs a
wunderlist I don't know if that's free
or not it's cheap if it isn't it's like
under a pound I think my movie I think
is like 199 or $2.99 but if you are a
youtuber and you want to be doing daily
vlogging it's literally a godsend it's
amazing so I've been loving that the
next one is tiny Tower which you guys
I'm sure will be familiar with if you
watch Lucan ingress video I haven't
checked mine this morning so I have a
whole lot of issues going on but you can
see here's my tower let me zoom out
here's my little tower I think I have 30
people and 19 floors going on right now
but obviously I've only been doing this
for like I need to restock like every
single thing I've only been doing this
for like
um maybe a week so I'm really new to
Tiny Tower
when I was in LA and Ingrid I need to
focus a bit what when I was in LA and
Ingrid and Luke were like you have to
get it so fun I was like mm I don't
really know if it's my thing it's not
really like I'm not really into games
that much and I was kind of like I don't
I just really don't know but it is so
much fun it's free to download but then
you can kind of get caught up in
spending money buying things because
it's kind of like The Sims like you
basically have this tower that you build
up and you buy new floors or you like
build new floors
and you can have shops you can have
restaurants you can have like service
industry things so like hairdressers all
that kind of stuff and it's just really
fun like you have your little people
that move in and you give them jobs and
it does get the one thing that we would
say is like often you get past like ten
floors it does get a little bit um not
boring with just a little bit like same
old same old because you're kind of
constantly restocking and restocking and
restocking and then just saving up until
you buy a new floor and I think when you
have loads of floors it must just be a
little bit too much but the first few
days literally I was glued to my phone
is so addictive so the next one is
Temple Run and I don't know if you guys
I'm not sure me to be able to really
show you this but this was recommended
me to recommended to me by Nikki Phillip
I when I was in LA and she is just
hilarious if you guys haven't checked
out her channel I'll put a link in the
formation bar below and this is
basically like you have to run away from
these monkeys through a kind of like
temple it's kind of like Tomb Raider and
it's kind of fun just if you're like
waiting for a train or something it's
kind of fun just to kind of keep
yourself amused that's definitely like
I'm not as addicted to that as time you
tell her but it's kind of fun to have on
your phone the next one is blood lemon
and if you guys are in the blood loving
website um it's my favorite website
follow blogs on I do use blogger like
the blogger following system to follow
blogs but I also use blog living because
it's just it displays it an
and it's just easier to kind of read so
the blog lovin app is basically just the
same as the site it just is a mobile
version of it which is really good so if
I go onto here you guys will be able to
see this is my feet so I've got 250 new
posts that I haven't written it just
updates your posts every day and then
you can like click on them and read the
whole thing but it's just really yeah
but it's just really yeah but it's just
a really really good way to keep up with
out your favorite books if you read
blogs it's definitely a good thing I'll
put a link to the site even if you don't
want to download the app I'm pretty sure
the app is free if you have an iPhone
just to check upload let me because if
you do read blogs I would definitely
recommend it if you don't use it already
and I'll put a link to my blog on there
as well so you can go follow my blog if
you want to the next one is the Nike
Plus GPS now this is actually an
exercising app and it's really for
running I don't run at the moment but I
went through a phase just before
Christmas where I was kind of running I
was trying to run a few times a week and
I kind of do this because I hate running
so much but having this app really
helped to motivate me and I'm hoping to
start again soon basically you can
record everything about your run so you
take your iPhone with you and you can
listen to music or whatever and you can
plot routes to go on your run it shows
you where you've run it shows you like
how far how fast you've been running
your fast points your slow points your
personal bests it it kind of gives you
kind of motivational messages as you're
going along which is really cool so if
you're a runner I would definitely
recommend checking out the Nike Plus GPS
app just because it's really it's a cool
thing to have on your phone if you if
you run a lot it's a really cool thing
for me I like to anywhere and I'm just
awful at running and I'm constantly
trying to make myself run and do
exercise but it doesn't happen as much
as I would hope it would happen
yeah so that's Nike flash GPS I think
it's like 150 ish next is Instagram I'm
sure a lot of you most of you will know
Instagram but if you don't you have to
get around such really the best app in
the world it's basically a photo app so
you can take a photo and then you can
put those different filters on it to
make it look like really cool and retro
and then you can
it's like Twitter Facebook wherever and
add little captions I just love
Instagram and I didn't start using it
for such a long time this is another one
I started using it like I think when I
was in LA I think LA was I can open my
eyes moment to apps in a way because I
just been lazy until then but I have
discovered lots of good ones since then
and then finally I'm not sure how typos
insta is what it's called and this is
actually the link to Instagram but it's
basically I just got an email
it's basically an app that allows you to
write on your Instagram photos like put
little stamps and smiley faces and stuff
and I'm not going to show you a demo
because it's really hard with the camera
but it's basically a really cool thing
if you want to make cute pictures with
your Instagram you can add like messages
so if it's someone's birthday you want
to take a photo you can write like happy
birthday or put a little smiley face or
an annotation or something and it's just
a really cool thing to kind of send to
your friends I just don't have on your
phone you can add cool annotation to
your pictures so I really like that I
think you have to pay for that as long
as I got around a pound or something but
they are my top six apps this video
isn't like I know all about apps
obviously as I explained I'm fairly new
to apps and I'm definitely definitely
open to suggestions of apps that you
think I would like I have tried quite a
few and I end up deleting them that's
why if I an app I don't like I will
delete it because I hate kind of clutter
on my phone so I have had I bought more
apps than this but these are just my
kind of favorite ones so yeah if you
guys have any app recommendations then
do let me know and that would be awesome
oh another thing as well this is totally
around them but my bank has an app for
like mobile banking for your online
banking so if your bank has an app for
that I would highly recommend doing it
cuz I didn't do until recently and my
sister was like you have to get it so
much easier just to do it via an app
instead of on the internet and it's
amazing so iPhone banking the way
forward I'm loving it and apart from
that that's it for fog day 16 I will see
you tomorrow
not sure what I'm doing but hopefully it
might be something interesting so that I
can do like a following me around thing
instead of kind of a static thing but
anyway I hope you guys all had a
fabulous day and I will see you tomorrow
good bye
