hi guys its flag day 15 and I hope you
guys all had a fantastic day yesterday
today I am getting my hair down this
morning and then I am heading to London
for a few things I'm a little bit late
so this is gonna be a quick intro but
yeah I'm hoping to obviously I have
roots at the moment if you guys can see
and I'm hoping to take my hair a couple
of shades darker actually I did um my
hair a few shades darker like maybe six
months ago and ever since then my
hairdressers cutting on lighter MI
Tesoro excited together darker again
because it's just a bit too blonde at
the moment I really like the tone of it
it's kind of a she but I kind of want to
go it'll be darker so we'll see how that
goes i will see you in a bit hopefully
with my new hair and then i'm going to
be in London and tonight I'm going to be
seeing Tanya and Jim again at an event
so i will see if i can fill some of that
and see if I can film soft on you and
Jim and I will see you in a bit oh I
just got to London there I can see
myself as better and I thought it would
show you my hair and then of the
bathroom because the lighting in here is
really good but this is what my hair
looks like it's a lot as ice might not a
lot different but it's definitely a few
shades darker I'm really bad at filming
like this I'm gonna turn to wrap and
yeah it's definitely a few shades darker
as you can see like it's still blonde
but um it's a bit more of a natural
color and it matches my eyebrows a bit
better as well so I really like that if
I go into a different light you might be
able to see kind of a different it's
really blue light in here switch the
local yeah so it's a little bit dark but
I think it's more natural I really
really like it so yeah it's a pretty
boring drive down to be honest yeah not
much to report on that really just
roadworks and driving and road works but
I'm off to see Tanya a gym now which I'm
really excited about we're actually
going to a preview of the ugh spring
summer collection which will be kind of
interesting because um I always kind of
forget that i'll use a brand that does
kind of seasonal styles i always just
think it does like the classic ugg boots
stuff but it'd be interesting to see
kind of what they have to show and then
basically just me on with tanya a gem
that's kind of why we going just to meet
up and then grab a drink or something
which would be cool but I
we'll see you a bit later and let you
know how the spring and summer uggs go
hi guys tanya and freakishly tall Jim
you can't fit in the video too big it's
like he's a giant but we
I like being sure but we're just outside
Harrods like carpets and tanya is to
picture of me and Jim and we're trying
to decide which is the best picture i
think we're at now I favorite this one
this world they're all so different the
picture face I like the last fun I think
information you guys okay I think I like
am I zoomed in no this is really quite
sure we wore and we're now going
which is kind of exciting so we're just
walking along the Brompton Road you
can't see Jim he's just too tall I think
lolly immersive la grand crossing
roaster no my gym was watching kind of
that topshop looks really good i kind of
want to go
little spring life no topping I'm the
same for going to New York yes time is
going to come to me or are you going to
New York kinda yeah I kind of said when
I sin la work like I'm going with
hopefully going with Ingrid and Allison
to imax again this year I'm on a girls
trip and then Tonya and Jim are going to
come along at the same time we're going
to meet up so first time so we're going
to have this like a holiday but also me
awkward flown in Britain and Allison I
was like and which we ship you ever eat
it was like a Mersenne happens wait we
need to watch out for the shot the ugh
shop yeah I think it might be up there
we're not entirely sure where is we're
just kind of walking on the road but
yeah apart from that we just had a cup
of tea with the Buddhist waitress over
is a whole world it was rishu opposite
Harrods the woman was the grub don't go
I but you know I really like reshoot in
whereas its and John's word I've been
there and that one's really nice so I
don't know what
you likely have appetites like no
appetizer it was like okay I have an
orange Jeep as she once was a flat my
life yes she was like she was so
intimidating okay guys I can't see
ok we're going to stop looking and find
out where we go now bye hey guys we're
in the sea Jimmy need to get down a bit
this is something in a boom box is a
photo booth thanks any other photo booth
now at the hog event and this is what
 i kind of want to stay in here kind
of noisy I can't wait around to rewrite
gorilla wrong yeah you can see much yeah
so we're at now event and we noted news
i'm going to take something i think i
probably won't do what we're doing is
we're not taking a boat oh we're just
like traffic oh dear yeah i might
actually finish the rock here because
this is probably like we're gonna come
even earn it but it's been really fun
and we have this really insane drink
really strong group Beverly Hills iced
tea and the guy lied to us and he said
that it was just like no he didn't he
said it's white spirit and champagne and
I was like what white spirit like strip
paint I was like I don't want to drink
that he was like oh no it's like
odd colorfully skirts and there's no
non-alcoholic it's very strong it tastes
nice but it is there's no not our polish
think there's no mixer with it you
wouldn't want to drink many of them so
we have it all my first line I'm looking
after them something just you're big and
manly and you like just big ok so I'm
going to finish the block camera it's
actually really weird if I'm
really hard I'm gonna take some pictures
I will see you tomorrow for day six I
stopped doing that every no I'm not that
I didn't I don't think my voice is very
good ok when I'm gonna say goodbye like
that Junior
I know we said goodbye but I was going
to vlog the photos wait till it focuses
focus focus focus focus focus there we
go okay not sure what's going on here
with the cameras weren't ready and then
the second one you guys look good look
at how am I looking at Bruce D again I
was a really blue steel and yeah i were
often I obviously was not ready then and
then Jim's being a bit a bit scary in
that one and and then I think the last
one is nice you can say I've always
finished running so I was leaving I
don't know what my hair's doing now it's
a day but it's amazing
ya sanaa photos they are the photos and
I will see you all tomorrow
