hey guys so it's flog day 14 and happy
Valentine's Day to everybody even though
this will probably be uploaded after
Valentine's Day because I usually upload
in like the morning after happy
Valentine's Day I hope you guys all had
a wonderful Valentine's Day I'm in the
car in case you didn't notice I'm in my
own car for the first time in a while
because it's been snowy I've been using
Mike's car a lot and whenever I'm with
him he drives so I haven't been in my
car for like a whole week and I missed
it so I thought I would vlog from my car
I'm just running a town it is 1:40 in
the afternoon and I've been like running
around literally like a headless chicken
all morning trying to get stuff done and
then I'm running town to get Mike the
second part of this Valentine's Day
present which is some trainers which you
want and then hopefully I'll be back by
the time he gets back from work and he's
gonna be cooking dinner which is a very
exciting because Mike's a great great
cook
and this morning he actually gave me a
sweetest present I'll show you guys
later but it's basically like a little
Anaheim watch coin purse with hearts on
it and it was just so adorable so I was
like I will make the effort around town
and actually get the train as I meant to
get last week because I know he'll
really like them so I'm gonna do that
and then grab some lunch and then I will
be back hey guys so I just got back from
shopping and I managed to get the shoes
for Mike which are exactly the same as
the ones he has now like even the same
color but I also got him
this is his fragrance that is wrapped up
and then this is the card I've got him
if you guys look at this looks so much
like worth it just made me laugh yes I'm
gonna do a bit of kind of customizing so
here's a picture of me and Mike this
summer back when he had long hair which
I know you guys the majority of you
hated and you prefer it with short hair
but I quite liked his long hair and then
I also bought him Johnny English Reborn
on DVD which I didn't actually know this
was this I kind of went a bit crazy I
didn't know this was out and I walked
past HMV and I saw that that was out and
he loves it so I got on that and then I
also got him
series 2 of Sherlock which I watched the
first series of it I actually bought the
I bought the series you know I remember
when I was in New York last April and we
met with Josh son Chris and if you guys
know him he does YouTube he's amazing
we met up with him for dinner and he
recommended this series to me even
though it's an English series that has
been on English TV he had been watching
it online he said Oh have you been
watching Sherlock and I was like no but
anyway recently I managed to buy the
series one DVD set and it was amazing so
I bought Mike series two because he
loves it as well and then I thought I'll
show you his shoes to that I got him
I've spoiled him I'm really excited
about this actually because my coils me
a lot so I am I thought I should spoil
him for once these are the shoes they're
just like brown suede and I actually
really like these I know there are a
kind of early mm trend I think but I
really like them because they're like
trainers but they're kind of smart so
yeah I just realized I haven't I didn't
show you guys what might got me for
Valentine's Day because he actually gave
me his version this morning because I
don't know he was like I want to give
you a present this morning but I wanted
to wait till tonight when we have dinner
so he got me this card which is so cute
look at the teddy bears I love this card
I thought it was so cute and then he
bought me a little purse which is
actually downstairs I'm going to show
you it's the most gorgeous little Anna
Hindmarch purse which if you guys watch
me a lot you'll know I love I know how
in march and this is especially
appropriate for a Valentine's Day
because it looks like caught my scarf it
looks like this so it's red leather with
gold studs and the studs are actually if
my camera will focus the studs are
actually heart-shaped and they have
little bows on them and it's from the
same kind of not the same collection but
the same line as Miami I had much
started bag as well so I just thought
that was really cute which is another
coin purse and it has a tassel to just
really cool but anyway I'm gonna wrap
those up now do a little bit of
customizing off the card I come up with
this awesome poem which I'm gonna write
down and then I will show you
okay so I've just finished the picture
and this is really cheesy and I kind of
can't believe I'm showing you guys this
but it's to explain it a little bit
first Mike and I call each other fish I
know it's like the weirdest nickname but
like most couples which are like baby or
honey or something about that Mike and I
call each other fish and there's no like
real reason behind it there's nothing
gross or anything like that we just yeah
came up with fish when we've always
called each other that I've since we
first started going out to anyway I did
this little poem and it's not a poem
it's just like a little cheesy one I
thought I would show you guys this
it's roses are red the sea is blue there
are lots of fish in it but I'm the one
for you how cheesy is that and then a
picture of me and Mike actually which is
taken on the beach in Portugal last
summer so yeah looking adoringly into
each other's eyes so that was going
inside the card along with another
cheesy message which I'm going to keep
private obviously because I have to keep
something back from you guys otherwise
you know it would just be a readiness
you don't want to see how someone has
just got home and was very excited and
has to be surrounded I got a lot of mud
on my face because I think yeah yes
muddle over say but I'm busy day are you
gonna tell everybody what you're gonna
cook this evening I just got a rundown
of the menus this evening and it's
sounding pretty good well work me might
like you to start we would have a crispy
aromatic duck thank you
and for mains you're having a delightful
delightful the life of prawn prawn fish
cakes yes Paris Andros served with from
from um to the kitchen table for pudding
Fleur is going to have tiramisu with Jam
we squirty cream her favorite and ice
cream with a new ice cream scoop I'm
feeling though Mike that a lot of these
are pre-prepared meals I thought you
were gonna cook them way of making to
receipt know that I've bought okay
because I mean you're making duck I've
got a duck with pre pack stuff like so
funny like it's good I like it I like it
I casket but Mike's like thanks for
cooking he's buying it from Waitrose and
we're gonna get half a duck on its own I
know I mean I was be eight presents
have you seen one president eyes on you
yeah I showed them show them already
well I've got some present for you here
presents I thought we said goo getting
there isn't yeah we did but then I
bought you some more do you want the
card first or a present very hard first
always the card okay it's about the card
this is about the love of the day no no
that says he who has or presents do you
don't want that I can take the bag Thank
You Tico don't rip it very special
personalized card reading you know
reading personalized card do you get it
I've showed already what that's private
and personal I didn't think it was too
personal
I've got extremely long hair another
thing I know that's why I said I was
like anyhow long hair like every bit
like all you guys didn't like when he
had long hair I liked your long hair I
like sure hon Allie sure have lots of
mud in it yeah your muddy look at this
guy's oh this mud on his face they look
like freckles that's actually this
because I was power in the back of a
real clan an excuse a clam a real clam a
Cara was pot a clam of a car okay would
you like your first present no this is I
reckon it's a bottle of wine no yeah
this is this is bad doing this many
presents of Valentine's Day
you should not have this many sir I
can't well I'll keep something hmm
stinky stuff oh well if you just like
the wrapping paper worth look that's
more there's more oh yeah no no okay it
smells good have a smell
thank God smell this before when we
every time we go around in department
stores I always pick this out they like
smell this smell is I want you to smell
like this what if I don't like it
you'll have to like it because I like it
you do like it you've said it before
this I bought in America fresh limes
your finger I made cut it whilst I was
engineering engineering apart let me
smell that's nice
you do like that no this and this in it
look what this is okay ready ready
automatically lines it up that does
magnet magnet see that yes more a Weber
yes
Johnny English it's not very Valentine
thing no by the way you like it and
there's another one that's let me get
this on my thoughts it is well no it was
pre-planned
well he's opening this one that was like
yes
Ceri - very good we recommend this
anyone have you actually seen seriously
yeah I just you've seen the whole thing
okay but you want to watch it again with
me cuz I missed it it's pretty amazing
it was kind of a gift of me and well why
did you buy this a long time ago today
no today no have you been today to buy
all these presents that you hadn't
bought this morning I've heard that
perfume for ages just the first yes and
the cards I had the card like three days
ago I got your present all the three
days yeah well I've had the perfume
longest so happy about friendly just be
happy and grateful mixer will be your
favorite nice new shiny new yours say
happy Valentine's Day YouTube happy
Valentine's Day give him a kiss whoopee
give them a kiss Mike have you
Valentine's Day everyone
see you tomorrow
