hi guys and welcome to flog day 13 so
today I'm joined by my friend Lisi who I
might recognize from a few of my frogs
throughout vlogmas because she was
around a little bit then she lives in
Scotland so I don't see her very much
which sucks but I mentioned a while ago
that I was going to do a video about
University on Twitter and a lot of you
were really really like not excited like
that's kind of excited by it but like a
lot of you said that you would like for
me to do it so I'm going to do it but
I've got literally to come and join me
because I really didn't have a great
experience at uni so I wanted this video
to be a kind of unbiased unique
experience video so I didn't really like
you Lucy love doing really good fun and
we're like best mates have been for a
very long time so I thought it was kind
of a good umm oh yeah over all over okay
an overview anybody like yes okay so
we're going to go from like um choosing
uni and like leaving home the first week
what the workload can be like and then
everything else like an overall
experience of like if you're about to go
to uni or even if you just want to know
about yeah song euni if you've been to
uni already Origen don't go to uni so
first of all like choosing the in which
I think from my experience is the most
important thing which I actually did
wrong yeah so um I mean when you're
applying Lissy you'll know more about
this listen school so I worked at school
moment I think they're like a few things
I think are really important when you're
choosing the University and I think it
depends a lot on who you are as well
like me and Fleur we we'd both on my gat
P and we'd been we'd been traveling
around quite a lot for hands so I think
we were both quite used to being away
from home and not necessarily being at
home all the time so I actually even
though I live in the Midlands in England
I actually went to university in
Edinburgh so up in Scotland so you know
six hours away from home and I asked
shouldn't have a problem with the dance
I thought that was fine I quite like
being away yeah otherwise if you want to
spend a lot of time at home and you want
to go home kind of during my
for the occasional weekend or whatever
then that's something to think about is
like the distance subject wise I think
it can be really tricky because you
basically choose the subject you want to
study at uni which could potentially
affect well almost directly affects what
you're going to be doing for the rest
but you know rest of your life I think
as well it's really more just point out
that English in about well British
universities differ from America because
Brophy I choose your major when you when
you join up and that's when you're gonna
be doing which dollars while he is but
American ones you can change around
Washington I mean you can't change it
British uni's but it's a lot harder you
can only choose one subject that you're
going just excuse me you choose one
subject you're gonna study like
throughout the three years and it's um
the standard courses in the UK or three
is less he actually did a four years
cashews in Scotland says a little bit
different but I think it's really
important to kind of be open-minded when
you choose the subjects as well so I did
geography which i think is a very broad
subject I do human geography as well so
it wasn't anything to do with like rocks
and rivers and stuff like that it's more
like social social studies yeah so like
it's quite broad um and because I wasn't
really sure like what where I was going
to go or what I was going to do I think
choosing something that can lead into
multiple different kind of jobs or
whatever you want to like you know where
I'm going and I think that's really good
unless I see you're very set on doing
something vocational like yeah or
veterinary law or veterinary medicine
anything like that but um yeah yeah I
think that's important to kind of keep
your eyes like focused into the future
because you think about it you're like
seventeen I know that at 17 I was like I
just didn't have a clue as I all do
geography degree yeah I really think
particulars arts types at like I'd
history of art and it all my friends
things like history politics those arts
based subjects I think are just really
good degrees just as a solid good degree
to have and they can lead into so many
different fields there's not like a
particular what I just could use
knowledge doesn't mean how to journalism
you know you can do anything
yeah and you don't have to like do a
conversion call now to do something yeah
yeah they kind of lead into that quite
well so I'm trying to think Oh the main
thing is well that I think when choosing
you knees and this is where I really
went wrong because I really didn't like
my university or my university
experience I think you have to look
quite deeply into the social side of the
university as well and not just rely on
league tables because what I do with my
university I was at the London School of
Economics which I mean you can tell by
the name it was quite a serious
university it was based on economics and
social science and and I had been told
by numerous people that it was not a
very fine university
everybody is fairly serious they all
want to go into the city in general a
lot of people want to go into I do not
why I wanted to do and so I ended up
being with a lot of people that I didn't
really not like I got on with him right
they didn't really click with me they
weren't really known as you know they're
not very similar and I did make a few
really good friends I'm still in touch
with but I didn't have a great time um
because I just didn't really fit in that
well I don't think and the reason why I
picked it was because it was the top
place that I got into it's like pretty
well respected University it's quite
high in early tables and I was just like
hi I'm going to go for that because
it'll be great on my CV and I ended up
really not enjoying it so I wish I'd
gone I've taken it like to account the
social factors and maybe concerts for
example like UCL which is on the
doorstep fallacy they're very very close
they're all like they're both in London
they're very close to each other and UCL
has kind of known to be the more kind of
laid-back one and it's it's like two
league table sports below it and I
should have probably gone there and I
would have been much happier so I think
that's really really important is look
at the social side of things talk to
people who've been there before which is
really important for years yeah because
the things I always knew I'm from like
the countryside I always know anyway
in London as much as I like London
visiting almost 50 tourists I didn't
really I really didn't want to be at
university there
my sister had been an admiral for me as
well so I kind of had it at the feet of
the city and I knew even though it
obviously is the capital city area and
you know it is quite small there are
basically three main streets and then
there are really big pockets of student
areas where they will live and I think I
knew from my experience when I've been
at andhra visiting my sister that it was
what i wanted it was really sociable
city really fun really outgoing had the
sports and extracurricular things i
really like to do yeah
and as well as you know it wasn't the
best for my course but i decided to
actually i prefer i want to go to that
University more than I wanted see that
yet
so you did the right thing I did the
wrong thing I went for like that is like
number three for geography I'm gonna go
there cone yeah instead of being like
okay the league tables came in choice
you're probably just like again I like
um but yeah that's also another thing as
well I think is um if you deciding what
kind of university experience you want
because for example in London I mean
some of the London universities are
different because they're further out
and they have more of a campus
environment but for example LSE is very
much in the city center of it's in very
very central London and there's not so
much any kind of student community and
all of the halls are quite spread out
all of where people live as well once
people leave halls in the second year
everybody goes kind of all over London
um and it's hazel sucks like a long time
to let go across I talk about
accommodation we choose accommodation
yeah your first year as well um because
we both choose chose different things
yeah I did self cases and you dedicated
it yeah I decatur it which i think as
well for me was really big bonus because
our catered campus it's all in this one
area there are something like 3,000
people living there which sounds a bit
nuts we all eat in the same area as well
and the food wasn't great like it was
okay I mean there's always the baked
potato salad yeah like always chips and
you know the standard kind of masticated
food but I think for me that was
actually really good and there's always
so much hype that you know you're gonna
get on with everyone
corridor and all this other stuff and I
actually yeah for me in a big way like I
the girls on my Korra unit and when he
came say yeah like they were nasty girls
that like I didn't fall out with him but
they were just totally like I barely
spoke to most of them there was one girl
that lived next door to me he was really
sweet and I spoke to her on like a daily
basis like hi how are you kind of thing
but we weren't friends like it wasn't
like oh I'm gonna pop next door and see
my friend I did have friends in my holes
that were like five floors below me but
I didn't socialize with anyone in my
flat because it was very there's another
thing about LSE as well which I thought
was a kind of a good thing when I went
there is that it has a very very high
percentage of international students so
I thought it would be kind of like quite
cosmopolitan you get to know lots of
kind of different people which I love
doing and like meeting people from
different countries it's just it's kind
of an interesting experience but at the
end of the day ended up actually being
very cliquey which is really kind of sad
because I think a lot of people just
stuck with people who that they either
knew from if they'd been coming over and
they got in touch before or they
basically stuck in like country groups
which is like really sad considering
it's meant to be one of the most kind of
international meanies so I found that
like because I was self-catered I didn't
have that like going down to eat
breakfast lunch dinner like we'd all go
out on a Saturday night or something in
the next day we would all like meet up
for brunch on a Sunday and all talk
about what happened at the Student Union
the night for but even like the concepts
you don't feel at the beginning yeah cuz
you're kind of forced it so yeah yeah
and not you just meet you meet friends
friends when you're just seeing at
tables and I don't know for me I
actually thought it was really really
good even though maybe my halls itself
wasn't great I don't think you should
judge everything on you know something
you feel like oh you know my rooms
really nasty and this stuff falling down
it doesn't matter you're there pretty
much for you if you have a good Tighe
you're just sleeping there yeah doing
work yeah yeah it's like a so the second
part is that we're gonna talk about is
like leaving home and this doesn't
really apply too much to us because like
Lizzy said we were both went travelling
before we went to uni so we both been
away from home for like longer periods
of time here would be if we were at uni
so we
kind of didn't really have the
homesickness thing definitely look at
distance like Lissy said as well and
also cost because sometimes if you want
to be going home a lot if it costs you
like 80 pounds to get the train it's
going to tell you as a student when you
ask it and you know you don't you can't
afford to spend 80 pounds going home
every few weeks and it will really put
you off kind of going home and then you
can get homesick I think yeah okay the
third thing we want to talk about is
first week in freshers week and kind of
make make friends yeah I think it's
really important like even if you're
scared I know I'm like fairly shy in
that kind of situation I know I was so
nervous the first day when I moved in to
my flat and I basically had a bit of a
pallava when I got there I went in and
they were like oh we don't have a room
for you oh and I was like remember she
called me up like oh I was always my mom
was furious as well she was with me and
like because I'd taken a gap year I had
known that I had my place at that
University for a whole year longer than
everyone else and I'd applied for those
halls a whole year before everyone else
so like I'd be one of the first ones in
there and they're like we don't have
room for you but what we're going to do
is put you together in because I've
specifically said that I wanted like I
didn't mind if I had a quiet room I
wanted like a mixed hallway like I said
my being with boys I'm like but
basically I ended up with all of the
people who had said they wanted to be
girls only super quiet and like yeah not
very sociable basically and I think
that's why I can't go on with them yeah
but you need to make like a really big
effort even if you're scared on the
first day just to like talk to people
that leave your door open is the mayor I
think that's really key and I won't just
I was just I still do it nowadays like
when I'm in a situation where I know no
one I'm like what have I got to lose
just I threw myself at anyone that's
working on um also about fresh sneakers
is always so much hype fresh tweaks got
a new best week of your life and like
whatever happens you're gonna get really
wasted you're gonna meet loads people
and you know you're gonna be those boys
okay it doesn't necessarily happen yeah
I know like I would say a massive
I was saying Fleur my best freshest
weeks and fourth year where I had all of
my best friends around me you know
people better I knew that I was chewing
for a really long year of hard work but
I was with my best friends it didn't
really care about anything else I just
was having a really good time a really
good mom I think like you meet friends
like throughout uni like a different
spaces so ya don't meet like amazing
people in freshers week don't worry
about it and a lot of people say like
the friends that you make in the first
week end up by the time like the end of
uni most of them you aren't really like
I met some really like in my sit like
I'm in my third year I still met some
really some friends that I'm really good
friends now and I look back and I'm like
this is crazy why won't you yeah what I
say with you is well yeah I met like my
best friend from uni um at the end of
second year and like we have been in
classes together because we both really
didn't like it we didn't really fit in
we were like after like first year we
kind of stay to ourselves a little bit
in class this is kind of like we kind of
knew everybody we thought we did and we
ended up meeting and like working on a
project together and literally clicking
and just hits it just like that I've
been just hitting it often like we
really got on so well and she's like one
of my best mates too so like I think you
know you can meet people through our
yeah right next thing work and the
actual the work no other thing that I
wasn't prepared for it uni was the
difference in the what I love work the
style of work and also the grading of
the world yeah because first of all like
I never really had to read for uhm work
before like like writing no more books
yeah yeah at school I think everything
is kind of like spoon-fed to you in the
way that you have a lesson and whoof is
barking at nothing again you have a
lesson and they kind of the teacher
teaches it to you yeah whereas I feel
like at Union do why not yeah you
get to invent everything whereas I think
at uni it's like they'll mention
something that you are expected to know
about because you're meant to have read
know about it already and like doing
reading that's not on the reading list
like that's what scared me is
meaningless there's like this long for
every lecture that you go to and you
have to choose what to read but then you
also expected you reading outside of the
reading list as well so like it depends
on what subject do you like if you do in
maths and like economics and something's
not so much but geography there was a
lot of reading and for you I bet yeah
everything well I think flour works a
lot harder than I did at university I
would say all say I think NSE was a lot
more like driven like academically not
that quiet Elena it's like a really top
university but LSE you think is quite um
just like I think academically at school
I think we were quite similar
yeah and that we were like I was quite
often getting like higher grades than
you were and you were working a lot
harder I think like we yeah yeah I was
working and not at school like it like
that's the thing like I am yeah I
remember going coming to visit you
anything like oh yeah I guess probably
like two-thirds of my lectures and I was
like you know if I miss that me that
cheese guys it would that be like yet
cuz that's the thing what you can miss
lectures at a lot of unity can but I
think most universities don't know about
America one yeah I don't know about all
this is British Union yeah it's not
American so um yeah I mean I felt like
if I miss the lecture I would be totally
off kill ya the rest of the term like
I've like I'd have to catch up and I get
my friends no today see what happened
because a lot of the time as well like
because Joffrey was a small subject um
like it wasn't like you weren't given
that much stuff online some of the
economics lectures cuz oh see because
it's an economic school were actually
filmed and put online so you have to go
to your lectures you can watch it online
oh my god which yeah I kind of disagree
with because I think you should make
that effort go and I think for all those
people that make the effort to go to the
lecture and get out of bed and get that
information I think they should be given
a slight advantage to the people that
were lazy and stayed in bed and woke up
at midday and then watched it online
I won't there should be an advantage to
like actually going I will say as well
that loads people when you go to
university basically don't know what
it's like um mostly I think it basically
is in your first year you have to get
this forty percent basically to get into
a second so
which of those it is really low and then
essentially your grade is marked when
your second and third year or your final
two years my first mounted okay oh geez
for like ten percent but like I know a
lot of people that are in that first
well tickets because enemy your first
two years essentially didn't count II
just had to pass so a lot of people
would get like scrape by getting 45
percent pashing really hard which is
great and they would still end up with
our last two years they'd worked really
hard and do get like a really good
degree so it's fine what I have notice
they're like I I was getting like pretty
much the same like grades right all all
the way that was crew to one which tie
could be basically anyway which is good
and I've noticed now since I'm left
University I'm actually really pleased
that I did put in a little bit of effort
in those first two years because on some
application forms I was it depends what
you want to do but they'll ask you for
your every single grade you've got I
ready Musti oh that's actually very good
because so like I'm quite pleased that I
didn't just like get a full sentence
great by which you know I could have
done yeah but I was shocked how she's
well-liked by the difference in grading
so from sooner like the 40% Pathmark
you're literally like oh my god that's
so easy like two percent like at school
you'll be going 80's 90's or yeah yeah
and without doing too much work I would
have to work but it wasn't like we like
really we get like 70s look at my
English were like uni it's like I
remember my exams in my first year and I
got like a low to two and I because I've
been putting the same amount of effort
in yeah as I did at school I worked
quite hard to school I wasn't the
slacker yeah um and I was just shocked I
was like oh my god like I I can't
believe this I thought I was working
really hard and but again I think that
Tennessee
I think they've mark when I was like I
don't think I stepped up my work rate
that much like I said a bit but it felt
that much to still be do yeah okay but
then it went like in my second and third
year right like really learnt I only
started to learn how to work at Union my
second and third yeah I think that's
part of it as well like I think that's
why they make the first year not count a
lot yeah it's useful towards your final
grade because it is a very big change in
how you learn also I want this to
actually I actually found the idea of
someone just standing there and talking
for an hour and you writing down what
they're talking about really bizarre
because you're
used to having a class where it's really
interactive and you talk about it and
you know to give you question sheets and
or a book that you'll talk about and
things of that quite big yeah like I'd
have like 70 100 poem on a because
history of art and other people like to
do it's a sigh subject and so I like
that it should be a man talking for an
hour and you just I just write down what
he said and it's just a really great way
of learning from school and the huge
lectures as well like some of the
biggest ones have like 300 people yeah I
was more my experience of lectures was a
little bit more like school because most
of the lectures that I had like 20 to 30
people yeah sometimes even less so you
could like ask a question they might
there might be time for a slightly
inappropriate wife question but you
could definitely like ask the lecturers
questions but I think when you're in
that situation if you're a really big
uni or doing a bit course yeah is a very
different yeah okay so like about
overall experience this I put low note
here to mention as well um I'm actually
met Mike who for those of you don't
watch my videos all the time and most of
you have watched my videos before is my
boyfriend I met him just before I went
to uni literally like two weeks before I
won t knee and I knew at a time I was
like this is a bad idea but I really
really liked him so I didn't want to be
like no I don't want to go out with you
because that would be mean from start
and so we kind of started a relationship
at a really like awkward time and it
wasn't the best time like I wouldn't
recommend meeting a boyfriend who you
really love like just before you go to
uni because it does um change your
experience a lot and like I know that
even though I didn't get on with the
people that well at uni I know I would
have probably had um I would have been
forced to have a better time if I hadn't
been going out with Mike because I
wouldn't you always have the option like
I didn't have a great time so I would
ring up Mike or I would go home at the
weekend and see Mike and things like
that or he would come and see me and I
think that definitely like makes it
difficult or is if didn't have that
choice you wave would have been like
okay I ought to do I have to go out with
these people and like make friends and
but at the end of the day like I know I
wouldn't have loved it no matter what
because if I was gonna love it like I
would have liked it yeah I might was I'm
like used to come as well and he like
ever everybody that used to come visit
me like you understand why didn't like
it it was bit like all of my friends are
like yeah we chose because I feel like
such a weirdo being like I didn't really
like uni because everybody has this
great expectation it's going to be like
the best time of your life and and like
all of my friends like do uni pretty
much and I just feel like very weird for
not liking uni but when they came to
visit me they all understood why I liked
it
so yeah I think well I just think
everything the end the day everyone has
very different experiences and I think
what the most amazing thing is that you
didn't like it like from the first she
didn't like it you still stuck out for
three years and because I'm caught up in
I think yeah but you got really amazing
true from it from a really amazing
University and I actually think I think
that's so good I think it's such a I
think it's a really good point like a
really good show of what your
characteristic is like as well like even
that you hate that you still stuck it
out and yeah like you're now doing
something you enjoy even though it's not
necessarily relation to your degree
you're still like yeah you know I really
got to do it and yeah it's worth it just
for life skills typing so I think and I
definitely learn a lot I only like you I
think yeah just definitely like
academically yes but in terms of like
growing up and also another thing that I
should mention as well we didn't say
actually working throughout uni um I had
a part-time job the whole way through
uni and in first year sometimes I was
away I worked like two days a week maybe
three days ago and sometimes it was
actually like in the evenings it was
quite a weird job I worked for an events
company and I used to go to other you
knees and hold like careers events not
me hold them but I used to set
everything up and that also made me
realize because I was obviously visiting
all these other unit yeah it may be like
I want to be at this you like these guys
are very fun like meeting any other
students and that kind of also made me
realize like my uni was a bit of an
exception yeah um but in terms of
working I would definitely recommend
especially in like first and second year
if you have the time to get a job
because it just takes the pressure off
so much in terms of like like finance
now because I think everyone else about
everyone relies on their student loan
which you get it in your like whoo look
like thousands of pounds to play with
like no you do
oh yeah if we do that by the end of the
turn
yeah it like and you know who are all
skin which is like kind of on the same
boat together but you can get like I
know I love my friends who don't know
waitress thing and stuff like that just
just kind of help support them a little
bit in the holidays on holidays I used
to always work at like really tedious
office job especially if you're in a big
city like I was in London so that we out
of a lot of job opportunities available
yeah and it definitely helps I would
definitely like recommend trying to
organize a job whilst you're at uni
because you have a lot of spare time
this one yeah yeah you do yeah so like
overall like like my most important
thing if you are thinking about going to
university like the next few years is
your choice of uni and basing it on
yourself don't base it on other people
other people say to you like in terms of
like you need to go to this uni because
it's the best for your course talk to
people that have actually been there and
experienced it that I like you yeah um
and because that's exactly how let you
end up in the perfect unit for you
because your sister was there you know
that she's like you and you asked
several things and that's the biggest
thing for me because I my experience at
Union was kind of ruined by the fact
that I didn't do that
yeah so that's like my biggest tip yeah
and I just think I just think my life
flying well I know I just had the best
one ever I just think you should make
most of all your opportunities when you
go to university like just you are you
look back and you're like wow I just
have so many chances like let's talk
about fresh fella like I still might
think skydiving when I was my life I'm
either gonna Rihanna
you know I just think you should take
advantage of everything and he do
although flirt like the friends he made
there where I'm now really good friends
yeah but like I made some amazing
friends that and who I still like we're
catching up later on this week and I'm
so ever it's nice about seeing them all
again and like I think you've really
you've got to make friends for life
there as well so I think just yeah take
take every chance you get yeah cool well
I hope this video has helped you let us
know in the comments below if you have
had a similar experience to ask your
thoughts on uni if you've got anything
that you think we missed out or anything
like that and then definitely let us
know
apart from that don't forget I vlogging
every single day of February so make
sure you subscribe for more videos
and I will see you all tomorrow ah
