hey guys so it's Flag Day 12:00 and
today I am just cooking up a huge feast
basically we just got back from linkage
here and I am cooking for my three best
friends from school who are coming over
who we actually really really rarely all
see each other together so it's really
exciting and you guys would have seen
Lissy
a couple of times in my vlogs and then
Alex who was in vlogmas day 23 I think
oh my god I remember and then Jess who's
just got back from China so that'd be
really cool
and then Matt and Lucy who you guys and
once they see that we went skating with
so they're all coming up dinner so I'm
cooking butternut squash which is
already here and ready to kind of be
roasted stuffed with ratatouille so I'm
cooking the ratatouille now I need to
just fry the onions and garlic and then
I'm doing chicken wrapped insurance so
like slices of shirt so not like culture
it's no obviously so yeah it should be
good and then I'm also cooking banana
pudding like banana into a people in
which I've never cooked before when I
found this recipe on the Internet and
it's like microwave banana pudding so I
don't know how that would go anyway I'll
keep you guys updated on my cooking
extravaganza I'm gonna call it until
then okay so we got the chicken with
Truitt's oh and lemon and thyme butter
ready to go butternut squash is still
the same and then we've got the
ratatouille which is gonna go in the
butternut squash and then what are you
up to over here making potatoes Mike
it's basically the fussiest pass in the
world she doesn't like butternut squash
he doesn't like courgette he doesn't
like aubergine he doesn't like mushroom
what else don't you like pretty much
everything that goes into rustic oh he
doesn't like tomatoes anything goes into
ruffle sweet Oh butternut squash so he
is making potato is instead for him
boy love mushrooms stick them in a stew
I usually cook stew when I'm cooking
she's a nightly what else is there to
say
did you have a nice drive back today I
was leaning for like the whole I was
asleep like the whole car journey back
and woof
every time I fell asleep woof we're
trying like sneak over onto Mike's lap
and wake me up and then I have to put
her back on my lap or on the floor and
she's just so naughty
where is worth let's go find work in the
dark
hello worth we have energy-saving lights
are so annoying they take about two
hours to brighten up so you can see
anything - ibly Wibbly
she's grumpy but the pudding is oh wait
my video skills on the pudding is banana
cake with fudge you can't ice up if you
want lyses filming by the way everyone
yeah it's looking good isn't it it's a
bit crumbly when you try and cut it
though but it tastes good I haven't
tried it I made that up when I said it
tastes good
Matt's getting stronger because he wants
to eat it
right now he wants to be a banana cake
what do you mean this is an almond cake
with oh oh I'm gonna milk another each
flavors building re fibers I'm getting
you know what about the vanilla vanilla
ice cream
I believe this corner cream is that
homemade you put that cake in your mouth
pretty good and Easter through the next
round
yeah true to the next round I just do a
quick video montage of everyone's
reaction and verdict of my banana cake
because it was so good math epic Lissie
proper lush just fit Alex with this size
okay so Leslie seems to think that she
knows a really fun game cool the after
eight game yeah plays with after eight
chocolates what really what do you do
you see you put the forehead you just
wait till it melts oh just not with him
