hi guys it's logged a time
tada
and today we are on our way from Norfolk
to linkage here we're going to see my
sister and Spike and yeah we're going
there for the weekend like the second
part of our weekend this is the second
road trip in two days we actually could
only stay with Tanya and Jim before what
about it but it was so fun to see them
and see their new house well which is
really cool because we've never been to
stay with them before like they've been
to stay with us but there's the first
time to go like going to visit them and
it was really really fun and we had a
good dinner and I hope you guys enjoyed
yesterday's vlog it was a little bit
like sporadic but sectioned up into
random kind of chunks because we kept on
forgetting to film so just chatting away
but I hope you guys enjoyed it
and we were gonna film smaller while we
took what for a walk but then we kind of
forgot about it and then we had to leave
in a bit of a hurry because we don't
want to be driving when it's dark
because there has been quite a bit of
snow
we don't know like what the roads are
gonna be like so we thought it's better
to go in the daytime but we have about
an hour and a half left it's actually
like not that far to get from Norfolk to
Lincoln shit it's not that far but the
roads are all really slow roads so only
if you guys can see here but we're
basically like following Laurie's has so
many lorries on this road so you're
averaging like maybe 50 miles an hour
whereas if it's a very - it obviously be
go fast
oh-oh-oh Mike's got a fence all-hands
noise we're averaging 49 miles an hour I
think was pretty accurate with my 50
miles an hour estimate actually but it's
actually a very very beautiful day I
don't know if you can see out here the
Sun has come out and even though it's
snowy it's kind of like nice and sunny
so it's actually quite a nice dry
weather is still sitting on my laps
pretty much the same as yesterday we're
sitting on my lap Mike is driving and I
am probably about to go and have a nap
I always mapped I ride the car yes but
yeah we have a really good time with
Tonya Jim and we actually filmed three
videos when we were there we were there
for like just under 24 hours so it was a
pretty quick visit but we filmed outfit
of the day for my channel which will go
up hopefully maybe just before this
video goes up so it might be up already
and then we did spring makeup for
Tonya's channel and then we also did
like a style video for Jim's channel
which is really funny and Mike was
actually in that one he was a branching
out your YouTube guest appearances yeah
it's quite cool I thought it was quite
cool actually seeing you like in Jim's
videos because like he's a guy too and
he won't even at my video that's what
you like girly
quite relaxed I've been telling him off
because Mike like constantly wants to
overtake people and like nod like now
yeah well there's no one coming the
other way but on this kind of road it's
just like a constant stream of traffic
so I've been trying to argue too but
there's no point overtaking because
you're just gonna get stuck by the next
person and then they were taking us up
behind the next person see you might as
well just relax and go 49 miles now but
mike wants to go like 65 60 obviously
that's the speed limit so he wants to go
60 miles out and yeah everybody's going
49 and it's just generally a bit of a
pain but we'll get there eventually I
enjoyed the scenery and until then I
will see you later
farewell okay guys so this actually is
gonna be like a day 10 and day 11 a lot
because yesterday basically we got here
and little spike hasn't been very well
so we've been kind of helping my sister
and it hasn't really been too much going
on to film but we have a significant
amount of virgin snow here well it's
actually not virgin because the dogs
just ran over but we are going to make
the world's largest snowman and see how
it goes
so are we gonna start rolling I think we
need to go basically like my sister's
garden is like a big square so I think
we're gonna start at one corner and
start rolling the snowman Mike starting
here it will work it's snow
Cillian this is gonna work either i
think i snowman has failed maybe we
should try something else
have us like rolling the snowman this is
what when you do a snow angel along and
then having like a giant snowman against
the wall at the back don't you make a
snow gotta get in a fresh with snow the
dogs over there they won't yeah
wealthy after the snow angel Wolfie is
the snow angel and this is my outlet
sexy ok floodwalls get in your cart
ready for action
jeez
flood the forces somewhat slowing down
on there oh she's coming in
my right and so as we're going around
like our hands are getting more it's so
cold I had like totally done he can't
feel steering wheel I just stopped and
was like oh my hands Mike's like oh good
one into the league to follow in - okay
so we just got back from go-karting and
I just wanted to show you guys it's my
school is actually ridiculously
embarrassing but um here's the graph of
everybody who was racing and you can see
like the like that's like how long it
took if ever it to get round so pretty
low pretty low all the boys and then
there's me at the end in the red in the
red off the scale I'm so slow so is now
the end of the day and I'm sorry I did
kind of a combined vlog for the last
couple of days cuz we've had a bit of a
interesting one last night Hannah is a
making baby well turns away every time
I'm gonna capture one but um yeah we had
a good time go-karting today so hope you
guys enjoyed seeing that and I will see
you tomorrow for yet another road trip
home
