hey guys it's vlog day
I can't do the framelit mrs. hope you
look got a cold
but we are on our way to see Tanya had
Jim woohoo Mike's thriving as usual
Murphy is insisting one sitting on my
lap but wiggling around too much for my
liking
it's actually it takes us about two and
a half hours to get there so it's kind
of a long trip as you can tell I'm still
feeling a little pepperoni but we're
going to stop all the way and try again
sir pottery nasal spray which is
probably too much information for you
guys but it's basically the best thing
ever if you have a block nose like you
can tell I have it just gets rid of it
and we're bout to be filming some videos
with Tanya and Jim hopefully later so it
doesn't have to have LOC nose because
you sound funny when you have a bottle
nose like it yeah
I've got an eyelash apparently so gone
so I'm barely gonna try and control the
dog now but okay we're gonna stop for
luncheon for yellow cause it's currently
12:05 and we've got about two hours so I
have arrived at Tanya and Jim's house
quite a long time ago actually now tanya
is here and the boys are just about to
go off and buy with some dog food
because we forgot to get dog food for
her on the way there is Jim who is also
gonna be vlogging apparently whoops here
and Mike is flashing at me yes we go out
for dinner tonight
I'm actually really hungry we've came in
and instantly tracked down an old
Maltese she just it's Lee she goes
around to people's houses and
embarrasses them by finding like
anything that's hanging around that you
don't know this but how you're out for a
while like yeah she's disgusting was she
doing
with guys we're in the car now and Jim
is driving it is currently I don't know
if you'll be able to see cuz the
lighting system we've got going on this
turn you're holding our iPhone but we
are a little bit late tonight is likely
do this so can see both of us we're a
little bit late because we've been
filming an outfit of the day so we
realized that our table was like do you
at the time that we've had the time away
so hopefully they won't give it away I'm
really hungry or just saying like what
do you fancy
what's like your ideal meal right now I
got really rare steak steak at all or
mashed potato yeah really I have never
been so special in the evening I've only
ever been in the days over
what do you fancy boys I don't know how
this lighting techniques salmon so it
might be different I'm not sure if this
is working but Mike what do you want
meat meat meat what kind of meat a steak
I think is I think it might be staying
around
yeah really Brown I think I might like
or at stake with peppercorn sauce
I love peppercorn sauce oh it's even
worse we do this I see dead people
it's horrendous
dog would know and get chased by Willie
there's like a rainbow around the light
isn't that right so the main cause but
yeah to sum up we both got steaks so
rosemary gazpacho which is normally a
cold tomato soup something
Oh apple and caramel milk oil which is
this ginger beer
and this is sure that's what I poked it
I'm not gonna lie I have the temptations
oh oh you couldn't have done the into
trying like as I want to it
sure yeah
so we're now documenting Tania's first
fizzy bottle opening I would say I was a
bit like shake it up my own style
okay so just realize that never actually
finished my log so I thought I would
just say night-night you'll I am going
to bed now we had an awesome day but
hopefully I'll be vlogging tomorrow what
I will be vlogging - why
but I do see more of toner and gym
tomorrow we had a really fun night and
I'm just getting into bed this is my bed
at Tanya run James and Mike is in the
bathroom so he doesn't get to say
goodnight but I will see you all
tomorrow
haha
