hi everyone it is vlogmas or vlog day 8
and the monster is not very well so I
have taken control of the video camera
my best go see what she's up to
that's all Wolfie up at the top of the
stairs been a hoot again what have you
got have you got my shoe now have you
got my shoe what the monster also how
cool this thing I'm going to announce
it's pretty cool I got little spike at
present coolest thing ever
but football hooligan now a moment ago
she was out of bed now she is back in
bed with all the computer things
wolfies cuddling na oh dear holy little
Fleur de force indeed was it that was
meant to be a nod yeah there we go but
more sensible got it those little kitty
cats up to where are you little monsters
Wolfie has one of my shoes I'll be
taking that back rank yep so what have
you been doing today then apart from
Vanille tiny tower
very silly which I blame Ingrid and Luke
for this because when I was in LA they
said it was so good but then I was like
I'd kind of don't believe them like it
looks a bit rubbish but actually I don't
think it's big
I showed Mike I was like please try it
are you waiting so if you guys you guys
like Tiny Tower then write in the
comments below
to tell Mike what's the game I'm just
still good keep your fans happy what's
my look no I don't think that's probably
remember what it is got to remember what
the app is pretty cool now very boring
but my favourite app at the moment is
actually its MX mayhem that is my
favourite thing at the moment that's
pretty cool I like that and then what
else have I done I wore today I worked
came back better more work then I
watched a couple of cool videos on
YouTube I watched Danny Mac's kill he's
pretty awesome so we watched him and
there is he's a biking and at the same
time
no believe me that works a monster this
dog is the naughtiest dog Oh what was
the other video I watched I watched the
making of orange bikes and who I was
making of an orange bike like a pushpot
company and Halifax called orange I'm a
really cool really cool or what's that
and that was presented by Guy Martin who
is pretty old he is a Mentalist
that was cool watching him presenting
some stuff you quite like I'm locked in
that funny guy yes he's kind of crazy
he's like a caricature of a person he's
awesome he's proper old-school man and
mensis very funny so I watch that which
is pretty cool and then Whoopi and then
looked after sit melt in bed medicine
she's like oh yeah Marc you're driving
Fleur screaming yeah like always pretty
much most the time with film you're
actually driving really good normally I
obviously would never drive over the
speed limits whatsoever
very safe rather hey you do drive fast
you do but most of the time when I'm
filming
don't drive fast because you're
concentrating on talking lest a little
mouthy hurry up World War three will
break out oh oh there we go there's the
monster it that would be be nice come on
snag don't get too long they're still
friends hey they're getting better
oh poor little me are you saying hello
to the camera Missy they purr a lot
they're like little trains these guys
are proper little pose dear well that is
the end of flogged or vlogmas what is it
because I keep no I'm saying vlog must
not sell it to me vlog --mess they ate
it and we will see you tomorrow for a
fun road trip
say goodbye world
