hey guys it's logged a 7 and today I am
in the car again I've got my little bear
hat on which I've had for like maybe
three years now and I kind of totally
forgot that I got it and I work today
because it actually goes with my jumper
yeah but I today I'm actually going to
see another youtuber for lunch which I'm
very excited about I'm going to meet
Louise from sprinkleofglitter and her
little baby girl Darcy and I'm very very
excited but I stayed at my parents last
night so I've got to drive home to drop
this little monster off little monster
what are you doing today hmm
yeah so I've got to drop her off and
then drive from home to go and meet the
week so I've got quite a lot of driving
ahead of me and it's still pretty snowy
so a stolen Mike's car haha because my
car's not regular so and his car is very
good at the snow so I am off to see the
bees and I will definitely try and vlog
with her and show you baby glitter
because her baby is the cutest baby in
the whole world literally adorable
adorable and I've got a little present
for as well so I am really excited about
today and I will see you in a while
crocodile
so I am here where
yes very good sir
cutest baby in the whole world
she knows camera she does it round with
having the most amazing dessert it's so
sugary actually hurts my teeth it like
train a good way but it's just the
cinnamon waffle crunch from Frankie
menace but yes and get hit alive
basically Louise is probably one of the
funniest beauty girls on YouTube but if
you haven't seen her videos she like I
do something about this I don't know
whether it's having baby glitter in
there and then who's always doing good
things like shoutings and but we both
wanna know more so we're celebrating our
little fixture it to them it was perfect
if you guys knew last week I've loved
about the Marie Claire Awards and
weenies actually got highly commended so
together we we won really hot so yeah
we're just chillin in Pioneer monies and
I guess that's pretty much it I might
actually hit boots afterwards I don't
know
so it might go my the people of my I
won't name interesting people in my life
this kill is full of crazy stories like
you know when you meet somebody in and
it's just telling me about some people
that she knows I just don't I don't know
anyone I don't know anyone like that if
you're a weirdo yeah yeah I'll fit you
in
this whole week she's my baby
you can borrow her know just like men
falling out of boots
she was she like so we're now in boots
doing a little bit of shopping we was
here and she's just discovered that you
can blog has popped my iPhone video
cherry have I the reason realize you
could film on on an iPhone so this
vlogging dimension is is brand-new we're
so cool but basically we've been
collecting things as we go around and
putting them in the buggy which isn't
quite stealing shop I'm not shortly
thing we're gonna pay for it but we're
just keeping it in here instead of
getting a basket shots
I think the Huskies shop listing right
now starting at a young age
fake nails I think she's been going for
the old idea ranches economic you know
what it's really hard thing about
and the dignity with nails
good bills so I said fine we can get
some very fast French sensibly 600
sensibly chic sensible for a Milan month
old anyway
we are currently choosing a toothbrush
for Mike because the toothbrushes are
half price
so we have yeah Louis thinks he should
get this one however I think he may be a
little bit big for that one and I think
that's the kiddie size he would like the
pink though so basically they're all the
same price and I'll tell you what I
think the white one this is clean
because he's got yellows which is what
you look for in ten minutes I'm white
and also removes more plaque and the
regular manual toothbrush like but
surely don't doesn't know what the other
one says removes more that surrounds
each tooth which this one doesn't but
you could ask him to press harder just
like to like get his gums yes right if
that's what a real dentist told me won't
I think I'm gonna go for the white flag
this is that heavy fine I'm gonna go for
this one for Mike because it's white
plus clean because he's got yellow teeth
though he doesn't really buy them again
I don't I think we're running out of
space we were gonna buy these which are
if you guys haven't seen this what are
they actually called Beauty fixation
yeah you break the top and then they
come out with nail polish touch up in a
little cotton bud thing and we were
going to buy them for $4.99 and then
Louise spots it in the bargain aisle
that they were two pounds and then a
basket so yeah let's put these in here
also we frowned upon what else can we
find in here
anything the cold aisle I think I might
need something fun and I'm getting a
sniffle sniffle for the shakes we just
ate our cinnamon waffles and they've
given us both the shakes really bad like
really bad we feel a bit crazy what else
is in the bargain aisle falling over
what else is in in the bargain Isles
lantern what maker is eye candy oh these
are really good that's good five as you
never tried mr. mascara ones
yeah is citrus your after hey guys so
since lunch a really small sniffle has
seemed to have turned into a full-blown
cold in the space of about three hours
so I feel really rubbish I've still got
my bear hat on he is persisting to stay
on my head throughout the day and I'm
just saying on the sofa Mike's here
working as usual in the evenings he
always works for me
but we're watching a bit Paul on TV I
actually just finished watching Katy
Piper's the science of seeing again if
you guys don't know who she is
I'm pretty sure most people in the UK
would know she is because she's made
some absolutely amazing documentaries
but if you don't I would really
recommend going and checking out some of
her documentaries she's got a really
inspiring story and I am a big big fan
of her so it was amazing to see that and
some of the stuff that her surgeons have
done fur is just incredible so it was
very very interesting to watch that
we're just sitting here now with the
fire as the fire burning away there is a
procedure hello and where's my lamps at
one there is my yucky yucky lenses which
I'm about to drink am i oh sorry I don't
want to drink it but I know it'll make
me feel better
so that's pretty much it for today I'm
just
reading and responding to some comments
on my new video that I uploaded which is
a makeup tutorial for Valentine's Day so
make sure you guys go and check that out
if you haven't seen it already and I'm
gonna get back to applying to some of
your comments so I hope you guys all had
a great day tomorrow is probably gonna
be an awful vlog because if I'm ill then
it's not gonna be very exciting maybe I
should get my camera to Mike and see
what happens
what do you think about that yeah so
I'll see you guys tomorrow
you having a boogie music Shh
