you ready hi everyone and welcome to
flog day 6 today I have a very special
guest with me if you guys haven't seen
my mum for in some of my vlog videos
this is my mom who's a little bit
nervous about doing this on um we're
just a little bit but if you guys follow
me on Twitter or Facebook you might see
in last night that I posted about are
asking my mum some questions and if
you're really really annoying noises in
the background it's Mike making toast
with Nutella win that tournament anyway
so I have a lot of questions here for
you mom and you're not allowed to look
at them they're secret questions so I
can't read from this so to start off
with I'm gonna get right to the bottom
this is a funny one Emily ty asked what
do you usually order at Starbucks random
ones are both scoffing yeah obviously
cost any lasting but you have no nothing
they sort of funny ones that I can ever
remember with decaf I don't have deep
that someone cut you to do I have with
shots of things no guys I have like chai
latte that's it yeah yeah come on sizing
it once like you wore okay Rosalie
Lacroix asks what does it like having a
daughter who is a youtube makeup she
said guru binary like that time makeup
girl and blogger oh yeah great I love it
yeah to the point of being a little bit
of a stalker my momma she watches every
single one and then she'll bring up
below
I've just seen this video like five
minutes after I put it up and like mum
yeah oh yeah I love that you watch them
but you your very own angle blogs vlogs
from yeah this is gonna be a vlog that's
good yeah I do I just do you liked it
when I was in LA yeah that's good I kept
those getting updates of like oh I'd
like Joey like Oh
having fun okay Ruby lion Rogers asks
Earl Grey or English breakfast or
English breakfast yeah I like Earl Grey
actually PGH Oh Sara Armstrong actually
there's a lot of questions of why did
you name me Fleur and then Sarah
Armstrong was asked did you have any
other names picked out what we did but I
always liked Fleur and my friend had his
regard called Fleur and I thought I
can't touch you choose the same name so
I saw her the day before I went into
hospital and she said what are you gonna
call the baby and I said it's flat well
no I was in the corner Georgia Georgia
and I didn't call me Georgia because I
liked her a lot better and but I really
like Fleur but I can't call her Flo
because of your flange he said on my
Floyd be honored and so when I had the
baby the first first big head flowers we
got was to flow with lots of love from
blood yeah did you have not have any
other names not really
oh it's probably got bored of thinking
about me much and I was showing it oh if
I was a boy did you know well no so
we've got I was gonna be charlie a
busboy yeah okay Alice O'Brien asked
what was fuller like as a baby and
photos question mark exclamation mark
and we actually do have a few photos in
fda's she was absolutely beautiful very
well-behaved shall I show authority to
firown' me I was as a baby I was quite
happy was mine you were very smiley this
is what I look like as a baby I think I
was quite cute actually and that bear is
Harrods bear isn't it yeah I didn't know
I didn't know you used to have a hat and
a scarf because he's still around if you
guys don't know every year Haaretz do
they're like Christmas bear and this was
the bear from the year I was born
it says the the year on LeFort and this
was like my teddy bear that I had for
ages and ages I don't know where he is
now probably
take some less nobody used to have a hat
the next one what was I like at this age
it's still really cute you hadn't
developed the frown right yeah I had
like this frown and you have to kill me
I don't think it's a mystery I don't
think that some I don't have a frown
example by Easter frown when I was um
probably like five or so look at this
one I had the most horrendous haircut
mum how could you do that how could you
do that to me pick my haircut it's the
world's biggest really nice job look at
that one that's so cute that's cute
I was quite cute and I see the
development of the frown massive smile
and this was I must have been about apes
here snow listen I think probably six
the classic school photo so that's what
I was like when I was baby for you it's
like going through the embarrassing baby
photos with your boyfriend but with
however many thousand people we're gonna
crush this video nice I did get to veto
the UM the the pictures yes okay why was
I asked what's your favorite ever thing
about her not just your favorite anyone
ever forever her enthusiasm she's
incredibly enthusiastic I mean I don't
know really
Susie astok or really not enthusiastic I
come one or the other
she's totally honest to a point of being
quite that's what Phil said when I did a
video in film he was like what's the
worst thing and and the best thing he
said there's both my honesty because I'm
sometimes so brutal yeah cuz 23 honest
boys know all right we're saying Oh what
does this looks like close a hit you so
much oh my god that's why
my babies today okay Monica Gerges asks
was flirting to make up as a little girl
definite you weren't really particularly
no I wasn't really anything you'd really
let me wear any makeup solos I mean I
probably before first started this I
probably got four or five pieces and
makeup in my bag and that was about it
that's another little thing that people
have been asking those is like are you
into makeup yeah no I like I like creams
but I'm not very good I mean it just
basics I never go out without mascara
because I look a bit like Miss Piggy in
your likeness one ahmed abbas asks can
you cook middle-eastern food
I'd love to cook middle-eastern food
yeah what is mums actually really really
good cook but you we I don't really know
what like a classically Middle East and
didn't ever be I don't send us some
recipes if you guys are from the Middle
East or know about Middle Eastern
cuisine and tell us what you think we
should cook and we'll try it yeah cuz
the mums a really good cook you cook
lots of kind of interesting stuff they
don't a gene types sort of lamb
slow-cooked with couscous and five
vegetables and things but I don't know
if that's it's not like Moroccan yeah
that's broccoli but I don't know
classical Middle East I've been there be
interesting I bet it's delicious
Janine Vera kington asks disasters I
tossed with a little girl do you
remember any disasters it wasn't so much
meat my brother and my sister were
they're both older and they're both very
close in age so I think together they
used to cause a lot of issues didn't
they I think owls were so bad that it
sort of overshadowed girls really did
cetera I was quite well behaved and
covered his sister's hair cousin oh yeah
he he covered one of our cousin's hair a
Mac or which is now feet hair removal
cream yeah I don't know how he got ahold
of it it was in like it was in my
bathroom and I went upstairs and I smelt
her hair didn't fall out my ma shouted
and I smelt the smell
where is that coming from I ran upstairs
and Jinna - well hair was covered in oh
she's so lucky she didn't lynnae's
straighten the bob Emily from Twitter
asks how about asking your mom what her
funniest memory she has of you growing
up this funniest so we've had lots of
funny ones
what's your funniest what of me growing
up yeah what was a funny one was a
bloody duck yeah pretty bad when I was
little because my brother used to teach
me bad words within me and I thought it
was hilarious yeah I was five years
older and it was it was say so what was
the story with the bloody duck well we
had some we were on holiday and some
friends came on - are you crying I know
this son is at this down is the the
light coming from outside we're facing a
window which is completely covered in
snow and the brightness carry on would
be bloodied up that's ready right anyway
yes it's very very straight old lady you
as Welsh and really very sweet and she
was my mother-in-law's sister so I
suppose she was my kind of aunt-in-law
whose heart of and she said oh she came
in flood got this this duck in the pool
and they said oh what's your duck called
and the duck kept turning over so she's
called the bloody duck she was about
three that's bad and there's another one
about the school oh my goodness your
book at school Oh
Pam I tell ya have it range it's always
not really because that's what then
that's what the books cool but the first
she was four years old and the first it
does look like I'm crying but remembers
well at all this language came from my
brother not from mum you didn't like
teach me - no no no no it was it was
definitely her brother and she we went
to her first parents evening see I was
just getting on a primary school four
years old and the teacher said it's the
funny thing I've been using these books
for so long nobody's ever
ever said this before she said she was
reading a book called uncle dick and she
said what's a silly name for a book and
the teacher said well why is that silly
but you know what dick is know you were
for you awful and actually it could have
been five but no how about much trouble
did our game oh we just well the teacher
and flowers father I can stop laughing
so actually I don't think he got into
trouble but I think it did actually go
down in the history about frying our
skills there's a one-off nobody's ever
said that before okay this is a funny
one Barbara mosey no asks what kind of
music did she listen to as a teenager
did she have any note sorry does she
have any specific style like punk rocker
and what's her favorite thing to cook
and make for dinner and she sends you
warm greetings from Slovenia oh it was
Hansen was a big big when I was like
young teens I'm destiny I know it's
Taylor Swift when I moved here when I
was like 16 I was into like every
Monique on it yeah Emer sort of a bit
bit of a gothic coming through I wasn't
God which is a bit this always block no
I mean the faith yeah but she loves to
cook sushi she loves to eat sushi and I
see in general oh you're gonna like this
one
Lisa Morgan Rees asks how did she and
your dad meet and how long before you
got married she looks so young really
good books why now I live next door to
him which is really strange
yeah just drive around the corner in his
car so it wasn't so I think he was just
saying you're better you going out for
quite a long time for yeah and I'm like
you were kind of we met when I was very
young at school when I used to go down
to the school bus eating my toast and he
was driving Scott works a little older
and we got married when I was 22 and so
I was quite young getting worried and
quite young having the guys but it's
good because actually we sort of I I
like my young man and pass the chronic
off stash here
the first word he said I just think it
was probably Terra when she was at
reckoning time I wish it was like
something cool your second word was
probably an exploitive I can't remember
when she started to speak because
actually I can't remember not speaking
she's always been very chatty again from
your cuoco asks do you see some of your
personality in flair I do
sometimes it's quite funny but flares
actually brighter demands it him said
she's and she's really more energetic I
mean I really I'm not writing but you
know I mean with what you do with your
face looking thing with my attach to the
computer the whole time
okay Lisa Nielsen asks is she watching
one of your videos on YouTube yeah how
would he describe her in three words a
blogger I mean I'm a stalker story I
still have lupus I'm talking stole
campus um three words she's fabulous
waiting the bad words really annoying
obsessive I think yeah yeah that's a
good one is that fatty yeah oh yeah
Sarah I was sacked asked have you ever
thought about being an interior designer
your house is done oh that's very sweet
I'm an really obsessional about bargains
and auctions and antique fairs you
collect like random I do I buy so awful
she goes to these auctions and instead
of buying one nice thing she'll buy like
10 things for five pounds only and he
comes back with all this junk yeah but
sometimes I have some fun I find really
good stuff but you do end up buying
but it is fun but I keep everybody
entertained Kissin okay it should pick a
final question come in last question
Oh someone says Jesse Labonte I think
says I don't have a question but I want
to let you know that you have a very
beautiful home and family
oh thank you it's quite where that
people know okay Melissa Hensley so what
is she most proud of before um I'm proud
of everything I was really proud of you
when you were at school and at the
University and I'm really proud of our
than getting on with YouTube that's
great two months well and he got
actually I remember when I was like 16
and I was doing oh no because maybe a
bit 17 I was doing my a-levels and I was
on the phone to moment cuz I did physic
something could go very well there I
found it really hard and I remember
bringing you one day and just being like
ah so hard is technology
um and I was like I just want you to be
proud of me again and it might want to
get an AC you'll be proud of me and
won't be like wow I was kind of like
you'd be proud of me anyway would you
say she is doing this yeah mums just
like I couldn't even read half the
questions but no you're not very you're
proud of kind of everything aren't you I
think actually it's to have a dream is
fantastic well it looks like she's
crying she's just getting a bit
emotional no it's about you tell me
camera and see the snail to do what you
want to do to actually have a dream will
follow and to actually believe in
yourself is great and I think that's
what you do isn't it you believe that
you can do something you can do it's
cool but yeah that's it I thank you for
the questions Thank You Ingrid yeah
thank you say guys a link in Japanese
yeah
when I came back mom was like oh I think
they should all come stay yeah so I will
see you guys all tomorrow for frog day 7
and thanks to everybody who asked
questions you might see my mom again
sometime soon she might be crying again
to be honest nobody who wants her in a
video if she sits there sit me in front
of a window covered in snow eyeing an
industry amazing
