good morning guys welcome to vlogmas day
18 so today it is the moving of the
night before my can i my kiss washing
i'm gonna be drying in a second tried it
out for a jingle
so yeah we had fun last night I didn't I
didn't really look much extended up
being so busy ended up just like running
around catching up with everybody and
getting everyone drinks etc so yeah
today is another day today big time Mike
is very excited cries look at these
amazing sprayed I don't even know what
they are plants leaves rose gold
metallic sprayed twig things that my mom
brought me last night they're to go in
the mantelpiece but I don't really want
to put them there I want to keep them
like this because they're so pretty this
is the first time I've ever seen a real
Robin can you see it
what are you laughing at what happens
when you don't have YouTube friends who
have real world friend so guys what
better way to spend a Sunday before
Christmas
then with your friends eating cheese Oh
leftover amazing cheese and watching a
home alone marathon yes sir we are home
alone one is down we're now moving onto
home alone to which is a New York one
listy never has seen home alone two
we are in for a treat she you are mate
you are in for a serious treat I think
this is the best one I do you just had
some cheese Missy just went into the
kitchen and made herself a cheese
croissant didn't ask anyone else if they
wanted any and so era era yeah baby
according to Mike this is how proper
people do let go I gave him this Lego
set of his birthday three months ago and
he's now building it because he's
actually five piglet is not sure what's
going on she's like is he crazy yes
piglet
he is crazy nope Sunday night pamper
with a scary-looking face mask on right
now this is the pharmacy coconut
moisturizing mask looks really really
sexy is there a cat behind me on that
chair no there growly she looks so regal
I bought these chairs at auction if you
guys remember that day where I was
buying loads and stuff online these were
the chairs that I got and they were a
real bargain and I love them we're
currently watching hook which is one of
my all-time childhood favorites Mike has
resorted to bringing an extra lamp in
for extra light what ages have you got
going on there oh my
you actually have an engine is Lego
doesn't need an engine
so that's how far have you got Oh ha how
many hours is this taken so far like
three Mike was like it's gonna take me
half an hour
look all the pieces he still has love
holy moly
let me see that please stop the clock
how many hours so that is pretty
impressive nice work MDF are you happy
to have your dream car finally it's not
good enough it's closed pretty good it's
actually very very cool very cool MDF we
are getting in to hook which I forgot
how much I loved this movie it's so so
good so good it's one of my favorites
when I was a kid and I haven't watched
it in like probably 10 15 years it's so
good oh my god what is Paltrow never
realize that when if Paltrow played
Wendy who knew I've just got into bed
after actually it's officially the best
Sunday before Christmas ever because we
watched about five and just chilled out
total like sloppy Sunday by the fire I'm
gonna fire all day and it was just
absolutely amazing I loved it and Kelly
stayed till about 6:30 as well and then
everybody kind of left gradually like
throughout the day so like the guys
stayed till lunchtime everyone say to
lunchtime and then let everyone left
flash me it's just really awesome I had
a really good time my eyes are red cuz I
fell asleep watching last film but yeah
I'll see you guys in the morning and
it's a week till Christmas exactly what
you did with us today so I feel like
tomorrow is that bit closer
nearly there so excited see you guys
