it's a snow day what day is it
no what is it
it's frog day it's snowy we're just
waiting for um my dad and my brother
which are in the car behind us because
we have my scary face
they are this is what the road looks
like around my parents house so yeah
quite a bit of snow has fallen since
last night we're just on our way over to
Matt's house you might remember from
Thomas and we are going to do some
naughty fun things in the fields around
fields
what are we gonna be doing we're going
to be playing with cars all sorts of fun
things fun things I'm sure Matt I'm sure
that I have a sledge
I want to go sledding but I'm not really
dressed very appropriately but it's
basically I didn't realize there's gonna
be I don't know what we didn't know that
was gonna be so but I didn't really kind
of think about it before I packed oh
look he's a sledge we can feel the
little kids sledge it's like stealing
candy from a baby
Oh cute that's a bit dangerous to be
sledging in the road yeah so I didn't
really dress appropriately so I have I
do have a very thick hoodie and a scarf
but I only brought my lab jacket which
isn't the best in the snow it's really
warm so and then I have my my jeggings
which are grey warm and then I had to
borrow some wellies off my mum and I've
got two pairs of socks on because it's
extra warm so anything you have to add I
may have some fun you ready to have some
fun are you
yeah what else have more did we do last
night nice meal had a nice meal run into
my cab to pick up my granny because his
car is like 4x4 as you we plug that but
you had to take her back we did we
filmed it but you Mike had to take her
back on his own and my granny's really
funny so and you were gone for ages
actually yeah
look there's dogs and stuff in the road
complaisant sledging in the road
not the best place to go sledging I
don't know but we're gonna see what
happens and that I will see you later
I wish this is happening around
Christmas yeah oh my god there's a
snowman in the road he's definitely
gonna get home can you get driven over
later down okay so this is what Mike
actually does for fun I don't get it so
terrifying
I don't want to stand outside you guys
might run me over probably third time
break off don't don't put them back on
us all of us not but first here we go
further force learning to drift no in
second that's it okay right now I want
you to turn turn the power power power
four five five five five five four okay
now turn the other way the other way
turn that power power power power power
pop up that's it turn the other one
cuckoo assisted with Fleur de force
stalled and spun you know okay turn back
around again it's fast time break finger
you're filming like the steering is not
I wasn't okay right
and second watch out for those become
another way
no no your hey hey you go
remember you got those things coming
from the villa track of theirs if you
left
yeah keep it down - get down - get down
the gate down again
enjoy your missus what are you up to
Slendy sledding Matt's dialogues
planning element I'm not going on this
how's that voice chilly Joe you're on
now
