hi guys its flow day for
Oh
oh sorry about that and I'm filming on
my iphone today because that's my
camera's out battery and Mike here is in
a little bit of a stress because he
wants to leave and go and watch the
rugby haha watching a win but look what
I found in his car when he was in it
okay I've been eating them all wine gums
no I want the red one please ain't like
out he ain't the red one Enki well today
it is Saturday and we are going on an
adventure well not really we're going to
pick up some carpet I don't like the
black ones I hate the red one and you
try to give me a black one what a nice
boyfriend case oh I'll just turn the
camera around and Mike like what might
just gave me it's a red wine best
boyfriend ever oh sherry whoops here
Karen chosen her new BFF yesterday or
two BFFs and we're basically going
pepper she need it desperately we're
going to pick up what are we going to
pick up carpets or something one of my
transmitted from carpet which to
actually bring far away that's my office
to do things that you might and no
generally nicer check generally you're
just a nice chap to everyone apart from
me so yeah we're going to do that and
then we're heading over to my parents
house where the boys are all going to
watch the rugby I was kind of keen to go
and watch you had a pub or something so
then it would be possible girls as well
but i'm pretty sure it's going to end up
like me and my mum chatting and you guys
watching won't be voting on school I can
see my mom she's going too slow tonight
we're having I was gonna say that you've
got onto my exciting bit haha I got it
okay so what's gonna happen tonight snow
hahaha so this is also why we're going
to stay I paris tuesday hope we have
this scheme though i don't think it's
going to snow that much probably show
which is apparently it's going to snow
tonight five to 10 centimeters so as far
as I'm aware that is enough for a little
bit of sledging or tobogganing
I think Apollo rapper half article two
remotes alleging that time with that
funky so oh so P so we are going to
embark on this not so exciting adventure
but somewhat of an adventure and I will
see you all later bye goodbye goodbye
wait having said goodbye mike has just
made an incredible discovery sure oh how
many reds are there in a row I lunch
that one before that three and then I
had one before that they would have been
fine 5 Reds my gums yeah if you eat all
of that don't you dare you see all of
them and it will go dribble on them wow
Mike
london
ok guys so exciting is it snow I'm so
excited because she's nice knowing it's
snowing look we're we're on the move
right now because it looks so creepy
it's like a horror film we're on the
move right now because we're actually
going to pick my granny up because she's
coming over for dinner and we didn't
want her to drive hey because we don't
want her on the road in this weather and
because she doesn't have like a car that
is kitted out for this kind of weather
so Mike is being here 0 onwards ready oh
dude don't worry guys we know I shauna
wrote we rely on a country country pop
at the paper oh but wheel spin we will
be having the most awesome snow day
tomorrow so prepare yourselves for four
day five because it's gonna be amazing
and snowy and toboggan e and awesome and
I'm alright goodbye farewell
