hey guys says flog day three and you
guys might have noticed that frog day
two was a little bit different to my
normal vlogs we filmed that footage of
spike and we can resist putting it to
music because it was so funny so I hope
you guys enjoyed that but I am back to
normal flogging now and today we are
going to be picking woofs new best
friend now I don't know if you guys know
about whoops corner on my website
basically wolf has her own corner on my
website where you guys can upload
pictures of your cute pets and then
every month the cutest pet wins a prize
so today Libby is here
you guys might remember movies from
vlogmas that's the one in Florence and
Mike is here and we're going to be
picking whoops best friend deed
are you ready so here's the website who
are we thinking with the comment there
you go here we go whoops corner if you
guys haven't seen this section website
for make sure you head and check it out
and upload your oh you like do you like
everyone say hello with and upload the
picture of your pet so yeah we got her
we got on here
any new ones we can't have like it has
to be January ones we just click if you
click on them this shows the date Oh
January there we go so this we look
through okay what is I don't know who
might take a bit long to look like that
like oh like the ultimate cuteness thing
to do sometimes if I'm feeling a bit
grumpy I just look what they don't like
you look at this one is so good oh my
god that's the cutest thing I've ever
seen um next one he's cute we can't be
biased with the Springer Spaniels we
have to we have to do like the coolest
cutest video video picture okay wait it
doesn't really oh my god puppies puppies
I've seen one that I think willful
appreciate that maybe a bit Oh
again those guys ready keys I think I
found a potential here
oh that looks just like worth that's
like that we'll see what do you think -
that one yes do you like that one that's
in your top three top three whoopee
who's gonna be next
there might be two pages Oh cute that
looks like mouths what do you think you
should extinguish their mouths
theirs are actually a really cute one
that I saw last time I looked it's on
the beach second page oh that little
lifejacket harness I think it's like
what he's talking on it okay this
mitties there's someone coming traveling
in the night that's a nice piece there's
loads of spring is I think I think
because they like worth they like
Springer that's why they are made I
think those cushions for my next page
he's like oh and taking the the
background animation
okay page - oh my this one this one you
see this one is so cute look at this
that is going to be that is so cute
obviously like that one jeez lady by the
compartments one is really huge like any
fun Optimus optimus oh my god I can't
pick which one I like better I was the
one with the on the beach without what
healthy Oh
Alfie's cute mini I'll have to zoom in a
bit on Alfie
he's pretty sweet Oh who's this Jasper
really I know they asked means that the
photo thing Oh
who else have we got in here who's that
oh so sweet
she's there's so many Spaniards like
what's really watching she's paying a
lot of attention to what's going on
right here
she's got the biggest ears how is like
the size of her head
Kevin Mitty for the for the cats
Mickey playing in the ribbon oh look at
the Missy's down there amazing Mike's
taking over fighting little Missy's
they're proving up his prime be honest I
hate me Tom Thomas we will he's just
chosen told me no cuz you only like you
only liked him because he looks like
Whoopi it's muddy
you're being biased anything wolfies
they're like yes yeah it's being sick
she's not really being sick that's just
how the cops don't think she's gagging
at the look of him oh yeah um lives this
one of lives his dogs is potentially
gonna be with his husband she might be
having from her boyfriend but yeah
woof might be might be having puppies
later this year so her potential husband
is Rodney botany okay so I think then
we'll have it the winner is you think
these guys oh yeah okay so Libby's vote
goes for these guys yeah it's on I've
given my vote to be honest okay I think
these guys are gonna be the winners cuz
no one is I like these guys you of its
most prominent do you think the other
two oh these guys optimist they're not
actually called Optimus Prime alert
they're called Optimus and Nala that's
so cute
okay okay oh and apparently they put in
the effort
we'll see what these resumes I think she
would be it looks they're doing
activity Oh new best runs now what
should we send them dog eat food Doki
food I think sometimes I think some kind
of ball or squeaky toy oh well I don't
send them the golf ball right so don't
forget to enter a picture of your pet if
you want to be woofs new best friend
next month and until then I will see you
all later
good bye say bye lives bag
I'm sure lives away back back in
vlogging sometime I was Peter
