hey guys it's so long time no see I
haven't vlogged in like maybe a week and
a half but some good news or bad news
depending on if you like watching my
videos or not but judging by the fact
that you're here I don't know if it
means you like them so some good news
I'm going to be vlogging every single
day throughout February I'm really
really excited to be doing it I decided
I know I've been like talking about this
phages that's probably really boring but
I decided I was kind of arming and
hiring about doing vlog year or what to
do with my vlog channel whether to kind
of do like three days a week or whatever
us but I've decided that I'm going to do
a month on and a month off of flogging
and then kind of in-between and like the
off months I'll probably do a vlog a
week or something just so it's a little
bit more manageable but I'm really
excited to be doing that I'm in London
at the moment it is the 1st of February
Oh also what I'm gonna call it I was
gonna call it a Feb flog like February
vlog or vlog URI but I thought vlogger
he kind of sounds like January February
to my friend Gemma which I was
maquillage yesterday and she came up
with fog so I'm gonna call it fog so
welcome to flog day 1 and now I get on
to what I'm doing today I'm in London I
was in London yesterday as well and I
got some amazing news which I have all
of you to thank I was nominated a couple
of weeks ago for the Marie Claire blog
and Twitter Awards and I went to the
awards yesterday and I actually won the
award for Best Beauty blog which is so
amazing and here is my little award here
in the frame which is very very exciting
for me so that was just a totally
totally awesome day and I've only got
all of you guys to thank for voting for
me and for putting me forward for it in
the first place so that was totally
totally awesome my sister's calling me
for some reason yeah I'll see you later
bye I think my sister's going swimming
with me yes I'm in London today I have a
couple of meetings and then I'm actually
meeting up with Tanja who you guys might
know Tanya burr Pixie - woo Pixy true
and going for a drink with her and then
I'm going to the screening of Chronicle
which is a new movie which has just come
out I actually did a video kind of it
wasn't really with them but it was
kind of about them in my vlogmas I think
it was like day 18 or something if you
guys want to see that you can go check
that out anyway so today that is what
I'm doing and I'm gonna take you guys
kind of with me obviously I'm not gonna
take you into meetings that'd be really
okay I'll put you on the desk and be
like so what are we talking about today
maybe not but I will see kind of what
I'm up to today and I will see you later
bye hi guys so I am just shopping and
we're just shopping Ashley in the men's
section showing that in in Liberty and
we found Jim's like corner of Liberty
that he obviously like is meant to be
here I tried to take men who everybody
said no feel like that but no I think I
would rush off again now yeah but it was
nice to see Tanya and we just we had a
coffee yeah in the Liberty cafe and we
have each other's 50 oh yeah but we're
going to organize something really soon
we're gonna both film a video together
because Rose I haven't done that we've
only ever done it once I never did it it
was really great but we never organized
to do it again okay so we're gonna do it
again sometime this month and because
I'm vlogging everyone that means you'll
see Tanya again this one so yeah I will
catch up with you guys later I'm just
gonna head off to the Chronicle
screening as well so I will catch up
right after that yeah I just got back
and I'm gonna talk quietly cause spikes
asleep upstairs
but um yeah I didn't get to film um
either at the cinemas of really loud
siren going off outside I didn't get to
film without at the cinema or we were
out to dinner because there was kind of
loud music playing in both so like you
would've been able to hear it and cause
of coffee right so I couldn't film that
but I just got back from going to see
the screening of Chronicle which was
really really awesome um
it was actually such a cool movie like
I've been excited to see it since I
heard about it because it's kind of it's
my kind of movie I think I love anything
kind of supernatural but the way it was
done was just really really cool
especially if you're into YouTube or
anything kind of documenting your life
and stuff like that then it's a very
cool movie and very very nicely done so
I really enjoyed it and I went with my
brother and sister and they both loved
it too and yeah it was really cool then
we went out for dinner and had the
largest model Rita in the whole not
margarita though hutches daiquiri in the
whole world we went to Planet Hollywood
which is so random it was really close
to this in while that we went to and it
was on the taste card if you guys know
what a squat is basically means you can
get 50% off your food film and you have
to like pay a yearly subscription fee
and you get fifty of some of a food bill
like a lot of restaurants so we did it
with the taste card and went to that so
it was kind of a weird like place to go
I don't know it seems like kind of a
touristy place to go but it was really
fun and they had these giant cocktails
on the menu me and my sister were like
yeah let's get one of those because we
wanted to get a cocktail each more like
let's just get a giant one and it came
and it was so huge so I tweeted a
picture instagrammed a picture of it
which I linked Twitter so I tweeted the
picture so if you guys haven't seen that
and go check it out because it's
literally like the size of my head but
yeah I had a really cool day it was so
nice to see you Tania and Jim actually
ended up having such a long chat with
Tania because I had seen her in ages so
that was really cool
apart from that I'm really tired I'm
gonna hit the sack now and I will see
you all tomorrow so it's like to be
vlogging every day again like the first
day seems to be a little bit like I
don't know I wish I could have filmed
more but I couldn't say it's kind of
annoying but I'm so excited to be having
you guys kind of coming around with me
again cuz it's really fun vlogging every
day and kind of like telling you what
I'm doing out in it I really like it
yes I hope you guys enjoyed flog day one
and I will see you tomorrow bye
