so guess what we are in Portugal which
it is really sunny it's not actually
that warm because it obviously is
January but I know you guys didn't know
that I was coming out here and I kind of
had to keep it quiet because basically
Mike and I and the whole of the rest of
my family came out here as a surprise
for my dad's birthday because him and my
mom who have a place out here actually
were coming for the weekend over his
birthday and we all surprised him and
met them at the airport after security
like sitting in the departure lounge
like and it was pretty cool so all the
others are sitting over there they
basically don't want to be on camera so
and spike is over there playing in the
sea good times waving Kokichi is high
speed speed waves be high B doesn't want
a wave right now so yeah we're just at
the beach and this is how beautiful it
looks right now ddong cool pretty good
how are you doing
very good playing building sandcastles
yeah and we've just been having some
lunch at the beach bar or do it so they
have a nice background maybe they can
see actually the Sun find something we
should go this way yeah so we just had a
nice lunch
yeah I had some garlic prawns which were
started it ended up being like three
prongs so I had pudding as well and you
had a chicken sandwich and I saw how to
put yourself yeah cuz he's a pig and
then all we're doing later is chilling
out we're both alike yeah my older boys
are going motorbiking tomorrow which I'm
not really happy I hate it so much
best ever
make sure your helmets very bad but yeah
well probably blood later tonight but
until then look how awesome this is
very relaxing oh and also also I have
started reading The Hunger Game as
recommended by pretty much everyone on
the planet but more specifically Joey
when I was in LA and it's actually
amazing I've almost finished the first
book in maybe see kind of nearly seen it
yeah i'm spoken about i basically
stopped reading to eat dinner and then
i'm like really really really but i'm
always finished it and it's amazing so
yeah i actually bought the whole series
in the airport because they didn't have
the first but individually for sale they
had the second book and the third book
but not the first one so i had to buy
the whole set but i'm really glad i did
because it and I'll actually go now
right I'm gonna go play with speed
Mikey's gonna play with his mini
football this is Mike size football on
the beach and I meant to feel a little
bit more
that's evening but just to give you guys
a little bit of an explanation obviously
I am back home now I didn't get to vlog
that evening or the next day or this
morning when we left because basically
the evening after I filmed that vlog on
the beach I got really poorly with the
tummy bug and spent the rest of the trip
in bed which sucks and I still feel a
little bit ropey which explains the no
makeup and kind of awful looking hair
right now
Mike's also come down with a he
requested not to be on camera so he's
turned around but we're back at home
with wolf who's trying to steal the
kittens food no one and the little kitty
cats who I realize haven't been on
camera for a while so you guys here you
guys here you go here they are they've
grown a lot so yeah we're just chillin
at home and we actually I didn't even
explain to you I thought I was going
away so I didn't even say out or Twitter
or anything but basically we came away
for my dad's birthday as a surprise
which
and without being really bad because he
actually came down with the tummy other
as well and couldn't go for the big
motocross trip that the boys had planned
for him which sucked so it was a cool
trip first couple of days but for me it
was ruined on the last day because I was
ill but we're at home now and I'm just
in the process of running bath which I
should actually go and check on I'll
take you guys upstairs with me I'm just
in the process running a bath and
painting my nails and generally just
catching up on stuff that I have been
missing for the last not even the last
few days the last like two weeks because
I've been in the States PC Ingrid oh
look here we go I can do like mera
mortgage because I've been in the
Statesmen Ingrid I basically haven't
been kind of on top of everything like
my emails and all that jazz for quite a
long time so I'm gonna have bass now
I've been like doing crazy emails and
working for the last five six hours or
whatever so why don't you guys help me
choose a platform I only have three left
and they're all the same great so I
don't actually have a choice in bad form
looks like it's gonna be cinders which
is my favorite bathroom anyway so I
don't mind but that may mean a trip to
lush sometime in the near future as well
which could be the mushrooms so you
never know but I'm gonna leave it here
guys because you've probably had enough
of seeing me looking this awful yeah so
I'm gonna get an early night probably
not even have any dinner because I still
feel really not a hundred percent but
I'll be back on vlogging for hopefully
very very soon and I will see there
