hey guys so I know in yesterday's vlog I
said you probably wouldn't see me for a
couple of days to like the end of the
week but I totally forgot that I had to
announce the winner of my la giveaway
that I was holding I put a video up
about a week ago if you guys didn't see
it the prize is this amazing wash bag
which I actually really was attempt to
get one for myself but I didn't because
I didn't need one but it's full of
goodies that you can't get in the UK or
I think in a lot of country you can't
get them but anyway without further ado
the winner is we had about 15,000
entries so it took me ages to generate a
random winner but here we go it is Jen
barn in 93 and I'll put an annotation
here in case i'm pronouncing it wrong
but congratulations i will send you a
message on the YouTube messaging system
with instructions for getting back to me
with your address and I'll send it off
to you very soon apart from that I
better go it's going to be a really
short vlog today because I am going to
my friends house for dinner who I
haven't seen since try thing when she
went she went away before Christmas so
it's been I think about she went away a
long time before Christmas actually I
think it's been like maybe four months
she was teaching in China it's one of my
best friends from school so I'm really
excited to see her so we are going off
for dinner now Mike's gonna get really
angry because he hates being late I can
hear him he started the car outside he's
like a news case he's placed pacing
around and says what do you say are you
are it's chilly Woofie statista ding at
the stuff of the stairs lip do you think
you're coming with woof do you want to
come oh well he's got to stay here
because they have some how many dogs
just have like three dogs and with gets
a bit crazy when there's too many dogs
around so she can't come for dinner but
yeah so we're off it in an hour but I
will see you all very soon still
thinking about what I'm going to blog or
vlog blog I haven't but I will let you
know it's probably going to be I'm
thinking at the moment like three times
a week or something what do you think
Mike about the UM
how often to vlog whenever you do
anything interesting you think that well
because everybody saying do vlog here
and vlog everyday but I think that's too
much as nothing else do I think you'd
lose a girlfriend you a few a week yes
that what you think words of wisdom from
downstairs you know going back out and I
will see you guys in that case if I
follow Mike whenever you're doing
anything interesting I don't know where
I'll be next thing something interesting
but I will see you soon bye
