hey guys so it's Los Angeles day 12 I
don't show any anger to see clear like
yeah so we're just we just went for
lunch with Mike sister Claire and her
boyfriend again which was really nice to
get to see them again before I go home
because obviously they live out here and
it's pretty far away from home so it was
cool to see them again and we are just
in West Hollywood isn't such a beautiful
day today
joe said it feels like all too well
first my first it's like it feels like
fall and then now it feels like spring
yeah it's like an amazingly beautiful
day so we're just getting in the car and
heading to LAX but to cheer us all up in
the car we have some macaroons because
we went to what was it called the little
door and in the little next door which
is like the keeper version of the little
door in West Hollywood for lunch which
was exciting and it's like a little
French coffee shop so we got some
macaroons and Joey's never had macaroons
before have you Joey I'm like trying to
get in the car yeah Joey's never had
macaroons so I think we should do like
macaron something on the way to the
airport can you put my seat well I need
to put my tracksuit bottoms on before I
get out of the car but I might flash
everybody okay so the macaroons and also
I didn't realize until after I'd eaten a
whole plate of muscles that muscles
probably weren't the best choice and
food to be eating before I get on and
fly so I hope I didn't get a bad muscle
otherwise I might be spending 11 hours
in the bathroom that would be so bad
okay you guys berry the raspberry okay
which one you got in red the pistachio
you have the caramel if you want a
caramel that's right you're gonna get
one kind you you you bite right in and I
just have a bite oh whoa it's like
hollow yeah
maybe I'll try I'll try oh I'm gonna try
the pistacia mmm interesting no really
good take a bite of a chocolate person
that was really good I like the caramel
mm-hmm pistachio is good too all right
I'm gonna eat and we're going to the
airport now so I'll probably see you
back in England it's gonna be a short
log today because I don't like vlogging
on the plane because it's weird it's
really awkward if you're in such play
well if you're alone as well and you're
in close proximity to other people for
11 hours and you get out a video camera
at the beginning of the flight and start
filming yourself they're instantly gonna
think you're weird and then after that
it just it just ruins it really so yeah
I will see you back in England yeah this
is goodbye to Ingrid and Joey until
until June oh wait now I'll see you in
April oh yeah you are making me show off
your okay well I will see you guys when
I go ahead oh well hey guys so I just
got home look who I found
oh I missed her so much and she's just
going crazy at the cats cuz the cats are
trying to get onto the sofa and she
doesn't like it so yeah my flight was
pretty good I actually ended up having
three seats because the plane was like
half empty so I had three seats and I
just lay across the whole thing and
slept the whole way so it was a pretty
good flight I'm really really happy to
be home I'm so sad to leave LA but it's
so nice to see Whoopi and Mike COO he's
just getting some work to make a fire
because it's pretty cold in England so
we're making a fire and we're gonna have
a nice quiet night in but I'm trying to
stay awake until at least at nine
o'clock
it's currently at the time quarter to
five and I'm not doing very well so I'm
feeling very very tired right now but
I'm just gonna have a cuddle with Whoopi
and yeah I just have a pretty chilled
evening I was gonna say to all you guys
as well about vlogging and I know I've
got a lot of requests to actually start
doing vlog here and I really love
vlogging every day but I really don't
think it's something that I can do for a
whole year so I'm gonna try and work out
kind of a format for flogging in the
week so I was thinking about maybe doing
weekdays or like three days a week
alternate days in the week something
like that so if anyone has any ideas and
definitely let me know because it will
definitely be sad to say goodbye to you
guys I'm definitely gonna keep on doing
vlogging on a regular basis but I just
need to find out what kind of setup I'm
gonna do here he is hello are you happy
to see me did you miss me how rude are
you making fire yes my dear
oh god I'm zooming in right on my face
okay let me know what you guys think but
for now I'm gonna say goodbye bye we'll
be back very soon probably the end of
this week I'll be vlogging again but
yeah I need to have a think about what I
want to do because I miss you guys what
I don't blog so I definitely want to
vlog a lot until then I will see you
very soon
why what would be
