hi guys so it's Los Angeles day 11 is it
your last day uh tomorrow's my last day
oh I think it's day 11 but with this
because it's day 10
I don't know it's day 11 and today I am
joined by my new friend hi there I'm
American so so far and we are going to
be doing some makeup today because we're
going out for dinner tonight
and Joey decided that he wanted to use
his expert makeup skills right and do my
makeup so um take it away okay it wasn't
is can you wait for now I can open it
just give me a second oh okay I'll take
one of my favorite brushes of all time
this one is the Sigma brush here it is
girls as you can see there's like a lot
of bristles which is really good so what
you want to do is you want to brush the
brush onto the palette and you just want
to get a lot of well that's good it's
always good to get on your teeth that's
good to taste your makeup to know and
you just want to like get along there
real good you actually want to UM go in
this motion and just like you want to
like push down really hard to get it
you're like good in it no it doesn't
even have it's really good and then just
to make it look like you're not dead and
you definitely don't want to have like
your neck be like different so oh let me
take my scarf oh yeah
if you have a scarf on top willing to
definitely take it off for the
application process right okay so you
wanna make a line oh yeah this is a new
design you technique it's like hidden
secret so that you look extra sexy and
then just a little actually Laughlin
shylock it's like a blush bit exactly so
what do you do that
no well just go up it may be a little
it's like if it's winter out you want
people to think that even outside so I
tried to stick away from the darker
colors just because it's it's winter
right now and you want to be bright and
happy right yep so you want to like stay
away from the darker color so on the
gold one will work now this is this is
really good for like um huh well stay
good for pressing it again up my nice Oh
above my leg you really you really just
want that to Sparkle next if I thought
runny nose like a very mustache it's
like that's the kind of a shot
yes and then you just wanna like oh yeah
I think you maybe even go darker with
that bit darker because it matches the
eyebrows oh I've never even thought
about that that's actually just the
first coat it's just a happy gold the
gold underneath right and then just like
probably just like add like a little bit
of layers and then maybe just like just
till you want to like wing it off
it's like called the wing look it's
really popular now in a lot of countries
my favorite palette of them all is the
naked one and make it what about the 88
one I thought that was your favorite
oh this one the 8ee but there's so many
colors to choose from this is one of my
favorite brushes of all
one sec as you can see yeah all right
so I really like to go with like the
blue really good so you just want to
like mix it around I'm laying it for
this this is eye shadow that goes on the
eye so you want to start with blue in
the crease right here
um what that's so it's gonna go from a
dark blue to a little bit of a light yep
yeah oh that's actually not light enough
okay and so we're going for a tropical
look because it's winter and we're gonna
go with like a nice hot pink for the
outer edge enjoy so you're enjoying a
little ready you can see the
transformation yes it looks really good
um you can tell like you are probably
gonna go to Hawaii or something right
yeah okay what about the other eye the
other eye that's different you want to
get with the same no absolutely not
you want to go on we'll start with
probably lime green towards the center
Oh beautiful of the eyelid
um it's weird like this isn't very
pigmented as much as I'd like it to be
yeah I feel like um Mac has much better
pigmentation we'll go with a darker
green like how we did with the blue
yeah it's cute and we're gonna go with
some pink because it matches that's bad
no it's it'll come out pink okay we're
not going that on my eyebrow oh no we
have something else for the otic it's
like watermelon meets blueberry and
grapes
okay so sound fun so summer fun this is
the called the summer fun look in winter
um I say we go for a purple for the
eyebrows yeah open eyebrows another one
of my
this is one of the choices tape secret
hits yeah and it just like it blends
really well with the eyeshadow um let's
welcome for a darker purple this
midnight purple is what I like to call
it yeah cuz at midnight it really pops
and this is like really good you're like
going out with what what you laughing at
me no it just looks so good uh if you're
going out if you're going out for the
night and you just want to look your
best
it's perfect for that oh this is Chanel
oh my gosh oh it's really cool because
it's like you pop it out okay so let's
get those lips going I like to go for
more natural looks so you want to go
above the lip line because you want your
lips look really full right mmm that's
that's really good special technique
before I really I can't
I'm not them okay okay and you want to
extend along the sides too so yeah it's
really good to give you action best
smile eyeliner is really good because
you can use it for a lot of things not
just your eye lines so it's really clear
eyeline no you can do use it on your
lips inside yeah um yeah keep your mouth
closed
wait you ruined it okay um you wanna get
it to look really good so you want
really full looking lips and the lip
liner eyeliner that just the lips really
accentuates it and then with the rest
oh wow that looks amazing yeah I know I
usually like to fill in the rest of the
lips with um another color with
eyeshadow because eyeshadow has multi
purposes I feel like they shouldn't call
it eye they should call it like
everything shadow everything shadow
everything just shadow shadow go for
more of a bright pink okay because it's
like the shadow of the red and you just
want to get it in there fill on the rest
of the lines that it wasn't filled in
yeah it's really good how like um the
car look which is really popular right
now no this is this is tropical summer
look oh so in winter okay and then I
think we should probably get a little
bit of blue accent here and here
just like dots polka dots
it's like finds no polka dots okay that
looks really good
bronzer bronzer is really good
especially since it's the winter and
we're going for this summery look in
winter okay
oh my gosh you have one of these brushes
I've been looking everywhere what is
this called again foundation the
foundation brush they're really hard to
find so if you want to like look a
little darker what's this product using
oh this is NARS NARS bronzing um
application and you want to really get
under those eyes oh yeah
cuz you don't want to look like you're
tired all the time so you just want to
cover up those bags and bronzer is a
really good one because it really like
takes away from the tiredness so if you
just add a lot of bronzer people will be
like oh my god like she's so happy and
away in a way right and she's like ready
to go to the beach eyeliner eyeliner
look a little bit better because you did
a really crappy job you want to get the
eyeliner on really thick you want to
kick it on those in the beauty world
they say cake
I think caking is like under
underestimated of the power it can have
it's like who wouldn't want to see girl
who looks like cake you want to go fill
it the cat look there's a lot of people
out there who like cats and like if you
look like a cat you'll probably attract
a lot more people oh it looks really
good and you want to get like in the
nostril in the hospital too because you
want you want it to look define okay so
that's defined I think that looks really
good what else have we missed
Oh your forehead looks really dead so we
want to like add some dots just all
around like there's really no right way
to do it but there is a wrong way to do
it you definitely don't want to make the
dots too big because one of you just
make it look natural right people might
get the wrong idea you think that you're
like a
the only thing looks like the shadow is
it's not really definable so again this
is not pigmented so you want to like
accent the outer corners this is the new
look of 2012 I want too much so we just
want to add a little bit of dots and
then you want people to know that you're
happy so on this I do you want to like
have smiley faces just so people yeah oh
do you want to go for the vampire look
be that it's really good the kid okay I
think we're good yet
oh he does that's it okay so you look so
good thank you Stewie okay guys so we're
gonna go out for did it out but if you'd
like to see Joey doing more makeup he
actually has his own channel on YouTube
he's a professional makeup artist and
yeah he does this for a living so I'll
link his channel like right now I'm
taking requests to like if you guys um
if you want to like buy my services so
we're gonna go out we're actually going
to a really nice restaurant for dinner
tonight so with Ingrid and I think
Ingres gonna love this look I think she
I don't like I think I think you know we
want you to do it what see you all
tomorrow for my last day in LA which I'm
very sad but hopefully I'm gonna leave
the Santa hope there yes I might still
be wearing it tomorrow yeah so if you
guys also want to watch us oh I forgot
about that yeah I'm not so excited by
the amazing makeup we just did we just
did a video on Joey's channel where I
speak in an American accent Joey speaks
in an English accent oh God
we did the accent tag as well kind of
mix it up and just went
with the accent thing so go and check
that out I'll have a link somewhere
around this video like over Joey's face
because he doesn't have this makeup on
so he just looks ugly right now so yeah
I'll see you tomorrow guys bye
