hey guys so it's vogue angeles day 10
and today we are renting some bikes
we're still on Catalina but the bikes
renting I'm actually a tandem bike so I
think me and Joey are teaming up and
having a race with Ingrid and Luke who
are still discussing the rental over
there like I don't know whether they
want helmets or you've got a helmet on
already
maybe but yeah should we get helmets I
think we need it I think we should
probably get it should we ask the guys
okay let's get helmets okay so we were
just filming an outfit of the day for
ingress channel and this deer comes up
and just like chills in the background
and he came so close now he's a bit
further away but look how cute he is I
want to get his ear with him he has the
cutest ears you've ever seen like in the
history of the world hi
hello oh he's really cute he has a lot
of ears and we're about to I need to
zoom out and we're about to get back on
the tandem bike Joe is just chilling out
on the bikes what he fell over he does
he's on like a bit of a steep slope but
the boys a bit like I like doing single
tandem riding Ingrid and I decided that
it's scary it's a bit heavy for you
link started strong enough man so this
is the lovers Cove where we just filmed
Ingrid's outfit every day so make sure
you go and check out her channel that'll
be up in a couple of days for the sister
view it's not sunny today but it's still
beautiful so I don't know where we're
gonna go now we should go yeah on the
bikes
there's some serious hills so I'm
relying on Joey to do all of the
pedaling up those hills so I think we'll
see where the day takes up okay so we're
about to go home we have like an hour
left for wings but being super touristy
in the tourist shop right now we're
Mounties
shake the holes one is actually so look
at how cute this is like I seriously
could you get any cuter than that no
this sounds like the mummy this is you
know with the show it's like there's a
soft shell it's a good soft shell crab
tasty and Ingrid's good Ingrid is gonna
buy this month
for this one to take the high road
Mike why I like these these shot glasses
yeah Mike our teachers are jumpers oh
yeah what are you heart
I like these and oh my god are you
really yeah that happens ain't it yeah
my sister used to do this on photo
frames you know you get like the plain
glass photo frames anything like paper
okay so we're gonna go and eat some
oysters Oh
circulate stroke him okay I don't think
he likes us I try we're gonna go neat
oysters now you can eat us just how many
gonna get I think we have 12 yeah
because we need a lot of you're so fat
and we just yeah okay so we're just in a
seafood restaurant now and Ingrid and I
order a dozen oysters which Joey is like
loving and it's gonna try Jerry's a bit
of a fussy eater so I didn't come right
you going to try one loose good morning
try yeah
raw fish like a very fresh raw fish it
scares me it's good but it scares me
because it's kind of like diving in a
little bit to the unknown because I
don't and just look at him
I mean they're not like that's a good
look that does not mean it does not look
like Kate are you gonna buy one on
camera
is not Cape this is you biscuit
I mean first can you tell me how to eat
them okay so what you want to do we
think about to go actually should we ask
assume that do you like spicy fun so
first of all likes a little bit of lemon
in them Avery is doing the damage all
round them do it doing that did you say
dama huh you said doing the
demonstration yeah you owe me yes 17
Luke is immediate to go for those potato
fry a crazy on you so what are we got in
there
it looks like ketchup it looks like
cocktails yeah it's not fair
yeah as long as there's not catch others
so you want to then put a little bit of
the sauce on now they're still alive
right yeah so you don't have to bite
them you give me this little guy okay
okay so then you also want to use the
fork just to like unhinge the oyster on
its shell what is it it's still a lot
you try it
these are all still alive right now I
never know what this it was I mean I
don't consider them anyways that or
anything
I don't think it was Friday
what is it that's not what ravish that's
this is the horseradish a little bit
spice it's fine we can go yeah then
let's leave that and then just jiggle
the oyster around then the shell just
figure onion juice and it doesn't get
like stuck I think it weighs - this is
technical this is like surgery just like
yeah cheat a little bit and then it
might be a little bit too much sauce for
that like tiny or yeah I'm gonna chew it
up you you something to chew up it's
like they put it in the mouth and bite
it once in swollen it but I actually
really like me I would like to them for
a while yeah give me the slip it out of
there you need to like so you take it
back like a shot you ready Lou Cheers I
mean like if you don't you like it
yeah very salty but nice they like fresh
and I find them very refreshing no I
like that a lot
yeah yeah so Luke likes always you gonna
try one Jenny
are you actually gonna try one I'm
trying oh I feel like I felt like Joey
wouldn't like them but wait let's try to
find a little baby one we're making the
boys try them on film they're well
documented can we get rid of that water
I would get together the water yeah
the water's a bit like sealeo mom right
I need to get a chase already okay we
ready Joe are you ready load that's cold
yeah it causes good it's that roar of
the rod they just put that right we just
knock it back Joey knock you guys my
heart is like really really chew it up
though because it's gonna chew it once
and swallow if you don't like the taste
say you're fighting you around smooth a
bit around you need to kill it with your
teeth don't puke up all over the other
voices because I want to either
oh there's in your mouth okay so not a
fan yeah I didn't even taste it I just
want it so bad and I was I think there's
rocky almost like there was sand or
something yeah yeah well they pull him
straight out of a scary okay for
Catalina guys
we'll see you tomorrow for my
second-to-last day in LA I don't want to
go but we'll even get back on the boat
after this and I'll see you later
I tend around you guys like doing no
it's just a nice day sir
I work too I guess
