hey guys as long Angeles day 9 I can't
even believe it today lie and this is
crazy but at the moment we are on the
boat going to Catalina Island I'm with
Joey hi there who's got you looking cool
today with your sunglasses are you
rocking jaegers oh yeah yes and we are
just the boat like literally just left I
think it's like half an hour i thought i
would show you some of the awesome
scenery or like where is this like long
beach yeah like one long island Becker
but yeah yeah so we are going to be
there soon I was going to say as well I
might film a video with Joey at some
point doing the accent tag because I
just filmed one with Luke which
obviously will be like links like
yesterday's video about English vs
american slang so I might do a tad with
Joey about putting on accents since he
like rocks the British tax on a rugby as
I do I'm the bev salad and you guys are
always asking me to put American accents
so we will see what happens there and
I'll see you later bar so we just
arrived at Catalina and look how
beautiful it is yeah it's like being on
holiday whilst I'm on holiday it was
like coming on a second trip and Ingrid
Ingrid is tired right now light is like
ah the light the night and the boys are
just getting cozy this is joey and
Luke's room yeah and then me and Ingrid
of sharing a family right into town
right yeah yeah yeah no I'm just kidding
this isn't me and Joanna Sharon case
what we have a family room so I share
the bed I show you the bed because
basically like ingrid and Luke got like
the honeymoon suite and our room well
Brittany was meant to be coming too so
we got a family room and like opening up
and so we got a room with a double bed a
single bed and then another single bed
and then it's just me and Joey in here
so yeah like so there's like a whole
yeah i mean so if you want to sleep in
here cuz leg smells really bad like you
could fit here but they said to as this
like wouldn't comfortably fit an adult i
think this is like perfect in
size bed like I would be comfortable in
there just like a smidge smaller yeah
this bed is still pretty small I feel
like it's because that's like a right up
against the wall I think they're the
same size so yeah that's our stuff and
we are probably gonna go and get some
lunch yeah okay so we're just like
walking down the main kind of area in
Catalina and we found like Ingrid's like
this shirt was made for Ingrid to wear
like you look scared Nexus looking for
mr. I found mr. coffee she's like
obsessed so look at the length of it
like I swear that would be that would be
full length yeah that was like I would
actually be like we're in the pocket I
as for you at last be your camera it's
pretty safe okay so you can blog okay so
we're on the call the guards and Lucas
driving so we're all gonna die it's
pretty Serena yeah I think it's just
chillin yeah I sleepy oh yeah so we have
approached the Wrigley memorial but
we're unwilling to pay the seven dollar
admission fee so Joey's gonna do a quick
so information there's lots of stairs
that lead up to this like really cool
thing and then there's a glass casing
you can see Wrigley's dead body can you
hear ya how long ago did he die um like
five thousand years ago this is the
three that did the Wrigley's gum right
and you get so many guide it's just like
crazy got slide down really really I'm
like zoomed in on you on your face right
now okay let's zoom in so you guys can
see it and there it is and they can
agree to like they've disappeared Oh
what like we're just seeing you owe you
what we doing just uh oh they were
actually like having good there was
physical violence going on right now so
we are going to attach the golf cart
where I might try and take over the
wheel from Luke because Luke's driving
is a bit tang
I i had my pedal to the metal I'm Nessen
I'm gonna tie merican are you gonna tell
if you guys actually know what that made
pedals because they're all stupid yeah
you probably don't know what that means
that I arkin slang yeah like all this
American slang McCarty okay Ingrid's
like very very seriously in really
clever comment is that the trash can or
dust bin for all you intelligent people
out there it looks like a 2 dt fan
tastic are you ready for the ride of
your lives we just got to like a
viewpoint up here and I think we're
going to film an outfit of the day
because it looks amazing so if you want
to see that it will be up very soon on
either mine or Christian Right
everyone's logging look at English this
is the case that everyone's talking
about yeah I know everyone can see it
except my viewers yeah it's so cool I
wonder if I could like pull out maybe
the bus is this like a is this like the
local bus we're up here I'm filming God
the boxes I know
so we were thinking about buying a house
out here so I'm I'm up for this one that
i'm doing in that like I think that's
what I'm gonna buy why just stick with
that house but i'll just buy the islands
just buy the whole either yeah i might
as well should i do that i mean if
you're gonna buy a house why not just
fine i think i just buy the whole island
so like you guys can come and stay with
me really yeah yeah that feels a FLIR
you should probably maybe tell your
viewers how you drove off and left me
behind oh oh you know why I feel so bad
because I was driving and we got to a
stop sign and the car in front stops and
ice dance and then then I just went and
all the guys like stops when I was like
oh my god guys like it we're on Catalina
there's no traffic like i did stop and
jay was like actually i dropped my
glasses stop stop so we like drop them
off and then I'll 10 miles later like I
was like driving off and like not
letting him get back on so he like
jumped on a smack just had very hard and
I felt good thing really bad I have a
concussion now d are you gonna my head's
like it down here you found the spot
let's do it let's film this outfit of
the day so I just busted Ingrid like
topping up her lipstick full outfit of
the day standing in a very ladylike pose
right now looking the rearview mirror of
the golf cart classy classy Ingrid's
nice so we're just going back into town
now what are we gonna do
Ingrid we going to love this coat the
boys wanted to go there like we didn't
really want to go Oh slammer at C's at
the wheel we're all gonna die the boys
are like you're not very concerned about
the fight we're all going to die right
now don't just press it straight down
yeah straight down all the way like
straight down please flap flap flying
grid go oh my god angra cheese's slow
down just babies okay guys so it's the
end of the day at Catalina we've just
dropped off the golf cart I was sad to
say goodbye to the golf carts like it'll
become kind of my friend but you know
these things have to happen so we're
just heading back to probably to the
hotel and we're gonna get some dinner
I'm like shaking cuz I'm so cold because
the sun's gone in and now it's not so
warm so I will see you guys all tomorrow
for day 10 oh my god i'm really going
home it's very very sad but i will see
you tomorrow for that and we're still
i'm gonna do another volume catalina so
we'll see what happens tomorrow is like
filming me yeah what are you doing you
like / you let me do as I walk you are
curvy grab hire you and yeah so we're
just heading back now and I'll see sure
do you guys see this right now do you
actually see this this is what this plan
morality and Luke Conrad do when they go
on a date haha
