good morning guys welcome to the 17th of
vlogmas what up
get ready for the jingle you like to say
jingle-jingle channel so today is 17th
it's Saturday and it's a of our annual
Christmas party Mike you know when you
said the meat wouldn't reach it's cuz
you like you've done half full than
your's yeah but I wanted three lasagnas
to cook okay you didn't think about
doing two fat ones three skinny one this
one this one here is looking
particularly that's desperation yes this
is when you get real hungry at the end
of the night and there's not enough food
left they do smell amazing though Mike's
been doing some early morning setting it
up so many kind of days that we're not
going we have a lot of canapes we also
know we have alleged zoomed in on myself
we also have a lot of cheese the good
stuff got a lot of charities that
realize that over cheddar what you know
just in case you want some cheddar
oh that's not going on the cheese board
are you talking about federal City
mature cheddar that is not going on my
cheese board my my InfoWorld
you better not this rubbish cheddar on
my cheese board I am particular about my
cheese board stinkier the better um so
yeah that's today don't think I have any
other news I've been making beds because
we have how many people do we actually
have saying oh yeah once - we've got
about three four five six seven
at least eight minimum reason they could
go anyone up if you statement have been
poor people get wasted me to crash I'm
gonna crash on your beds and crashing in
a car oh my god sodam Shh the Helen
Mirren advert this year is amazing
on another note they're like don't drink
drive up I had amenity anyone the drink
dries you're a buffoon and you need to
sharpen up
thanks Mike you know Helen Mirren not as
good my fridge what's happing thing the
fridges if you leave enough oh my god
are you joking that's the noise they may
be honorable Oh Mike's five our fridge
makes a really annoying noise yes but
you just do this huh along it goes off
there very snazzy
clean new fridges look is like cribs
were thin my friend yes sir all the
drinks he's actually not the drinks for
tonight these are the drinks for our
like my own personal collection um and
we've got Pete sir my personal
collection of Drake canapes we've got
the cheese collection is in there and
then that's all of our general like
condiments and food and stuff and then
that is the water-cooled lasagne but we
do have another fridge which as Mike
says is the drinks fridge and that does
have a drink for tonight in it check
this out parlour party yeah we have San
Pellegrino amazing some Prosecco more
Prosecco wrote for a second
we have sparkling water tonic water
beers beers Prosecco beers and white
wine so it's our festive drinks cupboard
slash fridge and I keep all of my
magnets from wherever I travel on a-z
fridge I think it's about time little
piggy
we need to pluck your little eyelash
that goes into your I don't we look lil
I should be crying she hasn't but
basically she has in growing
excuse me squidge she has in growing
eyelashes in this eye which one vet hang
on Mike one vet told us that we have to
have an operation just have to leave it
whereas our friend as a vet just said
just pluck them out every like two
months and she was she's been fine it's
worked wonders but we need to UM get
some you mince pies
um yeah so we need to get the tweezers
out but I've lost my I've only got like
the really pointy ones and he's gonna
buy something there are Oh piggy bad
news I'd eyelash plucking time
horrendous makes you feel better
afterwards they all three of my girls
together for about two seconds now
they're gone
doing my Christmas nails guys
currently making some lunch for me and
Mike and we have pretty limited options
so we have so much food tonight we don't
really want too much anyway but I have
this smokey Spanish style rice which I'm
going to cook and I'm going to put some
truth in as well not very exciting but
that is going to be lunch today fried it
all up together that is my lunch and
Mike's luggage not just mine so Mike's
mom has just sent over a box of things
from when he was a kid
and his favorite thing in there your old
school Blazers no oh it's from heroin
Mike also loves corn he was 16 so I'm
doubting this is gonna fit what to think
oh it must have been Oh Mike check you
out sir that's quite nice it's a bit
short looks on the arms I think yeah I
mean all that bad but also funny I mean
liming seen better days you got to keep
it though yeah without that I keep all
my I've got my old old blazer when your
little boy yeah cheese prep is underway
guys beyond excited basically what I'm
doing I'm leaving all the cheese's
wrapped laying out the boards and then
I'm going to take them out a bit later
because I don't want to have them out
for too long I'm like a couple of hours
four people are eating them but this is
what is going on guys I do not have one
not two but three cheese boards I mean
they're generously spaced apart from
each other with bits and bobs but I love
my cheese every year I like to set
myself a challenge to do the cheese
board even better doing the last push
with the wrapping guys I save these bad
lads till last these are for the boys
spike and Arthur and I've got like six
presents left to wrap I'm gonna do it
come on I use ten
didn't want that light on and I can turn
it off turn it off I started my blog now
because I wanted to do an update where
we're going they're playing the Spice
Girls on the radio tonight it's very
very song actually so anyway Mike and I
are on our way to get a few last-minute
bits and bobs but also to pop into the
antique centre which is close to our new
house because I've got one present that
I haven't bought yet and that is for my
friend James and he bought a house last
year so I feel like you might want a
house in danger I'm gonna go look in the
Hat antiques and he's coming tonight I
really want to get to present for
tonight's I might not see him again for
Christmas so we're hoping that we might
find it have like half an hour and see
what happens bruising do you see
anything I like this chair no luck yet
well I do like this little chair what do
you buy boys boys found it guys this is
it a stiletto chair definitely antique
not we might have a winner guys it's a
little chess table socially really cute
look at it Mike thinks yes I'm undecided
yes Palissy is here now and we also you
want to make up together getting ready
go for a little bit of smoky eye I'll
run you through what I'm wearing after I
put it on to a background of Britney
Spears which I'm going to turn down a
little bit this is what I'm wearing
tonight my lingerie Depot foundation my
girl I can see that as well YSL Touche
Claire the YSL not why sell Estee Lauder
Victoria Beckham bronzer love it
Becca champagne pop mac kind of what the
exact name of this a Studio Fix
perfecting powder really like that she
and then I mixed two these two shades of
the Tarte Amazonian clay blusher which
is laughs and love and then my rodeo
smoky eye palette I use this color this
color and the black and then I used the
beauty pie black eyeliner the Mac
patisserie lipstick is beauty pie lip
gloss is
hello petal love it and my eyelashes in
flow loves and this is my makeup for the
evening
do you like this is the cheese and it's
full glory guys for blue cheese tasty
hard cheese goat's cheese this is some
kind of crazy Irish cheese I don't know
anything about this this is the bomb the
bomb across and then we have a triple
green Brie guys cheese table fingers
currently looking very unimpressed what
you do it baby
are you alright the too many people here
for you turns out Mike zhonya it's great
just got impeccable taking my makeup off
and I need to get out but and take it
one of this the worst feeling ever
am I the only one that I suppose I still
have a really tight choker on which it
needs to come off I might need to get
miked out with without lot of you in the
morning guys I might still be here
trying to undo my choker right
