hi everyone and welcome to vlog Angeles
day 8 and today I'm doing something a
little bit different I'm joined by Luke
Conard who you might know as Luke just 3
but today we're gonna be doing the
transatlantic slang smackdown you got it
basically do you want to explain why
we're doing this because it's Luke's
idea yeah I saw a video with Charlie
McDonnell and Michael Aranda where they
said words and she was saying words like
I think you said boot I said but yeah
and and I was like we should we should
do a video kind of similar to theirs
where they say words to and you were
like my pants okay what did you say I
forget you said something like well cuz
Ingrid bought you some pants like she
bought me underwear oh do you like a new
pad and I thought I looked down at my
pants and like I haven't gotten new
pants in a while and that anger goes she
means underwear so she's gonna say words
that she uses in maybe more everyday
life or at least she knows what they
mean and she's gonna see if I know what
they think and then that's gonna be a
second video over on Luke's channel
which is youtube.com forward slash Luke
yeah and he's gonna do the same thing to
me but I'm gonna use a marinara sometime
yeah and try to see if she can but I'm
pretty confident in that I'm making yeah
so should we stop yeah first one spend a
penny spend a penny and that would be
like buying something for cheap right
like yeah yeah if you don't know what it
is you would never get maybe yes think
about it slightly like outside in the
box it's not obvious spend a penny I
would think that is like buying
something that's cheap or like I don't I
don't know I don't know it is okay so it
means if you were to take a week like go
for a week wow really yeah I'm gonna go
spend a penny yet
my way of saying I'm going to the loo
probably know what that means I do know
what that I have heard that one number
two on a similar theme bull roll you're
like I don't know because we just had
sushi today which are rolls
sounds like a bog like maybe like bug
roll like maybe you're saying I yep
fog roll I would imagine it's food
because it's like is it gonna be bad
that I'm saying that it's oh it's not
food okay so moving on to a more cherry
one chuff-chuff that's like you're you
mad yeah you get trumpet that's the
total opposite chaff means that you're
like really happy okay you're like I'm
really chuffed about that
we hit we have more chafe oh yeah we all
change I'm chase yeah
chafed and chuffed it just seems like
chase him is it too similar fear
I mean chuffed if I was chafed okay okay
doggie people say that in America if
they're dodgy that means they're like
sneaky and they like a sneak stuff yeah
it's like sketchy okay got it
I've got the hump is that like a
venereal disease like if I got the hump
I'm just I'm just like like you know
this is a big confession to me guys I've
got the hump no not even close
okay got the hump does it mean like your
love that that's like a guess got the
hump it means you're in a strop like yep
yeah your honor in a bad mood if you
don't know what you're in a strop means
a strop no okay it means you're like
grumpy okay you know what that means
right Wow I know grumpy yeah it's like
grumpy
I feel like this video should be called
Luke Conard is stupid
crickets readers are young okay okay
okay you're not gonna get the next one
either no T like Humpty numpty
think that sounds like it might help
numb like you're numb not like oh you're
drunk you getting numb drunk
no nothing nice it means like stupid
you're like a dumbass no tea a bit of a
more polite way it's like what your
granny would say instead of that much is
like a bit like an AMA ba Dumpty um
Pookie's Porky's
that is a restaurant they serve barbecue
food yes okay is it a blog I just say
you could be you you would tell a poky a
joke Porky's we'd sit around and tell
Porky's all day am i okay well some
people be like oh that's a porcupine
okay
what weight is that is that like a pie
full of lies a porcupine
well it's a small lie a porcupine would
be like or a porky it's like a white lie
like this I know I didn't choose any
like cockney rhyming slang code that's
all legitimately what people would yes
people will say okay
a bloke a bloke is just like an average
guy okay okay
bugger this is actually a swear word but
it's much worse so I apologise for
anyone that doesn't like profanity I
would say that it would be kind of like
saying bugger off yeah yeah okay so like
get out of my face
yeah okay yeah do you usually say anal
sex
what how did somebody come up with
because what is this okay all right
chav that's not the joke one that's not
like telling it you half a joke no to be
trended that the pissed like your chaff
like you're mad no it's Charlie you can
be a job so like Charlie's your uncle
okay I don't shout like you can be a
jerk
no well
thing is with Chaplin they don't really
exist in America there's not like a it
the only one thing I could say it's
similar to being would being like be
like a hillbilly well
like redneck hick or something like that
it's like not a nice to like oh yeah
that's a child like it looks like
shemune instruction worker and I guess
that like all my slices geez loud why
don't you go ahead and urban dictionary
so what about kid it sounds like maybe a
sardine like like like cool kangaroo
like Kip is a little bit like little bit
like Skippy up is a little baby kangaroo
it means to like take a nap I was so
long you baby kangaroo okay
what about no sir like a a bata no idea
it means you're like a crazy person
oh yes okay don't worry you Luke Conard
is stupid
all right Spence spuds potatoes oh yeah
yeah I heard you have like two out of Oh
all right we good not good to have like
a knack for something that may happen
you have a knack for something if you're
knackered
like yeah like yeah that's not um no
knock it means tired but it actually
also has an interesting derivative -
because it's um it's to do with balls
like you have tired balls so like if if
a guy has knackering I think it was like
you you not good like you've had too
much sex
Oh thing why do you always get the most
bored how the kind of all the things
exact you have sex too much like when a
guy's balls get too tired then it's like
another word for Bulls as well say oh
I'm pretty sure this is right that's
what can be wrong like oh this is a good
one Marty Marty McFly when I back to the
future
like Madhi you body sounds like made you
Marty Marty Marty I don't I
Maadi mine and they are dy it means
you're kind of grumpy as well oh but
it's more something you would use to
talk about women I think like your
girlfriend is Marty like she's inner
light so she's on her period or so okay
Tulsa I don't know like I would think it
would be a crazy person if somebody said
that that person I would automatically
assume like that person okay so that
they would have an exact translation in
American Sign which would be jerk okay
alright so like say me stay away from
that person estimating as well
what like a masturbating jerk like stay
away okay this is an easy one for you -
easy ones of the extra bonus points
cheerio
like Hello yeah yeah Oh chop all right
that's another one old chap okay that's
like a person that's your friend right
yeah okay like an old friend yeah but
you attentive I mean I can't finally
dustbin
that's trash trash bin right yeah yes oh
so good
I'm gonna put some up the score here of
what they go out of how many
I'm gonna beat it right out over on his
channel and that would be a link here
for you guys to go click it and I am
gonna win she's probably gonna win but
so gonna win and I will see you tomorrow
for vlog Angeles day 9 goodbye barn
thanks to the Conrad for joining me bye
Conrad
