hi guys its blog Angeles day 7 and we're
going to Disneyland yeah I think Joey
wins because he has it I think you have
an evil Mickey like he has yellow eyes
and like what is in between as he is
it's just like are you gonna get yours
or hot I'm definitely gonna get
something okay yes so Joey is here
obviously and then Luke is driving the
wrong way and an ingress in the front
just be sounding yeah it's my first ever
time to anything Disney I've never been
to Disneyland Disney World
I've never been sitting on Paris or
anything so and I'm probably gonna buy
an actual like I'm probably gonna fill
with Mickey Mouse Luke and I think might
film a English / American slang video at
some point in the next few days as well
English yes leave if anyone is English I
should not English in you know English
langdon no make sure you like write it
in the comments cuz it's difficult to
like actually remember or think of
things or even know that Luke wouldn't
know what they are like something that I
wouldn't know sometimes I I think that
you would know it and say it and people
like you were like what you like so yeah
so let me know and I'll see you in we
are actors unite Washington California
Adventure at the moment first which I
didn't know there were two different
things so
I'm just having a good time pretending
that it's all Disneyland yeah and we
just thought with Nikki I'm sorry who's
at the front with me who's been missing
like it's like lunchtime right now today
and yeah I think we're just gonna go on
a ride
first impressions it's pretty amazing
it's you I'm loving life the music they
have just like continually like there's
one in Paris but I've never I've never
been it just makes you feel like walking
down the street like you're in a Disney
film exactly like this Nikki's gonna do
a demonstration Ariel's Grotto and we're
getting some drinks and then smell okay
which looks more like cheese dip to me
it does but it's good what is that Wow
how are you feeling James Bond film
feeling magic oh yes magical Disneyland
you are he sounds like not terrifying
I think he wanted to be in the blog you
should we have down below yeah where are
we going now it's like my favorite ride
ever
I like why I'm gonna like pan out too
but we can't see it yeah definitely
should do it yeah so hey in the comment
section below you should sit and see if
you would like to hear Fleur and Ingrid
sing the new Taylor Swift song but we
don't know if I can sing because I'm
never really according to Mike I can't
sing like every time I think if I gotta
work my boyfriend's I don't know I don't
know what he's thinking that would you
like to hear her sing yes I would but it
might go bad but it might be bad so I
don't know let me know okay they're
gonna all say yeah Joey just tricked me
you started
and it was like into a nightmare
did you like it
I loved it good I'm creaming a little
bit it's actually fun
Joey made me think it was gonna be like
the worst experience of my life I mean
you were lucky to get the one see that
does another seat belt I did freak out
because I felt in my bag into the seat
belt this is like make sure you have
nothing in your seat belt by not gonna
be my friend I'm very tell you this Mike
I know strata really hard to reach over
and unbuckle your seat belt did you did
you make youtube you are horrible
you're not my new friends anymore what
did you have a really good time down yes
gonna die basically I think I'm gonna be
okay okay
you should sing that way real gun
earlier in America yeah on the ride just
in case you need it for my self-defense
whilst you right I might need to kill
Joey on the way for survival or not
you're a rodent today make your
experience
ah someone's got to go okay so Joey got
320 1,700 I got ten by three hundred
thousand thousand
but like I didn't realize the um enemy
making them light up I thought you wanna
shoot these are about to leave
Disneyland but first of all we're going
into the world of Disney to get a
souvenir because I kind of want a
souvenir for work and then also maybe
one for me as well smells really bad in
here
someone was angry a friend how long but
he crapped their dykes yeah yeah we had
a friend of mine craft it it was me
ingress found a new friends are you
gonna get him to take up to the Past you
know like the Rosebud so we just left
this river just like doing a little done
and we're an in-and-out burger and just
to make Mike really really jealous and
he watches this witty thing in an out
bug which is Mike's like favorite thing
in the whole world just to like sum up
the day and Nick is here I literally
love it
I want french fries and a cheeseburger
they gave me they gave me cheese fries
the software should see you tomorrow
though No and then I went back and
ordered the burger and he was like oh
okay well we'll give you the fries for
freedom more like eight dollars or
something no man it's like ruin my day
yeah so that is it for the day I had a
cool time in Disneyland and not sure
what we're doing for it but I will see
that back
