hi guys and welcome to Colangelo spaces
today i'm joined by my co-host miss
glamorous b and we are in Torrevieja
Newport Beach and it's a beautiful day
surprise surprise and we just gotta grab
some lunch so late lunch is like 3
o'clock but we've been shopping I
actually bought mainly presents today so
have what amazing
there may be another hole coming up you
never know where it might be or where
but we got I actually just ordered a
mango jalapeno mojito which I we were I
wasn't I'm living in the drink I think
is it's lunchtime but I saw that I was
like I have to try it because it sounds
crazy like crazy an amazing good it's
like really mango it's like very the
reaction
it's good isn't it it's kind of weird
but good yeah definitely really
refreshing yeah I really like YUM so
we're just coming in to fashion on it
sounds so like yeah like that you like
an island it's just like yeah it's cool
all right
oh there's another a Bloomingdale's home
at home so it's really switch the music
off pretend you guys didn't hear that
music if you could hear it reverse there
anyone behind us
oh that's a tree food kitchen there too
oh yeah another one that you that was
here yeah that place is really good
there all he sliders are so we just had
the kind of a beef and scallop sliders
which was amazed I love it sick I think
it was a bit much for me like I feel a
bit like yeah I even feel like so where
are we gonna head in here mouth shoes
mouth shoes mouth shoes okay we're just
going into dicks right now um that's
definitely my favorite store hey guys
so it's a little bit later now I
witnessed err having a bit of a stroll
around Fashion Island Ingrid may have
made a cheeky wild fox purchase like I'm
worried about her I'm gonna send her
some wild Fox rehab like seriously she's
got a problem and it needs addressing
yeah so we're just going this is what
Fashion Island looks like it's still
very what Mandy who it's kind of a funny
one because it's all like one side you
notice
but it's still like the sky is still
very blue it's still kind of sunny but
it suddenly got cold like the sun's gone
down we are just trying to find Sephora
because we're looking for the NARS Dan
Mari palette that I actually got at the
beginning of the week I forgot it's my
brother's wife's birthday when I get
back so I was gonna get one for her
birthday and I hope she doesn't watch
this vlog then she'll know what I'm
getting for a birthday but we're trying
to find Sephora so we can get another
one and that's the parent really if
you've got anything to add mr. Otzi
hopefully I won't be tempted to get one
I think you will
I'm such a bad influence on Ingrid so I
know I like so much shopping but to be
fair I did wait you're like safe
shopping gave them a new Flair was like
saving up yeah shopping preparing for
the shopping craziness England did you
wanna go in there
it's not like the only one in California
for great eats though it's one in New
York I guess I'd maybe I'll vlog
Ingrid's gonna vlog Inglot Ingrid at
Inglot so you know it's only three
letters different from her name she's
gonna go in there and if you want to see
what she's gonna say in her blog right
now that you brother stop filming go
over to her channel hi guys so we are
currently in Hill Stone in Santa Monica
and obviously I'm still with Ingrid but
for once I'm actually going to vlog the
food but for this evening we have a
special guest which you guys are going
to love because it's actually Mike's
twin sister Claire who is lucky enough
to live out here one time she's going to
be really quiet so yeah we just got our
food and Ingrid and I both got the spicy
tuna roll salad which looks really good
it's basically like sushi with salad and
what did you get back I got the Asian
chicken
yeah it looks favorite for you yeah
how's it going Chris you're first in
your YouTube debut / I've literally
never seen by be so quiet
yeah so we're gonna I will probably see
you a little bit later after we've eaten
Ingrid I'll probably vlog the eating as
well she can't she can't resist it's
like vlogging is just her thing so you
know I'll see you later hey guys so
we're back at Ingrid's apartment now and
I just thought it would do a very quick
signing off before Angelus day 6 yeah I
keep on forgetting which day it is it's
like every time I do it I'm like day hmm
but yeah so we're just back ingress now
and really tired as we have been like
every night for the last week I can't
leave I've been here for almost a week
that's crazy
just because we've been so busy like in
the day doing so much stuff like zipping
around everywhere so yeah we're just
chilling out and I will see you guys all
tomorrow bye
