hi guys so it's vlog Angeles day five
and today I'm pay with this random girl
like they're following me around there
it is here of course and we just you
know winner but in like an ugly place
like I feel like really sorry anywhere
that she lives I mean like who would
want to live with this seriously like
torture torture torture us how do you do
this image it's hard it's hard yeah
somehow I managed you feel the pride
right I'm so jealous right now I just I
would kill to happen but even within an
hour of where I live but it's so
beautiful so we're just kind of like on
Venice Beach we're gonna go for a walk
we just had a massive lunch yeah which
again was on English blog channel as she
likes to vlog food and yeah it's just so
it's like the most perfect day because
it's not too hot it's not too cold
it's just a nice temple yet it's sunny
there's like a walk down here and the
Sun is like you can see the Sun like
reflecting off the ocean and there's the
pier
which doesn't have anything on it but
yeah just like it's just there alright I
think we're just going to go for a walk
yeah and just enjoy we're having like a
chilled out date yeah we like less that
what time do we leave the house today
like yeah at lunchtime and we kind of we
found a video though that was productive
yeah and then I think we're just having
a walk along the beach and then you've
got a few things to do like yeah it's
the bank yeah exercising things and then
my video public's Oh what video is that
that I shot with oh the guy won the
Birchbox man yeah
the man videos and
and we are probably going to go to get
ramen yes tonight yeah which I like I
don't think I've ever had proper ramen
like the only ramen I've had is Wagamama
sand that's like cheap chain kind of
like bad ramen
so in grid's going to educate me in the
world yeah we're gonna go to Little
Tokyo and we'll have some good ramen
which I'm excited as a boat like I'd
quite like to be on a boat right now it
would be quite like yeah chilled out so
beautiful but yeah I'll keep you guys
updated not sure whether we'll be doing
much exciting other vloggers stuff today
but tomorrow will be an exciting day
what are we oh yeah tomorrow we're going
to orange and going shopping again
because we just don't you are not
shopping and yeah I'm really excited for
that actually because yeah and yeah so
I'll just leave you with this beautiful
backdrop and I might see you later
oh yeah I'm pretty buzzed hey guys so
I'm back at Ingrid's apartment now and
we are just making some coffee
actually I'm making the coffee using
Ingrid's coffee machine and I can see by
the look on her face this is a bit
nervous that I'm gonna break it I did it
I did it okay so I just made english i
latte which is the ones that we got
yesterday which is these so should we
make I taste it on camera and you're
just editing your video that you're
about to put up with Luke right yeah
well I'm just like running through it
and it's making me laugh Luke's like
stupid comments about beauty product
he's like pronouncing Bulgari like
Bulgaria is so funny
so how is the chocolatey is it good out
of the special mug then yeah for my
housewarming gifts Ingrid yeah I really
like these they're like the perfect so
big love mugs and yeah so calendar the
Hut has regained his face now Alison is
gone he has his area left again and I
just actually we went to Bath and Body
Works it was like a bit of a last-minute
like on a whim thing we were driving
home like no shopping today we're just
going to the beach and then we're going
home and then on the way home Engel is
like oh then I says fast and Body Works
that there's like no one ever in so they
always have the good candles left like
kind of on the way home shall we go so I
was like yes so we ended up going to buy
somebody once and I got a huge bag of
stuff most of it is actually for a
giveaway for me I just ended up guessing
three of these what are they called
island margarita hand sanitizers because
they smell amazing and then a mini
carried away body spray because I love
the scent but I don't I like didn't
really need anything so I didn't want to
get a large size so I just got a tiny
one and it was like 75% off so I was
like $2 or something and then I got a
mini be enchanted shower gel because
that's the newest scent I think and it
smells really good and then I ended up
getting one last candle because Ingrid
basically bought me four candles so I
didn't need to like buy any
I have another stack in the corner but
the newest one I got isn't this one
which is it creamy pumpkin you guys want
to see you guys can have a smell so good
it does actually smell amazing so that's
what I got but then I got stuff for a
giveaway for you guys so if you want to
win this is what you guys can win I
don't know how you're gonna win again
I'm gonna make it up as I go along when
I finish showing you what it is but if
you want to win this love pink
Victoria's Secret like wash bag which I
actually really love and they had this
in Bath and Body Works but for some
reason they must be owned by the same
company or something because they sell
the pink stuff I don't know but I just
thought that was really cute so that is
what all the prizes are gonna come in
and then you can win a bath and
Bodyworks island Valkyrie island
margarita hand sanitizer a paris amour
body lotion and a paris or more shower
gel which smell amazing I love those and
then a mini carried away spray like the
one I got which also smells great a
shade cashmere hand cream which is
amazing they're like such a good hand
cream I also got a mini leaves candle I
wanted to get a large one but because of
postage I don't know kind of and
traveling home as well hi heavy all the
candles would be so I've got a mini
leaves camera which is my favorite scent
and then I've got two EAS lip balms one
in summer fruit and one in sweet mint
sweet summer fruits like the original
one but sweet mints my favorite one and
then I got three of the new Revlon lip
butters which are really really good I
actually ends didn't buy any of these
for myself because Ingrid really kindly
bought me a few as a Christmas gift but
I got tutti frutti which is like a coral
Orange
I got lollipop which is kind of the
bright very pink and then I got
Strawberry Shortcake which oh no this
isn't sure result I got a sweet tart I
got the wrong one have you got sweet
tart we thought it was it was behind a
strawberry shortcake because I just
picked the one up at the back oh well
sweet tart looks like a nice color
anyway I got that and then finally a
covergirl LashBlast volume so these are
all things that you kind of can't get in
the UK but the giveaway is going to be
open internationally anyway
because they're all kind of like
American products or whatever so it's
kind of like an LA giveaway and if you
want to win all you have to do is write
a comment in this video telling me what
do you think it should be Ingrid Ingrid
can make up the question what does the
comment have to say tell he's on the
spot right now oh I so back because
there's not like a giveaway like for any
particular reason it's just a random one
maybe it can be like la related or like
trivia or what is your favorite I don't
know what is kinda hard what do you
think well I think the question should
be what is your favorite holiday
destination he's a guy so yeah the
question should be what is your
favourite holiday destination or
vacation destination if you don't know
what I'm talking about by saying holiday
destination yeah cuz I'm on holiday
right now I guess so yeah where's your
favorite place to go on holiday you tell
me and I'm gonna pick a winner at random
anywhere all of that stuff amazing the
usual like terms and conditions apply if
you're underage ask your parents and
yeah make sure you want to give me your
address and you know fingers crossed
you're not an axe murderer and all that
kind of stuff so yeah that is it for
vlog Angeles de 5 and I'm gonna make a
trial of Z for myself now because Ingrid
looks like she's enjoying her
panda the Hutt doesn't have one but he
looks like he might be eating these
tasty nuts yeah so bye bye
