Hey so it's blog Angeles day what's
today
full 3:04 yeah
I've like confused with blogger Tokyo
day 26 plus but I am joining Ingrid's
in the trip to Bed Bath & Beyond to get
coffee yes and I feel like I'm sure
Walker I feel like I'm joining ingress
like vlogmas vlogs yeah like if I copy
and then we're gonna go to Target and
get what we came here for bandages for
my rose shall I show yeah sure this is
like you want me to do that this is this
is basically this my shoes did this to
me yeah there we go
nonstick yeah no so bad oh my gosh looks
so painful I can't wear any of my shoes
so I'm having to borrow ingress which
are also causing which also I'm getting
like red there no seriously that's feet
are gonna fall off so we're gonna go in
here and then buy things yeah
we've been shopping today as well again
they're like Ingrid's I share that way
you need for your balcony okay this is
my first time I've ever been in here my
god how high does it how told you have
to be to get things down yeah it's a
shop for giant yeah oh they have Yankee
Candles because they have no substantive
handles mm quite nice they don't have
all the winter sense I like trying to
think those are the ones I've had hmm
they're like summer ones are very nice
right there oh my god how much coffee so
which home do the donut shop there is
the one we had this morning yet this one
that's oh you don't have decaf you had
this one this year I'll give you that
one
and then I had this one it was a
hazelnut was that as good as the hazel
the other haze on that one
what's Hawaiian hazelnut I don't know
but it looks pretty with Wolfgang Puck
as well
it's hello hon was it what but boss it's
hockey sounds quite good yeah a clue
breakfast in bed raspberry chocolate
truffle I don't think that sounds good
as a clue my diary and that looks quite
good yeah I saw that one they have so
many now try latte yeah that happens
really good Jones I really want to try
these but I think they're gonna be good
I think we should get them we'll have at
least two cuz you don't have one and
I'll have one and if they're bad then we
can give them to Joey yeah he likes the
sweet ones isn't it yeah so you like the
Cinnabon creamer that I got there's an
unlimited edition Cinnabon creamer I
want that I haven't had a Cinnabon in
like maybe five years oh you never ate
whatever then I am I want to get oh they
have is that the same one the cinnamon
roll oh yes all the way out how long can
we focus
hey guys so we just got out of Target
which was I forgot to vlog in there but
it wasn't that exciting anyway because
we were just buying like loads of little
kind of things I got some well ingrid
bought some band-aids for my gammy foot
so hopefully it's gonna be better i'm
gonna go and buy some of my own
flip-flops as well hopefully now i'm
like we went a bit I went a bit crazy at
the till with gum and stuff but I ended
up getting like I'm going to show you
why I bought this is so weird like it's
not that interesting but I got some like
icebreaker sours in watermelon
are they watermelon an orange or
watermelon tangerine an apple yeah yeah
so I got those and I was like looking at
them like I love sour and I love
watermelon he was like they're really
good nice okay I'm gonna get but then I
also got Listerine strips because for
some reason I don't know if they've
stopped selling these in England they
used to be really popular in YouTube
my other tools everywhere but I haven't
seen them in ages so I got some of those
remember breath spray yeah anyway and
then I got some extra fruit sensations
yeah this is like an exciting purchase
for me I got this pillow which is really
- dude it's like so hideous it's a
travel pillow but I almost I want to do
that well that lady has in the picture
there like on the plane I want to do
that on the way I nearly bought one in
the airport on the way out but I didn't
and then I regretted it but you can like
look at all the different ways you can
use this look you can like use it as a
seat you can use it I don't know what
she's doing there not a chair cushion
yeah I'm not sure about that a pillow if
you're like lying down you put your hand
through it I can use it you can use it
as a footrest and if you want to lie on
the floor you can use it as a floor
pillow or you can twist it like oh god
I'm super in you can twist it like that
and then sit on it it's like a hundred
different ways to use this pillow Ingrid
hasn't vlog today you gonna vlog later
yeah I'm gonna be a weblog food but yeah
probably dinner and like when we get
back why did we say oh we're gonna try
and find Mexican food in at night
we should have locked the sushi a
shih-tzu she was really good yeah it was
it was like a fixed where was it sushi
it was just called sugar thing sugar
actually oh my god the Sun oh yeah I
know it was
recommended by people when I ask a while
ago for good sushi places to take Fleur
sugar fish was recommended and it was it
was good yeah it was just the right
amount - yeah like we had one of the set
mine is that what was it called - trust
- trust me set menu and it was really a
nice and fresh tear just and it wasn't
too much like it was little bits and
they kept on bringing it wasn't like you
know when you got a set menu and they
bring out like a massive plate of stuff
and it kind of I don't know I find it
but overwhelming like I like bringing
different things like a surprise like
you forget that there's another one
coming and then it arrives kind of oh
really like the two rolls in the end the
world where the hand rolls yes so good
yeah so yeah English probably gonna vlog
food as usual I don't think it's like
vloggy I think it's like food loggia
food year a year in the life of Ingrid's
stomach bad luck you guys when she has
food poisoning that would not be a
pretty blog but yeah so hopefully see
you guys a bit later
who knows and off we go to do more
shopping we are on Third Street
Promenade in Santa Monica again because
we love it and we've been shopping and
we have ticks numerous things off
Ingrid's like I need to get the one to
list half yeah it's really good so we
found the mouth shoes and we found a few
more things but they're gonna be in a
hole tomorrow so make sure you go and
check out I can't tell
yeah we found but I have loads of
exhaling so yeah we're just gonna head
and get some Mexican now so I'm gonna
sign out but if you want to see what
we're gonna eat go and check out this
blog channel a good monster and you can
see our Mexican meal but I will yes sir
and then siesta and then we're gonna
watch Pretty Little Liars 12 yeah and so
exciting this has been on hiatus for
like forever
for five Halloween yeah so we're gonna
watch that and then we're gonna go to
bed
probably yeah after that so I'll see you
tomorrow and check out how pretty this
is I haven't shown Alison vlog this but
look at this is where we're shopping I
should do more like vlogging a badge is
the word dinosaur that is puking up this
continually is forever puking into the
fountain and this really pretty girl is
like life so yeah and there's like live
music I think this is my favorite place
to shop in LA yeah yeah yes I can see
you
that's where we are and I'll see you
soon
