hey guys so it's vlog and to this day
three which is technically day two
because anyway ii but i did one early
and I am with Ingrid to try surprise
Allison and someone else who I like I
just it's stealing my ideas and we are
at the Grove and we are going to do some
shopping when we stopped on top of the
car park just to show you guys a nice
like semi sunset in LA right now it's
looking really nice there's a lot of
people from there is no smog no I don't
have any smog either have you got smog
so yeah we're just gonna hit some shops
and do a bit more shopping like we did
yesterday which it's always good in my
book and I'm dragging these guys to have
a prom even though they really cuz I
know that that's a massive sale on and
if you guys don't know it's about twice
as expensive in England so
yeah they switched it well yeah and I
think they also sometimes about that
which is crazy but we're going shopping
and I'll probably show you guys down
here a bit as well she'll get on the
escalators are you going to look for a
party parent yes I wanted I hope because
oh what a party pirate party power is a
new lipstick which my guys were blogging
about back it's I really really love it
we went into my yesterday we went into
my yesterday and I was like I'm not
really interested me especially like the
collections amazing you have to see and
I was like yeah and I was like oh no I'm
not interested in then I saw it
because it's amazing so we're gonna try
to finance something
party her pigeon perfect pigeon pink
pictures stupid names so we're going in
the car now and English driving
obviously I'm not driving anger just
Bieber with but Allison's gone with
Nicki so is there they there who you
know they got here way before us on the
way here so we're going from the Grove
to the Beverly Center because we're
hardcore shoppers and we're not just
happy with one more we need to go to
like several in one day because we are
on the hunt for mark I don't know if
they're Marc Jacobs or Marc by Marc
Jacobs their little mouse pumps because
I had been like looking at them for ages
and they're a lot cheaper in the States
and they are in the UK and then I showed
them to Ingrid this morning I was like
you'll really like these and she likes
it yes so yeah I like the stud ones but
I don't know if they'll have them hope
they might be on sale because that I'm
pretty sure that they're this like last
season's I think the sparkly ones at
this season's
but yeah so we gotta look for them
Ingrid may have just made an amazing
purchase which will probably be in a
whole video coming up on one of our
channels probably mine cuz you had one
so yeah watch out for that and I'm like
jealous it was like it's gone really red
because the only light is coming from
his brake lights in front of us it's
like horror movie really ghoulish yeah
so I actually like we saw this bad girls
like it so baby buy it buy it buy it buy
it buy another guy at the store yeah he
was like she's a cool friend
yeah you need to buy the behind cuz I
yes
it's amazing I just gave it away that it
was a bag but yeah yeah you don't know
what buy it was um so yeah this is cool
we can get both of us in shock
yeah you have my all you may always I
always buy bags with Fleur because it's
because I have a problem with bags like
an actual physical problem like an
addiction there's a shop I just it's
like an it's like magnetic attraction
towards bags and I always I never see
other things that I want I just always
bags always and I'm one a baron after
buying my Chanel like I'm not buying any
more bags for a while
so you you know how you and Luke vlog in
the car together yeah you never do this
do you know this is a good way to both
be in chocolate yes I'm sure sometimes
usually I don't cuz usually though like
this angle just the first thing dry but
maybe that's cuz he's like I don't want
to be camera filming yeah so we're
driving purchase crossing light
seriously is that necessary I don't
think so but it's like for some reason
today is the most like atmospheric
weather I think yeah like the sunset was
amazing earlier and now it's like it's
just kind of like dark and cool I don't
know it feels like we might we're in a
film or something that place has really
good I love the bread right it's like a
garlicky Oh bread I had a most cocky
lunch ever
anyway if you want to see what we had
for lunch go and watch Ingrid's video
I like pointed at your head like Oh
Canyon and she like flogged all of our
lunch it was amazing but I'm gonna stink
tonight I had to share a bed with Alison
so I'm like really worried that she's
gonna be like stung count by my garlic
press nice I'll see you later
so this is where we're going and it's a
straight road to where we're going
gonna carry on vlogging in a straight
line until we get there not really what
maybe I should maybe we have stuff to
talk about I'm gonna zoom in like if you
guys can see the Beverly Center there is
and it depends how many traffic lights
we get stuck in how long you reckon I'll
take this together as an estimate could
you guess I really know I think like one
minute 20 seconds we're on 30 seconds
already three minutes could be anyways I
there
oh there's one red here I think missed
oh maybe it's further than it looks
actually you're getting some beautiful
la scenery right here always somewhere
in West Hollywood right so yes yes I
like yes I can oh no I meant he say many
things right
I confirm that it's true that's
Hollywood indeed I was gonna say oh oh I
was gonna say if people had suggestions
for like stuff that we should do and
like in poking or yeah and blogging and
where they would like to see a spout
like in Southern California oh yeah I
like things I'm gonna dive on it for one
second where they should want wet like
what we should do was we're here yeah
yeah renovation I already have
Disneyland and Catalina on the list but
I wanted like switch arms oh wow yeah
I've never been to any kind of Disney
anything and like my whole life oh my
gosh and I told the floor about the clam
chowder that you can get in the bread
bowl so you know New Orlean clam chowder
is so good and you can't really you
don't really get that very often see
look we're on 1 minute 43 you're 5 min
estimate was way over way I think you're
what was the next one 3 minutes yeah
we're pretty much there now yeah we just
have to get in the garage which might be
in there there it is the Beverly Center
so what what's in here Bloomingdale's
all those details I think there's a
Nordstrom there's so many Nordstrom is
here they're like yeah everywhere and
there's there's not like a huge variety
of shops cuz it looks really big yeah
it's just a lot of levels but it's not
actually yes it's quite high yeah yeah
this is like one of the only but cuz
I've been to a lot of the malls like in
LA last time I came this is the one we
didn't go to but it was like a big one
yeah
those are like the escalators that you
know quite cool escalators
they look like they should be on it in
some kind of and then something like
they said like near the hospital where
all the celebrities like have their baby
I really think there's like some luxury
like birthings oh they have fat bath and
beyond I've never been in there but I
always say it people we can't get yes
I'm creamer creamer can anyone tell me
if creamer exists in England because
I've never even seen this but Ingrid
maybe a coffee this morning with it was
a hazelnut who was that yeah coffee with
Vanilla creamer in it it was like the
most like indulgent tasty coffee I've
ever had it's gonna be like pitch black
I think
but I've ever had anyone make me in
their own house
like I swear you don't get that in
England as far as I know I haven't seen
so if you know where you can get it in
England then tell me that was really
random so yeah we gotta get here now so
I'm gonna go because this is really this
this is beautiful scenery over the
carpark yeah okay bye it's my first-ever
Pinkberry experience right now
I'm quite excited about it I need I need
advice on what's the best peanuts
what are you gonna get I haven't been I
have a can you mix flavor stammers but
what does your pink berry look like what
is it what does it look like what do you
think what do you think Allison's pink
berry looks like late to blogging guys
we're all in different spots guys what
did you get there to pull off the ends
Allyson got the chocolate balls I didn't
get the chocolate balls and I really
want them now I just tried Ingrid's in
there quite a mess and fresh strawberry
can I try the people you gotta mix it in
some amazing I got the mango I remember
the healthy I'm not going to try them
because I'll just be angry that I didn't
get them I got the mango with mochi and
kiwi because I'm being I did you what
did you get her with you yeah well you
can do it again yeah so I'm going to eat
this now and I'll see you later
delete your blogging guys we're all in
different spots guys what did you get
don't pull up ends
Alyson got the chocolate balls I didn't
get the chocolate balls and I really
want them now I just tried ingress in
there that looks like a mess in fresh
strawberry can I try the people you
gotta mix it in something amazing I got
the mango I'm a healthy I'm not gonna
try them because I'll just be angry that
I didn't get them I got the mango with
mochi and kiwi because I'm being I did
you what did you get part with you what
yeah so I'm gonna eat this now and I'll
see you later
hey guys so I just realized I totally
did not finish vlogging today and like
left a really random moment when we were
going to the Beverly Center so like it's
really difficult because obviously I've
been with well today I've been with
Ingrid Allison and here and we've all
been vlogging so I didn't really want
like all of our folks to be exactly the
same so we've been trying to vlog a
little bit like a different times during
the day so if you want to see like more
of what we did for dinner and like
shopping and stuff then go and check out
all of that channel so I'm sure you guys
know them but they'll all be listed
below anyway just for you guys if you
don't know them yeah that's pretty much
it I'm gonna go to bed now since
actually leaving like really really
early tomorrow morning um kind of like
in the middle of the night so it's our
last night with her which is really sad
and then I'm not sure what the plan is
tomorrow so I'm hoping I can sleep
tonight I had a really really bad
night's sleep last night
I like fell asleep at I made it to one
o'clock in the morning I was like so
impressed with myself I thought I would
be like falling asleep at the dinner
table but I made it to 1:00 in the
morning and then I went to bed I slept
for like an hour and then I woke back up
I'm like went to the bathroom and then
went to sleep for half an hour I woke
back up again for a bit went to sleep
for half an hour and just I ended up
waking up like fully at like 6 so
I've had like a few hours of like really
disturbed sleep and I'm just really
tired so I'm hoping tonight I'll sleep I
actually took a sleeping pill as well so
and it's the first like an actual
sleeping pill I've taken so I'm a bit
nervous that I like won't wake up so if
you guys don't see me tomorrow then I'll
have stayed asleep from sleeping pill
consumption yeah and Alison's just got
out of the shower use by it's like the
last time you'll think I say I'm really
awkward I like shove a camera in your
face I try to get out but yeah that's
pretty much it for today I will see you
guys all tomorrow
