hi guys so it's vlog Angelis day 2 and I
always want to say vocalist it's the
second video and I keep on being like
don't say homestead was 10 seconds but
I'm just on my way to is it day - if you
don't even got there yet because I did
one yesterday cuz I've missed vlogging
him I wanted to vlog like packing and
stuff so yeah I was cheating I did one
early but I'm sure it's better than not
doing one on the first day and cheating
the other way around right so you
suppose so d
yeah baby so we're just on my way to the
airport and it seems so early in the
morning but it's 7 o'clock and London
right now I guess because it's dark but
there's just no one it's like totally
dead but 7 isn't that early I guess so
but it does seem very very early and
we're off to the airport Mike's driving
me because he's lovely
that's alright I'm sure most people like
a stay at this time in the morning I
meant to say no you don't miss day I do
juicers alright yeah
so you gonna miss me how much just a
little tiny bit I just said goodbye to
Whoopi oh the road is closed
oh no it's not yeah I just say goodbye
to Whoopi and that was very sad because
she's currently having a phantom
pregnancy so she she's a little bit
emotional and she cries a lot and it's
really sad and I hate leaving her cuz
Mike's not very good with her he's like
I'll be quiet worth don't really crying
about what Whoopie yeah so it's pretty
much here Jerry haven't much else to say
not feeling too poorly all good all good
have you got anything else to say not
much there's not any final last words
before else words before the foreign
monsters any make sure you and Ingrid
have a bit of fun I'm Alison she's only
one day yeah sure I will yeah well I
will see you guys on the other side or
maybe in the airplane depending on
flogging potential like you I'm saying
thanks to her anything I don't know I
managed to actually upgrade 450 pounds
to Premium Economy which I'm really
excited about because I've never flown
anything other than just bog standard
economy flying and nobody it costs like
over at least over 100 pounds usually as
like 300 but when I was checking it
online
the option came up that was like do you
want premium economy for 50 pounds so I
was like yes because of my seat that I
was allocated before was I right at the
back of the plane which is generally I
don't know whether it's like an old
wives tale but apparently you get ill
they're like all of the germs from the
front of the plane through their
conditioning comes back anyway so I
swapped it for one right in the front on
the aisle so I'm happy I'm a happy bunny
and I will see you you were I'm a happy
camper and I will see you all very soon
goodbye
hi guys so I have arrived in LA and look
who I found and I feel like I'm in your
video it's really surreal like the
planning that goes into a trip like this
and then when it finally happens it's
like oh wow it's actually happening it's
so weird
and then we were just saying as well
they're like it will feel like it's gone
in like five seconds
okay excited when I get hit then I'm
also sad that it'll be over in like two
minutes but we're just gonna go and grab
some kind of late lunch and go for a
little mosey around yeah anything right
you brought your thing to get size right
yes it would blow me an amazing amazing
birthday present them my birthday was in
July but you sent me a present than in
year and it got lost in the post it
necklace that got lost and in stares at
the camera no you also get out of my bag
instead I got her a watch which I won
seven so long yeah I'm like no even if I
had remembered last year when we were in
New York for IMATS she really wanted a
Michael Kors watch but she ended up
getting the Marc Jacobs yeah instead so
I made a mental note of that she got me
thinners I can't see cuz this crease
throw around yeah so this is upside down
this is my a
amazing amazing new watch that ingre
gave me for my birthday and we're going
to go and get it sized I don't know
we're at the Michael Kors shot yeah so
that's really exciting and apart from
that I'm not feeling too bad
jet lag wise I'm a bit hyper excited
we'll see how it goes later we're gonna
watch The Vampire Diaries yes Alice
who's being quiet in the back I still
can't get over how blond you are if you
can't blunder like recently as well but
more pathologist takes a lot of time to
pull all of the dark die out yeah it's
like continually fading it's like really
blunt I think you're it like longer than
me absolutely similar yeah I love it I
think it looks awesome but yeah this is
what la looks like at the moment
palm trees it's actually like so nice
yeah this guy this I was hoping that the
weather would be really nice like this
while you were out here because I was
worried when a few days before Alison
came it was just big yeah like oh my
gosh I wouldn't have find it like I like
i was saying before like i didn't really
I wasn't coming for like a holiday like
a sunny holiday I was more just like a
social visit
yeah but it's awesome because the sun is
shining yeah anyway yeah I'm gonna stop
vlogging now see you guys later so I'm
about to die of jetlag exhaustion right
now so I thought I'd better finish off I
was gonna say vlogging with some I then
remember this vlog Angelis day two now
before I pass out on the bed and just to
show you that we're having a very
sociable gathering here in increase
apartment with her vlogging bar going on
right here and what's what's the
pentacle Candida hurt yeah that's it I
forgot I forgot in my jet lag state of
mind but Allison stole his chair so I
actually can I sleep with him tonight
maybe it couldn't come we put like
in here like this he would be so cuddly
yeah look at his little face it's
actually really comfortable to like sit
between his legs
Oh pandas been violated
did I tell you but yeah we're just
waiting for Joey to come over is his
name gray suffer or gray sefar receta
Graceffa yeah I always wondered yeah
he's coming over and we're gonna watch
Vampire Diaries but you can tell by my
eyes like how look at them look they're
just they're not in a good state right
now and I have black Amish
yeah I'm slightly delirious right now so
I thought I would finish off vlog and
release day two and I'll see you
tomorrow for a better vlog hopefully and
I'll be a little bit more awake and
maybe film some exciting stuff rather
than just me like this close to my face
in English car like yeah so we'll see
you tomorrow bye
