hey guys so it's vlog Angelis day one
it's actually a day before I go to LA
and I honestly like just had this
overwhelming urge to do a vlog it's so
strange and I can't even explain it but
I kind of got addicted to vlogging
during vlogmas and my vlog channel was
always kind of I don't know I like when
I set up I was kind of unsure about what
I was gonna put on there I never really
had like a focus of the kind of stuff
that I did or and I wasn't really kind
of regular either with uploading videos
what is like trying to dig roof what do
you think you're doing woof are you
comfy obviously just getting comfortable
but anyway there wasn't really like a
kind of routine that I was in or
anything and I just felt like it wasn't
really kind of going anywhere and then I
did vlog this and I enjoyed it so much
like I honestly I feel like a part of my
day isn't there if I don't vlog is so
weird so anyway I'm back vlogging before
I go to LA it's gonna be flog Angelis
day 1 anyway just because I wanna fall
because I miss you guys
so I just thought I would show you the
absolutely insanely huge amount of mess
that I've made of the spare room whilst
I'm packing so as you can see how my
clothes there and I've just been I just
had my hair done so I did some shopping
which I'll show you in a minute
I have my light and then a whole pile of
stuff from when I was filming a video
some of my stuff that I'm packing I have
worth and then I have two suitcases like
either side of the bed they were on the
bed but I moved them for this little
monster
but yeah and I just wanted to show you
guys as well my suitcase is already half
full of presents which seems a little
crazy but I have like let me see this is
Allison's Christmas present and then I
have Ingrid's Christmas present
and then I have kind of like a
housewarming present for Ingrid as well
splasher like thanks for having me
because she's having me stay for like 10
days and then they also have Ingrid's
birthday present too because it's not
her birthday till February but the last
couple of packages I sent over to her
got lost which sucks and I just thought
I would take it over with me by early
and then whatever so my desk is also a
huge mess I'm just editing the videos
that I just filmed
one of them which is what I'm have to
think at the moment is what's in my bag
this is obviously in my bag my baby and
so that will be up I think maybe at the
weekend or early next week I'm gonna
upload that when I'm in LA and then
there should be a what was it 2011
favorites video going up today so make
sure you guys check that out anyway I
just got back from getting my head on
today as well if you guys like I just
had my roots done
I don't had I shouldn't have a little
bit cut I had like the little fringy bit
here cut a little bit shorter so that it
wasn't so kind of long just like that
there so yeah I'm nothing special
nothing different but I did if you guys
can't tell my own voice I'm getting a
little bit of a cold like ah I started
sniffling you know that little tingly
feeling that you get in the back of your
nose right before you get a cold well I
got that last night and I was literally
like no way am I being ill for the 11
hour flight to LA like it's just not
cool
so today hey and I'd obviously like I'm
just hoping that it's a cold because it
could just be a cold but my mom has also
been really really ill over Christmas
like the kind of ill way you're in bed
for like three days so I'm just praying
that it isn't that illness this is like
the first thing that I've had it so at
the moment it just feels like a cold
like I don't feel too ill but just in
case I went to boots um I did a mega
stock up of all kind of drugs so I have
like a ridiculous amount with I have
everything for all eventualities on the
plane in case I get really ill so I've
got them sick map lens hip LM sick hem
suit max day and night cold and flu so
you know every eventualities daytime or
nighttime and then I also bought the
lemp's of drinks just in case I fancy
drinking them although I don't really
like the lemsip
drinks they kind of taste horrible but
just in case you know I feel like kind
of make you feel better if you're a bum
duck drinking hot liquid I got two
packets of Baraka because they were on
three for two and then like the vitamins
were on 350 so I got Baraka like the
original one which I'm gonna leave here
for Mike but then there's a new flavor
which is mixed berries flavor which I
haven't tried before and if you guys
don't know what brokkr is I'm not sure
if Izzy
thing I'm pretty sure you don't have in
the States it's pretty much like the
English or wherever it's from European
whatever version of airborne so it's
like multivitamin and I don't think they
really work I think it's more of SIBO
but you know vitamins are good so mixed
berry I'm going to try that so I'm going
to be drinking like three of those a day
or something trying to keep my cold it
babe not really I'm only drinking three
a day they taste great and then I've got
aa trevean nasal spray in case I get a
blocked up nose because this is good for
clearing your nose and then I've got
strepsils for sore throat and cough in
case I get a sore throat and a cough I
think I wonder if they can stop me in
customs and be like you have too many
drugs I think that's it for the drugs oh
wait no I also got zinc tablets because
that's what you do for your immune
system as well so when you're taking
zinc and Baraka today to try and keep my
cold at bay and stop it from being a
cold which kind of sucks but then I also
got three packets of my favorite so
glory face wipes because they were three
for two in Boots and they're normally
expensive they're like four pounds a
pack which is a lot for face wipes but
when they're on 350 then they're itchy
for so I kind of stocked up on them for
the next few months and also I need the
Sun to take with me as well because I'm
just out and then I got a new sally
hansen insta-dry which I forgot I left
it at my sister's house but mine was
like laughs empty anyway so but I knew
one of those I got a new hand food which
I'm run out of which is amazing best
hair game ever and then I got some nail
files I found I didn't realize that she
sold these in Boots
but the matchstick nail files they sell
my boots for a pound and they're so
useful to have in your handbag so I got
a few of those and then I got a couple
of nail varnishes as well I went crazy
and Boots today I bought my first ever
Sally Hansen completes our manicure
polish from England like I have a few of
these that Ingrid's actually giving me
or sent me over the last couple of years
but this is the first time I've actually
seen them like my arm is seriously
hurting from this vlogging it's like
going numb
yeah it's like the first time I've seen
these in England like in a boots because
normally like my local bitch isn't very
big so I went to a bigger boots today
and I got pedal to the metal which is
this
really gorgeous lilac kind of shimmery
metallic color which I just thought was
really cool I really like the name as
well I thought it was quite funny and
then I also got another Oreo cabana boy
which looks like this focus which will
be going in a giveaway on my website
either today or tomorrow so keep your
got to keep your guys open keep your
eyes open for that if you want to win
that cuz I'm like obsessed with this
color at the moment so I want to go on
for a giveaway and then I actually did a
little bit of shopping to surprise
surprise
I'm like this is probably not a good
angle for like being flattering but my
arm hurts so I'm gonna talk like this
yeah surprise surprise I do have a bit
of a shopping problem if you guys didn't
know that already but I it's my friend
Lisa's birthday tomorrow and I got her
up a couple of gifts I hope she doesn't
watch this if you're watching this place
you switch off now but I thought I would
show you guys what I got her cuz I
actually really liked them I got her
this scarf these are both from River
Island both are things like all her
which is like pink and stripes all mixed
together which I really like I think it
looks nice it's kind of screwed up
because it's been in the bag but kind of
would look like this on or not look like
that on yes I got her that and then I
found this amazing bag in the sale and
there were a ton of them left it was
like the last dregs of the sale it was
hardly anything in it and there were a
load of these left and they were a
really good deal so I got her this it's
like a metallic silvery leather bag and
she's still at uni so I thought it'd be
great for using for like uni books and
stuff if she likes carries loads of
books they might know she's doing the
same course I did so not at the same uni
but she's doing geography like I did and
them I know you have to read a lot of
books so I thought you might find that
useful so I hope she likes them and then
I did get one other thing for myself
unashamedly something I've just wanted
for ages and it's a hoodie from super
dry and there's actually there's a story
behind the city I'm gonna put it on the
bed let's see what were things for 30
there's a story behind the city because
basically I saw it in Verbier and
Switzerland when we were skiing in a
shop and it was a hundred and fifty
chuff's which
is like a hundred pounds so I went
online at the time I was like it can't
be a hundred hundred pounds in England
because super dry hoodies they're
expensive but they're just not that
expensive so yeah I went in and it was
sixty so I got it I was kind of like
umming and ahhing cuz I mean it's just
after Christmas and I'm just going out
to go to LA but you know when something
you see just like you can't like I've
looked at it a few times in the shop and
I just I just couldn't oh my god whoops
polemic use face I have to turn the
camera round like do you like it were
but this is the hoodie anyway so it's
just like marl gray kind of color it's
super soft and thick and then it says 73
dry super and then it's got this on the
hood like the Christmassy knit pattern
and bright pink I just really loved it
and woof is cute I love youwith and then
it says League on the back which I don't
really know why but it does but I like
that a lot it's really soft I'm gonna
wear on the plane and I've spoken for
ages now
and I've got what I've got not got much
I've not got much else to say I just
felt like vlogging I don't know if this
is a really boring vlog here's me and
worth I might just have a cuddle with
woof and then carry on editing my video
and then I will see you guys tomorrow
for vlog Angelis day 2 which is going to
be the real beginning of log on to these
because that's when I leave but at the
moment I'm just kind of packing and
doing that kind of stuff this is quite a
company vlogging position actually part
in fact that the shadows ain't my strap
my camera strap is like causing weird
shadow I don't know so yeah this is I
might log like this more often
vlogging from bed just like chillin
lying down whoops here that's her bum it
was upset
worried
- yes you good girl good girl or a
naughty girl I need you're a naughty
girl today
cool well I'm gonna go now and cut on my
dog but I will see you guys tomorrow for
a run long plane journey but then
hopefully we're gonna see Ingrid at the
end of it and Alison and it's very very
exciting so I will see you tomorrow bye
