hi guys so I'm back I miss you guys too
much other blog was ended and so I
thought I would film going up north for
New Year my sister has just moved house
and we're going to stay with us first
time everyone we haven't even seen the
house yet so it's very very exciting
oh my cast it's very very exciting and
my tier 2 and we are going to my
sister's new place would be is in the
footwell she doesn't have a huge amount
of space do you offer
you alright down there because the car
is absolutely jam-packed full of stuff
we've got like laptops bags and bags and
bags of stuff to bring the presents man
in the bag the like handle news auntie
oh yeah - because it's New Years Eve so
I would take you with us on our
adventure for New Year and see that I'll
keep you updated on how we get along
we're gonna get lots do you know the way
he knows the way that's good cuz I have
no idea we'll see you guys later
so just arrived at my sister and her
husband this new place and Hannah's been
baking for human baking ham
you actually look like a midget in this
kitchen because the units are so wide
exceed it like a kids you don't want to
be on film can I do the back of your
head
Hannah's not real well you may see me
looking like I'm doing my stuff I'm
you're making soup what can't see well I
click around this morning did you hit
very realistic and you've got a bit of
tea tray going home and I'm fine
lemon meringue pie it's bit neat for
lemon Ryan isn't it looks a bit I don't
know but I don't want to eat that to
about this yeah feed it to my good idea
and then in here stay spiky oh look at
you say hello say hi what are you on
your chin stinky boy you're on your chin
what we're gonna do chill on the scooter
right scooter where's the scooter
where's the scooter what's that on this
is spike scooter that you got Christmas
you gonna show everyone how you go on
the scooters B to show everyone get
those feet on we go ah none of you
noticed that how he goes ah a little
uneven floor so for me Wow
oh and we stopped yeah
stop stop stop
who's been gonna listen you show me
boots it would be hello what are you
doing putting stuff away
Madhu's oh how rude i wonder he to mlc
will see dancing do dances be forgot
also whilst I'm sitting here with my
delightful little nephew but cutie is
that I'm thinking about doing a kind of
mini like semi vlogmas type saying when
I'm in LA but I need to decide on a name
what to call it
I was thinking vlog Angelis or maybe
vlogger for Nia Oh are there any
suggestions coming from the room la la
vlog mmm don't overload loss responsible
hold hands
mama here she's on their looks he saw
you on the monastery good one yeah so if
you have any amazing suggestions that
you think we should call that's Webber
that's me that's you yeah we have a new
suggestion then let me know we're going
to the sea would speak
here we go to the seaside space can you
say seaside seaside it's not a speed
first time is this please first time to
the seaside in England whoa first I
haven't been to the seaside in England
for a long time but it's Whoopi's first
time ever to the beach so we're very
excited to see how she does at the beach
and how about a little scenic view
a bit of a splash the Jolly de Sun
setting yeah it's pretty good
so I've got to say that the beach trip
was probably the biggest disappointment
of the year so far which is saying a lot
because it is the last day of the year
it was not very good because we came at
the wrong time so we're going to the pub
drown our sorrows not really we just go
to the pub for drink and then we are
going to have a big dinner and I've got
a sweet UI mouth I'm talking about funny
talking about it real mouthful why
should you think of the beach well um it
was there wasn't much much sea water no
there was no water lots and lots of
murder yeah
times out and what do you love
you see all the doggies there's all
these funny little holiday Chalet type
things along here the only thoughts at
moment I think we all ready for tell me
right near to Grimsby new to Grimsby and
it's really funny like I didn't realize
that there was so many of these little
cherish it's really weird look at this
one this one looks like a little
gingerbread house yeah that's pretty
much it for the beach trip bit miserable
but like I said before let me know what
you want me to call the America vlog
because that will probably have better
beaches if we go to the beach there will
be longer there but well he won't be
there to see them I'll be with me this
is the problem I can't do it with me to
a nice beach because there's no nice
beaches in England really because the
weather there is bad perfume yeah there
are really nice beaches but we don't
live near a PhD research oh well catch
you later
