hi guys Merry Christmas it's Christmas
morning and mike has got the best
present ever
he's got a rock or machine so we're
making waffles for Christmas breakfast
fare waffles how are you gonna do it
what do you do please leave face a bit
boil
crank that back up to just get the heat
going get it nice and hot that's getting
the heat go I'm going to get my little
waffle batter how do you make the batter
as it is complex mix but basically eggs
flour milk with a bit of baking soda
okay we need to really crank this up
that's so tasty I've just been eating
this one right it's not very traditional
Christmas breakfast but we like it
we've come from America Nationals yeah
pour it in Wow
don't let anything go to waste by coming
out this every day yes this is like
Gordon's approval so Gordon Ramsay
waffle maker then shut the lid click the
handle give it a bit of let's hey presto
and then here's what I did earlier they
don't look great appetizing we need some
like maple syrup spiked spikes having a
try and this is my granny speeds not
feeling very well are you see Merry
Christmas and all the dog what's the
water like my new pajamas is it tasty
that's so good aren't they I think
that's a wrap for Christmas day guys but
it is the end of vlogmas it is the end
of blog myths oh we should do the table
this is how many I'm going to show you
guys how many people we have for
Christmas Christmas lunch right now well
about right now but we're going to
this is an extra special table crafted
from many other tables but we basically
have 26 people for dinner and these are
my crackers these are my homemade
crackers on the table there's a few odd
ones because I kind of ran it up but
that is it for vlogmas guys thank you so
much for sticking with me for the last
25 days I'm looking a bit rough right
now because I'm in my pajamas I just
woke up but it's Christmas Day so it's
all good I hope you guys all had a very
very Merry Christmas and I will still be
logging in the new year there's some
exciting stuff happening I'm going to LA
to visit Ingrid or miss Pam ROTC on the
6th so I'll definitely be vlogging a lot
from there but I will see you all very
soon and I hope you guys all had a very
Merry Christmas
