good morning guys welcome to vlogmas day
16 it is 16 no yes
16 and get ready for the Christmassy
jingle
today we are driving back home we have
my boot it's actually full of stuff I've
been like collecting things at the flat
for the past like how long have you know
but not for like two months
clubbing so yeah the car being down here
is a big opportunity to get all of my
crap back up and I feel like this is our
drive home for Christmas you know
they're driving home for Christmas
yeah that moment is now for us because
this is like my last time kind of
working not at home before Christmas so
I'm working at home when we get home
today and then next week but then after
Thursday we go up north we're going to
visit Mike's family and yeah so it's
basically Christmas we listen to the
Christmas tunes we've got the Starbucks
the dogs are in the boot making noise
I've got a soy chai tea lastly with two
shots I don't know if it was a mistake
to put two shots in the dirty chai
Mike's got a panel shockula and a hot
chocolate because he's just all the
sugar for Christmas all that sugar so we
get home to discover in the last couple
of days Mike's created a little bit of
mess we got a spanking new fridge oh my
goodness
basically piglet is causing a ruckus in
the bathroom basically the old fridges
that were in here this is the other one
this is the old fridge have been here
for a very long time and they're leaking
so they're causing all sorts of issues
down here so what two new fridges have
an infant back they need fitting in and
Mike's an DIY and then you're winning
it looks free freakily fresh the new
fridge I will sort out the hand that
goes between there and here she doesn't
like crossing from the stone to the wood
you can do it Oh
someone at the door to have come into
the fitting room to wrap my Christmas
presents mercy in the other room doing
the fridge because I don't think he'll
come in squiddy's being really weird
though he's like following me around
everywhere and like sitting behind me
being very odd and
normally she's really clingy to Mike but
not that clingy to me
not entirely sure why now she went with
the camera or anything there's Mike's
pile of presents let's do this guy's
five hours later mic is still somewhere
behind this fridge good and this is the
second day of fridge fitting as well
what that door next to it is also a
fridge yes this is just the first half
yeah your your um your efforts are
gallant and admirable your staying power
is strong sussed it basically the two
hinges have been fighting against each
other so it's half tasting wears now
remove the hinges so it's working the
only problem is got a little bit ugly
marks on the other side Rangers used to
be so I might put the hinges back in but
not attach them so it still looks okay
something like that anyway okay we'll
see see motor skills show Paulo I think
MDF may have finally actually finished
the fridge just a little bit of mess the
second one it went in in under two hours
I mean lightning speed lightning speed
music a job well done
check out for dinner I don't know but I
don't really fancy cooking new you know
but I got three goes onions to cook Oh
God I think that tomorrow maybe a
takeaway I am writing our Christmas
cards whilst listening to festive music
I've run out of my fav sparkly ones what
the dogs see any food dogs
these ones are my second favorite cards
I actually really like them I got in
great race today merry and bright and
Noel which I always think is really
funny and I always wish I knew someone
called null but I don't healthy eating
is out the window tonight guys got a gin
and tonic
sweet and sour prawns Singapore noodles
crispy shredded beef prawn crackers
you've got beer prepping for the party
tomorrow Friday night in with new
fridges installed new fridges are
installed we could work you so my hair
has definitely looks better but I've
only got one arm and I'm vlogging on it
because the other one is holding on to
this little fluff
we're in the sitting room and we're
watching Scrooged never seen it before
it's got Bill Murray in it and it was
made the year I was born
let's take a look I'm actually also
gonna fall asleep because I'm so tired I
have been rapping yes I have piglet I've
been rapping almost everything I've got
my quiet presence left around I pretty
much nailed a piglet I pretty much
nailed it what do you think of that he
happy to be home
what was that you're happy to be home by
you yeah this little face such a
ridiculous dog surprise surprise guys I
fell asleep
whilst on the sofa last night just
general sofa narcolepsy film narcolepsy
I just like sleeping what can I say
that's gonna be it for today join us in
tomorrow's vlog for party fun because
today / in tomorrow's vlog which I'm
gonna vlog is our Christmas party mdf is
getting a chef on I've been making beds
and yeah Oh Christmas party we have it
every single year and it's my favorite
favorite favorite one see you tomorrow
