hi guys it's vlogmas day 24 it's
christmas eve it's finally here and i'm
at one one towers now and we're just
about to go to church and do some carol
singing and then head to the pub to see
everybody and i just thought i would
show you the tree and all of the
presents there is a see because
everybody's brought their presents for
today and I'm very excited and I'm gonna
go to church now I'll be back in it and
yeah I'm just gonna go to church now and
I will hopefully do a little bit of
filming later I'm not entirely sure what
I'll be able to film today because um
it's been a little bit hectic
here's Mike happy Christmas Eve Merry
Christmas Eve are you feeling festive
you coming to church sing carols with me
come on
you ready might smell bad backs babe
okay guys I'm back again and we just got
back from church which was interesting
wasn't it like we got there we actually
only we were only two minutes late but
the church is really really busy so we
walked in
we had to stand by the door and we took
my sister's little baby spike and he
started crying and it was it just well
he halfway through he had to leave so it
all got a little bit hectic and then the
all the kids from the church went to the
front and son what are they saying
twelve days of Christmas I never knew
the words and it was just really awkward
and quite funny hits well well it's got
us in the festive mood and we just on
our way to Lucy's house to have a drink
and wish everybody looked a bit Brompton
sorry my text driving is just so crazy
we're on our way to Lucy's house to go
wish everybody a very Merry Christmas
and then we are heading home to have a
fish pie at home it's just yes not very
first to visit but yeah I like fish by
my mum makes really yeah I don't know if
I'm going to do any more blog because
she didn't feel very well tonight I am
I am bit tired from yesterday because I
woke up really early at 6:30 I just you
know we just can't sleep and it was kind
of annoying I was like I need sleep
we've got to bed at like 2:00 so I
haven't had much sleep I'm really tired
and I feel a bit of a cold coming on
like a bit stiffly so I think we're just
going to have a chill one in front of
the fire tonight
then get Red Rock watching a horrible no
mic and then get ready for Santa to come
because it's Christmas Eve yeah so I
will see you all tomorrow and I hope you
all have a fantastic Christmas day I
will be blogging tomorrow for the last
day of vlogmas I actually said to start
with I was gonna do the end of the month
but I didn't realize actually vlogmas is
kind of meant to be just until Christmas
so I'm going to stop tomorrow I'm pretty
tired as well to be honest it's really
tiring doing vlogmas because you
couldn't lose a bit of sleep it's kind
of crazy but yeah so the christmas day
vlogmas will be up probably very late
today or early on Boxing Day so I hope
you all have a fantastic Christmas if
you celebrate it and get some lovely
presents and eat lots of tasty food and
spend time with your family so I will
see you all tomorrow
lots of love very good sighs what do you
say that very first
