hi guys it's flog mustaine 23 and it's
the day before Christmas Eve yay or much
Christmas is like Christmas Evie and
we're all is trying to attack me Jonna
be in the video Crowley will be in the
video with me she loves being in videos
and I have just got ready to go too
maybe she doesn't want to be in a tiara
she to go to Mike's parents Christmas
party
and I thought I would do a very quick
outfit of the day to show you what I'm
wearing and Dodge is filming say hi
Dodge and don't use the help of the days
in a Christmas jumper this is a script
for Mike's parents mrs. Barclays
tradition is to wear for the boys to
wear Christmas jumpers and a girl's
dress up so I am wearing this little
black dress which is from Rhys last
Christmas I got it from my sister
actually for Christmas I actually wore
it in an outfit of the day for New Year
last year as well which went up on
English Channel if any of you guys are
over that videos same dress and I have
this little gold sparkly belt from mango
it's just some nude pumps and gold gold
red sparkly nails and then all my makeup
all this information bar below I'm
wearing the new Chanel foundation which
I just did or if you want I'll put a
link here for you guys to go and check
out if you want to see it and then I
waved my hair using the in rapture in
rapture something rollers I'll put a
link and information table which are
really good so that's what I'm wearing
and I'm going to take you along with me
because I know this is desperate to be
in tonight's video as well so I will see
you in a bit
right now ultimate the question is a
favor
baby my baby my
number three do you like to stay in your
PJs
holiday
named Lucy will love it
you named all of Santa's reindeer
Oh
number eight favorite vomiting crew
obviously
yes take them back to base
chuckles oh yes
okay Oh
or do you fail this way
appreciate ya
