hi guys vlogmas day 22 and it's getting
very close to Christmas I'm just
chilling at my parents house
today we have been doing a little bit of
last-minute Christmas shopping me and my
mum went in tables a little bit
basically we found out that we have
another six more people than we thought
we had so it was obviously a total
disaster on the DIY Christmas cracker
front and I had to go find more DIY
Christmas crackers so we ended up
looking for as well so this one this is
mum mum goes way over the top in
Christmas you have to understand that
she has like five trees so this is the
little tree and then above the fire
there's also a really really awesome I
have a big traditional Christmas tree
fan so it doesn't look cooler and then
in here very Christmassy packages
get away from it I don't know Freddie
Freddie Franklin probably a few more
logs on the fire my no filming on the go
tis a general part of your world vlog
miss is different this is not about me
do you have a bit of an issue
around Christmastime is all the birthday
messages Thanks
she's had lays yesterday's problems what
is copyright in theory I think yeah I
think this copyrighted but like Warner
Brothers is in love that maybe well I'm
pretty sure happy birthday is
copyrighted by love yeah but regardless
but because it's like I died I remember
even singing it ons asleep Island your
mum I think some kind of roasted either
the meat looked white I think is pork
it's got roast
Katie's no baby yes I've just been on
the phone with mrs. Schumann if it is
but I've just been on the phone with her
and she's desperate to be envelope miss
tomorrow because she's seen that all of
the other guys when we were skiing
she's very jealous that she's missing
out so I'm gonna do a little bit of
filming at Mike's parents Christmas
party tomorrow night so I'll see you all
tomorrow for vlogmas day 23 and guess
what it's nearly Christmas badly behaved
dog has just finished a plate worthy dog
ever
