hi guys so it's vlogmas day 21 and we've
just got home from 12 hour or I think it
was actually 13 hour car journey back
from Switzerland and we're home and I
just thought I would film this because
it's really funny um Mike who's been
driving for 12 hours has literally I
think he's just died come on back the
way they were
Mike yeah are you tired he is worth his
birthday today everybody
we haven't sung true sing happy birthday
to day to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear whoopee happy
birthday to you yeah 83 how does it feel
to be three worth the same as it did me
too hey hey you glad we're home oh she's
so cute I've missed her so much
whoa happy birthday whoop
she's having a proper cuddle like I on
Randy and everything anyway so it's only
like it's like half 10 right something
along those lines so I've decided that
I'm going to wrap Christmas presents now
because tomorrow is going to stretch the
light on in here sorry we have
energy-saving light so they take a few
minutes to actually light up tomorrow is
gonna be really really busy so I'm gonna
wrap some Christmas presents now and
write some Christmas cards because we
got home to the biggest pile of posts
and Christmas cards a lot of it was
stuff I ordered online actually a few
presents and then I also ordered an
outfit from rescind the sale when I was
away for a Christmas party that might
explain the day after tomorrow and the
skirt I got I really wanted for ages it
had like sequins on it but it doesn't
fit it's too big so and then sold out of
the smaller size to I'm just a nuisance
but um so I'm gonna have to send that
back so I'm gonna have to find something
else to wear to that but that's
something else but now I'm going to wrap
some prayers
and this this is what was left of all my
kind of Christmas present I did wrap a
few before I went and there's also these
were all the prizes these last two bags
are all the prizes from my Christmas
giveaways I'm going to take these
downstairs and then I'm gonna write my
Christmas cards and everybody's been
saying that my vlogmas are always really
short but if you're honest I've been so
busy at the last moment you have been
away for the last week so it's been kind
of a mission to film and you know now I
guess there's not too much going on I
think these two are still out for the
count tonight it's such a mess in house
as well it's just totally insane I'm
trying to think of other things to show
you oh one thing that I did get we go
downstairs and show you this I managed
to find you guys if you watch my beauty
videos on a regular basis we'll know
that I'm totally totally obsessed with
Chanel foundation which I'm not really
foundation title might be else itself
but the new Chanel foundation which to
perfection Lumiere comes out in January
in the UK and I was really really
excited about it and I found it in
French duty-free its release there
already I'm pretty sure it's come out
and most of the rest of the world
already but I found it a French TV
Freight on the way back tonight and I
bought it so I'm really excited to try
this and I'll be doing a review probably
I think I'm going to do like an opening
of it and I'd first try I'm going to
film that and then wait the whole day
and see how it wears and then do a
review on it hopefully tomorrow I'm
sorry there haven't been that many um
it's on the side sorry there haven't
been that many videos on my main channel
over the last couple of weeks like with
going away and vlogmas and everything
it's just been absolutely mental busy
and there's just stuff everywhere
as you can see like all of our luggage
we need to unpack Mike's keys my light
from what I'm filming in here the other
day all the Christmas decorations are
still out I'm going to switch the
Christmas tree I'm gonna switch the
lights on there the presence that I've
wrapped already underneath there but um
I need to still need to do a few more so
yeah that's pretty much it for vlogmas
day 21 I am yeah I feel really weird I
should have found in the car today but I
kind of slept missed away and we watched
a couple of movies and it kind of went
really fast it went a lot faster than
the way out
so I'm looking really messy my hair is
just insane but that's it pretty much
that's what we've been doing today not
very exciting one tomorrow should be
better I'm thinking I'm gonna do the
Christmas tiger I got tagged in by
rachhloves tomorrow because I'm seeing
Lizzy who you guys might remember from
my Halloween videos that I did round
Halloween she's back in the area for
Christmas so I'm hopefully going to see
her and I might film that tag with her
if she wants to do it so if I should see
her tomorrow afternoon it's just why I'm
doing Christmas wrapping today because
I'm going hopefully going shopping with
my mom and my cousin tomorrow it'd be
nice to see my mom because I haven't
really seen her in a week since I got
back from Florence so be nice to see her
and then hopefully I'm also seeing this
in the afternoon I probably won't have
time to wrap all my presents because the
day after that is the party so I need to
kind of get everything ready for that
and it's Christmas so I'm Philipp this
vlog doesn't even make any sense just me
like tour camera and looking at the
camera
I'm just very disorientated but that's
pretty much it I'm gonna get some
presents from upstairs and I also left
my drink upstairs I'm really really
thirsty say the Christmas tree lights
are flashing they're not meant to be on
this setting I don't like Christmas tree
flashy lights I like them when they're
just on all the time it's kind of
annoying they just kind of come on and
off anyway yeah I'm gonna go back
upstairs and say goodbye to Whoopi
probably was her birthday we totally
forgot until we got back and then we
realized it's her birthday she was born
what four days before is my sister 21st
four days to go here they are I think
they're both asleep now he's sleeping
he's sleeping with these four and a half
asleep little Wolfie
okay guys so sorry this one's been a bit
of a slow one but just keeping you
updated on like
I'm doing a hotel there's nothing made
up because yeah I just been talking
about rubbish for the last five minutes
but I hope you guys are all having a
great day and I'll see you tomorrow for
vlogmas day 22 bye
