hi guys let's plug this day 20 and
today's conditions are a little bit
worse than yesterday as you might be
able to see or as you might be able to
not see visibility pretty bad not very
good but we're still going for it
Sally hello Jeff Tommy hey so who
decided to go the wrong way then you
look Barry this is Luke's video of the
day Luke is going to show us how to jump
the most ridiculous look there we go
I know you can quite get it but there's
your snow angel but Luke's gonna show us
how to get off if she's getting in the
way all right
the oil boy
Oh
I didn't really work as we anticipated
everyone just dancing so you're gonna do
a snow angel for us where the force is
snow angel snow angel the force
no no what if I know my clean because
yesterday they look like that so them
maybe get out this is what's fallen so
I've just cleaned that right now my snow
chains on and that's what it looked like
about half an hour ago one day I just
spotted the most awesomest Christmas
lights ever they've just been switched
on this is very close to Christmas
probably yeah I think she did but okay
so there's been these little lights on
the bridge this is the bridge one next
to Charlie and there's been these like
little stars on the bridge and all the
Christmas lights them in lip until now
we just saw this and it looks so awesome
it actually made me squeal with
excitement that it was Christmas I
recommend see it and unveiling like the
lights are really cool snowing bridge
snowing and bridge II and it's nearly
Christmas like four days away I'm so
excited I need to wrap all my friends
when I get home asking to be busy busy
I've got a good collect one of the
presents what for me see you later guys
so we're back in the bubble and it's
very dark maybe if I go close to the
window it's not quite dark yet but we're
just heading back up me and Mike have
just been home so a few things is
basically we had a power cut this
morning so I couldn't upload I'm gonna
take this is better so I couldn't upload
blog missed a 19 until this afternoon so
heading back up the mountain now to meet
everybody for a drink because it's our
last night and we're going home tomorrow
which is bright but we've had a good
time you had a good time like cold and
tired I'm so tired yeah Mike has later
do you know tell everyone what happened
they'll see why yeah we might have some
footage of what happened earlier it
involved deep snow and having to take my
skis off oh yeah I missed it oh my god
yeah I think I'll probably before that
same life you seen it it was very funny
yeah so we're just gonna go for a drink
and then we're heading home to have some
chili con carne they're cooking tonight
yeah I think Jamie I'm not sure probably
my worst meal of all time do you not
like that
hey oh no I don't know we're gonna have
to get you something else buy you a
pizza or something
Oh Mike doesn't like beans it's a fight
Carla that's just the life and it looks
quite cool behind me yes so we're just
heading back up the mountain
and then we're heading home really early
tomorrow I'm not sure what I'm gonna do
tomorrow in terms of vlogging I might do
rachhloves tagged me in there it's the
most long it's the most wonderful tag of
the year that's what it was called I
knew it was like something along those
lines which is like a Christmas tag so I
might sound that in the car because you
guys don't want to see another like
12-hour car journey because it's the
same journey as before so I might do
that tomorrow and then I'll be home and
it will be Christmas that's about it
just boring you lie so yeah that's
pretty much it it was today was meant to
be
Luke's own vlog day but he kind of like
wimps out on doing it so he was in it a
little bit so I'm sorry for you guys who
voted and thumbs up is not actually
really going to do I don't think but he
was still in it anyway for your viewing
pleasure and I'll see if I can get a
shot of him taking his hat off too so
you can see what's underneath that hat
and it's going really dark now so you
can't see me so I'm gonna go I will see
you tomorrow for vlogmas day 21
ah
everyone on Fleur de force wants to know
what is under that I mean gently bring
them to it you have a nice head of hair
really nice really similar to loose any
kind of battling it's very similar like
no like that
Lola nested there now
I'll tell you what you did wasn't very
well pencil device so that is what's
under the house
got it good
