it's day 19 I don't think you can
recognize me through all this but I
can't take my goggles goggles off
because they seem up so the Sun has come
out in Verbier it might show you still
nobody bearing in mind it's been snowing
straight for the last four days since
we've been here so we are all very very
excited to see some sunshine the snow
today has been absolutely amazing it's
pretty cool I think they must have
feasted last night and there was about
two inches of fresh powder on the slopes
this morning we got up in the lift at
8:40 pretty much very very early we were
keen beans and it was just really
beautiful and now me and Mike have
separated off from the big group and
just having a little bit chilled time
doing some filming because they like to
go fast all the time with no stops and
I'm not very fit so I like it a rest so
we are going to do a little bit of
skiing what have you got to say Mike
anything the camera take the camera yeah
what are you gonna say I'm gonna say
I've had a pretty good day skiing so far
yeah showed us some pro skills now I
don't think yesterday oh yeah obviously
but not doing what James told me yeah
coughing James with this when this with
the swivel hips yeah I think everyone
liked those swivel head yeah so the
mountain is looking really beautiful as
we're to sunshine which is gorgeous we
just had a camera hold on a second fun
filming this guy can we get snow in it I
would just had a massive lunch as well
we stopped and I had a huge bowl of
spagbol and a little bit of mulled wine
were sons has come out over there and it
is bright have a look at that so we're
taking it slow this afternoon and then
we've got my last day tomorrow
and I probably should do a little bit of
filming later as well for vlogmas 19 cuz
we are having a Christmas dinner tonight
boys because Sam and James with
Christmas we're doing a special
Christmas dinner before Christmas exit
because they're going to be we're not on
their own they're gonna be with other
people they live with but they're not
gonna be with their family over
Christmas so we're doing a big Chalet
Christmas dinner and we'll show you that
but we're gonna go ski now so I'll see
you later
the sun's come out again and you can see
Verbier how beautiful it is of the trees
and the village well as village the town
is yes City we didn't actually realize
quite how big Furby it was until now
because we haven't been able to see for
the last four days but it's huge and
we'll see you in a bit on the purple bit
wobbly on the way back down to our
chalet I can't see much because the Sun
so bright it's pretty damn beautiful
outside this is honestly the first time
we've been able to see pretty much
anything I don't know how bright or
can't even see okay maybe that's better
it's the first time we've actually
enough to see like anything at all today
and it's just been amazing look at this
so awesome for everyone was asking about
whether we could do kind of in Verbier
and around and stuff we're not actually
staying like in the center so we're not
we don't really spend a lot of time
walking around doing my SP ski-in
ski-out
but it's actually not that late today
what's time like 303 so normally we
finished by 4 so we're just bit tired
but there's more me yeah because we were
up with a skiing like we've got liftoff
8 so yes and we're going down now to buy
art supplies of course
and there's more trees I'm just obsessed
with trees because I can see something
Budi awesome throw nice kids dad there's
no sweat son we go off it on the other
side there's some beautiful blue sky
actually make them yeah a little bit
clearer there we got some snow inside -
yeah so that is the view from the bubble
and we will see you in a bit again I
feel like I've been doing high by about
five times today yeah Christmas dinner
Thank You chef Mike it's not really like
this kind of my race but
