hi everyone I'm welcome to you mr. 80
and today I enjoy by James oh and we're
doing something a little bit special in
order to celebrate the release all
Chronicle which is placed on the first
of every 2012 we are showing you what we
are thinking carnival are actually
launching a bit of a campaign online
asking all of the UK to send in a video
response to this video showing us what a
new I hit below so we're going to show
you a little bit of a clip right now
what we're capable are from today's here
with the boys you want to find out more
information about the corner video that
it's going to go up soon then check out
youtube.com forward slash Chronicle UK
so here we go can you undo it what are
you capable of falling over what do you
can't pull up I kept it off I think
maybe getting down the mountain if
you're lucky those where you take me
what are you thankful
okay full of anything anything you want
to do would you do
Oh
come in
like what do you guys below
it's best killed about it
so now that you see what we're capable
of I challenge you to make a video
response impose into this video showing
us what you're capable of and if you
want to see more of James Sam and Luke
there's only don't care gomen doing some
crazy stuff on the slicer then they have
their own YouTube channel which is
youtube.com forward slash no fighters
and we will see you tomorrow for blog
website deals
cheers everyone
