hard ones today it's vlogmas day 17 I've
stolen the camera so I'm recording a
couple deep ordered shots initially
after a nice little day second let's get
the older camera lucky in my favour not
looking at me anymore - rates barred in
going to approve the curse toilet paper
but there's some rather posh bridles in
them you got a posh life not very good
so what did you do today then missus
well today I went skiing about this much
I had an amazing ski instructor asked
yeah we much you didn't I did because
it's know how much technical think about
90 centimeters between those 70 to 90
basically you just taught through our
lesson on the black room today what well
it went to be honest you want me to film
you like this tell us all about it guys
you're both in short hair by the way
we're quite prone errors
I t's coming down this coming up this
month my pro instructor in the corner
just give me a couple little tips few
tips what won't were the tips I think I
think James did demonstration of his
separation there's no physical
demonstration Sam was there swivel guys
look at the swivel and then this as well
for absorbing the bumps I hope not he's
not having any more lessons with you and
then why else have you done today 14 cup
of tea actually a very nice we had Luke
made a very tasty carbonara chef Lee are
you ready for your vlogmas whole day you
got a lot of folks you got I think got
like 4000 something thumbs up he's a bit
quiet you're not feeling very well like
I think everyone is coming down with
something
either that or maybe too much alcohol
maybe in this area and I'm like I think
a lot of things are all athletes and
there's also I'm a little bit
disappointed with the team because I
take that seriously is that directed my
direction because I can only go down
with one float before stopping and
passing out yeah well II know that's the
end of log with 17 because we're all
having a very relaxed day night whatever
it is and we'll see you tomorrow for we
have kind of an exciting video planned
more a thanks to James and Sam who has
gone to bed cousin feel very well so
hope we do have the exciting video
tomorrow so we're gonna have that up
tomorrow and it's going to have
hopefully some actual skiing in it
people have been saying like why are you
skiing and not videoing skiing so
hopefully there will be some skiing
tomorrow and I'll because what not
actually see there's too much snow we
got skis so I will see you all tomorrow
for vlogmas 18
