hi guys vlogmas day 16 and today Phillip
bad news there was too much snow on the
mountain so all and two high winds so
all of the lists were shut and we
couldn't go skiing so we spent the day
kind of moseying around Verbier and
doing a little bit of shopping I got
this cool head I forgot this yesterday
but I'll say that I got it's okay
I built this cool headband which is cool
and that is about it so we went out for
lunch now we're back and we are making
mulled wine to get us into a festive
spirits because there is a lot of snow
outside as you can see lots of snow and
Matt is doing his speciality silent Matt
who won't talk his favorite things to
cook there maybe not a speciality mulled
wine so why are you putting in there
red wine she treads the the cheapest red
wine you can find apparently it was what
eight just yeah like five quid way more
yeah in Switzerland they have Swiss
francs and the apps they're kind of like
what's it called when you have this one
no the little abbreviation thing is CHF
so it looks like chef so HR so yeah
we've got some sugar going in here yeah
mouth mine is such a weird idea having
hot wine isn't it this good this is
gonna make the house smell really good
too
how much sugar do poner tablespoons for
now
well I'm worried if I'm filming your
hands to know your face this is gonna
take ages I wish I could help uncork the
bottle but I only got one hand we've got
why are the eggs above the cooker isn't
that it got some bananas
we've got breakfast food up there got
bananas my songs french toast toast
bread photos gold blend
what are you doing Mike potatoes in
curry thinking it's up because we have
Manuel to feed got lots people speed
right what's going in next as long as
this fresh oranges
freshly squeezed from Matt's fair hand
not very fair hand so if you have
another hand you could help me slice
these at that yeah I could I can try and
do it one-handed
I need like a head can like I can I
wonder if I can strap the camera oh you
have to hold the camera for but he's
peeling potatoes are you gonna put them
in these all go anybody have to stick
all the clothes right I can do that with
one hand you can do that you can strap
this to this hand so you just have to
stick these in any I'll wear but let's
go in okay and I can go in this game no
way okay put it flat and then I can do
it one hand about five or six on each
side god this smells so festive clothes
an orange that smell smell if you had
smell can smell smell-o-vision if you
had smell-o-vision right now you would
be feeling so festive this could get a
bit boring vlogmas well can we talk
about and everyone told us there's gonna
be no snow but there's actually too much
snow we can't sit yeah everyone before
we came like my mom was like oh oh going
before Christmas oh you'll have no snow
that is so much snow there's been a
meter of snow in Verbier in the actual
village and that's even before you've
gone up the little families more than
had in the years but I think skiing like
in the next couple of days would be
really good there it'll be amazing we
just got to wait for it to stop skiing
and blowing only up not stop skiing to
stop to stop snowing and blowing and
healing is that Peter we should have
done it like blue Peter
oh look it looks really cool actually
looks kind of weird I've never made
mulled wine before my uncle always makes
it oh what gin yeah cinnamon sticks
that's a that's a nice Christmassy box
of cinnamon sticks to you know laughs
then they go
we put extra cinnamon mm-hmm yeah
actually no maybe my best friend
informal hmm
how much gin deep in wow just a small
measure just a shot or two a shot or six
and then how do we put it you get it so
it's warm you must melt it bubbles if
you don't boy a little obviously all the
alcohol will just disintegrate solvent
makes it taste
all right then it won't be very strong
whole point is to be our column so
should be getting iced tea right we'll
be back with an update on the mulled
wine when it is ready to drink there it
is the finished mulled wine in a very
small pot next to the onion which is not
very appealing
we're cooking a curry dinner Mike's
cooking still this is about two hours
later I'm gonna try it
spritzing the taste test man good pretty
good if I try it
is it home
I worry about that's good that's right
you see though festive I'm feeling
festive right now I'll see you guys
tomorrow
