hi guy says log birthday 15 and today
I'm joined by Luke who is a new addition
to the shallow as of today and we are
going to do a chalet tour and Luke is
going to lead it he's a little bit
camera shy so where are we now Lee we've
got the kitchen here yeah lovely
kitchens rune on it it's a bit of a mess
but we're cooking two heaters tonight is
it is the lovely thing about it though
is how it joins on to the lounge as you
can see i'm sitting in the lounge
everyone guys open boys in their in
their pajamas but that's my without your
phone for that down so where are we
going now entering the lounge so just if
we creep in yeah we've got vanilla Lucy
and everyone knows my mic mic in the
corner Jamie and then a few of the
larger really done an introduction to
everybody but Henry's here is Henry whoa
this is itchy itchy and my mom ever no
everyone knows Mike's everyone knows my
own loves buy Alonzo's we have one of
these fat boy things too is really
useful as you know and there's so many
people around
yeah Joe is brilliant a future show
catalyst yeah like that no that's a bit
of an interesting person got the dining
room is also George tiny'mon trainer ang
on the bathroom other bedrooms and the
bedroom share one niche everyone I go
this way you hang out the first bathroom
really this is your bathroom as message
are you sure sits low booming just have
a sit on the toilet whatever lovely nice
bath everything you can buy at the
market level toilet sink / what more
could you want around here what this is
the boys this is the boys bedroom be
warned approach with caution bunk beds
and which one's your bunk no order so
I'm probably that one cuz I'm a bugbear
so space yeah brick more room for
activities yes so much room exactly look
I mean this brilliant storage space as
you can see ya lots of place to put your
clothes but now yeah another brilliant
room for smelly boys we're back out here
enter again it the girls room this is
this just like an estate agent pissing
into that loads of covers for space and
and the brick wall just the preacher
will bring batteries brings brings it
it's amazing and then if you come on
sleep it is not so yes it's like which
one it is stacy's no EXP no daddy's nice
it's not but no yet lovely ensuite no
yeah that's Hasse room that's it that's
it we're gonna upset ya got stairs oh
holy see a good at their sleep he was
really nervous always running as well as
keep 16v not know me but I've been
skiing all down dude we might
somewhere it's like a wild man the
toilet I kept mass in the shower but
we're doing a tour of the thing if you
largest but hand out why I'd be lovely
really he's got no that would really
matter it's a lovely room anyway yet
we've got this area which is for normal
sized people the end of the room which
is for the yeah that's the challenge
this challenge like me it as you see
it's really really nice makes yes I me
with the interesting Oh bed in the
magician is mass in the bathroom and a
shower you not to hug guys hard enemies
you know if China and in here we got
into your room this is my room your mics
me I I should tailor Cameron you should
you think I should do the tour okay here
we go same as the other room well
there's something special about my left
all of his clothes always follow the
same vertically challenged corner and
there which isn't something me and it's
a bit more of a Japanese kind of hell of
it and this is the bathroom the bathroom
Oh fascias lovely but the shower is made
for tall people shall only go directly
like straight so I'm a bit of a problem
problem to make some shorty no yes look
now right yes this thing here got me bad
this morning i tell you i got splinter
this long and like this think it was
like a cocktail stick in the bathroom
right there oh gosh yeah so much it
blend oh no I couldn't call it out I had
to like like yank it out horrendous but
but that's it they're all his balcony oh
god this balcony I have now yeah cuz
it's snowing almost let diagonal doors
looks bit cold out here thinks about
minus two you know mind I'll be our seat
oh no I can't say oh my god it's quite
dark out yeah we've got a light on here
look no way check this out wait let me
try and work um function
Thanks oh my god is awesome so yeah look
balcony oh this is a great view I'm not
gonna lie yes if someone else's balcony
yeah but so how can he exactly so
luckily i smoke by dou sorry you know I
lie on they did anything can't really me
don't switch the light off oh you can
see all the crook nooks and crannies of
the room which are quite like quick
x-ray wait you press ok and that's it
that's it we finish it I said everything
yeah that's the heart has been the tall
that is the room tour rental ya later
and we gonna enjoy a nice dinner you
know fajitas I'm cooking me Lucy cooking
and let the guys thumbs up if you want
Luke to do a vlogmas day all to himself
I'd be ice skating and you get to see
what's under the house under the Hat
it's scary trust me it's Gary but he
might be doing a vlog much all by
himself could be a bit risky never gonna
see but if you want to see it thumbs up
and if we get more than 2,000 thumbs ups
Luke would do his very own blog mistake
and we'll see you tomorrow for vlogmas
