good morning guys welcome to vlogmas day
today I am home all day filming I have
Polly who helps me film and Lucy who
works on my management team coming over
to help set up and film everything I
think we have about 4 videos to film
today so it's gonna be fairly manic but
first my advent calendar my advent
calendar this year I was so so lucky and
diptych sent me their calendar after I
featured it in my calendar video they
actually let me keep it which is crazy
beyond exciting so today I'm gonna open
number 14 and see what is inside oh it
is facial water I've actually never used
this before and I am excited to try it I
also have a couple of things waiting
from the past few days and look at my
little candles this one is actually the
best this is the thing I love about
advent calendars you discover things
that you would never have otherwise
bought I've never heard of the bench one
candle before but oh I don't know what
that is piece of black in it it smells I
get rid of that though yeah it smells so
good pretty masculine but really really
nice obsessed that it's gonna be on my
next like big candle perches from duty
I'm gonna burn that one first and see if
they actually like the smell translates
but it smells good I also forgot to say
I won the shop style award for Best
International influencer and that I
mentioned last week thank you guys so
much for voting you're so awesome
you've really honestly made my year I
just thank you thank you thank you just
a little message from me currently
filming a New Year's makeup tutorial and
I feel like I've laid out all my makeup
like a present because I've just had
this box and I thought what better way
to transport the box from my bedroom
into here yeah not a present to myself
just a video cuz I've discovered my new
favorite suit which I just had for
Yorkshire provide' cauliflower cheese
soup is this a new thing I've never seen
it before it's like my two favorite
things mixed Vienna cauliflower cheese
and soup and it has candle in it as well
I am a big fan I just ate not gonna lie
definitely more than half of it but it
was super tasty definitely recommend
this one it's Kim my new favorite
Christmas soup and it has a Christmas
label on the top love it look what just
arrived guys ah it's the Mack mariah
carey collection which i've actually
seen in stores already but they sent it
to me in this box with millions of fake
diamonds and it's I love it so the most
satisfying thing to play with
do you guys have probably seen this on
like a million people since grams
already but I'm gonna show you again cuz
it's so freakin sparkly and I'm not sure
about the nude lip shades but look at
the color this eyeshadow quad is so
pretty I'm obsessed with it have any
used it yet but I'm obsessed with it
already a little bit later now and the
girls have gone Mike is cooking some
lamb chops they're very noisy lamb chops
there's also a lot of them yeah but
there's not much Mel amazing so you know
it contained about the portion control
the other part so you know I'm just
making sure I'm not disappointing my
cousin Mike okay have some broccoli
going on there
yeah about it and it's the best thing
that's happening
yeah we don't care about that so great
is it it's a Kiki everything tag sorry
not sorry
hashtag waiting for the snack I am
hungry
I'm just gonna roll in yesterday's vlog
to today's vlog because I feel like I
didn't film much yesterday and today is
gonna be not similar situation I'm in
meetings all day so it's very early in
the morning right now and I'm doing my
favorite thing for the time around
Christmas in the morning my favorite yep
here we go is this anyone else's
favorite thing it's definitely right
let's not forget this one Oh early
morning on our way to the station
god I makeup on because I ran out of
time but we do have a special guest
today coming into the station with me
violently understand this one she's not
very impressed basically all of the dogs
coming down to London tonight
we're going to water cool Olympia horse
show that we were charged if you
remember ever my Morton horses purely
watching watching the dogs but the doll
you baby
we don't know how a dog sitter so the
dogs are coming and stay in the flat
walls for their destroy your flat
lobuche is coming down with me because
he has made it to rush hour actually
doing pretty well and and if you guys
can see because I can't see anything
it smells like making somebody feel it
is currently rejoicing about the fact
that we made it to London oh we didn't
die pinky we did a die in the car
she hates the car so much the train was
okay wasn't it Pig hey train was okay
she's literally like so happy right now
so happy so fluffy hey hi hi Pig you
doing oh the wooden floor not so sure
piglet is on the loose in London watch
out everybody also been joined by a
special visitor
all the way from LA yeah we're just
hanging out for lunch Lara's here she
looks like a different person you didn't
recognize her I know a friend just like
changing things but then I'm also
wearing red Lanier's he showed up at my
doorstep I was like who I had seen I see
audience panic but yeah going for a
little bit of lunch going to pulpo cuz
it's basically the only dog friendly
place in London that you can actually
take dogs inside and it's way too cold
to eat outside today that's for sure so
our little Christmas gathering so we
have a Christmas cocktail
we're in pulpo and piglet snuck down
here oh you got bored piglet I'm sorry
my chat is really rubbish today we have
a slow spritz made with slow Gin cheers
everybody a little Christmas drink we're
having a massive feast of tapas right
now we have well the meatballs pretty
much gone but you know there's one left
we have some gnocchi some risotto a
little ham pizza some octopus for
chickpeas more nephew Franz an old salad
down there all the good stuff look what
the cat dragged in he's getting he's
getting dressed look at his shoes he's
wearing with his black ties very
inappropriate I say
are they your jeans so in they are jeans
nice bowtie you're walking your dog
through your Dicky way well the issue is
if I get it encountered in water food
sometimes but let's you know try early
piggy Wiggy Wiggy your pity I think
somebody wants to go for a walk
how can you resist this face how can you
resist the face Oh squidge that's mine
oh so guys we're on our way to buy
cheese for the party Mike and focus I'm
not I feel like whatever
who's she honestly in focus probably
Mike wanted me anyway on our way to buy
cheese the dogs are coming with they're
not gonna be able to come in I don't
think so Mike's gonna have to stand
outside but that's okay he doesn't eat
the cheese anyway
she's gonna experience the cheese buying
they don't do dairy Lee well you keeps
disappearing Jaime Oh drama so the
cheese mission has been accomplished I'm
not going to show you what cheese I
bought because divorce my divorce
we're late but I'm talking about my
cheese I'm not going to show you my
cheese because you will see the cheese
in Saturday's vlog when I do the cheese
sauce which is gonna be exciting by I'm
gonna do it for me Wow cheesy because
you're talking today I'm wearing my top
doesn't matter my top short dress I've
got my jockey to Rossi heels on these
are the gold one I love gold and then
I'm mixing metals have they're the rose
gold and then I have the silver
strawberry bag I think it's like the
Nano tote Nano and I have my gold want
to give another bracelet and then I have
on my flow loves eyelashes and some
makeup and you put bit more concealer on
our cheeks I notice we need to go
because they've gotten from pmdf Mike's
favorite hard guys
so cute so much better behave than our
dogs this is mental as a dog sat on a
horse I mean I'm not entirely sure
what's going on here
this is very old very old the dogs are
now riding on the hall
look at me I'm watching it taking it so
seriously Mike things number 10 is gonna
win
my snapchat in action is happening right
now
don't wanna not for Christmas there's
just one thing currently mocking Mike is
he always films to snapchat like this
people see the real me they didn't see
the YouTube we've just got back to the
flat and taking the dogs out for away
and we now have the challenge of
convincing them that sleeping in here is
a good idea instead of wanting to sleep
in our bedroom however I think we may
get some little scratchy scratches on
this door right here because we don't
normally sleep in the next-door room I
think if we shut them out they're gonna
scratch there or they will sleep on our
bed then this that is a double bed it's
not made for two humors and three dogs
oh no no nice braces sir you darling I'm
tired can we go to bed I do a little
better tomorrow today guys I'll see you
in the morning we're one day closer to
Christmas it's getting very festive
