clock Wednesday 13 and I am in London a
very windy London and I'm outside the
L'Oreal offices and I'm just going in
for the casting day this is the hair and
makeup I think we're on the wrong on in
here nicely male not just for this
yeah sure you want to right can we get a
shot of your friend absolutely you can
get a shot off absolutely happy with it
yes fine I'll get that way well you got
it we got to you nicer we don't need to
follow hi guys so we just finished the
casting and I'm just going to show you
backstage a little bit in the casting
room so just relax and sat down and we
have some amazing cupcakes in here as
well which they cost yourself on them
so you thought I was gone then I checked
you ah well actually I just remembered
when I got home that I didn't announce
the winners of my Christmas giveaway on
this channel the winners of my other
Christmas giveaway on my main channel
just went up so I'm going to announce
them
another thing I must mention before I
get into that is that I came home
tonight and you guys know that I was
talking about this bear hat yesterday
well someone best boyfriend in the world
bought it for me as a surprise and had
it waiting when I got home so to
announce the winners I'm gonna do it as
a bear could you hold them the camera
like I'm gonna have back Mich's the best
hat in the whole world it's got pockets
and ears and Whoopi loves it okay so the
winners have my special book again
the winners firstly the winner of the
bareMinerals set is Charlotte E with
three T's and threes secondly the winner
of the jo Malone cracker is the fashion
lover and finally the winner of the
monster beats is fares 177 so
congratulations to all the winners if
you didn't win I'm really sorry I
couldn't send you a prize but I hope you
all have an amazing Christmas and I am
actually gonna go this time we are going
skiing tonight we're leaving actually at
3 a.m. so I think yeah that technically
is tomorrow but it's going to
like tonight so I will see you very
early in the morning
