hey guys vlog missed day 12 and today
I'm in my car there's a weird light
coming in my face I'm kind of trying to
cover it up but maybe that's better and
I do not have a scrap a megaphone
because I'm on my way to a car mine
video shoot which is really exciting
today it's with KMS hair and i'm excited
to kind of create some hair looks with
them I do have to do my own makeup but I
haven't got any one now because I just
thought I've been to a physio session
this morning so it's trying to up my
back out which is a whole nother kettle
of fish but there's nothing serious
wrong with my back is just I didn't get
it fixed when I was 17 and now I'm kind
of finally getting it sorted out and
because I carry a weighted heavy handbag
it's causing like problems with my
shoulder which is really not cool so I'm
going to my sister's house before the
shoot and I'm gonna try to do all my
makeup want to get there and stuff and
they wanted me with like second day hair
so my hair looking really manky my face
is literally Maggie and in general to
top it all off I'm eating KFC the reason
I'm eating KFC is you guys know that
they never do good food in service
stations and I stopped because it's
really sunny on the motorway today it's
like you know one of those days where
the Sun is like really Glary
and I have this little medal win like
win two little Sun Visor thing but you
know how sometimes like Sun in your eyes
just makes you a little bit sleepy so I
was like I'll stop and get a coffee so I
stopped and got Starbucks
which I actually got the gingerbread
latte with soy milk and an extra shot I
have been getting the praline Walker but
I usually like usually at Christmas time
I get the gingerbread latte so I thought
I would switch back to see which one I
prefer
I think the gingerbread latte is a
little bit less sickly than the praline
Walker but I still like the praline
Walker maybe for like evenings or
something I don't know that's totally
random anyway
random information and you really can't
see me very well maybe that's better if
I hold it up there yeah so and then I
was in the service Asian I remember the
last few shoots that I've been to with
carmine I haven't actually managed to
eat anything before I got there so I'm
pretty sure they think I don't eat
because my stomach is always rumbling
during the shoots so I thought about it
eat some lunch whilst I can because I
know once I get to London and I see my
sister and her little boys why can't I
can't wait to see that it's gonna be
manic and people looking at me like I'm
crazy in the car right now because I'm
filming myself
but yeah so I'm going to eat my Kirsty
and I'll see if I can do a little bit of
filming at the shoot later I think we're
doing some kind of fun hairstyles -
let's see if I can kind of give you a
bit of a sneak peek as to what's going
on in the Carmine video yeah apart from
that then you get back on the road hi
guys hi hi hi YouTube hi YouTube
hello Spiker what's that
what is it horsey
do you like a look at yourself you're
gazing into your own eyes bike did you
do these it's the light on mr. duck duck
no that's the Sheep what's that it's at
the fairy fairy hey can you say fairy
hey hey yeah have you got there what is
that it's that chocolates me speak on
and rap it was is on the tree spy hey
what have you got
oh what's that ah what is that you know
you can't eat the only one go is that
tasty there's going to be none left on
the Christmas tree if you eat them all
taystee why don't you give your friend
some mm-hmm
thank you spay can I have some V come on
fight come on fight
I try ah horribly entreat chocolate hey
guys so I just finished filming with kms
and as you can see I don't know if you
can see under my hood because it's
raining but they did my hair which is
absolutely amazing I didn't actually get
to film in that because it was actually
really really hectic shoot it's really
dark I hope you guys can see me because
I have my foot off as well but it was a
really really hectic shoot because we
were kind of a little bit short on time
because some of the equipment and
arrived quite on time so I don't get to
vlog in there I'm really sorry but I did
tweet some pictures of the styles which
are really cool and obviously you'll get
to see the Carmine video when that goes
up so it will be in the next couple of
weeks
oh look at my cuddles I just I love the
styles that they did that was really
nice style is from I think some
burlesque hair which is a salon in Wales
so they were really really cool actually
and I'm just on my way home to see my
sister and see if I can find some sushi
somewhere or something to eat because
it's 8:30 and I'm really hungry and
everyone in the street is kind of
looking at me a bit weird because you
know when it's a pharisee and a few
people are kind of like outside pups
it's tough so like what the hell is she
doing yeah I'm gonna try and find some
food and I'll see you in a bit
hey guys so I'm back home now well I'm
tackling in technically not at home I
meant my sister's so I thought it would
actually be kind of cool to film in my
room because anyone that's been
following me since the very very
beginning might recognize this room when
I first started youtube I was kind of
part-time living with my sister so all
of my first videos from maybe in the
first six months or so have been in here
there's been a few since then as well
but anyone who started watching me a
long long time ago will recognize this
background there's the picture there and
then
the curtains the little desk there and
then the bed which I'm sitting on right
now so yeah that's actually my room at
my sister's or her spare room which is
kind of dubbed my room because I say her
so much but basically after I kind of
said goodbye to you last in the street I
went looking for some dinner I was so
hungry and everything was pretty much
shot which is weird to me because I
always thought the shops on Regent
Street in Oxford she Street shut at 9:00
but it was 8:30 and kind of everything
seemed to be shut so I went into boots
because I was looking for this nail
polish from Barry M which is red glitter
which everybody recommended to me it's
just so really I think spike might have
turned the autofocus off oh no there we
go
it's just a really festive red clutch
really wanted to my nails in red glitter
my nails got totally messed up this
afternoon yeah so don't look at those
uh-huh
but yeah so I got that and I was really
happy and I also found this nail polish
which is from Max Factor and at first
glance it kind of looks like every other
kind of metallic blue green but it
actually has a little bit of kind of
pinky purple in there - I don't know if
you guys can see that but I thought that
was really pretty anyway so I got that
too I got a Skype this time until I can
really haul I got some soda Laurie face
wipes which I like my favorite face
wipes I haven't used them in ages just
because I've had loads of kind of ones
that have been on offer that I bought so
I ended up getting them I want some
mirror fan for skiing just in case
anyone kind of gets a headache or
anything I just thought clever to take
that and they gave me a free bottle of
water within your friend which can't
complain I probably drink that tonight I
also bought some little see-through hair
bands because I actually don't have any
of these and they're release well if
you're doing kind of nice hairstyles and
you don't want your headband to show so
I've got some of those I got this little
mini brush thing for my mom's Christmas
stocking hopefully she actually she
watches my vlogmas so mom if you're
watching this this is a little extra for
your Christmas stocking it's like a flip
open
brush for her handbag that she wanted
and then finally I saw this and this was
a bit of a
kind of extravagant purchase because I
think it was seven pounds I don't have
the receipt the receipts of my purse I
think was for seven pounds but this is
from philosophy and it's their little
tree charm that has a miniature
gingerbreads shower like and sure I
think it's their shower and hair wash or
whatever in it and I just thought this
was really cute would make a really
sweet little present for somebody and I
just thought it was adorable so I might
actually blog about it in the next few
days just because it's awesome and I
thought it was cool so I'd actually been
I've seen a couple of these in a press
release that I got emailed a while ago
but I've never been on to find them in
the shop until today so I found them and
I bought one on the bus it was full of
like shouty people you know if we moved
out on the phone and they're like shout
and then people like shout at the bus
driver and then there was two babies
screaming and it was like 9 o'clock at
night and I was like a newborn baby on
the bus I was a little bit surprised
that you had taken me more baby out a 9
o'clock at night I thought it was really
I don't know maybe they had a really
exceptional reason but normally a little
baby should be in bed then surely I
don't know yeah so it's a really
unpleasant fast journey and then I got
home and as you can tell my voice I'm
really really tired and just oh these
car last couple of days it just been
manic but I'm excited to do L'Oreal
tomorrow I'm going to be doing they're
casting cream gloss day for their
casting day for the advert and I'm gonna
be judging the redhead so it's gonna be
cool to kind of be on a judging panel
I'm little bit scared that I have to be
like I don't know judgmental of people
but you have to kind of pick based on
hair color and personality and all that
kind of stuff so it should be fun and
I'll definitely take you guys along with
me I need to charge my camera tonight
and that's pretty much it for fog mist
a12 I'll see you guys all tomorrow
Hey
