hi guys it's vlogmas day 11 gonna try to
have enough fingers to put up 4:11 we
are just heading out it is what's the
time like crap to to on a Sunday and we
are heading out to the shops to try and
get a few last-minute things I'm going
skiing in two days but I'm going to
London first thing tomorrow morning to
do a couple of things which I'm very
excited about I'm doing a shoot with
carmine and then I'm doing a really
exciting project with L'Oreal and I
can't wait to take you all along with me
for that so I'm basically having to pack
and sort my entire life out before I go
tomorrow morning so we're going to a
local shopping center and I'm going to
try and get some gloves because my
gloves from last year are like really
bad and they're really cold and I need
some new ski socks and then I also need
the other thing we needed and maybe some
gloves I don't think I need goggles but
Mike here seems to think that I need
goggles because we don't normally go
when it's smelling a lot but this year
obviously this time of year apparently
it's really coming down on hard the old
snow so I might need some decent goggle
otherwise I won't be able to see
anything so I have my notebook here
beauty notes and I am making crazy
amount of lists trying to decide what I
need what I don't need or that kind of
jazz anything else bottle when you check
this out after we forget Santa got set
up well better although
Oh oh wow can you do that tomorrow I
need to take my sat-nav back as well as
my son that was broken after only three
months of owning it it's broken I need
to try this pumpkin he's trying go and
get another one of those I'm speaking at
500 miles an hour but so much to think
about today I'm literally doing
everything crazy crazy someday so I will
keep you updated on how my ski glove
mission goes and then tonight I'm
hopefully going to be doing DIY
Christmas crackers which is going to be
really exciting so stay tuned for an
afternoon and watching The X Factor and
Little Mix got in the final again little
mix of my favorites I'm hoping that they
win I was kind of upset the look that
Emilia Lily got sent out but then when
it gets down to the last three like I
think they all deserve to be there so
it's really hard to kind of decide who
should be the winner but I'm really
happy they're listening so that cuz I
really want them to win and I'll see you
later
you just have a solution you're not
gonna be in it he spikes it embarrassed
because we're walking down the main
shopping shin-etsu very good making sure
I'm not the same you saw this amazing
I wanted it so badly it was like a flare
me me an evil beholder
I'm not really sure I'm sorry about
wholeness what are you doing so now that
I've only one boy some empowerment years
I just tweeted a photo of the same I've
seen it but the coolest thing is like
this very heart has longed so much but
it was so realistic with you money going
to wear something like in real life in a
better convention maybe who knows but
going home house or little all your
Christmas presents
probably see any what's gonna be done so
we just get back in the car and I got
all I want to show them if I want to
show them my ski gloves because they're
really cool I got some news so my camera
just ran out of battery so I couldn't do
the in car haul for you but I'm going to
show you what I got now is Mike would be
so kind
Mike got walkie-talkies this is the
first thing let me see what make are
they
hello moto Motorola not very cool I got
my queen the camera for me he's very
cool they have a little stand thing
that's quite you can bring your stuff
towards me I will
so the first thing I got was some new
ones because my speed was I'm not very
warm so I got these North Face they
called the power or effect love and
there are actually 20 there was 25% off
on everything North Face in the shop so
I got those I know what I wish she went
there to get these gloves as well so
it's kind of lucky that they had 25% off
Dan I got a set of thermals because my
thermals I only have one thermal top
because I can't find my other one I
think I've lost it and that one is like
10 years old anyway so I got the zip up
top and then I got the trousers - I
actually got the trousers in youth large
instead of women's small because they
were 15 pounds cheaper
these were 20 pounds with 25 cents these
were 15 pounds here than 135 and there's
just a little bit shorter and I'm sure
anyway so I got those and then I'm with
you there we got things they won't wash
it with a we've got things we're doing
Secret Santa when we're away skiing and
me and Mike got one of these for both of
our Secret Santas they're like face mark
USA useful you know I might say who's
the hey I'm gonna show them so they go
around he's really funny they're both
the boys don't go around
oh no not over your eyes always like
this
pull it out of it yeah no nice really so
they go like that which is really funny
so therefore the boys for Secret Santa
not so secret under now and then I got
the most exciting purchase of the day
two pairs of skis socks actually do like
this ski socks cuz they're pink I wanted
to get to pink but then I thought you
forget which ones even worn so I got
purple and then sell it that's it you
got a rucksack - what did I miss
perhaps I because he likes to take a
camera - taking photos on the mountain
we're going to be taking this camera on
the mountain it's kind of cool it's got
like the Jamaican colours on it
what is this before this we put skis in
it
and that's fine
rucksack and then I got my wrapping
paper which I had a bit of a meltdown in
the shop because I wanted ten rolls and
I thought Mike thought that was too much
so I've got egg rolls and then I
realized I only got six rolls when we
left so I got six rolls of wrapping
paper and there any two meters so I hope
that does enough because I like to buy
presents but I think that you just got
this like metallic bread with kind of
furry flocking on it and I'm going to do
gold ribbons and gold tags so that's my
wrapping paper is most definitely a
snake in my boot growler this cat is
obsessed with my boobs growler it's not
really happy about being forced to fill
me but I figured I can't do this with
one hand so let me show you I'm doing
DIY Christmas crackers so basically you
can buy these DIY Christmas crafts these
are from John Lewis and there were five
pounds for six and we have 18 people to
Christmas dinner so I've got 18 and they
come semi empty they actually don't come
to Italy empty which is kind of annoying
I know they do they come with jokes and
hats in there but I'm not going to use
those because I've got my own funnier
jokes like Good King Wenceslas phone
Domino's for a pizza the sales girls
asked him do you want your usual deep
pan crisp and even hilarious so what I'm
gonna do I'm will see the girls once
nothing doesn't think that's funny there
are some ruder ones on there but they're
probably to meet you too so they
basically come empty and then you slip
your little gift in there so what I'm
doing for the girls I'm only doing
Whoopie ones one and I'm only doing the
girls tonight because the boys I don't
have a gift to go in them but for each
girl I'm doing a pair or
red knickers and a lipstick so I've got
like different types of it's taken
different all t sizes of knickers and
all that jazz for everybody so you write
their names and then you click the Nixon
and then I've got to sit here through
all of this can see these ones for my
sister she better not watch it cuz she
likes she look she likes sporty on me
and she likes lip on - so she's got lip
I don't know if this is gonna fit in
there
should I cut it just followed the
knickers are up what did you think was
not very fair is it worthy crackers I
think she prefers crackers with cheese
on them than these so I'm gonna fold it
this would be easier she's normal
lipstick didn't test that for you put it
in did you know it's too long way too
long again oh she's not thought this one
to do that
you'll break it pretty alright you did
what are you gonna do differently
someone's a smartass oh yes my child
yeah so Mike is just as rubbish of this
as me and I'm probably going to be here
all night so I guess I should probably
sign out I'll see you guys tomorrow for
vlogmas day what day will it be tomorrow
12:00 bye guys
