hi guys it's vlogmas day 10 and today is
stuff today and I am going to one of my
favorite places in the whole world I'm
going to Toby craft to get some wrapping
stuff hopefully get some acne stuff
anyway I want to walk I'm going to the
car now I've got to go really fast
because later me and Mike are going to
get our Christmas tree so I'm super
excited about that because we get to put
up our Christmas tree but yeah I'm just
going told me father and I really want
to get I really want to get some plain
like brown wrapping paper and then I
want to get stamps to kind of like put
on wrapping paper so I can like decorate
my own wrapping paper and there's some
really cute ribbon and also some
hopefully like star sequins to do a nail
tutorial which order film tomorrow it's
so cold at the moment I'm like wrapped
up like the Arctic I have my ski jacket
I have my huge scarf and it's freezing
cold so I will see you in a bit bye
so Hobby draft was absolutely rubbish
like awful and get a thing and I was so
disappointed because I really wanted to
do to kind of get my rapping over for
what because I didn't want to wrap my
presents today but I'm going away next
week and then when I get back it's gonna
be last minute so I'm gonna have to try
and fight around here for somewhere
I really wanted to do my own bio of
don't find anything hopefully I'll still
be able to do my nail tutorial without
the stars because they didn't have
sequin stars you think that won't be
really plain anyway I'm in Mike's car
now just waiting for him to come he's
you're starting a few things out we're
going to get our Christmas tree I feel
like we need some festive tunes on but I
can't put them on when I'm filming
because of coffee right which is anyway
woof he's here woofer woof I think you
should be in the back woof because
technically you're a dog you ready to
get a Christmas tree o Christmas tree
how big a Christmas tree do you think we
should get no bigger than 7 foot no 7th
it's quite big I don't know I get 6 foot
or 7
I want a fat one I love a fat fat
Christmas tree we're at the Christmas
tree farm
it's really busy here we get a tree what
if we don't get a tree have many trees
about one of them oh yeah look there's
the baby trees this is a really cool
actually exist a sustainable Christmas
tree farm so you see them in all of
their like levels of growth every year
no the baby trees there's some bigger
trees some kiddies and bigger trees well
at work I'm pretty sure we can salmon
how do you feel about the tree playing
it's very muggy quite easy carrying her
we'll see look what we've got
look what we've got over it we got the
tree we got a six and a half footer and
it's a was it an ordinal something for
and wolf thinks we're all crazy bringing
a tree in the car so good job we don't
have back seats ma it's bathroom and you
better put it on the tree on the roof
that's free like in there singing family
Christmas when you put up new series
that have a roof rack money you can put
it can you not put honest together my
dear but you know everybody was asking
about how you go over there so
old-fashioned well what do you think
worth we got a tree to look at this I'm
going to decorate it myself so here is
the tree de force
are you ready Mike it's the perfect
height literally it goes like right up
to the ceiling amazing good choice on it
stand you're going to do the grand
unveiling we've actually got a fire on
there's little growly by the fire and
there's B yes we got the fire on and the
decorations in the boxes and I've got my
Christmas cards which I'm going to write
tonight as well actually I'm going to
show you guys my first discuss because I
really like them I have a sparkly one
that says piece with a cute one with
reindeers
and then one with gingerbread man what
ah so cool animals around the tree hey
guys Murphy's like what is going on in
the little kittens I can only see one
time what's going on guys why is there a
tree in the house that's supposed to eat
the Christmas tree for Ally
I've got trouble with these two it's
like a big family unveiling of the tree
for all animals it could be I love it
when they stand on their hind legs
watch out pussycat that is a good tree
god it's quite big isn't it I think that
is a mighty fine tree if I ever did pick
one I know I saw it I went in there I
saw it I was like I want that one
okay so let's see what we've got in here
in the decoration box which is really
stuff than in the Attic we've got the
lights the blue lights normally go in
the kitchen actually and we've got the
right these cute little gold decorations
which are from Zara home they're like
made out of straw balls and read all
these gold
and then we have the tree also actually
and some candy heads from last year and
then you throwing out um also a really
cool tradition that Mike's mom does
every year she buys us an ornate
decoration for the tree so this is and
then I write the year on them so this is
from 2009 which was the first year we
were in the house and then this one is
the one from 2010 which was last year
and then she hasn't given us 150
thousand eleven yet but I think she
bought me well because it's kind of
becoming a tradition which is really
cool actually so you can see like every
single year of tree that is the tree I'm
gonna get decorated so this is the
wreath which I just finished which is
really pretty I like the big bird and
we're gonna top it all off the tree the
grand finale of decorating the Christmas
tree cirfairy on she goes she's usually
better it's like oh look alive she's
usually a bit of a drunken fairy she's
never she's never usually oh she's quite
straight this year there's the tree tada
that is it for vlogmas day ten guys see
you tomorrow so funny
growler
