today I'm with my mommy and we're a
little bit late on the older kind of
group shopping today because we had to
go to the police station and get a lost
report is seriously busy in Florence
today because it's a public holiday but
we went to the police station to get the
police report for my stolen wallet which
is kind of a bummer but it's all done
now so I can claim for my insurance and
it'll find so we're shopping again or
just sightseeing and today I thought I
will show you some of my favorite places
to shop in Florence because I've been
supplies mum comes to France by logic
but between us we've been doing plans
new Bentley ten something like that me
yeah and this is my fifth visit or
fourth visit I think so I'm going to
show you only three places to shop a few
of my favorite things to eat and maybe a
few sites as well let me show you too
many sites on the first day but yeah see
how it goes
so the first shop that I definitely
recommend for this coin which is
department store and actually kind of
reminds me of the smaller Bloomingdale's
in New York which is kind of a little
bit morbid Tiki a little bit kind of
it's just one smaller it has all of your
main kind of like makeup and everything
mark heels I'm gonna see if I can have a
quick look inside but it's just a little
bit
look at the beautiful Christmas lights
in there see it's just a little bit
smaller a little bit more kind of
boutique II feeling definitely something
I recommend checking out two doors away
on the same street which is the cows I
Olli streets is the hotel was saying
which is Hotel cows very early which is
really nice I would definitely recommend
it because it's it's so central but it's
not too expensive to stay in if you can
see this is the lobby the lobby house
says is really tiny but the rooms are
really nice and clean and it's just
generally really good another really
cool shop that's we just discovered is
Nadine which is a vintage shop it
actually sells vintage Chanel buttons
made it into like new original jewelry
and actually show you some that I bought
in a upcoming video but Medina's a
really awesome job with your inter
vintage and you want a little bit of
kind of vintage Chanel but it won't cost
you a lot and it's really kind of chic
and unique as well this is Dixie which
is actually a chain I think there are a
few of these in the city you can't
actually see where's the branding yeah
you can see it in the window and it kind
of does a really good mixture of
different things there's a lot of
different kind of high quality pieces
and also some cheaper things but it's a
very similar style to zadig & Voltaire
so if you guys know the French designers
article also it's very similar lots of
skulls lots of kind of loose nips
but it's a lot cheaper so I really
really like that and we all kind of
found something different from there so
that's it see another great little place
that we found is this little shop which
is called my tree to fabrica and it's
actually a big shot that it goes along
for three Doors but you probably don't
realize and it sells really a collective
mixture of vintage jewelry there's kind
of new jewelry this handmade soaps
there's kitchen stuff and there's even a
cafe in the end too which is it's a
really nice place just to kind of browse
and there's lots of girly stuff in there
so I really like that one another one of
my favorite places to eat or get a
coffee in Florence is the O bar and this
actually has kind of a few names it's
called the golden view open bar but it
has a caf√© Viet which is here and then
a restaurant and it's kind of really
quickly has a lots of different artwork
kind of indoor features as well like
crazy kind of indoor bears and indoor
water features and if I just cross the
right to show you these the fish in the
window this is really crazy this is some
of the little friends that you can eat
that looks scary octopus
it's actually a really really cool
restaurant the food is really good and
it's a good place if you want to go
anywhere kind of a smart dinner like if
you're going out or a special occasion
anything that's a good one and last but
not least me and my mom's favorite this
a shot warmer in Florence is the Gianni
Chiarini temporary store which I don't
think it's very temporary because it's
been here ever since we started coming
to Italy maybe like seven or eight years
ago so six seven years ago and it
honestly does the best quality Italian
leather bags but they're not actually
that expensive there's a lot of them you
see on the market are not great quality
and they're still fairly expensive and
then you find a lot of ones that are
cheap for not very 40 and then you find
great quality ones that are really
expensive so this is kind of the best of
both worlds and yeah the pricing is
really good the quality is amazing and
they do some amazing design bags so if
you want to buy a really lovely Italian
bag but you don't want to spend
thousands then this is definitely the
place to go and for us for that hi
everyone so I hope you guys all enjoyed
my shopping tips for Florence I actually
missed out a couple of restaurants on at
the end the first one which my totally
just forgot to film that's like the
first one is ours R which is I'll put an
annotation here actually the street that
has almond is right next to the market
and that's a really kind of cool quirky
restaurant to eat for lunch or dinner
actually if you fancy is not too
expensive it's really the food is
amazing
really really nice this light is making
me look seriously half-dead but the best
I can do in the back of the car to back
in England very sad to be northern front
ii restaurant is laggy Ostra which is
actually really really famous and
it is kind of touristy in a way but it's
just the atmosphere is amazing so if you
are a tourist in Florence is definitely
a must visit and again I'll put the
annotation as to where it was right here
it's kind of really beautiful it's kind
of what are they called they vaulted
ceilings when it's like that and the guy
who runs this is crazy guy with all
these chains around his neck and like
loads and loads of jewelry and it's just
kind of very interesting and lovely and
they greet you with a glass of Prosecco
and all of that jazz and the food is
really good so they're my two other
restaurant recommendations apart from
that and back in England
and I will be commencing normal vlogging
as of tomorrow so I will see you then
gonna say bye everybody
and writer Libby because she won't be
with me anymore all right and bye to all
the mums
