hi everyone so it's vlogmas day hey I
didn't even I put ten okay so it's not
ten it's like eight and today I'm joined
by the beautiful Libby
again my new roommate well till tomorrow
and we're gonna do a whole video of
everything that we've bought in Florence
but just to explain first because today
I actually filmed some footage which is
now gonna go up tomorrow because I was
gonna do like best places to shop in
Florence but it's so busy it's a
national holiday if you know it's
something to do with Madonna not the
singer not yeah it's not but like marry
the mother of you knows it's Madonna
yeah I just want to show you out the
window because it's it's insane like
insane insane and we have to shut the
shutters cuz it was so noisy
it's like manic zombie infestation out
here
can you see all these people
it's crazy
it's a crazy far as our Italian gets
yeah okay so if I could shut the thing I
think the things saying the thing CEO
the window oh this is the wrong way
around now
tah-dah so in the right place yes so
we're gonna do a whole instead I'm
tomorrow will be the top places shop so
I can actually go out I do like half of
them today and I'm gonna do the rest
tomorrow because it just got too many
like okay so we're gonna do a whole
video
what should we start with live um do you
want to start let's start with our
matching items okay the first thing the
last thing that we have cool scarves
okay Fleming our buyer and I have almost
identical tattoos the stars yeah and
because of that we are I didn't actually
we are star crazy with crazy stars he
was a different and the different colors
on the different sites these are like
kind of like American flags but not the
basically stars then two rights then
Stars and Stripes in like a bluey gray
color and white it's really nice
colorway today yeah and the guy on the
market taught us these ways to wear
scarves he was like do that this is my
favorite he was like do the triangle put
it round and then he says twist it I'm
gonna mess this up now uh-oh here we go
he'll get twist it round and keep on
twisting I don't know where I came from
keep on twisting go round and then round
again and tuck it in in over it kind of
goes cool kind of bandana a way that
didn't what yeah it does looks good like
that yeah so these were eight euros in
your area and you'll get it but we were
and it was a seven year I knew he was
sorry and like many guys about yeah 3 to
20 minutes a game so yeah that's just
under 7 oh no where's that say yeah yeah
they're supposed to be 8 euros each so
yeah we like oh I'm really nice I'm
really soft as well
yeah nice that's also I might keep mine
on for the remainder of the video so we
get anything else
what else did you get from the market I
owe him as well it's like it's like
Emeril green but it's really soft super
soft and really thick love it big and
long and it's a good color on you as
well cuz you've got in your eyes no it's
actually not that
oh it's grown it really was it's sunny
today it was almost like going back into
spring so with my sunglasses on yes I
forgot my son as my so jealous I
couldn't see anything I was like I got
two pairs of gloves from the market one
of them is actually a pair of mittens
he's fluffy mittens which are shearling
mittens they're not further sheepskin
like leather so just anyone out there
and then I got some just black plain
black leather gloves swish pretty you
just can't play with Italian leather
yeah forever as well so you actually had
power clubs you have like five years
yeah they're really nice they're bright
blue awesome and then what else did you
like it oh do the Dixie top I like that
so this is really cool store which might
be in this shopping guide tomorrow
because we liked it that much this is
the bag it's cool it's cool Dixie and
it's a bit but it's like I dig involved
yeah but wage here itches if you don't
know it's a French brand but there was
kind of like fighting with lots of
skulls and it's quite All Saints eat but
more wearable yeah yeah yeah I know I
brought this it's um it's really come
around long sleeve top quite good for
layering
it's little got my um but it's got like
a skull crystal detail on the front
there which is really nice actually a
quite subtle
yeah because it's not too like it's not
too blingy it's actually quite matte so
so yeah that's really like that it's
kind of see-through to it a little bit
so you layer it yeah yeah that was thank
you know thirty nine euros so what's
that 35 pound
yeah about 35 35 pound and it's a nice
quality it's a really soft and
is really expensive yeah that expels
hell would be like a hundred kg or
something yeah and I also got something
from Zara this is the only item of
actual clothing
I've caught yet is and Zara zop see you
can get it in England you can get it
everywhere but I just fell in love with
this shirt I know it's not gonna look as
nice on camera I don't think but it's
this loose I think it's silk I don't
know if it's a proper silk feels like it
was 40 euros so I can get a silk but
it's kind of like artistic it's got like
a graphic print yeah it's really arty
and I just think it would look gorgeous
with just black jeggings and black like
a little black cami underneath it and
maybe a nice gold necklace or something
I think it would look nice it's gold
button at the top I just love that I
thought it was really kind of unusual
and chic I love just love the print so I
like that and comfy yeah and comfy and
then you got toilet friend I've been
talking about come Frankie about comfort
I think if we are without I bought I'm
going with the green theme at man you
like everything green
I bought this polkadot long-sleeved
little number it's really so it's got
like quite divine it arms I've got a top
like this so because they come out so I
know yeah yeah yeah and then it's got a
zip up the back but it's longer at the
back than it is at the front really yeah
it's a really really soft nice I was
only 16 years they have good basics they
had yes in like every single color so
they had yeah all the normal like
playing colours as well yeah I mean it's
quite a good basic toy it's a really
good work top as well yeah and then we
discovered another awesome shop which is
also going to be in the gift item or in
the gift guys I've been do too many kids
guys it's gonna be in the shopping guide
tomorrow is a little vintage shop called
Nadine and I've got one thing from there
they actually got two things but they do
really awesome yeah well we're like on a
shopping trip
and it's really Christmas yeah so we're
buying things so we're basically there's
a baton coming down the road apparently
we just got interrupted by Libby's mom
saying that there's a band coming down
the road oh my god that's amazing the
tremors I mean I'm just gonna make sure
I don't drop my camera
Wow this is why it's so busy on the
streets clearly my god it goes on look
at the guys are fine
we forget
yeah
Lawrence
I can't
these guys
I think that is my thing I just he's
gotten my zoom in and said about I think
these guys are just joining in in the
middle that's kind of rude oh my gosh
how many I'm kind of glad when all the
street right now yeah this is we were
about to go out to our other favorite
shops I'm kind of glad we didn't
he's just joining in this casual
is he just Buki in the same face he's
not actually a bone
I think it's just wondering like this is
chi'lan joining it chillin this is an
insane experience and party I'm glad to
be sharing it with you living and
however many people are watching this
video this kind of experience right now
we'll get on with the whole in a minute
but you know that's Mike's mom and
living from from Mexico
that is so cool right they keep on
stopping I think they're going to the
main square
I'm like filming wonkiness I'm in a bit
of a precarious position on my tiptoes
yeah leaning out of a window many
stories high this is awesome I'm pretty
sure they are almost out right now maybe
we should get back to our full video so
we get back to the whole video
I played your I really sorry okay we
might need to shut the old to turn this
round again there's gonna be a funny one
to edit I think I feel I feel I feel I
feel okay so by going to the awesome I
have it really it's you know so guys
should just stop never knows it okay so
onto the awesome boutique Nadeem which
is a vintage boutique but she stocked
some awesome little kind of unique
original jewelry pieces made with
antique Chanel buttons so they're real
Chanel buttons but they're not real
Chanel jewelry so they take the buttons
and put them on new pieces of jewelry
which was so cool because they're like
30 euros each and I got this gorgeous
gorgeous little cuff with the bows I'm
so in love with this and it's a really
cute taupe color as well so it just goes
on I kind of wish we got more of these
I'm like if I don't get like that's just
so cool because it's not very often that
you get to own something that's yeah and
it is special and yeah they're so cool
and they're all different as well I like
they're all so unique and Libby I love
that I got a little hairband and it's
got the hats he laughed hopes you know
taupe bow and a cream Chanel button on
oh thank you as well I really like that
yeah so we got my little antique Chanel
or vintage Chanel button jewelry spoke
the spoke as a brooch yeah that's really
cool ashley is really cool this is
actually my mum border but it's just she
really told her she must be for this to
be sure
so we're shy and it's pretty cool it's a
hair flip
well I think so 90s light his head where
she is quite ninety essentially yeah
cool
um anyway it's two roses but made out of
vintage silk ties which are really cool
and really pretty
yeah she's got like brunette hair so it
will go really nice and that cute so
yeah and that was also from them is that
all we've got no Nadine chop yeah and
she does she a she has because you know
a lot of vintage shops have a lot of non
design event it's just like I got an old
clothes now cuz vintages become so
popular she actually has a lot of
reminder so like a lot of wire so
different thing she had to wonder still
was here I was weirdly and Marks and
Spencers cashmere jumper me and my mom
were like this is really weird can you
no more suspense Cashman is actually
quite cheap yeah it was like seventy
years that's more was really than what
you think when you buy it new now yeah
anyway finally hmm and they have made a
little bit of a major purchase
continuing on the Chanel themes I've
been saving up for a very long time for
this bag and I've been trying to get one
I've been ringing up the boutique every
single week for the last like three
months trying to get one and I finally
managed to find one in Florence and it
was really nice to be able to get it
here because we're away and it's just
such a beautiful city but the bag that I
got and it's not the one everyone thinks
it's gonna be it's not a chain 2.55 or
anything it's the executive Tony I leave
out of the way this is very beautiful
the executive tote bag which is so plain
and simple I think it's really classic
and will last forever
yeah and I got it with silver I really
wanted it with gold but I honestly
couldn't find it anywhere in the world
with gold like I'm in searching for
months in England they didn't have any
and they only had silver here I do like
I like I really like it with silver yeah
definitely I just think it's so it's
very classic pain and I just I love it
so much and it's different as well like
when you think of Chanel you always
think of the 2.55
it's a little bit different and it's
just a lot plainer - it's not so kind of
in your face no no it's a little more
subtle and I just love it and it's
actually really looked a lot more
affordable than a lot of the other bags
like the chain handle bags are really a
lot more expensive so I was really happy
that I found that I've been looking for
ages I mean it was the first purchase
but yeah well I knew I wanted to see if
it was in Florence and I wanted to make
it the first patch to the trip so that I
actually didn't like buy other stuff
before that minded girl you know I'd
spend my savings say we started as we
meant to go on yeah or not meant to go
yeah but we'd start with start with a
bang and then go down maybe but yeah
that's what we finished and you finished
with the Chanel boy
yeah I did yeah with my bangle as well
that's you know it's cute I love that
yeah it's really pretty I honestly like
might go back and get because they have
little butter necklaces yeah they were
really nice handsome chuck was Burton
era they were so cool you know I wish
they'd have had earrings of these
buttons because I think they would be
slight of perfect size yeah so cool
anyway that's it for vlogmas day eight
or ten depending on how many finger day
a day and we will see you tomorrow for a
major shopping tour of Florence or not a
major shopping George best thing is to
go yeah our little fun our best places
to go so yeah hope you guys enjoyed this
video and we will see you tomorrow bye
