vlog Murs day seven and I actually can't
believe vlogmas is going quite so fast
seventh video I thought it's gonna be
really really hard it's actually been
surprisingly easy and fun I thought I
would do a hotel room tour today because
I'm still in Florence and it's been a
really really long day and yeah I just
thought well I haven't filmed anything
today because it's just been kind of
long and yeah so this is the bathroom so
I start in the bathroom is in the mirror
and I actually can't the bathroom is so
small that I can't really get far enough
away to show you because we are in the
center of Florence this is the shower
it's actually it's not like a bad
bathroom it's just kind of standard but
it's really really small
so yeah towels and this really retro
hairdryer and a toilet and a b-day who
uses B days I don't know anyone who uses
bday and then we have our room and he's
not over there hello
nobody is here X me Olivia sharing we
have my suitcase with all of my stuff
maybe a bit of a naughty shopping bag
there and beds which is actually massive
it's like two is two single yeah I want
to look out the window actually and then
me and Libby have made somewhat of a
mess of Everywhere's my back shop there
and which I've just been on because I've
had to cancel my card because I lost my
wallet so I don't think it was actually
stolen I just left it on a table in a
cafe and great I just had to cancel all
my cards but hopefully I'll find it
tomorrow and it we find but nothing was
spent but it's just a pain so yeah my
laptop we managed to make a nice mess
for there then I will show you it's
pretty like standard room is it's quite
a nice wardrobe I should quite like the
Wardrobe is cozy and it's got stripy
walls which I really like and and if we
look out the window and I'll try not to
drop my camera this is actually really
cool because we are on one what it must
be zoomed in now yet is we're on one of
the main streets influenced so if you
can see down here
at the end of the street is actually the
Dwemer which is the cathedral it's
actually really noisy when you open the
window because as you can see down here
there are lots of people walking and
generally being merry the Christmas
lights have turned off I think they must
turn off because it's about I don't know
half midnight now so they must have
turned off but that is our hotel and
that's pretty much it actually I really
like this hotel I've stayed here maybe
three times before yeah because it's
kind of a good I think it's really good
value for money and it's right in the
center so I really like it and what else
have we got to say lives what did we do
today
did you help me having a nice time we
went shopping for a lot of anything yeah
lots of markets good yeah we went to a
lot we sit on that yeah we went to some
remote for John I don't know if I get
far away enough might get a bit weirdly
close to you
yeah we were it's a budget we went to a
couple of markets and we bought well I
might do a whole video at the end if
they will be in it with me she might not
be quiet we've got the same stuff yeah
matching because I'm copying Libya
should say no we yeah so we've done
quite a bit of shopping and just
generally amazing eating a lot of pasta
we went to a really amazing restaurants
like was it called like yeah yeah we'll
poster yeah I'm gonna do a video
hopefully tomorrow of like the best
places to shop in Florence and like well
not the best places because obviously I
don't know everything about Florence but
our best places and the our favorite
places to eat and yeah because the
favourite shop yeah and those really
nice on the scarf stand
market yes he was so cool who's telling
us all these different ways I actually
filmed him a little bit but I don't know
if I may have just deleted that one fake
camera ran out of inbuilt memory so I
just found out I did delete from because
my camera ran out of battery again so
we're not going to be able to show you
him we'll try and recreate it cuz he was
really cool yeah and he showed us some
awesome waist high scars so maybe if we
do a whole video I reckon tomorrow we
can do like the cool places shop in
Florence and then maybe on the last day
we can do a whole and show you what we
bought I may have made a major purchase
that I've been saving up for a long time
I saw longest which I'm extremely
darling yeah so maybe that you all know
about that but yeah we're having a great
time and I'm feeling so much better
today and living a Shiba which I was
like really feeling sick yesterday and
then lives has got a little bit of a
wheat intolerance and Shai overindulge
drove past me yesterday I think because
you're in Italy you have to see the best
pasta in the world so yeah you're
feeling a little bit that I don't know
yeah but yeah oh my god it's been a long
day of shopping and then losing losing
my wallet just topped it all off like we
were having a great day I was you having
a bit of a rubbish day because a couple
of hours which weren't so yeah kind of
don't know drainie
came through the window we're on the
centre in the fizzy centre yeah race the
drainage and embrace the drainage on
that note I think we should call it
enough
