fog mist a so today I am just
taking Whoopi for brother for a walk
it's actually pretty early in the
morning I wanted to get out here before
it turns like day yes I wanted to get
that kind of like Sun not sunrise but
like you know what I mean when the skies
are really nice first thing in the
morning so I'm probably about 20 minutes
late so the sky is blue it's so cold
I can't even believe how cold it is the
little monster is over there what is she
doing she's doing a we that's nice you
guys don't want to see that she's all
the way over there and today I thought I
would get vlogmas going early so I'm off
to take Wolfie for a walk and then like
I said yesterday I've got a pack to go
to Florence which we're only here for
three days so I don't need to pack too
much but because I'm doing vlogmas I
need to take my laptop and my camera and
like all the charges and stuff and quite
honestly like we're only taking carry-on
suitcases so I've got 10 kg to play with
my laptop weighs about 3 kg so and I
also want to do some shopping one on
there so I'm gonna be like seriously
packing light so if you want some good
travel packing advice then stay tuned
because I'm pretty good at travel
packing yes I'm just gonna walk the dog
and then I'll see you in a bit and make
sure you stay tuned for a little bit
because I'm also doing the giveaway
today so you can win the DD beats the
Joey Malone cracker thingamabob and the
bareMinerals
set I'm probably gonna do that at the
end of the video just because obviously
I'm not gonna bring them out here with
me now because I'm outside but Wolfie is
off kind of hot I can't really zoom in
that much you notice her hop when she
walks that was because she um
oh I just zoomed in really far
my camera's a little slow them again
when she was a puppy like that actually
step back on her by accident and turn on
her foot
like totally by accident my dad loves
her so and he kind of hurt her leg and
now when it gets really cold it kind of
stays stiffen she lives poor Whoopi so
yeah I think she's waiting for me now
got a so called my fingers for likely
gonna freeze off look at her I think
she's got something little monster okay
so I'm trying my stuff for my three days
away and this is my suitcase and you
guys are gonna need like really proud of
me because that's all my stuff like my
suitcase is pretty much empty pretty you
can't see me because of the lights there
we go pretty much empty so I'm really
impressed I'm pretty sure that I'm gonna
get a lot of shopping done if I've got
that much space anyway if you have like
mascara okay yeah
sales premium I mean I don't really have
many travel tips like I do actually take
quite a lot of toiletries with me and I
do kind of tend to miniaturize them as
well but the one thing I wanted to show
you guys was my palette but I'm taking
because honey relating this one set this
is basically I'm taking an eyeliner and
mascara and then this this is one of the
Bobbi Brown travel palettes and they're
about 12 pounds so they are expensive
I'm pretty sure you can buy cheaper ones
for what you get but these are like
really nice and they look sleek but in
here you basically put your favorite
products in it so I've got my Clarins
skin illusion foundation which is
actually a liquid foundation and I'm
pretty sure you're not meant to put
liquid foundations in here because they
might like to out dry out and go Meinke
and stuff but it kind of it doesn't move
I put it in the fridge to set it so
we'll see how that goes I can scrape it
out with a different foundation and if
it doesn't work but then I've got my
NARS concealer to Bobby Brown cream
eyeshadows I've got my Topshop cream
blush and nutmeg and then my Chanel
Rouge Coco shine and boy which it
killed me to do this to my Chanel
lipstick and like jam it in this palette
because should not have beautiful
packaging like you guys all know that
and their lipsticks are not cheap
so having off like half my lipstick to
put into a palette was not very cool but
yeah that's pretty much it for my
packing this is kind of a boring day I'm
not really doing much today if you know
it like this is the first like this is
the last day I mean where I'm not really
doing that much in vlogmas so I'm going
to Florence for the next three days then
I'm back for three days two of which I'm
in London doing some really exciting
projects which I'll film with you guys
that I'm groans keying and then I get
back from skiing there's like two days
to Christmas and then after that it's
like Christmas it's gonna be so busy so
this is like the final day of
nothingness so yeah I'm kind of having a
chill day I'm gonna do the giveaway now
but I mentioned earlier the giveaway on
my main channel will have just gone up
at the same time as this video goes up
so I'll put a link here if you guys want
to go and check it out you can do I'm
giving away a lot of stuff if you guys
haven't I'm pretty sure you all watch my
main channel if you watch this channel
but if you haven't seen my Christmas
gift guides and I'm giving away every
single prize that was in my Christmas
gift guys every single gift that was in
my Christmas gift guide and because I
actually ended up featuring 33 instead
of 30 my arm hurts when you change hands
I decided to give away 3 on this channel
too and I chose some really good ones
for this channel so the prizes that you
can win if you want to win them are a Jo
Malone Christmas cracker which contains
like three minutes each over line
products and these are limited edition I
think they've sold out now you can also
win bare minerals and away we blow gift
set which contains awesome bare mineral
stuff and finally the thing that people
were most excited about are the monster
studio beats headphones so if you want
to be in with a chance of winning any of
those three prizes all you have to do is
number one for your subscriber of my
channel number two make sure you ask
permission of your parent or guardian if
you're under 18 before because I'm gonna
need your personal information and stuff
like that and number three write a
comment on this video telling me I'm
trying to think of it off the top of my
head now because I haven't actually
planned in advance what I was gonna have
as like my thing that you have to do but
I think I'm gonna make it
what do you
for Christmas tell me like your number
one thing that you want I'm going to go
and sit over here because I just feel
like the lighting is weird there yeah so
tell me the number one thing that you
want for Christmas this year in a
comment only one comment per person
please don't spam and leave like 50
comments because I won't count them I'll
just delete them and it's open
internationally so for one week it will
close on this 12th of December 2011 at
midnight GMT and I'll announce the
winners in the next day's videos on the
13th on vlogmas 13 and that is pretty
much it I think I hope you guys are all
having a lovely day sorry today's kind
of boring like tomorrow is gonna be way
better because I'm going to Florence and
I have to wake up at like 4:00 a.m. as
well so I will see you very early
tomorrow I think I'll actually end up
uploading quite late though but you guys
will see me getting up early but you
will see it late at night if I even make
sense yeah anyway I'll see you guys
really early tomorrow bye okay guys so I
know I just said that I was going but as
soon as I put the camera down a DHL van
arrives at my house moment if you guys
watch my what was it in it was my top
gifts under 15 pounds video where all
follow me on Twitter because I mentioned
it a lot on Twitter as well where I was
talking about my new shipment of the new
designs for my website for my bracelets
basically I'm going to recap the story
really quickly if you didn't but I was
expecting a new shipment just before
Christmas with some cool new designs I
was really excited about it to get them
up kind of perfect Christmas present
kind of thing um and when I the day that
I was medicated the deliver it didn't
turn up so the next day I rang them up
and said you know what's going on and
they were like the van that was
delivering your package was stolen which
is like the weirdest thing and then they
told me the police have reclaimed it so
we're waiting to hear back from the
police you should be able to get your
package like there are some packages on
there so we're just waiting to hear back
from them and then I heard back from
them saying that my package had been too
badly damaged to deliver so I was like
okay I don't know about that so I got in
touch with the supplier and I was
talking to him and he was really kind of
pushy
to go back to DHL and get pictures of
like the damage package blah-di-blah so
I ran DHL up again and complained again
and said look I need to know what
happened because it's really difficult
to understand how a package like full of
jewelry could be so badly damaged unless
the car was burnt out like I just want
to know what happened because you know
at the end of the day it's my property
and I want to know what happened so
yesterday another day no because it was
a weekend I mean Friday I got a missed
delivery DHL package like slipped
through the door and then the lady who
I've been dealing with the thi she rang
me directly and said oh hey you know
just to let you know we tried to
redeliver your package today and you
weren't in I was like what package was
that she was like oh you know the one
that got stolen so okay I don't know
exactly what had happened but the
package got redeliver
there were five bracelets missing out of
a whole shipment so obviously that got
lost but apart from that they were all
perfectly intact so I am just struggling
to understand how they could have been
deemed too badly damaged to deliver so
in a way I'm kind of really obviously
really really happy to have my stock
back but also I think it's really weird
why they said I think the other post
lady is here the regular post lady yeah
I also find it really weird how they can
have said that everything is lost
I find that bizarre but anyway I'm going
to show you the new bracelet designs
before the post lady gets to the door
because I'm so excited about them first
off if you can see this is actually to
try and do this I got a purple design
made like I've been wanting purple since
I first did them and it's purple with
like grey they're actually imitation
pearls but then the stones are real
stone so it's hematite and then a black
stone there as well and then there's
also this new design that's I decided to
get which is like a friendship bracelet
and I believe this is with amazonite I
don't know all of the names of the
stones off the top of my head because I
have them all written down but amazonite
and gold plated a little nugget saying
that was so cute and I think they look
quite cute together actually and then
the other one this is like this is going
to be a level hate things because it's
kind of like a chunky bracelet this
is that a gate so the blue a gate and I
believe this is hematite again so it's
like a super chunky wrap bracelet and I
just absolutely love this this stone to
like really kind of rugged and almost
like a little bit kind of I don't know
you're just rough looking I really
really love this one so yeah these are
hopefully gonna be up on my website
later today if I can get some pictures
done of them they might not be as good
as the other pictures really want to get
them up in time for Christmas so if you
guys want anything you can order them
and I'm so excited that they arrived so
yeah that's just a bit of a vlogmas
update I'll see you tomorrow and I'm
really going mister
