hey guys so I'm back in my baby room to
do a baby update for the first time in
ages I haven't actually updated you guys
in about a month I don't know I feel
really weird about the channel I said
this in the vlog that I put up before
right last week it'll be when this goes
up but I don't know I just feel really
funny about vlogging at the moment and I
also feel like time is just going so
quickly
it's like going really slowly and really
quickly at the same time does that sound
really like it I know thing that for me
doesn't make sense but anyway so I'm
gonna update you guys on the past month
I'm currently about just past 8 months
pregnant so I've got a month left to go
I cannot wait I feel like the first few
months of pregnancy were hard then the
middle like 4 months were really easy
and then the last three weeks four weeks
has been harder than any of the rest of
it so I've definitely noticed like I
starts to feel a lot more tired and like
just generally feel the effects of
carrying extra weight around everyday
I'm getting really out of breath which
it's kind of like to be expected ready
because you know I'm only a month away
the baby is about five and a half pounds
I think at the moment so I mean a lot of
babies are born a five and half pounds I
haven't so it's quite big it's a lot of
extra weight to carry it along with all
the like weight that you pull with water
and all the good stuff that you make in
your belly when you're pregnant and chub
as well that you put on so I think all
in all before we put on almost two and a
half stone and it's really started to
kind of affect me and my joints and my
pelvis as well as still quite bad I have
had treatment for my pelvis but it
hasn't really made much of a difference
the physio thinks is mainly with my back
because I've got a back injury which is
it's been ongoing for over ten years so
she was like you need to get your back
sources once you've had the baby before
you have another baby
so the pelvis has been niggly but it's
not like stopping me getting around it's
just like if I have a long day I will
really really feel it and then the
breathlessness is really annoying as
well because if I just want to nip up
and get something I'll go upstairs me
luck so yeah an apartment that I've just
been getting pretty tired like after
longer days I'll be kind of tired in the
evenings I'm having to like rest a lot
more apart from that it's been ok I've
had a few like emotional breakdowns
where I felt really really kind of
emotionally like a bit crazy like one
minute I'll be like oh but that's been
happening the whole way through so I
don't think that's anything really new
apart from that I'm just now so excited
for the baby we've put up our Christmas
tree this week which is actually the end
of November not yet December but I had
my baby shower this weekend and I wanted
to get up the all of the decorations for
that so that it's like the last time
everyone was kind of gonna be together
and not get a B together but like the
last kind of like social event I was
gonna be hosting at my house so I kind
of wanted the tree to be up because I
feel like it was a bit more I don't know
festive and nice and otherwise people
wouldn't really see the tree and I like
to go all out with the tree and like
decorations and everything so that was
really nice the baby shower was lovely
and like I said just nice because it's
like the last kind of social big social
thing that I'll be doing at home before
the baby comes
and it was just lovely like I've got a
lot of lovely presents and lots of my
friends came my family and it was just
really nice we didn't do any games or
anything because partly because most of
the things that you play games for baby
showers people know like people know the
name people know the date which actually
is something I haven't mentioned how did
I forget this I guess I'm kind of like
filling you in on the last month but I
found out I'm having to have a cesarean
section which I know a lot of people
would freak out about or be like really
really scared about but I'm kind of I
have mixed feelings about it partly
because my mum had cesareans she had to
have all those errands and my sister had
several cesarean so I feel like I've I
know a lot of people who have been
through it and have had like a positive
experience
in terms of that and it's not like super
super scary I think a lot of the other
people I've spoken to have had emergency
caesareans end up having just the worst
worst experience so I'm kind of like
happy that it's at least planned and it
won't be you know going into labor
having a really bad labor and then
having to have an emergency c-section
I'm glad about that and I'm glad that
it's like a fixed date but I'm still
absolutely terrified that it's gonna be
like the worst thing ever because I've
never had proper surgery before I've
never really been into hospital before
and you have to stay in for much longer
with a cesarean so um yeah I'm kind of I
have mixed emotions about it and I
haven't really spoken about why or like
any of the medical stuff throughout
pregnancy which I do I kind of don't
want to like for me I feel like it's
quite private like I'm the same with the
scans I didn't want to record our scans
but yeah basically just the position of
the baby and everything so that is what
is happening so that's kind of a
difference I guess I have a date I'm not
gonna share the date with you guys just
in case something goes wrong or she
comes early I might go into labor and
then have to rush Hospital or whatever
but hopefully if everything goes as
planned I have a date so I feel good
about that like I feel like it's it's
organized and I don't know like I'm
quite happy about that aspect of it and
then part me is a little bit I don't
know you know I don't want to think
about it too much because you can never
plan things like a lot of people try and
like have a really specific birth plan
and this and that in the other but at
the end of the day with babies they're
going to come out how they want to come
out how they need to come out so um you
can't always be in control of that and
I'm pretty chill about that fact so we
shall see and I packed up my hospital
bags I'm gonna be doing a video but what
so my husband actually filmed that today
already so you guys will see that soon
so yeah the reason why we didn't play
games I hear showers because people know
the name because I've told a lot of
people again I'm not telling you guys
yet and people know the dates if it all
goes to plan so the only thing like
really that they wouldn't know is the
wait I guess
I didn't really want to play any kind of
games or anything so we just kind of had
tea and afternoon tea and like cakes and
the most incredible cake if you guys see
on my Instagram the most amazing like
huge it looked like a wedding cake it
was so cool and balloons and everything
is just really fun so yeah that's been
this month I'm trying to think if
there's been any other symptoms oh my
god less space in my torso honestly guys
I and I'm also really hungry so I get
really hungry all the time like super
super hungry
I will then cook like a massive like I
just did this now and I'm so full
uncomfortably full I'll be like super
hungry its lunch time I'll be like right
I'm gonna cook a big pot of pasta and
then I'll eat it all really quickly
because I'm hungry and then I'll be like
oh my god I'm so full I'm so
uncomfortable and you just don't seem to
learn because your brains like hungry
hungry hungry hungry I need to eat
slower I think but that's something I've
noticed I've actually been quite lucky
in terms of like other symptoms a lot of
people is so funny like my apps will say
the same thing they're like you will be
feeling heartburn indigestion haven't
had that constipation haven't had that
hemorrhoids haven't had nose like a lot
of the things that people say like
you're getting all of these now I
haven't so touchwood I've been quite
lucky in that respect
my sister had terrible terrible
heartburn and like acid all the way
through her pregnancies and so I kind of
thought like oh no am I gonna get that
as well and I haven't so I felt quite
lucky in that respect um in terms of new
things I've bought I've been given a lot
this month from the baby shower which
I'm gonna do a baby shower haul on my
main channel which you guys will see but
there's been only a couple of things
that I've actually bought this month for
the baby and they're not major things I
feel like I'm pretty much sorted with
the gear side of things I've got three
little things I bought this month I
wanted to show you two hats and a teddy
bear so this is the little teddy bear
that I bought actually pick this up in
jewels it's a little fox it looks like a
jelly Catwoman it's not it's Joe manda I
just thought this was so cute I
absolutely love it and Mike loves things
with foxes and badgers and like wildlife
on every time we go into a shop and
there's like boys clothes
with foxes on he wants to buy them so I
thought that he would really like this
and I just know it just looks a bit
different to having the bunnies that
everyone has and then I bought two hats
one is really small and the other one is
like a bit bigger this one was from
Jules with the two pom-poms on the top I
think this is naught to 6 but it looks
quite big so I feel like this will
probably fit when she's a few months old
and then this one that was 8 pounds in
the sale and then this one is a teeny
tiny newborn hat obviously she's gonna
be born at Christmas time new year time
and this was from H&M it was 5 pounds
its fleece lined and I just thought it
would fit her when she's teeny tiny and
it looks so cute and it's got ears and
it's got the little ties as well so
that's all I bought this month pretty
much probably a few other things but
that's the other thing main things I
want to show you guys I'm also gonna
show you the updated bump if I can and
put this here and see if this works she
has definitely grown a lot this month
and I've definitely put on a little bit
of extra around my hips and stuff I feel
like she is and very round I felt like
she was quite low too I'm gonna take my
jumper off because this is quite bulky
I'm not really gonna see much but yes
I've definitely liked from straight on
I've definitely put on like it's got
wider to the point where like it's no
longer like a normal silhouette here it
definitely like comes out here a little
bit as well because she is quite big
these days this is the full extent of
her bumpiness
I definitely feel like she's very round
look really funny I just find it so
bizarre like absolutely crazy
ginormous baby bump and if I show you
guys I've got quite high waisted jeans
on like this but if I show you guys my
actual bump on my tummy button my tummy
button is still you guys know I took my
belly button ring out and it's still
very much like red and aggressive but
there's no kind of stretch marks or
anything there yet
so that's the bump the naked bump it's
so weird
I'm still like really really not used to
seeing it on camera it's very strange
but yeah these jeans are from Isabella
Oliver and they're quite strange because
they actually have the under the bump
band here and then the over the bump as
well but they're tight here because they
have that like double elastic so yeah
that is my eight months update like it's
giant bowling ball these days hey I find
it so funny to look at hilarious such a
funny shape yes I feel like I don't know
there probably won't be too many more
pregnancy updates from me before I had
the baby because I've only got a month
left I'm out of breath from standing up
to show you my bump
that's how annoying is the other thing I
also think must change this mother thing
I've put on a little bit of weight in my
face for the first time which was
definitely something that for the past
eight months it was like wow you can
hardly tell her like a big part of it I
think is because I haven't put on any
weight in my face whereas now I've
started to put on a little bit here I
don't really want so yeah that's pretty
much everything I feel like I'll
probably do at least one if not two more
pregnancy up days before the baby
arrives just to update you guys on kind
of what's happening and in terms of like
content and things in the run-up I don't
know what I'm gonna do I don't know if
I'm gonna do some kind of variation on
vlogmas on this channel I think I may do
either like three vlog every three days
and combine them or a vlog a week or
just I don't know I really want to do
vlogmas but it's getting so close to the
baby that it's get to the point like I
said I get so tired and I feel like also
I haven't really been socializing a
whole lot like in terms of what we would
normally do at Christmas would normally
go into lots of Christmas parties and
like all of that kind of stuff but
because I'm quite tired in the evenings
we're not doing a lot of that stuff
we've already decorated the Christmas
tree so I feel like I don't know I'll
see what I have planned for December and
let you guys know but I'm gonna try and
load some more content to this channel
because I feel like it has been a little
bit of spice in terms of content but I
hope you guys understand a lot of you
guys watching these videos I know are
either have children or pregnant
yourself so I know you understand how it
feels like sometimes you just do not
want to put nice clothes on put makeup
on and like go about and do fun things
you just want to stay in your house in
your pajamas and just like veg out which
is a lot of our weekends have kind of
been like that although I feel like in
the run-up to Christmas they're not
gonna be I think the times gonna fly now
I really do and it's like it's really
scary that in a month's time there's
gonna be an actual baby here in this
room this is a room yeah I'm not much
not too much it's changing the room I'm
not gonna show you any more of the room
now because I'm gonna do a full nursery
tool when everything's finished but yeah
exciting times I'm gonna stop waffling
at you guys now and I will see you again
soon
I hope bye guys
