good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day 13 get ready for the shingles so
today I have got another pretty early
start I'm in the car and I'm on my way
to my sister she lives up north so she's
about like 2 and 1/2 hours for me and
I'm driving up there today to film some
videos for brighter floors feeling a
little bit tired so I have my jumbo
coffee to see me through the drive of
stolen Mike's car because it's bigger
than mine and off we go
off we go oh another note the 13th of
December is important for another reason
it is Taylor Swift's birthday happy
birthday Taylor Smith you're never gonna
watch this but you know just thought I'd
put it out there into the universe I
made it to Hannah's made myself up
looking slightly more put together now
and we're having lunch free right now
look Hannah cheffing what you cooking
soup and bread makes it basic my
favorite I'm really hungry so we're
discussion Ollie's here as well who does
the camera stuff right before you can't
see you're out of focus like get the
camera away from me
he's usually behind the camera and we're
just having a discussion about whether
or not dogs can catch human like
illnesses because one of the guys has
just had norovirus and has been a
bombing in the bathroom all night and
we're talking about how to avoid getting
it ourselves but debatably the dog may
have licked him in the face and then
we're thinking can the dog now spread
virus to us and then we'll all be
bombing will the dog be bombing Hannah
thinks that the dog can catch norovirus
because
I'm also in using this today guys I
don't know if you've seen anything about
this on social media yeah everyone seems
to be going crazy for beauty pie I don't
know if PewDiePie knows about it yet
sounds a bit like his his trademarks
username but it's basically a very weird
concept whereby pay 10 pounds a month to
be a member and then you can buy the
products for cross price so they will
end up being like 2 pounds 3 pounds
whatever but you have to have paid that
10 pounds a month see and then you can
buy 4 to 5 products per month like 100
retail pounds worth it's actually quite
confusing but I've been trying it out
how things are sounds amazing new you
but would you use it would you buy
because you have to pay 120 pounds
for the year now I think you pay monthly
but I've been using the makeup say so
I've got the foundation and the
highlighter on and I'm not gonna lie
it's pretty amazing I'm scar is also
really good I'm wearing the lipstick and
the eye liner and the lip liner and the
powder so I'm testing it all out I might
do like a full video on it tomorrow I'm
kind of undecided about whether or not
it's a good idea what do you guys think
have you heard anything about it it's
kind of a cool concept it's also pretty
rare now that everybody likes that
anyone does something original in the
beauty world because I feel like there
are so many launches it's like
constantly something coming out so yeah
different at least just got home after
quite honestly a bit of a nightmare
journey because it took me three hours
to get home and that was crazy rain like
the whole way you know it's just like
spray back on the motorway and it wasn't
good but I'm home I'm feeling pretty
tired you know when you're like falling
asleep in the car luckily I had my whole
travel mug full of coffee and I was like
sipping the coffee like don't fall
asleep don't fall asleep but I made it
back and I want to show you this my
mom's been here today with Mike and
she's done our fireplace for Christmas
look at this it's so magical my mom is
so clever with like flowers and
arranging stuff I feel like you can't
really see it but it looks like so much
better in real life because it's like
it looks a bit crazy like this but it's
so cool and she's put these um silk
roses in there and like sprayed
pinecones and she's picked all of the
foliage from the garden and she's
amazing I love my mother's got candles
in it very exciting and this one is
cheffing it up again I feel like you've
been such a good chef the last few days
what do we have for dinner
steak yes extra trimmed British beef
Phil its daily oh yeah broccoli
something smells delicious and garlicky
they are rosemary rosemary garlic onion
salt pepper and olive oil but that these
contactus is that different to a potato
I've also just opened my mail and I'm so
beyond lucky look at what arrived in the
mail for me today I feel very very
spoiled the first one is this seriously
ping is I mean it's the subtle color I
love it's like the biggest Barbie
handbag in the world this is from Hillen
friends and there it came with a little
message saying happy Christmas love Hill
and Friends that is so amazing thank you
so much this chain is so heavy I cannot
wait to wear that I think is awesome and
then I also got this little badger from
Strasburg how awesome is that I actually
have this in a different color but this
metallic is amazing like properly
mirrored I love it perfect Christmas
party bag and they also sent me this
which I'm going to give to Mike because
I think he's gonna like it
this is for you your favorite a
wrapped-up caramel lovin ur feeling very
spoiled and lucky this evening very
spoiled because of the bags but very
lucky because I'm just home with my
bears this one is like yes with me why
are you not stroking me right now look
at her little face you're a diva yes
yeah I'm also really impressed this
makeup I haven't touched up the lipstick
at all and it is starting like it's
faded a lot I've eaten lunch and had a
giant coffee the foundation is really
good I'm quite impressed I think I'm
gonna do a full review of this beauty
pie stuff and it may be good so I'm
getting ready to head back out the door
right now sounds crazy but basically
I've had a bit of a rapping violent I
bought I obviously said to you guys in
the haul video where I bought my
wrapping paper from Paper Chase I
thought I had ordered nine rolls of it
online
I'd actually only bought one and I
thought I'd ordered the others online
however it seems like the order didn't
go through so I thought they were gonna
arrive today and they never arrived so I
like double checks back and they were
still in my basket for some reason even
though I was pretty sure it paid for
them online and they're now sold out
online so you know all of the wrapping
that I showed you the other night I did
all that with one roll and all of my
ribbons and now they're sold out and I
can't get them so I'm doing and also I
wanted to do a lot of my rapping tonight
because the rest of the week is quite
busy and anyway long story short I'm
doing two Tesco to get some wrapping
paper and it's not going to be the same
as my other wrapping paper like I've
already wrapped up presents in and that
stresses me out because I'm a bit OCD
about my present giving a Christmas I
like everything to be matching
so yes I also need to upload yesterday's
vlog and I think it will work better
from Tesco's car park with my 4G
connection and then it will at home with
this rubbish Internet
so let's do this late-night Tuesday test
go visit my life is crazy limited choice
guys limited choice they do have this
day Frank this could work with my
glittery labels and they have these
which could definitely work only gold
those hmm just a few rolls of wrapping
paper the lady in tuskys was laughing at
me but I think this will go well and I
also managed to get these which were
sneekly hiding well I just dropped them
so I have like silver look at this
sparkly one quite like silver ribbons
and I also got red because I thought the
red might look quite nice at the silver
and then the tied but still not as good
as the Paper Chase ones my wrapping
station is ready to go but first I'm
gonna put my PJs on we have a fire
getting cozy or good these two look like
they've already got pretty cozy little
parrot dog doggy number two let's check
oh she's by the other fire oh so we've
just finished catching up with Walking
Dead yes OMG
I feel like the first half of this
season has just been filler pieces it
has been like now it's gonna get better
again yeah I know wait oh come on and
you do this me every time every time
disgraceful look at this little nose
this little nose this very fairness
like leave me alone woman ah think that
I'm gonna call it a night for today guys
something like secret life of puppies
would you like to watch this Bush I
think Wenders I am going in that focus
like a cray cray person oh that one
sleepy puppy yes we'll see you guys in
the morning
hope you have a good evening you're very
odd piggy you're very odd
yes I'm very snugly but very odd see you
guys in the morning
hey night no don't you I know
