vlog must Dave Oh sir I don't know what
that intro is about I just realized I
don't think I go through my advent
calendar since the second so I'm
actually going to do that now here is my
I think holiday you saw it on vlogmas
day one if you watch that I opened one
too
I didn't open three I'm gonna find three
three is a French window fancy pants
here we go you're ready for this the
great unveiling who's inside oh god I
love this perfect color is so cool look
at that and then I need to find number
four - I love it when you miss a day on
your advent calendar and you have to to
open I'm gonna go look at five that's so
cool and this one 18 is in the post box
24 the ones in the roof seven four is
the lamp on earth that's gonna be in the
lab I think it might be like mice or
something that's an owl hello
okay so let's put that down and today is
Sunday so we're not really doing much I
just uploaded vlogmas three actually and
i'm gonna go upstairs and everybody's
requesting that I do a little haul so I
might show you guys what I bought
yesterday with my friend Kat because I
didn't actually buy that much stuff but
I thought it would probably just show
you what I got because everybody wants
me to show you some of it's actually in
my shower already similar to get out of
my shower
I'm gonna grab these and those and then
I'm gonna go into my spare room which is
the room that I film in and show you
guys how much of a mess it is in there
because today I've been filming my big
Christmas giveaway video which is going
to be up tomorrow yeah Monday it's gonna
be up tomorrow so I'm I'm just so
excited about this cuz there's a lot of
stuff I'm gonna show you now my light is
on so it's really really bright in here
can I switch it off actually okay so
yeah this is the mess that I've created
in filming the video so I'm going to
pack all these up and these are all the
prizes
there's stuff all over the floor because
they were in those bags and it's
basically just a humongous mess so I'm
gonna show you what I bought yesterday
it's not very extensive the first thing
is this hat and you might recognize it
from my Christmas gift guide video as
well I got this there's actually the one
that I'm giving away is I just put it on
now and I just realized this one is
darker for some reason how weird anyway
but I tried it on in the video where I
was having it as like a gift and I
bought off my cousin for Christmas and
they are just a woman uglier and I'm
going skiing in like ten days or
something so I kind of treated myself to
one even though it's gonna be like
Christmas time I just thought I would
buy one because skiing before Christmas
I need a warm head when I'm skiing
otherwise you get very cold because it's
all snowy I also got a couple of things
from soap & Glory the first thing I and
I love sober glory but I never actually
I haven't bought any of this stuff in so
long so the first thing I got is the
righteous butter which is the body
butter version of the hand food hand
cream which I love it smells the same
and I used this this morning it's
amazing it leaves your skin feeling like
well it actually says velvet as well
like seed leaves just giving life Elva
it's really really nice and this smells
delicious
I also bought and the reason why I was
looking at so glorious because one of my
really good friends actually recommended
this which is the some like it hot body
scrub and this is amazing I use this
this morning and it literally it's like
warms up ridiculously it gets so hot
it's crazy I can't even believe it you
like rubbing between your hands and it's
like thermal it's crazy I also bought an
ollie nail polish which is in oak about
a boy I don't actually have it because I
dropped it on the driveway outside I
might even try and show you where it is
and I haven't been outside yet today
because it's so cold so can you see that
down there that is my only nail polish
that I need to go and pick up it's okay
no one's gonna drive over it because
it's my car that's in front of it so I'm
not too worried about that I also got
something for my blog giveaway next week
I got matte cream shine glass indie
light it's actually spelled like the
it's gonna focus d like instead of just
delight and I'm doing a blog post about
this I don't know if you guys follow my
blog but I do blog post schooled I just
had a total mental blank I do blog post
blog blog post called lip lust and then
whichever lipstick or lip gloss or lip
balm and loving at the moment and I've
been obsessed with this lip gloss
recently and I thought it was limited
edition and it is not I found out it
wasn't so I was like brilliant I'll go
and do one for a giveaway because I do a
giveaway every single week on my blog so
this is going to be going up on Friday
so yeah go and enter as well if you want
to win this week I'm giving away a bare
minerals night treatments if you want to
win that go and enter as well but yeah I
have a good way every single week to say
I'm trying about anything else I think
that's it I really do and I've got to go
over to my boyfriend's parents now
because they're having like a big family
party he's over there already actually
cooking roast which is kind of
traditional stuff I don't think I'm
gonna film just because it's like their
whole family and it's kind of awkward to
get the video camera out and be like hey
I'm the weird girlfriend that's gonna
film you eating your dinner
so yeah I'll probably see you later for
X Factor if not actually maybe I'll just
finish this here and won't film later
because then I can actually get it up
the right day for once cuz I've been
running like a day behind schedule
because most of the time the stuff that
I do that goes on into the evening and
then by the time I get home by the time
I've edited and then it takes a few
hours to export so I usually export
whilst I'm asleep and then upload it
first thing in the morning but I might
actually finish here and do it today and
then I'll see you tomorrow tomorrow is
my last day before I'm going to Florence
which I'm so excited about literally I
can't even contain my excitement I've
got to leave at like 4:00 in the morning
on Tuesday so that's gonna be some good
logging I hope I have Wi-Fi if I don't
have Wi-Fi it is gonna be bad bad news
for vlogmas obviously so yeah that's
pretty much it don't forget to check out
vlogmas tomorrow because i'm going to be
giving away don't care to check out
vlogmas and my main channel tomorrow
because i'm gonna be giving away all of
this and then three of the things i'm
actually i'll tell you now i'm going to
be giving away the monster beats
the bareMinerals set and the Joe Malone
cracker everything is like falling
everywhere so I'm going to be giving
away these three on this channel so make
sure you tune in tomorrow to begin with
a chance to win those as well and that
is pretty much it for vlogmas day 4 I'll
see you tomorrow bye guys
