hi everyone so today has literally been
the longest day in the whole world I'm
so tired
I actually had to go to London very very
last minute to do a shoot with Karma
which is actually really awesome because
I got to have my makeup done by a very
very well-known makeup artist called
Alex Byrne and she was lovely it was
really cool but it means that my vlogmas
plans were kind of put on hold
somebody's just got home
Luke Turin is where have you been
looking what it ah not working someone's
a little bit excited yes a little bit
overexcited when like it I I'm just
saying you choose oh no wonderful if you
had a nice day very boring meetings all
day yeah I was just explaining how I
might put this up here actually does
that work no coming to shop with me tell
me about your day it's very boring
meetings but me and Mike both had a
really boring day it makes lovely see
coming tomorrow
so yeah we've both had a really boring
day but on the plus side it's Friday
which means it's the weekend tomorrow
what do you think about that worth what
are your thoughts your dinner on your
nose no so yeah I might have a bath you
know a show you have might have a lush
bath and obviously I'm not gonna film
that you're gonna play goodnight
anything to say that's great what are
you doing they do but it gave me a bit
of calm and fine no gaming so yeah I'll
keep you updated am I gonna get some
Chinese quite peckish Ashley handsome
now so Mike's going in to the shop to
get drinks and I feel like spying on him
whilst I'm in the car he looks like he's
doing a wee mmm
you didn't go for any of those drinks
I think he went to get beer
because his friend Matt is coming over
and the people in that car just realized
that I was filming and I think they
probably thought I was talking them
today I should like hide a little bit
like incognito style here he comes here
he comes
would your little interview when he gets
in the car what are you doing nothing
you should probably do a new video what
are the sweetest and it bitters are fine
to spike it's really sick living your
allowed you did get something for me I
was like it was not really good
didn't have anything diet so ginger beer
good drink choice good drink choice
icing pudding that is a classic boiling
in with it check that out
one pounds this is how you treat your
lady isn't it take away Chinese and a
viennetta
have in common oh yes baby this is a
momentum moment in your day Mike Frank
cutting a wedding cake just screaming
let me show everybody a rare sight in my
life online I'm wearing my glasses and
maps hiding because he doesn't want to
be in the video he's hiding behind it
okay cool yeah it's pretty boring this I
would I don't know I shot a bit full
from the Chinese I have a tiny I might
leave it a while hope you guys enjoyed
blog my stay - we're not really doing
anything exciting today so it's kind of
just a chilled one but yeah I'm so tired
after today that I don't really feel
like doing anything Friday night ish but
maybe we'll do something Saturday night
dish tomorrow so I hope you all have a
lovely Friday night and I'll see you
tomorrow
are you gonna say bye are you just gonna
creep in the background like a creepy
creep always
