hi everyone so welcome to vlogmas this
is the first day of flog miss and I'm
kind of scared I'm kind of excited and
scared at the same time gonna be
vlogging every single day it is how it
was the time quarter to ten on the first
of December
Mike's eating bit of toast here and
don't some work I'm going to understand
a for a couple of meetings and stuff and
I thought what better way to start off
flog risk then show you the Christmas
lights in London but first I'm going to
open the first door in my advent
calendar and I'm really excited by my
other camera me show you guys it is
pretty much the coolest advent calendar
in the world it's a house I'm getting
down here it is a house and every single
door and window is a advent calendar
door and they actually oh there's one oh
oh oh I found it so quickly okay so I'm
gonna open one this is hard to do I
don't have to fit on this side there we
go oh what's inside oh my god that's so
cute that's like a little boy in bed
with the Tabor and a mum sneaking past
for the present love it
so the first window in my advent
calendar isn't open and I'll see you in
month
okay so I'm just walking down off this
tree and I thought I would show you guys
the lights because
they are really cool it's not actually
properly dark yet so you can't really
see them that well but just to give you
guys an idea if you haven't ever seen
London I'm sure most of you were
listening London but there is Selfridges
my all-time favorite shop in the whole
world
the lights are actually really cool I
haven't seen that before I think it must
be for Christmas where they're changing
so this is Oxford Street there is I love
that big star of that I actually love
the lights went up the tree because
they're really neutral words instead of
being like all different colors and
phrase names actually
and actually concentrate on what I'm
doing without bump against people but I
just managed to track down a tiny little
hair so and specially down here i'ma
show you guys it's the smallest hair
salon in the whole world literally it
was kind of awkward when I walked in
because he was him out a little bit so
like I'm following this guy here it was
kind of walking when I walked in because
there's like two people in there but
it's one of the only places in London
there's gotta be a few places now that
sell you each product sounds looking for
my seven seconds conditioner which my
quads make sure you guys this is a kind
of weird bag this stuff is the bomb for
your hair if you want a leave-in
conditioner but seriously amazing so
yeah this is the tiny this kind of road
works in the way but if you guys can see
here main line it's the smallest hair
salon in holwell's I don't even really
know why I showed you guys that but yeah
I haven't heard up because I look kind
of pick a scary hoodie because it's
actually just starting to rain it's kind
of that awkward spitting but yeah hope
you guys enjoyed the lace I'm going to
walk up also Street now I think and I
should show you by his Carnaby Street
because they have really cool lights I
was there earlier but it was actually
don't property light so you can see
lights at all time this actually isn't
yeah I stopped well I'm kind of on my
way to conversate this is Regents week
this week is actually way more peaceful
and the lights here really
if you guys
but they have to cool it slice I can see
these stars and they kind of change I
get smaller and smaller if you look like
a Lowell the street it just looks like
kind of a big blanket of lights but
actually underneath them you can see
and five milliliters Carnaby Street is
actually a little bit different to last
year last year they had I think they
have these huge or balls this year
they've got this kind of crazy mistletoe
design as well as the Molly and most
common streets want to make the favorite
places dropping my name is the kids it's
so cute it's like a really small street
but kind of has really a lot of
atmosphere
I love the whole oh that's so cool it
looks almost like kind of a child
decorations I don't know like you know
like that you would make this cool or
something but super huge size so that is
vlogmas day one I hope you guys enjoyed
it's there all the lights behind me I
feel so festive right now like I've
actually done all my Christmas shopping
so it kind of ruins it but I hope you
guys enjoyed
Florist a1 and I will see you won't
