hi everyone so I haven't filmed a video
on this channel in over two weeks which
is really bad so I'm sorry for that but
I thought I would do and ask me anything
type kind of video thinking of obby
because I've never done one before
and I get also lonkwhy a little I get
asked a lot of questions that are kind
of the same all the time so I've tweeted
about it and I put it on Facebook so I'm
going to see what you guys want to know
so if I'm looking down I have my laptop
on my lap probably the only time I
actually have my laptop on my lap
considering what laptops I'll call that
tops so okay okay there's quite a lot
number one from breath tarfful how did
you get started doing YouTube I actually
watched youtube videos for about a year
before I started making them I'd always
kind of wanted to do it but I've been
really kind of scared of what people
would say and stuff so one day I showed
my mom because my mom loved skin cares
like her thing she doesn't really wear
much makeup at all but she lost skincare
so I showed my mom I think a review of
skin care products or something like
that
and my mum was like this is amazing you
have to do this so she was like right
let's take you to Superdrug so she took
me to superdrug and she bought me some
barium eyeshadows and she was like right
I want you to make a video on it be so
cool like you know it'll be amazing like
you're gonna be so good at it and it was
so nice to kind of have that
encouragement from my mom as well
because I don't know it just it's a
really nice thing to have somebody
encourage you to do that so it's
actually all thanks to my mom where she
started making YouTube videos how long
does it take using you oh I forgot to
say who asked me this um Lee piece or an
Ellie piece how long has it taken you to
get your hair the length is now I
actually don't know I'm gonna stand up
so you guys can see my hair is really
really really long now I haven't really
I didn't go from the stage where I had
short hair and I was like right I'm
gonna grow it when I was about 17 I'd
say my hair was kind of here and then
it's gone kind of from there longer back
again longer since then
so it's kind of been how long is that
six years since I've kind of had really
not and actually grown my hair but it's
never like I'm growing my hair I never
kind of aim to have it this long it's
actually too long at the moment I didn't
get it cut the last time I went to the
hairdresser's because I wanted to get
the pink in it which you can see which
is faint now actually but I quite like
it looking faded let me know what you
guys think I quite like that it's kind
of and that was quite a ly lucky
actually but yeah I didn't get it cut
because I wanted to have the pink see if
I liked and then if I didn't like it I
could get it cut out so that is how long
it's taken to grow my hair okay this is
a funny one jojje a sex God um which
presumably is reference to Joe Jonas
awkward ask me what would you prefer a
dog the size of an elephant or the
elephant a size an elephant the size of
a dog definitely an elephant the size of
a dog because if you had the dog size of
an elephant it would be really
ridiculous and you wouldn't even be able
to get in your house so an elephant the
size of a dog would actually be really
cool that's a random question
brown eyed b37 asked me how is your life
changed since YouTube I wouldn't say
it's like really change that much I'm
still living in the same place I'm still
kind of the same person I still like the
same things but I have met some awesome
awesome friends through YouTube and it's
allowed me to do some really really fun
things I think so it's kind of changed
how exciting my life is because I get
skewed lots of exciting things like do
go to video shoots and film with brands
and stuff sometimes and I've met loads
of amazing friends like Ingrid
missglamorazzi and Tanya Tanya burr
Allison and Marique and Gemma home games
make it all really really good friends
and I wouldn't learn him if I didn't do
YouTube videos so that's a good change
in my life
Jamie with 40s asks me did you know your
videos in YouTube channel will become so
popular that when you first started
absolutely not I remember hitting 50
subscribers and I was over the moon
excited I was
beyond I was so happy and I remember
kind of like ringing up my boyfriend to
tell him and just be like this is so
amazing I honestly thought I'd probably
get like a hundred years on each video I
never ever thought that over two years
down the line I would still be doing it
and it would be bigger than I could have
ever imagined
and I would have so many great followers
who comment all my videos and just
generally support me it's just amazing
and I never never expected it so that
makes it even better I think if you
expect that kind of thing when you start
YouTube videos they're not going to be
popular anyway because you have to have
the love in it to do it such hard work
it doesn't come easy like anyone that
makes videos will know that filming
everything it takes a lot of time so
you've got to love doing it before you
can kind of expect people to follow you
as well so especially once you start
kind of recording in HD which has been a
really hard transition for me because it
takes so long to export and edit and
everything all of the videos so it's
definitely like a lot of hard work so I
never expected it to be as popular as it
would be but I never expected that it
would be such hard work because it is
either Jasmin Powell asked what was the
first-ever YouTube video you had watched
and how did you find out about YouTube I
actually can't remember that I remember
I could like not remember the exact
video I think it might have been
lollipop 26 Laura who was the first
person I found actually no I think I do
it was a review no I think it might have
been juicy sorrow 7 and I think it was
either like a L'Oreal telescopic mascara
review or something I remember the first
product that I watched a review of on
video and went out and bought was
L'Oreal telescopic mascara which I
haven't used since I had like I use it
for about six months after that maybe a
year actually no I'm still using it when
I started YouTube but I haven't used one
since then because as soon as I started
YouTube I wanted to like keep on trying
new things to review herself so I
haven't used one of those mascara since
then and they're amazing so maybe I'll
go out and buy one let's see
Marlo Shawn Oh Marlo's harm asks how
long have you and your boyfriend been
together we've been together for just
over four years we got together at the
end of August so August September
October November so four years and three
months so quite a long time we've been
living together for two and a half years
about as well so quite a long time and
the same person Marlo's Haan asks when
is he or what's by him for Christmas
video coming out because I seriously
need some help to buy my boyfriend a
gift my water by home video will be out
hopefully on Monday my walk by her vo
was up yesterday night it was meant to
be on Monday and I filmed and edited it
in time but because it was such a long
video at 16 minutes I actually it
wouldn't upload it took like seven hours
to upload and then failed so I ended up
doing it the next day so it should be up
on Monday Emme 8 8 1 asks what are you
hoping to get for Christmas I actually
don't have a massive Christmas wish list
this year um I need some like new black
plain heels like mid heroes which are
definitely on my Christmas list and I
saw some of the boot and knee-high black
leather boots which I really want but I
won't get them because they're like a
thousand pounds but they're what I
really want
if Santa is gonna be very very generous
they or what I would really want but you
know I don't have a massive thing
actually there's some cushions in Zara
home that are gray like gray wool with
beads on I really want for Christmas as
well because I've had the cushions on
I'll bet this is the guest room so not
this but I like the cushions on this bed
in my room are from when I was at uni
and they're from Primark and they're
really not very nice and they getting
all frayed so I'd really like some nice
new cushions for my bed a chic Beauty
has asked I'm not sure if you've
answered this before but what was the
first makeup item you remember
purchasing I actually remember this very
very clearly and I wore it continually
because
I did have makeup before it but I think
all that was kind of like stolen from my
mother and my sister but it was a number
seven I shadow quad and it had like a
cream pink eyeshadow and then it had
like pastel pink like a silver and then
like a pastel purple which I so would
not wear now but I wore it like every
single day when I was 13 and he loved it
maybe not every single day but like
every single day I went makeup when I
was setting you know like have this pink
eyeshadow when I was going out to
parties and stuff and alright loved it
yeah and it was pretty awful to be
honest so I'm just gonna switch over to
Facebook and see if anyone has asked me
any questions I only got one question on
Facebook I think Facebook is a lot
different to Twitter I think people
respond much quicker on Twitter if you
could visit any country which would it
be this is a really hard one because I
absolutely love traveling and I travel a
lot actually as well at the moment I
probably say Thailand because Thailand
has been somewhere that I've always
always wanted to visit but I've never
had a chance to so I would love to visit
there I always love visiting the States
it's probably my favorite place to go
and I know it's kind of a boring answer
because it's not very different to the
UK culturally or obviously it would
speak the same language there's similar
shops and stuff but I just love visiting
the States
and there are a lot of places that I
haven't been in the states that I would
love to go I'd love to go to the deep
south I'd love to go to Chicago I would
love to go anywhere really but no um
yeah so mistakes is like my favorite
place to go on holiday but I would love
to visit Thailand and generally
Southeast Asia as well there are some
places in Europe I still haven't visited
as much as I would like I still haven't
been to Venice and Italy and I really
want to go there so that's kind of next
up that was kind of an easy visit as
well because you can get quite cheap
flies to Italy from the UK so that's an
easy one and I'm going to go back on
Twitter now and see if there are any
more questions um Kirsten Kat or Kirstie
in Canon asks would you ever cut your
hair short no in a in a simple answer
I think the shortest I would ever go is
like here having said that I really
really love
of Pixie Lott's new haircut if you don't
know who she is gonna kill her she's a
UK artist she's really cool
she's got this kind of like pixie crop
which goes with her name obviously
because she's called pixie and I think
it looks really good and a lot of people
actually say that I look similar to her
so I don't know whether it would suit me
I always think that short hair wouldn't
suit me
but maybe it would because it's Pixie
Lott but I don't think Pixie Lott is
just beautiful so I think any hair would
suit her but I just don't know whether I
just don't know with my face shape was
sweet it and I just love hair like I
love playing with my hair you guys are
probably posting my videos I'm always
running my hands through my hair or
doing something or playing with it or
whatever and I think I would miss that
too much so yeah I think that's all I'm
gonna film today because I've been going
for 11 minutes 47 seconds and yeah so I
better go but thank you for all your
questions if you like this kind of type
of video then let me know and I'll do
one again I am potentially planning on
doing a vlog every day in December I was
talking to Ingrid or miss glamour accion
and I shut my laptop's it has distract
me I was talking to Ingrid on skype the
other day and she is gonna do it as well
vlog --mess she's in hopeless and she
was like you have to do vlogmas as well
like it's really fun you should do it
you should do it and I was initially
thinking of doing like the 12 days of
vlogmas so doing six days I know these
aren't actual club days of Christmas but
during six days before Christmas and six
days after Christmas so you can see kind
of like the run up and what I'm doing
but then I'm actually doing some kind of
exciting stuff at the beginning of
September - I'm gonna be going to Italy
with my mum and then I'm gonna be going
skiing so I kind of wanted to vlog that
as well so let me know what you guys
think about doing that whether you would
want to see that or not because I don't
post enough on my vlog channel I really
like to make videos about my life not
kind of around beauty and I don't do it
enough just because I don't remember
they know why I think partly is when
you're not doing kind of like a vlog
every day it's difficult to come up with
kind of different ideas and stuff I love
doing cooking videos but they take so
long to film because you have to film
every single kind of section of cooking
so I think it might be really fun to do
the kind of vlogging every
type things so let me know what you guys
think whether I should do logging every
day and then take you to Italy with me
and skiing and over Christmas and then
all the way up to New Year let me know
if you'd want to see that or whether
you'd want to see the 12 days before
Christmas or the six days before
Christmas six days after Christmas or
whether you wouldn't want to see it at
all so let me know yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this video thanks for watching
as always you can do some cool stuff
like subscribe you can watch some of my
other videos my Christmas gift guide if
you're getting excited for Christmas
it's just got up on my main channel or
you can check out my new website which
is also so exciting and thanks for your
support again for that so yeah I hope
you're all having a great day and I'll
see you next time bye
