hi everyone today I'm here with my
friend Lizzie again and when we come up
there are going to be carving pumpkins
because it's Halloween this weekend and
we have two pumpkins two knives to
sharpies and we're gonna have a bit of
contest my feeling better it's not
really a contour really i only have ever
done this before so I'm not gonna be a
how-to because let's face it I'm not
professional I'm gonna go around and
like in stabs oh oh it's the aqua
technique for stealing your technique
I'm stealing and I've got a longer night
so I'm really did mama I want to cuddle
him off dude yeah also be very careful
while doing this yeah don't try this at
home you might cut your arm off fine if
you're quite you might work small
because need anything quite big doesn't
it feel the stuff out I think mines
gonna fit sir oh yes ok Tojo be faster
not that we're competitive its guts it's
a bit grave it's fish yeah
really thanks oh the race as well I
timewise know folks ago you're way ahead
of me pumpkin Carver you said you've
done this before the kid is going crazy
they're probably oh my god we put the
kids in the pump oh my god at like
non-holiday back door I don't think
that's killer RSPCA your cup I don't
need shoes weren't sharp because I don't
people know what show are these people
know what okay comment in the comments
below if you know what sharpie is I
don't know I is a sharpie on it I don't
know if you didn't I reckon I reckon
more people know what sharp ears and not
know what happens sounds like starting
to sing very much you had to Christopher
we've had too much pumpkin action today
the mouse mine actually looks epic I'm
just gonna throw out
right can you eat pumpkin seeds like raw
was nothing stopping never party okay
everybody are you ready for the big
reveal everybody listen I am ready I
will turn around because it's bit
special yeah mine obviously doesn't have
ears that you've already seen yes and
you guys vote on this okay so if you
like mine better right Fleur if you like
Lucy's better right Lucy boom can you
ready 123 duh okay we need to have a
lights off yeah let's get another lights
off are they actually no my god I guess
makes it creepy on the left hand side
we've got fleurs a feline punk or you
can't see the ears in the dark oh babe
you can't see your puke in the dark you
then yours actually looks amazing so
we've got home let's go you want to go
guys you gone for felines back there so
you get very clever method you know
using the eyebrows for ears as well yeah
pretty clear actually I'm liking that a
lot I have to say fer ya for a
first-timer it's not bad no you thought
yes yeah I give you point to that I mean
not not loaded points but some yeah my
how about on the right action looks
amazing it looks like cartoon character
by it like Tasmanian Devil me it's
called the puking pumpkin we've got um
it's actually got Tom tools as well as
tonsils to hear you know what it's a
pretty poor pumpkin so guys just invoke
but whoever you think is best felicity
yeah donors young babies look so good it
up they've also clean your own put them
and post it as a video response yeah
posted if you make one yeah or tweet me
a picture if you're not on YouTube yeah
and show me because I want to see
everyone's pumpkins so yeah thanks for
watching everybody and night happy
Halloween only
hey
you
