hi everyone today i've got a really
really exciting video to film for you
and I was speaking really really quietly
because I've got a new member of my
family that's a little bit shy I'd like
you guys to meet my little kitten
there's actually two of them but the
other one is a little bit shy and it's
hiding away in this little house at the
moment and I just thought I would do a
bit of an introduction video for you
guys because if you follow me on Twitter
you might have seen last night but I
tweeted about them arriving I'm gonna
put him in his bed cuz he's missing his
little brother or sister maybe he
doesn't wanna know it so basically I
arrived home really late last night and
my boyfriend Mike said something like oh
I need some help outside like we come
and help me I was thinking this is so
weird because he normally would never
ever help ask for help like at midnight
for anything so I went outside kind of
like was he was he doing at this time of
night and into a little stable because
we actually live on a farm so he took us
in and there's these two little kitten
the way - it was the coolest surprise
ever and he's filming this now so I
don't want him to get too big a head but
he's pretty much the best boyfriend in
the world and they're so cute I've never
had my own cats before we both grew up
with cats so it's really cool to have
our own cats in our house and it's just
really exciting they don't actually have
names yet the little fluffy one I just
showed you I might be able to pick him
up again because he's kind of chilling
out next to my leg um this little fluffy
one he's kind of brown they're actually
farm cats so they're not a particular
breed they were kind of just a big
mismatch of everything so that he's a
boy and then the little girl if I can
find her to show you I think she's
hiding okay so this is the little girl
and I think everyone's gonna think she's
the prettiest um she's like a gray tabby
cat and they're all they're from the
same litter so they are they obviously
aren't the same looking let's put them
together
but the eight weeks old and they just
left them on me yesterday so they're
very very nervous but they are so so
cute and I love them together as well
because I think the little boy kind of
has a little bit more kind of
personality the way he looks and also in
the way he acts he's a bit more cocky
than her and I just think she's so
pretty and they just perfect little
combo actually getting the outdoor cats
so they're not going to live in the
house full-time because me and Mike live
on a farm they are actually going to
kind of like sleep outside in a little
stable and everything so um and
obviously they've their mum was a farm
cat and kind of they were born outside
and think so
they're not going to be proper house
pets like woofers but it's really
exciting to have them and I'd really
love for you guys to give me a little
bit of input on what you think I should
call them at the moment we're kind of
calling them jockey names the fluffy one
little boy at the moment is called
beaver because he looks like a beaver
and the little stripe a girl is actually
called a growler because when Mike went
to pick them up she was kind of growling
and hissing at him and obviously those
names are kind of funny for various
different reasons so they're kind of
their nicknames at the moment but we're
not sure whether we want to actually
call them that so if you guys have any
ideas what each thing we should call in
there let us know because we want to
call something funny because obviously
woof is a kind of funny name we kind of
like silly names for animals especially
other animal names like pig or something
like that I've also thought of but I'd
love to know what you guys think and
yeah that's pretty much the end of the
video um it's just a really quick
introduction to them all that you guys
know what we decide about the names but
yeah expect to see maybe a little bit
more of them in the future and yeah I
hope you guys have a great night hi
if you wants the toy whoopee oh gosh you
guys a tough little monkeys hug
