hi everyone so today I am here with
worth as you can see and we are going to
be filming the furry friend tag now I
have made a few changes since very
frantic because basically I've been
trying to film it for the last three
weeks and wolf has just been really
naughty and asically she just won't sit
still
so I've changed it to ten cool facts
about worth and I really hope you guys
enjoy this video if you do please film
on with your pet and post it as a video
response I think that'd be really fun
and yeah the original photo friend tag
had quite a few questions in it like
what kind of dog is she so just to give
you a little bit of an intro to woof she
is a sprocket spaniel so she's a mixture
between a springer spaniel and a cocker
spaniel
her name is obviously worth Ashley her
full name is wolf snuggle Borja so it's
stupid and she's three years old at
Christmas so yeah I hope you guys enjoy
this video is a little bit different
number one she sleeps like this on my
bed with all of her toys
number two she's got a badass funky
number three would be else one drink
it's not before I think receipt its typo
number five she's superhumanly fast
I'm sitting on my lap while I was
blowing
she's a champion swimmer
nobody she wants a car only if she's
driving
number nine she's a little bit confused
number 10 woof is now on Twitter if you
want to follow her check out twitter.com
forward slash woof divorce
