yo good morning hi everyone this is
Philip and we're doing the friend tag
he's one of my like oldest friends slash
kind of adopted brother I know nurses
she was like she was like that you have
22 questions
he's from the states by the way I'm from
Holland
he's he's Dutch English and then lives
in the okay say 22 questions number one
how and when did you meet you will
remember this because I was probably too
young she was seven years old I was 13 I
we went school and I was adopted by her
parents and I know legally just kind of
just like well because my parents were
away Dalton in their hearts and I
literally lived in their house every day
so I saw her from 7 grow up and go
through many interesting phases you were
like okay number two what's your
favorite memory together oh oh when we
were when we were skiing in Austria we
got so fast that we both were comatose
for a full 24 hours we were just like we
couldn't ski the next day because we
went up yeah we got that was a
monumental I was so far leaving my old
life behind it so we piled it into my I
was the only one who stepped up like me
like help me through this with
monumental change this is pretty active
pretty nice level okay number three
describe each other in one word annoying
no genuine genuine I just say it as it
is 100% most genuine person I know
nothing good but it's also really hard
to take cuz it just says it as it is you
like one might describe you I would say
like you're not in that way but your
personality like you're so kind of like
personality is quite infectious I'll
take it what is your dream job
I think mega and creative director of
like an awesome magazine maybe maybe
even your own magazine oh thank you it's
about bloody time okay so I think your
dream job pretty much well I know you're
doing film directors the next the next
my only one remember me when you get
like super famous yeah okay so number
five what is your favorite makeup brand
I just I gonna say Chanel I think would
be contact lens solution what is
something that annoys you about the
other person I think the thing that I
think your best trait that I described
in one word is also wouldn't be your
most annoying factor which is like
you're just honest and danger routes of
the honest she'll tear you up
if you've asked for it nobody will say
brutally honestly nice as well yeah I
know I'm just saying that's why you know
your your best trait and your worst yeah
the same thing I would say yours is that
you're like totally the happiest like
most kind of crazy person but when you
get in a bad mood it's like the world
once a year a girl once a year I get
number seven if you could go anywhere in
the world together where would it be and
why Japan yeah
Japan and eat so much sushi we actually
plan to go to Japan and then I think I
moved to LA yeah we don't we actually
went to the travel agency we've got that
we got the maps
anyway we both love Japan favorite
inside joke did you just go I don't know
I don't think we really have an inside
joke is more like the way just I don't
know it's like the whole of my family
and use like the way everyone acts
together is kind of an inside thing if
somebody so we have a different language
in a restaurant and some resource they'd
be like what they do I don't know you
have this thing with your eyes were you
like point out things yeah yeah you do
like stuff like yes like but but no one
will catch it but I probably I probably
will catch it cuz I'm like super aware
of this hyper tiny media who takes
longer to get ready in the morning yeah
that's a hard question what's your
favorite what's my favorite season yeah
well it is summer but since I've been in
yes in taste since I've been in Kauai
thank you sir Mike's playing waiter I'd
say I'd love I love summer but since I
get it so much in California I do really
miss the Matt I miss the British winter
is it like Taylor Swift yeah I don't
really have one particular favor they
change all the time but Taylor Swift
yeah your favorite song would either be
Rebecca Black
whoa oh boy manga voice boom boom boom
boom boom boom boom no it's actually
called the song is technically called
boom boom boom boom no girl I can be
pretty freaking annoying it away they're
like some parts of it are cool but other
parts like I'm online all the time you
get annoyed with that well you're all
your online a lot but it's like
sometimes you're doing it when we're all
together
yes I gotta be like at school I actually
learn a lot because I keeps me up to
date because she's like way more up
today with like what's going on okay
heels or flats on the weekend okay like
skills pills are awesome know as I'm
like what what do I like to wear oh I
wish I was heels but no pants or dresses
your parents yeah
in the summer I wear those dresses
recently I went I would like to see you
wear a dress really a ball
I see I think I wear them maybe are
doing well actually I actually Rochard
killed quite often went to the Fringe
Festival actually does it slightly am I
wrong to kill the whole time yeah the
kilt with like a t-shirt or something
though cuz it just looks really like
mismatched I have to wear it closed or
closed shirt yes suck it in with the
spiral when you put the mobile phone on
the vibration board number 15 why is my
favorite animal yeah you just might yeah
my favorite animal doggies doggies and
we'll work this awesome PJs favorite
animal will probably I think is dogs as
well and your family dog is called
William
Sir William sugarplum so Willie I'm sure
the button that's an awesome name take
me to your sisters daughters members
like yes rescue from New York he was
nearly dead he was tied to a pole man
found him
my sister family really cool okay number
16 if your house is burning down on your
entire family was sure to be ok what
would you save and why as in what would
I say that one did that phrase like as a
baby you have to yeah ok so you would
probably save your laptop yep
and maybe some makeup I think I'd go for
like mother paintings yeah maybe I
definitely go for worth but she kind of
counts as family
oh we will yeah my laptop would be the
only thing my laptop and my nice pieces
of jewelry like actually sentimental
yeah you've given me makeup is
replaceable yeah yeah I think for you
would be your laptop and also your maybe
you're like collection of books and
stuff that you can since you were like
you have a collection or like Dragon
Ball books you've collected for so long
I don't even yeah so they are there at
my house and um I have some like antique
Japanese stuff like a sword from like
16th century some armor which is really
really dear to me things that were you
know kind of like gave me was your
favorite type of movie comedy horror or
chick flick chick flick for you know I
like action movies that wasn't any
option oh yeah actually movies is
definitely my favorite for you I would
say it would be either sci-fi or action
like you're so into film because it's
what you do but I think it would either
be like sighs right action or horror
actually you're wrong anything why my
favorite kind of movie is political
thriller I love everything probably
maybe changing I love chicken I can
totally watch it with number 80
Blackberry or iPhone
we both have my favorite same
blackberries like retarded you guys
still we still has a mouse scroll ball
yeah I think what the hell somebody has
a blackberry and they're like here you
go you can use my phone or even ring
someone and number-19 favorite me I do
favorite movie of all time for me not
for you I have to keep on reminding it
um
Nemo we gave you a Transformers do we
say what our favorites are yeah you
first Lost Boys
I love that phone
that's amazing it's such a good fill
mine is Wall Street the original yeah
the original I'll never get away from
there see I would not guess that well
it's something weird that you eat
we both will eat pretty much oh yeah
that's the cool thing that's true about
it we'll both try
we'll go on excursion on excursions and
try almost anything like back in school
you see all kinds of like back in school
it'd like our whole our whole Asian crew
would come back with all kinds of
interesting insects and meats and just
try to be well thank you yeah I think we
both equally obsessed with Asian food
like different cultures and their foods
so you guys have anything matching
laptops actually yours is bigger isn't
it I don't think we have any matching
clothing how did these yeah geez Frank
know anything we have any one what is
your favorite TV show
oh you're a chicken it's yours like the
Tudors or something oh man my favorite
my favorite TV show is Vampire Diaries
you know like the Tudors oh I love
Dexter Dexter you know the that's
amazing Curb Your Enthusiasm freaking
hilarious also really good kind of
insight into like Hollywood I love all
that stuff
cool but I'm not super TV yeah no I'm
not the only I never actually watched on
TV I always just have a box that so the
Vampire Diaries
I think I think we did pretty well yeah
thumbs up and if you'd like to see some
more philip and have a good morning
bye goings
