everyone today I'm joined by Miles Dyer
bleh 376 is my user name and we are
gonna do the 15 weird question tags it's
kind of been going around I thought it
might be kind of fun because we were
filming a video for miles this channel
which will probably be up before mine
because he's way more organized so I'll
put a link here and you guys can go
check that out if you want to okay so
the questions number one what is a
nickname only your family calls you it
was one that I was called as a kid which
was smiley Miley Miley Cyrus that's my -
yeah well this was first and maybe I
could leave a bit of cash for that maybe
kazoo yeah I've been at my parents and I
think they didn't paperwork I think it
was just so the baby smiley - well I was
them when I was really little I had
flerbie and then when I was maybe like
1314 that turned into fleurville
and then flare ball got turned into
Wordle and then wearable got turned into
webs so all of my family call me words
which if anyone else heard that they
don't say in public though but they
wouldn't really for like words do you
like it oh yeah then because nick names
no yeah no II like it what's a weird
habit of yours actually there is
something weird that I do I don't do it
so much now when I was in school every
time I'd get up I just like run my hand
down my side like this I don't know why
I just like used to do that every time I
used to stand up that's weird isn't it I
have quite weird whenever I see spiders
about I don't like killing him because I
think they're gonna come back in bigger
numbers and get me you do them not get
them outside yeah well I use a vacuum
cleaner anyway but that is the best way
to get rid of if you leave the window
open and all moths come in light on at
night vacuum cleaners only way to go
through them which this relates to the
next one which is the of any weird
phobias I don't think it's a weird one
spiders and snakes but it affects me
weirdly like once it was a spider on the
stairs and I try to throw like a mess of
cooking bow over it and I missed it
nah
no and so in the endless let down stairs
like extreme I didn't tell ya the way
that's so stealing and they'll quickly
move Mike I find it weird when people
actually inspired as his pets I know I
can't I find it hard to kind of trust
people as far as pets because they're so
scary and but how can you touch a spider
up when you like a big what is a song
that you secretly love to blast and belt
out when you're alone come on you know
there's something cheesy cheesy song I'm
trying I do a lot with Taylor Swift but
that's not really a secret anyone that
kind of knows me knows that I've got
this weird should I just say Rebecca
Black Friday so we can put it in the
tags yeah
story from the answer nice property
they're very different
biggest pet peeves flakiness definitely
number one pet peeve for me cuz I guess
so if I organize something to like
actually to do something or to go
somewhere I get really excited and I'm
like a little kid I'm like yes we're
gonna do something and then if they pull
out last minute I'm like right that
really bugs me no I poke me - for me
it's um I think it's stubbornness and
yeah people that aren't willing to admit
they're wrong when they are wrong and I
think it's a cultural thing and I'm not
gonna go into the - yeah because I think
you know I I just I just think people
think being wrong is a weakness when
it's not yeah if you're proving you're
wrong it shows you've been showing the
right way and if we all just admit
you're always wrong yes and you learn
from your mistakes and that's how people
should be nice though hey why's he was
the last one your number six
what's one of your nervous habits it's
just kind of the same as a weird habit a
nervous hat was also st. you do when you
get nervous I scratch my head and I also
i weirdly like like do this I cut my
hand like on my neck like I kind of do
that when I'm talking people to phone a
bit nervous so if I do this you can you
tell them I was too much yeah it looks a
bit weird actually I'm watching in the
camera I must think a bit odd I don't
know you well we're not when I used to
play
live in my band I always needed the
toilet for going live and that was it
really
and you keep going to toilet again and
again not needing to go but it's just
that worry of I'm a gonna need to really
go and interrupt the king I'm just yeah
exactly but that was I guess I could be
a nervous habit yeah what side of the
bed do you sleep on the left side but I
want to sleep on the right side but when
I started going my boyfriend he wants to
sleep on that side and we had a bit and
I'm giving with it I ended up losing so
now it's because for me it's where I'm
single but I still sleep on the left
side of my bed not always yeah if I'm
actually if I'm on my own I always sleep
like and I hardly move in the night say
so
buzzing on one side and I went move
around right you always think like oh if
you have a double bed or whatever and on
your own you can like stretch out I
don't think I think it's good also the
left side is nearest the door so it just
and less movement to roll out when you
wake up it's already very interesting
question what was your first stuffed
animal and its name mine was called
honey and was a yellow teddy bear I
remember very well we're you obviously
quite cute on your little smiley Miley
with yeah I mean and I turned into a
complete psycho kid and now I've sort of
just turned into me some people hate so
cool I had you know they do every year
they have a bear that they sell at
Harrods is that their annual Harrods
bear right I had one of those they do
every year and it has the year on his
foot and I had one of those that
somebody I don't know who bought it for
me they bought it for me when I was born
with the year that I was born and I
originally named it parents better it
was obviously an imaginative kid not mr.
Harris or
Harry that would have been quite close
but no Harris bear what's the drink he
always order at Starbucks
tall chai tea latte with soy milk say
I'm really boring
I don't drink like coffee or anything I
have green tea quite a lot now that's
healthy it's because I'm not very
healthy when it comes to each other
drink a green tea this
that's how it works today until it out
you do an hour at the gym okay I'm
healthy now yeah now I can have Donald's
that's how it works isn't it - try it
okay so good I'm in denial what's the
beauty rule that you preach but never
actually practice I don't know you
preach many of you see Rosa - yeah you
know me my channel if you haven't seen
it lots of beauty rules there something
quite subtle you go first and then I'll
try and make one up I think I always say
like the most important thing is
cleansing your skin but then a lot of
the time I get really tired like fall
asleep on the so for a lot if I'm
watching the movies I just all the time
and then I end up just using a face wipe
so kind of cheating but there's nothing
like major I just say shower when your
day and then you clean while you don't
practice that oh is it whether you don't
practice what you should do no practice
wear lipstick when going out yeah yeah
you don't think shade which way the face
in the show I think this is really weird
because I don't think I always face
towards the shower head like towards the
wall where you change it up I have to be
now because I think everybody because
the thing is so loose it just keeps
moving up the wall and on the ceiling so
I kind of hold it and keep it there now
I need to get like one arm clean
yourself about us pretty much yesterday
number 12
do you have any weird body skills my
hand can bend like that is that way no
way I can do notes on that was gonna be
my way boys go I'm double-jointed so I
can do this kind of thing I think I can
like that I can also do this with Riga
is a place the camera that is so weird
that's my weird body skill have you done
it
I've got weird when you hear me a
Halloween and you do nails for Halloween
deeds day night is that how you do your
fingers like that
so know that maybe this year
where's this year gone mental
I think I thought that was quite weird
but obviously not all right I don't have
one then what's your favorite comfort
food that's bad for you but you love tea
anyways well food for me is kind of what
I spend all my disposable income on just
I love food so much and dominoes I get a
large piece so I get the chicken kickers
and I get the desserts the drinking and
then I sit there not really fast I know
to meet that lot I used to have it once
a week but no not so much anymore how do
you do that when I was like 15 if I did
that now I would be really is any kind
of junk food I love McDonald's and I
always like every time I Drive fast when
I have to be like don't go in and most
the time I don't corner powdered cheese
meal that's definitely very good come
for food and ice cream I love ice cream
what like Ben & Jerry's or Ben and
Jerry's I like fairly nuts you know any
ice cream with nuts in do not flake
pralines and cream number 14 what's a
phrase or exclamation you always say I
always start my video the sentence with
so or no yeah it's really hard not to
yeah so hard I was that I always thought
videos hi everyone and I also do yeah oh
yeah yes I just art of it I would say
adios to next time at the end and and I
always make speech errors they pick up
on
so I say not anything but anything and
the reason why is because my mum has
always said it for years now you watch
your videos back when you're editing
anyway and I need to I'm trying not to
say anything which is a bit I sense it's
weird I tend to repeat words but they
change in different videos so in one
video I'll say gorgeous 500 times in
another video I'll say amazing
500 and in another sale another say in
another video I'll say actually all the
time and it changes like every day
it seemed to have like a word of the day
when I'm filming it's normal though but
people pick up on it and they're like oh
you said like actually 5 million times
in this video we should do like the one
at the end of the video
and you might get sponsored by Sesame
Street I did letters the day's today was
by the letter and the number one word of
the day there we go
last question time to sleep what are you
actually wearing why was it were you
actually wearing not what are you
wearing
yeah just boxes yeah I just sleep in
pajamas but like never matching ones I
wishes have like pajama bottoms and then
like an old t-shirt
I personally some people sleep nude I
can do it because if you have to get up
in the mergency the night bye though
yeah that's a good that's a really good
point as well and also sometimes our
post lady comes really early at the
weekends like 8 o'clock on a Saturday
morning and if he's still in bed yeah if
you're not wearing anything is kind of
embarrassing most of the time I answer
the door in my pajamas this year and
she's like so if I was naked
I kind of manage it I didn't going to
scare her away so yeah that's it 15 15
questions so yeah if you want to do this
video I know so many people have done it
now I'm not gonna bother to tag
individual people but if you want to do
it I'd love to see your answers as a
video response thank you two miles
thanks I like my video and I'm gonna
link our other collab video which will
probably be up like I said as I'm doing
because I'm not very organized the
annotation was there was it yes yeah
just that that's gonna be like around
here yes so yes thanks for watching guys
and CC by BA
