good morning guys welcome to the 12th of
vlogmas get ready for the jingles so
this morning i'm up super early i'm like
doing circles around the kitchen I don't
know why I'm feeling a bit Restless yeah
I woke up at 5:45 this morning
I'm heading down to London actually for
a kind of like fun Christmas shopping
day but I'm also filming it for a real
time haul which puts pressure on guys
I love these real-time holes and I
really love that you guys love them but
actually the problem is if you don't
find anything you've like wasted a whole
video so I'm going Christmas shopping
today and I'm gonna film it I'm also
vlogging so I'm gonna try and work out
how I do that
and I'm filming another video so I'm
heading off early it is now 7 o'clock
and I'm all ready to go I'm putting my
boots on let's do this also it's
actually quite creepy waking up this
early at this time of year because I had
to come downstairs by myself in the dark
and turn all the lights on had to be
very brave
you know what moving house means guys
new train station it's not even a shop
at this train station or a coffee
machine sad times no coffee for me it's
also really cold and my train is a bit
late I made its London I've just got
flat and dropping the stuff off and I'm
heading off to crack this Christmas
shopping this is gonna be my last
Christmas shopping day before Christmas
I think so I've got to get stuff for
most of my family and a load of friends
mainly boys mainly boys but like I said
I'm gonna do a real time shopping haul
you want to see the actual shopping bits
and what I get you're gonna have to go
watch the real time shopping haul if
that makes sense I hope that makes sense
doing that and vlogging on the same day
it's actually quite tricky to know like
what to vlog we're gonna do this I feel
like that stupid person as well today
that wore a leather jacket when it's
really cold and it's really a coat day
and everyone else is like wrapped up in
massive winter coats and hats and
scarves and everything and there's me
looking like a plonker and freezing my
tits so
in one leather jacket idiot I'm filming
my what's in my bag video right now and
this is gonna be actually on the video
whilst I'm filming so yep just thought I
would update you that is all for now so
I've just finished filming three videos
they're going up over the next week I'm
feeling super zonked now I'm starting to
really feel the effects of waking up at
5:45 I have to say but I've packed up
all of my goodies I managed to fit most
of the presents I bought in my suitcase
which was pretty much empty on the way
here this morning and I'm headed home to
see mdf who has just told me he's
cooking me dinner which I'm very excited
about that is all for now I feel like
I'm a zombie today seriously guys
today's vlog is gonna be mainly Fleur
being a zombie I just got back in my car
off from the Train and I had to do a
little vlog because I'm so outraged and
I thought I couldn't mobilize it on the
train I was being held back by British
shyness but somebody next to me was
clipping their fingernails on the train
and just dropping them on the floor oh
my god
has anyone ever experienced anything
like this before I just tweeted about it
and I feel like a few people are like oh
my god I see people do that all the time
I'm like that is not normal that is not
normal and it's disgusting hello
socially unacceptable it could only be
made worse by the fact in my than her
toenails which would have been
disgusting but seriously who Clips their
nails on the train like what my brain
was like seriously imploding I was like
oh my god I'm gonna go to say something
I'm gonna be sick was so disgusting and
I'm not like easily grossed out but
that's just not like why I mean there
are better times to clip your nails and
on the train really in the bathroom I
mean in your garden somewhere where
you're not gonna get gross nail
clippings everywhere in a public place
and other people might like sit on them
and get them attached to their clothes
and stuff
anyway she was disgusting I gave her a
very dirty look before I got off the
train but I was too shy to say anything
I'm now heading home to Mike it's 10
past 8:00 and I have for now my phone's
been thinking I want to know who's
messaging me oh my goodness guys just
stepped back through the door look what
is waiting for me my bag from Tanzania
ten days later let's hope everything is
inside but first dinner check this out
something to come home to
thanks MDF and he's playing Regina
Spektor's new album very excited to hear
that you still love Regina Spektor what
I still do but like I haven't heard
anything new from her first she released
anything new for a long time currently
sat with my favorite people catching up
on the walking dead we haven't watched
the walking dead in way too long we are
so behind we have so much to catch up on
so we're having a walking dead marathon
this one is saying that we have to go to
bed let me and piggy here disagree we
think we should be able to stay here all
night and snuggle or piggy should be
able to come and sleep in upstairs no
yes that's a good plan Oh such a good
plan piggies such a good plan look at
this dog come on that's it you are a
mean person she's very happy to become a
new owner we meet so she realized yeah
she's going to bed I love you Pookie he
did it to you not me we're just staying
here me oh no they're all going come on
chica chica wants this day come on
Oh No
