hi everyone so you may have seen my
Twitter a couple of days ago about
walking the dogs I've been staying at my
parents house and we have quite a lot of
dogs there's five of them and so I take
you along today on the walk because they
go crazy and I'm here with my mom she's
driving say hi mom so I feel like I
should provide some kind of explanation
about why we have quite so many dogs
because it does make us look kind of
crazy or it makes mom that kind of crazy
she she thinks that you face basically
mum and my dad my mom my dad I only have
two dogs they have mouths and Maddie and
I have a dog my sister has a dog my
brother has a dog and at the moment
everybody's here so there are a lot of
dogs a lot of mess a lot of mud and
dogmas and smells his mouth she is a
conference panel she has a white bit on
the front she's kind of small kind of
scrawny generally not very cute yet no
I'm kidding she's really cute
that's her mom badger who is the feisty
one of the group wolf is very scared of
fragile like petrified and she likes
sticks and balls and walking pretty much
that's her interests in life Madonna who
is
she's always some group has arthritis
which is honest I wish I had like two
acquaintances but she still enjoys a
good walk she goes a lot slower than the
others and Charlie who is the the peace
loubies you kind of built bullies
everyone and then and then whooping I
think what's gonna win
oh no Charlie well get it get it worse
get it steal it with play dirty work
yes
like blablabla 40
my father's you see never be yeah does
what creepy days but like the window in
the tree that looks really creepy okay
so we're gonna have a vote on it
shooter Mouse his mom's dog she thinks
that she is he said you wanna give some
reasons why anything here but she's the
point why do you think she's cuter than
to look beautiful she's shiny she's
smaller she is bad behave I think I
think norte√±a taps towards characters
what what what's like me she like won't
even look that's just cute in itself
with Happy's roof has these little Tufts
on her head like a proper heavy she
she's brown and wider everyone and she
has spots and she's pizza so whoever you
think is cutest if you think do you
think mouse is cutest right Mouse in a
comment below if you think what is
cutest right worth in a comment below I
think worth worth is definitely worth
already I think what may be an unfair
advantage slightly because what's been
on videos before so if you already kind
of has a few a few fans I would like to
say this is bad slightly psycho
stick crunching technique
yeah yeah
