hi everyone so I am at the vintage
festival on London Southbank and I've
been filming a little bit of hair stuff
with fabulous tends to be crazy forties
hairdo and I was looking around today
like a free place for me with
bramblett's and I noticed there's a lot
of cool vintage Tico so I'm going to go
on a hunt for vintage diecuts and I'm
gonna take you guys along with me
because there's like a little vintage
village I don't know if you guys can say
yeah this is the entrance so it's not
taking the glamorous but there's a
vintage village and there is some
awesome vintage stores in there so I'm
going to take you guys in and we'll see
what we can find
you
we have to
hi everyone so you will have just seen a
little bit of footage of me hunting for
vintage teacups now I meant to film a
haul video when I got home that night
but by the time I got home it was about
11 o'clock so I was really tired and I
kind of didn't feel like filming so I'm
gonna film a quick video at the end of
the video showing you what I bought I
did get some vintage diecuts you might
have seen me kind of like walking around
I don't know how good the footage is yet
because I haven't actually edited it but
I ended up buying for vintage teacups
and I'm going to show you them to you
the reason why I've been looking for
vintage teacups I don't even really know
why I just kind of like the idea of
collecting them and I have like an open
shelf in my kitchen where I'm gonna put
them all on then when my friends come
round and have a cup of tea I can make
them tea and my vintage teacups and I
know everybody that isn't English is
gonna be like oh that's so English
drinking tea probably but anyway actual
teacups
I bought two from a stool but I kind of
liked and then I went to another store
and found two that I really liked so
there's two that are nice and then this
two that are my real favorites but I'll
show you the two nice ones first this is
the first one and this actually came
with a tea plate as well so there's the
cup and saucer here and the tea plate
but basically it's really pretty with
like dark pink and white roses and gold
on there thought that was really cute
these aren't particularly like antique
collectors items at all they're um I
think they were like four pounds or five
pounds of tea cups so they're not really
expensive once I just I don't really
want super expensive China just because
I actually want to use it I don't want
to have it as just a display item so I
didn't buy the really expensive ones I
mean ducat you can get vintage two cups
not like thirty pounds each if they're
really good makes but these are just
kind of random and then this is the
second one I got it's a blue with like a
white rose and I think that's actually
from Czechoslovakia which is kind of
random for a teacup because I guess it's
a quintessentially kind of English thing
to have teacups but I thought this was a
really really pretty design with the
turquoise blue there yeah so they're the
two that I bought first and then I went
to another so I found these ones and I
just love these I think they're so
pretty they like black with lilies on
them this is the pink one and then I
also have um
the blue version - I just think they're
so gorgeous and actually got both of
those for ten pounds so they were five
pounds each and they're from the 1970s I
think Royal Albert from 1975 so I think
they're really pretty I really like
those so that is it for the vintage
teacups I got four and actually love
them I just really like the idea of
having many teacups I don't even really
know why I just think it's quite a nice
thing to collect and it's quite fun
looking for them as well if you're
actually looking on stalls and stuff
really fun The Vintage Fair on South
Bank was absolutely amazing like the
shopping was so cool and I was actually
working with babish that day so I didn't
actually get to do any shopping until
we'd finished shooting for ballast so by
that time I think it was about 7:30 so
I'd like - packet and I had like half an
hour before all the stools shut so I was
like running around and yeah so I got
the teacups and I also got a dress which
I'm going to show you I'm gonna do a
little bit of a quick outfit of the day
it's not very put together but I really
really like this dress you might have
seen me stop in the footage and like I
was walking around like showing you the
fur hair and I like school a dress and I
switched off my camera tried it on and
actually bought it so I'm gonna show you
the dress now this is the dress that I
got it's actually not vintage it's from
a stool that sells kind of vintage
inspired clothing but as you can see the
shoulders are kind of cut out here I'm
actually not wearing the best bra for it
because you can kind of see it has
cutout shoulders and then it just kind
of flows out there and I paired it with
a belt this is just a woven brown
leather belt that was my mum's I think
maybe from the 80s I don't know it's
quite old anyway and then the back of
the dress is really pretty - as you can
see it's got a kind of cutout detail
it's really unusual but as my dress I
hope you guys liked it I didn't pair any
jewelry with it or anything because the
print is so busy I didn't kind of want
to make it look too much and then I just
have plain kind of brown leather
flip-flops on my feet as well so I hope
you guys like this video let me know if
you like my vintage teacups or not and
then maybe if you do I can show you some
more if I ever get some more I had a
really really good time searching for
them so maybe it's gonna be kind of a
new hobby of mine going to vintage fairs
I don't know so yeah I hope you guys
liked this video and I'll see you soon
bye
