hi everyone so I am in my kitchen but
ever change of scenery but I thought I
would do the what's in my fridge tag now
I don't know if this is actually a
specific tag or whether it's just kind
of something going around but I thought
it'd be might be quite interesting I
mean I don't really know why I like
looking in people's fridges but I like
looking at people's fridges like I like
to see what people eat and that kind of
stuff so yeah I thought I'd show you
what's my fridge now before I start I'm
gonna say I actually do consider myself
to have a very healthy diet and buy
healthy diet I don't mean I stick to all
fruits and vegetables or like any kind
of diet like I don't really diet that
often I just try to eat as healthy as
possible
Mike my boyfriend and I obviously live
together and we prepare all of our meals
kind of from French we also do eat out a
lot which can be difficult but I'm just
gonna show you what we have an average
so here we go so this is the fridge that
we have in our kitchen we actually have
two fridges so I might show you both but
this is the little fridge that we have
in our kitchen it's kind of like
disguised in the units and shall I go
down the door first it's kind of
actually quite full I did some shopping
yesterday first of all we have eggs I
really like eggs scrambled eggs in my
favorite we eat them kind of generate
the weekends because we don't usually
have time to cook do a cook breakfast in
the week we have some butter and tomato
puree for cooking and then I there's a
butter dish I think that's some cooking
chocolate and then nail varnish in the
end there I don't know why that's in in
there I think it got kind of gloopy so
we have semi skimmed milk I went through
a phase of drinking skimmed milk but
then I realized I actually just doesn't
even taste like anything so semi-skimmed
we have Tropicana smooth this is
actually for Mike I prefer the one with
bits in it because it's way nicer and
then we have a whole lot of condiments
so Nando's hot pepper marinade which we
do on our barbecues on the chicken all
the time and then we have loads of sweet
chili so we have sweet chili sweet
really another sweet chili you have
Wilkin and sons BBQ sauce which is like
kind of like a homemade kind of barbecue
sauce it doesn't actually taste like
barbecue sauce it tastes like kind of
in-between ketchup and bun with no sauce
a pad thai noodles sauce that needs to
be thrown away because that's been there
for ages
as you can see I haven't pre-prepared my
fridge I think hot why would he salt in
the back there as well and then in here
it's kind of dark
we have Doritos sour cream and chives
dipping sauce we had some friends over
for dinner last night so that was
leftover from that we have some
asparagus which is yummy that's like my
favorite vegetable ever I think cherry
tomatoes and some olives which actually
I meant to make a salad with dinner last
night and I totally forgot we onion and
ended up doing vegetables so I'll
probably and for lunch today and then
behind here we have some guacamole a
little bit of salsa more sweet chilli I
seriously don't know why we have so much
sweet chilli because we hardly ever eat
it and then in the back there is some
mint sauce I think on the next thing we
have tomato mascarpone pasta sauce which
is Mike's favorite thing he eats it for
lunch like every other day I think and
then mayonnaise mayonnaise salad cream
ketchup half empty bottle of wine which
is from last night as well and then we
have a lot of cheese the dairy the like
the past we call it plastic cheese it's
basically like really processed cheese
that is really bad for you we have half
of burgers on a BBQ so probably not so
healthy but then we have some cheddar
and we have some sliced Dutch Gouda
which is my favorite cheese's so tasty
so there's that and then we have some
free-range egg covered taffy it's kind
of like macaroni looks quite tasty and
have a big cheese cake which we had for
pudding last night and there's loads
leftover so I don't know what we're
gonna do with that cuz everything we're
gonna eat 6 we're gonna hold it in a few
days
and then I have some Tropicana orange
and watermelon juice and this is
actually for me I always end up buying
kind of the weird unusual juices but it
actually isn't as good as I thought it
was gonna be because I normally love
watermelon but orange and watermelon
juice is not as good as I thought
have a bag of salads it's just mixed
salad and then we have some sweet corn
which we both love sweet corn we have
some onions down there too broccolis
because it was buy one get one free and
then some apples and these are jazz
apples which are my favorite variety as
you love crab apples and that's it for
the little fridge so I'll take you to
the big fridge and show you the big
fridge as well maybe the freezer is
going to be exciting okay so this is our
big fridge and as you can see on the top
here I don't know if you any of you guys
watch Top Gear Mike is like Horeb cest
so he has this magnet set that came with
the Top Gear magazine once and it's got
like the cool that they haven't taught
me oh so uncool seriously uncool uncool
cool and Sub Zero so and he's like
ranked everything in here as well so if
any of you guys can see your car in
there I don't know all of our friends
come around and like they switch them
around the whole time and put their cars
and number one of things so this fridge
is basically a drinks fridge it doesn't
honestly get used very much I mean we
have like lemonade coke dr. pepper some
extra milk and then like tonic water and
bitter lemon because I love bitter lemon
a random Red Bull and then we have some
champagne which never gets strong
because it's kind the kind of thing that
people buy you fill out your birthday
and stuff and you never really have an
occasion just drink it well I don't find
I do anyway and then some wine which
kind of just stays there it gets drunk
very slowly but yeah it's kind of a
every time people come round for dinner
they bring a bottle of wine so it just
kind of accumulates in there and then in
the freezer the side of the freezer is
the most exciting we have ice cream I
love ice cream so we have mini-magnums
the almond ones are missing because the
almond ones are the best I think we've
had some of those then we have some more
ice lollies in the bottom which actually
these are meant to be in here so we put
these back in the freezer last night and
put it on the wrong place
these last night people come out for
dinner and crunchy and flake ice cream
so yummy and then in the bottom we have
kind of a mixed drawl my lemonade
isolate I love frozen peas some more ice
cream I think more ice cream cream egg
ice cream is really good too some frozen
fish I eat a lot of fish and then this
is kind of like our meat drawer so
sausages for the barbeque then we have
some fish fingers I believe lamb cutlets
these fish cakes are really really tasty
if anyone goes to Waitrose they're the
Cod mone fish cakes and they have sauce
in the middle
obviously these weren't reduced and I
just put them in the freezer we have
lots of mints because we like cooking
mince beef mince and then a couple of
pizzas I don't need those their mics and
then on the next level that's really
organized as you can see we have a lot
of chicken breasts with garlic bread and
garlic ciabatta the fridge is starting
to beat because it's been open for too
long and then on the top here we have I
think this is chicken stock for like
making soups and stuff and then our
bread we always freeze our bread because
we never get through it so kind of we
never eat it fast enough so that is my
pleaser or one more thing I didn't show
you I'm not gonna like show you the
actual door because there's loads of
like letters and stuff on there but
check out my little fridge magnets
I've got sushi fridge magnets they're
the coolest things ever I love them so
yeah that was my what's on my fridge I
tag everyone to do this and show me
what's in your fridge because I like
being nosy it's kind of like MTV Cribs
style like what's in my fridge kind of
thing without showing-off me like I've
got crystal or whatever so yeah thanks
for watching bye
