hi everyone so I thought it would make a
very quick video just so that you all
know about something exciting that's
happening on YouTube this week now you
may have heard of the YouTube Nextup
contest which ran in the u.s. a couple
of months ago and my really good friend
Ingrid actually won she was one of the
top 25 people to be chosen and went to
New York for the Creator camp and having
spoke to her about it I think she's
learnt so much as part of its just been
such a great opportunity to five
channels so when you to burn out so they
were bringing the contest to Europe I
was really excited however I found out I
wasn't eligible to enter because I had
exceeded the subscriber lint but some of
my really really good YouTube friends
have entered and they've got through to
the first round it's a big big contest
as well the winners in Europe are going
to win 20,000 euros and get the chance
to go to London for a few days to go to
a creator camp so I'm just making this
video as a quick plea for you all to go
and vote for them now I'm not going to
tell you to vote for my friends I just
really really would love it if you could
go over to the YouTube Nextup page which
is youtube.com forward slash next up
i'll link it in an annotation here and
just check out the videos there are some
really great up-and-coming youtubers on
there who I know the winning this
competition will probably change their
lives so if you guys could all go over
there and vote for your favorite I know
that it would mean a lot to all of them
if you want to know who I am rooting for
personally two of my very good friends
have actually made it through the first
one is Jimmy Baba or Jim you might know
him as pixie to woo or Tanya buzz
boyfriends on YouTube and he makes male
grooming videos and I think even though
they're male grooming a lot of girls
watch his channel as well because he's
just really interesting to watch he's
really great in front of the camera and
he gives good product reviews and things
like that so Jim is the first one who
I'm really rooting for and the second
one is Gemma or gems maquillage who is
also a beauty girl here on YouTube and
she is one of my kind of oldest friends
that I made through YouTube she's
absolutely lovely and she's made a
really great video on how to make your
own sheet mask which is great I thought
that was kind of really original and
cool so she's pro video up although last
time I checked with her yesterday for
some reason the video disappeared off
the page like and it had gone on when
all of the finalists were kind of put on
and then it's disappeared so i'm hoping
i'll be back by now and you guys can
vote for her but i'm just going to put a
link here anyway to the youtube nextup
page and you guys can go check them out
so please please vote for whoever is
your
favorite doesn't have to be gym or
jammer but personally i would say vote
for them because i think that the best
it's an amazing opportunity for them and
i really hope you guys will support them
best of luck to everybody who's entered
it's such a great opportunity and I
really hope you do well so yeah please
no vote guys and I'll see you again soon
bye
