hi everyone so today I'm gonna be
showing you how to make pretzels now I
did this and I posted a picture on
Twitter probably couple months ago now
and I got so many people asking me to
show you how to make them so I'm going
to show you today I have my glamorous
assistant missglamorazzi standing behind
the camera if you want to see how to
make pretzels then keep watching ok so I
have already sifted in the strong white
flower and the strong Brown flour into a
mixing bowl and I am then going to put 1
teaspoon of fast-acting yeast into that
mixture and then I'm going to add 2
tablespoons of white brown soft sugar
which is kind of stuck together here so
2 tablespoons of that pencil and then 1
teaspoon of salt like that and then I'm
just gonna mix those together in the
bottle of kind of loosely okay and then
we have a warm water and I'm just going
to mix in 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil
into that water and just use a spoon to
mix that in and then once you've done
that I'm gonna be using a food mixer
with dough hooks which looks like this
demonstration then I'm going to just
slowly start introducing the water into
the dry mixture
and then using the dough hooks just mix
this in adding the water kind of as you
go along
okay so once you have the dough it's
gonna stick in the hooks like that yeah
we just want to make sure you have clean
hands as well before you do that just
kind of fold this and on itself make
sure it's not too gooey and then we're
gonna switch to a flat surface make sure
that the you have enough flour on the
surface that doesn't stick and then just
kind of like push it away and then fold
it back in I'm really not very pro at
this but you know well it'll do for now
hopefully there aren't any professionals
watching yeah let's hope let's hope the
sauce is a boy nice face I don't think
they've done pretzels so you know tell
me when you can learn something so you
want to keep on doing this for I know
this sounds bad but ten minutes oh
that's a workout yeah serious workout so
once you've done that hard work you're
gonna be left with a kind of smooth
dough and then it springs back when you
look like faith in it good screamer make
a baby okay so we have this little
matter here and it springs back when you
like lightly touch it slowly it's not
what you always hear when you go like I
know you're like boom so yeah his cheeks
we can add a little bit of a smiley face
okay so we have our dome and it looks
like Ninja Turtle okay and then we are
just gonna put this in a bowl we've got
a little bit of oil in the bottom of the
bowl just to oil the dough so that
doesn't stick to the bowl so I'm just
gonna put that in there and turn it
around a few times just to coat the
dough in oil okay we're just gonna clean
film this and then we're gonna leave it
in if I can break the cling film and
then we're gonna leave it in a warm kind
of draft-free place for an hour to three
hours depending on how much time you
have I usually leave it an hour if I'm
going out I'll just leave it for a few
hours and it will have risen hopefully
so we'll be back in 1 3 hours okay so
this has been sitting for about an hour
and a half as you can see it has grown
we're just going to take the cling film
off and just pull this out of here and
it's kind of puffy because all the
has made it pop it onto a flat surface
with some flour just so that the oil
isn't sticky and what we're going to do
now is just divide this into kind of we
can roll it around a little bit just to
get the flour on and we're going to
divide this into ten smaller balls and
each one should be kind of science
you've done each one you just want to
put it underneath a tea towel or a cloth
just to stop the hair getting tokay so
there are other balls under there and we
just want to make sure the work surface
is kind of floured so that nothing
sticks and we're going to start to roll
the ball into a nice snake shape like
this and you want to make it as thin as
you can really I mean ideally it would
be maybe like two pencils thick but it
tends to do this like spring rag yeah
shrink cast it it's shrink tastic and
this one's not gonna be very even but
hey you know I made going for rustic so
here we go with our long snake and we
just want to bring it around like this
twist it twist it once more bring this
round and then just flip that Center
over and then just kind of stretch it
out oh that looks good Thanks thanks
Ingrid it does and then we want to take
a little bit of water I conveniently
have my tap right there and just work
this here so that the ends stick onto
the main body of the pretzel and you're
good to go so these onto some baking
trays that are already lined with
parchment so I'm gonna do least and then
we'll be back here our pretzels I think
we did a pretty good job
okay so whilst we're waiting for this to
come to the boil we're just gonna make a
little bit of cinnamon sugar topping for
the pretzels this is boiling pretty fast
and asked me to do this quickly we're
gonna take just a spoonful of butter
here and we just want to melt that
butter so once that's done I'm just
gonna take it off
we are going to take another spoon and
we're gonna add a tablespoon of honey
and just mix that in fast and we are
gonna add a tablespoon of sugar this is
just classic to go like that
and then we're going to add a teaspoon
of cinnamon ground cinnamon mix that in
and then we have the cinnamon glaze for
when the press is enough okay so in the
moment we've got a liter of water on the
boil with 75 grams of bicarbonate of
soda and this is just simmering away on
the heat it's kind of like medium heat
it's just simmering and we're gonna pop
three pretzels if they'll fit into this
pan here and you can just drop them in
they'll keep their shape I think we're
going to do two at a time actually and
it in the space for three just take the
spoon and then just gently flip the
pretzel over and you can see they're
kind of smoothed out and this is what
gives them that kind of sour taste you
know that kind of how would you describe
like the business out here taste of
pretzels so when you leave them for
another 30 seconds pick the first one up
wait for it to kind of drain the excess
water off and as you can see they kind
of look a bit bloated but they won't
look like that when they're finished and
then back onto the baking sheet and then
just kind of gently reshape it and they
change color too
okay so these are the pretzels once they
have been boiled in the bicarbonate of
soda what we're going to do now is add a
little bit of flavoring now I'm gonna do
three different flavors I'm going to do
I'm gonna do them all on this tray just
to make it easier I'm gonna do one kind
of original salted one I'm going to do
one sesame and then two of them are
going to be the cinnamon sugar so for
the first two what you want to do is to
take a little bit of butter on some
baking parchment and I'm just going to
just wipe a little bit of the butter
onto the pretzel here and now it should
melt because these are still warm so
just so that's the salt and sesame seeds
I've got something to stick to
and then once this on that I'm just
going to sprinkle a few sesame seeds on
one you can do this after you've baked
them but I like to do it before just so
that they get nice and kind of golden
brown depending on how many you like you
can add those and then I'm going to use
some rock salt just like natural rock
salt whatever you want to use and
sprinkle this on and you want to use
quite a lot pretzels are not good in the
salt Department but a lot of this
actually will fall off when you pick
them off the parchment so add more
rather than less because they will it
will fall off okay so once you've done
those we're gonna pop this in the oven
it's gonna stay in the oven for eight to
ten minutes depending on kind of what
they look like so keep an eye on it
after five minutes just keep an eye on
what they look like okay so out of the
oven these are the pretzels we have the
sesame salt and then I'm just going to
add a little bit of the sugar cinnamon
glaze okay so the pretzels and I'm gonna
just get them off the parchment now and
we're gonna have a try okay so these are
the three finished pretzels I think
we're gonna try the cinnamon one that's
my favorite yeah looks pretty good it's
good well should we transfer here okay
well mm-hmm they're soft I like them
fluffy
yeah okay so that was my pretzel recipe
I hope you guys enjoyed it let me know
if you guys try it and I'll see you know
mercy by pretzel tastic
