hi everyone so today is the day of the
Royal Wedding Prince William and Kate
Middleton again married and I am going
into central London you might think I'm
mad but I'm actually doing a little bit
of presenting work for a project called
girl about town with ballast which is
really exciting and I've done one before
so I'll put a link to my previous one
that I've done with them but we are
doing a royal wedding one so I thought I
would do a little vlog and take you
along with me because I'm pretty sure
London will be a sight to see today I'm
pretty sure it's going to be absolutely
manic but I think that was fair could be
really good so I'm excited to see it I'm
a little bit apprehensive about getting
home afterwards there's the only thing
but I think it'll be fun so I'll take
you guys along with me and hopefully
we'll see some exciting things I'm
pretty sure I won't get a short old Kate
in her dress or anything like that but I
might get some carriages maybe some
horses things like that so we'll see so
I'm just on Bond Street and it's eerily
quiet I feel like I should be whispering
if you can see behind me there's like
hardly anyone here there actually could
be blood there and I think I might think
I'm really hot by filming but I'm going
to try get some window displays and see
what you guys think because so many of
the companies have been putting kind of
cool window displays and like
congratulations and stuff which is
really cool so I'm just yeah walking
along and it's really a saloon as one
definitely have my favourite window so
far they have a lot of mini Queen's
Royal waving and then this window she's
blue and then this window she's pink I
think this is the best window I see
so it's really subtle as well minutes
that just says solicits SEL which means
congratulation than French which I think
very cool
I am Charlotte's Argyle I'm trijet I'm
flossing and she's lovely I'm lovely and
my nickname with all my friends its
hooch and the story behind hooch is I
was walking down Vegas Las Vegas trip
one year wearing and shorts wedges so I
was walking down as Vegas a Chaplin has
been said hey hoochie mama you wanna
work for me so that is how this is stop
somebody thought I was a prostitute
so now I get nicknames Tamar time to
start YouTube channel which looks at the
Royal Wedding as you can see from the
surroundings this is what's going on
right now people we've got a lot of
people wearing jogging bottoms trainers
primary despairs
as great as players cheering should we
turn around we can see the cheering now
I'm just going to show you the crowds
right now
there's a beautiful river here we've got
some unmaintained grass we've got some
cement some st. Johns Ambulance going on
right now this is what this is the
anticipation of absolute craziness the
lots of money men everywhere skytypers
on the road sniper I like a man in
uniform so for me this is absolute and I
love it this is a thumbs up this video
thing yeah the huge silence should be a
YouTube channel and she's having
faster texting on the job
what everyone thinks
how much other investor in cap to
provide pounds
you
