throat long bodies which is and we have
yeah it was a suppose the Ingrid and
flower side of like anchovies I live
spinach and mushrooms and then hours
inside is what did you get sounds like
the more healthy less salty roasted
peach topping oh my god and like anger
is like taking this way too serious okay
what flavor you gonna get out of it
yeah it's cool rags-to-riches back rice
rice rice to enjoy reading so it's the
last night well it hasn't ride yet but
we've ordered it and this place that's
amazing we're in for party space yes in
the fridge science you've been calling
it like practice giving up the excessive
fat mass but yeah so we're excited and
Alison's already she has tasty actually
really good yeah she's never had pairs
of it for so yeah I'm making tasty miso
soup what we did we just went Ingrid can
tell where did we just go free tickets
to the David Letterman Show we were just
walking down the street and then this
girls like you want to go to the David
Letterman Show or the Late Show tonight
for free and I turn around and I'm like
what yeah whatever and we basically just
had to answer these trivia questions
which we didn't even answer
like she'd made yesterday eventually
like what color is such and such like
pointing at her pen which was blue so
yeah so we got in reading it which was
awesome Foo Fighters performed they were
on the with me Ricky Gervais it was so
funny yeah yeah and it was such a fluke
as well because it was raining like
crazy we're like oh we're gonna go for a
walk in Central Park
we're like all the weather starts really
not good and then that came up so
perfect and I got my handbag before she
had a magic bag I gotta beat win so yeah
having like to Ingrid's got the sashimi
deluxe and the Philadelphia rules an
allison go some half a pineapple with
some rice
mochi ice cream your dream come true we
designed a huge them an hour starting to
feel eating that's amazing
I'm just looking at it thank you I like
do I really want to be posting pictures
of the same day you sure we're going to
be enough time tonight hot chocolate
frozen hot chocolate distracting as we
can't see you're like hey this playoff
can you turn it as well no Fleur
we have a picture yeah well I always
meet something in it
