hey everyone so we've just arrived
Alison and I have just arrived on
Liberty Island we've come see the Statue
of Liberty ingress is actually not with
us today because she is over at Birchbox
having lunch with those guys so she's
missing out on the touristy stuff but
yeah oh there she is I feel like this
isn't a very good angle really I think
it's her probably her least flattering
side I know that's her ass right there
but you know she's pretty big so yeah I
think we're gonna go and get a kena
front shot so you can see her in her
full glory she hello should be a bit of
a zooming in action
we are currently having lunch on Ellis
Island and our lunch consists of crisps
these are actually quite good crisps
they're like some kind of potato pot
peanut M&Ms and then Allison has novelty
Ellis Island chocolate okay so
everything was really fried like for
some reason I thought I'd been here
before and I thought that the like
cafeteria area would have better food
but it was pretty much like burgers and
chips or chocolate and crisps so that's
what we went for
and I've got a feeling we're hungry
later yeah I feel really sick but it
smells disgusting in there like McDonald
over Alabama yeah it just like you walk
I think we've done all smells good there
that just smelt like chip bar and like
me back when you walk in and you're like
breathing in chip fat and I was just
like oh so yeah we didn't end up with
anything fried but we there's actually
some kind of crazy construction going on
so we don't have a very good view right
now but when you go around the corner
you can see like the whole of Manhattan
through here and it is literally the
most beautiful day ever
blue skies how hot is it 77230 in 75 it
should kind of windy yeah a little bit
windy nice sunny we like it
Ella silence but you taking pictures
who's that yeah we're in South Pole
right now which is probably the most
touristy place in New York
Alison says it's like pier 39 New York
style yeah I'm cool I don't think we
have anything else to say England's got
feathers in Italy she's like I need to
show them how I'm so jealous right now I
can't even put it into words
I have multicolored feathers like
semi-permanent multicolored feathers I'm
very jealous and what else we're gonna
say I think when we go in here have a
look around
yeah here seventeen party they have bath
and Bodyworks so I might have to drag
you guys in there
I think you should get in their own
