okay so it is some 6:30
is it 6:30 or six six isn't it 6:30 good
Horine time and I'm just about to leave
to there to go to the airport and I've
got to say goodbye to worry this makes
me sad like this is worse than leaving
Mike I think you heard that by Withey
she just wants to go she knows that
you're getting ready to go she wants to
leave you gonna miss me work no didn't
think so
okay so I've said goodbye to Muffy and
I've packed my bags well I have much she
closed it yet but this is my bag it's
packed and ready to go the hair
straighteners like cooling down because
I straightened my hair so I don't even
know why I'm telling you that because
that's a bit of boring information so
yeah ready to go I didn't know whether
to do like a what's in my carry-on bag
videos and maybe I'll try it on that now
and I never have time I'm gonna try okay
so I don't really normally when I travel
we're going to Europe so normally I take
all of my toiletries for the whole trip
and one of these which is a little bit
more challenging but obviously because
I'm going outside of Europe I'm taking
like a proper suitcase because I don't
someone asked me this I'll sign but if
you find within Europe and you go with
Ryanair they charge you like
allbright-nell any of the cheap airlines
they charge like 30 pounds to take foot
check in a bag so no one really ever
does so anyway this is stuff that I'm
taking with me on the plane to kind of
freshen up first thing it's face wipes
these aren't in the things they're not
mean liquid but yeah face wipes when I
get on and Bali so I always like to take
my makeup off just cuz it kind of feels
a bit gross and then I have eye cream my
quarterly eye cream I really love I'm
taking that with me and I also have
instead of moisturizer I have my NV
organic instant revival skin booster
which is basically an organic oil which
just really wakes your skin up and makes
it feel amazing I love that and then
I've got a couple of Lanna lips it
sounds to be having two but one of them
was like the original ones if you get
like any dry spots on your skin or your
cuticles you can use it kind of anywhere
and the other one is the lemonade lip
balm
and I discovered these like a week ago
and I've already used that much this is
amazing lemon aid want it to taste so
good so got that and then I have a
couple of concealers I have my Gagne
roll-on so that I don't look tired when
I get off the plane and then my Sonia
Kashuk concealer palette so I can
conceal anything I don't want people to
see I also have a mini rmk Foundation as
a tester that I was given which is
actually really nice I just used that
this morning I really like that just to
kind of do before I go off the plane my
Clinique highlights mascara which is to
use on my bottom lashes because I
confident on my top lashes at moments
I've got lash extensions in and I really
like that for my bottom lashes then I've
got black eyeliner this is more to like
the end of the flight when I get off the
plane I also keep a deodorant in there
just because I like to freshen up before
I get off the plane because it you know
they see a bit kind of gross a little
blush in my bourgeois pot Rouge in 16
and you're a fan back pain pad if you
guys been following me on Twitter I've
been having really bad back pain so this
these kind of help I just thought if I
get back pain on the plane it's probably
the worst place so I'm figuring this
will probably help me and then my little
lip gloss that Ingrid sent me which is
beneficial and some knocked out lenses
and that's it and Mike's packs I better
go otherwise I get in trouble for being
late
hi everyone so I have just arrived in
New York and I'm in my hotel room now
waiting for Ingrid and Alison to arrive
and I didn't vlog when I was on the
plane because I probably had the worst
plane ride ever literally I got on a
plane and normally kind of long-haul
flights are usually quite big planes
like the usually I'm sure you guys all
know what I mean when I say they usually
have like a middle row of seats so they
have maybe like three seats four seats
three seats this was like a normal kind
of plane that you get the Flies in
between Europe so three seats three
seats and I've never been on a plane
that site is going kind of transatlantic
and I sat down I was like okay I'll be
alright you know small plane sat down
and the pilot was like so guys you're in
for a bumpy ride today we're expecting
turbulence all the way there like
and basically I just had a mini panic
attack not really I don't actually have
some erotic sex but I seriously my heart
was going and I get so scared and the
turbulence was so bad I had I would just
oh my god we had a heart attack so I
didn't vlog that because I think I don't
think that would have helped my
situation so then I go to the airport
and my phone wasn't working so I
couldn't call the car that I booked to
come and pick me up it was like eh you
have to call it when you get to the
airport and yeah my phone wasn't working
so I had to go and use a payphone and
then I had to get more change from the
payphone because the pay phone didn't
work and then hit oh my god
literally was absolutely nightmare but
I'm here finally and I have a few hours
before Alison than Ingrid get here so
I'm gonna go for a little explore and
see what I can find the hotel room is
really nice actually if I can show you
around here we're actually all staying
in the same room so it is gonna be quite
tight it's a bit of a mess a moment I'm
just unpacking but I'm going to tidy
this up before they get here but as you
can see we have two double beds here and
then it is a real mess in Britain Alison
a probably gonna season be like hey you
made a mess before we got here that's
the room apart from that I'm feeling a
bit tired I want to keep I just rang my
mom she was like go to sleep before the
girls get there and your filament more
rested but to be honest I think if I go
to sleep then I just weren't my cup so
I'm gonna try and go for a wander maybe
you go for a little shop and kind of see
the area a little bit and then come back
and hopefully we'll got yeah so I'm
excited
um and tired but I'm glad that I got
here in one piece and yeah cuz the
flight was Gary Gary feel me yeah okay
we are in New York City and in case you
didn't know something amazing what else
to say Maura we're going to score get
math in your bag go lost I am wearing
their makeup this whole talk on the talk
on the fight over how she's been telling
me
never lost bag like though it's off I
don't know I'm just
and now she has like very quick I'm no
makeup but the good thing is I got her
ticket - Chanel - yeah Accra I'm gonna
go there right now and it is
doesn't she look beautiful okay so yeah
Sri Anna
