good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 11 I'm very excited because
it's a little bit late for getting your
Christmas tree I'm very tired Christmas
trees up in November like what the hell
is that about dying
I get putting them up on the 1st of
December that's when I would like to put
one up sadly I've been away for the past
why I just say you've got to do for the
first time ever you've got to make your
own fireplace things today
Oh challenge all over make my own things
to go above the fireplace I'm really
fondling Mike's ass the whole video is
this uh yeah but very tight feel short
let's go and get gray some leg you're
taking Mike's sexy pink up little
Christmas tree banan Christmas tree
vehicle let's do it we are on our way to
get the tree we've measured up and we
need a 10-foot tree oh yes big as
possible our biggest last year but Mike
does it go halves it has to be touching
the ceiling yeah and I think we could
just of us who's 11 a really try
oh my goodness we'll see what we can
find this Allah does not smell fresh
there's all sorts of interesting things
like jump leads for tea alright Corky
look at this camel is it the years to
live under a tree so has been clearly
since we moved yeah leaving look at look
how clean the windows are now totally
doing a cart or in this one Mike what's
in my car special edition you've been
tangoed edition made a little pit stop
via home base to get a new shower head
because the one in the guest room is a
broken and it is being held together by
Gaffa tape which is it great so we got a
new shower head and a hook for a mirror
in the other bathrooms on your show so
exciting while we are while it's oh my
god I the size is small my nail just
installed the newest new fanboy radio -
I don't currently having a debate about
whether the sky is blue blue all right
black behind you move that it's right
Mike just said it's looking a bit black
over bills others
it looks great I'm pretty sure the
camera is not lying as well well I'm
right through once again full kind of
person you are clearly you're so wrong
you know what I am impossible because
I'm empty because I'm
here we go you've only got one tree big
enough guys and it's half dead at the
bottom so we're gonna have to go
elsewhere we're gonna have to go to the
farm out of all these trees there's got
to be one like there's gotta be one how
on earth do you pick a tree out of all
the trees I like this one but it's a
little bit too big I think what about
that one I think that that one's quite
big as well we found it guys I think
this is the one yeah as mdf says go hard
or go home yeah buddy that is how you
transport a tree oh my goodness let's
just hope it doesn't fall off the back
yeah if you hear a big bang and these
are trees disappear
we managed to drop the Christmas tree
off at home just in time to head out
again to go for lunch with my mum and my
dad and my auntie my uncle and then
we're gonna go back and decorate I shall
have been sick and I may or may not have
just eaten five chocolates just for
lunch I think we managed to get the
perfect height tree it is like yeah
unleash the beast MDF unleash the beast
can't go too steady it's already like
half seven oh here he comes
whoa this is when the dogs get really
interested cut all the Christmas
decorations they're everywhere
hey pinky what do you think you'd light
the Christmas tree do you suppose she
want the bush is strong with this one
every year Mike's mom buys us the
decoration and this is this year's a
little suitcase 2016 and it's Australia
because they went to Australia this year
my favorite tradition of excuse me madam
what is that you've got there what is
that you've got there I don't believe
that's yours
I think this is actually mine Pookie new
light string piglet literally never
plays with anything so funny treacle
guys guys
pinky drop it this is crazy piglet never
steals anything so funny she seems
obsessed with this piece of string come
on this is mine for present wrapping
it's not yours no no it's not yours
Hey You cheeky little minx this is mine
right it's going I'm afraid you love it
that much do you pukes do you is string
your thing I never realize check it out
guys I'm very very happy with this
the drunken fairy I am super happy with
our tree this year guys I think it's
probably our best tree yet I'm pretty
chuffed with it and I've just been
wrapping some presents which I know
seems early but I feel like I'm gonna
run out of time very quickly I want to
show you my wrapping for this year
because I know if you guys have seen my
like festive homewares haul you'll have
seen this but I'm obsessed with this
wrapping is so cool I've all these
personalized gift tags from next which
were 250 for 20 which is really a
bargain actually compared to a lot of
gift tags and they come with all these
letter stickers and you personalize them
so as you can see
have them everywhere and I love them
actually ran out of ribbon though
because they only had when I was buying
these in the shop they only had one of
them and I had to order a load more
online I haven't arrived yet so I've
wrapped up quite a lot but I haven't
actually finished them so these ones
don't have ribbon on them yet but yeah
this is my wrapping look of the year and
I'm obsessed there and I had presents
under my tree and I'm feeling super
festive that's gonna be it for today
guys I'm gonna go spread now it's nearly
midnight and I've got a really early
start tomorrow so I'll see you in the
morning
