hi everyone so I haven't posted a blog
video in like two weeks and I feel so
bad because when I started this channel
I really wanted to be uploading at least
one video a week but I just got so busy
recently as you can tell I've been ill
as well so that kind of hasn't helped
and I've been trying to kind of post
videos on my puter channel as a priority
to hear um because obviously that's my
main channel um but i'm back with a
share the love video I thought I would
do a shell on a video on this channel
because even though a lot of them are
beauty related there's also some non
beauty related things in there as well
so I thought it would kind of include it
with a kind of update videos well I'm
going to New York next week which I am
so excited about I can't believe how
much time has flown this year I
mentioned going to New York a while ago
actually ahn-kha remember which video
was in but in a recent video anyway I
didn't mention going to New York I'm
going for imats not specifically just
for imax but I'm going for a whole week
and which covers IMATS as well so I'm
going to be I'm at to New York I'm not
sure if I'm going to be there for both
days but it will definitely be there on
Saturday so if you guys are there then
come and say hi I'm going to be with
Ingrid missglamorazzi and Allison
amarixe who I haven't met yet I haven't
met Allison yet i'm really excited to
meet her so yeah so excited to go to New
York and I would definitely be taking
you guys with me kind of day on the life
of style I'll do a packing video and
traveling and all the sites there and
shopping everything so I'm going to try
and do more stuff on this channel when I
go to New York because that's kind of
exciting stuff going on I have been
doing quite a lot of stuff that's been
exciting in the last few weeks but I've
honestly like every time I do something
I'll forget my camera or my camera run
out of battery and it just seems like
everything has been against me trying to
film videos for this channel for the
last few weeks but I will make sure my
camera's all charged and everything when
I go to New York because I'm excited to
take you guys with me and everything so
another thing I was going to say as well
is if you guys if any of you in New
Yorkers or if you've lived in New York
or if you note no New York really well
then any recommendations are kind of
places to eat places to shop please see
things like that would be very very much
appreciated by all three of us I know so
if you post a comment in the comment
section and let us know I have been to
New York before so I've done Caillou
liked
touristy things I kind of know about
what if there's anything I think
everybody knows about the main touristy
things in Europe because New York such a
famous city bit there's anything that's
kind of off the beaten track that you
guys can recommend I'll be amazing
because obviously we're there for a week
so it's quite a long time and I think
we'll have quite a lot of time to do
some good shopping and kind of see a few
things that you know you don't normally
see when you're in New York so go a
little bit further afield as well I hope
I hope yeah so on to the share the love
actual content of the video here I mean
me nice to share the love for a long
time but I kind of just haven't really
got around to it and there's a lot of
people on YouTube that I've been
watching and also blogs I've been
reading as well beauty related and I'm
abuse-related that I want to tell you
guys about and I kind of have a list
there in no particular order really but
i'll start with beauty related just
because that's kind of top on my list
the first one is a model recommends or
Ruth and she makes videos on YouTube and
has a blog and I honestly don't
understand how she doesn't have like
five times the amount of subscribers
that she has on youtube because I find
her so funny and she's basically a
professional model and has been feel
like years and years ago so she's
actually really knowledgeable about all
things beauty of see she's getting
makeup put on her all the time um and
things like that and she's just really
witty um and she smacks me laugh so
whenever she uploads video I always kind
of gravitate towards them and watch
those so um a model recommends i
definitely recommend that's weird i
recommend the model recommends if you
haven't seen her yet definitely go check
her out another one is bentley blonde or
wendy um and she also cracks me up she's
American but she just really makes me
laugh I can't even tell you how much she
mates with off she's just so funny and
she was a really really cute dog as well
could kiss ooh um and yeah she
entertains me another one one of my
friends who's just started on YouTube
actually I met through blogging so I met
her at a blogging event and I kind of
helped convince her to start a YouTube
channel is London beauty queen or Haley
and she's now on YouTube and she's kind
of like I don't she hasn't uploaded that
many videos and she's still kind of
trying to find a good setup with good
lighting and stuff but she's so good in
front of the cameras doesn't edit her
videos when I saw the first time after
she'd made a video shows that she liked
Ã³leo know
I don't edit them I just put my arms
like oh my god like how do you not have
to cut something off the end or um have
a mind blank and have to cut it out the
middle I was like how do you do that was
really good so I really like her I love
her blog as well so I really have logged
for ages um trying to think of other
ones another girl I've been loving her
blog and YouTube channel recently is
Claire from the fashion Tellez notes now
her blog on our YouTube Raschi on a
different names her blog is the fashion
colors notes and how YouTube is fashion
teller 17 I think I'll put links down
below anyway so you guys can see but I
really like her she's just kind of very
relaxed and she does even though her
blog is the fashion teller and it's more
related to fashion she does beauty as
well so I've been really liking that was
saying I've been kind of chatting to on
Twitter a little bit what I get to meet
her sometime since I haven't met her yet
but I'd love to meet her that's clear
from the fashion tellers notes Oh a
website i found recently as well someone
emailed me telling me that they were
setting it up and went on how to look
it's a website where you you know if you
find a picture in a magazine or you take
a picture of something that someone's
wearing or whatever that's kind of weird
i don't really take pictures of people
without them knowing that would be kind
of weird but anyway if you do do that
you can upload it to the website and
then people see it in post where you can
buy that item i thought this was a
really cool ideas where to get dot it um
and yeah i just thought i was quite
course good to look as well at what
people are liking at moment was coming
things I thought was a cool website
that's pretty much it beauty wise non
beauty i'm still loving josh sundquist i
know i haven't actually mentioned him in
one of my videos before but gems
maquillage introduced me to his videos
oh gosh probably nine months ago or
something back when he was I think he
had maybe fifteen thousand subscribers
or something um so he was relatively new
and then I told Ingrid almost glamour
actually about him and she posted about
him and since then he's just got bigger
and bigger and bigger and yeah I just
you think he's so funny and I read his
book recently as well which is called
just don't fall which I really recommend
this were actually a really good read
and it's kind of his autobiography but
it's funny it's not like a boring
autobiography if you don't know about
your selfish go and check him out
literally the funniest guy he's a
Paralympian skier motivational speaker
he lost his leg to counsel when he was a
little kid and he's just a really funny
inspirational person I just love
watching his videos in his book was
really good as well so i definitely
recommend going watching him and he's
really cute too if you guys fancy a bit
of eye candy you can go home watch these
videos as well other people i've been
really liking um Jimmy bother or tanya
burr other half Jim or pixi was younger
brother I've been really liking watching
his videos I just think it's really cool
that there's a guy doing YouTube videos
and I know there's a few male kind of
grooming blogs but I think it's really
good that there's actually a male
grooming youtuber now I think that's
really cool and he seems like he's just
quite a charismatic kind of guy like
watching his videos as well obviously
I'm friends with Tanya and um yeah I
just I like watching this video so I
think it's quite funny and she's in
quite a lot of them as well and then the
other two vlogs I've been watching I
know this is kind of a bit of a cop-out
because they're my friends but ingress
vlog the grid monster I've been up seat
loving and amarixe is vlog which is
Alison of logs Alison spelt with a
double l I've been absolutely loving as
well um in the run-up to going to New
York with their wife it's been getting
really excited I'm like watching the
vlog and watching YouTube and just
getting so specially with Alison because
I haven't met her so you kind of feel
like you know people through their vlogs
and it will be so cool to me having a
life so yeah that is it for my shadow
love video sorry my voice is about to go
literally I sound like a frog or a man a
man frog potentially but I hope you guys
enjoyed this video anyway if I'm
squinting I apologize as well because
the Sun is like beaming in today first
time ever running and the Sun is
actually bright so yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this video like I said if you
have any tips for New York please let me
know and i'll see you again racing bye
