hello everyone so I thought I would do
the 13 questions video that's tagged
video that's been going around yeah I
don't know if you guys have seen enough
of these already but if you haven't
watched mine you might learn something
about me if you want to know anything
about me but then there we go so um the
first question is what you order at
Starbucks I always order a tall soy chai
tea latte
unless it's Christmas in which case I'll
order a toy talk toy a total soy
gingerbread latte and sometimes I have a
caramel macchiato if I need kind of an
extra boost of caffeine I'll order
caramel macchiato
a skinny caramel macchiato so with skim
milk so that's what at Starbucks number
two what's one thing in your closet that
you could not live without
definitely my black gap jeggings which
I'm wearing at the moment just plain
jeggings but they're more of a Jean they
actually have like a zipper and a button
which I really like I don't write
jeggings that don't have that I think
they just look a bit weird so yeah my
gap black jeggings love them number
three what's the one thing that people
probably don't know about you um I've
done kind of a similar like I think it's
five facts about me tag but that was
ages ago and I did mention this then is
that I'm actually quite shy and person a
lot of people have say like from YouTube
how obviously people in my real life
know this but people on YouTube a lot of
people like well you can't be trying to
YouTube because obviously you like
putting yourself out there on video to
see everyone but actually when I put in
a situation where I don't know a lot of
people I am actually quite shy and I
think a lot of people take it like I'm
being kind of like grumpy because I
sometimes I'll just be quite quiet and
like stand there people like oh you like
you know is she that friendly but as
soon as I get chatting with somebody I'm
fine but it's just like that in initial
kind of introductory but I'm not that
confident with I'm usually quite shy so
there's a fact family name one thing
that you want to do before you die um
there's a lot of things I want to do
before I die definitely have kids I want
to travel a lot more than I have I want
to go to South East Asia and do kind of
like the whole of Southeast Asia I want
to go to Africa I've never been there
I'd love to go I want to go more around
Europe to places that I haven't been
just basically travel everywhere I think
and have kids and that's pretty much my
life goal so well not really a life goal
but that's dead I definitely things I
want to do before I die
number fight if I'm looking down I've
got my laptop on my lap so just so you
know number five one food that you
cannot live without I would definitely
say olives or anchovies
I just eat them as a snack the whole
time that sounds really weird and yes
salt eat like I know it's not good for
you to eat too much salty food by I love
salty food number six what quote afraid
to you live your life by I don't really
live my life by any quote or phrase I
mean there's certain things that I would
agree with like don't worry be happy
which totally goes against what I do
because I always worry about things I'm
just such a worrier so maybe that is
what it should be living my life by so
there we go there's no like kind of
intellectual phrase I live my life by
don't worry be happy just chill that
kind of childlike phrase there number
seven what do you like and dislike about
YouTube community I like the fact that
I've made a lot of friends actually
genuine friends like ingrid mitzvah
marty and james maquillage Emma just
like people that I've met but it's just
really sweet I'm you know I'm in contact
with them outside of YouTube we talked
about an on YouTube related things and
it's just really great I've actually got
to meet people also I think the reason
why I started YouTube was because I
didn't none of my friends are really
into Beauty that much and I just thought
was a great way to kind of chat about
musi to other people but I never
realized that it would be a great way to
meet friends who have that interest and
then actually become friends so that's
quite a good thing about YouTube I thing
and the bad thing definitely obviously
bears are haters I mean I've never been
particularly a victim of haters like I
know some girls get it really bad and I
do get nasty comments here and there but
I've never really let it get me down
because I know that they don't know me
in real life in it you know it doesn't
really bother me so much but one
negative thing I would say is people
judge you for like everything it's like
people expect you to have a knowledge of
absolutely everything and sometimes I
struggle like I include a lot of
information in the information bar below
my videos and I try and include stuff
but if you miss one thing out some of
you'll be like oh you missed out that
this
like 13,000 65 P or something and it
just like I can't know everything I'm
not like an all-knowing source so I find
that quite hard when people are like oh
you didn't include this I'm like ah I
know I didn't include that and it really
frustrates me that I can't include all
of the information I'm quite like I kind
of not obsessive-compulsive because I am
NOT obsessive-compulsive but I like to
be able to give everybody all of the
facts like I've always been like that in
a story I'll have to tell like every
single detail so I find it quite hard
that people are like you didn't include
this so yeah that's one kind of pet hey
I would guess or pet peeve it's not
really a hey what's your number-one most
listened to song on iTunes it would
definitely either be I don't know
because I think I deleted that mic most
listened-to thing that I just stupidly
but it would be it would be Taylor Swift
and as an album it would be Taylor Swift
out of the songs it might be today was a
fairytale might be my most listened to
what kind of style would you define
yourself as having that's quite hard
because I'd say I dress kind of like
just how I like I don't particularly
think like I'll follow a trend and do
that I would say a little bit kind of I
agree because I'm always wearing a biker
jacket and I always wear flat boots or
like your knee high boots things like
that that are flat riding boots or biker
boots things like that so it may be kind
of bichri I wear a lot of black as well
yeah so but you know I tend to kind of
like team up like the cute little
dresses with with Viking jackets so
maybe kind of girly slash my career that
doesn't really go but a lot of black
hate goth it's not gothic but I do a lot
of black so yeah what's your favorite
number
my favorite number I'd say is eight just
because I like how it's like symmetrical
and if you turn it sideways it means
infinity I quite like that
number ten number eleven two hobbies
YouTube started as a hobby now it's a
whole lot more than a hobby because I
spend so much time doing it so YouTube
and blogging definitely like the main
hobby in my life I don't have time for
many other hobbies I like skiing as well
as like counts as a hobby it's kind of
the only sport that I actually enjoy and
do love skiing
number 12 - pet peeves
i what i pet peas would definitely be
when people aren't honest and I don't
mean like big lies like obviously
everybody hates it somebody tells them a
big lie everyone hates it but I dislike
like little white lies I just I don't
know like when people will exaggerate
stories and you know like my mum always
says this sounds really stupid but
she'll tell her story and she just
totally exaggerated everything and that
just really like I don't obviously she's
my mom and I'm gonna be like her but it
just really like I don't know it just
gets someone knows like what I'm telling
a story I have to like tell everything
truthfully it sounds kind of weird
that's one and then another one trying
think of a pet peeve I can't read it
when people like let you down I always
get really if I organize something to do
something or go somewhere with somebody
I always get so excited and I'm like a
little kid like I will plan my day
around it I'd be like oh I'm gonna do
that and meet that person for lunch I
get so excited and then somebody counts
or something at the last minute that
kind of always upsets me
I know Ingrid said that she in a couple
of her recent videos about people being
flaky she hates that that's kind of a
similar thing um number thirteen the
last question guilty pleasure my guilty
pleasure would definitely be like I said
Taylor Swift I love Taylor Swift and it
seems like a guilty pleasure because I'm
kind of like twenty two people like take
the mickey out of me because I like
Taylor Swift so much like it's not like
I like her I love Taylor Swift like if I
ever get in my car it will always be
playing and I'll be singing you long
things like that so that's kind of a
guilty pleasure that I do that singing
in my car might be a guilty pleasure as
well another guilty pleasure
squirty cream I never buy it because I'm
like obsessed with it if I buy a can of
spray pool after my sister will have it
in the winter cause she puts it in hot
chocolate I will literally like get a
little Bowl and fill it with squirty
cream and eat this crazy quickly that is
definitely a guilty pleasure so yeah
that is my thirty personal questions I
hope you guys enjoyed it I don't tag
anyone specifically because most people
I know have done this tag so if you want
to do this and put it as a video
response I'd love to watch it so yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and
I'll see you again real soon bye
