hi everyone so I thought it would film a
quick vlog for you just to keep you
updated on what I'm up to now if you
follow me on Twitter you'll have known
in the last few days I've been pretty
rough for me I had food poisoning and I
was basically up all night on Wednesday
night and then kind of all day on
Thursday I spent in bed because I was
feeling so ill basically being sick and
it really wasn't very nice and might cut
it too so there was two of us both
feeling very sorry for ourselves
although I think I was a little bit moil
he will tell you otherwise but I think I
was worse so I was finally feeling
better today and I've been trying to
update my blog I've been trying to get
to film all day but I've just been super
super busy and I'm actually going to
Spain first thing tomorrow morning with
Mike and his family which I'm really
excited about it's now I think about
7:30 so it's pretty late and I'm just
trying to pack so I thought we'd do a
quick vlog showing you kind of what I'm
packing baby um yeah so as you can see
it's a big mess behind me there but yeah
we're leaving at 4:00 a.m. tomorrow so
it's pretty early so I've done my hair
ready as well I wanted to say is well I
used um was it John Frieda three days
straight which I did a review up on my
blog recently and this stuff is
literally amazing I'm not sure if it's
available in the States yet but it
definitely is in the UK so if you have
seen the three days straight thing try
it because it literally makes your hair
feel amazing and it stays for literally
three days if you don't wash your hair
so anyway that was a random ramble I'm
gonna show you what I'm packing now
because I actually have to finish
packing rather than carrying on talking
at the camera so here we go okay so
whenever I have to go anywhere I
literally take over the spare bed so
this is kind of my it looks actually
very organized jumble of what I'm taking
here and I know you guys will be most
interested in seeing the makeup and
stuff probably so what am i taking I'm
gonna try and fit all the liquids in
this little plastic bag as well because
we're only taking carry-on we're not
taking a checked-in bag my makeup brush
roll which was in my latest video I've
got my contact lenses they need to go
let's do this is a little sorting video
contact lenses are liquids hair brush
this is a good hair brush actually it's
the is it Denman I think it's a Denman 1
Denman tangled tamer I actually really
like that and it's small so I use that
as my travel one frase
face wipes which are really really nice
my Jo Malone
perfume which is pretty sacred and I'm
actually only taking it I'm trying to
see how much is left in here
as you can see I'm actually only taking
this because it's the smallest perfume
but I have I don't really like using it
up so I don't have much of it left I'm
taking some Tara Smith shampoo and
conditioner which I haven't used yet I'm
really excited to try this brand because
I've heard good things about it I love
the packaging it's organic and natural
which is good yes I'm taking those I'm
also taking steam cream which I love
because this actually works great as a
body moisturizer on a face moisturizer
so when I'm actually packing and I'm
trying to pack light it does work out
really well because you can use it for
both I was just thinking how big this is
it doesn't actually say milliliters why
it says 75 grams I'm pretty sure that's
under 100 mil okay so deodorant which is
very interesting my mini Moroccan oil
which is amazing and I must have my
glasses which get worn in the evenings
not in the daytime Urban Decay primer
potion for your face Shiseido bronzer
Chanel foundation vitae Lumiere aqua
which is lovely Mac false lashes effect
mascara which has been my favorite for
the last couple of months ashy running
out a little bourgeois blush which is so
cute this is one the limited edition
Paris kind of stick it up ones stick it
up it's not really technical down there
and this is in 16 I'll show you the
color it's like a nice peachy pink
actually smells really good as well I
wasn't expecting that and the brush in
it I thought I was gonna hate this brush
normally I throw these brushes away but
for free brushes that come in a product
this is probably one of the best ones
and I actually would use it if I had in
my bag so that's that I'm taking for my
cry shadows see what I've got in here I
think I have all Naked Lunch satin taupe
and carbon some neutrals and a black if
I wanted a smokey eye taking a mini
Makeup Forever aqua eyes black liner
which didn't focus I'm sure you guys
don't needed to focus new Cid brow
pencil which has a brush on one end and
a brow color on the other end I'm also
taking with this which is new bow this
is kind of a funny product it's called
new Beauvoir and it's kind of somewhere
in between a primer and it's into voiced
ERISA but it's absolutely gorgeous I
love this and it's only about 10 mils so
that's good to take as well those in the
liquid so I don't think that is going to
fit in there a stage line liquid liner
which I really like
and finally laura mercier undercover pot
which is really good because you've got
two concealers which you can mix to make
it right color or one goes in your eye
or whatever and then a powder as well
which is really good I love that okay so
I've got to try and fit those in there
maybe I will if not I'm just gonna steal
some of Mike's packing space avalanche
okay so then I just got my bikini which
is from sea folly I she really like this
I found it in TK Maxx about two years
ago now I'd really really want a new
bikini but this is like my ultimate
favorite one see follow use normally I
looked over a hundred pounds for a
bikini and I got that for twelve pounds
so I'm just reluctant to spend 100
pounds on a bikini clothes this is
actually quite a cute top that I haven't
shown on YouTube yet I got into here max
a few weeks ago it's just a little tank
top black tank top with like flour
roughly flowers on it
All Saints dress cardigan cardigan
ghillie Hicks t-shirt another cardigan
loving a bit of long cardigans at the
moment black t-shirt with ruffles on the
shoulder and my purple French Connection
t-shirt which I got recently white
pajamas which I actually love I'm going
to show you my pajama top because
they're really cute my pajama bottoms
are cool as well with the stars I got a
little bit over excited about that as I
got them for Christmas
yeah my sequined Hello Kitty pajama top
love it I've also got everyone's
passports I don't know why I've been
entrusted with everyone's passports but
there we go but look after them my new
handbag which I got today I love it this
is from an online boutique all the
dressing room I'll link them in
information bar below really really cute
a good for traveling too because it's
flat because I have to fit that into the
front pocket of this I figured that was
good my book which is never let me go
and this is actually the film obviously
because it's got Keira Knightley on the
front and Carey Mulligan and Andrew
Garfield who I love this is just been
made into a film I haven't seen the film
yet so I only came out a few days ago in
the UK but I'm about halfway through
this book and I'm liking it so far so
I'm moving to finish that I might
actually take another one because I'm
thinking I might finish this before we
leave so I might take two actually I'm
gonna gonna have a look for another book
and then I have my later time model
mirror which is so cool I'm so late on
the trend with these this is Cartman but
he's called hippy scale or something
it's got a really cool ornate scale
reminds me of the Urban Decay design
actually that they have on their new
cream highlighters if you haven't seen
these before they are light up and
lights on this they're not going to show
up very bright but they are really
really bright really good for traveling
and also one thing I like about this
that most people don't actually show is
that you can fold it all the way up and
use it as like a little tilt the mirror
like that so if you are say on a train
or if you're staying over some house
there's not a mirror that you can use
works perfectly so that's perfect for
traveling love that taking my camera as
well my little Canon love that and I
think that's about it is there anything
I'm forgetting I'm trying to think if
there's anything I'm guessing right I'm
gonna plug you back in yes I'm hoping
I've remembered everything and I'm
hoping this video wasn't too boring it's
like here's my underwear that I'm taking
on all the way with me that's probably
not very exciting but I hope you guys
enjoyed this video anyway even if it was
a little bit random I'm just gonna
finish packing now because I am about to
go for dinner or actually have any
Chinese with Mike's parents which is
exciting for me because it's the first
time I've actually felt hungry since
having food poisoning and being sick
everywhere so I'm actually really really
hungry
I didn't eat in like 36 hours or
something which is crazy for me because
normally it's like four hours I am
starving so I'm really really looking
forward to eating so I'm off now to pack
and then eat I hope you guys enjoyed
this kind of weird video if you did
please subscribe if you haven't already
and I'll see you again very soon bye
