hi everyone so it is Valentine's Day and
I'm about to go out for dinner I thought
it would do a very quick outfit of the
day for you all now the lighting is
pretty bad but I'm hoping you can get an
idea anyway I'm going to list all of the
makeup that I'm wearing and nail varnish
exception in the information box I'm in
a really big hurry because we're a
little bit late so I'm just gonna tell
you where all my clothes are from and
then any makeup stuff you can find in
the information bar below
okay so the dress I'm wearing is from a
brand called Mickey and they sell it in
the town stairs Department of Topshop at
the concessions department I'm not sure
where else you can get it but I'll have
a look online and put links below if you
can and it's bright pink and it has this
kind of like pleated ruffle detail that
goes off one shoulder and it does
actually have a thin black strap on the
shoulder which I quite like because it
makes it kind of easier to wear and then
I have on a black wrap felt this was
from a source a few years ago now and
I've actually tied it in a knot instead
of a bow normally I tie it in a bow but
because of the ruffles I just thought
was a little bit much and then I just
have on black tights if you can see and
then the shoes that I'm wearing are just
plain black court shoes and they're not
too high because I don't know how I'm
gonna have to walk etc so these are like
my failsafe black heels and they are by
Stuart Wiseman at Russ and Romney and
they are amazing they're just really
comfy now they were so uncomfortable
when I first got them but I've broken
win as for jewelry I'm not wearing any
except my links of London rose gold
sweetie watch which I got for Christmas
which I love my hair is just like
naturally blow-dried I honestly didn't
have time to do anything else with it
because I'm uploading a video and I
thought it would say as well the video
that I'm uploading is a perfume
collection video so it should be up
before this video but I wanted to tell
you guys about the perfume I'm wearing
tonight which is agent provocateurs new
fragrance which is larger and I didn't
have this one I filmed my perfume video
yesterday so I just got this today and
it's so so nice it just smells
absolutely amazing I've done review this
on my blog if you guys want to check it
out put a link below as well but I love
that and that's what I'm wearing tonight
also taking my research jacket which
just looks like this just because it's
cold finally take that off for dinner so
I'm gonna head off a now it's really
exciting Mike surprised me and is taking
me to a really nice restaurant for
dinner so I hope you guys all had an
amazing Valentine's Day because it will
be gone by the time this goes up so I
hope you guys had a good time thanks for
watching and I'll see you again very
soon bye
