hi everyone so I thought it would just
do a quick update video about kind of
where I've been for the last week or so
I know I've uploaded videos will a video
on to this channel but my beauty channel
has been kind of somewhat neglected and
I just filled the video of water makeup
bag so if you want to see that i'll put
a link in the information well below but
I said in that that I would do an update
video and tell you kind of where I've
been because I have not been uploading
videos as frequently as i like to and as
I often do I've been really really busy
I've just been kind of away from home
quite a lot I've been in London I'm in
London this whole week to do with work
so I'm away from home so I'm away from
all of my makeup and my general setup my
lighting setup and ings like that so it
makes it really hard to film youtube
videos and then last weekend I was
actually an Edinburgh which if you saw
my last but one I think videos on here
you'll know that I was in Edinburgh and
I had a really good time and I didn't
end up filming as much as I wanted to I
wanted to do like quite a lot of
following me around for years when I was
there but I got there and the weather
was awful like horrendous it was so
windy and so rainy and just impossible
to film like it's not bad to walk around
in I took wellies with me so it's fine
but filming in the rain is bad because
you just have water coming into cameras
and things like that so I took a little
bit of footage of the cupcake or I think
it's called like the dessert bar in
harvey nichols and edinburgh which i
might insert at the end of this video
because that was really really fun we
had chocolate fondue and then we also
went on a ghost tour and I really wanted
to film that but we went on this ghost
tour and I thought it's gonna be really
scary the friend that I was with says
she had been on two before basically as
two different ghost tours in tempura two
different types is also two different
companies which I'll get to in a minute
there's two different types is one where
you go around graveyard and then there's
another one we're all numerous
graveyards we didn't do that one and
then there's one way you go underground
into the like underground vaults
underneath the bridge and emre and my
friend had done both of them and she
said the vault one is really really
scary and it'd be really cool and we
didn't do it like because we were going
out for dinner that night so and we kind
of had plans already so we didn't do it
a night we did it like four thirty in
the afternoon and it was not scary like
we chose the wrong company we went with
the city of dead tools I think instead
of the other company that did them and
it was basically like
being in someone's cellar and it was
like next to a restaurant and you go
into these rooms and you can hear the
people in the restaurant next to looks
like you know it kind of like ruin the
mood and you could hear like you have to
like walk over that office isn't like
it's just not that scary and there was
only like three rooms the guy doing the
tour was really good he had quite a lot
of good stories to tell but the actual
place where we wasn't scary and my
friend said the last time she went was
way scarier and the vaults were much
bigger and there was just more space and
kind of you could have potentially got
lost things like that whereas this was
like not scary at all so I didn't end up
filming in there just because it wasn't
really scary and there wasn't like gonna
be funny with us kind of freaking out it
was just us kind of being like this is
kind of creepy and we won't like a
little bit scared like a little bit
unnerved because it's like dark and damp
but nothing scary happened and I don't
know it wasn't I didn't find it that
scary but it was kind of a good
experience to do it anyway if I go again
I definitely want to do the graveyard
talk at night as well because i think i
would be really scared and I don't even
know why I like being scared it's like a
love hate relationship for me with being
scared sometimes I'm like I hate
watching scary movies but there's
something about them that I just can't
stop watching them and I love them so
apart from that talking of movies i went
to a preview of no strings attached
which is Ashton Kutcher and Natalie
Portman's new film to put that sounded
like some nasty Portland Natalie
Portman's new film and it's just like a
rom-com kind of girly film and I
actually really enjoyed it normally I'm
a little bit hard to please with chick
flicks but I actually really like this
tonight with my sister along to it's not
out in the UK I don't think I think it's
been out in America for a few weeks but
I think it comes out this week in
England I think I don't know I'm not
only potential but if you want kind of
like a mini review i would say it's
definitely worth seeing it's not like a
must-see movie but if you want to go to
the cinema with some of your friends and
see a fun girly film then that is quite
funny and it's really nice to see
Natalie Portman in a kind of jokey role
because obviously she's done Black Swan
so recently it's kind of nice that she's
got a really serious role and then kind
of a jokey role coming out at the same
time well obviously it's a little bit
later than Black Swan but a similar time
and you kind of get to see more of her
and relax kind of funny side of her so I
did really like that so I went to see
that
and then I'm trying to think of anything
else that I've done I shot actually was
my brother yesterday I shopped the new
logo for my banner patch it won't be
above here because this is my vlog
channel I need to do one for my vlog
channel if I ever make get made partner
I'm not partners I don't have one now on
this but um for my banner on my beauty
page and on my blog so if you guys know
I have like kind of like a hedge with
roses in it at the moment and I actually
shot that myself probably a year ago
when I made my blog and I made it for my
blog so it fits on my ball quite well
but on my youtube it's like squashed in
and it just doesn't look very good so
we've done another one for like my kind
of header logo kind of thing we shot
that yesterday and I did take some
footage what're we doing it because it
was kind of I don't know whether it was
just us thinking it was funny but I'll
put some of that at the end as well and
just any other footage there was also
some footage of me sleeping that my
friends took I fell asleep on my friends
bears it was really late and we just got
back from going out and I like fell
asleep and they were laughing at me with
my camera and pretending to be um
youtubers as well I'm like filming me I
don't know if it's gonna be funny Sam
night she watched it yet I haven't had
time but if that's funny i'm also going
to put that in so i hope this video
wasn't too kind of rambling and someone
enjoyed it I hope but yeah so I hope you
guys enjoy the footage that's coming
next and i'll see you again bro see by
chloe are in with the cupcake bar in
more vehicles in any
it's obvious look at this I'm gonna say
that you had a champagne there's like
nothing interesting coming around as
soon as I tourniquet City the titties
drop it anywhere is very good yeah it's
really key thing to top you have a cup
and a full of chocolate this cupcake one
I want this orange and passion fruit and
it's got pink sparkles on it and there
if you can see at the top that one with
a pink was it ok tedi special
Valentine's Day teddy bear take me to
take maybe not that definitely makes is
the fondue for one so we're sharing it
but it looks amazing a bit of a cross on
on the scroll breach at home early yeah
that's right recipe cake ok coconut
coconut marshmallow and sumpin aren't I
hurt Michael on them do you like them
out yeah you can have it we got white
chocolate as well and my cappuccino is
the size of a bucket that's my hand
actually looks my hand looks quite big
is big on d
to force inside when she's sleeping she
takes up my diabet it's not that much
fun I much rather if you get to her
inside I'm just throwing it out there
well exactly you doing with the brachot
it's my rough guide to where to position
the dribble not very active with buying
a little dribbler it's pretty straight
up yeah he needs musha siping closer and
he's made it look like a willy i do
for four really Jesus you lit Jesus with
a space oh how many you ever lit Jesus
with a space easy personally I've never
it takes us with this place easily hide
me jibba jibba jibba jibba technical
drip positioning good job this isn't
deborah litman oh I know it was head was
that rude to me wasn't miscues me pardon
me oh is that
