hi everyone so I'm here with my friend
lately
and we are in Birmingham and we're gonna
go shooting actually we've already done
a little bit of shopping but we didn't
really enjoy so we thought we best will
do it now and yeah just in Starbucks
I've got my trial our tea mother is
flagging I've already made three
purchases
I'll even dried anything on they've been
trying everything all right sir
but Lizzie's got wallet on you because
they didn't have bugs in starburns okay
so we're going to take you along on our
trip it's actually quite black and
fairly not exciting but the jacket I
like the trash the trash there Michael
Jackson reads I think they're a little
bit um I don't know just no not yeah no
not like in the trousers the jacket is
nice though there's some good detail on
the jacket on the shoulders and the back
there I'm not feeling the trowel you
know I don't yeah I like the jacket what
about the t-shirt there's a basic white
t-shirt and she's deciding what to have
we thinking so far
the chicken have I've ever seen a lady
we're doing a little bit of a and I'm
thinking I don't know I do normally
fight like I do normally quite like
chou-heung I also like ramen too so I'm
kind of undecided maybe seafood ramen
I'm really hungry you make me think we
made some purchases that we might show
you a bit later everyone yeah very much
once every probably sit I have a
shopping window I'm doing nothing
happens in the first hour I've got to
get coffee gotta have a break but a time
out so today I did yes I did so should
we start
what did you get - one was an iPhone
cover for my phone and I lost my last
one I left it a service station so I
decided to shoot such a fancy one it's a
very nice flash now but and they just
really fit I've got 3G so I wanted to
see if I could fit the 4G and you tend
to get an upgrade so test it out so I
got that that was my first perch that's
a good one
and then I went to French Connection in
the stable and I actually got a top that
I found when it wasn't ever say
and it was on sale for 50 or so no 17
pounds which is quite it's quite purple
and it's gonna look bad cuz it's not
actually done that
oh wait a minute find it drapey on the
front if you can see that and then it
ties around the waist I just thought
it'd be quite useful good 517 miles per
night in action okay so my turn now I
might not know at Topshop I got some
Servite skinny skinny jeans I don't you
can see they're like in cargo and start
they like pants the only a bit crop ish
yeah they're quite safe up there and so
I think if these were the parent killer
heels yeah I did look at some fancy
pants yeah yeah they were bit expensive
and these to be honest with you do the
trade they looks better than the
expensive one yeah yeah yeah exactly
what 30 pounds 38 pounds this 8 pounds
conquer bargain bargain
oh yeah and I've got now this is just
and kind of I just thought would be
quite good handy almost under top to
where we'll go and then things like a
white t-shirt it's one of those ones
with like the textured you know the kind
of half see-through yeah if you can see
that it's like a little bit textured but
probably too far away from the pocket in
the front so I got back so I thought it
going or anything yeah go with all sweet
faces and then we went to forever 21
because we went to Birmingham that's the
only forever 21 and you can always get
asked whenever I mention it and I got a
few things
my first
socks TP o all the only ones will have
85 and these ones little bright orange
windows right orange green maybe
colorblind but maybe that's why there
were the 50 P 150 P socks
I was pretty impressed with it and then
I got another pack of socks but his
whoops got a bit of a sock fetish and
these ones for the CDs for 454 five I
don't get why these are 50 people there
we go and then my favorite purchase from
forever 21 that I was like dancing on
its behalf is this necklace and it has
like a shell heart on the bottom with a
gold chain and this was only four pounds
and it wasn't much which I yeah I think
that's really good because some of the
stuff in there's like eight pounds and
it's we were saying this it's a fries
nicely ready
yeah where's this is actually like shell
I just thought that was really nice any
call where that lot and then I also got
all them knocking everything right and
then I also got a little loop scarf
which is kind of like a pinky kind of
brown color and this kind of reminded me
of Ingrid because she wears this color a
lot so yeah and then that's what I got
from Frenchman all the scarf was eight
pounds
80s the scarf was fairly expensive but I
did like it because we thought it was
good nice because these cars have got
like one of those well I consider a
little twins but they're really thick so
at least with those they're a bit
thinner so you can actually look thinner
and then keeping warm yeah absolutely
my baby good for that kind of spring
exactly rather little bit finer
freezing exactly the same thing but I
was sort of like a darker gray again
loop skull
I know what else is it is with my great
work and I thought about this a lot
because I was undecided my relation to
Paul if I really really wanted them your
hello he's like yes do click Buy It
button and they have some they're
basically some foods from tuna and they
have some nehi ones as well
and I was kind of undecided about the
knee-high ones because they were a lot
more expensive and they didn't have my
size even though I prefer knee-high
boots I thought I should go for short
ones because I don't have any short
boots and I still really like these ones
and they were discounted too so these
little praying colors a booties and they
have the perfect high heel I think for
like kind of wearing in the daytime I'm
awful with my heels so I'm thinking that
these are gonna be my new kind of Savior
for maybe just like a little bit smarter
kind of dinners and stuff where I
wouldn't wear heels cuz I'm a wimp but
they've got up like a brown buckle I
love these and they were 95 pounds
reduced from must have been 100 laps
they were 40 you good message for 95
plus 40 so I'm really really happy with
those
that's my last purchased so we got a
shopping but I hope you guys like sweet
ik Lizzie and let me know if you want to
see her again I probably know but yeah
so thank you for watching and I'll see
you again
