however once it's 655 in the morning and
i'm about to leave to go to IMATS i
thought was you a quick outfit today
although it's pretty boring because i'm
kind of wiring very similar stuff that i
wear all the time so you see a literate
pc but i really like the t-shirt that
I've got on so i thought i would show
you but it's super early I got to sleep
at 2am so I've had like four hours sleep
um and I'm really tired but I'm really
excited for today I'm just going to go
and meet Chandler and Nicola before we
go and I'm kind of nervous because I
have the Dynamax before and I'm just
kind of it scared and you know what to
expect one should be really fun and I
can't wait to see the YouTube guru
summit that's going to be happening
which should be really cook so are you
show you my outfit today basically just
gone for failsafe black and got my black
jeggings my black riding boots as always
and this black t-shirt from H&M which I
really like has this kind of ruffles on
the shoulders it just makes a little bit
different my huge gulf that was in my
last tour video which i love because
it's freezing I didn't bring a proper
jumpers but underneath my jacket I
didn't bring a coat or a jumper I'm so
stupid it's so cold in london no I just
I'm throwing my leather jacket over the
top like that and then i'm taking my me
new beau bag as well little black one
and then also i have these really cool
gloves studded leather gloves it's very
like black leather like 'bikery but i
hope you guys like anyway and i'm gonna
take you along with me
I doubt man I mean you i think i read
okay so it's like they have the cheapest
brushes in the world you've got some
beautiful got some nice to apply my
bourbon kabuki just mine this is a gem
on my selection together come on just
look very much like to sit russia's
right hold it this is crown brushes and
i would show you them make listening
well skit which is empty because we
can't get it sound washing it out to
shark get in there
that is what I look like this morning
when I woke up Gemma's already confirmed
eyes well she that's life
look how cool we are amazing I look like
I've had a confirmation but I can see
kind of his roles dr. Welton projects
like kind of any molding fan
space that's a space that's why I look
like when I wake up in the morning
and that's what I look like when I put
me fun
I feel like him yeah you look like I
like this guy look at this dude
strapless the question everybody wants
to ask is how did you get started on
YouTube I a friend of mine I was on a
make up for a Portland friend of my
second to show you how to do ass web guy
and I just think it'd be easier to film
it and upload it how to watch them try
and write it down so I think that and I
was really completely unaware of YouTube
people watching or subscribe me and then
I noticed other people need comments on
the video last me to war and so that's
what I did and I was eight months
pregnant at that time and the reason I
carry on doing is going to feel quite
food upset because I was really huge
from the neck down Ashley my hands
faculty and then when I would love to
have my baby as Italy you want to do
some videos people keep asking and now
we know that there were self people keep
asking never really keep up but yeah
that's how I started
I was wearing to suck in air / for 13
hours my sis now well there you go and
then finally my flight level like eating
my sandwich shop here like 45 minutes
ago yeah I'm here i am hungry I realize
it's just so many may having a bad day
or something they're taking out on me or
like they saw my thumbnail do it it just
happens to be where I'd like doing
something or looks like something else
and then thought unexpected yeah and
they were like what i thought it was XYZ
supposed to be you know and then they
say negative stuff so i just look at it
and laugh and then i move on wait for
savasana okay um I just hunt them down I
killed about a pair of course I think
Frank Smith you hopefully I'm really
pleased it led to a bus because we we
deal with the negativity between us and
they can we first thought it was quite
shocked if some of the things that was
we were like wow and it really isn't
Indian quite personally but we sort of
adopted this thing where we just we have
all our comments on approval only now so
we get a lot less pay since we'll be
doing please we just love delete going
to prison Obama life is a lot but of
corn in Wayne and then hopefully after
this excuse how much you going to
Fashion Week and I'm gonna hang out with
I know it's important julieg Leisha from
X baggage teacher Luo Jessica Harlow
halo I don't I've never spoken to her
about what white hangout buddies too so
I got a lot of delicious so thank you
yeah I'm talk to you Lisa choose the
first person actually youtuber that
actually like chatted you know talk to
going on for years and mad at IMATS
pasadena for the first time and we felt
like we to each other like you know for
years and years and years when we first
met thinking of a foreign oh no no no
but through childhood um we don't tanya
burr who talked about that she's tiny
washed honda she says oh and we know
eldridge retrieval yeah but British me
we are currently in in online auto
street in soho and it has a pretty
intense of you in texas menu check this
out you're gonna have to dip my no no no
they cooking so vain the table is
projected and you actually like choose
your food from the table and it projects
it onto the plate right so it's pretty
much the coolest thing ever and you can
change if I do this site and try and
turn it back over various yeah so you
can change if you go to anfield have you
changed
our table up to the images so we can
not the Browse a process or to some
subset I like that one
how do you feel about that one play with
it I even need any food it was faster
people are dying people don't respond
it's amazing we're not entirely sure
what the food's gonna be like but even
here once before so I think it's gonna
be good hi guys everyone its lucky I
should meet up really bad blogging
