hi everyone so I thought I would do a
quick update on what I'm doing at the
moment um most really gonna make me
laugh in this video if you're wondering
about woof this is the first thing I was
going to talk about actually it was
going to be the second thing I was going
to talk about but because she's making
noise whoopee she's probably not gonna
look now she has um one of the like dog
cone we call it a lampshade things on
ahead because she's cut her pool and she
keeps on licking it so she has to have
this off she hates it I don't know let
me know if any of you guys have ever had
one of these on your dog they're pretty
common when dogs kind of either hurt
themselves or if they have an operation
for stop themselves licking and be like
shouting over top I feel so bad because
she hates it so much like when you put
it on you see her little face people
have been asking where woofers in my
videos as well and she's like you can't
make her be and video if she wants to be
there she will be there if she doesn't
you can't force her and like now I can't
make her stop doing what she's doing
she's like the most disobedient dog ever
which some people like oh you should
train your dog whatever but personally I
think it's quite funny that she's just
she's got so much personality she just
really doesn't do what anyone says so
anyway fact talking about kind of what
I'm doing remove it if Wuerffel actually
be quite she's trying to like budge up
to me now with this way maybe I should
take it off in the nation right now she
wants to kill it she wants to like
destroyer I swear so now what might stay
here she might not who knows she was
like cute sitting there they so anyway
if you guys don't know London I maps is
this weekend and I now can't stop
looking at woof in the thing I'm trying
to look at the camera and not in the
lens looking what was doing yeah London
I matt says this weekend and I'm really
exciting when you're going on Saturdays
if any of you guys are gonna be there
then I'll be around so if you see me I'm
not going to do like a specific meet up
or anything but if you see me please
come and say hi because it would be
great to meet some of you some people
that see me in real I think I'm like
scary some people have tweeted me that
they've seen me in mac or um where else
and it just when I've been let out and
about shopping there like all I saw you
today but you looked kind of scary or
you looks kind of grumpy or something
but I swear it's just my face like when
I'm not actively talking to somebody
i'll probably just look like I don't
know I just they think I look grumpy but
yeah so if you
we come say hi be great to meet some of
you guys I've never been to imax before
e this I'm actually rich looking like
boring and you see as soon as I take it
off the lamp shade over back on
lampshade she knows what lampshade means
now I think it's going to be my first
ever i'm at so i'm really really excited
and i think i may be actually going to
New York imats this year as well so I'm
not confirmed yet I haven't got my
flights for anything but we'll see what
happens there and i'll i'm sure i'll
mention it in a future blog for a blog
vlog vlog I mean one of these videos but
i'm really excited just to look around
i'm a time like i said because i'm going
to New York I don't think I'll really
buy anything because they tend to have
the same stools and they 10 I think
they're cheaper in the u.s. most makeup
is cheaper in the US and there's a lot
of us brands so I think I might like
steak out what i think i want to buy at
london I mats and then when I'm in New
York i'll actually buy stuff so that's
kind of like a maybe I've pretty sure
i'm new to the new york imax too which
is really really exciting so that's a
whole nother blog i'm going to edinburgh
in a couple of weeks to see some of my
friends who are you knee up there and
I've never been there in their last year
of uni and I still haven't enter visit
them so i feel like such a bad friend
but i'm so excited about going up
because i've only ever been to Scotland
once before no actually I've been twice
but both times i arrived at night and
then I left in the morning for somewhere
else so I've never actually seen
Edinburgh or like in the day time you
all got to kind of like explore anything
so I'm really really excited to see my
friends and to the crown tettemer but if
you live in edirol or if you know it
well and you have some recommendations
to go places to eat or to show up
whenever just let me know because
that'll be really cool Oh another thing
I was going to say I got a new phone I
got an iphone 4 yay I was due for an
upgrade I had the iphone 3g not the s
for like two years and in two months of
having it i dropped on the floor and the
screen cracked and then a few months ago
i dropped it again and the holes like it
literally just smashed it was really bad
but I got the new iphone 4 and i ordered
one they've stopped doing the free
bumpers for them which is kind of
annoying i went on to a boy a sinner 26
pounds the ones that they were giving
out free so I ordered this cheap one on
amazon co uk and it was three pounds but
it's not like it's not that great
quality like it's a little bit loose
still and I just I don't know I'm I
don't know if I
not something a bit more funky with like
a pattern on it or something so if
anyone knows or can recommend a really
funky cool iphone case then let me know
and good apps as well it'll be
interesting to see if you guys have got
any kind of cool app recommend nations
to get kind of useful ones i've had an
iphone for like like I said two years
but I just was really slacked with apps
and never really had any that's my
picture on my phone of whoopi it's kind
of a stupid one so yeah I think that is
pretty much it um Lauren the urge to say
I just kind of rambled plut ages 5 you
guys enjoyed this video please subscribe
to this channel if you haven't already
and that was a premature way because I'm
not going yet but I ANC's for watching
and I'll see you guys soon bye
