hi everyone today I'll be showing you my
lighting and camera setup that I used to
film my YouTube videos now I filmed in
front of a window on my webcam for the
longest time so this setup is relatively
new I've only just got everything
exactly how I want it and so hence I'm
filming this video when I was trying to
do research on what lighting to have
especially cameras are a little bit
easier but when I was researching
lighting
I found it virtually impossible to find
anything decent about lighting for
beauty videos on YouTube so I thought
this might help a lot of you if you are
filming beauty videos or if you're just
interested to see kind of behind the
scenes of a beauty video this is a new
set up like I said there's quite a lot
of equipment which before it was just me
and a laptop but I really think the
quality of my videos is really good now
it's not the best obviously I know
something like well well actually you
could do with a little bit less of this
or whatever it's not the best but I'm
really happy with it and you guys can
actually see me and you can see the
colors and you can see the products okay
so this intro is actually filmed on my
camcorder which I will get around to
showing you in a minute but the footage
of my camcorder is going to be shot on
my actual photo camera now this is a
Canon ixus 1000 HS and I actually got
this for Christmas this year with the
intention of taking photos with it and
filming with it as it does film in HD
and it's absolutely amazing quality I
used it for a few videos last week and a
lot of people said why on earth you're
getting a new camcorder because this is
amazing quality to film with and because
it's the newest HS model it's meant to
be able to shoot in low lighting which
is great so I would recommend this for
filming beauty videos if you don't have
the funds to buy a proper camcorder but
it is not so great with sound syncing
the sound with the video so if you're
making longer videos say 10 15 minutes
you do need to do it in kind of 5 minute
intervals and start filming and which I
found to be the one side downside of
this camera but generally this is really
really good it's amazing for taking
photos for my blog and for just general
daily life it's quite compact as a huge
screen on the back and yeah so I really
really like this but I want explain to
you more when I show it to you why I'm
now using a camcorder instead ok so this
is what it looks like from my side of
the camera so I'm gonna start off by
talking about the lights the lighting I
have
two soft boxes and there's one there and
one here now I searched and searched and
searched for tutorials or demos of
lighting the best lighting for beauty
videos on YouTube and I struggled to
find one so I hope this kind of helps by
showing you what I found to work now I
ordered these lights from eBay and there
are a hundred pounds for two and I kind
of deliberated between I didn't I don't
know anything about lights and I didn't
know anything about at all about light
so I know a little bit more now but I
think the softbox has worked really well
because they are quite soft light these
ones actually only have one bulb in each
one if you can see in there but they are
still pretty bright I'm gonna put the
link to where you can get all of the
stuff that I mentioned and that will
save me from making any mistakes talking
about technological lighting
professional kind of stuff because I
really don't know about it but these two
soft boxes work great for me there's a
lot of three-point lighting tutorials on
YouTube talking about the best way to
get lights for portrait shots things
like that and I've kind of based it on
this so I have my main light there and
then this light kind of serves to light
the other side of my face and to light
the background a little bit and then
instead of having a light above my head
I just have the lights that are in the
ceiling so I've kind of tailored it
around my setup obviously it's not ideal
ideally this light would be a lot
further away from me but obviously
because of where I am
I kind of can't do that so I think it's
working really well I also have just a
light-up makeup mirror here this is
purely for being able to see myself
rather than actually for lighting
effects at all it's just so that I can
see clearly what I'm doing when I'm
doing tutorials so that's quite useful I
think that was from Argos and onto my
video camera now I got this camera
probably five or six days ago and I've
already filmed three or four videos on
it and I am so so happy with the quality
it's a Canon Vixia HF 21 if you're
wondering what the difference is between
a legria and a Vixia they're basically
the same camera but the Vixia is branded
for the US and the legria for Europe I
actually have a Vixia model because to
cut a long story short this camera was
from YouTube I don't know if any of you
guys heard about the scheme that they
had at Christmas
we're the top 500 partners on YouTube
got given a gift voucher for an online
shop called B&H I think it's be an H
video or bnh photo so that's where I got
this camera from and I was so so happy I
thought it was a hoax for a long time
trying to scout me out of something
because I couldn't believe that they
would actually want to give me a voucher
to buy a video camera but that is what I
chose the canon hf 21 so it has a flip
screen which is actually immensely
useful that's the first thing that makes
this camera so useful to me is that you
can actually see what you're doing when
you're doing it which is great apart
from that it's just really really simple
to use it has a 64 gigabyte built-in
flash memory so you don't need a memory
card you can just plug it straight into
your laptop which is actually what it's
doing now is uploading some footage that
I just filmed the intro to this video in
fact another feature that I should
mention there's actually really useful
to have if you're going to be filming
Beauty videos is a remote control now
this isn't a particularly high-tech
feature I'm sure you're all aware this
is just a little remote control and some
cameras come with them some cameras
don't but it does make it immensely
useful if you can zoom in and zoom out
start and stop without actually moving
so that you don't have to kind of
reposition yourself every time so remote
controls are useful just kind of as a
side note and then underneath here I
have my little tripod and this is
actually from B&H photo as well it came
at the same time it is the Sun pack
travel smart and it is a very small but
actually rather sturdy tripod I was
using a gorilla pod before when I was
filming on an SLR which has a whole
nother bunch of problems filming on an
SLR but anyway I was using a gorilla pod
it wasn't particularly sturdy but
they're great for travel so this one
works pretty much ideally for what I
need it for it does have a quick-release
hatch at the back so you can release the
camera quickly if you need to as well so
that is pretty much my whole setup I do
have some makeup brushes there as well
which aren't always there but they are
left over from a tutorial and I have my
MacBook Pro which I used to edit all of
my videos on and I just use iMovie the
one that comes free with it ok so they
are my lights my camera my general setup
that I use to film my videos for YouTube
I hope you guys found it useful watching
this if you do make music videos or
interesting if you don't just to see
kind of behind the scenes
it does seem like quite a big kind of
setup now with the lights and everything
it's kind of strange how it's evolved
from that over time because like I said
I was literally I started off sitting in
front of the window that's there with my
laptop and just using my webcam so I'm
really really happy with the quality of
my videos now and the lighting and
everything so it kind of makes it so
much more of a pleasure to film when you
have perfect lighting and you have a
good video camera you can see yourself
and you can see what you're doing it
does make it so much easier so if you're
thinking about changing any of your
equipment I would definitely recommend
any of the things that I have obviously
depending on budget there are a few
alternatives as well but I'm gonna put
links to everything that I've mentioned
in the information bar below where all
of my equipments from and links to all
the specifications so you guys can check
it out and see kind of what to compare
it to like I said in the beginning the
camera that I just film that on my
excess 1000 HS is also really really
good so if you are thinking of kind of
buying a camera to take photos and maybe
filming a little bit as well obviously
this is a really really good option let
me know if you guys would like to see
any more kind of in-depth reviews on
either of my cameras or any of my
equipment just let me know in the
comment section below if you have any
questions or anything and thanks for
watching I hope to see you again very
soon bye
