hi everyone so I have convinced someone
to be in one of my videos um this is my
boyfriend whose name is what my mic
hello and you avoided being in my
YouTube videos for the longest time I
was talking to him today and I asked him
because I saw someone new vlog channel
which this is going to be on whether he
would be in it and he agreed so I
absolutely jumped on it and I'm filming
it today in case he changes his mind
even they said you need your hair done
whatever it's like I need my hair cut
before I look so scruffy but if you're
wondering why we're dressed up we're
just on our way out to go to a party
tonight so um I thought as we're dressed
up we might as well film a video so
we're going to do the boyfriend tag and
there are 30 questions you're not
allowed to look I've got them on a sheet
here so I'm going to ask my questions so
that maybe you guys can get to know him
a little bit if he's not too quiet cuz
I'm doing all the talking so the first
question is where do we meet we met at a
friend's barbecue which is very dull oh
yeah yeah nice evening it's better to
like oh yeah we're at an advance I'll
agree with that where was our first date
uh depends what you define as a date
yeah we met a few times at parties than
we and then our first date I think I
took you out to supper but yeah which I
think it's our first date a month later
yeah it wasn't a month later was like a
week late yeah okay number three where
is our first kiss and how was it this in
one way it has to be good otherwise I'd
be upset no obviously it's very good but
where that's a good question I would say
probably was at your house there was at
my house yeah there's on stairs haha um
did you know that I was the one
controversial very everyone the one mmm
wheantr you got a ring on your finger
then like you know hurried but did you
know it was like I would describe our
meeting as pretty much love at first
sight that's not is that being a bit
over the top no it's those but like yeah
we met and just didn't stop talking for
about three hours Mike talks a lot even
more than I talk which is from it yeah
frightening he talks of frightening him
out which you're probably not going to
get in this videos you're being very
quiet okay so the next question what was
your first impression of me first
impression of you uh you were can you
not describe it was a bit the first
impression was a little blonde bombshell
that came to be near the door very
brutally okay so we just ran our battery
and I had to change the battery pack but
question if I comes me questions yeah no
I all of our friends said that we
wouldn't like each other and I walked
past the door when you came to the door
and it wasn't my house so he kind of
came through the door but I was like I'm
not going to see you I'm just going to
the loo and Mike was like it
how rude a lot so that was a not a great
first impression really but after that
you probably start who's that with it
pretty much yeah we pretty much rusty of
me chatting and just relaxing yeah
um when did you meet the family I
officially on a kind of second time
around at yours it was a pretty brutal
occasion very quite rowdy bunch of
family the entire family brown family
were there and all of our family friends
pretty much so I basically had a form I
had the dog came up between my legs and
had a little note on its head saying I
heart my name which was delightful uh
and I was if anything that was my sister
yeah yeah yeah shot with a BB gun of the
lady she was a baby
uh two shots of Jager to the all my
family's now really old and all that
weird honestly it was a funny and then I
met your family was that after that but
let me cuz never before he met my family
one boy I think it was before I didn't
there wasn't anything particular wasn't
like I just came round and like to house
and they were there yeah and when was
our first road trip uh we've never
really done any road Jeffery but we did
a road trip around America recently that
smells very cool around California which
is pretty cool around old yeah but that
was like I mean we went to Florence
didn't we was our first holiday to Metro
not road trip but that was like a nice
holiday of
is not a road um who said I love you
first and where were you I have a bow on
my father's we were it with me Brendan's
21st flooded said to me but I had
something different going on in my head
so I instead of saying I love you back I
kind of utter the words I think I love
you which was kind of because that's how
I was seen it going my head even though
it was not meant so I was gonna say I
think I love you in the agency I think I
love you back yes I don't just I buy for
I love you and he was like I think I
love it was like oh man it's a bit of a
fail on that one year that wasn't that
we've been going out for like three and
a half years so that was quite a while
ago um what do you argue about the most
one cars probably you spending money I
think could be what we argue about the
most on ridiculous things yeah um what's
the next one who wears the pants in the
relationship really defin definitely me
yeah me I would say me but again
probably flush she's the bossy one
I'm not bossy I'm sister native
determined and assertive and now we're
12 I'm sitting in front of the TV what
am i watching some kind of zombie or
vampire movie no what's the one you know
you told me off I watched it hold a
string recently you told me oh god
what's it cool are the worst film the
worst TV show ever Vampire Diaries yes
Jesus at the moment and you're watching
Top Gear all the time 24/7 on Dave it's
always on which an what's the next one I
can't the see where as you can see it
what dressing doing it on my salad tell
me so neither it was really I salad a
little bit normally like on the side and
he like Caesar dressing you don't eat
salad - yeah my trip teen shit what's
the one food I don't like
don't that was a hard was very very very
few ie everything I don't know you eat
everything yeah I eat like the weirdest
thing even if I don't like it probably
anyway I don't know and you dislike too
many foods to even list like no I'd like
make one ketchup my equals at the devil
sauce literally Michael refuses to eat
ketchup yeah so ketchup Marmite you hate
o most kinds of healthy kind of things
something to you I eat berries
strawberries raspberries blueberries lot
most cut you get really fruity not but
you do eat vegetables so you're not
totally unhealthy great fisherman he's
still quite skinny there's not like
you're a big fat so I'm not a fatty
well actually I wasn't going to say but
um okay what's the next one
um we go out to eat what do I get to
drink gin tonic pretty much gin a
slimline
charity and so my tonic oh oh um meter
I'm here I like with diet coke most the
time I'd order I don't usually drink
when we go out to sea especially if it's
only going for summer that's just going
for a general me or something that is
that but going out out then yeah
appalling beverage how tall it they're
not alcoholic I wanted to say what do
you you either have a Coke or a corona
prolly a Peroni or Corona I get confused
with this topic placement shit what size
shoe do I wear five yeah I'm impressed
by that
watching you wear size 11 but sometimes
you're ten and a half maybe a little cuz
most people yeah turnin off yeah there
we go good knowledge should have a good
knowledge of three and a half years
number seventeen if I was collecting
anything what would it be
makeup fresh guarantees yeah and for you
I would say either games or cars cars
cars collecting cars you aspire to
collect cars you can like cars in your
mind I think on the fridge with the top
gear fridge magnets with the car
collection thing alright yeah what is my
favorite type of sandwich you don't need
surgery
absolutely no but you know she probably
put on mayonnaise I think I don't really
eat sandwiches so that it's not really
your favorite sandwich
is egg mayonnaise standard standard what
would I eat every day if I could
sushi yes out of it yes she's a good one
say shit and drives me to write um and I
would say for you it would probably be
chips no roast I race Sunday roast every
day this amazing me I'm the only person
in England that doesn't really like
roast that much I like it sunday is the
day to roast yeah okay what is my
favorite cereal bran flakes at the
moment brand I changed cereal like every
week at the moment it's bran flakes for
you honey not honey not like moment but
you do like crunchy nut shreddies you do
like Sugar Puffs we change cereal every
time we get shopping
um what is my favorite music yes ten
points music Taylor and yours you like a
lot of different music for heavier cuz
you kind of like heavy rock a little bit
of metal a little bit of kind of in the
use like indie more when we first met
but you're trying to change now the
Lighting's really bright on my face but
it's not right on your face what if I
say nicely um what's my favorite sports
team let's say I stability and oh she
doesn't like any she is boys forty yeah
you probably England you support England
England England
do I what's my eye color and I'm doing
this see garlic it's kind of many brown
but with a bit green in yours a brown
yours do you have a little bit of green
tea no no as much as mine is a pretty
much brown who's my best friend bottom
wolf oh my best friend ah I'd say
probably Lucy yeah and he was as Dutch
yeah yeah um 25 what is something that
you do that I wish he didn't if you do I
know me well abouts of I do yeah what
what is something that you do that I
wish you wouldn't so what do you do that
I don't like
probably a wash top gear all the time I
like talking but when you see in each
episode ten times that's annoying
I don't know what gaming you hate me
gaming I don't mind no
when you gain for like five hours and
yeah that gaming chair you were watching
a Christmas gift guide video I hate the
gaming chair ah um what what do I do you
don't like wake up you don't know maybe
huh oh goodness
um probably show wearing fake eyelashes
but why it goes crazy if I have fake
eyelashes always like take them off Rama
and you don't like bright lipstick
either not too much for my sister
yeah is it oh natural kind of guy and
what is my heritage it's kind of a
random question I know question boy both
me England English English 27 you bake
me a cake for my birthday what kind do
you make it would not be chocolate cake
yeah she I hate chocolate cake that's
one thing I don't like we just just
thought about and feel weirdly Debra
chopped cake I probably say red velvet
again I don't love it but it says the
one thing that comes to mind with cakes
and for you I'd cookie your chop okay
probably would the gooey inside one of
those chocolate bomb cakes you like this
camera Joanie is caving enrollments 28
did I play sports no she didn't I am not
on this life if she fails when it comes
to sport you did I did I know I'm
answering a question basically I failed
I'm jumping ahead of the game in and the
I played a lot you play football and
cripple more ugly cricket hockey he was
just general mr. sporty pants after all
those odds
um number 29 what can I spend hours
doing this YouTube experiment and for
you I would say gaming pretty much too
much well cleaning cars
it might cleaves the cars he'll spend
the whole day cleaning my car and his
car the whole day he will spend creature
growling it's insane um 30 what is one
unique talent that I have um apart from
talking that's not unique
um unique talent very good people I have
hmm
oh thanks except when you grab another
one yeah
and your unique talent I would say is
that you're always positive about things
I'm quite negative I'm not a negative
person but if something upsets me I'll
just see all the negatives and get
really upset and why it's always there
to tell me all the positive things in
life and to cheer me up and that's why
it's very sweet so that is the boyfriend
tag I hope you like seeing like I may
have convinced him to be in some kind of
day in the life fled war fled I go he
would talk today I might have convinced
him to be in some day in the life or
flirt as your videos as I called them we
be in something yeah maybe maybe if you
could pencil the response this video yet
but um yeah so thanks thanks me video
and we'll see you again first buh-bye
