we won't just arrive guys so epic from
Loxy town welcome to vlogmas day 10 get
ready for the jingle
the problem is with a gingerbread house
you ready gotta wait is that is that
it's hard to eat so we're gonna smash it
are you ready Arthur one two three
smash it do again so it's half past one
Mike and I are still in our PJs and we
are having scrambled egg for lunch
progress this morning in terms of
getting ready not great but in terms of
hanging things on walls it's pretty
amazing
blogging also not great progress editing
progress also very limited but on the
plus side we've been hanging all Mike's
been hanging I've been his glamorous
assistant look at the pencil behind as
we're thinking this way it's good
drumstick pencil mine is here so I roll
all morning is literally how he drum
rolls lunch
I finally managed to get in the shower
put a little bit of makeup on I felt
like I've worn zero makeup for the past
almost a week it feels really weird
putting makeup back on just a tiny bit I
literally I'm wearing concealer mascara
and a little bit of brow stuff all in my
brows I mean I really need to get my
browser with it
so I feel like really stressed today you
know I don't know if you guys have ever
moved house and kind of like got
everything ready but I feel like Mike
and I just been going round and round
and round and round and round and every
time I go into another room I picked
something up take it to another in pick
something else up take it to another
room and it's just kind of non-stop so
it's about half past three I've got to
go to the supermarket now because oh
hello Mike with a lamp he's doing some
rewiring of lamps yeah I Steve marking
out because my friends Lauren is coming
round for dinner so we're gonna get
supplies this one's going to his work
Christmas do and well I'm not gonna lie
I beat you out of pajamas yes but that's
purely because I've been doing more jobs
are you lazy
sure sure I spy with my little eye a
very sleepy pussycat hello growly wait
in there this dog bread is actually like
built into our new kitchen obviously the
cushion came from my old house but the
dogs don't really sleep on it do that
because they're always on the sofas down
there but really loves it this is your
bed this your bed I'm doing a little bit
of a supermarket sweep for Lauren gets
here because we have a zero food and I
think I'm going to do like a bit of a
snappy dinner because she said she'd had
a massive roast so yeah let me get some
dips and veggies and not entirely sure
what else a pizza bread
not very well-organized and being really
naughty guys and starting Christmas
early Devils on horseback hell yeah
anybody doesn't know what these are
their dates wrapped in bacon they're
probably the best thing ever they are so
much better than sausages wrapped in
bacon and I'm excited
I just turned around the quickest snack
platter in the history of existence
I've got crisps I've got hummus I've got
guacamole salsa carrots celery cucumber
there's a little space there for a whole
meal pita bread was in the toaster a
little space here for the Devils on
horseback
I've got anchovies chorizo artichokes
olives and then this one is for the
olive pits yes I did already eat one I
didn't end my vlog last night because I
chatted Lauren for a few hours and then
I fell asleep on the sofa with the dogs
actually all three dogs sleeping on top
of me and might came back our husband I
was like what are you doing so this
morning I'm gonna let the dogs out
actually because I can hear them barking
hi hi hi guys hello they're noisy one
how are you how are you rested on our
dog's bedroom sit your bed regrets what
shall we take you out for a week release
the hounds and they got piglet is
perfectly camouflaged to the gravel
danger zone come on guys you get and
left
yesterday's vlog well the Tanzania vlog
- which is like three days they
uploading overnight it got to 96% it was
on like 75 at 7 p.m. last night this is
not good new house internet guys new
house internet it is booth HQ going on
right now we've stocked up for our
Christmas party what's filled up our
Tesco Delivery dis rived calm or beer in
there we are gonna have a Christmas
party next weekend I'm very excited
you've got like one second got one
random extra person but so that's gonna
have to be lost although I do like that
it's called DeLuca maybe we should give
that to Hannah we need to make sure you
got the Prosecco to snack on but I
haven't II did you order is gonna be
enough I don't know I was asking you at
the time I was zombified at the time but
we're gonna end this vlog here
even though this is what is flaunt it
think you're fine back again it's your
usual bad vlogging terminus you saw me
when you got bad last night I was on my
back on the sofa covered in dogs and you
probably didn't see the dog bit because
don't spread mean job company very sorry
um that's gonna be it for today hope you
enjoyed
