okay so we may be about to go for a walk
mother for walk walk eat you look like
you've already been for a walk II with
those muddy paws check those bad boys
out definitely shouldn't be on the cream
carpet dog them rookie bookie bookie
come on then mud tastic dog get it wife
she's quick you can't have both of the
balls
woof doesn't give her balls back so we
have to have two balls when we're on a
walk I'm trying to one-handed tennis
racket and if you didn't notice we use a
tennis racket because the ball throw is
like the proper dog ball throw it yeah
I'm too slow apparently the proper dog
ball throw is are um they're not good
enough they don't go quite far enough
for some reason it might be my semi mal
coordinated way of throwing them but
tennis racket works better for me
well she caught it in one caught it
again something tells me that woof may
have bitten off more into a distance is
the plight of one very little dog with
one very large stick and she doesn't
like me getting too close because she
thinks I might take the suit off let's
see you try and get through the gate
with that okay I underestimated her
skill apparently and she's hot it's one
very very dirty dogs come here was
feeling very happy for herself but she
still got her ball which is not meant to
have off she finished their walk but
that is a hosepipe kind of a tangling
one and what are you doing what is that
you are sitting in the drain well
oh dear Chloe come to wash off a power
wash effect and then she runs away which
whoopee catchy doesn't mind this
surprisingly I'm probably gonna waddle
over my camp huh Whitney come here you
guys wanted to see a day in the life
this is my life
that's rush off to London I thought I
would do a very quick outfit of the day
for you as part of my day in the life I
guess this kind of fits in quite well so
on my feet I'm wearing my trusty Russell
and Rowley black riding boots absolutely
love love love these I've hardly taken
off since I got on a Christmas put on my
gap jeggings which I also hardly ever
take off a warehouse top which I think
was a haul video a few months ago really
really like this kind of ioki gray a
long gray cardigan which is from shop
called cotton on that I got in Santa
Monica when I was in LA my silver and
black metal belt which I have had on in
my last three outfit of the day videos I
think but absolutely love that my trusty
leather jacket that pretty much comes
with me everywhere even though it's very
very beaten up and distress absolutely
love it and then I'm also taking my
Balenciaga bag which I thought goes
quite nicely because it has silver
finishing and it has silver on boots and
silver on the belt and so finishing on
the jacket I find it quite annoying if
there's gold and silver mixed on
different pieces of clothing I don't
know why yeah so I hope you guys like
this and I'll see what else happens
today okay so I'm currently in the
ladies powder room in fennec from one
stream I thought I'd show you guys how
cool it is in here could the mirrors
I'll just show you in here how cool is
have I'm actually about to go to a
reader to get a smooth infusions
treatment on my hair which I really need
because it just got raised on and is now
super duper frizzy so I'll keep you
updated from there so I'm actually a
reader Institute right now in Covent
Garden I thought I would give you guys a
look I just had my smooth infusion
blow-dry and kind of treatment which was
very very nice
head massage as well
if you want to check out what my hair
looks like yeah I couldn't make my hair
look like that at home well maybe I'll
try it but see we have makeup in here as
well actually focus if it will focus
maybe it won't yeah so there goes the
makeup stand and then you have all the
products down here which are pretty
amazing I love Evita I've used to need
it for a long time kind of on and off I
always tempted to other products and I
always go back to the leader so my mom's
kind of staple one thing that I've
inherited from her and then there is a
lip handful to the end as well here and
then some bloggers sitting down there's
also just had their hair done since the
toilet we bought you double squeak
that's the better squeakers
what do you think
