hello everyone so today I'm going to
talk about my three most embarrassing
moments and I don't know if this is a
tag or whether it's just one that some
other people are doing I know Ingrid's
on it so I thought hey I might as well
jump on the bandwagon and do it too
because I do have some pretty
embarrassing stories to tell you so I'm
just gonna get out there first my number
one most embarrassing moment actually
can't be included in this video because
I didn't ask a few people about whether
it would be appropriate to put in this
video and the unanimous answer that I
got was no way so I'm afraid I can't
tell you my most embarrassing moment I
mean I was kind of up for saying it but
apparently it's not appropriate for
YouTube so let's just say it involved a
stomach bug in a beach and that I will
forever be taking the mickey out of for
that day and it was just so embarrassing
so my number one most embarrassing can't
be talked about so I'm gonna start with
my number three which is technically my
number four and it actually is pretty
tame so basically I was doing speech at
my best friend's 21st and I was really
really nervous and I maybe had a few too
many glasses of wine because of the
nerves to kind of stem the nerves I was
a bit scared and basically I'm awful at
public speaking so I got up and I tapped
the glass to silence everybody for my
speech and no one shut up so I tapped it
a bit harder still no one shut up so I
decided to smack the glass with my knife
it smashed made a huge crash and
everyone turned around and was like oh
and just looked at me and it was kind of
silent and really embarrassing and then
everyone laughed so and after that I
made a pretty rubbish speech - because
I'm so awful at public speaking well I
don't know maybe it wasn't that bad but
after that embarrassment I didn't really
enjoy doing the speech let's just say
that okay so not too bad it's the next
one happen when I was actually quite
young I think I was 13 and it was home
clothes day at school if you're not in
the UK or you don't wear uniform
basically we have about one or two home
clothes days a year where we obviously
dress in our kind of coolest gear dress
up to the nines whatever because we're
not in uniform and we plan what we're
gonna wear like the day before like oh
my god we don't have to wear uniform for
a day so I had on these really cool new
jeans with stars on the side and
absolutely loved them and we were
walking it down the street and I was
walking with this guy that I kind of
quite liked you know maybe a little bit
of flirting going on
so we said goodbye and I turned round to
go with my friends to get lunch and he
trod on the back of my jeans tripped me
up I fell face down into the street in
the middle of the road my folder next to
me I dropped and it went smack at which
point I didn't realize my jeans had
actually come down taking my underwear
with them so I had a bare bottom and
basically half the school turned around
to look I then pushed myself up at which
point I didn't realize that my jeans had
actually fallen down so I basically
mooned the entire school yeah that's 19
pretty embarrassing not really what you
want showing you bum to the world but
you know there we go I was pretty
embarrassed so I kind of scurried off
for the embarrassed and cringed for
pretty much the rest of the week so
that's probably my number two or number
three most embarrassing moment okay so
my number one most embarrassing moment
I'm going to tell you about was when I
was thinking was 15 or 16 I think
probably 15 and I was at my first
serious boyfriends house and for some
reason I was getting changed I can't
even remember why I think maybe we've
been swimming and then we were going out
for dinner or something yeah so I was
getting changed by myself in the room
getting changed
I took my trousers off and my bikini
bottoms so I was totally naked on the
bottom half I had a t-shirt on the top
part at which point my boyfriend's dad
walks in opens the door I'm like I might
cover myself up or attempt to he then
kind of freezes and it's like oh my god
and just kind of stays there for at
least three seconds looking at me and
I'm standing there half naked seriously
I almost died that was a moment where I
was like the ground please swallow me
now so yeah pretty embarrassing yeah I
could never quite look at my boyfriend's
dad in the same way again and I'm kind
of glad I'm not going out with him
anymore because I didn't think I could
ever look at him in the same way again
after that so that was pretty
embarrassing so thanks for sitting
through my most embarrassing moments
video I hope you guys enjoyed it maybe
made you laugh maybe made you just
cringe and think oh god that's awful but
yeah let me know your most embarrassing
moment love to see video responses and
all that and hope to see you again soon
bye
