gotta go always we're really really
excited to see it and we thought we
might do a little review for you off but
yeah we're gonna go in
beautiful
hi everyone so we just got back from
wicked we thought we'd do we thought
we'd do a little review for you we were
gonna try and film when we were in there
sneakily but then we got a bit scared
because we're a bit too goody-goody for
that only yeah and it said no cameras so
but you will have just seen our little
intro outside before we went in we are
really excited because this has actually
been out for a long time I don't even
know
five years plus I think long time time
and we both really really want to sit
for a long time we didn't actually get
around to it so it took a trip to London
I'm gonna finally see this play my route
my old roommate had been begging me to
see this she has seen it like three or
four times and now I finally see it
finally seen it and I totally know why
she's seen it because basically it was
amazing yeah how I why is this amazing
how would I be so bad at reviews first
of all the stage the stage was
incredible yeah and the lighting was
absolutely incredible that's that they
had were oh my gosh the whole thing was
just like a huge spectacle and I think
the main thing I really liked about it
as well and I said this to my sister
just now I think it's the best play that
I've seen or the best musical I've seen
because everybody would love it I mean
kids would love it yeah nuts would love
it you know you can't really compare it
to the classics but it has something
about it that is other modern players
and musicals don't have it's very still
remains funny but it's not too much the
storylines really good I just absolutely
loved it I was blown away by it because
I was expecting it to be good but I
didn't think that being good probably
the best play I think I've seen so I
absolutely loved it I know and I thought
the girl who played the witch if for
some reason she ever watches
she was amazing her voice was just was
out of this world I cannot believe I'm
try and find the name of the girl who is
currently playing the witch in London
I'll put it in an annotation or
something cuz she was absolutely
incredible and just her voice was
amazing the cast was really good apart
from that but she really really stood
out there were a few moments when we
were just like how can she say
yeah amazing so anything else if anyone
wants to know the storyline of wicked
and what it's about
I'm sure you can go and read up on as
well but basically it tells the story of
the with the Wicked Witch of the West
before the story of The Wizard of Oz is
told and how she's a little bit
misunderstood I think that yeah if it
does it justice without giving too much
away maybe just give you a little hint
there and if you want to know the whole
story you can go and look it up because
we're not gonna spoil anything but I
think overall would both really really
recommend yeah this definitely is cool
because it's that's incredible so I hope
you guys found this big oh and we got we
got the dinner that if you're in London
you can yeah we actually booked it on
lastminute.com or dokgo UK the UK one I
don't know if there's a global whatever
we booked on last minute and we got the
we actually they're a really good seats
they were in the stalls and they were
kind of slightly like off center but
they were still really good and we can
see absolutely everything and they were
62 pounds 50 and we've got a two course
meal included at a restaurant called B
bar which is in Victoria very very close
to where the theatres and it was really
nice really like you know it was good
and I'd recommend it because 62 pounds
50 for a really good night out was I
think it was good it'd be a good thing
to do on a date for all of these really
nice guys out there looking for a good
date it was good but it's such such a
good play and I'd really recommend it so
I hope you guys enjoyed this and we'll
see you again soon hopefully
