hi everyone so this is my first ever
vlog on my new vlog town Ingrid
otherwise known as mr. Moretti or
actually the grid monster no was prefer
that name I like it because I remember
one so I thought we didn't look talking
about ingress visit and I last day in
London because she's actually I've had
an awful time I had an amazing time
yeah that's more like him have actually
have a really good time we went shopping
a lot over the last week I went to fire
me we went to London to the meter yeah
we did a meet-up that was so much fun we
won't see wicked that was cool yeah we
didn't there's a review coming up on
hopefully on this channel probably the
second video after this one I have this
hoodie today even though it says I know
because I'm a bit of a geek so should be
I am a nerd yeah exactly
going to know I think this is a very
flattering look on me my hair do you
guys know maybe though I don't really
know else what else I'm gonna put on
this channel what your eyes maybe a
little bit woof if they wanna see wolf
in a vlog put down below in a comment
woof with a bunch of exclamation point
and then what make sure you give it a
thumbs up stare and if you feel like
setting me any challenges to do you said
this way no one gave me any challenges
challenges and me challenges join joint
challenges will maybe just requests
questions that you want to know anything
to kind of go on this channel with I
might kind of intermix a few weird
reviews like a sport coffee machine yeah
I might do a review on that I didn't
really I'm the nerd
she's got all day so what else might if
I have found a coffee machine review
online I would have looked if I liked
coffee
I would watch your reviews the guy that
sold it to us is pretty that's another
thing we're gonna say oh yeah our
nicknames the first one I got before
Ingrid actually came is from my family
and they nicknamed me
Tron because I'm permanently plugged in
to a computer or a camera or something
basically electronic I came along and I
became she's trying one I'm
- and together they call us the Tron
girls we are said there's also miss
Fleur de Rossi blue green fairy I wish
is your nickname this would've all mine
she was in touch with the salted food
guy and she was just oh Barry we're
gonna meet Barret I thought happy maybe
this kind of 40 year old slightly dodgy
guy oh actually 22 nice guy totally
normal please call Barry hi Barry
as also Fleur de fog and mist share that
we had for the sort of food shoot and
then we didn't end up cooking so it
didn't work because maybe next time okay
so should we wrap it up there yeah
thanks for watching see you again very
soon
