good morning guys welcome to through the
9th of blog this get ready for the
jingle
I mean piglet here stop it stop it just
cuddle you don't let me talking to
Cameron to you you were just cuddling a
minute ago me and piglet here are having
major captures major catch ups someone's
calling and Fergie little face switches
on my shoulder as well I having major
catch ups I'm sat on the sofa I'm not
early this morning I was so tired last
night obviously I've never been that
tired I literally passed out like a
crazy person in the car we actually went
over to help my brother move house
because he's moved house this week as
well and he helped us so we're like we
owe so much so went over to help him and
got to about 9 o'clock I was like Mike
we've got to go home I fell asleep all
the way from his house to here in the
car and then we got back Mike lit a fire
and we sat in the sitting room for like
two hours I don't even remember it cuz I
was just asleep the whole time so
today's Friday I'm in my gym gear
actually because I'm gonna try and smash
it in the gym I feel like the last few
months I've put on quite a lot more not
quite a lot of weight I've gone a few
pounds just because I have not been
exercising because my back has been hurt
and I'm waiting ok my squidge
are you a guard dog yes basically I've
been waiting for my back to kind of calm
down before I keep exercising because I
didn't want to irritate it I see you
guys know that came up in October so
it's now like 2 months that I haven't
exercised so definitely noticed the
difference around the waistline so I'm
gonna try and get back in the gym today
Mike's also been injured he's had a
groin injury so he literally has been
off sport for like about a month as well
so we've just been like another exercise
house all the food none of the exercise
not good combination I also need to go
to the doctor because you know this mole
I was telling you guys about in vlogmas
day 2 that I went for a check-up on they
want to have another look at it so I
need to get a GP referral to a
specialist place in London so that I can
go
and potentially get it to cut out which
is not good is actually good because I
kind of want it out because if it's
torchy I don't want in my face so yes
that is what's happening this morning
that is all for my update I feel like
I'm a crazy sleepy tired person but
there we go at least and I have a piglet
trying to lick me up nose anymore
whenever this one sees the others
desperate to try and get cuddles she
never gets cuddles do you go and sit in
the corner and sulk because treacle
never asks she's a lady she never ever
asks for cuddles you have to go to her
but she still loves them and then this
happens and then you happen rat-faced
yes you happen at these guys are
actually really good buddies treacle and
squidge don't get along that well but
treacle and piglet get along very well
Hey and if you're wondering what all
these footstools are always doing around
there so piglet can get up and down
because otherwise she can do it it's
just not good for her back so she has a
little poof don't you biggy you have a
little poof a booster seat do you have a
booster seat
do you hear a booster seat you do in hmm
did you miss me
no it's feeding time at the zoo who's
gonna finish first Rika don't you steal
piggies hey kitty cat this is a new
floor for piglet you can do it piggy
sees no so scary she's like oh god oh
god these guys are working out really
hard right now so this is my mat this is
the problem guys
when he said resistance he didn't mean
that this is why I go on the cross
trainer not that you know your home when
you've got your scrambled egg breakfast
and your Frank's hot sauce
I miss you a lot this here is the face
of a very stress dog Oh piggy oh hi you
sleepy squidge is also here in her
natural habitat little monkeys piggy
hello so I haven't updated my vlog in a
little while guys because I have been
editing the Tanzania vlogs which is
taking the absolutely ages and I'm
hoping you guys are liking them as I'm
filming this you guys will have
hopefully already seen them because
they're going up before this video but
yeah they're taking me ages and treacle
is licking the dishwasher treacle Truby
what you do in get your nose out of
there please
we also have seriously limited food in
the new house I am yet to do a proper
big food shop yet since I got back
yesterday but I think these might be my
best bet for lunch mixed grains quinoa
lentil and wheat berry not the most
appealing lunch but when you're in a
pinch it will do and I'm gonna cover it
in hustles obviously so I am I am
we are on our way to do a homewares
run so we've had another Christmas treat
we're getting the Christmas tree
tomorrow hopefully or Sunday Sunday
one or the other sunday definitely
hopefully tomorrow if we get time so
there's a few things that we need we're
going to HomeSense
home base boots anywhere else probably
Tesco to get us dinner by the time we're
done I feel like it might be dinner time
you reckon I mean that's some serious
shopping you've got it in store for me
and I are not gonna lie that's not silly
like ten seconds in a shop person we
need right I have been putting shelves
together oh yes
badass shelving does though the problem
is the rest of the carriage looks
another tip so I mean are you gonna come
help me sort out and show them
everything up definitely not you're
gonna come and help we do my Christmas
shopping Christmas wrapping Christmas
everything Mike only has me to shop for
and who asked you have to show up all
this year everybody else
whatever trend everybody else think
you'll find I'm red this is what it's
like shopping with Mike which screws do
you want is big enough my darling
first Sox home base Mike it taking too
long it's taking do not hold me I
thought you wanted to be in so there's a
nice steady person oMG guys squidge
would lose her shoes coming into mum's
favorite shop the range on the hunt for
giant church candles to go on these
crazy candlesticks I bought the other
day they've got to have them if they're
gonna have them anywhere they're gonna
have me know they have the size that I
want like this size in fake what do you
reckon Mike won't be impressed with this
you want real candles we are now in the
mecca that is home scents and we found
two giant candles the range didn't have
them look all these chopping boards
actually amazing look at that one that
is amazing she think Jack would like a
for Christmas that is really nice I told
you we'd have enough time for numbness
or make or have too much time so that we
were in time Fernandez all in
more to come
what are you doing right now
so I got a giant Mediterranean salad
with extra hot chicken so I can get em
d/f oh not the usual half a chicken hot
with poker chips and corn has always man
those tastic what's going on a bit
disheveled he's the most I hope that
makes it into the vlog that was the most
a chef look I think I've ever seen you
look at your finest what are you putting
around it this is a couple of trees in
the way
well shouldn't have I mean look how much
stuff she's got in the back piled up
you're crazy so we're in the sitting
room I'm in my PJs feeling festive Mike
is here and we are having a bit of an
argument because his laptop will pick up
Wi-Fi in the sitting room and mine will
not my problem you all that sauce
rubbish it's not funny Mike is sitting
here browsing the internet whilst we're
watching Star Wars and I cannot browse
the Internet I mean - fair probably a
good thing probably the basis your life
hashtag sorry not sorry
hashtag cutest dog in the world no best
husband in the world
he piggy how did you just make that work
because some of us have technology
skills others like golden touch just
golden love us when it comes to
computers and technology when I just
touch my laptop made it work howdy -
clicks - clicks and I got your internet
and if you crash the internet now you're
in trouble
the cutest dogs in town
but that's gonna be it for today guys
min squidgy are having a little snuggle
we'll see you guys good morning you can
see my camera strap so annoying see you
in the morning
