morning guys so today is my second full
day here in Tanzania and today we're
going to visit a health care and malaria
clinic in Chioma and see what we find
but first I'm gonna have some breakfast
also in case you're wondering still no
suitcase feeling fresh feeling really
fresh no look how beautiful those guys
were actually standing right on the edge
of Lake Tanganyika which apparently
holds 18% of the world's fresh water is
that not absolutely mental so beautiful
we've just been looking around the
health care center in Tacoma and it's so
amazing there are so many newborn babies
here it's the cutest thing and we just
seen some full hour of twins incredible
I've actually just sat in on one of
Davina's little filming sessions with a
mum and baby he's about 16 months old I
think and he just got diagnosed with
malaria and it's actually quite a
positive experience because she brought
him in sleep early he's come to the
right place he's got diagnosed he's
getting the medicine he's actually in
the pharmacy which is just up there
right now getting the medicine and he
will hopefully be absolutely fine and I
think that's was quite powerful about
this whole trip and its really taught me
is that you know how easy is to diagnose
malaria literally took like five minutes
how accessible the drugs are they've got
the right facilities to go to which
luckily these guys do and it's free for
children under five who are the most
susceptible and then once they're over
fights still thing I was asking is like
it's quite affordable for them to buy so
it really is just more about awareness
and education so we've just left the
health clinic and we've come to a
village to see a community group that
are basically taking it upon themselves
to
as you take their own village in their
community and there is a community
change agent I believe his title is
who's going to be talking to the women
actually all women can be talking to
women about how to prevent malaria
within their own community
ladies and they're now showing us around
the village what was really moving about
that as we asked them you know why why
are you doing this why you kind of
taking action in your community and
every single one of those women had lost
one of their children to malaria and
they had all the information and they
knew everything and that's just so hard
it's like that final push to really get
rid of it is it's really really sad this
is running children around me but yeah
so so sad
back in my room now in bed I'm about to
go to sleep I had such a great day again
another really inspiring day and today
was actually amazing to see women in
their community actually clubbing
together to make a change in attitude
and a change in the way people think in
reaction to their own personal tragedy
and all kind of like grouping together
it was really really inspiring to be
honest that was our last kind of full
day out in Tanzania tomorrow morning
we're heading to another community
project in the morning and then we're
flying back to Dar es Salaam and then
going back to London I'm really looking
forward to meeting a few new people so
far the people in Tanzania have been so
friendly and welcoming all of them the
kids are amazing you know kids obviously
are always kind of intrigued by visitors
and kind of wanting to see what's going
on and kind of chat to you and stuff but
actual adults as well have been really
welcoming and really really friendly and
the culture here is just so lovely so
I've had such a great experience here
being able to see the struggles that the
people come up against but also how
they're kind of overcoming them and how
many years of campaigning all over the
world to kind of fight malaria is
actually paying off and how you know the
community level activity is actually
giving that final push to reduce malaria
even more so it's been really really
awesome it's so interesting for me to
see firsthand and I feel very lucky to
have been asked to come on the trip with
comic relief because they are doing
great work so yeah I'll see you guys in
the morning we actually have a later
start than the other couple of days I
think I've got to be ready to go at 8:30
so a little bit of a lie-in which I'm
looking forward to
morning guys so for our last and final
morning in Tanzania we're actually about
to leave kiddoemr and fly back to Dar
but we've come to a village and we are
meeting with a lady called Julieta who
heads up the Kibera see community group
and learn about some of the cool work
that she's doing in her community to
help fight malaria
so we've just finished chatting to
Julius II and some of the rest of the
group and rest the team we're just
finishing off some filming here but it's
actually really amazing to hear them
talk today now they're doing quite a
similar thing to the people that we saw
yesterday
they're almost like one step further and
the problems that they're identifying
with in their community are different so
it's not necessarily like people don't
know how to use the bed net so don't
have red nurses they don't have to wash
the bed nets to keep the insect side
kind of properties intact so it's all
about education how to use the right
soaps to wash their bed nets and also
they're setting up this amazing kind of
support system for children orphaned by
malaria as well they set up their group
four years ago and it's kind of seeing
the difference that it's made a little
bit further along the line and really
seeing the benefit of the community
change agents being in place in Tanzania
so a lot of the funding that is coming
from the comic relief in GSK
partnerships actually going towards
training for these groups and putting
community change major in place to make
sure these groups are well educated know
what they're doing so that's really the
difference which is amazing to see they
were really kind of properly seeing the
change in their community from that and
it was really incredible
this is what happens guys even when I'm
in Africa I get my photo taken when I'm
asleep every time with my mouth open and
I'm hoping I might be reunited with my
bag yeah probably not feel this but you
know here's my bad guys they found it
just kidding definitely not my bag I do
not know what is in there so there was
no luggage in the airport guys sad times
but we are now packing up the cars
getting ready to go back to the airport
just had a shower which felt amazing
wash my hair the first time in five days
yup and on my way home to see my very
excite I made it to Amsterdam we're
going back to London
why Amsterdam I don't really understand
how that works but I'm sorry what is
amazing and I'm travelling with Kieran
who is the cameraman that we have been
filming with all week he's never watched
a vlog before so this is Kieran he knew
he knew it away and I'm trying to think
about the best way to describe a vlog -
yeah well so basically like me
Johnny's camera about my life and
sharing it yeah yeah look we're in focus
now there I just turned the camera on it
was like you're a bit out of focus
it's a problem you guys know it's a
problem I look pretty rough right now as
well I'm not gonna like seeing a
reflection of myself it's not good but
we've got Starbucks on our way home and
got about an hour more before we get to
eat roast like 24 hours of travelling in
the sky and Absalom is epic guys doesn't
translate well onto camera but I want to
say that was probably the longest
journey ever since leaving kagome er but
I am back with this one who is emptying
the dishwasher hello there I'm looking
tired and Haggard without you around can
you please not look at this tired and
Haggard I mean y-you look fresher Stacey
I do not look fresh as a daisy the doggy
Walker here piglets seriously lost her
beep when I came back hello little bean
I miss you miss you piggy treacle is up
here know me she's grumpy and this one
I'm not entirely sure what position that
is squid Jerry you can't be with me - oh
my goodness so that's gonna be it for
today's vlog guys I'm gonna start a new
vlog piglets coming over onto this sofa
because she's jealous hello there big
thank you for watching I hope you guys
enjoyed these past two vlogs from
Tanzania massive thank you to comment
really for taking me out there because
it was such an awesome experience and it
was really great to be able
see some of the work that they are going
to be doing with GSK over the next two
years so the project that we went to see
the T CDC actually obviously they're
already working but they haven't
actually started working with the grant
that they've got from GSK and comment
relief yet so it'll be really amazing to
see the progress that they make with
that kind of extra push I think it will
make a really big difference so a big
THANK YOU stem and I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
