hey guys and welcome to vlogmas i think
this is probably gonna be day six or day
seven my phone is ringing hang on a
minute today I have just been a
beautycon I just got back got changed
washed all my makeup off and in stark
contrast to that I'm about to get on a
flight to Tanzania so what on earth am i
doing in Tanzania I'm going to Tanzania
with comic relief and GSK to look into
malaria so I can't really for partners
with GSK targeting malaria in five of
the worst affected countries and
Tanzania is one of them 15 years ago in
malaria it was like the forefront of a
lot of aid work and it was really the
focus of a lot of charity campaigns I
know the stat 15 years ago was that one
child every minute died of malaria but
since then in the last 15 years it's
been half which is amazing like it
sounds amazing
something's half but that still means
that a child is dying every two minutes
which is crazy
so comic relief at GSK asked me to go
out and see what it is like for people
living with the risk of malaria and to
take you guys along with me and show you
my experience and what I learned because
whilst malaria is obviously you know an
awful disease it is killing so many
people it's also preventable and
treatable and it's really really
difficult to process that fact that it's
still killing a child every two minutes
I thought it's just so crazy so I'm
really looking forward to this trip I'm
also a little bit nervous I don't really
know what to expect and I'm looking
forward to learning a lot and kind of
taking everything in and hopefully along
with you guys seeing some of the good
that is being done and some of the
progress that's been made but also to
see like what we can do and what what
you know is still needed to be done out
they haven't told me too much about
where we're going or what we're going to
be doing because I think they want to
see kind of my reaction as I'm going so
I'm gonna tell you guys all about it I'm
about to get on a 15 hour flight so come
along with me I'm hoping I get some
sleep because I'm super tired I have
not had much sleep in the last few days
so here we go let's sleep on this plane
might let me borrow his rucksack for
this trip because I do not have one of
my own here we go it's my hand luggage
we made it to defy with half an hour to
change our necks like we're just gonna
make it I think there might be holding
the same grunts oh yeah sorry
ha ha take the change over so we made it
to
darussalam Airport my bags however did
not the soonest I'm possibly gonna get
them is the day after tomorrow
so I've just got to the hotel on checks
in my bag is not gonna be with me
definitely until Tuesday afternoon and
it's Sunday night now but I'm actually
here with some really awesome people who
have donated some clothing one of whom
is Davina McCall who you guys might know
she's super lovely and literally just
ran out with an armful of spare clothes
it's just like you know I told you I
brought Spurs of everything I have a few
things and tops and some trousers and
luckily she's the same size as me thank
goodness we're now actually going out to
a reception at the British High
Commission um and I had like a fancy
dress in my back to wear so what I'm
doing instead I've borrowed a top of one
of the other girls which is like a smart
black top and I'm keeping my jeans on
and hoping to find some flip-flops from
one of the other girls as well and I'm
just gonna style out not ideal but here
we go guys I also have a zero makeup
very very minimal toiletries but on the
plus side I have a toothbrush and a half
deodorant and I have my malaria tablets
so I'm good to go
here to mark the partnership context
mere of two great British institutions
official announcements of the best runs
from the partnership between GSK and
company which will break malaria and
help improve health here in Tanzania
I've been involved with me for nearly 20
years strip here is really a visit from
me learn to come see probably has done
is doing will do to find out a bit more
about it no matter where you live no
should have to lose
and no child should have to lose you
know a pregnant mum
no doctor should absolutely patients no
country should be overwhelmed quiet
so I've just got back to my room after
the drink deception at the British High
Commission it was such a nice evening
actually was really good to get to know
a bit more about malaria and Tanzania
but more about the country and also to
meet a lot of people who are working for
organisations out here that are trying
to tackle malaria and really address the
issue and hearing it from them having
grown up in this country with those
issues a lot of them having seen the
impacts that just simple education and
prevention methods can have for people
yes it was really good to hear a bit
more about it obviously you can read the
stats but there's nothing like kind of
meeting people who have been through it
first Allen who live here and really
kind of see the effects of malaria
firsthand every day so we're getting on
a flight super super early tomorrow
morning I think we leave the hotel at
6:00 and we're flying to Kagome are
which is a more a lot more rural area in
Tanzania to visit some health centres
and some individuals who have kind of
experienced malaria and see the
challenges that they have especially
mothers with young children because they
are who it's affecting the most so that
was gonna be up this evening I just
packed everything up ready to go first
thing tomorrow if I should just wash my
underwear and sink as well because as
you guys know my case is not here and
I'm in borrowed PJs and borrowed clothes
tomorrow all girls on the trip have been
super generous and everyone lent me
something so yeah I'll see you guys
bright and early but if an early start
this morning guys I've got my backpack
on can you see it and ready to fly to
Kiko
we've just touched down at kagome
Airport is so much greener here you can
instantly tell how much more rural is
we're on our way to the Tanzania
communication and Development Center
which is one of the projects that the
GSK and comic relief partnership are
giving a big grantee over the next two
years and we're just going to learn a
bit more about how people are working on
the ground to change the way the
communities kind of see malaria and
react to malaria and that kind of final
push to stamping out malaria which isn't
necessarily links to having drugs or
having Nets it's more about you know the
way people are viewing malaria within
the community and also the way they are
kind of educated about how to take the
drugs even
so we've come to a village that's about
40 minutes outside if you go in the
middle of nowhere and it's amazing the
kids here are just unbelievable I've
just been chatting to what I called
Leonard which you guys will see in the
main film that we're making with comic
relief hi and he's just doing such
amazing work here he's like a volunteer
health worker and I've got a little
audience now but he's doing such amazing
things for the community trying to
educate them about malaria and just kind
of spread the word and also to dispel
like the myths around a lot of for
health care and just get them to trust
the health care workers which is a
really hard job but yeah I'm excited to
share his story with you guys in the
actual current relief video because he
has really really specialized the magic
of snapchat feeling a little bit like
the Pied Piper right now one of the best
things I've seen today they're not
missing their Middlesboro versus whole
city game can't believe that
we've just got to our new hotel in
Coloma and I am in bed feeling very very
lucky right now to be sat under a
mosquito net it was such a good day
actually I was really really inspired by
meeting the guy that was talking to us
called Leonard cotton before I said that
earlier but he's basically this
community health care worker that is a
volunteer and he volunteers a huge
amount of his time to helping educate
local people in his community about
malaria and it's so amazing to see
somebody like that he's been touched by
malaria and such an awful way he lost
his first child and Larry when he was 19
and it was really amazing talking to him
and just I was just very very inspired
by his Drive and his motivation and
thrity his dedication to helping his his
community is quite quite moving and
exceptional I hope you guys see that
when the actual comic relief video is
made and released in March that's where
we gonna be it for my first vlog from
Tanzania there will be another one which
will go up probably tomorrow the day
after tomorrow from the next two days
and I'm really looking forward to it I
it's always a funny one with these trips
because you never know quite how they're
gonna make you feel obviously a lot of
the stories that you hear exceptionally
sad but it's also really moving and
inspiring to kind of hear people's
positive stories and how Leonard was
actually changing the way people in his
community were reacting to malaria and
the way they were fighting it and he's
really encouraging change in the
attitude in his village is really quite
inspiring to see so yeah I'm really
looking forward to tomorrow I've got a
few other people to meet and a few more
bits to shoot for both this and
for the contrary film so afford that and
I will see you in the morning my eyes
