hey guys so today's vlog is gonna be
something a little bit special that I
may or may not have filmed way back in
October so I got an email in October and
I nearly pooped my pants because YouTube
YouTube themselves this platform that
you're watching this on asked me to be
part someone beefing outs I'm like chill
out dude so I was beefing outside about
this I'm like I know it's exciting but
just calm down
YouTube asked me to be in YouTube rewind
oh my god like can you freaking believe
it like I nearly lost my shins and I did
it and I've loved it I loved a little
bit of it it was quite a weird thing to
vlog because it was really cold and on a
construction site in East London
somewhere and I've logged a bit of it
and my so you guys might want to see it
because YouTube rewind came out today
I'm in it for like a very short period
of time but I'm still in it and it's
awesome you should rewind it's been
something that I've watched every single
year and it's always so amazing like the
production of it is crazy there's like
all of the youtubers that I look up to
in it and just it's awesome and I'm in
it and I can't believe it and do you
want to see the vlog do you wanna see it
if you want to see it then keep watching
because I'm gonna start right now good
morning guys so today is actually the
18th I think it's the 18th of October
but you guys will be seeing this in
December because I've been sworn to
secrecy about this shoot I am going or
I've been asked to be in the YouTube
rewind video this year oh my god I'm so
excited I actually can't believe they
asked me it's awesome so basically I'm
heading down to London today to go to
the shoots like top-secret shoot it's at
a construction site in East London
because they're basing this portion of
the video like I think it's like the UK
but on the fifth harmony work from home
video so the first thing I asked was do
I have to dance and where scantily clad
clothing but they said no so thanks
goodness for that
I'm gonna be doing some work he stuff
but I
see I'm not wearing my outfit yeah I'm
like half wearing it I've got my ripped
jeans and white t-shirt on but you guys
will see what I'm wearing later I'm
hoping they might have some like
timberlands or something that I can
borrow because they're like bring
timberlands I was like I don't know so I
have like my most work he boots which
are like brown leather boots anyway I am
late I don't wanna miss my train
I'm really excited I'm gonna take you
guys along with me yeah let's go
so I've arrived on the shoot and my
camera's already covered in dust but
check out this creepy building we're
shooting somewhere over there in the
dust and my workers outfit yeah they
lent me some work boots as well such an
actually need my own thank goodness I
got my jeans on layers work belt gloves
clearly I use these we just did the
super sexy
fifth harmony asks shoot with my youtube
this is the house we're building guys
yeah true story mix in the cement this
is hilarious right now hanging out Dina
and we are mixing cements and looking
real sexy with the Spade
so I've just been to the loo in my
outfit guys seriously wearing a tool
belt and trying to go for a wee it's not
very compatible I really want to go and
explore this building as well it looks
like something from The Walking Dead
which I found out I think starts again
next week I mean the wind is not my
friend today we're saying up right now
to put some men on our faces nor else
men I hope in a dressing gown right now
guys did it guys oh it's all gone I was
gonna plug wiping it off but there we go
all down here lovely and the midges tips
all of the actual cement over to our
feet spray so we just finished this you
I had so much fun I'm now on my way from
meeting in central London yeah I'm so
cold I feel like by the end of it being
in like a little t-shirt and denim
jacket and missing there on the deck
chair in the freezing cold be like
wiping my mouth or my face like oh honey
it was freezing guys so so cold but
smelt banana which is always good so
that was it guys that was my day at
YouTube rewind if you haven't seen the
YouTube rewind video already go and
check it out because it's awesome I
genuinely can't believe I think this is
a highlight of my youtube career really
being asked to be in each everyone is a
pretty big deal and I was just so
flattered like beyond like that that
they asked me because I know there's a
lot of people that do you and are really
successful on YouTube and they asked me
and I felt really honored so thank you
to you guys for supporting me so that
that is possible because without you
there would be nothing nothing like this
would happen to me and you're awesome
and I really appreciate you and I really
want you guys to know that and I'm gonna
stop being cheesy now and I will go but
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will
see you very soon
well tomorrow to be precise because
after all it is vlogmas
get ready for the trinkle here we go
you
