hey guys welcome back to vlogmas
so today we have a special little video
for you guys because whilst I'm not
entirely sure what's going on back here
squidge she's having a good itch I think
you just scratch what and a moan okay
whilst you guys are watching this I will
be in Tanzania with comic relief you
guys are we seeing vlogs from there very
soon but I'm pretty sure I have a zero
Wi-Fi so we know someone with this for
the time being apologies all around
you've got to deal with me so I was
thinking what can I can I do for a video
that is gonna replace a daily vlog well
sinawe and I thought God knows pattern
of pens it's gonna happen do a couple's
Christmas we're getting festive guys I
forgot my Christmas jumper on my knees
like Ebenezer Scrooge she's got piglet
on his lap his cup of tea
the dogs are like just causing mayhem
behind this and we're gonna just do a
couple's Christmas Oh wonderful and I'm
gonna win the first question is what
does he / she want for Christmas this
year
hang on let me just get the just fill up
the notebook Mike wants everything this
is also like it can be unrealistically
expensive which is what I'm putting for
you because basically I asked Mike what
he wants for Christmas and he never
gives me an answer that's under like
50,000 pounds from like well you're not
gonna get that are you Mike what is
their favorite thing about Christmas and
you can have a couple of options because
I've got a lot of favorite things about
Christmas question three this is a hard
one for me favorite Christmas food oh no
I know people I know I'm gonna win the
next question is favorite Christmas
drink
easy for you you have you ever drink
beer but that's not a Christmas drink it
has to be a specific Christmas drink
like it can't just be like I like
drinking beer at Christmas it has to be
either like mulled wine
eggnog mulled cider do you know I mean
that's just that's just gonna be your
problem
the next question is worst thing about
Christmas is this for me makes to him a
test piece it's smug best Christmas
present they've ever received and we're
not talking like from you or me
which I'm like in your whole life Oh
Ruthy yes what's not well I known you
nine years well because you might have
talked about that the next question is
how many years how many Christmases have
you spent together including this
Christmas if you get this wrong I'm
gonna be really disappointed oh this is
the final question okay what do you give
them for your first Christmas together
must have been I remember what I bought
you for the first present I ever bought
you for your birthday after we first met
I bought you a remote-control helicopter
hmm that makes me think I probably
would've bought you another toy because
you're already into that kind of stuff I
remember what I bought myself okay so
the answers here we go guys okay what do
you want for Christmas I would like the
girls and the thing that I want the most
for Christmas I think is she won't see
boots do you have them render and that's
the way to see on Christmas Day well no
boots she saw in Liberty's favorite
thing about Christmas so what I would
most most love about Christmas is been
with family oh I put roast dinner my
belly
Oh Christmas party
okay what I love most about Christmas is
giving presents yeah as I my favorite
and anomalously that and also put I said
giving presents and putting up the
persons for you yeah I do love that I
just love everything right this very
favorite Christmas food okay what did
you what's your favorite Christmas we
like pigs in blankets no us kids are
definitely your best one I crossed out
put what are yours it's the cheese board
without a doubt that's why I said pigs
in blankets and Brussels sprouts but the
chief Lord is definitely one favorite or
trifle oh no not trunk to mercy mums I'm
just - whatever she does she does
basically all the food okay next
question
favorite Christmas drink mine is mulled
wine you're on it right I put yours
multi cider failed Christmas beer no I
told you can't have just a beer it has
to be a Christmas what do I drink at
Christmas if you didn't have gingerbread
latte if you want it you can roam I do
that I just want I've got damn busy
woman no you can't have that stuff if
you had to have mulled wine mulled cider
okay regardless I do not like my sorry
I'm having half a mark no no no you
don't get any mark for that okay worst
part about Christmas for you what is it
fondue presents oh I put when it's over
buying me presents the worst part
because I'm worried about getting them
wrong do you know that what is your
worst part
getting the wrong present from my worst
part is when it's over I thought don't
be yours as well Oh waiting in between
when you open all the presents in there
warning and then the waiting until the
Christmas lunch that's why the worst
part of Christmas Day and you want to
eat the food but all the exciting
presents right
I don't know well we're both wrong on
that one what best Christmas present
you've ever received I put for you Tracy
Island you know why I know this because
Mike tell us this story every freaking
Christmas about how then there's a video
camera that his dad had and they filmed
him opening the Tracy Island Mike's
reaction was like I knew it was gonna be
that and you were sending it over to
like a relative or something so they had
to like rewind the tape and really film
it again pretending to open it be like
wow so excited and they basically ended
up being like and then going back there
timed it wrong and then you opened it
again and the new place and basically I
can tell what's the best present I've
ever seen red big unless we code Joker
Mike once brought me a really beautiful
not very nice yeah whatever whatever
what is your actual phone because I
think you probably actually my mulberry
suitcase that you want me that's the
most used Christmas present it can't be
the best one though because it's not but
it's definitely one I thought be
something from your childhood but but no
because there's something from my
childhood that would have been the best
Christian present ever was the Barbie
Caravan and my auntie I wanted it more
than anything in the world so badly it
was on all my just push this I basically
used to like rip out the same page and I
was a lot more every year and stick it
on my list and said to Santa and then
Christmas take a minority bought it for
my cousin who was like two years older
than me and didn't want another finish
and I was so sad I was literally like
how many years how many years will you
have been together this year versus 10
it's 9 this is 10 because we got
together this is why I was miscalculate
who have been together for nine years
but we got together in 2007 so we had
Christmas 2007 Christmas 2008 this was
2009 Christmas 2010 2011 2012 13 2015
this year 2016 10 yeah okay so a level
it's all squared all no I think I've got
more than
no because that does not count I've got
three full points I've got three full
points okay what did you buy me for the
first Christmas right Mike
the first Christmas we were together
might bought me a lot of Christmas
presents oh it's hard boy off the point
I get half a point me about that yeah
but if no no no no that bull because you
crossed it out I didn't cross it out you
didn't have the right arms crossed out
you had the wrong don't I said I got
your scarf you did not I did I pretty
much always a is garfish know you don't
know me Scott wasn't you didn't get me
Terry's chocolate orange already because
if I don't buy Mike it's Harry chopped
orange in his docket hell all the hell
breaks loose it's like not even funny
so how many points have you got I've got
one two three and too hard so I four
four four four and a half I thinking I
got that right
aunt Eva ha ha see you got three and a
half I got three and two hell no you
didn't get two halves you didn't get to
laughs no this is I will I'm gonna stop
it's a draw you did not win otherwise
I'm easy buddy
either way there is annoying
determinable considering we've been
together for 10 Christmases we only
money off of eight that's pretty bad she
get divorced pretty much don't you
I want custody a piglet if you guys
could see her right now somewhere laughs
she is so cute she looks
angelic literally she has a halo right
about here like I think you'll find
their homes right stop you're gonna miss
all right see you guys tomorrow
I hate you have a great day it's nearly
Christmas
by gosh
