good morning guys with my crazy hair and
welcome to the fourth day of llamas
today I'm getting ready for beautycon
and I have Mariah Carey all I want for
Christmas is you playing it just could
not get better right now basically
christmas is just here we're gonna do my
makeup obviously do my hair cuz there's
a bit of a crazy wet hair situation
going on let's do this guys let's get
ready I have about an hour and I'm
feeling so so festive right now
my makeup magically just appeared on my
face I intended to film it this morning
and I've just run out of time but Lucy
is here and I seriously love her this
morning because she just bought me an
eggnog latte it's the way to my heart
every time it arrives a beautiful we're
having a quick walk around before it
properly opens and have a little sneak
around check this out guys this is where
I'm doing my meet up later who is that
ugly monk and then oh I'm on the screen
as well this is crazy
all my favorite collection things and
they have Flyers of my face on - that is
pretty cool I'm crazy I found a secret
Instagram booth guys and they have this
awesome like can we demonstrate oh oh
psychedelic psychedelic can you try it
out
so something to be which is chillin max
a black stranger beauty mark sounds
really glamorous it's it's pretty it's
pretty why and an industrial looking but
look at the difference between our
coffee sizes
someone needs caffeine today I have like
the cutest baby cup in the world I don't
want to drink here so cute
oh what a cute forever on my way to my
meet start with collection and the first
one I'm no but nervous but see how it
goes hopefully you use me to like people
I just finished my first meets at thon
is it was so well we had such a good
time because every who came to that I
loved it and I was really I don't know
why it gets to Vanessa so nervous before
every meet up and now sound stairs
backstage of beauty columns the glam
life outside toilets touching up my
makeup before going to the Oilers time
to say hi to those guys so that is what
is happening now chili instead okay so
the unless hand is like crazy busy I'm
gonna try and get in dude this creeper
they're everywhere and we're just on the
way to my panel which is on here
yourself page there I think something
like a moderate in it which I'm really
excited about
totally fun I love this is so relatable
and just realize I feel like nothing
else in the PC world existed like that
you know magazines are amazing and it
uses incredible imagery but you kind of
looking at it as it as a normal girl
like do you still think it is as real in
a different kind of way
I think the personality is still there
and that kind of element of real women
and real girls talking about what they
love and having achieves that lurks and
it's changing something like the
production policies obviously improved
huge I mean from the webcam
so blurry yeah you know I think that's
made everything look a little bit more
polished a professional but the core of
it is still there that like kind of
sharing and them at the community
element still being there so I just got
back from beautycon I had such a good
time my meetups were both amazing and
the panel was really cool as well I
loved getting to talk with Sam and Nick
and yummy and I'd never met Megan Parkin
before and I followed her since she
started like all those years ago so it's
awesome and to be on apparels Rochelle
it was so fun I hope you guys enjoyed
seeing a little snippet of my day from
there and as always the meetups for me
which is like the best parks they love
meeting you guys so much I think a lot
of the time with YouTube will don't
realize like it's actually quite lonely
like making videos like now I'm on my
own but when you're like filming at home
like you work from home you're on your
own and sometimes I think it's hard if
you've you is to realize like we get
excited about meeting you guys as well
because we never like get like you don't
get to meet you in daily life so it's
really exciting and I had just a really
good time anyway I'm gonna stop being
all gushy now I just got back to the
flat and I am about to head off I have
about an hour before I head off to the
airport so if you guys I don't know how
much I've said in previous vlogs I know
that I said I'm going to terms in it but
basically I'm going with comic relief to
Tanzania for five days and what I'm
gonna do for the next few days I this
vlog is gonna be the last kind of daily
vlog for a couple of days you guys are
gonna see a static video it's more of me
and Mike doing a Christmas quiz which
actually like I've just watched it back
in is I mean I'm blowing my own trumpet
I think it's really good it's funny so I
hope you guys enjoy that tomorrow and
then there is a really exciting video
that actually filmed back in October if
you guys remember I said I was doing
something exciting I can tell you about
it wasn't moving house it was something
else
so I didn't vlog that day well that
video is going up on the 7th so I hope
you guys enjoyed that one was that the
six the six or seven I'm like so
confused about timing right now anyway
it's in the next few days of daily
vlogging gonna be a little bit mixed up
with like static videos and stuff and
then I am going to upload three videos
from my trip
relief so they're going to be combined
into like two days so I hope that makes
sense for you guys I'm gonna end the
vlog before I leave and then start a new
vlog tonight that goes on until tomorrow
just cuz I thought that's the best way
to do it anyway feels like I'm going
into this way too much you guys like
just shut up and show us the vlogs
anyway I thought I wouldn't also I've
got this goodie bag from beautycon I
thought I would have it I haven't
actually probably looked in it yes I
thought I would show you guys what I got
a beauty corn this is this is what
happened at beautycon I walked in and
they gave me this tote bag beautycon
tote bag fellow PT corns branding has
changed so much they used to do loads of
really colorful stuff and this is very
neutral but also very useful it has a
zip I love it and it's got some things
in it so shall we have a look what is in
here this first thing is from pixie oh
my god
it is opal overcoat it's a rose gold
eyeliner yes please thank well thank you
very much pixie that is awesome Oh Real
Techniques makeup sponge amazing I've
never actually is one of the Real
Techniques ones before I've heard good
things
there is a Lime Crime Velveteen okay I
just looked at the color these are meant
to be amazing heard loads of good things
about these but the colour that I got is
cement gray I might be giving that to a
friend I don't know anyone who would
actually wear it so I don't know oh
hello I feel like I'm delirious I'm such
a weird mood right now
collection velvet kiss moisturizing lip
cream and this is my favorite color
caramel oh yeah um
seriously is like my favorite the soap
and glory sexy mother pucker lip plumper
in nude star I've never tried those ones
actually I don't tend to go for lip
plumping lip glosses very often because
they I find a bit annoying a bit like
tingly but I've never tried that one
style instant nail-polish wraps I'm not
sure about that design but interesting I
only used two nail wrap in a very very
long time cosmetics
Cosmo tips just wing it life eyeliner
everything it's a notebook cool always
love a good notebook always writing
notes salt was another collection violet
kiss this is the color mango this is the
orange one which I have already and I
don't work very much
probably give her to a friend I look
Brown a fire in number 10 dark brown
that's an amazing product I also have
that as well but it's too dark for me
and some stick or nails not the
massiveness fan of that design what else
have we got stylehaul love The Geysers
style style compact mirror representing
I think that's it
and I also went to the Instagram booth
and they gave me this look smartphone
projector 2.0 which is actually really
good for this black because in case you
guys haven't noticed well a lot of
people did notice especially when I did
the flat talk I don't have a TV here I
always just either watch my laptop or on
my phone so now I have a projector and I
can watch stuff I can freakin projective
suite I'm very excited about this they
also gave me this unicorn ambient light
Paul it's pink the color is pink I know
it already
oh my god guys how cute is that not only
a fan of unicorns but anything that
lights up I mean I say I'm not a fan of
unicorns I everybody's a fan of unicorns
right but I'm not like I don't normally
have unicorn things it doesn't have
batteries in it I'm gonna have to find a
battery for it before it lights up but
I'm gonna put in there amongst all of my
other crazy things like pineapples and
yeah that's gonna be it for today guys
hope you enjoyed beautycon and my crazy
ramblings next time I see you I'm gonna
be back with Mike I wish I was gonna see
Mike again tonight because I really miss
him I'm not gonna lie I feel like that's
another thing as well like you guys
comment on quite a bit as like Mike and
I spending time apart I wonder if there
will be a video and that maybe talking
about distance and like our relationship
and how we deal with that because it is
like travel is a big part of what I do
for YouTube and kind of my job online
and stuff and I don't know if you were
interested in that if you would be
interested in that let me know in the
comments if you like let's do something
because I feel like a lot of people
think that you know I just leave my call
time and which I do like away from Mike
a lot and that I don't really seem to
notice that I don't like seem okaying
about it and he seems like OK about it
or whatever but
obviously there's certain parts of our
life that we don't put on line like I do
really really miss Mike coming away and
I talk to him all the time and he is so
supportive like he's always kind of the
strong one in that respect but he's like
don't worry it's just a few days I'm the
one that we on the phone to him in tears
like I want to come home I miss you all
that kind of stuff and I'll see like you
guys see a lot of my life I can share a
lot of my life with you but you don't
see that a lot I mean that's you know
that's an element of my life that you
guys don't see so yeah let us know if
you like if you would like to see
something that's like I'm waffling now
anyway but I really miss Mike so I'm
going off on a tangent yeah
I'm gonna go now I'll see you guys very
soon I'm gonna pack for Tanzania and get
on that plane 15 hours here we come
