good morning guys I look seriously scary
this lighting is really scary I'm gonna
go here that's better
it's currently hot for sex today is
Thursday and I thought I would vlog
because I haven't blogged in ages
I feel really bad I fully intended to
the kind of keep my schedule of kind of
like a vlog a week and then a pregnancy
update a week or every other week
whatever but I don't know why but whilst
I've been pregnant I've just been really
bad at logging I keep starting vlogs and
not finishing them I think it's made me
like a little bit of lack of confidence
and then once you do that once I just
keep doing it anyway I'm gonna finish
today's vlog I'm gonna do it it's
Thursday may be able to tell by my voice
they came down with the V worst sore
throat yesterday I'm hoping it's just a
cold
and it starts with sore throat and it's
not tonsillitis because at the moment it
is like all in my tonsils right now I
feel alright just like the last night I
slept so badly my throat was so sore so
anyway morning let's do this let's do
that as soon as I turn these lights on
these guys start well piglet starts
yapping good morning yep so cold and
dark
piglets like oh I don't want to go out
for a whiie here it's dark and cold man
go on oh yes stretch it out pick well
the four legged breakfast bar going on
right now I've actually gotten to a
habit of feeding these guys first thing
in the morning which is really good and
convenient in terms of the day but
they've become very demanding like if I
don't feed them instantly as soon as
they wake up they're in a strop
tasty this is the two legged breakfast
this morning guys I had an inexplicable
craving for a corner read specifically
the red cherry one no other one would do
yesterday and I went out on police
somehow enough for breakfast not the
healthiest breakfast I'm off to London
this morning so I have time to cook
anything I'm gonna have a little bowl of
cereal as well because that ain't
filling me up got a little bit of apple
juice I need to get a whole glass of
water because I have not been drinking
enough and then my drugs got my vitamins
and my meds and stuff so yay at 6:30
mike is still asleep just did my
in the car with Mike driving which I
have to tell you is a feat because he
drives too fast without this every time
he drives too fast if it was goin in the
car I'm on my way to London might show
into personal training he's coming down
to London latex got some exciting
something about them I have a couple of
meetings so my first meeting today is
estee lauder HQ for something exciting I
can't tell you much more than that but
are they basically gonna give me every
bit of s they'll order the I need to
make this look better no it's not
actually we're less than order maybe
they can attack train time got 7 minutes
to get my ticket so I've just got out of
my two meetings off this morning they
both have really well and had a bit of a
smashing grab lunch but I still have
some of it left in my bag it's got that
stage now where my tummy is so
restricted by the baby that my eyes are
always bigger than my stomach and
basically a half a prep suit and a bread
roll and then couldn't eat anymore so
I've got a fruit and a ginger shop in
Mobile actually sir and I'm just only
way up to meet Mike because I think he's
impressions of the road and then we are
going to a baby equipment
and then we are going to a book launch
tonight so enough having Mike in London
so much he's never here and it's really
funny when a theory would get a lot Mick
do I good day so far sir we just
finished a baby appointment all good in
the hood we went to a breastfeeding
class which was actually very really
really good and I really liked the lady
and we're now on our way to the lovely
Somerset House to go to G Fletcher's new
book launch which I'm very excited about
because the laughs weirdly enough the
last but launch of G's went to was her
baby book which is before I was
Pranksters book a book this book is a
fiction book but it's called some kind
of wonderful okay see wondering good to
know good tonight
considering of coming to launch with me
but yeah so the last time I went to a
baby book launch and she wrote at the
front of the book like oh it's full of
things that you like really won't want
to know kind of thing and then a few
months later I got pregnant and read it
and it was great it's actually perfect
timing I'm gonna have the trap what is
going on honking I'm also really hungry
some hopings
snacks if there's not snacks or didn't
have to get us a nice little train true
story
oh my god guys look how beautiful this
is I totally forgot they have ice
skating and the Christmas tree I'm not
getting so good I don't think I'd be
very good at ice skating right now so
festive though fun fact for you guys
Mike and I spent our first Valentine's
Day ever together in sunset house in the
restaurant to remember jolly well we had
one of those cheesy like set meals where
they brought you a rose and everything
out of romance wine and dine making it
just in time for the Train literally by
the skin of our teeth I didn't actually
vlog in the event because it was so busy
hoping we can get a seat on this train
oh so I'm home guys my baby brain just
got the rest of me worst of me best I
don't even know at this point I'm super
tired and I just had a total freakout
I'd lost my blog camera but I haven't
it's here in my hand it's such a mess in
this kitchen
it's literally like just covered in
stuff and I'm now gonna raid the fridge
because I'm hungry because I basically
just snack all day as I told you earlier
my stomach has been filling up very
quickly so I end up being like they're
not really hungry
Paul post might have a yogurt and some
fruit but this one is here hello baby I
missed you today
I miss you a lot love's a lot often
you're so sweet where are the other two
they still eating their dinner a whole
piggy I'm also just opening my post from
the past couple of days and I got sent
this which is a astrology book decode
the Stars oh by the way if you're
wondering why it's on to my hat and a
burnt it on my hair colors doesn't look
disgusting great let's not look at that
anymore bye Carolyn Faulkner and
apparently this is actually really good
excited to read oh and of course I've
also got this which is G's new book some
kind of wonderful how beautiful is this
cover of course I'm gonna like it it's
got stars on earth up excited to read it
trying to eat my yogurt and read my book
in P but instead
I've got this one what are you doing hey
you little stinker and I've got squidgy
oh don't look me in the face squidge Oh
down there
Mike's got treacle goodness me
someone might think you missed us today
did you miss me guys I'm up early again
this morning I'm just hiding out the
kitchen but I wanted to show you the
garden look it's the first proper Frost
starting to feel a little bit festive
dare I say it is not even the end of
November ah so I still don't have any
makeup on but I'm vaguely ready got my
eyes look rather like horrendous this
morning this one's just been for a run
we're on the Keen beam and I am now on
my way over I'm about to leave and head
to my friend Libby's house because we
are having a big charity sale tonight
and we need to set up for it so that's
what I'm doing helping her out and a
couple eggs on toast oh my yeah blossom
are you gonna be the end of this vlog
hmm okay everybody
not that he'll probably Friday when this
video goes up because I'm not that
organizing moment whatever day it is
happy whatever day I'm definitely taking
to make up with makers on it why am I so
red maybe the fact is it the devil is
inside you see if I hate the guy
