good morning guys and welcome to my very
early start at five plus six right now
my living room currently looks like this
I have a shoot today we're shooting five
videos for my bridal channel with my
sister so there are a couple of people
coming over to film and my sister is
coming over and we're not all gonna fit
in here with all this stuff so I'm gonna
get tidying this is what I really want
to be doing on a Friday morning tidying
at 6 a.m. oh yeah vlogmas is here
there's also my very interesting pajama
set up right now
I forgot my pajamas I'm wearing my
workout gear and a dressing-gown because
it is so cold
situation in here is not much worse
let's do this
now I'm with Hannah she's arrived with
no maker neither of us have any makeup
on because the first video that we're
filming today it's gonna be a wedding
makeup tutorial so I thought what's the
point in putting makeup on because I
just had to take it off again and then
I'm gonna do Hannah's so we're going to
get Starbucks because let's face it it's
Friday morning we need to be caffeinated
I had like 4 hours sleep I feel like
crap you probably didn't have much hope
either Hannah drove my hours to get to
London last night what happened the road
is closed it closed the road with two
kiddos in the back stance to them so
we're currently shooting a video about
wedding nails have a different color on
each nail which is definitely not
something I recommend as a wedding look
but and we're now trying to get real
close-ups with a really small bit I mean
let's by the way guys this is Tonioli
who i dunno i'm not just insulting their
beards and have a thing laughing at me
they have amazing beards like the
coolest team to out with because their
beard game is so strong and my nail game
is is not strong with a different color
and every finger very late lunch of a
Mexican feast oh yeah
so we've just finished filming we
actually had a really fun day the guys
that we film with are actually super
nice just done Hannah's hair which
actually is falling out a little bit we
did like an updo and I've kind of like
half taken it down
and curled it look how pretty she looks
you actually look really young you're
like a teenager it's so cute and this
used to be my jacket and I get returner
and now she basically looks like me like
from behind so I put so much texture
spray and curled your hair Hannah could
be me basically it's really weird I want
to do this too often know Hannah's just
left sad times and I am now on my way
out for dinner with my friend Natasha
who is over from LA so I'm very often
with her in her husband I haven't
actually met her husband before and then
I'm going to the style hall beautycon
party so I'm really excited I'm gonna
take you guys along with me to the party
probably not to dinner but I thought I
would show you my outfit before I go
I've been wearing this all day actually
apart from getting changed for videos
this is my Topshop kind of foki velvet
dress it's kind of like casual but very
festive and I like the detail on it if
you guys can see it has like a lot of
embroidered details on the sleeves and
unimportant up up on the bottom on the
hemline and then I also have on my
little Topshop boots these are my
favorites I have had them for over a
year now and I wear them loads so yeah
outfit for the evening let's go and eat
some food I'm going to ceviche which
I've never actually been I've eaten a
lot of ceviche before but I've never
actually been to the restaurant
it's VJ and it's meant to be really good
I'm going for Soho wine I just got back
to the fact like it's such a moody light
to your hair I left this lamp on and
this literally like sexy lighting I
didn't end up going to the style party
guys because by the time we got sat down
for dinner there was such a delay we
went to ceviche in Soho and it took like
45 minutes to actually sit down at the
table even though we had books was an
absolute nightmare and by the time we'd
finished our wall party was over
because 10 o'clock so I didn't even make
it before so rubbish I've got to edit
two vlogs now ready for tomorrow because
it's beautycon all day tomorrow and I
fly to Tanzania in the evening so I'm
gonna get editing I've also been
watching Black Mirror I know I feel like
I'm really behind I'm watching like the
second season I watched the first season
ages ago when it first came out I'm
absolutely loving it i watched the
social media one like last week and it
was just awesome and then I watched the
one was it called like Sun something
about that like I don't even know how to
describe it but it's basically about
like the place they're like virtual
reality
for like dying people or ever and that
was amazing and now I'm watching the
fifth episode and I don't quite know
like I'm in love with black Mara how you
don't really know quite what's going on
until about halfway through and their
new styles at Wigan is so so clever so
good I'm watching the fifth episode now
loose matter seeing watch that and then
get into that bed right there and do
some smoothing because that's what I do
best so it's super late right now guys
I'm in bed I just finished my editing
but I really quickly wanted to tell you
guys I've been nominated for another
award I actually can't believe it
because I've won two awards this year
the InStyle one and the Cosmo one and
I've just been nominated for the
shopstyle Award for Best International
influencer it's like a one-click thing
so I feel like I don't want to ask you
guys too much to vote for me all the
time because it gets boring but it isn't
literally one quick and if you have the
chance and the time to click on here and
vote for me it would be awesome if we
could make it three awards this year I
think I would just die but basically
I'll put a link in the info bar below
but this is the website I'm up the best
international influencer there's me a
very good picture of me I don't normally
look this composed yeah if you have a
minute you just go on new literally
click on my photo to vote it's super
super easy so I'm probably gonna leave
it at that and go to sleep now guys
because it is super late and I have to
be up early for beautycon tomorrow I
have to meet ups and a panel tomorrow so
I've got a busy one I'm super tired
to be really honest I wish I could have
a lion but I think I have to get up at
like 6:00 so I'm gonna call it a day
I'll see you tomorrow and I hope you
guys have a great day and there's been a
lot of questions about the whole get
ready for the jingle thing and I've
decided after much deliberation that you
guys need to get ready for the jingle
