good morning guys and welcome to my
first actual day of daily vlogging in
December it's actually December the 1st
today and what is happening but the dogs
are being taken oh alright what you do
in pink princess yeah so noisy mike is
here
good morning long bus vlogging in on you
question first time I think it would
stop barking you guys are wondering why
we have pigs seriously if you guys are
wondering why we have some interesting
carpet going on piglet
turns out does not like the new floor in
the new kitchen so we have bits of old
carpet going all the way around until
she gets over it hoping she's going to
get over it because it's not
particularly a good look this one is
looking at a very tall dark and handsome
today all in black hello lo actually
packed up my stuff and I'm heading to
London with my mom I'm meeting her at
the station and I feel like my eyes are
so red I've got up really really early
this morning we're heading to London for
our annual Christmas shopping day which
I'm really excited about but lots of
other things as well it was meant to be
just Christmas shopping but I've
actually might go for a walk with this
cup of tea she made me cough tea don't
like this on the table delightful I'll
sit and drink my cup of tea but
basically it ended up being the same day
as loads of events so we're heading to
some really fun I don't the lighting in
here is intense this is my first time
filming in here guys seeing I have to
forgive any crazy lighting for like
maybe I should shade my face like this
like looking at the Sun the Lighting's
so bright
if I do this hotter I'm just going to go
and stand over here with no spotlight
above my head yeah basically turn is one
of those days where there's loads of
really cool events and I've asked if I
can take my mom with me so she's coming
with me which I'm really really excited
about she's really funny and it gets
really nervous about these kind of
things so we'll see how we get to it
also going from old check as well guys
super glam just a little bit late this
morning guys surprise
made it out the door just in time and in
case you're wondering is World AIDS Day
for September
yes you are some knowledge some
knowledge you got my red ribbon on and
everything and I'm also wearing Max and
Viva Glam to which I had forgotten how
much I love surgery the perfect nude
perfect nude right there ya got one
question for Mike why are we listening
to hedge hear it and not Christmas tunes
because I'm having a Christmas in my car
that it's not a linear eBay the birds of
December we can officially listed
Christmas June unload early as long as I
possibly can without this news maker I
found on the train I made it just
entirely
you got some crazy reflection look at
this picture mom just economist about
really amazing
turns out someone's got pretty good form
please
we knew we are on for multiple stand
undercover surprises please
maybe god of my eyes on my mother make
bonkers we're having a mole check
when I'm going to webbing up this
morning it's very early though we've
arrived in London and the first stop is
of course
Selfridges look at the whip I'm feeling
so festive and mum also just made a
little bit of a err an announcement to
me that she's never had an admin console
ever I can't believe it
we always bought me advent calendars
never had one and I've got one the first
time ever gave Mom a beauty advent
calendar this year for her first advent
calendar is a beauty one if you need a
chocolate one man I tried to open up
while I'm learning I totally forgot
about it as well it's mental but yeah
let's go and do a little bit of
Christmas shopping and see where we get
I feel like my head is all over the
place today
having thought so at least I don't know
how much we're gonna get but let's do it
looking for things for like the world's
hardest to buy format guys we just made
the best celebrity spot ever in
Selfridges for a mother-daughter mom
spotted her for a mother-daughter
shopping day who could be better to spot
than Jennifer Saunders and Beijing
she looks so cool she look like mama she
she had like but she was like this but
lady and I thought one was like like me
or it's the lady pleasure year
oh my goodness guys don't tell Mike that
they have this himself which is this is
like Mike's dream car he would oh my god
they actually sound like key rings and
stuff oh this would be so mean yes she's
like I have a key ring and be like yes
that's perfect
no I need the three wheeler one is
awesome I know Mike really really really
really really want Sun look at it he
really wants look how pretty these
decorations are guys I love it we are
now on our way to a Victor and Rolf
wrapping event which I'm very excited
about I don't know if we're going to
learn how to rap or do some rapping but
this is giving fun hi I am the biggest
rapping geek in the world
I love rapping so the idea of like a
rapping workshop for me most people hate
it I love it
look at these amazing flowers guys oh my
house for Christmas
Sophie so we're going to wrap up this
beautiful bottle how amazing is that yes
a little the ribbon
rapping obsessive guys learning some new
tricks so we're about to jump in a cab
that the flower bomb doesn't organize
for us I cannot even believe this look
how awesome this is oh my god it's so
cool there's actually flowers everywhere
we have some pink champagne and an ice
bucket look at this is even pink plush
velvet seats this is literally the
coolest cab I've ever been in I feel
very very spoiled right now and we're
going to finish off our Christmas
shopping in style so I've just taken all
of my foundation off if you guys are
wondering where my makeup was gone and
then for my mulch and basically had like
a full-body mole check bark was more
specifically for this one under if you
guys have noticed it we'll be able to
see this little dude here has grown it's
kind of new anyway as well but
apparently he's fine
it is he it's a he not a she doing some
extra texture taken some extra pictures
of it just to make sure but hopefully
it's all good I have about ten minutes
now before I pop in to another event so
I'm coming in and other stories
having a quick look mums now in there
getting her moles check how cozy does
this so guys this is what I want to be
wearing right now so we've just arrived
at the lock see Canavan look at these
beautiful flowers guys it's unbelievable
you can see my shadow but God's so so
beautiful and this is the fragrance
that's coming out next year but it
smells divine
it's like honey and lavenders beautiful
back in my sea of flowers right now such
delightful afternoon tea either of you
had a nice day we haven't done much
Christmas shopping we're heading back to
Selfridges now to have a little look we
do have some goodies but um I feel like
I really needed to do more Christmas
shopping I don't know what I'm gonna do
about what it's like the best day ever
so yeah we're heading back to Selfridges
now and then I've got a couple of
different things to gotee it's evening a
mother to me this is my evening I wish I
could take this home I wish I could
sleep in this mine is my coffin like I
guess if you slept in it seeping and
roses to me baby wake up thinking like
where am I it's so beautiful
literally a bed of roses right now
Penny's I've just got back to the flat
and I'm currently redoing my makeup
because I looked a little bit worse for
wear after my mole check with no
foundation on this is what I look like
right now I think my cameras gone a bit
funny with the lighting technique
because I just making me look very very
pale I don't look that pale in real life
you see what I mean and then when I turn
the camera on my face it makes me look
like a ghost
a literal ghost my eyes are still really
red as well my mom's gone now I'm so sad
I had such a good time with my mom it's
so fun to have her in London and just
have some girly time even though it
ended up being a little bit of a busy
day we were so incredibly lucky to have
that amazing cab a massive thank you to
victim role for that because it was so
fun and also just to be able to
experience that because like I get
treated so much for what I do for my
blog and YouTube everything but I don't
reassure it with my mom all the time so
that was super super awesome I'm now
getting ready to go to the YSL Beauty
Club is the beauty club party which
apparently is going to be amazing I'm
wearing this little sparkly number from
and other stories which I am excited to
wear because it is very very Christmassy
first of December here we go I actually
wore this for my lookbook which we shot
yesterday and I have to say like I'm
kind of glad I wasn't vlogging yesterday
because it was mad but we filmed a
lookbook
like
outside in like I think it was -3
genuinely it was so cold and I was in
that dress and had open toe shoes my was
standing on like the frozen like frosty
grass I think I nearly got frostbite no
joke I was so cold that was yesterday
anyway so I'm going to finish off
getting ready now because I think I need
to leave in probably about 20 minutes so
I'm ready to go out I'm just going to
show you my outfit for tonight my makeup
which again looks really really crazy
and pale um what I'm wearing do your
forever foundation um a by Thierry CLIC
stic lipstick in the click Rouge expert
CLIC stic yeah I always forget the name
hang on ah get out of my bag and won't
get out of my bag anyway it's a dark red
dark pink one even my head is all over
the shop my dress is from and other
stories I'm slightly obsessed with this
dress it is like a shiny disco ball see
if we can get some light on this on this
bad boy like when it captures the light
honestly
oh there we go it's all glitter like
this is like stuck on glitter I love it
and if you guys have seen in the wire
sell Christmas Collection packaging
you'll know that it like basically
matches so I feel like it's perfect for
the white sell party so this is the
dress there we go there we go that's
what I'm talking about oh yeah and then
I have on some jammie Taurasi
heels with the gold front and the suede
back which may be fairly new additions
to my wardrobe don't tell anyone
and then this bag is from Rhys and
actually has a chain in it and I've just
put it tucked it in to use it as a
clutch so it looks like that and I
realize I still didn't have a
full-length mirror but that is the
effect that you're getting from my
outfit can we just take a moment to feel
festive sparkly dresses
we're in a great frame we haven't take
full of lipstick the best thing ever
just go back to flat had such a good
time it was so nice catching up with my
friend Vic actually it's so weird I met
her on the benefit trip to Vegas in
April and ever since then I bump into
her all the time in London she's
Brazilian but she lives and like works
in London but her blog is in Brazilian
so like I can't really understand the
loss of this year she does do stuff in
English as well but she's so lovely it's
so nice to see her I meet her husband
for the first time and I'm so cold I've
just got back and I'm like literally
gonna jump out of my pajamas and order
delivery because I am hungry and every
time I do this delivery stop delivering
so I'm gonna get off my vlogging now and
go and order some food otherwise they
will stop delivering and I'll be hangry
and that is acceptable in the day but if
you go to bed hungry I feel like imagine
how hungry you would be when you woke up
my delivery has arrived but first it's
time to clear some space on my kitchen
work surface because I have no space for
the food I need space for the food so
this is my dinner tonight guys order
some dim sum
I've got prawn dim sum vegetable dim sum
and seafood soup which I just had a
little sip of the spiciest thing ever
my mouth is on fire so the face is off
that's it guys I'm going to bed now
because I'm so so tired I had such a fun
day it's been a manic one I feel like
we've been rushing around whatever so
nice to have my mom with me in London I
will see you guys tomorrow I've got
really early start with filming all day
for some content for the wedding channel
which is going to be up in January which
I'm really excited about so I'm gonna
see my sister yes I can't wait to catch
up we've been texting literally all
night so um yeah see you guys tomorrow
bye
you
