hello guys and welcome to the very first
day number one
oh no long last to master Thomas this
--mess okay Mike
in case you hadn't noticed this isn't my
normal frog format I'm here with Mike
well hello there
sitting down if you guys remember when
we were in vlogs over there were a few
days that we missed and we were talking
about a big secret Oh big such a good
surprise
oh it was such a big secret a lot of you
guys found out I don't know how you
found out your sneaky funny
just even realize how red my fingers as
well from having like the red lips I was
fixing my red lipstick now I have a
weird wet red finger in case a was one
crazy roofie you guys are sneaky a lot
of you guys found out but we can now
tell you because it has happened so I'm
through we've moved house that's just
crazy so I know this will come as a
shock to a lot of you guys because we
have not been in our old house we have
not been in our old house for very long
and anyways I just finished redoing it
pretty much yeah we perfect just
finished getting in bed and then move
out yeah exactly I wanted it so that I
know you guys have a lot of questions
and you want to know like why we moved
and where we moved and all that kind of
stuff but basically um there was a few
different changes in the situation for
us so Mike's work situation changed a
little bit busier basically fish no but
you just need to be you need to be in
like a different area and your work like
the way you were working has changed
quite a lot and also our family
situations have changed a little bit so
it just kind of worked to move and we
didn't realize it was going to happen so
quickly either we also didn't expect
everything to go through as quickly as
it did um right yeah it went a lot
faster and we ended up our house sold
super quickly and to people who wanted
to be done before Christmas so we didn't
intend for us to be moving at this time
of year
hence my like social media boy I have
been non-stop for the last two months
house stuff yeah we've just been trying
to like saw our whole lives out before
me but we're now in our new house and we
are really really excited about it like
you know we were very very sad to leave
our last house it's got a lot of awesome
memories and it's like an amazing place
for us but it just didn't work
to keep it so yeah it just has time yeah
I had such a cry like when we it was how
long as about two days ago when we
handed over the keys we went back to the
last time and like cleaned everything
and made sure that we like haven't
forgotten anything and it was really
really sad to leave but we're both so
excited to be in our new place and we
hope you guys will enjoy the rest of
blog MERS we will be vlogging from a new
house we're not going to be doing like a
house tour anything like that because
it's never really been like our thing to
do that from a kind of privacy point of
view but also um you know we've always
done like renovation kind of tools and
things like that which I think we might
do a couple of here but we'll let you
guys know as in when because obviously
it's Christmas right now we're not gonna
be like doing any of those for health
and stuffy walls out at Christmas and
then we can then basically finish the
house get it done and then move again
right yeah my god no we're not moving
again that seriously um a lot of people
thought we were getting divorced I mean
I've tried really hard so I push out the
door but somehow she can't come home
yeah so we're not getting divorce guys
were happier than ever
Jeff felt like this was the first like
proper house move where we had a lot of
furniture to me yeah it's basically like
we've hoarded when we say we i hoarded
over that mainly you taught it close
this one and make order but I just
wanted my winery thing over the last
kind of 30 odd years of my life shoved
into our old house and so it took quite
a bit of sifting through plus so chain
throwing so many ways but also make the
last house that we lived in we didn't
own we just rent it so we didn't have as
much stuff there is now we have
everything was ours and I just totally
underestimated how difficult it is to
make house yeah I've never moved like
with my parents or anything and it's
just so much kind of sourcing I mean we
had like help
we had like removal people but all they
did was they pat the kitchen and they
helped lift stuff out and put it in
their van and lift stuff back but as far
as the actual packing we have to do we
have a lot of pattern I mean yeah I feel
like don't so organize now though
because we probably like shoot I don't
my office right now I've got like iPhone
plugs
buta plugs I've got like audio USB it
looks amazing
come on oh um but we don't have all go
tell the cat story Quebec hey moving
story ever more desperate
so the cats came last and they basically
I only had one cat box so be we got to
go in the cat box and growler went in
like cardboard box which you stayed in
for almost all the journey and just you
ain't holes it's Amelia I meant also
immediate like a cat box but in so for
the towel in everything to make a field
cone they were not happy howling pushing
around the hallway somehow in the last
little section as I pull into the drive
the growler got out so I was like right
I'll let V be out I'll pick them both up
and I'll take them in as I let be around
she said have climbed up was meow am I
mad she then climbed on the dash and
just look really weird and the only
night before I keep doing cat I've been
opened the door to then the light to
come on to seek a all over the dash
I was like right thankfully was a van my
car dude all over the goddamn - wall so
it was allowed in the house just thrown
up vertically in rap like a rugby ball
but yeah and and the to add insult to
injury I had rung further and said can
you please open the door for me as I'm
bringing in the cats at which point I
went to open the door to cats in hand
no but the cat's about you adjusted
really well the captain our best lover
um and the dogs love it
except for piglet piglet it's so special
we have because it's all wooden floor
sound says we have like scraps of old
carpet all the way along with downstairs
so that piglet can like hop from island
to island and she's just she really
she's getting better in time but it's
just it's er it's a slow progress so it
should be fine really nothin y'all you
go I'll say as you get nervous in that
panic suddenly she's much better she was
also does a funny story last night
because Mike has this little fireplace
and he wanted to get up and running
instead of waiting till next week when
the chimney sweep is coming yeah see bye
bye Becky because it's quite is quite
short chimney so I've bought this thing
called like a wild cat
chimney I think it's called top which
apparently helped us it's like it's
German it's crazy okay
it must work and it does mean no voice
now but it basically helps the loan
throw after what every basically I
detach that I'd waited two days all the
silicon to dry so the run when I like to
fire lit the fire smoke like mad okay
literally federal all well really it was
like it was like a freaking house fire
so put out the fire oh dear not good had
to in fact the dogs out the room came to
this morning and thought you know what
I'm just gonna have a quick sweep up in
the mess I was assuming up the mess I
just started to look at the chimney to
see what whether there is a blockage up
there looks up when ah if you remove the
board like so chimney boarded up coming
down I can basically lit a fire in the
house without a chimney so then as soon
as I remove that litter this morning hey
presto good chap we're also missing a
bar stool that has gone near in between
us moving it's just like disappeared we
can't find it anywhere
you're the own house is not in the van
and they've not see me have a ghost bar
stool the ghost fast all it go stood on
us or is it possible Christmas past it
could be the bar stool the book sounds
like the bastard of Christmas past
okay but yeah this is going to be it for
vlogmas day one guys if you guys are
wondering where like the daily vlog will
be when the daily vlogs will be coming
there's another reason why I'm doing a
couple of static videos with Mike
because I'm actually going to Tanzania
with comic relief next week so you guys
are going to be seeing me but I am
leaving you behind them so any better
I'm doing six days there and I'm going
to do three vlogs from the trip so that
you guys don't get like every single day
and in Tanzania if that makes sense I
also don't think I may be able to upload
every day so what I'm doing is like
placing these videos in between so
before you guys complain about static
videos I know you guys hate missing out
on daily vlogs
they are coming don't worry I'm just
trying Driss little happen I'm just
trying to make sure that you guys don't
um that you guys understand like wire
sonic slate that's why um rubbish that's
why it's just lame just not a good
blogger oh do I find the new houses
that's not it's great you just don't
know how to use it properly see you
tomorrow guys all right goodbye
