morning Piggy's just so excited because
it's Halloween happy Halloween
where are your outfits guys where's
Frank and doggie in the rocket dog Oh
oh look at them ready to go get your GPS
on go go go
piglet is protesting and has laid down
you monkey on the walk because Doodlebug
is here you've got the lead haven't you
Lulu and she doesn't want to walk with
Lulu holding the lead I don't think
we're gonna say to piggy hey come on
come on piggy she's not impressed come
on Pig this is probably my favorite time
of year because of those leaves look at
the tree so amazing so I'm now sitting
here with a nice cup of peppermint tea
and I'm editing vlogs and I want to say
I'm sorry vlog Toba has been so all over
the shop guys and I've missed so many
days this month it's just been a really
busy month like you guys will will know
if you've watched them all we've had
some kind of personal stuff going on as
well as having a bad back so I've kind
of missed a few days over the month so I
hope you guys don't mind I will be doing
vlogmas and i promise you guys i'll be
much better during vlog mr. blob
vlogging every day and also vlogging on
time as long as nothing goes wrong like
this month so it should be all good and
yeah anyway so that's what I'm doing now
I'm catching up on many days of unedited
walks so I've just finished off my
mornings work and I am getting ready to
go into town just bang because I have a
check to paying for the tax man always
delightful and I'm feeling so excited
today because I just dug this jacket out
of my wardrobe
it's Burberry trench coat she got given
I think probably five years are going
out from Burberry and I have not worn it
in years the cat
we decided it wanted to make it a
scratching Pole and if you guys can see
some of the pulls on there around the
time that I first got it and I got so
upset I put it back in back and I put it
my wardrobe and I just couldn't even
look at it for years and I've just
rediscovered it and I used to think it
was also a little bit too long for me at
the time because it's like a full-length
trench coat and I just put it on and I
absolutely love it it's just beautiful
it's like a topi silk trench coat so I
feel like I've been properly shopping my
wardrobe anyway I'll show you guys a bit
more of my outfit lasiks I'm running I'm
not late but I need to leave now because
it will get a train to London as well so
yeah I'm just I'm excited about today
it's a good Monday so far shopping my
own wardrobe so I've just got London I'm
actually here for an event I hope you
nichols tonight straight there and then
i'm going for dinner with my friend ali
who just started working at nasa so
if we get to catch up parent leader an
agent we're going for sushi and actually
going to Zuma and I've had so many
amazing things about luma and I've never
been I'm super excited I'm gonna go and
check out the narcissus collection and
eat sushi felt like the perfect Monday
afternoon
checking out the new Sara moon
collection take note guys there's going
to be a major giveaway at the end of
November of this just take a little look
obsessed with this we just eaten all the
edamame but we also ordered this which
is the Zoomer
popcorn apparently it's like sweet corn
tempura it looks good just getting the
rest of our food also just arrived we
have the rock shrimp tempura and some
sushi I've just got back to the flat and
it had such a good evening actually Zuma
was really delicious like I said before
I'd never been there before and you guys
know I freaking love sushi so it was
good it was good the ambience is really
nice in there as well it's quite buzzy
especially from them day night it was
like really busy but I thought before I
take my shoes off and get changed I
wanted to show you guys what I'm wearing
today and my awkward mirror as per usual
so oh I have on my little her most Willy
it's the first time I've worn it as a
necklace slash neck scarf then I have on
ASOS black t-shirt my standards are
jeans which need throwing away because
they are literally thread better on the
inside of the knees when I walk they're
like knock each other and then I have my
All Saints boots on which I am dying to
sneak off I'm actually gonna take them
off now because my feet hurt so much
wearing them all afternoon taking these
off and then my coat which I was talking
about earlier I will also show you give
me a second
so this is the silk Mac that I was
talking about that I thought for years
was too long it just didn't really love
it I'm all of a sudden like really
really in love with this that's what
I've been wearing today I also may have
done a little bit of damage in space and
K like I'm actually not going to show
you what I bought because I think I want
to do a whole video because I got some
really exciting stuff and my friend
Allie
painting me a picture which is wrapped
up in here I'm gonna show you guys I'm
gonna do a little bit of an unwrapping
just unwrap this and I haven't looked at
it I've left it upside down because I
wanted to do a big reveal like on my
vlog basically kind of a funny story
like we went to an art I mean what is it
like an art fair together a few months
ago and that's actually where I bought
these pictures and also this painting
which a lot of people ask about this
painting is by an artist called Kirsten
Jackson who was recommended to me by
Allie and we went to this Art Fair
together I ended up buying these
paintings anyway so at the time she was
talking about potentially like doing her
own paintings and how inspired she was
by this art fairs and she started
painting and she posted a picture of one
of her paintings on her Instagram
recently and I commented on being like
oh my god this is so good
and she painted me one this weekend so
I'm super excited about this
I know it's flowers because she's told
me already yeah look how cool this is
guys isn't she good I think she's really
good I don't know where I'm gonna put
this but I'm loving it
it's so nice okay so for the time being
it's gonna live here by my sink but I
think I can find a better home for it
how cute is that I love it it's such a
nice color as well I love this like
cornflower blue so I passed out like how
fast no I love by I'm so lame I
literally got home sat down on my bed
and was like but yeah I just wanted to
finish off this vlog here and say big
thank you to you guys for watching vlog
Toba like I said earlier in this video
I'm really sorry it was a little bit
disjointed but I hope you enjoyed it
anyway it's been really fun sharing my
month with you all and I will be doing
vlogmas for sure I wouldn't miss
lockness it's like my favorite time of
year
however I also do have I probably will
have some news to share with you all on
a personal level some point in November
as well so you'll definitely be seeing a
couple of vlogs during November
well obviously these will be uploaded
during November because it's now
November the first as I'm filming this
but yeah you will be seeing a little bit
of me in November so keep your eyes
peeled there's some exciting things
coming and yeah daily vlogging will
recommence on December the 1st I hope
you guys will have an amazing day and
I'll see you very soon bye
