so I'm currently running mark at 8 a.m.
on a Sunday I have a face mask on that's
just one of the colbert md face masks
piglets yapping at me so it's Sunday
today and I'm up really early because
the clocks have gone back so it's
actually nine o'clock like I slip to my
watch as I get to 9 it's 8 and 7 I don't
even know what time is it's actually 8
o'clock like legit time but it feels
like 9 and this one is not happy because
Mike last yeah we saw that Mike's gone
for his Sunday run and because our
friend Dodge is staying she's taken both
spaniels and left just piglet and she's
very very upset about it that she has to
stay with me girly pamper time basically
okay
the reason why I'm running a bath I
don't know where in the morning is that
my back has been out again I didn't vlog
yesterday because I basically spent the
whole day like in pain on sofa so I'm
having a bath this morning to try and
kind of ease it up before the start of
the day because I rolled over this
morning you know when you have that
moment anyone that's ever hurt their
back will know you roll over you're like
oh so I'm having a bar and put a face
mask on because these just arrived in
new pack from the lovely girls at
Colbert empty and they're like my
favorite so so why not I'm having a bath
in the morning why not her face mask as
well and piglet is not entirely sure
what I've got on my face are you Pig Oh
grumpy are you grumpy
yeah you grumpy so today I'm in the
process of packing up all of the stuff
that I'm going to be selling on my depop
piglet is not helping me she's being a
big hindrance who's still not over the
fact that the boys have left and take
another dogs with them yeah an update on
the deepak thing I think the shops gonna
go live on Wednesday I'm really excited
about it but she like got so much stuff
to sell I've been taking all the
pictures I took all of the accessory
pictures which these were like all the
shoes yesterday and it was actually
that's how I did my back in again
because we're like halfway through
taking the pictures first thing in the
morning and I bent over to undo a buckle
on my shoe and we're like so we
literally spent the next hour and a half
taking the rest of the pictures what are
you doing with like Mike like lifting me
up and doing all the buckles at home
wear shoes it was a bit of a pain in the
ass but anyway I'm packing these up and
then later today we're doing all of the
outfit pictures so yeah it's quite a
long winded process but I'm really
excited because hopefully were going to
make lots of money for charity and yeah
I just like ever since I was a little
kid I've always been into like selling
stuff and I'd like I don't know why I
just really like it so I'm getting
really organized and putting all the
shoes in like little individual plastic
bags and everything the ones that have
boxes and blah blah blah piglets being a
stalker Sunday breakfast courtesy of MDF
a little someone is trying to sneak some
sausage under their vehicle like what so
Mike and I have just taken all of the
pictures it's a lot of pictures and I'm
packing everything up I got my pile of
clothes here ready to go and two whole
boxes so this box is for the clutters
and then I just packed up all of the
shoes and handbags in there is quite a
lot of stuff so like two hours later I
finished boxing bagging tagging photo
editing everything and my depop shop is
ready
almost I've just sent all of the
pictures over because the depop team are
helping me to actually like run
everything and posting out and here are
some of the pictures if you guys are
interested in checking it out there's a
lot of stuff on that so I'm in the van
with dogs waiting for Mike who's gonna
be driving we borrowed a van of my dad
cuz we're moving Mike's motorbike over
to his parents house and in case you
haven't won cash you're wondering why I
was such a red nose
I was just itching my nose like this
that's a really good look you should
show everyone that so I did Joe's like
didn't think I would show that but it's
a good nose scratching technique guys
take cabs anyone else have any
interesting no scratching techniques
she's showing that one come on Mike
hurry up we're hungry
then we're going to the pub where we
actually went last Sunday in my vlog and
I told Dodge about the pie and then we
told him that it also frequently runs
out so hoping oh my god they have the
best pie maybe had it last time but
Livi's one was a bit skinny normally
it's like like about fat it's normally
pretty amazing some kind I'm really
excited for you to try it I don't know
what I'm gonna have Mike just trot in
dog poo hence he's a little bit slow
hello how is your uh how's your first I
seldom and dummy guys know someone
managed to secure a sneaky pie the best
pie in the world small portion yep
slight food MB going on here
I'm just heating up some pork lentil and
kale soup for dinner that Mike bought
the other day
ready-made Waitrose number but just a
little bit of dinners Mike we had pretty
big lunch at the pub I'm also having a
couple of these salted nuts which I have
to say I wasn't very impressed when Mike
bought these because they have pecans in
them and pecans are normally sweet bash
he's a pretty good salted I have to say
the hazelnuts definitely let the side
down
something about salted hazelnuts they're
just better off in the form of Nutella
for me hazelnuts like hazelnuts and
chocolate is great salty hazelnuts
not so much
bit of a random one guys but I use these
for the first time last night and they
are honestly the best face wipes I've
tried in ages they're the Garnier
micellar oil infused cleansing wipes and
I don't normally like oily micellar
water but these are amazing I'm actually
gonna try i got a certain in my cellar
water as well as these I'm gonna try the
micellar water now which I automatically
kind of just discounted because I don't
usually like oil makeup remover but the
wipes are so good so I've just given
myself a proper little Sunday night
facial and I want to show you guys what
I use this evening like I just said I
use these oil micellar wipes to take off
my makeup then I used this cleanser
which is called benefit clean by
cosmetics which actually I haven't used
this too much so it's got recommended to
me by my facialist friend Marie I do
like it but I haven't used it enough to
have like a proper opinion on it then I
use one of these which tarty got me into
actually they're called relaxing lift
face masks they are freaking amazing
they come in these individual sachets
and you like jiggle them about for like
30 seconds to like activate them and
then you put them on your face they
honestly just like tighten brighten just
make everything look and feel amazing
and then I've also used this which is
the Kiehl's nightly refining micro peel
concentrate it's a really nice kind of
overnight peel treatments which helps
light resurface and just leaving you
with kind of like a nice glowing skin in
the morning I've used this a few times
before I really like actually and then I
haven't used this yet when I'm about to
pop it on this is the temple spa I
truffle eye cream which I've been using
for the past few weeks and really liking
there's my little Sunday night routine I
didn't finish my blog because I'm a
terrible person and I fell asleep whilst
researching my Christmas gift guides
which you guys might be happy to hear
about I don't know do you like Christmas
gift guides I'm not looking for
breakfast
the fridge is looking at rather
dilapidated pot unless you want to drink
beer for breakfast then you're fine this
one a couple
where's the other rack oh yeah
- egg it's gonna be it for today guys
buy from me and Mike bad vlogger goodbye
