good morning guys so it's currently 8
o'clock I've been up since 6:00 um I've
been getting ready I have a shoot today
with Liz L which I'm really excited
about but I went to bed a little bit
late last night I got to bed about half
past one so we didn't have much sleep um
yeah I'm feeling a little bit groggy to
be honest had a few Prosecco days when
we're out playing darts and I'm not
gonna lie it darts is so much fun it's
like such an uncool game but it's
actually really really fun I've just
done my hair and makeup they do have
hair makeup at this shoot I always go
like ready for anything because
sometimes you never know you get there
and it's like oh you just have touch-up
or whatever so um yeah I'm really tired
I need a coffee ASAP I haven't eaten
anything either and I'm so hungry but
here we go
it's Friday on a plus side and also my
friend Susie from Hello October is going
to be shooting out haven't seen her in
ages so I'm excited about that and I'm
hoping that they put in like the same
room for prep and stuff so that we can
catch up and not split us up entirely
because that would suck so I've been
shooting all morning I've just got my
lunch red Thai curry
found this one who's over here today
having a little you're really hot focus
there she is like total having a little
bit of am
catch up over lunch and yeah I'm going
to show you around this amazing house
and I want to move do you think notes if
I stay probably I mean I just haven't
been keeping up okay Wien seriously
gonna do a house tour of on you house I
think we should share it to be honest
this is the outside quite likely some
stained glass windows good good choice
nurses nice installation I think it
could do with some reward all this that
I mean that falling off but we didn't do
a very good job at painting routers I
think it why I mean you know yeah we can
we can make a list of things I tell my
mom this is this is the hallway look how
amazing this is guys this is mirror like
my mirror in my flat love it obviously
there's the internet code if anyone
needs it when they come to visit me cool
picture of a camera and then you walk in
and then this is the living room
I mean this is this is this is my setup
for filming now um this is where we've
just been taking some footage here with
the little blue background got crazy
monitor it's a little bit of a mess in
here isn't it it made a mess and then
down this amazing corridor this is my
favorite corridor there's somebody in
the loo I think how did you not go in
here's the move down to a salute when
there's a shower in it yeah hi surfing
ah the gardens out there you guys want
to see pretty pokey but you know and
then um yeah yeah is there a basement
no just the kitchen this is the other
living room in case you need more stuff
and we've got this is just all of the
all my Christmas decorations no this is
the prop the prop room so basically
every shot that we've been doing today
the girl who's in charge of props jumps
in the background and like puts pretty
things like these rocks in and I and a
ton of pillows and I really I really
love this sofa so much but look at the
floors in here they're amazing and then
down here is where everyone is eating
lunch so we're just going to show you a
little bit of a quick one
this kitchen yeah can I know there's
lots of people lots of men who are like
what are you doing we call these keys as
well so cool I actually really genuinely
like joking aside want to move into this
house it's so cool it's so neat
I love keys I really love keys we're in
where are we stressing thinks I am yeah
then this is the first bedroom double
blogging blog ception Sophie ran away
this is bedroom one very beautiful we're
shooting in here earlier someone
stripped off the jumper and then it's
just so white I love the floorboards
everywhere they're so nice there's a
bathroom beautiful I feel like this is
gonna be a long house tour it's actually
really big house there's a loo awesome
it's a massive cross on the wall and
then we've got another bedroom that I
was shooting something else and I think
this is my favorite because it has these
awesome panels and everything is like
white and grey look how amazing this
house is well I could crossing parts you
go in there now then this is another
bedroom this is not my favorite one
that's got light look this is the master
bedroom
I haven't filmed in here today Suzie's
been filming in here look at it it's
amazing and look at this bathroom so
cool so so cool love it everything is
what I feel like it's all looks the same
so everything is white I love this is
another bathroom in here amazing again I
just want to move in it's just amazing
and then they've got kids rooms up here
as well Lulu would love this look how
cute this is
guys little twins
you are following me and then there's a
little like boys room with red oh my god
it's cute
and then they've got this secret like
teenager Dan up here which actually has
a weird little bathroom as well look how
cool this bathroom is I was a bedroom I
thought was a bathroom and there's just
a bath in the bedroom oh my god this
would be my bedroom I love it I didn't
actually realize so so cool and then
there's a toilet next door so cool look
at that and I feel like could the
neighbors watch you two away if you're a
boy mmm if you at all might be and then
this is like the den has all sorts of
random stuff in here it's like a little
kitchen some beds some sofas and Sue's
have you been up here yet you get out of
the bathtub I've got something better
for you to sit in look at this guy's
I was sitting in here earlier it's so
fun it's kind of I don't even know like
what kind of chair this is but it
reminds me of like dr. evil wait hang on
it what why is it oh my god why is the
light still on no one's been up here for
ages I was filming in here this morning
oh my god spinning like a crazy person
isn't it cool get in have a go what oh
my god is it it's not great on a
hangover that's for sure oh my god try
it it's fun jump in I might turn this
off because I was definitely a waste of
electricity look and then I'll spin you
around lit you ready
she's eating lunch I'll just do a little
spin hahaha so fun I'm gonna turn this
light off because I pretty sure it's not
a she I don't know how to turn it was it
looked into the table and what I mean
there's that one yeah there we go
I was like I don't want to get told off
operating the light oh my god they have
one of these
what are these even called I haven't
played one since I was like table puck
something hockey table hockey hockey
parts
we're both there so fun and yeah because
the air comes out through here oh yeah I
can't remember but they're really fun
anyway what is that
so some kind of instrument or is it
always a propeller this is full of
interesting things and look at this mini
arcade game so cool
I want to move it this is the best house
ever this is like nice yeah a moving
house guys into this house no actually
joking like moving in guys I found the
warmest room in the house and I am
setting up camp to edit my video over
lunch that has to go out this afternoon
so fingers crossed I have like well 20
minutes whatever thing to do hopefully I
can get it finished in time though I'm
now home and I'm looking very shiny and
red cuz I have got no makeup on after my
shoot with Liz l I've got this one being
a hooligan with the world's stinkiest
dog breath yes officially oh the doggy
toothbrushes it's time piglet it's time
I'm gonna brush the dog's teeth now look
at her she's like that's my one that's
your one which collar EU piglet piglet
Orange yours is the orange one my little
love look at this dog she's actually
ridiculous she's lying like a baby oh
hello are you ready for a toothbrush you
hate it I don't know why are you
sniffing around that hey guys well
stinky I'm gonna brush their teeth now
chilling on the sofa it was such a long
that was actually really fun shoot um
and it was really good to stop licking
me stop it guys and it was stop it stop
no no and it was really fun to catch up
with Susie as well cuz I haven't seen
her in a while and yeah I'm excited to
see the content as well because it was
chilled and fun and I gotta go cuz these
dogs are being a pain in the ass I'll
see you guys tomorrow
good bye screech say bye
