morning guys I'm heading to London day
today Brad you DeLillo earlier so I'm up
early and doing my makeup and I wanted
to show you guys my new mirror that my
mum picked up for me last night actually
needs a little bit of TLC but I'm
absolutely loving it see Mike in the
reflection it goes so well with my
dressing-table the TV is not staying
there forever either that is temporary
so it will one day go in the middle
you're right Mike hanging out it will
one day go in the middle and I just
think it looks perfect I've been looking
for one for ages and I found it although
I have to say because it's old glass I
think it's not the clearest for seeing
in and for makeup and stuff so I might
still use my little mirror for makeup
but yeh no I think it's actually like I
think it's like behind the glass cause
it's old yeah I'm happy with it anyway
I'm grabbing an apple for breakfast well
actually I didn't realize I had this hmm
which also goes off was that today or
tomorrow I might eat some mango I'm
making myself a coffee and my favorite
little coffee mug I actually have a
whole set of these which I got for
Christmas like maybe three years ago and
I love them so much they're my favorites
they're from royal Worcester and my mom
picked them up in antiques auction can
you see a pattern there when I didn't
realize she was gonna buy them and then
she surprised me with them for Christmas
and I loved them you guys might have
seen them actually they've been in a lot
of like instagrams and on my book but ya
can make myself become me
I've arrived in London I just realized I
left the heating on and the lights on in
flats ultimate fail I'm now a waiter
meeting before going to take some
pictures for an Instagram I'm doing with
Lancome this week super excited about
that I'll show you guys what it is off
they're basically launching a this isn't
sponsored by the way they're sponsoring
an Instagram post but I'm really excited
about this palette is the exact audacity
in London you might remember the
audacity in Paris palette from last year
that Lisa Eldridge designed if I can
open this with one hand no I can't hang
on okay
two hands required here's a little sneak
peek guys so pretty I love all these
colors as well because I've got slightly
greeny eyes these kind of colors look
awesome and there's a little
double-ended brush as well which is
actually really good because it comes
with like a proper blending brush so I'm
taking that with me and hope you're
gonna get some good shots of it in and
around London and then I'm going to see
my sister and spike too excited it's
such a nice day in London guys look at
that blue sky I am on my way to Dean
sweet townhouse which is just up in here
for a meeting
look at these pretty flowers as well so
nice the railings of dreams I'm now in
nothing Hill on my way to see my sister
and the kiddos apparently they have
found a shop and want everything which
this is like hurry up they can buy
everything and I think we might also be
going on the hunt for ice cream Thursday
afternoon ice cream is always good in my
book so we're now in an uber Hannah is
here we've been playing around with the
kids all afternoon
I just cooked them dinner because I'm
such a good auntie like that I've known
my way to drinks with the style team and
some of the James grant management guys
as well and have a few drinks we're
going to flight club which is in like
Central East London way and I really
like it I could get paid arts and I'm
secretly really compelled not very
secretly really competitive
so yeah that's what's happening this
evening it's taking a while to get bags
it's quite far away look up with fairy
lights on Hanna's recommendations now
you are guys wait no Christmas is really
coming when you see the Coke advert true
story
so we just go back to the floods about
half past one right now and I have to be
in a car camera ready at 8:00 a.m.
tomorrow because I have a shoot which I
want to take you guys along too but I
have what is that I have to wake up at
6:30 it's now 135 hours sleep - guys I'm
gonna go to bed now I had such a fun day
though I feel like it's been quite brief
today but I hope you guys have enjoyed
it so nice to spend a bit of time with
my sister's today as she and the kids in
London because I never get to see them
in London like we usually either at my
parents or my sister's place it was just
so nice to hang out with them and spend
some time with Spike as well on his
half-term because he's just so excited
and it's funny like how time goes past
so quickly as you get older I genuinely
remember the day he was born and it
feels like yesterday and he's now so
grown up and so funny and mature and
just sharp and yeah anyway love him a
lot I'm gonna take my makeup off now go
to bed I'll see you guys in the morning
I hope you've all had an amazing day I
can't actually believe it's nearly the
end of October this months has gone so
quickly this whole year has gone so
quickly as well it's just absolutely
mind-blowing but I'll see you guys in
the morning
No
