I tied up in a bun last night
and I just undid it and brushed it and
it was just gone whew I need to style
this I just on my makeup and got ready I
am filming today so I'm going to pick up
Polly that helps me film I'm a little
bit late so I'm gonna have to get like
this and slightly want to get back
Treecko what are you doing up here
I think you're missing out on breakfast
my love come on come on let's go come on
so obedient I think this is a little bit
better guys would you straighten my hair
finally and I'm about to sit down to
fill my monthly favourites videos um
squidge which is escaping me you naughty
little weasel so I've just finished
filming my three videos and I probably
have my Korean my macaroon but I'm on my
way to pick up my mum because we're
actually going to an antique auction
this afternoon just to have a look at
the antique sale that starts tomorrow so
let's see if we can find any gems and I
thought we have fun thing to take you
guys along too because I love antiques
hunting my mum's amazing at it so we'll
see what we can find at the sale I don't
know if it's the most amazing one
doesn't have that much furniture it's
got a lot of jewelry and stuff but I do
not need any more jewelry in my life as
tempting as it is so when having a look
at paintings and furniture and see what
we find
usually you can find some bargains which
is good look at this guy's I really love
this picture it's actually made of wool
how cool is that
oh my goodness guys it's so delicious
my special mints of sweet potatoes leeks
mushrooms I'm gonna eat all of it
immediately holy Sh as bulls guys the
walking dead is happening I can't waited
so long piglet who do you think is gonna
die who's gonna die she's like I really
don't care I just want a bite of that
cheese can't you go in that box there so
Mike and I are not sure we can quite
handle the brutality that just was the
walking dead oh my god that was brutal
that was brutal
I'm not also like not I don't know like
I knew people were gonna die but didn't
see that one coming
yeah worth waiting for yes and no I wish
they'd have made it a double episode
soon cuz now I feel like that's so much
more to see I'm gonna go have another
bath for my back which actually is
feeling a bit better today that's good
thank you how's your bag my groin on the
other hand though not rude that's an you
know an actual groin issue from work
what does make sense a growing issue
so guys I'm continuing this vlog today
because I just got my camera back my mom
just came a dropped off cuz I left it in
her car last night
I am ready undressed in my first outfit
for my autumn lookbook which we are
filming today which will probably be up
when this vlog goes up so if it is go
check it out taking the stairs good
morning rascal
guys I'm waiting for the scarf to come
up and already won the mirror and some
suitcases very exciting are you ready oh
we don't want this how cool is that
though that's actually really cool it's
like an ostrich fan says Florrie on it
as well close here we go guys and
getting ready my fingers on the trigger
Oh
didn't mean to do that 90 okay maybe so
yeah that's really too much Oh 150 how
much is it gonna go for it's really nice
isn't it that's nervous no response from
Hannah she's like no was that 160 sold
that's pretty good so we're now on look
four or five for the lookbook and we're
shooting against this cool wool which is
at my parents house we've come here
because they've got lots of like creepy
stuff around so we've been shooting
against like crumbly walls and a lot of
amazing leaves as well is very autumnal
here we're ready to shoot the final look
of the day and this one is coming weird
tell my piggy she's taking my GPS off so
she better not run away GPS doesn't look
good for the lookbook does it Pig update
you guys I've managed to buy this little
chair which I wrote wanted 65 pounds but
also managed to get this little chest
which was 130 actually looks much nice
in real life I went and saw it yesterday
it's really nice and oh it's gone and I
also got the painting 450 pounds
oh I show up oh no hang on
here we go this is my wall painting yay
I'm so excited
fifty pounds as well it was estimated to
be eighty two hundred twenty hey
everyone's home for dinner we're having
a massive family feast in here a little
bit excessive for Tuesday night all
right
might just been for a run yeah boy and
now he's indicating all good things done
by drinking beer
