feeding time at the zoo I just made a
part of my coffee from Toby's estate I
got in New York got some of Jack's
special eggs muffins so that bacon very
much bacon there is each one piece each
I definitely wanted at least five that
is unacceptable
squinch it piglets poses like lady of
the manor so we're taking the dogs on a
mega Sunday what we're walking over to
my mom's house for Sunday lunch
it's like cat's cradle with dog leads
right now because we never normally walk
them on the road we made it we made it
apparently so but you have actually mum
it does look good
it's definitely not pink
it's that apple pie oh my god that puts
mine to shame that I've been making
green mum's had like 500 years
experience say so who else we got
Yorkshire Oh
roosters take your wine out so Jesus is
that sweet potato Oh Mike just came home
from dropping Gareth off from the
station with this delicious selection of
macaroons may have eaten this one and
I'm making myself a nice cup of steamed
camera of strawberry and vanilla tea
which sounds gross is actually really
really good
it is this one it's from clipper which
is like my favorite tea brand skinny
vanilla so good and Gareth is texting me
saying he's in bed ready to watch The X
Factor and just like that I realized it
is now eight o'clock I didn't actually
see the actual show yesterday because we
were having done it in the pub but I am
willing to watch the results and not
watch the show and just get the clips
because I haven't caught with x-factor
this year I feel like I've been so into
it in previous years but this year is
just I don't know I didn't even think
that it would be on you know what I mean
it doesn't really feel like x-factor
time of year yet the feel like wintery
yet so let's do this let's have a little
look see who's good so I'm not gonna lie
I'm not my into X Factor this year is it
just me I don't know I'm not that into
any of the contestants maybe I need to
give it another go next week and see I
am in a lot of pain right now guys I
hurt my back this afternoon I picked up
treacle kind of stupidly cuz she's quite
a heavy dog but she wouldn't go into the
room of my mum's house when we finished
walking them over to my mum's we put
them in like the dog room like the room
where the dogs sleep and she wouldn't go
in so I picked her up and carried her in
and I must have twisted my back funny
and I have like a an old injury in my
lower back which was a trap nerve I got
when I was about 17 and I get it
probably once a year once every 18
months it kind of comes back and oh my
goodness so bad right now I've got one
of those like really unattractive heat
pads that you stick on your back that
looks like a sanitary towel on I've
taken over profound a paracetamol and
every time I basically move I'm in so
much pain so I'm just like lying here on
the sofa which is not good and it's a
freaking Sunday night as well so I've
got a really busy week ahead of me and
I'm just hoping that it goes away
overnight and isn't like a serious issue
this week because usually it does go
away like off for a few days but I'm
shooting like three videos tomorrow and
then another one on Tuesday and I just
don't want to be in pain for the next
few days so we'll see I'm gonna have a
really hot bath now and try and like
chill out my back a little bit because I
feel like it needs it so I've just had a
bath and giving myself a little bit of
facial and I'm now making some sleepy
time tea
this actually is camera Maya but it has
like lemongrass in it and I don't
normally like caramel and lemon tea but
this one is quite nice and so when I
have some of that just gave myself a bit
of facial and I'm super happy that my
back is feeling a little bit better I
had a V hottest bath in the world like I
looked nearly passed out it was hot and
yeah my back is feeling a little bit
about that which is good hope it'll
better tomorrow fingers crossed
are you sleeping on my foot little one
are you snuggling on my feet you little
monkey
you say my night everybody say
night-night I think you guys are gonna
have to go downstairs in a minute night
little one yeah so cute
