hey guys and welcome to my Saturday so I
actually missed yesterday vlogging
because I wasn't very well you guys
might remember that I wasn't feeling
very well the day before yesterday and
then yesterday I just felt really under
the weather and to be honest we weren't
really oh that's the phone we weren't
really doing that much and I I felt
really like under the weather in the
morning and then in the afternoon I got
the worst stomach ache I've ever had I
was literally bent over double lying on
my back lying on my front it's just the
weirdest like mid stomach like in my
intestines it felt like it was just
horrible and that my tummy still feels a
little bit sensitive today and I just
yeah I just did not feel like vlogging
to be quite honest so today is Saturday
my expecially know I heard moment he's
gone to play golf with Jack but I am
going to tackle my wardrobes I am
starting off from having basically a bit
of a background story few guys I've been
talking to D pop for a few months now
about potentially doing a project with
them and if I don't do it with them I'm
hoping that it will still happen either
if it's through eBay or vest yeah
probably not vest yet because I don't
have that much designer stuff to sell
but basically I'm talking about
selling a lot of my old clothes that I
don't want anymore for charity because I
wanted to have a big clear up for ages
now and I just feel like that would be a
good thing to do rather than just send
them to a charity shop I feel like a lot
of the time with charity shops they end
up kind of sitting in bags or like a lot
of people maybe don't know what they are
or that it's just like the wrong kind of
market so I thought it'd be fun to get
you guys involved so there's a lot of
stuff that I probably don't wear that
much anymore but I think you guys might
like so that might be happening in the
next few months that's not what this
video is about this is about the big
clear-out so yeah that might be
happening so I'm having a huge clear out
of all my wardrobes I'm starting today
I'm starting with shoes I'm actually so
I'm like really ashamed to show you guys
in these wardrobes because like there is
like a mass this is my boot covered like
this is too many boots for one person we
need to sort this out bad news so that's
what I'm gonna be doing today we'll try
and update you guys as I go but it might
be a bit of a spoiler situation but it
is actually a really beautiful day as
well at the moment it's like doing that
weird thing where it's like beautiful
sunshine like you guys can see this
crazy Sun coming in right but it's
raining
it's like blue skies and raining there
must be like a cloud above the house I
can't see and it's like raining possibly
about very strange
so anyway I'm gonna stop talking now and
avoiding clearing out of my wardrobe and
let's do this oh and on another note I'm
not gonna stop talking and avoiding
later have a water I was good until my
weirdly fluffy hair I think my hair got
really naughty and then I left it for
ages and then brushed it now it's gone
like a flute ball not good so I haven't
completely finished yet but I'm so happy
with this guy's I've had a clear out of
all my heels are down here and I have a
few spaces at top I actually have a few
pairs left in London so that's for those
it doesn't seem like that many I think
there might be some more heels lurking
around in my other room I think
and then the boots are in here so I have
like long boots they're meant to be
heeled boots but flat there wasn't
enough space for flat boots it's like
little ankle boots there and there and
then I have my pile of things to sell
online on the floor and then in here I
have my jackets which I'm going to go
through next actually and see if there's
anything that I might want to sell for
charity out of those got my trainers at
the bottom and then flats in here with
some little kind of half flat half heels
espadrilles obsessed and then my sandals
are up there and then there's a few
extra things at the top says like my is
a bomber our trainers are my Vivienne
Westwood pirate boots
I don't wear either of these that's why
they're at the top but I'm undecided
about whether I might want to sell them
or I might want to keep them especially
Vivienne Westwood boots because I feel
like they're kind of an iconic style
like I don't wear them anymore but I
feel like maybe one day if I have a
daughter it's like a cool thing to pass
on to her because it's like quite an
iconic thing I also have a little bit of
sentimental attachment to them because I
they were like my first kind of
expensive pair of shoes that I bought
for myself when I started working so
yeah but it's looking a lot better a lot
tidy I also have my sunglasses organized
so I have these little sunglass shelves
and then I have all the like sunglasses
cases behind them so a lot of like
actual like display organizing but this
is like the amount of stuff so I need to
go in and like
do things like tuck in this random
string but yeah that is what is going on
and then I have like I said my pile of
bits and bobs to maybe sell for charity
see look who's back and look who is same
as before
piglet what are you doing
got your GPS on you better not be going
anywhere should we take it off do you
need it for her yes it is you got itchy
eyes mm-hmm look at you with your snazzy
haircut yeah
very snazzy Mike is watching golf
because he's an old man Jack is also
here if I can around this afternoon we
are not doing much just chilling on the
sofa Gareth is coming over to stay
tonight
whichever excited about because he
hasn't been here for ages and a friend
Libby is coming over for dinner
squishes and I think we're gonna go out
hi-5 switcheroo and I think we're gonna
go out to the pub to do that look at
this ridiculous dog
piggy piggy spoiled little little black
nipples little big and they dirty or are
they actually that color are they yeah I
think it's dirt Brown nipples Piggly
Wiggly and look at when they give her
the haircut like her paws they like go
in between the paws and make them look
really defined very smart guys the nail
situation is pretty bad yes right mr.
smug your nails look great I'm gonna
paint them what color should I go for
any particular preference from you blue
blue really
that's my call for the day well I'm
gonna choose to ignore that piglet says
pink like my color this is the color I'm
going for guys it is a new Christmas
color actually looks really different on
camera it's like a peach with gold
shimmer in it but it looks like golden
on camera it's called
Oh behave hmm it's got it yeah it's got
to be an improvement on this surely
fresh nails done we're now watching
Silence of the Lambs chilled out
Saturday these two really sociable on
their iPads well I can still concentrate
and watch and paint my nails you guys
are watching something else how rude
research your shopping I forgot my vlog
cameras I'm having to fill my phone but
we're in the pub right now we've just
got dinner here's my dinner it's liver
I'm getting a lot of right now
let's have a look at all of the food and
Stilton because everyone loves liver
right yeah guys got steak and a fly not
winning
