yeah we got food too
howdy y'all will do me gang I hope y'all
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you were born here are you
having an amazing day too
I don't even know why I'm doing a
southern cowboy accent I'm a savage boy
it'd do me Dave what's up it is
beautiful outside well actually it looks
beautiful outside but actually snow
today man this weather can be really
deceiving also all you guys are watching
this right now it is April 3rd it's
supposedly punish a Muslim ding so to
everyone out there it was Muslim all
around the world make sure you guys stay
safe and be careful because there's
actually a lot of sick people who go
around doing stuff like that and show
love to one another
April third is love a Muslim day instead
let's go on my family tell them I love
and love a Muslim day let's go it's
cowboy Adam out here not loving the
Muslim day
hey Jamar love a Muslim day how are you
my brother how was everything
can you tell them what's Islam if I miss
peace it's your right there but not get
the hell out of here man
how's it going give me a big pile of
afford a man who got tape duct tape tape
man huh I got what you got to tape him
up man please do man
it's love a Muslim day it's not love of
food amen buddy stay like that I should
be good you're good you guys doing good
chillin man have you seen in a minute
man you guys do not know Yusuf has been
doing track and going insane which is
really really good always stay fit and
run track and Yusuf I still want the
race oh you get it whenever you want
yeah you can beat the race then you get
the case I don't know other words go
ahead Tina how are you be good it's
loving Muslim they say hi you said one
more time and please what's wrong with
you man huh one more time
what am you can't eat don't about it
don't about it you got to lower your
voice man I'm vlogging I'm trying to
vlog now man thank you man seriously
stay quiet there buddy say yeah we have
King say it's love a Muslim day how's it
going great good what should we all do
for loving muslim day
huh all the guys come hug each other
guys too son
nah but seriously do be gang today is
the day where we might actually go get a
puppy or dog we're gonna go to the pit
no no no I think it's time you actually
get dog huh I don't know what thing a
German Shepherd husky we're gonna go to
and you guys are gonna help us chosen to
me gag the whole family's coming me
Yusef Hamza Deena Sayyaf and Jim mad but
the thing is the best for last
Jim as do you like pets safe loves
puppies and like every pet but Dina on
the other hand I do not even know why
she's coming because she's really afraid
do you like dogs she's she's G in it
right Dina she's not looking me in the
eye
she's not looking me in the eye Dina be
honest you let you like dogs
yes okay so sorry you're gonna give them
a big hug today oh my god I want to see
this I see this bah bah do me gig we
just got to the puppy store dog store
out of no pants no I don't know where
you guys wanna because there's a bad
habit of the whole Addams Family
wherever they go
it's insane I want everyone to pretend
to be asleep because the dog like she's
protective Dina you ready to see puppies
and doggies huh you gonna give them big
hug no you just said yes before she's
looking she don't you kiss
I give up me I didn't we can't we're
going in again guys this is the first
one I see a husky
they have us you know they don't you vet
it oh my god it licks you doesn't bite
you see guys listen what's that what's
that hey them what's up what's up oh so
cute look at you you know go go say hi
to it she does why is this what so
lonely
come here come here tell me lonely say
hi all right I guess never mind okay
okay come oh it's like a little tubby
tummy go okay okay guys I know I told
you guys I wanted a German Shepherd
today but I am in love man with this
husky I'm in love with hi cutie
what's up husky your eyes are beautiful
oh my god these ones this one sadly
though this Huskies adorable man oh my
god
so do you like says my is a baby he's so
cute and likes us like standing up first
he's gonna take out the husband for us
oh my god
good job guys Dena are you okay don't
cry you're good it's okay
you to say eff you let me down I'll tell
you're not scared of puppies huh I think
I'm not scared safe see I've got scared
I know her he was like I love puppies in
that way I think he loves a small one he
got scared of ah hi puppy
I think this one is so cute hi what
happened you're not gonna work for the
fighting so we're gonna buy that dog
escape man that dog escape a husky
escape because it's so used to the other
like the owner so it kept like escaping
or now he wants to come now you want to
come a ski you okay you okay did I have
a carrot dog that's fine he's okay look
at this one is like a little babies
babies and oh this one is kitsune yo
Loki I wish this a German Shepherd here
man I just want it's like also feel a
German Shepherd but seriously do it let
me know should I get this dog yes no I
don't know yet get this right you guys
know I don't know man look at look at it
so cute you're getting you sure oh my
god but I still want to see a German
Shepherd I saw enough
like I haven't how old a German like I'm
telling ya obviously I've held this one
now like like he's getting used to meet
up but haven't really held a German
Shepherd so I'm still waiting on anyone
look at this shorty man oh yeah he's
gonna break OH
so as I was saying do me and let me know
in the comments below yes or no to the
husky or shut out wait and see like
German Shepherds because that dog the
husky is two months old so I don't know
if you like I want it to be like just a
few weeks old so it can be used to like
the whole family stuff and maybe that's
why Sayyaf was kind of scared and maybe
that's what even the dog was scared so I
ran away don't look so let me know what
it comes below give this video a thumbs
up and I'ma keep me updated should I get
it
right right that's what I'm thinking -
so I'm on yeah I want you guys to let me
know in the comments below let me know
see you guys the next chapter
doobie gang I finally got home I just
want to update you guys about my dad he
is still in the hospital I just want to
say my mood like it shows in the vlog
that I'm like hyper now like you know
happy but it's still like something in
me that like the back of my head that
makes me worried and afraid but having
good luck vlogging and you know talking
with you guys makes me feel so so much
better and it takes away so much stress
all right now I want to show you guys my
brother's room he bought even more
Yeezys I want to tell you guys something
about my sneaker collection and my
Easy's and my Jordans I don't even want
none of it no more seriously I don't
even want to do any because life isn't
about sneakers man so I'm gonna tell
eight kicks he's not that right now but
I'm gonna tell it kicks that life isn't
about sneakers if I want to show you
guys when you get going where's this new
Ezz guy where's my son
it might be some crazy issue trying to
plan it out come easy where is it
Dena Bob I do who is he touch it touch
it inside the box look at these men
these Easy's are really ugly what the
heck he didn't let you touch it either
mommy where he's like that it don't wear
it he loves his sneakers are like where
his world he's gonna watch it he's gonna
wash it a hug watch this video you know
he's gonna choke oh he's gonna he
is gonna oh my god he's gonna go gums
what are you doing video right now
Nana this is a dump we just left Abe's
room he's gonna freak out but yes I do
me as I was saying I don't know I feel
like I'm not much of a sneakerhead and
up like even with sneak Akana so I
wasn't really interested in sneakers
most of the significant that I have is
just people that gave it seemed yourself
like or I got it I got few of them but
like most of the stuff I'm not even a
sneaker head like I don't know I just
feel like life is it about it's not
about sneakers it's not you know it's
just there's just sneakers so I'm
thinking about what to do mostly because
I don't know I don't know let me know
for the do me getting I will be wrapping
up the vlog here the reason why I keep
wrapping it up early well it's not
really that early like
seven-thirty but yes I'm gonna go to the
hospital stay with my dad he is still
there seriously do me guys I continue to
tell you guys thank you but I can't
thank you guys enough all your prayers
for your support everything you guys
always do I appreciate you guys every
single one you guys and I really hope
one day I got to meet every single one
you guys and if I didn't meet you guys
already I really hope I get to meet you
guys again and if I met you twice and I
really hope I get to meet you guys three
times and if I met you three times I
really hope I get to meet you that's
four times and if I met you four times I
really hope I get to meet you as five
times actually who might be fun
let me gonna come as well three maybe
five times man that's crazy
but I do we guys make sure you guys
subscribe I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and pictures I love you I love
you
