if the fight does happen money kicks
what you want to call out Benjamin kicks
that Jimmy the King do me game I'm
leaving goodbye I got my luggage here my
luggage there I'm so so sad I got the
homies you know the kings of Dubai right
here money can move lags bolsters you
guys thank you guys for a crazy crazy
time
Kate clothing we didn't want a k1 k1 k1
about the head out who's gonna drive us
I'm gonna drive as evidence sounds good
let's go Bo hi guys this is the Rolls
Royce in the back which once he was
gonna fit is it gonna fit or not yeah I
think so I think so where's yours put
one on you like that I know man I were
just told I'm not his head that's it
yeah I've got a big head about fit Oh
shots thrown man shouts throw don't act
like I'm not gonna be boxing you soon
YouTube is all about crazy boxing a
fighter now man what is up this is crazy
no you were four see at your nas I've no
time nas is easy
yes she's challenging oh I'm all about
those challenges I know we'll see how it
goes okay let me sit over here
yo he got now to see your hands up to
the bar
I mean partly to New York if a fight
does happen money case you have to fight
someone too man I don't have to box yeah
you sure yeah oh my if the fight does
happen money kicks what you want to call
out Benjamin Benjamin King I got my
money on money kicks man I got my own
money Kingsley right he got into our
blood our blood they got the hand let's
do it make it happen why'd you guys have
a weapon in here man look you got it my
last moments in Dubai I was talking to a
huge shout-out to everyone a goodbye
thank you guys so much showing so much
love I come here so much so I can't wait
to see you guys in my world tour I'm
coming soon I'm doing a whole crazy tour
crazy performance I cannot wait to see
you guys I'm going to the plane so I'll
see ya
yo so nas earlier today mrs. flights
London and I stuck with me if you guys
do not know it's like 1:00 a.m. right
now I land in New York
look at that boxing man tell me what you
guys think we win the fight may live in
the comments below with Moe or NAS knock
him down like laid flat on the ground he
won't even be moving oh my god feel bad
but it's a device
hi guys a few guys do not know nas is
coming to London and when he goes to
London is normal to him for me I have to
go through another line because I'm
going to America Donald Trump me in this
rule were like whoever's coming from the
Middle East they have to ask you all
these crazy questions and stuff so I'm a
low-key hide the camera and see what
questions they ask let's see how it goes
there so i'ma hide it let's do huh
yes USA what is this group security what
is that so you have to ask me questions
before I check in yeah you have to ask
me a couple questions why it's good you
guys who did that the USA so Trump get
all this what
oh my god crazy influence it
I arrived February February 10 yeah
yes
yes this I don't know if any working
condition yes thank you
do me gang so I'm on the flight right
now heading to New York great and I have
oh my god
Mall Road don't even enter - what the
hell you that's doing it shit I should
be like what the hell you doing in the
contacts I'm gonna get chocolate you
don't like chocolate give me talking
now I got my ice cream just like right
here my apple juice it's apple juice my
pinky up have a 14-hour flight oh my god
idumaean teach at its money cakes 12
vlogs clean house easy thank you guys so
much they're literally taking me inside
the plane you probably gonna watch a
movie and then sleep every time I have
these long flights I get bored after
like six hours so i'ma let see how it
goes saskia in an expert
I just laid there to do big homie use
the Vizia well sorry bro
sorry fast stay together sure yes no
miss you so much as a map wood huh
well the phosphate fuck to do what kind
of animal you want to see I missed you
so much
by picking a nose huh hey have you got a
dog let me see what's his name
Bosley that's like phase rugs dog do me
again if you guys do not know say F it's
a really big fan of face rug so I got
him a video from face rug to say hi you
ready to watch it yes what do you wanna
tell Brian phase rug huh thank you thank
you oh but look I thought I was your
favorite sugar huh both what look good
look good
look I'm the Joker but seriously Brian
phaser thank you so much as he made his
day he's so shy and quiet right now but
you made his day thank you so much I
appreciated it do me gang I'm finally
back in New York City and I got
something really important to talk to
you guys about I'm here in Hamzah and
hired his house I did not go to my home
where Riemann mice in a rat and I did
not go to my old home because I told you
guys about the issue where I knocked the
guy out which had to mess with my dad
who tried to rob my dad and the reason
why I'm here right now and I was pretty
much forced to come to hams and Haley's
house because because my family was
telling me that there's a chance that
the cops are looking for me and if I go
to the old home it's not good and if I
go to the home a tree mimosa's house
which is my house it might be a little
risky I don't know man like I seriously
do not know what to do I don't know if
I'm on the loose I don't know what's
going on all I know is that I protected
my dad I saved him from getting hurt I
didn't do anything wrong so this right
here is seriously puts a lot of stress
in me like it just it just stresses me
out for no reason like I got here I was
so happy I see my family it's sunny out
I mean it's kind of cold but it's
sitting outside I got to see my family
after so long and kind of sucks knowing
that like I might get in trouble or the
cops might be looking for me I don't
know what's going on but I'll keep you
guys updated with that I got to vlog for
you guys I didn't do a reacting or
nothing video thank God I wanted to give
you guys like a dope nice loot you know
like a vlog you know like that today but
it do me gay I am back I don't care if
any cops are looking for me I'm back
here do me yet I got you guys by my side
and I gotta love Thomas he has been a
crazy crazy past couple months 2018 I
started off wild but I'm so smiling I'm
still happy I'm still healthy I'm still
ready anyways to do me yeah I wanted to
tell you guys something about when I
went through customs from Dubai to New
York City so in New York City in New
York City customs I was at the guy you
know when you're at a custom person it
to ask you questions where he comes from
I'm like Dubai and queit um yeah where
you from I'm like I was born raised in
New York my mom and dad from Yemen he
was like Oh Yemen who's a do you speak
Indian and then I looked and I'm like I
don't speak like it Indian is not like a
language was like cuz this guy right
here he's from India and I think you can
speak his language that's exactly what
the customs officer told me I was
looking at him infused and I felt really
bad for the guy who couldn't speak
English he was from India it was kind of
really I don't know I don't was racist
or like stereotypical or just uneducated
or ignorant I don't even know how many
words I can use but that was just that
was just really dumb how you gonna say
hey do you speak Indian like I just need
accounts may say that because I don't
know if L like you see my beard he seen
me come from Dubai and he just assumed
like India and Dubai in the Middle East
they all like speak the same language
then after that I'm like you don't like
I was just confused I don't know what to
say cuz I don't want to speak back to
him and then end up getting in trouble
they use okay just go just go and I was
like I wish I spoke like Hindi it's
called Hindi and he was just saying okay
just go just go and I'm like what the
heck and I'm just left now I don't want
a lot of people in the Middle East a lot
of you in the UK a lot of people in
Europe go through when they come to
America and customs man you go through a
lot man I feel bad for you guys because
Donald Trump making all these rules and
stuff I mean I feel yeah I have an
American passport but like I feel bad
man people should come in America like
not worrying and stuff yeah so do me
yeah I'm gonna end the vlog here this
morning and I'm gonna start the vlog
literally like a few hours it do me gag
thank you guys so much for our love and
support if you guys enjoy this video
make sure you hit a thumbs up and go
turkey guys like I have the keys on me
because I was Lucy so yeah I'm sorry
once again the vlog is kind of short it
was so hard I told you guys I am human
too adieu me Aang I love you guys from
bottom my heart if I get locked up if I
get arrested just know I'm gonna be
thinking about you guys so so much been
shot lalala nothing happens and I'm yeah
subscribe put your notifications on I'll
see ya tomorrow doing yang take care for
peace I like it do me gang I forgot to
mention to you guys that we reached 1
billion views I'm a vlog channel on this
channel a doobie gang congratulations we
not just me we reached 1 billion views
on the vlog channel that is insane and
my other main channel we have like two
or three hundred million views so if you
add it up all together that's 1.3
billion views altogether seriously thank
you guys so so much I cannot wait to
reach 4 million subscribers so we can
celebrate together do meet again make
sure you guys subscribe so we can reach
4 mil thank you guys so much now it's
end of life I love you guys and I'll see
ya tomorrow do these girls still violate
a fake Church just got home from Lebanon
my passport got so full I have to get
another one
too bad my life on the runway PJs on a
PJ head nachos the DJ I've got maybe
I'll replay
