hey guys what's up we're about to leave
to go to the boys Shecky mother we just
woke up super super early and we got a
head there right now about an hour away
and I'm so excited kind of nervous but
hopefully goes great it's our first time
it's gonna go have fun
kill it never be nervous always be
confident and let's see how this goes
you oh these are all chocolates you guys
gave us thank you guys so much for
always giving us chocolates like
literally I eat them all up let's have
some left because I had no water nothing
at all and I was super hungry so I just
got these ate them he got diamond pearls
money I'm surprised you love me doesn't
matter what you say cuz I'm in the
middle but I can get you on the game huh
he's jumping and trying and Gavin after
than even are all alone yeah I don't
know it
oh he oh my oh my Ghita motto bye oh if
you are going I put it on a keto motto
my kita motto by luck we're gonna be
performing roughly around about a
hundred a thousand in a bubble and it is
like so nerve-wracking because most are
might be no no I'm coming in yeah I just
want a resume coming back on the show
you know
you know just one
yeah you give
sit in the place he has another story
Oh
Oh
Oh
yeah
yeah come off but just what I started
yeah this
the
No
what you need
Oh
Oh
oh she's right next to think oh yeah
really so funny he I said oh my god a
bean asking someone's you don't go
anywhere don't go anywhere
no give me with shake for a very long
time but I can't even dogs right and
happy told you any better bunda Oh tell
me a lot a lot of something what did he
teach if we had some baleen so I'm
speaking my all again
oh I told you our mom do me onyx under
oh my god so crunchy Oh y'all confuse
this you I mean - I mean - Wow I got
time to wrap up this vlog hope you all
enjoy this vlog if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go turkey I just
wanna say thank you guys so much for
loving supply I know I say thank you and
I love you for all the support but I
truly mean it like I feel like I need to
always say it to show you guys that how
much I appreciate you guys for always
showing up for always just showing a lot
of love and just you guys seriously
motivate me and inspire me so much I
suppose if they got so much it was so
nerve-racking today
at them at the mela because it was like
so many people and like a lot of them a
lot on don't even know didn't know who
we like who we were so it was like
something cool
a good experience to go on and like do
something where everybody can be
attained and not all of them like no one
knows stuff like that so that went great
as one say thank you guys so much for
that thank you to everybody who came
through we had a long long day we had
interview after interview after
interview and I want to say thank you
guys for just keeping us smile like
making us punching and just continuous
to work harder we have a lot of crazy
new stuff coming a lot of crazy travels
coming that'll be telling guys in a few
but before I say anything I want to say
that we've lost a huge huge supporter of
ours and it's just really sad because
after all like I've been like happy like
I've been happy these past few days but
then after hearing this news series I
couldn't even sleep last night I've been
so depressed thinking about everything
so I wanna say my thoughts and prayers
go out to Donna she was fighting cancer
and she was supposed to come to a New
York City show I was supposed to meet
her like last month but then she only
met slim because she was next to son's
house and means slim live like an hour
way so I couldn't make it or anything
like that because she left early but I
was supposed to meet her any time soon
or somewhere like that and I feel like
like I don't know I feel like crap like
I just keep thinking I can't sleep I
can't eat just just thinking about that
but and shell out my dog is always with
her I prayed and just like I just made
do I know everybody to make that for her
and her family to stay strong and Allah
Allah grants her Jenna and yeah I just
really hoping she'll go with me and
Jenna in the end and I really hope
everything goes well for a family and
everything like that so thank you guys
for just showing I love support ver
because I see the whole new me game just
showing a lot of support for so that'll
be the world to her family end and end
to me so thank you guys so much for that
and yeah
apart from that anyways um we are going
to be going to Uganda I think about in a
one or two days Uganda will show you
guys we tell you guys why tomorrow or
after that Y will be going to Uganda and
yeah I'm kind of nervous because whoever
I'm telling like you I'm going to yarn
that everybody just like you'll be
careful man you don't get kidnapped be
careful like every person I've told so
I'm kind of nervous because the soffits
home but I've seen a lot of people from
Uganda I met and in London they're there
they seem like cool people told me they
would tell me it's nice but a lot of
other people are just saying maybe just
stereotype or something like that but
other than that I'm so excited and thank
you guys so much for all the love and
support I will see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace I like
you
