so I'm on one of these bikes and this
guy's gonna show me the way homie thank
you so much Scottish on oh yeah oh he's
got it looks so cool I Stalin is so
beautiful look so like natural so oh my
gosh it's so beautiful excited I love it
I'm feeling it I don't know why you guys
always like oh my god America inner city
oh my god my eyes I see every day but
that's gas hose beautiful
huh
you see me boys
being shiloh she came away she came to
our Glasgow show so you shut up
hey what's up
I met more two homies here in Glasgow
say what's up what's good he give a
shout out we want to give a shout out to
anybody just keep a little horse - thank
you so much it means you guys are really
nice in Glasgow I want you guys to do
the New York action or pudding
amen keep up good work do this because
you didn't wash accent tell me we dude
me will you do me it's freezing cold
like I'm wearing a shirt it's freezing
cold over here so I was like what am i
doing in Scotland so I feel like I'm the
only American here but you guys do not
know I'm coming Scott because we're
going to prom with someone named Nadine
and I'm going suit shopping right now
and a Dean is here she's very shy say I
don't be shy don't be shy don't be shy
yeah your axes like so can you speak say
something
hi guys my name is Dean and yeah it's so
funny I kick I can't take this hit man
we're going to shopping so I made our go
come with me to shop and so I look for a
nice suit here I left my suit in New
York so I'm gonna have to buy a suit and
tomorrow is gonna be the problem and
yeah feels cool spending my birthday
with you so yeah are you so sure camera
sound via shot camera shy but there's
nothing to be shy about so yeah I don't
know we're going to either Sarah or talk
to Mitch it has the freezers obviously
that was lucky I don't know what that is
it was cool
my god
give me her my mind
baby girl
the first Scottish guy just feel you
here yes you're gonna feel it yeah
that's so sick oh my can I pull it a
little bit yeah that's enough say what
up homie
well for me I say what up homie what up
woman
I see you certain isolating is going to
do the New York accent let's see how it
goes okay so I want to get my camera
iced latt√© from like a lesson but hey
are you gonna correct me like that is
you doing really good this guy I am us
and I'm gonna do a do a Scottish didn't
I don't see something say something
first and stop floods I'm in Glasgow
right now
yeah it's uh plugs I'm Glasgow right now
I'm glass go right now hey I don't know
how to do it you guys okay this is me
there I go where my hair is a muscle I'm
glad this is oregano just took a shower
I saw laptop memory and I'm trying on
this here you eat what she's trying to
see what time it's gone oh yeah
Oh true true that's the battle
uh hi juice man this one okay perfect I
don't know I need a room yeah but first
like gonna you know like what something
here you look like Harry south near
South Philly here all right I have like
a fetish of humor so yeah cuz I hear is
that Kenny sing like him so yeah guys
Lee oh I'm gonna hike who's next on it I
got to go I got the shoes of the year
yeah good point
hi I'm trying on the brown shoe she's
embarrassed pretending she's not with me
because I'm embarrassing why bees are
shy but how'd you just go who know some
listen and I were as easy restaurant
Aisha many are too many I'm in Malaysia
they came to a Glasgow show on shirokova
she's coming
and they gave me a recipe sorry
yeah we just got done eating you feel
the pressure
yeah and yeah so we just got done eating
dear awkward and we want to give a shout
out to give a shout at anybody
we already goes out here that's
something my nephew Joe say we give a
shout out to share mm yeah
oh my god oh my god
thank you so much you guys cooked off oh
my god
thank you so much oh my god
thank you I am at the train station in
Scotland Glasgow I just dropped off
Nadine Aisha and Miriam and Miriam thank
you guys so much for showing a lot of
love and you know take me out to ZZ was
so cool
now we gonna hang around they were home
because tomorrow was prom and I'm so
excited my first time going to prom and
it's gonna be in Scotland so it's gonna
be so weird I've never been to prom in
America in New York or anything so the
first time I'm getting being prom it's a
Glasgow which is like so random but I'm
excited for him so Stovall's I do not
know where I'm at but the people here
are so nice to ask this guy do you know
where Zizi restaurant cuz I wanna go
back to her how was that and he didn't
know what sex we asked someone else for
me
Dino was easy wrestler and that guy and
they were telling him then he told me so
I was like the super duper nicer much
more nice than people in America I don't
know to America really they would lie to
you and tell you wrong waste to take you
swimming so if you guys don't know NASA
found me in Scotland I don't know how
it's a lifesaver because like one or two
guys I want you to look outside this is
look outside and guess what time guess
what the time is right now look nice
guess what the time is
it's 9:50 p.m. p.m. and look how much
light is in my shawl oh that's crazy oh
I feel bad for them in Ramadan they got
to break their fast I like 10:30 11
o'clock at night so we got some Nando's
best surprise ever Oh money like a
mystery
alright guys it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you guys enjoy this 5 if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go turkey Go extra turkey as well
you guys have been showing a lot of love
with the thumbs up so go smash that
turkey button right there
I'm officially 22 years old and my
birthday is over but it's not over
because this whole month is gonna be my
birthday it's got my birthday beside my
birthday for the whole month and I'm
gonna be heading to prom tomorrow and
I'm so I'm really nervous because I'm
not from the school so it's gonna be
like really awkward I'm the only one
that's speaking like that
so yes can be really really awkward but
hopefully it goes well you guys will all
see it and I'm so excited for it but
other than that I want to say thank you
guys so much for all the birthday wishes
so many of you gave birth there's so
many even of my old friends from high
school so many of you guys that I could
even reply to you because I could see my
mentions my service sucks really bad in
Glasgow I don't know why's is so much
better in the UK but here in Glasgow my
service sucks so bad so I can't even see
any mentions or anything like that so so
I'm gonna tell you guys over here thank
you guys so much I'm sorry if I couldn't
reply but I'm saying here right now
thank you guys so so so much for all the
birthday wishes it truly means the world
and it's just I just feel so overwhelmed
about it and this is so exciting just
knowing the fact that I'm 22 and I
remember when I was turning 19 you guys
are telling me happy birthday
now I'm 22 and you guys still telling me
every birthday so thank you guys for
that and this a lot more to this journey
coming through a lot a lot more I've
been working on so much stuff and I'm
gonna let you guys know in a couple days
what what what it is and what you guys
want me to release first and I saw a
video called a message from a dummy gang
thank you guys so much for that video is
amazing videos
another video that guys made for me a
happy birthday video thank you guys so
so much for that you guys are seriously
amazing investors to make me so happy so
thank you guys so much for that and to
my family my mom my dad my nieces and
nephews all them they were sending me so
much videos so that just made my whole
like I made my whole life so thank you
guys so much for that see you guys
tomorrow and prom take care
do me again I love you guys and peace
