hey guys what's up it is 8:00 a.m. in
the morning so earlier about to go on a
shoot me exact night homey now so that
was good then I've thought I've got the
camera crew coming this is working on a
project for you guys and one of them is
Zack night I was so excited for because
I feel like this one it's probably the
coolest probably the coolest one that
I'm most excited releasing so although
mokuba this is probably most the one
that I'm most excited about releasing I
look extra sleepy so hopefully I'm not
sleeping the video anything okay now
we're gonna go back we're gonna go back
and change I'm gonna go back and change
and come back because I need to fix
myself up like a loose shoe now that I'm
doing my after what's up I'm here with
the homies AK night we already know
ready well I'm very tired well I got our
car drivers I know it's way too early
what time is right the box is about 6
a.m. yeah woke up like so early and now
ready let's do the video shoot
so just waiting on what's going on or
not but you don't oh yeah put another oh
he's here shoot I know huh chillin huh
my mom yeah Gydesen thang so this is the
shoot way let's go this is sick so gonna
be the final look
I do
Oh
you
exactly fair
that was a
Oh
crazy talented guy I'm so excited I'm
working right now and should be done
probably today but when we release to
like a couple months maybe so we pulled
over to get some sleep we go oh shut up
I'm - hi guys so we just woke up from
like a two-hour nap in the car and we
just got a fresh haircut and now we're
gonna go ahead for shoot my turn to
shoot and he was sleeping but you snore
so loud in the car it was a other than
that we're gonna be recording it and we
up are we going to what's the call um
Greenwich I suppose called Greenwich but
has W so it's called Greenwich or
umbrella number that's nice yeah we're
now this place called Greenwich is one
of the sickest probably most coolest
views I've ever seen my hair this is
where I'm shooting my part is there in
the sunset and I can't wait that the
whole chemical already right there in
the building is basically London right
there look how small that is Congrats in
New York City not all going on
I got small it is this is when New York
is like has like old building the
registers really small
we're going down a hill on the bloody
green it where Greenwich Greenwich
please
south east greenwich filming trying to
get the sunset poor goes down and it's
getting really cold so nice cool yes it
is again chilling you got a sweater on
that's what the meter wall suit matter
Holly's good he's like psycho yeah hey
guys this is mature Adam and I'm turning
23 years old and five seconds
22 years old oh thank you guys but
you're not trying to sleep about them
but he did nothing up 22
hi guys time to wrap up this vlog hope
you all enjoyed this vlog I am
officially 22 years old and I just want
to say a message from me to you guys I
just want to say thank you guys so so so
much for the love and support that you
guys been showing since I was 18 years
old and now 22 years old that's just
like just crazy time flies and I just
want you guys to know that I appreciate
every single one there's a lot of you
have been coming out of nowhere
telling me happy birthday and known me
since I was 18 19 20 years old and it
truly means a lot seeing you guys still
there seeing guys still supporting so
thank you guys for still supporting even
if I'm growing old it thank you guys so
much truly means the world and I really
hope and all that many more years to
come for me for you guys for everybody
to be with you guys together do me
gangsters do you guys are serious you
guys are my life you guys are like my
family and I appreciate every single one
of you guys every single day
so I just want to know that if you guys
ever feel like you're not loved or not
you know wanted anything just know that
I love you guys
