hey guys what's up it is our last day
here in NYC in my city I miss it so much
I'm not gonna see New York City to like
June 17 at the next time I'll be back
June 17 June 18 right now we're going to
the Statue of Liberty I never took you
guys to the Statue of Liberty nas has
been waiting for like literally a week
to go to such a Liberty finally gonna go
see it
east of NAS and let's see how this goes
the last time I went to such Liberty
when I was 5 years old which is about
almost 17 years ago so 17 years later
I'm going to the Statue of Liberty you
can see it from here going on the boat
it's so foggy this is New York City or
this
you
taking my baby boo
like to take a picture with a sick
camera and like then it goes like that
how long it takes I need one of those
camera what's up mama
yeah and this is the result or the
picture let us take when we're coming
out with the boat now he needs to be
nice to me at all times for the Wi-Fi
but I'm gonna interview some people some
people
let's see where they're from onii-sama
Michael me some of the only people from
New York City at the Statue of Liberty
school nobody in New York City goes to
the statue there but let's see where are
the people from and see if you guys can
relate or view from the same city same
country
what are you guys from away from that
one shoutout to Taiwan anybody from
Taiwan I want chips
that one thank you very from Thank You
India and I shout out to India forgive
me chips all right
whoa you NASA yeah we're so close to it
now I'm at the airport now with the
homie when I do mother father the body
listen you wanted to meet him I meant it
for you what's up that's it hey shots
you hopefully I'm used to music best I
want to pull this guy make you man very
cool appreciate it
hi guys I'm at the London Heathrow
Airport and what up they want to supply
no I'm not never citizen oh I hope
they're not sick of seeing you I love
you guys we're just having to chill out
so
all right so I'm gonna show you how the
cool trick all right okay let me jump
over that you think I'll do it yeah I
was gonna record it wrong all right guys
ready oh yeah
Oh John
hi guys time to wrap up this vlog hope
you all enjoy five dead
make sure give it a thumbs up and go
turkey is a thing so much for coming
through it to the airport
I do not get sick of you guys I'm afraid
if you guys get sick of me do everything
I guess sick of you guys nothing I love
seeing you guys faces you have to truly
make me smile and make me so happy
sorry for getting guys kind of in
trouble but we got in trouble together
you know for jumping over you and that
guy was like going crazy but it's all
good in the hood I back here in the UK
for a couple days and I'm then I'm going
to Malaysia will let you guys know the
two reasons why I am here is two big
events I am having the first one is on
Sunday June 7th I will be performing on
the South Pole Mela is called the south
or Mela and I'll be performing for 30
minutes is giving me an exclusive crazy
performance that I'm gonna be doing with
you guys so it's a free admission you
guys could come through and watch me for
30 minutes I'm gonna turn it but you
guys have fun so if you guys want to
come watch me perform for 30 minutes or
be on Sunday June 7th around 5:00 5:30
p.m. I will let you guys know the exact
location tomorrow so I'm so excited for
that because the first time I'm gonna be
up for 30 minutes and
it's gonna be something that I'm gonna
be doing for the next year of 2016 is
like I'm gonna be doing this crazy tour
I'm trying to call it the Addams
twerk tour the T wo RK as in work you
know it's gonna be crazy like I have a
lot of crazy things so it's gonna be
exclusive for this one on Sundays can be
really exclusive and something just a
little bit of what I'm gonna be doing
for the year after so if you guys want
to come through turn up with me say what
up say I don't come through and from
Malaysia I know a lot of you guys or
from Malaysia who do watch me in
everything like that so it's super
exciting my first time go to Malaysia I
am doing a project there but I'm also
gonna be doing a meet-and-greet in
Malaysia on June 13th in a mall June
13th
in a mall at 12:30 p.m. 12:00 12:30 p.m.
I will let you guys know the exact
location for that also tomorrow but I'm
just letting you guys know that source
to seventh Southland mother London June
13th
Malaysia 12 p.m. I'll see you guys then
for Malaysia and London and I wanna give
a huge shout out to my nephew Hamza
happy birthday - I love you so much
we're 11 years old I'm so sad I can't
spend it with you even my birthday's my
birthday's tomorrow and I came and spend
it but it's all good in the hood mom
mama there's just another day so yeah
and I'm just gonna skip it because I'm a
stick to 21 years old but I've met thank
you guys so much I'll see you guys soon
I am trying to upload the prank that I
did on nas in Africa I don't know what's
wrong with it literally every time I
upload it I press upload it says 4000
minutes and the files I mean that big
like it just says 4000 minutes so this
is what I'm doing it's uploading in 4000
minutes right now it's probably like
about 3000 something minutes left so it
probably will be up any time this week
and I'm so excited for everything hope
you guys see it's gonna be up on the
main channel so much stuff going on I've
been doing so much work for the past two
three weeks and I'm doing even more work
for the past for the next two three
weeks so I'm gonna be doing more work
and in about a month and a half or so
all the work that I've been doing now
before from the past two weeks and now
to the next two weeks it'll be released
one by one so I'm so excited for it's
gonna be off it's gonna be so so big so
I cannot wait for you guys to see it
hope you guys are ready for this journey
with me for the next few days going to
Malaysia here and there and I really
hope I don't get locked up randomly no
reason and Malaysia but a mess here
tomorrow
take care do me gang I'll see you guys
soon
peace play
