hey guys I'm Adam I'm shape we are true
story we have nowhere to film we were
supposed to go to the studio but
beautiful city was closed so we're going
to tell you guys here and yeah so since
I have a lot going on with my family and
everything around I've decided to let
Adam continue on to story a si and I'm
going to have to take a break from it
I'm probably gonna go back to college
soon so I don't know yet but if I do
continue making a YouTube channel I will
definately you guys know I know Adams
gonna beat it to make you guys smile and
make your days and everything and he's
so passion about the soul I let him do
his thing and I'll do my thing this
isn't a breakup of a friendship
Mimi chick will always ever remain
brothers not even friends will remain
brothers never you need but everything
that goes on I'm always here to support
you with anything even if it's fighting
something how to unlock something up
that even if it's anything else even if
it's helping you with your homework I'll
truly can be friends I just wanna say I
love you guys hey guys for the support
and stuff that you're giving us I'm
still here I'm still gonna be uploading
every single day in a single blog I'm
still gonna be here working ten times
harder for you guys uploading a true
story say and everything shake you so
see a mean I'm still going to see each
other it's not the last time you guys
will see shake shake is still getting be
with me ups are gonna see him but when
it comes to the ACL baggage or sorry say
I will continue that and
work ten times 100 times harder for you
guys to make it you guys mouths it's
been a lot going through trust me
there's a lot to come in the future many
more smiles to come many more happy
stuff to come so chawla the best I'm
proud of how far out of came and this is
not the end this is obvious at the end
we always get me chili and stuff but
both we both went for nachos both before
and even if you were even if you were
not going to be doing videos or not much
shows together but you're still gonna be
there I'm still gonna working with a
thousand times harder
just know that you put a big effect in
my life trust me I was I was so I was so
like bad I would have been arrested like
after having like if I would never met
you made me into a much better person I
appreciate you not thank you for that I
salute you for that and so she I'm this
fit of my heart like you made me a much
better person you gave me stop punching
random people in the street
we changed a lot it changed me a lot and
I appreciate everything always doesn't
just know that how much should always
know that so before I end I just want to
say I'm kind of how far we came and this
is nothing this is just another chapter
and I like love you guys so much and
yeah see you guys tomorrow I love you
guys take care
