what's up little kids okay you guys are
like big babies on the bed because
usually those Deena Muhsin Rima Japan
and today is Hamza and Haven so how was
your guys days you guys good wait what
is that behind you oh yeah I was gonna
say Elmo how would you guys do today
nothing oh you guys did nothing at all
you guys deserve the ball thrown again
every time you I see some stupid s
what's gonna happen every time you guys
say something dumb the ball is gonna be
thrown okay
you're gonna buy into what you do like
me that's that stupid don't say dumb
stuff like that okay like maybe on your
birthday his rig is doing second so for
the show and her birthday is June 14th
always Ryan and Deena Deena design may
27 what don't mind yo guys you're doing
something dumb you forgot my so the show
for the New York City is gonna be for
like all of our birthdays like it's her
her oh my bad hurt him and Deena oh okay
Deena me Hilah and happens that all of
our birthdays are like what do you guys
finished school jul 27 2014 10 a versus
Dean on Madison is a two-on-two who do
you think is gonna win I don't
it's steam on garage because pneumatic
all gotta go ratchet oh it's gonna be
hard competition you deserve that
Hopson no pushing your sister like that
job I have one more question for you
guys hey what are you guys gonna do in
the New York City show I'm gonna break
race over a great yeah what the heck are
you my stage
hey guys what's up I just got off the
taxi guys took me about 20 30 minutes to
find the taxi if ever in New York City
don't dress up
like this taxi would never stop to dress
up like that the only stop the ladies or
the stop I like people who like look
like businessmen which is messed up so
just got done filming for Kareem and
something crazy happened in the video
and I happen to catch all on tips if you
guys want to watch it
check out when is it going to be a to be
out this Friday I'm gonna make it
separately just word yeah I'm gonna make
a separate shall I just met the homie
from Morocco it's uh what up I know what
is it dick fat oh so what is that that's
it so Sufi we're so nice yeah yeah yeah
finally got a chance to see this guy
after here's on Facebook I'm having a
baked potato right there yeah I just
want to wish out the best of luck and so
much you so much lady thank you so mad
crazy but man you so appreciate thank
you man the cutest dog I've seen what's
up doggie
how you doing I don't know about cute
but he looks like he can attack it it's
like now I look so cute I like I like
those like that he looks he said he's
had to ignore me mind his own business
like why do you ignore me well are you
going on like that you came out your
mom's butt right you know I totally do
it they do pretty serious - oh yeah
cause it's so big
happy cuz myself hide on me it's so cute
what's up
mausi unite on me like that the stove
you gonna ignore me like that helps
you're good in everybody helps if you
guys do not know I'm gonna take a break
on Twitter because I feel like there's
so much Twitter drama is going on that I
actually group right here I looked in
the mirror today and I saw a gray hair
and there's just so much drama that goes
on I don't want it to like depress me or
like make me feel down and like that on
me but I just really hope you always
stay positive always stay happy just
know that I will always love you guys no
matter what I will consider you making
videos every single day for you guys so
just because I'm not getting on Twitter
for a while doesn't mean anything so
catch me on youtube if you guys aren't
subscribe to us subscribe so you guys
can get a notification on youtube
knowing that we uploaded a video other
than I'm going to take a break off
Twitter so excuse me if you follow me on
Twitter don't too bad cuz I'm taking a
break on Twitter I'm gonna be back soon
do it follow me now what
once I go back out you'll be the first
one or three no that's crazy girl it's
like this and like that I'm like this or
like that button that I'll continue on
making you guys smile every single day
and yeah I feel like let's be positive
and make the mood and just keep
everything positive I will so be reading
your tweets so if you guys see anything
positive and if you're cool that'll be
amazing we'll keep everything
I'll keep every deposit all the negative
stuff away so thank you guys for that
this guy says thumbs up so thumbs up and
go to thumbs up so I'm gonna go around
and try to make people say fool so I can
say these notes
doing a fight
weren't you gonna fight that guy deez
nuts gaudy honest I got you know I don't
just I know I just got to gaudy
where'd you going to fight
you want to get it
see he's smart he knew is gonna be Gotti
okay I'm Tilly sorta that just happened
earlier right yeah that's why I was late
right all right who was this guy
yeah I was doing like a kinda like a
little join out and then I was twerking
on this guy well has a joke and he got
so bad and then he said of like kind of
cursing me out and I pressed him back
out a little bit don't have a like slow
argument over I was twerking you know
because you're you're twerking is like
it's really it's just I'm just working
are you gonna crush me up like I love
you man but since I guess go you're
twerking for them just too good and he
can't I'm ghetto
he can't his he's getting attracted to
me is what I was sort of enough let me
keep you with the problem that go yeah
you know you think all right tell me
something that go I could wash out of
your stone yeah my name is beast yes
okay you wanna call my guys
oh pretty good boy from see
shushu sorry
guess who's gonna go out neck fire
Robert guess who's gonna go on this
fight
go where guess what Oliver you
no yes me No
Gus
you don't know how you know how a
beautiful for you so I can see ya hey I
want you so desperately
Oh makes you beautiful time to wrap up
this vlog hope you all enjoy this vibe
if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey and if you did
watch this vlog without me tweeting this
vlog give it a thumbs up I don't know
how many people are subscribed to us and
watch us even if I don't tweet it so if
you did do that I need to watch it even
if I didn't tweet it give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey and thank you guys for
that for actually still watching even if
I don't tweet it truly means the world
and I'll see you guys tomorrow we're
gonna be filming for a new video
Saturday at 3 p.m. we're gonna have a
special guest with Rima and someone else
that will let you guys notes and then
Sunday the music video for diamond girl
will be out at 1 p.m. eastern time on
this channel and the new video on true
story is a Saturday 3 p.m. on the true
story a say Channel Eastern Time
we'll see you then think that so much
for all the love all the positivity
truly means a lot I'll see you guys
tomorrow keep smiling I love you guys do
me gang team SI see you guys tomorrow
take care or pitch
all right let's have a staring contest
okay you ready ready
staring contest one two three go
no cheating okay okay uh uh uh okay but
you want
