Leo your mummy Leo give me half up give
me high five but put my ABS no no nice a
budget no heart
harder harder fast fast bet oh oh you
getting annoyed good let me teach you a
new trick this is bad I have to hit your
stomach today yeah I mean what if ever I
have teacher stomach
okay hello leo
how are you doing huh hello cat Freddie
that I'm glad I left all right ready
I'm gonna I have to hit you right here
meeting hard okay why Stan are you
sitting here
ready I'm his really hard oh no no no no
I have to you get strong your abs gonna
come on I did it
today already great Oh
ready oh you're moving I did this right
here like this like that it is scaring
many more kids - hey Rick day ready sure
yes come on you're faster oh yeah is it
get strong
okay ready ready three is he laughing -
it is like I was just joking with I was
gonna do it I was just cerium great I'll
date your head okay i won sobbing yeah
 me on it I'm gonna hit you and
you die okay go oh how to find this fun
no
you doing for your dissertation issue ha
oh you didn't
I'm gonna do a bengali movie scene ready
what do you know
oh-oh-oh
why is he actually portunity to be hard
is wrong this game because they he know
that it's acting see no one's gonna
fight with me
I am the cleared man do you know what is
that is a clear come over yo ha now you
tell them I love Brigid man say you say
say I love cricket man yeah I like Kiki
hey I'm together what are you so late
yes ladies and gentlemen welcome to keep
it up with sheiks family today we have
her who wants to use a laptop but him he
doesn't want to give it let's see what
happens that tough yeah no it is it's my
love you mean no BCD you're only here
for two seconds then it solves I'm yours
and such a second morning I'm a big star
in combat yeah screaming except
Xactimate you want a cookie for that we
all learned that in fifth grade
yeah mom uh-huh you're such an amazing
older brother sit there and watch us
argue just so you could record argues is
are you gonna keep my crown what the
hell why do I like convincing us in
fatty get out wait this is probably the
best smelling lotion ever see me know
it's too sticky I don't like it you can
take it but my yeah why do you why do
you look alike anyway I sent you in here
where you just uh soccer game here use
this you do sorry no nobody use your
game some sort of sculpture Yeah right
as you give it to Jay okay
my be smarty and start using it right
games I want to do homework who's the
real winner here nursery he's a winner
yeah beginner always wins
she's always gain for life Wow finally
you can you can please exit the room now
you have your laptop yeah the doors that
way this is a game room no nerds allowed
but the you know for the piston
piss-poor on Elise's oh yeah nothing
you're not making doing white and
Michael Jordan shoots it in and he hit
the wall
do you know who Michael Jordan is why
huh please let ask you well player oh
thank you you know one of my friends
said yeah he said Michael Jordan is a
boxer hey Michael Michael Jordan hi
everyone here yeah you leave anyway
yo yo Michael Jordan is a boxer yeah
Tracy yeah you know that no he's just
new boss Vito yeah tell your neighbor
and a boxer and he called me whether
Merryweather was it that my friend is
mangoes she really don't matter who's a
to vo that was fighting that it is Manny
Pacquiao and Mayweather Pacquiao was his
first day freaking those fish named
Leland with you it's packed wasn't it he
said paki al whose patio Akio pac-man
here's our dump I'm not gonna lie sit
puffle obviously min of it may be that
you and that is how you want that is
that how you want a squeeze manufacture
really hard and then you wanna get
says it yeah what a fight hey oh that's
like a crop top alright alright
Mayweather that's enough now oh so why
you should never punch a bony person
okay about 100 huygens March Madness you
even though I do a grandmother Missoula
I love you to death oh stop being so
corny big like man did to me whether he
literally said Mary okay yo no I'm
playing it okay oh that's the only yeah
you right away mommy so what happen
right now was he thought he lost his
phone but that I had the whole time and
I can never take some anything without
laughing so they're gonna love you this
way you suck at that you you suck at
holding things in you always hear laughs
yeah laughs Ian a channel if you was
looking round better when I saw laughs
he looked at me I think he said where's
my phone
and then he thought my life and then he
ain't giving me and I got this phone
down
how'd you never you yeah Edward wait why
not why not
Boone all your bird good luck yeah
