what I'm gonna put it on you Wow okay
where is he clothed huh
you're welcome Boston every day he's
butt naked man I got to dress him up are
you good now jeez hey guys what's up and
do me yank I hope y'all having an
amazing day because we're having an
amazing day so we're having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy do me gang I am in Mawson's room
right now I missed you so much
today's video is gonna be pretty wild so
Rima is not here she was actually
supposed to be in this video with me but
since she's not here it's gonna be moss
and moss and you're a substitute where's
Rima good rimas not in school she is at
her cousin's house I was supposed to
have Reem on this video and let her read
my Instagram DMS but in a way I didn't
really want to read it because it's kind
of rated R so I'm gonna let the man
Mawson read it I don't even know if you
can read can you read yes
you know how to read do you know how to
spell how do you spell cat good job was
it he spelled can he spell of cat I
definitely teach him that how do you
spell dog dog dog
so do me gangstas Marcin knows how to
read and knows how to spell he's gonna
be reading my Instagram DMS so let's get
the video started but before we get the
video started do me again make sure you
guys subscribe subscribe and do me I
because I upload every single day make
sure you guys give the video a thumbs up
and do me a thumbs-up and now let's get
the video started alright guys I can't
believe I'm about to show you guys my
Instagram DMS so this is gonna be the
first one must you ready to read it you
sure yeah okay
read what the heck are you doing here
what's up bro did he show up what the
heck surprise the oldest member of the
Adams family will not the oldest but
like the oldest nephew of mine who can
immediately go we're doing I'm Austin
reading my Instagram DMS what yeah I was
gonna be like some crazy ideas stop
being a bad boy yeah you're a bad boy
yeah bad boy bad boy I'm actually glad
that use of is here just in case Mawson
does not know how to read it
my man Yousef is gonna read it and I'm
actually glad rimas not here because if
she would have read my DM she would've
probably beat me up and beat the people
up who DMV so uh let's see how it goes
you ready how's the question how's that
I'm 12 and I think I have a crush on
Hamza yeah this is the first time ever
where I see Hamza gets a crush you know
what I'm gonna call Homs and see what he
says I so I'm calling fuller because I
think Hamza guys phone taken away what's
up
where's Hamza okay tell him to call me
back when he's there okay cuz I need to
hook him up right alright sounds good
bye so we're gonna continue on with the
video and wait til he calls me back how
did you know what it says yeah he kissed
the phone guys this DM said can I kiss
what are you doing
dumi yeah if you guys do not know I do
reply to some of my DMS on Instagram but
when I get DMS like this I don't even
know what to say like am I supposed to
say yes you can kiss me or am I supposed
to say no get away
how am I supposed to say thank you I
don't know what to say you want to go to
get do y'all my dad treated you all
right guys we're gonna go to my dad
today I'm really DM let's go see Baba
come on
yeah dude by the way you do me game we
finally got furniture we only got half
of it for now we're gonna get the other
half that's gonna be on that side it's
blue look at it look he's dope right
look at it it looks so dope me a girl
sent me a message she said hi Adam a
Yemeni guy broke my heart I don't know
who to tell hey let me read you the
answer really yeah I'm Rita the way they
typed it okay yeah Adam marry me yeah
Mick yep languages I can't read this how
much proposals are you getting what
language is this if anyone knows what
language is that leave it in the
comments below let me try to read it
advance Anna Benny Mila ya makea me ie
socks veeram OCH Barack mom sunny I've
learned venom LaSalle min or glue what
the heck I have no clue but it has a
frog emoji probably means like I love
you marry me I get a lot of these kind
of DM so I'm gonna let mustn't read it
must have read it what does it say he
just called me a waste man he just
called me a waste man huh yeah it says
Oy waste men watch you're gonna die
tomorrow I know where your house is if
you're not there I'll kill your family
I seriously don't get the point of
people sending dm's like this you know
threatening me and stuff like I don't I
don't get it okay but they just have no
lives that I don't have nothing better
yeah I get a lot of demons like a lot of
people just cursing me out for no reason
like I don't know what I've done to them
like I don't know like they can't be
like you know they can't know but I
don't know what I've done to them for
them to say this like what I understand
if I've done something wrong or mean to
them but I didn't like I don't really
try to be mean I don't really be mean to
anyone like unless like you mess with my
family then okay okay it's coming out
you know saying but I haven't done
anything bad so I don't know why they be
I don't know haters gonna hate
I don't know why they're hating why what
did i do what did I do
they're waste man yeah waste man that
kid that sent me that damn your waste
man also get a lot of these types of DM
saying what are you go on a date with me
but like you know you know you should go
on a date gonna be where I should go on
a date where do it do it for a vlog be
like taking taking a pharaoh what do me
let me know if you guys want me to do
that like I'll accept the date from
someone and I'll vlog it 30,000 thumbs
up and I'll do it this is gonna be super
awkward
taking out someone on a date for my
Instagram Dion oh my god what that is
babysitting me now
this girl wants to go on a date with me
and I want to be nice and say yes and
vlog it and go on a date with her uh-huh
was it safe but I muslin read this he's
gonna read it huh he's always so close
when you read but this girl said
assalamu alaikum are you from yeah main
yeah me i hate when people spell my
country wrong and I hate when people
don't know where my country is this is
why me
Adam Saleh I want to you know put Yemen
on the map it's my country you know what
I'm saying so the first thing is spell
aright ye m en second of all know where
it is it's in the Middle East
Hey okay so this is another question
that I get a lot it says I have a
question for you why do you always say
go Turkey do you mean the country oh my
god you gotta be a real ride-or-die oh
my god not even a real rider that
everyone should know what go Turkey
means when I say it for five freaking
years I've been saying go Turkey it just
means go hard go ham but the hell away
go Turkey
but I've always wanted to go to Turkey
so Turkey I wanna come to you guys soon
Istanbul I don't know anywhere in the
city any city in Turkey I want to visit
you guys real soon so I can say go
Turkey and you guys can go thumbs up and
I want that video when I go to Turkey to
be the most thumbs up video that I've
ever had in 24 hours
oh look who's calling me oh how does
this cool movie hello
what was this hums oh yeah
hums I just wanted to tell you that I'm
uh there's this girl that has a crush on
you she's 12 years old would you like to
continue on and move further why you
having me seen her nothing she says she
has a crush on you
yeah she's 12 you guys are perfect you
know only one year apart so it's a yes
sir yes also do me a
I have so many DMS of really bad rated-r
pictures and I do not really want to
show anyone here so I'm not gonna say
anything but to anyone who does DM me on
Instagram give me something cool and
maybe I would reply and if you guys have
it makes you guys follow me on Instagram
add them sada right here also do me I'm
talking about something really serious
right now someone DM me this and I hate
getting dm's like this because I don't
want any of you guys doing this someone
DM me saying I cut myself because of you
and this isn't the first time I got a DM
like this and it really really tears my
heart apart when I see this because I
don't want anyone who watches me or
anything cutting themselves I want you
guys to be happy be proud of who you are
find something fun to do hang out with
some people do anything peaceful
anything fun but please please do not
cut yourselves you're worth more than
that I love every single one of you guys
and I don't want any of you guys being
hurt I love you guys from the bottom my
heart and I really hope inshallah I can
get to meet every single one of you guys
even if I met you guys already I want to
meet you guys again and I don't want any
of you guys hurting yourselves I've had
a lot of combos speaking to you guys and
shows and a lot of you guys tell me that
guys stopped hurting yourself because of
me so I really hope you guys understand
where I'm coming from be happy smile
life is too short to be you know doing
stuff like this I love you
and I want you guys to always be happy
do me a smile watch the vlogs every
single day if that makes you feel better
I love you guys so much thank you guys
so much for always showing love and
support I'll see you guys tomorrow a
huge shout out to the man Yousuf Yousuf
Stalin
hey do me again I hope you guys enjoyed
this video see you guys tomorrow
subscribe put your notifications on take
care pics I love you chillin in it
swear to God he shouldn't pain when life
gives you your night baby makes them
Yemen aid place I'll meet today I'll
treat the plane like a nuva
if that makes me imagine this
