hey guys what's up good morning I hope
you all are doing well I and Uganda
right now I'm about to go meet up with
the orphan kids and everything and I met
them yesterday but we only only met them
for like 5-10 minutes because was at
nighttime and it was an amazing time I
only got to know each other's name stuff
like that but I'm going right now I want
to get to know more about them I want us
to hang out chill I want to give them
the best day they've ever had so they
can want me back or something like that
so hopefully it turns out well and let's
see how this goes for us Asad he said
Kuzak easily but I said I got a girl for
you ooh
her name is Rima boom I get to do me gig
without and how do you know you're six
look sighs yes you're fine music no sex
he'll do seven seven I'm an EEO 7000 you
get over will you do that roll get a
beard like this how do you three yes a
dog huh do you some kind of joke huh you
like me hey what's my name what's my
name
don't say my name no my name what's my
name
money no money you got it Oh me you got
a hug
you gotta before moving this orphanage
called Greenland there's a mosque here
is amazing about to go pajama and a few
just playing put on right now but we're
gonna pay to mind a few we just finished
playing on swings it's so hot I cannot
wait for you guys see this project that
I'm doing and yeah so exciting
hey hey blood what you doing son what
you doing
look it's fine look he's Oh cute oh my
god Faraz come give me a hug for that
well as you like friends Roger how to
belly games for our teach you a lot
ability since you know what's building
is no teaching up kids ready that's what
you do is like this
comedy never told us
Oh
Oh
Oh
what do you want to travel like sexism
yeah
what you want to go to New York I'm
going to be in here Oh doctor all right
where you going at them ah bigger tried
to go pray in the mosque we just want to
we then like I have to get them lesson
like a class lesson I wanted to get to
know them and get to know them or
yesterday I just met them and knew their
names ages but today I want you to know
more about and so I know a lot about
them now it was the best student for you
they're all they're all right they all
have something really good about my
projection oh my good I saw yeah he beat
me in the den I don't know
ready jump one awful - ah but play a
football game right now and we try to
figure out which teams I don't know how
to play what should be my team wants to
be mucky yeah - yeah a little the little
people you know they want to be my team
and my team you want to go guess so this
is your team no not me this is the
winning team new awareness
yeah I gotta win Adam Kyle and um-hum
well Adam come on Nala for us so much
like the Queen does wha uncle Adam voice
telecom envision you is that I know I'm
gonna let them you wanna come with me to
New York let's go yeah yeah let's go
we're giving away these glasses someone
from the Lumia and gave me this so imma
give it to one of them here so they can
have you know something memory foam
dough do me gang so I'm gonna give it to
Ahmed because you want to be doctor he
said he wants to be duck so I got make
look like a doctor now see
ready dr. Ahmed Ali welcome you got your
doctor's degree now saying you check
your pulse very good yes VD okay
I'm gonna be crazy I'll be bidding you
me nobody can make me more loving that
I'm loving the voices amazing voice we
are about to film a story's foot Lea
like what we want to know is what the
kids some of these kids they don't even
know why they had some of them do that's
right right it's like all the ones do
but like they're the older ones the
little ones and someone who haven't been
told yet so just ask them do not know we
would ask them let them say their
stories of like there's gonna be
touching and I've already heard some of
them and it's just crazy unbelievable
and I'm just happy to be here and just
to laugh with them I hang out with them
I just want to leave from here and they
are - with them remembering Who I am
next time I come back I want me to be
like hey Adam hey hey you know I was
excited like someone comes home so as
you experience right here
I mean Africa your first time in Uganda
amazing experience I made it on the hips
like it's an amazing amazing experience
and I'm so happy that I did it and I'm
like yo yeah I'm just so I'm yeah I'm so
excited to be here it's a blessing for
me to be over here with them and I
really hope I can maybe my future take
one of them to New York with me and see
their reaction see their how would they
feel what by taking her to New York with
me and hanging out with them let them
eat my mama left me my dad mom love them
and hopefully each other one day thanks
for loving the kids anytime there you
guys both love and I believe happy games
that I got so it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you all enjoy this ride did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey if you're enjoying these vlogs in
Africa it is a blessing once again I
just wanna say thank you a lot for
everything for making me go this far to
like achieving my dreams my one of my
dreams was to visit orphanage and it
made me feel so good like my stress was
just gone
everything was just positive so far
amazing and I really want I'm doing this
again tomorrow I'm gonna hang out them
again tomorrow but then I'm leaving
after that but I'm definitely gonna come
back and do this again so it's so
exciting and I really hope you guys
enjoy some of the stories I shared one
of them on Instagram I believe and I'm
gonna be sharing more of their stories
it's so touching I just want you guys to
know their stories because it's so
different and you guys need to know a
lot of people need to know what they go
through what they do on a daily basis so
it's just been crazy and everything so I
really hope you guys do enjoy it and
look forward to the projects that I am
doing here I'm doing one something and
another it's like I'm basically
interviewing some of them and they're
telling me that or their stories and
stuff like that those are the two
projects that I'm doing so I hope you
guys are looking forward to it and if
you guys do want to donate 100 percent
of the money is going straight to the
kids you guys doing a donate to them or
anything make sure you go and the link
down below donate whatever you want
anything will make a difference
something like I don't know if you
donate some type of something it gets to
feed like one whole kit for the whole
month so and it's really cheap here so
if we donate anything it makes a
difference to them so yeah so I'm gonna
say I really hope you guys support them
and show them a lot of love because when
I met them trust me it's just they're
amazing people and I'm not just saying
that because I'm with them and I'm like
oh my god look I'm hearing an orphanage
they're amazing kids that made me smile
was just an amazing time something I
will never ever forget so thank you all
so much I will see you guys tomorrow and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care we're doing we're doing belly
dancing and Uganda tomorrow so I'll see
you guys from I already said it okay I
said it okay I said I'll see you guys
tomorrow keep smiling
I love you
member
