so I just got out right now and it's
like what tool o'clock so God and I woke
up the Ilyas today 10 o'clock I woke up
I got a legit woke up till you shower
everything at 10 o clock and I'm out to
the city right now just see what we got
in store there's got to the city right
now and I'm like the first one here
there's no one here let her slip it out
here as an I here I'm gonna text it and
went to green so that means they're
still in train so wait for now well guys
so right now we're heading to the place
where still is about to do his video so
them so much a video game a little deep
so pretty much I made a funny mixtape
what I heard around Itard worst songs
ever
 made and I can listen to it and
see what they think you know I'm saying
how to make if I'm on missing on my
point of view you know I got no skills
with that we should go back though it's
not like she's a go platinum girl you
know I'm saying we were passive people
hey guys just stop right now we are in
Soho help with some shoot his new video
and yeah I know video should be up
tomorrow on the true story AC channel at
3 p.m. is gonna be hilarious so both of
our vid is gonna be super hilarious
so make sure you guys check out to story
states video and
application video my hat looks so weird
looks like it looks more mine now but
it's not I should kind of chilly so yeah
we're on the train right now we're going
to a different location
it's a Phillies video you have to always
go to different locations because it
depends on what video you want to film
and what type of like five you'd like
our video and wish to do this my words
he was hopefully
I guess we're done filming and yeah this
we can have a video - sorry I see a
shadow so - so make sure you guys go
check it out give it a thumbs up go
turkey we really hope you guys enjoy it
and at least give you guys a smile or a
laugh so our show in New York City will
be located in imma take us all info
right now will be a 30th Street between
between 8th and 9th or something today
the place is called slate slate NYC
that's where we're going to perform at
it's in 30th Street around 8th 9th
Avenue so it's really easy to get there
all y'all do is you want to take a car
train to 30th Street or take the train
to 34th Street and you just walk for
blocks so it's right there in Manhattan
in the heart of Manhattan so you guys
will see it May 30th 1 p.m. the show
starts at 2
oh my god it's give the craziest show
I've been waiting for a shot and I'd run
over so minimize our hometown I know it
wants to invest in growth so makes you
gotta come through it will make it sound
like it's man VIP is you get to me all
of us standard you watch the shows of
anybody asking that's what it is you
gets a crashes service even a
three-month bar slip brother's going to
be able to come single meter fun hammers
and comes up Charlie's computer walking
beautiful families will be living I hope
my family and his family are gonna meet
what man they're gonna come and see
Kendall Kylie and also hat you know I've
officially concluded that I will be
going on a diet because I feel like I'm
getting fatter I don't know why so I'm
gonna be eating a lot of lettuce green
stuff hopefully or Excel so right now
we're in Times Square is a plot Times
Square where a slim is doing a video and
I got my phone right here transcription
look up packet it's kind of joy to I'm
here with Tommy
Mawson he like someone I scare him like
that he has all the Spanish candy around
him and yeah I would give him one but
then he would like I don't know he
wouldn't even like it because he doesn't
like any candy what's up what's up let
me tell you right kit show them I think
is growing some teeth actually he has no
teeth let me see your teeth you see
teeth up up up don't kick your leg on me
let me see if you have any teeth hey
Knight is going a little bit see a
little white squeeze Harry I was gonna
see him with no teeth then I was gonna
see him with teeth and then Michelle oh
you'll see him with beard soon when he's
five six years old yeah jogging yep I'm
joking
and she laughed and I was so funny
what's so funny by Lake nemi like that
huh
why are you looking at me like that you
gained some kind of joke they say no
joke no this ain't no joke it's not
funny laugh on my time my face laughs
one more time on my face
guess who I'm with I am with Lee Mayman
hamdullah she is fine
you may okay yeah you sure yeah what
happened at the doctor huh what happened
at the doctor did give me lollipop to do
the kiddie blue lollipops is good to
give you lollipops yeah me they hurt you
yeah how'd they hurt you
pika
and late you're gonna put the snake on
the doctor yeah
why do it yram why me because he hurt
you yeah so you want me to hurt them
yeah I'm a go right now beat them up
okay anybody go down okay watch out let
me go let me go right now yeah okay by
me kiss i'ma go be done okay say bye bye
are you okay yeah now I'm not gonna be
told I'm beat you up
no imma beat you up up number beat you
up about to beat you up real me I can't
read my camp or else I'll have been
knock them out we can it please with me
when I got these new makeup kit
like so expensive it's amazing
why would you put makeup because it
looks so beautiful oh you could put on
me door buddy are you like recording
yeah alright that baby rocket chick so
basic all right got it so basically I
got a what is wrong with your hair so
basically right now I'm gonna go pick up
my mom cuz I have to go take her
somewhere so that means another three
another like two hours waiting so while
I'm waiting I'm gonna record some
so
yeah yeah let's start the story all
aboard
they had the camera wait wait as in we
sigh as in wave man before the camera
falls sister doesn't doing in video nice
eh hi hello we're going up no no no
juice out where we going on a trip to be
done no wait we're gonna McDonald's oh
that's cool
do you know why I'm gonna McDonald's to
buy me a front pay you are the real MVP
yeah you don't know oh oh oh sorry Irene
oh where the hell do you get a ring are
you married not only married people have
rings yeah only when you're married you
have to hurry do you know what you know
what finger to put on the ring finger do
much wish is that what it was the one
your girl oh yeah oh yeah
verax are the cameras gonna fall in like
ten seconds watch if he doesn't fall
then my name isn't shake up boy I was in
the phone are me do that again
you don't like my left No
it really sounds like you're snoring
snorting million so ladies and gentlemen
I got myself a fish late
it is the I think the most a lot of
stuff in the McDonald's is this fish
flip it is like a sandwich it was like a
one second I will show you you see look
it is a fish in a in a bun fish bun
I am a stopping in the middle of the
street to extend to me a to you what I
got
people might think I am crazy but it's
okay you know so I will review it before
any car comes ly explain to you if it
tastes good or bad ready yo yo oh he
does ignore me I was gonna tell the guy
hi but left me facing back no I think I
may mmm-hmm happy I drop my note if for
the house loves ooh go running back to
pick her up cuz it was a car behind now
to go back around
you guys look like you right now it
feels like you know when you pick up the
kids from school
so right now you guys are the kids in
you as a matter of the bat so it feels
like but okay like this so right now we
were I came out like there's a park to
my left right and there was a fire truck
there right and then um absolutely
people were jogging because that's what
people do in Prospect Park yeah and
Rossi goes you don't like that running
because you're running away inspired
there's a fire there in the fire like my
brother doesn't know that people jog in
the parks you know he doesn't know that
so it was like huh
what'd he say who thinks parts are only
to play in nowhere I see him parser also
the jar I told my mom now my mom called
me she says she's outside alright so I
come here and she's not out so I want to
see her what's her excuse after she
picks up I was doing the best she met
one of her friends in the street and
then she Bobby took her home or
something how she can say go home I'm
right here waiting to her house
shouldn't be you know I'm gonna go die
what the hell I got another vlog view
should he get thumbs up and go granny I
had an amazing time recording this video
and it's it was like just it was crazy
you know it's like a lot of different
reactions or it'll be up this Saturday
at 3 p.m. and we'll let you know the
full details and this Sunday is when our
diamond girls single comes out
officially so looking forward to that
and also the New York City show we have
so many stuff coming up and you know
it's just I wouldn't want to push
everything to you because you know we
don't want to confuse you or get you
guys I like off-topic like oh sure focus
on this I forget that so so we're
gonna break down this Saturday Sunday
and we're gonna promote the New York
City show so all these are coming up and
will let you know for details so till
tomorrow for another it's a daily vlog
that's a wrap
a piece
