hey guys what's up I'm here with an ayah
come on taking her to school and she
calls me Rima cuz she thinks my name is
Rima ever since she met Rihanna for the
UK tour so the whole time she's like
Rima you taking me to school do you like
school I say what up you like scoop say
hey this is liquor the school building
that's you're screwed yeah that's just
school club I remember when I used to
like school I was is a just the fun you
just used to be mad fun just go to sleep
in school at this age play with toys
schools here and you he looks so
different well I think this is nursery
school yeah these are what play cool
it's like you know she's not she goes to
play school our place was like before
nursery oh so she's like she goes and
plays the toys and stuff like that looks
way different like a house the schools
in New York America like buildings and
like somebody I love it miss you oh yeah
I want to see the schools like like the
high schools like the Green Schools
I'm not the Nick someone's uniform like
yeah USA Nick you're a minute you Tim
sir I go so this is a shop that makes
our t-shirts so if you want to get any
any stuff on lines of like that this has
nothing to do with oxide clothing in the
plane we don't work with them anything
like that so it's this so because it's
oxide closing thingy he's been trying to
scam people so be careful do not be
careful do not believe in people out
there
this right there until they let you guys
on our website as I know up Sybase isn't
a link down below so you'll see there I
want to go uh start from for me so
whatever you yeah
nothing shirts in yeah in case wouldn't
it and how often you need them and then
we'll add some okay just let the
printing on as and when you need him so
later on we need to work what are you
working your ad it's another thing you
know internet of thing yeah I mean at
the moment then Tony film therefore
Omega theater said this this this
particular one Adam said he's gonna wear
it sign it and send it back up I want to
keep it okay if I'm gonna wear it for
like a number for holding and send it
out to them so as I'm sure I look you
guys she gonna put it on besides this is
a fit me what if it is medium
I'll find out for you in about five
minutes I'm sorry about them so this is
probably one of the first people that
well I never really promoted this like
that but I am now so let's see how it is
I see I hate putting on shirts because
you mess up to here you got to go like
this
she leaves all new Dino yeah yeah bra
like you like it
yeah nice word for them things better
than machine that I'm I found myself
suspects right there
wait a little bit today
excuse me sir excuse me
wait don't hold on can you come over can
I cannot put on you your your sweater
and Cheryl good
don't leave the only way wait wait oh
Lisa I don't
yeah I'm Adam nice to meet you right you
are out of mine I'm not from here that's
all right
sorry I approached you in a weird way
but just can I put on your it looks nice
like yours your blazer and tie open yeah
yeah yeah he's getting broke can you do
it okay it's gonna be okay
skyla Nisha is it yeah it's tiny how
popular is a treat on how many views
along in a million million yes listen it
loser yeah I hope your on behalf of it
so yeah
the one time it's an hour this is all
the drama that's the picture son are you
in a bad way to vinyl fucking show just
take it off over
I bet even we are all down ha
I don't got a tonight my um there was
this feels good
was that massage kossatch first hush
Shantanu was couch
oh sorry
Oh
I'm sorry you have to get home sir
as a part
take a picture
are you fucked over I'm already back -
sorry sir
which I would I was feeling I was AK
night right here he is a sick sick
singer producer everything right now
we're about to create this this banger
so yeah we're in the studio and it's
hard it's art it's not like YouTube tell
them how it is it's hard work it's so
much fun in its way this way it's way
different than like making YouTube
videos in anything like that but we're
having fun we're having bust and yeah
well everybody's not to feel over here
he's the man he's helping us out
he's been rapping for like 15 years just
cause he's soft out be South Africa
Africa do they have a language you know
Afrikaans speech me it was great oh man
Oh nobody sounds like a little like
jay-z sometimes you're like sometimes
you can sound like jay-z said oh yeah
but sometimes like Kendricks my mom is
the other nas I don't know what do you
something a little weight good singing
me some little wheezy well as I got one
listen keep my booth where you going do
your thing you know right there just
look at them you like tin take a targis
idealistic and I'll just go and just say
what up better biz but but hey yo do me
gank you know what it is people time is
cool do it again more energy and I was
outside again
you
you're taking a little lunch break by
legal get some fish and chips because I
never got fish and chips here in the UK
its coefficient you guys destroyed
values okay why exactly that well up
until an hour ago
I'm crystal here we just got man fishing
cheaply and we're getting something
doodoo fish and chips I'm ready to go
what the heck there's a hailstorm
outside is literally I stopped calling
this is ice falling out of the sky
look
this is crazy oh my god hi so we were
eating and then I was raining it was
like raining ice and we finished eating
and now look how sunny it is super sunny
and beautiful honey this is so weird
the most weirdest thing ever
you
so after like nobody helped us to 1012
hours something like that we're finally
done and I'm so excited for this because
this is just how do you guys feel how do
you guys feel after all this everybody
are good good how do you feel that cause
man I think what I'm a fine example how
do you feel sure it's a sick project is
one of the best things on a long time
yeah I'm feeling I said really move over
there you guys have come out of that
little shit emotional I feel like yeah I
feel like you know we stepped it up to
another level there's anyone I'm not
really expect this well yeah so well
we're not gonna say much about on the
fly could just better what you think not
expect the unexpected
Oh go say go say I want to give away too
much all right yeah so yeah it was a
pleasure working with you time
Yomi thank you so much thank you so much
for having us yeah like I was an amazing
was an amazing time have a lot of jokes
and a lot of people taking pictures like
this you know zayna's on my vision chips
we have chinchillas own had a Hillary
quibbles
we had ice coming out the skies and Sun
then yeah and that was amazing day
amazing night so see ya picture hi guys
time to wrap up this vlog I was a long
long long past two days but we created
some sick to new projects and it's
something amazing I just I still want to
say I just want to I don't hype it up
too much as an awesome before but I'm
just telling you it's I'm not gonna say
another cell but it's it's it's cool
it's gonna be great you guys are gonna
love it I just know it and I'm super
excited for it but hopefully everything
goes well Charla
I am heading tomorrow for the big day
tomorrow we're heading to Uganda so
you're probably if you're when you're
watching this right now I'm in the plane
on a 10-hour flight to Uganda so if I
don't tweet if I don't Instagram or
anything like that far you don't see me
even saying anything I'm on the airplane
and just know that tweet me something
well because I want to I want to see you
guys telling me some stuff you know what
I'm saying I would say what up to you
guys but thank you guys so much for
being on this journey with me in the
past two days for the next 30 days I'm
gonna be like traveling like back and
forth I'm gonna mean places like crazy
places and I'm I'm ready to go on this
adventure with you guys and I hope you
guys are ready to go to adventure with
me if you guys already go on this
adventure if you put it in the comments
below it
know if you guys already because I don't
think I ready I don't think I ready I
don't know I don't know but I'm excited
for you got it's more something really
new and something that I've always
wanted to do in my life because like
I've always noticed I wanted to
experience you know going to Africa
going to an orphanage or orphanage you
know people who don't have mother's or
Father's and stuff like that I want to
go there and have fun with them make
them smile buying up their moods in
person like you know talk with them show
with them just have a fun time or
something like that so I really hope it
goes well
make sure you give this vlog a thumbs-up
and go turkey I'll see you guys in the
airport probably tomorrow then Uganda
the day after take care has been a
tiring tiring crazy but it's all gonna
be worth it just give us some time soon
coming soon I'll see ya soon do me gang
take care or pitch I love
