what up guys so right now I am home for
a bit and I will be doing the healing
thing that I wanted to do format alone
by having done it it's like you know the
bloomin right sorry this is woman right
here we're gonna breathe in yeah okay no
no this is my no oh my god this is so
cool oh my god that was wicked our voice
is just completely changed you can do I
like that one more about nice and sure
did my voice come back did ya order it
again you Hannibal Hum Dil hell are you
doing
yeah you know the first one I chained my
voice yeah I still feel like my voice my
change voice was worse oh hey Jay de
hitori ja
um yeah oh fast
Oh like I hate it
I need a look nice I yelled Allah I
mention the camera way to be yo what's
your name oh you know so please no later
cool noise got out hey is that out oh
yeah is it enough oh no no I think yeah
all right you know to light here
do you indeed this right yeah it's a
super nasty Ola I can't still have it's
literally air bro oh yeah guess who's
coming to our main 38 show me yes is
come visit me what yeah it is quick look
on May 30th I will also be bringing I'm
on and my motorcycle yeah well then yeah
why you gonna come with me yeah cuz a
lot of people love you guys I read the
comments and a lot of people love you
guys wait where we have a show in New
York
performing days are over like I used to
be in plays in elementary school and I
was like you know the main thing there
she sees it opera like I'll try the
third porridge and he said it's too hot
and then we came now your voice mmm I
usually get the voice if you get the
waiter
no it is really bad anyway they will be
coming with me on May 30th and we will
see you there but I have school so make
it a Saturday today so we will let you
guys know the full details when the
flyer is out and we like to know cookie
anyone around the Triborough area from
New York New Jersey Connecticut
California quick talking to that
traverse right Pennsylvania Connecticut
I said that already
anymore for the tribe try screech what
are we gonna do there anyone fun to try
to
area Shi verbal you're from the
tri-state area be sure to come to May
30th at 2:00 p.m. we're gonna dance game
hey guys what's up this is Adam welcome
to a si daily vlogs I went to the
hospital because Rima was there she's
doing like this checkup this test when
he put like these tubes in her nose to
see inside of her something like that
because when she sleeps like I'm I'm
supposed to say this but I'll let you
guys know so you guys can know she's
alright but when she sleeps she snores
and they want to know why is she snoring
so she had to spend like a couple nights
in the hospital to see I don't know why
she didn't have it to spend like a
couple nights in hospital to check but I
guess it is what it is but they have to
see what's causing her to snore at night
and yet she's gonna come back home
tomorrow morning so inshallah everything
goes great and I was in the hospital if
I had my camera and they took away my
camera because they were like what are
you doing with like a camera and we're
just so awkward like they took away from
me like I always see these vloggers on
YouTube were like five like 30 years old
they're they always like anyway they
never get in trouble enough like I guess
with me since I'm probably 21 years old
and I looked so younger I don't know how
immature something to take with my
camera I think I probably into something
stupid and I had no service at all
anything in the hospital I wanted to
tweet you guys talk with you guys but I
decided to show with Remo since I had no
service and cello with audio da Remo vo
cane that will find out what's wrong and
everything will be but handle okay so I
hope you guys can make die with me and I
shall die everything goes well the first
thing I'll update you guys is our new
single diamond girl me shake featuring
mumsy stranger will be out May 3rd on
iTunes and yeah is getting the full song
is good to hear the full song on May 3rd
and it's just I can't wait is exciting
like this might be the next crazy big
thing you might hear everywhere number
two is the New York City show is
confirmed and it is a lot more details
coming soon with the tickets and expect
everyone to be literally everybody
everybody's gonna be there
you're gonna see probably my whole
family there and like half my family the
ones you see on ACM vlogs will be on
stage with us so come through and
turn up with us it might be it might be
the craziest show that we'll ever do in
our life like I'm not even like I'm
either lying or joking like that it
might be the crazy show we're ever gonna
do in our life and it's going to be New
York City around my birthday so come
through and turn up with us if y'all
want is gonna be live you know I'm
saying if you guys won't follow my
Twitter I'll keep you guys updated with
everything on that number three don't
forget we have our sa Europe tour in
July and August so if you guys haven't
got any tickets the tickets are down
below after Ramadan we're going to be
going to Europe for our Europe tour and
that tour is going to be a crazy big
tour in the summertime Paris Brussels
Amsterdam d√ºsseldorf Stockholm
Manchester London and Marrakesh so make
sure you guys come through and turn up
with us there I cannot wait it's just
gonna be so so so much fun
so I can't wait to see you all there
number four
Malaysia that's all i'ma say for number
four and number five is nothing I'm just
gonna open a pill box stuff and I'm
gonna open one thing today so we could
try open up you know one by one stuff
every day or every other day so like
that so let's see who is this from this
is from Sofia Gonzales all the way from
Sterling Virginia thank you so much
Cynthia's allas let's see what we got
he's got a ladder we just got a letter
we just got a ladder I wonder who it's
from
Deez Nuts daddy - Adam open first then
the car so I'm gonna open this first
let's see what it is crazy guys wrap it
up and everything so thank you so much
for that Cynthia oh my god this looks so
sick this is Michael course it's better
be praying because I do not want anyone
spending Michael Kors money on this leg
Cynthia you're joke and Cyndi Cynthia
you're crazy Cynthia Cynthia you did not
get a Michael Kors watch you just oh my
god I don't know what to say like it's
just like why would he do that
Cynthia why would you do that oh my god
I feel bad like I can't like
I feel so bad you're so crazy oh my gosh
like thank you so much but please do not
do that oh my gosh I'm an uppercut you
sit here you are crazy oh my gosh
I never wear watches I'm gonna wear this
forever oh my gosh this is great it
matches me to look matches
thank you so much Cynthia I appreciate
it so so much and it's just Patriots
beanie because you know I like the
Patriots and the Jets I know is like
impossible to like Patriots and I just
matter of fact I'm gonna take this hat
off I'm having a bad hair day and I'm a
rock yo Patriots thank you so so so much
Cynthia the card I'm gonna read the card
at night because sometimes you know
they're like long and I would want to
read the whole essay on like vlog so I
rather read it to myself and read a
person while I'm laying down a bed or
something like that so I'm gonna read it
before I sleep and yeah this crazy like
a chocolate banana watch a beanie and a
card and this is why do me gang is the
most amazing gang ever so thank you so
so much Cynthia let's see what else you
got some sour candy we'll be doing some
challenges with this I'll save it this
is for Rima and Deena it is says it says
you girls remind me of royalty because
you two are beautiful princesses don't
gas them up girl what is wrong with you
now but I'm gonna give this to them
we'll see who wants blue wants yellow
and this says Adam this is a real auto
group oh my gosh oh my god you're joking
oh my god I'm about to cry
you're joking oh my god yeah this is a
real autograph One Direction CD PS you
love them more than I do and much more
and you're a much more bigger fan than I
am so please take very good care of it I
had it since a long time now since I saw
them in concert and met them oh my god
Cynthia oh my gosh this is legit oh my
god Harry touch this Liam Zayn Niall Oh
Louie
oh they touch this
oh my gosh
I'm gonna give you the biggest bear hug
when I see you Cynthia thank you so so
so much this this is it this might be
the best pill box gift like I've ever
gotten like forgetting all the micros
Michael Kors watch the beanie this just
like you're crazy this means a lot the
fact that you actually like sent it and
you had it that's just that's just crazy
I don't even know what to say anymore
just and I really hope I meet you soon
so I can give you the biggest bear hug
and yeah stay awesome keep smiling and
thank you so much for inspiring me and
for making me for making my life
basically you just made my life other
than that I will see you guys tomorrow
with another ASA's daily vlogs I'm sorry
that I was just talking but yeah Rima
I'll keep you guys updated with her and
I'll see you guys soon
thumbs up go turkey team a si and do me
gang you guys are amazing
I love you guys and peace good is sick
