so we haven't checked some fuel boxes
but we will start checking more and more
pool boxes every single day on the vlog
so if you guys do want to send anything
our pill box is pillbox 6 3100 to 9 New
York New York it's right here so we
always read the letters whenever we
travel whenever I'm in bed I always read
them so thank you guys so so much for
the love and support it truly means that
especially our sense stuff is like it
shows that you guys like go out there
and just travel to send us see stuff it
just means a lot it truly means so so
much thank you guys so much I'm trying
to open this but I need a knife oh my
god wait this is another one head this
is the bright one oh my gosh someone
sent me one like this at the same day I
checked it like two days ago and it was
a smaller one and this is the same one
that allows oh my god you guys are crazy
you guys don't have to like ten DS when
I say like oh my god I lost it or
something like that
I truly say I lost it because I had like
so much feelings for my other one
because I've had it since like 2013 and
let me see you sent this the other one I
said no name or anything like that but
this one let me see you is the name
these things don't say any names they
don't have anything and I'm trying to
read what it says but like it doesn't
show like who's are from or like anybody
like uh as I'm guessing the person is
deemed Nina Zane and oh yeah alright
yeah I see it now I see it I'm so slow
hi Adam I hope you can sleep tight now
have fun and give me give my girls a
shadow Oh jump jameelah and D Jia Jia I
love you Nina I love you Ali Nina thank
you thank you so so so much and I'm
sorry for being such an idiot and for
being so slow for ya for not seeing this
cool
it's so weird this looks like a receipt
or something like you just like people
just throw it on just get this and talk
about thank you so much Nina truly means
and I'm gonna sleep with this every
single night so you and with the other
one so I got two now so thank you guys
so much I truly appreciate it means the
world I love you
pitch I'm here with the one and only
Marcin aka the drooler Salah
don't you pacifier yes I know you're not
a baby why you were in a password huh my
son's at that age wake fries everything
is getting so so annoying why cry
everything huh be a good boy smile say
cheese say cheese come on
say cheese uh-huh pick your butt up oh
but not don't pull me like that does it
pick your butt up
mavin matters here you go here yeah okay
okay sorry sorry
grab me okay really okay awesome Google
here's the catch it ain't even web guys
so I just left my house to head to the
city my mom's in the back chrishi there
she is there she is
yeah she's gonna go pick up my brother
but I'm gonna go to the city and she
just wanted to walk out with me so yeah
I'm gonna go to the city yeah I feel
like three times already but yeah let's
see what we gonna do today today you
know the thing about our daily lives is
that we don't know what's gonna happen
we just meet up and whatever happened
happened you know we don't schedule like
yo so today we can go bowling or today
we're gonna go this you know whatever
happens happens so I finally got to sit
ENS matter with Adam and we're right now
about to head out to horn oh there's the
venue we're checking that New York City
venue for the show that we're doing May
30th at 1:00 or 2:00 p.m.
yeah we're still designing so much go
check that out on the Saturday so
everybody should watch out again oh that
was so crazy Saturday and we're gonna
see how it is
so excited because it's gonna be a show
in the inner city and yeah so excite all
our family's going to be there so New
York can't wait know what mom is every
now be there
man awkward as a guy I have like so many
good jobs in my house like that I have
myself almost are laughing at me
quit my job when and if I hear my room
so how do I do everything
like a pin just goes up fuck
well you got pitiful job pins oh yeah
Johnny chill out depends don't put it
anywhere you see like keep it somewhere
safe I got poked with it last time and I
was a good lady right there
yeah I just want to tell you guys thank
you guys so much to everybody who has
pre-ordered diamond girl it's crazy we
are in at number 20 in the UK charts and
I don't know scooter
we're number 20 in the UK charts and
it's just pre-ordered like when it comes
out on i-24 the full song which is a May
3rd that's when it's getting it like
officially show up on the charts of like
US Canada UK and just everything but
right now like a Australia every country
that you can think of I think but right
now like for the pre-orders like it's
been going on so much that so far we're
number xx like we're we're when the
charts are like Drake Nicki Minaj and
like it's just crazy seeing yourself
there so ya know with Big Sean so is
just great so thank you guys all so much
for pre-ordering truly means a lot and I
appreciate it so much
thank you so we just finished eating I
just finished my pizza I hit the crust s
I always have to leave it out and he got
himself some costumes and chicken hey
Marshall eat a lot I didn't know if they
you know why damn son I barely ate my
good this looks so real Allah
I said we just pull it off I lose my
shirt then you will only be through it
all good mana is a good thing is
stretching you it's because you don't
wear Brooklyn you know more epidemic
Oakland was born and raised in Brooklyn
but then I was born a booking for racing
man handsome
fun fact me and Adam were born the same
hospital will see that every time
Rawai always taking selfies it looks
good but I swear you've been here like
20 minutes
oh they look good they look good they
look but I'll take a look at take on I
can't take it out
see look who's there oh I got me some
pasta some chicken garlic bread water
and I'm ready to eat so we just came
back from the location that we were
salute the venue that wishes perform on
may 30th and it was closed so we can't
do anything but we're gonna go back
tomorrow we're gonna confirm everything
and we're gonna check it out buf to
spend the rest of the night we're gonna
be chillin here close couple of club
Bible a plan I won laughter he's scared
he's scared
well this is ABC oh yeah oh watch I got
a paddock of you oh so yeah basically
yeah so now we're even I spend the rest
of my just showing and this is busy our
life actually
so why do you always try and look cute I
noticed that well this is what you do
did whenever the camera come you go yeah
I don't try to rope hey I ain't you yeah
I love you shake you know I read about
true I love how you're always playing
games like your passion for games an
army games in my life man yeah you know
what's my life what you oh I'll ski
right you gotta hear that you gotta you
get it that's cute how you guys after I
got my ps4 I'm trying to become a game
which I'm always playing friends apart
I'm always playing a you got a newborn
girl you got to get into games
why you gotta get what you two three MVS
five and four combat eggs
Batman Arkham City all the real gamers
know what that is so that no games ik+ I
want you have to get out of you know out
of all my drinks my favorite drink it's
coconut water I love coconut water this
is my house your watch where you're
going kid
watch where I'm going I was standing
straight now me quarter you got you like
better Coco it's in my left pocket I'm
at my left one are heading drink
don't rub it here so you go into low for
I get my quarter way you get my key oh
the kitchen Rob get my quarter shakes
Kichi looks like this someone made it
some fan-made in London I got a quarter
I got a quarter what is that
the most ingots this is like uh what is
it red nose day raise money change lives
for red noses I keep the change you keep
it when you put it on your nose
ready yeah Oh what smells
oh no this one like uh oh my god
my nose too big yeah yeah big nose you
have a Pinocchio Yeezy yeah well they
look like clown right now hey turn up
ah you do it do a clown I'll be juggler
I'll do the misery did it oh come on oh
oh such a child make I swear you music
oh I can't breathe this
yeah oh if he eyeballs have the whole
time don't take it don't say cough don't
say rock roll I can't breathe it it bro
why you always recording yourself so you
look like an idiot
now I'm this man on your phone oh I've
already took it oh you look at my stick
there well I left yeah you'll actually
cuter screw you you're you do you guys
know what I like about the night when
you're chilling in like
not yet the talks and the fact that you
could like because a lot as you want no
one give this shit
like no no that way yeah so tell me I
feel negative like say someone to piss
you off sound like a bird yo look this
is the Sheik ah oh oh oh just limp
wasn't it rough I don't know what
indraft noise beats you guys covered
your ass
well I love our late-night walks well a
soul mates my psyche what to apply right
now you Mighty Mouse owes me a month's
call you all right guys that's time to
vlog be sure to get your thumbs up and
go up you're Annie today when this vlog
is up I will probably be doing a yuna so
if I do do it you now I'll post it on my
you on my Twitter and my facebook so be
sure to come and join me
yes about it despite all the stuff you
say so till tomorrow for another essay
daily vlog that's a wrap peace
