hey guys I know the she she made me to
choose the last person I seen it look
really annoying I know you then veneers
is six and I just Linda thank you guys
so much tree today thank you so much I
love you too thank you so much I love
you so I teach a gazelle Sabrina I'm
Miriam so walking in Japan Serena yeah
annoys she Sabrina and Aisha yeah I
don't listen
yeah she even just got here with the
home eat nasi Nass miss you haven't seen
you for a while
good evening Julia hey John you guys
aren't always coming to New York City
for the first time
Tomas it so we're gonna go pick up shape
because he came with a different flag
and it's at a different Airport so I'm
gonna go get him he took this kid about
two hours to come out and now we're
running late to go to Bernie
I should give you a place tough
listen
Oh No is there is a catch up all those
in their beaches
which are again being skating over Anna
degenerate that boys she she didn't come
gonna dish oh she downscaling a little
bit oh I do know you
very very popular bloggers and youtubers
and either they success just seems to be
global at the at moment you're pretty
much recognized in most parts of the
wall now army is that does that feel
really weird um it feels I mean I feel
cool Isaac like a little bit now feel
cool are you voting hello it up he's
passing gas Salvador
o Turks Oh mark you wanna come over have
a good day but I'm not each esta story
no idea how would you like very pretty
like to go go far
yes just are you joking only if you know
how to make us own body go
they manually they're like goats we said
in our valence I read this it did well
so much watching phone so slow I tricks
up thank us
you guys so much for the gifts and
everything for coming through to DBC it
truly means a lot about gay bi carpet
it's all good in the hood
zarab lien was all good in the hood and
yeah Birmingham and we just walked
throughout the whole streets may you
walk in what you guys wrote my name
worth money
you guys might not even know what animal
a name is right there boys right there
look that one your now and stakeout
waiting and were like surrounded by the
car literally like you locked all the
doors
huh you lock all the doors this guy that
they're letting us out we're trying to
go out but they say and I shake a second
I'm back with me we're still waiting we
came and come up we're about to go in
right now and oh oh oh
I don't know
Oh
which ship should come here
I know
left through the back door just hiding
it now something yeah let's make a nice
men take on but you
yeah
we're in stakeout
just do like community meeting recently
scheme so the China tell us we can't go
out it just bring a couple people to
take some picture than now but then you
got so much coming through its amazing
time at some pictures snapchat you guys
and finally seen homies right power the
bad boys of London Illinois beeps yeah
he still doesn't want to tell me where
you got sweater from does because go on
except you don't tell me I'm have to
take it for you don't say yes how we do
in NYC when you get what we went back to
next and so is nearest cow this album
you at the homie or Lamar and he wants
to mention this but right there it's a
charity organization charity is called
you man
vote for Humanity and
he's on the right now say ladies look
look at that
don't be flies that's great I broke I
say my shot knows either guys take it I
say music I made a mistake
to support life and shake down this
phone and never use a phone no way okay
I got a supersonic using in the data I
got it's time to wrap up this vlog hope
you all enjoyed this life if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey thank you guys so much for coming
through today at the stake I'm so sorry
we couldn't get a picture with some of
you but I really hope you guys had an
amazing time tomorrow is the big day
we're gonna be at the boy schecky Mela
we're gonna be performing diamond girl
for the first time ever so I'm so
excited for that if you guys want come
through there's no meeting great I'm
gonna tell you guys that there's no
meeting we're not allowed to do a
meeting me over there so if you guys are
gonna watch us perform show a lot of
love come out and have fun and just come
through the weather might be warm so
come through and have fun and just want
to say thank you guys with a continuous
level support it truly means a lot I'm
thinking about taking a Twitter break
again because I feel like Twitter is
just like just now I'm think I'm
actually deactivating it like just not
even using Twitter anymore
but I'm so like thinking twice about it
or anything like that but thank you guys
so much for a little support see you
guys tomorrow take care or peace like
you
you
