hey guys what's up good morning a do me
gang I just woke up I got no sleep but I
need to pack myself I did not pack I'm
leaving to London tonight and I woke up
extra early because I need to pack
myself I need to do my laundry first of
all and then packed pack my clothes I do
not have my good luggage because my mom
is in Mississippi she took my good big
luggage so I'm like stuck here I need to
do laundry by myself I needed fold my
clothes I need packed on stuff so I have
a long day to get through and then I'm
off to London for the boys Shecky melon
we will be performing Diamond girl for
the first time ever on stage so if you
guys won't come through May 17th to
Victoria Park is a free entry at 2:00
3:00 p.m. I don't think we're allowed to
do a meet-and-greet over there but if
you guys want to come through mr. song
come through and see us say hi if we do
see you guys somewhere else anywhere
else we could take pictures and take
some selfies and turn up and talk what
you got so hopefully I do see you guys
and I need to stop talking and start
packing my stuff in yeah I'm still
packing right now I got some Ed Sheeran
on blast this is how I'm gonna do the
luggage I'm gonna put my clothes all my
clothes in here and I was gonna fit
they're all my sneakers or shoes I don't
bring their and I got my lucky pillow
thank you so much to the person who gave
it to me and yeah this is rimas first
time watching home alone you know movie
that is Christmas it's home alone you
like the movie you like it he's watching
with you huh go get him big hug
come
what kind of creepy hug is that what the
heck was that prick over I'm gonna tell
you something ready ready I'm leaving to
the UK tomorrow because I have to go
there for a couple days to perform
diamond girl yeah I'm going again a
little back you going to the park and
I'm going to London
really you don't care I'm leaving I'm
leaving you and after London I'm going
somewhere else
I'll get me kiss you move but the dumb
eh ok let do me gay kiss your boo-boo
mmm how much you're gonna miss me how
much a lot what's a lot
miss me Allah Allah tell do me gang I
love you yeah yeah cuz you're they're
not gonna see you for like a couple
weeks so say I love you a dummy gang
I'll see you soon it'll call me on the
phone when I'm away yeah but don't call
me so much okay cuz you always call me a
lot and then you talk for so long on the
phone you do then you talk to me loud on
the phone I care and bye I love you I'll
see you later you may get in because you
read do me anybody drinking don't you
got a book give them vicars mmm good bye
ah okay miss you hey hey just maybe Oh
bye bye Martin Lawson in Rhema that's
why I just got to the airport and I'm so
mad you know when you leave the house
and you felt like I forget something
well that happens if I got to the car
and I'm like yo I feel like I forgot
something then I got to the airport it's
not forgot about pillow oh my god I got
nothing to sleep on I got nothing to lay
on that was like my favorite pillow so
yeah it's like two weeks without it so
let me go get me some Cologne I need to
smell good for you guys you this one
right here is where my favorite colognes
pollution are but also like Gucci
which is a good one too but this one is
like my all-time faves I've been using
it like years
Mozza give me one of these I don't even
know
I need something to sleep on that's a
sick picture Justin be really dude that
is dope his hair looks like and over
there goes one direction
Zayn tells you that that's crazy let's
see what Zayn says in this magazine why
we're stronger than ever changes
not as in another group biggest goal is
to be normal just going to be chill
Zayn shares I'm just going to be me for
a while huge part of that downside would
be spit hanging out with fiancee Perrie
Edwards took a couple rich nice money
time but you guys think let's hear
what's more much more here eh what the
heck oh my god this is so weird
why would they do that well Justin be
replacing zinging and one day this is
you can't do that you can't do it them
tanks naw I feel like these magazines
are the ones that create a lot of drama
- would you like to be friends where you
travel
Tunisia like I'm going to London
we won chopped together be friends and
talk show ya know next time so I'm gonna
go eat McDonald's there's nothing to eat
let me get a flavour fish and I'm
messing around can I get the ones with
the little fish beautiful let me give
you a massage
yeah yeah yeah
how are ya okay good
hi guys time to wrap up this vlog I had
to end this blog short because once I
land in London we were not going to any
hotel or anything right we're going
straight to burn me after two interviews
so I will not be having Wi-Fi so a lot
of uploaded right now for you guys
instead of making you guys wait a day or
two from so sorry this is a short blog
make sure you give this a thumbs up you
guys do not mind short vlogs or social
support on the blogs even for short so
thank you guys so much doom again I'll
see you guys in London tomorrow have a
long month ahead of me and I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and Beach
member
