hey guys what's up I am in 34c right now
pulpo ain't coming for me but we're
going to the venue in New York City to
let you guys know and see how it looks
and where to come at for the New York
City show and guess who I'm with
hey shake South Bar we're gonna go visit
it's called sleep with mistake like it's
ghost Lake and watch even you know I got
done but yeah I'm gonna see how it goes
and may 30th is NYC show so this is
closed but the place is called slake
right the slake the street is 30th
Street between 7th and 8th but it's
closer to a thousand use of anyone
around New York Philadelphia
Pennsylvania New Jersey Connecticut I
was a concierge city show link is down
below and place is right here is it's
somewhere so easy to go in Manhattan so
I'll see ya all right so this is your
venue that's gonna be the stage over and
this is rather standing your seats over
here all over here and yes Jamie he's
the one help us up thank you so much man
thanks may 30th right I don't know mate
there you go right there
balcony overlooking muscles even balcony
there - if anyone is up there you still
see us over there and we're fixing up
the stuff and yeah there's any parents
or anything they can fix the couches you
can sit on lay down the couches relax if
everybody wants stand up you stand up so
yeah I can't wait we're gonna be right
there
we just finished looking at the venue
and it is a small venue but it's a
really good location in 30th Street a
tab and that's the only location a good
location that we found so only fits
about I think 200 to 250 people there's
only about 20 VIP tickets left and about
I think 10 or 15 standards left so if
you guys want get your tickets down
below and this is how the seedings are
going to be what we were gonna do they
told us either
100 seats and we can only bring 100
people but we have about like 50 seats
and we can bring about 200 250 people
the rest will be like standing and just
turning up with us so that's all we said
we set the seats we'll keep it for the
parents for the kids or if anyone say
the cap and the rest we agreed we said
we all say that if we're gonna be
standing up you guys hope you setting up
which we turned up and just have a lot
of fun so I cannot wait for this to give
me something amazing and crazy and I
cannot wait to turn up what you got a
wash seat a wash
you
we are in Washington Square Park with
cream just finished filming for his
channel on Friday is gonna be out and
yeah today your amazing time filming it
and it's gonna come Friday yeah thank
you so much for helping me out the
tunnel hold on oh yeah you know it's a
prize like my white actually skip it
surprise I will give us much thank you
my high school was a fun video we're
always gonna be helping each other out
filming for each other and yeah I'm
gonna have fun time this whole summer
even I'm going away for a bit coming
back and I'm gonna miss whole summer I'm
missing it just hope somebody's gonna be
crazy so yeah and Cree was just blogging
with this I don't know what this rad
yeah look at that
it is completely disgusting oh my god I
can't look I came to go near it they got
hurt
oh my gosh oh oh
check again no no I think she tried to
grab it by the back hell no k oh my God
look
are you a flagger
oh you're minor then what I have 60 is
50 got 16 came in today
I'm so good like a much let's see what
up I think it's your brother I got a
black amber - how you doing I'm a black
channel a selection all right how did
you get shut me out son KS a lot a safe
locks you have nice eyes MC searching
from here yeah
take it
you nervous see ya what all right yeah
nice huh
Gregor okay all right look we'll see
what nervous yeah he'll play loose yet
play about when he has nice eyes
you cute to me that's cool
so he just he just looking up a new tube
and now that I see my needs to me so how
many files we get now he wants a picture
that now I want to fix it
so I'll get on it I still love you don't
know all right so at this what is a Thai
Thai food
yes Thailand food Thailand food we're
about to eat some automatic chopsticks
by da way you have this noodles it's
really spicy
you folks I cannot eat with chopsticks
and we have here slim somebody finally
showed up he's like three tank top would
shake regular guys yeah tell me terzian
is your guy what's up hey with the home
over on foot Pakistan and again this
phone is dead yeah as phone is there so
I decided to turn on the vlog camera i
say what i put window just 20 but a
shovel your shout out to my brother in
maryland sod stops out I don't
you're awesome thank you so much at any
time Rose Olga is getting me to back
tomorrow so gonna say let's post come
here just say it already
you see so if I guess austenite time
right now goes 90 degrees say which was
super hot at nighttime it gets really
cold and right now it's about 30 40
degrees less and thank God I wore like a
long sleeve shirt wind so I'm warm and
now look at these guys once a toy lights
it like it's summertime
then we're in tank tops and shorts then
freezes their butts off it goes there
you go yeah I'm calling you hug no yeah
let me run out live with the two
dumbasses who wore short sleeves in the
in this in winter and spring excuse
you more went through your mind when you
arrange that tanked up at 21 I have
another dumbass to do while you ate
short sweet thing Tom I thought the
fight oh yeah Starla since you got super
cold and the only on a swarm in a
sweater I'm gonna stay warm for shakes
of a creme right
hashtag stay warm for shake stomach
cream got my body armor side huh what is
that a chest
hi guys that's all I need if I could
take my dress from the cold I'm good I
was I mean that cold is like 16 it is
cool the supporter of the day is bebe
good I don't know if it's a he or she
but they said Adam you are so strong and
I am so damn happy to see you continue
making vlogs you make me smile every day
even when I'm at my worst I cannot thank
you enough we spent so many hours and
making videos for us and I'd really
appreciate it I pray Allah savannahs
Allah grant you so many blessings in
your life heart heart heart that is so
sweet
I got sound to wrap up this vlog hope
you all enjoyed this vlog if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkish wanna say thank you all so so
much for your continuous support it
truly motivates me so much and it makes
my life and it makes me so motivated and
just inspired so I think you got so much
with that and I and I want to give back
to you guys so everyday I'll be doing a
shout out to a supporter or to anyone
who comments or tweets or anything I'll
be looking for like the best positive
karma are the best coolest I think
comment I'll put it on the vlog every
single day so this one's today was one
you just saw BB shout out to thank you
so much for that and motivated me and if
you guys want more vlogs of me just
lighting like the areas because I love
doing that if you guys do not know I
love like also being behind the camera
like directing or producing and
recording like amazing stuff wanting to
you guys see so if you guys do want more
of like me showing cool stuff like what
you guys saw around New York or wherever
I travel to let me know the comments
below or give this vibe thumbs up and
yeah it'll tell me that you guys will
actually one more see you guys tomorrow
take care team as I do my gang I love
you guys so much or pick
