what up guys welcome to another si daily
rants first of all I want to apologize
for the lack of daily rants that we've
been putting up we have been slacking
but we are now officially back every
single day will be a new rent
today's topic is beauty and I'll be
talking about just you know beauty in
general what does Beauty mean to me
beauty there's two types of beauties
there's outer beauty which is the way
you look and this inner beauty which is
inside your personality or your heart to
me most importantly is your inner beauty
and a lot of people might say oh yeah
that's true but they might not actually
like accept that they might be like
their outer beauty is everything you
know and the reason I'll give you
reasons why I feel like the outer beauty
is not everything obviously when you
look at someone the first thing gonna
realize that first thing in the fall in
love with is their outer beauty you know
you can be like oh she's so beautiful or
he's so beautiful this and that but you
don't take the time to know how the
person inside because you're so dazzled
and you're so like into the person's
face and the way she looks or he looked
you know but I feel like a person isn't
a person through the outer beauty a
person is a person through the interview
you're not who you are just by how you
look you are who you are but a person
who are inside you know if you're cruel
inside that's how you are you're a cruel
person you know you could look as
beautiful you look like Kim Kardashian
you look like Priyanka Chopra you know
you could look like all these bills of
people but inside if you don't have that
same look inside then you're not a
beautiful person because inside is what
lasts longer your looks are just a
temporary thing think about it as you
grow up your looks aren't the same all
the time you know it changes but what's
inside is always there and I believe
people change you know if you're if say
a robber he becomes like an angel one
day that person characteristic is not an
angel I mean not technically a ninja but
you know I mean like that guy is now a
sweetheart he went from being a robber
to a sweetheart everyone has these
changes in their like eyes what's up
today welcome to another day of sa Delhi
rents I know we haven't done it in a
while but we are back with a sa daily
rants in today's top
yes but but but but but but Beauty it is
4 a.m. right now and I'm gonna tell you
guys what's my definition of beauty let
me tell you guys what is beauty so I'm
gonna tell you guys one straight minute
of what I feel is beauty I so I'm gonna
tell you guys one minute straight what
is beauty to me
ready set you count the 60 seconds
because I'm just gonna be saying it so
ready set go
beauty is what's inside it truly is
what's inside beauty is about your
personality beauty is about you being
yourself beauty is being weird
beauty is oh I cannot think beauty it
beauty is being yourself beauty is
caring about others more than you care
about yourself beauty is about helping
others beauties about having a great
heart beauty is about not being cocky or
envious or selfish beauty is about
appreciating life beauty is about being
thankful always being thankful and
always helping the less fortunate beauty
is you baby oh yeah you watch my dick
you beauty babe you it was a beauty
right there beauty is oh my god I cannot
beauty is beauty is Rema Rema Rema you
just love beauty if you watching as she
was a beauty beauty esteem AAS a beauty
is the dome again you guys are so
beautiful truly beautiful inside and out
beauty comes in all different sizes and
shapes it doesn't matter what size you
are it doesn't matter how big your but
it doesn't matter how big your lips are
as long as you're beautiful inside it's
still beautiful no matter what no matter
what it is big small thick thin you're
still beautiful because trust me you are
still beautiful like the way I see
people when every person that I see I
always see beauty in them unless you're
just like a
nasty nasty person but every person that
I see even strangers outside I always
see the beauty in them everybody's
beautiful in their own way so don't ever
let anyone put you down and let you
think that you're not beautiful or
anything don't ever ever ever let anyone
put you down if someone does put you
down you won't hit me up and I'm gonna
come through and there's gonna be
problems you know I'm saying is going me
problems beauty is mostly about sixty
Seconds done it's okay though
beauty is truly about how how you see
your family how you treat your parents
how you treat the babies the loved ones
just the random people that you see in
the street making other people smile
that's that's what beauty is to me
beauty isn't just about looks or
anything like that if it's looks then
bank that's a bonus or stuff like that
beauty for me I always see what's inside
first their personality their
adventurous of their weirdness of their
amazing and then it comes to the looks
then if they have the looks and that's
that's just a bonus but everybody's
beautiful so who cares about the looks
other than that that is my definition of
beauty and I hope you guys enjoyed
today's ACA deal Iran daily rants daily
we love a a daily rant if you guys did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey if you are if you're weird thumbs
up this rent because I want to see how
many weird people we have like I wonder
I wonder for him if anyone is weird like
me like this is what I do for them in
the morning so I really do hope there's
more weird people out there and I'm not
the only one all right I'll see you
tomorrow
peace tas a do me gang i love you guys
so much i'm gonna be out and yeah make
sure you guys get your tickets by si
europe tour this summer
cuz i just gonna be turned up it's gonna
be turning up alright I'll see ya
