hey guys what's up right now we were
filming in Central Park the whole video
is gonna be in Central Park we start a
brand new video took out the idea we had
before so this is a brand new video
definitely I'm filming today and the
weather is beautiful
once again heimdall I'm back with videos
you chat out just live for helping us
film this video so we think I get much
less appeal to my fire yeah he always
helps out so thank you so much efficient
sounds like a mini music better you guys
in Yemen is out there shout outs all the
Yemenis feel better sup man either let's
go sick music woo I got a deer so let's
go say what is my Instagram anything
here poetic philosophy say hi spell ever
uh we all c TI d underscore double
underscore philosopher I think you got
so much way keep it up man keep making
people smile I love him
take it off me go what up guys so today
we are fishing to record our new video
that
having done yeah what we're gonna do it
today we're gonna finish it today the
weather's beautiful and we have the full
to our char let me drink because Adams
over there I have the mic I'm here drink
with the guys bless and drink oh here
yeah we our Mike because it's so funny
you can be like I can listen to
everything I'm saying right now like
Marco could be a bondage with the mic
and I can still hear me come on that's
funny right listen that I'm
conversational what sing my man right
there has a UK flag up on his butt
uh-huh see that what does it follow your
heart or it's just far far far Oh have
your wedding
oh I'm so cute we ever have your wedding
a cyborg never right yeah well it'll be
cute man Oh what almost like a different
come on wedding bro right you know I'm
gonna do mean we have a professional
wedding I like a big hall so I come in
with a helicopter I'm a weapon Lou the
horror that's obviously right now we get
you I'm a couple Mike Campbell so let's
do that
okay wake up tomorrow be on I'm the best
man right everyone
does anyone write lose you want to think
I'm gonna species wedding everything
here the best giraffe yesterday it's so
beautiful
oh he's guys busted guys what system you
got the same princess move I got
monsters be back here guys right now to
film in the video I'm gonna show you my
sub terrace ready Oh
Ricky I can't how long two big trees
have any actually frogs now back home
I'm gonna be putting on a henna tattoo
I'm trying to give myself like a whole
sleeve of a henna tattoo that's not
bored I am right now I was like 10
o'clock and I seen my whole family
putting on henna so might as well put on
some panda tube so let's see how this
goes I'm gonna teach you guys how to put
on how to do a henna tattoo basically I
got you guys imma show you guys that
room is getting sleepy but she's putting
a henna on her hands and her feet oh my
gosh you got one right there oh yeah who
knew he was gonna have a poopy leg and
get myself a whole sleeve like an arm
sleeve so I put these two these are the
ones that makes it like a design we were
ready shopping I like that you know why
not like put it back down so I could be
even then I think yeah I think it's even
like done after that put this almost
caught yeah it's called me sue but they
call up it's to make it like nice and
red and it's gonna be sick I'm gonna
show you guys gonna be sick and now they
put this in I want to put a lot as much
so I can have the six leave and let me
put these watch this
alright so I'll just put on the head now
I just got a weight right now this is my
half sleeve
I got a weight about I think like an
hour or so so it could be extra extra
read but looks pretty cool looks pretty
nasty but this is it's gonna come out
nice this is the before effects while
the in-between effects
so hopefully comes
cool and yes I do it you put a design on
it you put that little whatever oil kind
of thing on this will be read and then
you put it and you put the hand on it
and then you got it and you wait an hour
you gotta keep your hand like this for
one hour
should be good fifty minutes later I'm
nearly done and I think we're gonna take
it off not because I want to keep it for
a whole hour is going to be to to read
but let's see how it looks I'm going to
take it off right now so worried and
nervous so this is the result of my
henna tattoo and it is a fail I should
have put a longer shape see if like I
don't have for two but oops what I got
I'm an idiot next time I'll do better I
got it's time to wrap up this vlog hope
you all enjoyed this flag for dead make
sure you get a thumbs up and go turkey
I'm actually wrapping up the vlog today
like usually we upload the vlogs from
the day before and right now it's about
10 11 so I'm wrapping them to vlog four
or five hours before you're watching I
don't know what I'm saying but yeah
ended up sleeping while I was editing
and I did a raptor luck so I'm wrapping
it up now because a long long day but
tomorrow Saturdays new videos every week
every Saturdays at 3 p.m. tomorrow
video tomorrow there is a new video at 3
p.m. and if you guys do enjoy it make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
extra hard and thumbs up because we put
in so much effort and getting so much of
the material and doing it and we walked
like miles and miles filming all around
finding the right people getting the
right reaction so it took us a while to
make it as good as possible once so if
you guys do enjoy the quality enjoy the
camera enjoy the mic enjoy the audio
enjoy the video make sure you give it a
thumbs up and share it and yeah we'll
see you guys tomorrow with the new video
take care and peace tea may say to me
gang I laugh
member member
