I like to first apologize my lady
forgive me well from our do you forgive
you really let's go straight to it thank
you we love you for those who had and
did not give you bastard
and you know who you are good
go like
this is Union Square for you guys always
packed the weather plan hit 80 degrees
like one man thinks somewhere ready here
you can matter George so we walk into
42nd right now we have we start at 43
right now we're like 30 seconds
this guy made us walk so my nothing
what's the name Adam he's ideal the
bulwark and row come to Fort feel good I
like this all what yeah it's beautiful
and romantic very very very romantic I
like long walks on the beach
yeah like holding hands yeah I love that
we left here let's hold hands for a
block of stevia doctor this really is
rather mysterious put up the sexiest
picture of all time tell aha
akima amazing like the way that I look
at him and the reason camera always be
go get it a big go yeah I got you
so seagulls fly over the sea
oh man so true
I got I got a better job for you one day
who fishes hate the most
Oh
I get a Friday get it fried egg laughing
I hear the left crazier sorry
you're my wife better get used to my
corny jokes both laughing exerts a lot
of energy exactly the year and I've been
waiting feelings with you guys so long
some to try the lapis from you only wait
for one hour that's it our sins down on
my father my phone's out attitude it
looks like you ladies burger yeah do you
know what it is like Neela a choice
really soon well they try people yeah
it's eat take picture Department our
yeah look sexy single front but yeah I
wouldn't get a car like that
voila it's to Finn I am here with Remo
and Jamel Rima is mad I do not know why
and it's asking a lot let Mia
Rima why are you mad sorry closes door
yes
oh that is good doing huh I know I'm new
fee I saw it on her feet uh-huh it's
okay it's my back said okay so cute when
you kiss the wrong foot also see you oh
okay okay okay okay okay okay
remodulate I know you do take kids again
a lot of Roger stuff that also go on oh
wait you guys kiss each other's feet
stop stop kissing feet oh so there's a
lot of ratchet stuff that happened
behind the camera to don't just think is
on camera so many stuffs so many ratchet
stuff happened behind the camera to see
it son guys you guys ready okay let's
rhemas moto
peace on earth peace on the line our
piece off the line which one piece on
the llama
do you guys know that you guys are gonna
be battling Dina and Marcin
you two are going to be battling Deana
and wasn't in a ratchet competition it's
gonna be a lot of challenges so it's
gonna be you two versus Deana and Marcin
watch inland if your uh camera dies
she's not gonna die
well this is is gonna be full time who
do you guys think is gonna win huh is it
gonna be Rima Jamel or Dean and Madison
which one nothing Mawson's gonna win
everybody both you guys gonna battle
Dina and Muhsin and no one don't
underestimate Dina because she's one
years old and my son cuz he's 0 years
old
but both of them they ratchet and
they're crazy so ratchet crazy yeah huh
they to ratchet just like you I like a
dress Rima no no we're going Oh Oh
another thing I to tell you guys are you
guys ready for the New York City show in
May 30th yes all May 3 May 30th oh yeah
yeah you ready who's ready hey what are
you guys gonna do on the show yeah what
do you what else he gonna do dance -
yeah what are you gonna do oh man man
huh and then what that's and then what'd
she say gentlemen gentlemen how do you
know what she's saying he's very much
gentlemen are you gonna dance -
gentlemen I don't know oh no I should
what else you guys gonna do I'll make a
flick don't do a flip uh you wanna do
that flip on stage yeah
who the heck I would throw tomatoes at
you if you do that hey guys what's up
you know what the most fly er
New York City so nasty because like it
dried them your Mountain like gesso
dehydrators alumna
sure
oh oh he violated Oh what deleting it
blazing he let me take him that's right
Stuart was there right with you huh was
he rude serious what do you know I said
I take it something said oh oh that's
grace we just seen Rod Stewart cream
spider and you went out - yeah wait a
sec look if you guys don't know who Rod
Stewart is I know it's my soup I'm
saying no you look up the song if you
think of sex he's the one that did that
song it's really pocket and then he's
look like he's like 80 and he had a girl
she's like 15 sheets of tin play all
ticket in the eighties and then Cruz has
a selfie where he said no that's really
rude and the great thing is I go special
celebrities do that what celebrities do
that it's completely normal
when youtubers do that like they say no
selfie it's like Guinness only World War
three days I'm saying like there'd be
like on our benefit but still like if
I'm a celebrity you know you gotta be
like I check gentlemen say yeah just two
seconds is something we take a look this
is my god we should came right away my
head oh my you got Raj - yeah oh my god
I got some of its please great we're now
getting pizza pepperoni and d-boy guys
go crazy I'm s ha ha
pepperoni pizza was in a yemeni spy in
Time Square
he's banging everything here is 100
percent left 99 child everything is 100
on and tastes amazing so shake really
thinks feeling healthy this is my
everyday one one when one day eating a
salad the next day is eating a
cheeseburger with chicken turkey bacon
this is chicken we're here towards of us
trying to get a game and why the getting
sorry or trouble they cannot make up
their minds you've been here like 30
minutes trying to choose a game there's
a family feud
there's chance I was thinking about
getting this one right
Ouija board and play it at night and
that would be crazy a little scarier huh
oh he's chilling he's dealing he's
dealing yo stop stealing man that's
stealing like how big this place - oh my
god is bigger than your whole like body
who would eat this totally oh this is
crazy
alright guys so what are your thoughts
the challenge is coming soon what do you
think is gonna win is it gonna be Deena
or Rima uh-oh what oh oh this is gonna
be a crazy gonna be a Floyd Pacquiao
fight you guys you guys are ready so
Deena what are your thoughts you're
gonna win
oh are you putting at them a save lives
you point at teammates a team a say
they're gonna go for you
oh you gonna talk like that okay
Remo your turn come read more come okay
so Remo tell us your thoughts who was
gonna one more thing guys already you
guys already say yeah
I'm just jamming to some music I'm
editing and while I'm editing I decided
to vlog this because I promise you guys
and I can't break my promise ed if you
guys get 20,000 thumbs up in less than
24 hours in our latest video and true
sorry say I will be doing phone calls
which I will this week I'm just finding
the right move I couldn't do it eh let's
do it today but then I like I was is my
family all day like my parents you leave
it to Mississippi tomorrow to go over to
my cousin ads like book their flights
and fix up everything I'm so sorry if I
can't be on Twitter like that just
whenever I'm not on Twitter I'm either
vlogging or with family handling our
family problem or something like this
whole issues like so much stuff is going
on and just I feel like sometimes I get
depressed from it but I have to let
everything is fine and you guys always
do help me on bringing up and make me a
stronger person so I do really guys
positive tweets and stuff like that so
thank you guys for that I did promise
you guys I was going to tweet it I said
I'm gonna no it's mine breathe in
breathe out
my crush um so yeah it's don't know it's
don't like I don't nobody like taking it
like serious so far that was like a
crush it's like a you know it's like a
baby crush I didn't expect you guys to
get it in 24 hours but you guys got a
less than 24 other guys I mean I don't I
do not underestimate a dooming a
teammate say I know you guys always do
go hard but like I thought you guys
would get it in like a day and a half or
something like that
so but you guys got under day and I have
to I said I will show you guys two
crushes oh my god that sounds so
horrible you have two crutches but I'm
gonna just show you guys one today and
we'll see how it goes
and if it goes well I'm sure you guys
other one tomorrow oh my god oh my god
alright alright okay so alright so this
week I'm gonna be doing the phone calls
just remember that and here it is imma
show you guys the crush and I was going
to tell you guys on Twitter but then I
was like might as well just say it and a
vlog and yeah okay I see it now
alright I don't know I'm still kind of
like I guess I'm not ready to show you
guys so I think I'm not gonna show my
crush but this is what I will do I'm
just gonna show I have to give you guys
something I have to
us I'm gonna just show her nose and some
of her eyelid so yeah I'm gonna show you
guys already oh my god
all right this is it can you guys even
see it all right can you see now yeah
see some of the nose can you guys all
right fine fine I'll give you guys a
better picture and it has a little more
of her eye all right here it is okay
that's it oh yeah that's it that's all
showing and I've known see how it goes
today with Twitter and the comments and
yeah I promise you guys I'll do it so
see how this goes and I'll let you guys
know maybe I'll let you guys know who's
my next crush and the funny thing is
this person like it's one of you guys
watches our videos and supports us and
shows us a lot of love and just gives us
a lot of positive tweets and just you
know just seeing an amazing personality
from you guys and a lot from that is not
just looks and like just seeing a lot of
prep because I just talked to you guys
and I see how your personalities are and
if you guys crazy ratchet you know cool
so it's not just um looks looks are just
a bonus so alright other than that it's
time to wrap up this vlog hope you all
enjoy this vibe if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey thank
you guys so much all the love and
support you guys always show every
single day
I truly appreciate it so so much ta say
adieu me hangs here so you guys make me
smile so so much and I really hope the I
at least make you guys smile or bringing
up your days so yeah I appreciate
everything I do and if you guys are
around the NYC area makes you guys come
through get your tickets down below ace
a Europe tour get your tickets down
below if you haven't pre-ordered diamond
girl it is out our first single it is
out and get an item just type and
diamond girl and you'll see it I'll see
you guys tomorrow
take care and pitch a line
member
