what up guys welcome to another AS a
daily rants today's topic is about Zayn
Malik leaving one direction to be honest
from my point of view I feel like that's
a huge tragic event because as we all
know one direction is probably the
biggest or the most popular band right
now you know like 90% of the world knows
them or 74% one of them 75% of the world
knows one dark and when a member leaves
it forever or not forever when the
member when a member leaves it it's like
it won't be the same that's what I feel
I feel like when a member of a team or
group leaves it won't be the same I'll
just be different and then my leave in
one direction is it just changes one
direction right you can't look at one
direction the same anymore you know like
when you look at one direction you'd
think of five guys five guys you think
of five guys you think about you think
about all the singers Harry Luiz Niall
Zayn who's the last one were missing was
it again Harry Zayn Dewey Niall Liam and
Liam there you go
you know like when you think I wonder if
you think of all five there but when
someone leaves it when someone leaves
that group is just one direction which
is different but man I respect the
amount decision of leaving I mean I'm
not saying it's it's a good idea but you
know it's his decision you gotta respect
it you probably has his personal issues
you probably had issues that we don't
know about you know every group has
issues it's like so hidden you know it's
not like everyone knows about it it's
like no one knows about it you know it's
probably that argument probably
something with Zane's girlfriend or you
know there's so many stuff that could
happen inside between them that we don't
know you know like us as true story I
say me and Adam have issues all the time
we have problems all the time we have
always we always argument stuff but
would you know that no you guys don't
know that because our arguments are like
Loki like we don't wanna publish that
argument there are times where I want to
just choke out I'll just throw them off
a cliff you know but there are other
times they just wanna you know like hug
them and and and
and like feeding the world you know this
is this time like that but you guys
don't know that because we don't wanna
we don't want to show our problems to
the world seem with other bands you know
other groups other teams they don't want
to show their pumps to the world so you
don't know what's gonna go on you know
what's happened between them so probably
zine had his own reason many people are
like cursing out what's name naughty boy
or the producer guy it was like Kirsten
Nevada like Oh fu this and that and they
like goes in my comeback to one
direction because it's people started
hating Moloch to the left one direction
you know there's so many of these tweets
that I'm reading and it's such read this
because you know probably has own
problem that has go through and are you
gonna add more problems to that by
treating those tough but personally I
feel like all fire them together were
amazing and once separating just you
know it makes them odd but you know it's
a matter of life decision right here
same I chose to left I wanted to go solo
and the rest of the force would continue
as one direction so there's nothing to
change about that you know it's their
own decisions it's their own problems
the only shoes they'll have to solve are
all by themselves so that's what I think
about Xena I believe in one direction
comment below what do you think about
Zayn Malik leaving one direction and let
us know till tomorrow for another s a
daily rant that's a wrap I didn't even
know how even why my sweater is ripped
but yeah
hey guys I'm Adam from true story si and
welcome to another day of Si Dooley
rents today's topic is about Zayn Malik
leaving one direction and yeah I know I
haven't said anything much about a lot
of did on Twitter but yeah that's that's
pretty much a big deal and I'm gonna say
my thoughts on Zayn Malik leaving one
direction alright so yeah I still can't
believe it because I don't know I just I
just can't but in the beginning like
towards maybe last year I noticed I had
a really had a feeling
Zayn Malik will be the first one to
leave not not just cuz I knew it or
something like that just cause like I
saw it whenever he was like on shows and
stuff like that he just looked so bored
he looked so mad like like something was
behind the scenes that I was getting him
you know really mad that didn't make him
feel like you know it's him and stuff
like that and I'm not gonna lie to the
most Directioners or or you know One
Direction fans
Zayn Malik is I feel like this is my
opinion I feel like he's the best singer
out of them five and I feel like him
leaving one direction even if he does go
as a solo as a solo artist I feel like
he will still do really really good cuz
mashallah he is really talented and just
imagine one direction without Zia Malik
like who's gonna do those high notes
who's gonna do the the you know the you
and I hi know who's gonna do the the the
more than this hi know who's gonna do
without those high notes is just like
it's just gonna be like something's
missing but if Zayn Malik does a whole
song himself and it has all the high
notes and stuff like that
I feel like it'll it'll be amazing
that's that's what I feel like I'm gonna
meet tweeting probably come up a couple
months ago like I treat her like a
magazine Malick makes his own song or
makes his own album and then just a
month ago he just yeah he leaves one
direction I'm like what the heck and and
I've I've always I've always been a fan
of Zayn Malik not just because he's
Muslim or I've been a fan since I swear
since like during x-factor days just cuz
like the fact that the way he dresses I
love the way he dresses out of the way
he his relationship with his bandmates
his the way he is I know some of his
sisters family they're just super duper
nice and his voice his high note was
just amazed he's an inspiration and and
and I I find them really like a really
chill guy and really cool and I feel bad
because he's getting a lot of hate and I
can kind of relate to it because just
some people assume stuff right away like
the song he had I won't mind song a lot
of people assume that it's like oh you
just didn't care about the band he
wanted to be a normal 22 year old he
made that song but a lot of people are
swimming stuff because of the guy
naughty boy who was just you know making
it even worse on Twitter so like that
but I this is what I heard I heard the
song was been recorded like a very long
time ago for the One Direction album and
stuff like that but a lot of people just
assuming that he recorded it right after
he left and giving him so much heat and
give him so much death threats oh my god
she doesn't deserve that you know he'd
been through a lot pretty sure his his
old management he had they put him
through so so much that he never liked
and if he feels like he wants to go solo
and do his own thing and just kill it I
think I think that's that's a smart idea
of him I know it's a really hard
decision because he's leaving like his
whole group his whole friends pretty
sure his so gonna be friends but he's
gonna go solo and do his thing then let
him if you wants to do that he wants to
if he wants to become a youtuber you
become a YouTube if he wants to become
something he wants to then he can do
that his decision as long as he you know
still uses them high notes and then we
gonna be good you know what I'm saying
bad feel like you know it was a hard
decision by the same time if that's what
he feels then it's a great decision and
Shalala I wish him all the best and I'm
looking forward to his songs if he has
any coming soon hurry up if he has any
coming soon it's very exciting and at
the same time very like very curious
like when is he and what is he gonna
tweet something come on like do
something he stays quiet about it and
then he just doesn't say nothing until
something else and with naughty boy I
feel like naughty boy I they're like I
know some people who know naughty boy
and they say like a lot of good stuff
about him but naughty boy gets a lot of
hate and I've heard like this is what
I've heard a lot I've heard a lot of
good stuff about no idea but on Twitter
he's seen us like this really like bad
guy because this and that but maybe some
people who like some people don't know
how to use Twitter and the way they go
on Twitter they seem like ah man you
don't like him so like that if someone
I'm actually nice well I don't know I'm
not the one to judge or anything like
that but yeah I really hope Saint
Malakai wish him all the best with
everything in each other
smiles for him yeah that's pretty much
it I'm just gonna I'm getting I am like
oh I'm gonna miss one direction I'm
gonna miss one direction as a band
but boy bands even in the past they
always break up and I feel like Xia
Maliki probably did make the right
decision and yeah it's his time to shine
it's time for him to do him so yeah you
do you and i'ma do me okay all right
yeah it's pretty much it I hope you guys
enjoyed this rant you guys let me know
your thoughts in the comments below what
you guys think about Zayn Malik leaving
one direction what do you guys think
about that
I end with the other bandmates they do
have amazing voices on all of them but
in my opinion I feel like saying Malik
not just cuz he's most not just because
he's Zayn Malik I feel like in my
opinion he has the best voice of all him
he has that nice like R&B kind of high
note voice RB kind of like it's natural
like I love it like it's I'm not alright
that's all I'm gonna say but yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this rant if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey and I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care peace
