hey guys what's up right now I am in
59th Street East Side I'm waiting to go
meet up with slim
not today we're gonna go meet up with
cream I'm gonna go watch fast and
furious shove him
I don't know having a shake I think he
got like a I got like a parking ticket I
don't know why it hasn't been shown up
the past few days that's one thing I hit
my shake he just never picks up his
calls or just never shows up and just he
stayed he disappears like like what up
with that son i'ma come around of tea
house if your dad isn't like scared
because shakes dad is like really scary
well yeah like he always got this mean
face up
like a slim right there
does he see me
neither soon man I'm here with the whole
new slim
why not wait till go get a lot of guys
just be hungry
I don't know and it's so cold like I
don't know we're just turned to like
that's generally good Judy's goes Matt
nice to know so it's my basic skinny
Elvis idiot warm again let us tell them
welcome to Naruto
usually everybody on there's tourists I
feel like ready soon
I finally got the song our song diamond
girl it's I got the master copy I'm Lola
you know it so here put on headphones
hey you're gonna be listen first he's
the first one to listen to the master
like it's official like that's the one
that's gonna be on iTunes pre-order
night so that April 26 I you can listen
and then after that I want I supposed to
copy to go that I got you don't nice the
sinister
it's so weird time no don't see it oh
those things
be sure to shop
it's not I want to keep everything like
a surprise
smart oh this guy already knows the
lyrics oh my god
Oh
hi that's a cut that's it you enough hey
J he's crazy
shit this
I see
he's done listening to it be honest you
thought - lightly Highness boat I was
like house I was like if you doubt them
like money because I know a lot of you
guys be like oh you're diggin the song
whoa let me consider singers that used
to pers but yo this shit is hot bro you
see this fire son
this shit is hot diamond girl we all
around I do it is to be honest I know we
are youtubers but sometimes it's good to
try something new and do what your heart
do what you feel you know be creative
you know cuz you don't look back at this
day when you're 40 50 is old my why
didn't I just do that when I wanted to
do it so that's pretty much the reason
why it has a good message to it and yeah
so so don't really hope son I feel about
it haters over gotta give the chance to
be fly up take a chance take a chance
nice so we're heading to creams house
we've got some hell out guys after
creams house we're gonna play some games
and what we gonna go watch seven it's so
excited I watched every single one fun
me too man but I just
you're hurting me to matter bullshit I
know you heard out that ends like so sad
so I'm just I'm I got the tissues ready
ready to cry the onions next to me I'm
excited watching let's see how this goes
right now we are creams crib playing
Mario Party 10 yes what's up guys how
y'all doing I was just like Jake Shane's
coming yeah he's coming now we're here
with George Georgia what up
Oh what's up guys slay himself Mira
missed it was good who started it all he
did be rolling I'm real all inside ring
he's Bowser and where I'm toad yes
as my sir yeah we should've like that
because like I don't know if I'm getting
my oh man yes I'm sorry guys I want to
play a game is it okay it's all movie
theater right now and shake finally want
to show up super late he's gonna call
him what creamsicle is gonna tell him
that we're not gonna show up it's like
another 20 minutes and shake no shake
are you there yet all right 20 20 more
minutes all right
did you did you get tickets it or not
yeah go ahead wait do you guys all right
20 more minutes all right I know I know
but like these guys that they playing
like a quick like quick match a smashing
shit yeah
21 minutes right we'll get the later one
man throw everybody yo I getting angry
at me man tell these guys these guys are
playing the game for so long we're here
right now where are you you'll be the
boss
because scary this is look it follows
you're like oh what thank wherever you
go follows wherever you go follows it
like I said we just got done watching
fast and furious 7 off it was crazy that
and they was so sad I was about to start
crying but I was with these guys and I
don't want someone I destroyed so much
you're the middle east tonight oh man
they put the middle east of the road
they're gonna give a spoiler keep moving
Oh spoiler you gonna see you know the
Arab bargains yeah oh my god
this is how we go
I just had home and then after after I
go home I just had it shake this his
head in editing we send it to each other
put it up recorder ring next day well
you see a Superman or something
you can um see Batman Batman
Robert sing it nothing gonna go fly do
something cool right you're such a
lame-o sleeping over today oh nice guy
right back oh oh how can you leave us
door only mohel open opening
they took blood out of you and I oh man
look at me
is that a master is that master is that
me that's funny you know retros head of
mask is a real fish come on man you
loved me Rob ruff ruff yeah
my name is chic and I love to eat cake
I'm not fake I am real let's make
hi guys
time to wrap up this vlog hope you all
enjoy this vlog if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go turkey truly
means a lot to every single one of you
always do watch a vlog every single day
and watch our rents every single day we
do upload every single day so make sure
you all subscribe if you haven't
subscribed to this channel we are gonna
be uploading a new video on our main
channel the warm weather is finally
going to be back like officially back
today's cold weather tomorrow's cold
weather you got like super cold and it's
finally gonna be more weather so we are
gonna be having made channel videos
probably a lot a lot more than we did in
the winter side because that's one thing
I hate about New York you can't film
when this is so freezing you can't do
anything like you just can't so the warm
weather is coming expect a lot of videos
yeah I hope to see you guys tomorrow
team a so do me gang I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace I like like
a lot like a lot
