what up guys so I'm in someone someone
else's house today and obviously being
over today today I started the date hot
off really horrible I got three tickets
because my liver loves in the back -
forgot to put the seat belts on so I got
three tickets today it's like four or
five hundred dollars but you know the
first for everything and today I'm in
his house where we sync Cydia hey
there's a jar Varkey yeah what that was
that what is it that mean if if it chose
Bournemouth vomit huh
if it isn't Charles vomit what is that
mama is when you throw up or vomit yeah
you said bomb it yeah Bobby's no not mom
and save ami oh good I'm playing this
poor guy right now and I'm losing 8 ball
pool yeah but I find it poor boy what do
you call that because a little lick
can you speak clearly to me like speak
Minami huh good Mikey don't go no what
does that mean what are you doing
I know say um say I look very nice today
it makes it look good look at her so
what'd you say honey which video did you
watch this is 2 meters I can't wait
anymore
not said what what do you think quite
quite and and I watched the video that
you
were saying how you guys met was that
the end you study on you but you may
tell me they let you marry today I've
been doing it again and again with is
really are you such a girl when I told
her what I probably thought I was gonna
get scared you guys like feel you guys
make me feel so buff say I'm ready right
now
he charges me we're suing this room
these bridges sauna
Yaman how did the bird guide the cage
they're gorilla
Oh
fight fight fight fight night but yeah
these are the most annoying things cover
your facial early your cheek come home
now
what's that thing what's that lyric that
you were there I'm sure the magazine
video another like a blog video a thumbs
up and go Mariani yes so we're gonna
spend the night in their house these two
right here we're gonna be spend the
night and yeah just our basic basically
Harden is gonna go hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog till tomorrow for another a si
daily vlog be sure to get your tickets
for at AAS a Europe tour as soon as
possible because before they sold out
you know you want to get the Minami
there yeah so till tomorrow for another
that's a wrap peace
what are you doing
tortilla dancing huh good let's go get
that oh hi guys right now me and Rima
we're on set of filming our skit it's
gonna be up on a vlog Channel you
haven't done a skit for a while
ready yeah enjoying it having fun you
know having so much fun
it's called the super Arab 90 super Arab
nanny sorry the super Arab nanny and
it's very exciting and something new
episode 103 ma do you guys want a few
guys what episode two with jamadar
episode three with Deena episode 4 with
my sin episode 5 with Hamza episode 6
herelet make sure you go to the video
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey
I want to see if you guys do like skits
like this so if you do give it a thumbs
up and I will do more with the Addams
Family and it's super Arab nanny
there is Queen Latifah I'm just super a
tonight okay I'm the super but Adam Matt
name you think this is funny
hey try try me you missed I got start to
wrap up this fog hope you all enjoy the
vibe if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey I really hope
our daily vlogs and deli rants and our
skits have been brightening up your days
since we started it has been just making
you guys smile since we
ever started making videos so I just
want to say a huge shout out a huge
thank you it's every single one of you
teammates say do me again you guys truly
always have a Backson you guys truly
always you know are always so supportive
so you know inspiration you guys truly
inspire me you guys motivate me to do
what I do so thank you guys so much and
i truly appreciate it we are going to be
having a new main channel video coming
soon so stay tuned for that other than
that that's pretty much all I got to say
other than if you're having on tickets
for your city for London Manchester
Paris Brussels Amsterdam d√ºsseldorf
Stockholm Marrakesh yeah pretty much it
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care
peace
