yeah biggest mass critic a big yeah but
I didn't daddy anti-muslim so maybe they
have not yeah well not like people from
Indy that's already yeah quit yes you
don't have to my outside I don't know
what's up I'm here with Marcin and and
who real Rima what okay sit down sit
down side be a hyper how are you I've
asked you a lot of questions this for so
long like you've been on a summer
vacation Rima huh what did you do in
school today show me that what is that a
ladybug with what let me see it it's a
ladybug with your face on it you're a
ladybug you like ladybugs yeah yeah what
are you missing
why have you been why have you been a
crybaby lately missing has been a really
crybaby take out I have that wrong huh
Marcin has started to look so much like
Rima like it's crazy changing you know
what are you doing you're fixing a
ladybug he's here we rip it mr. garbage
okay no why is rip I need to go I'm a
dog are the dream okay what you worked
hard
yeah but still I'm throwing garbage in
here no I have to mustn't go mental
garbage yes or no yes he said yes he
said yes he said yes yeah do you like
you say she's on that sea say yes no yes
yes yes yes yes yes yeah okay oh my god
that's good yeah a kiss is moron okay
him you can't pick him up you can't pick
him up River let me see you try try to
pick him up huh alright remove okay
that's it that's discussion discussion
list don't you put it on put it now put
it up but no but no put on muscle aches
it - he's like skip it so sternly
let's go Stan let's go let's go Stan oh
let's go on and see you walk okay
take a walk let's go let's go whoa look
at how your cries cuz we will have to
watch it happen watch this when I leave
all right you know I lost on that lizard
hello yes look he seen my dad okay go go
and go out guelph like five seconds he's
gonna go up watch this he's kind of
Muhsin loves my dad so much one
like is he required to watch to watch
question see is quiet he loves him so
much they hang out like literally 24/7
Russian Muslim huh such a crybaby huh
say Christ gap I'm a kicking a tomorrow
I'm doing some to my little brother
stuff kick game Oh get out
hey new hike again I'm doing but it does
know hey guys what's up right now we are
what we do just finished eating and we
just wrote down the surprises that we
have few glass team hey Ã©se so we're
gonna be letting you guys know all the
surprises one by one little by little
and I'm so excited for it because 2015
halle will be a crazy crazy yeah should
we say some of it first of all first of
all we're sorry that we didn't get to
put up like videos recently no no no is
very Saturday now select let me finish
okay so you see the problem yet um it
was very cold in York City to be caring
and cold drinking involved who said that
like to me time you're like sharing you
know now I'm so we have people tweeting
like oh why don't you get me yeah we
uploaded one last Saturday uploading one
today Saturday and the next acts every
Saturday at 3 p.m. so get ready throws
give me a lot of crazy videos hopefully
she'll that well can we have diamond
coming out first every single it's
coming out tomorrow I see the museum
under pre-order yeah so make sure you
guys preorder it and I'm not gonna say
them because kind of got leaked I don't
know some website leaked it by accident
and shoot you guys and gone so you guys
still hurt it
I guess hope you guys still do pre-order
and stuff like that a May 3rd May 3rd
the song will come out officially on
iTunes and May 10 the music video will
be out I know something new but I
promise you guys it's fire
so yeah I'm so so excited for
predominant girl and I'm just so excited
for like to perform with you guys if you
guys see it I really hope you guys do
like I think I'm thinking something cool
girls come play about me move ahead you
move your head so I move my hands like
this diamond girl fire way but we have a
lot more surprises and yeah we'll keep
you guys updated everything thank you so
much teammates I'd like for you guys
yeah your haircut is the same thing
about if you like it I change this is
the barber barber so what do you want
today chic yeah Elma just make me like a
toothpaste or something I'm got you
Crest toothpaste I made his hair like
black you guys I'll do that all night
Barbara so would you like for your hair
today Adam just give me anything you ate
this morning Barbara say no more noodle
you get it get it
um know who's talking we're talking
between checkable you guys okay so which
one do I look at right now no one right
now you know one look so right now we're
doing the whisper challenge yeah it's
better than you she can't hear anything
because she's up right now and let's
begin
Patty's make the best jar I use my
favorite Jam 5 years a dare okay pack
and make the best Charo
Palestine is your favorite country pakis
make the best gyro thank you do better
than Macaulay's so not you she would
never say that or about that but see you
see that no she didn't see I don't even
know what you're saying right now I'm
sorry he did see it
you said you say it again yeah yeah yeah
no pakis
make the best Charles Patty's love gyros
ooh close close close ok pakis make the
best Jerell package make better gyros
completely on true
no here's a close not my words though
Hagi's hankies make the best gyros make
the best gyro there was that hard yes
please stop doing that
I got headphones in my ears and water on
my hand one direction is my favorite
band
oh no I want my floor to smell like more
like 40 Oh
I want his veggies smell like he's away
at boarding school
Thank You Sarge yourself huh no it's
gonna add housey Oh like what Oh My Damn
um I love a koala what I look like a
koala you look like it's not exactly is
it no but I'm sorry no I am she looks
like a Kowal apparently she looks like a
koala bear
no what is he saying we said or your
your your eyebrows look like
caterpillars my brother on fleek yeah
yeah yeah exactly
sure yeah are you going to changing it
you're not doing a solo
no no I go um you're a beard look like
your beard looks like electrodes your
tongue Amira husband beard you your
beard looks like Osama Midlands what
your beard looks like Osama Bin Ladin's
my beard I sing something right your
beard looks like Osama Bin Ladin's
my brother Fahad looks like your dad
brother Bart brother Fahad looks like
another Farhad looks like your dad she
said brother fuck my dad dad you know
subway
director ha ha where's my hat no no you
look like a movie cheater you look like
a cheese move doesn't count
you look like a Pakistani cheetah math
teacher no you look like a Pakistani
cheetah you all right I'm pointing you
look like a Pakistani cheetah looser yep
you look like a Pakistani cheetah I look
like one Pakistani cheetah
wait what I'm pakis
Danny cheetah tricking Chia cheetah you
look like a Pakistani cheetah Cory go
look like curry
I look like curry no you look like a
package no to cheer man like a cheetah
like a Pakistani cheetah
you look like a Pakistani cheetah I look
like a ha case Danny Pakistani cheetah
what the hell you say yeah I look like
curry
yeah what are you yeah kids gave it to
me hi guys it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you all enjoy this vlog if you
did make sure you give a like a thumbs
up and go turkey eyes are doing new
intro because yesterday's vlog didn't
wanna upload so we have Flag on Saturday
today instead of yesterday so sorry
about that YouTube has given us a lot of
issues with the processing but hamdullah
it is working right now in the new video
is finally up or will be up around 3
p.m. if you're watching this right now
at 2 1 2 p.m. Eastern Time
make sure you guys go on you and I are
you know calm such true story a say I
will be on You Now countdown until the
new video of me getting pranked and
Shila all goes well on that I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another Asin vlogs
and hope you guys do watch the new video
the link will be down below go give it a
huge thumbs up for the people who
pranked me because I feel I still feel
so bad till this day so go show a lot of
love too I'm not gonna go read the
comments because I know it's gonna be a
lot of hate comments and stuff like that
but I'll see you guys soon take care
team arrow
adieu me gang I love you guys so so much
pshh I love you a lot
I'll fight for you baby
member member
