Batman they kept staring yourself
sunlight come through me what's up man
how you guys doing each other be good
man what you guys doing right now watch
a movie I like that house good man be
good don't do drugs stay in school don't
be like them
all right love you guys hey guys what's
up do me gang this is Adam Saleh and I
hate losing my voice but I lost my voice
in sneaker con I also have some extra
vlog footage from City of York on that I
did not post yesterday because I
uploaded my first class experience video
Emirates so yesterday was a really
really dope day even though we took the
L but was still really really cool
because almost every single Middle
Eastern youtuber work together and
everyone was chillin bonding and having
fun and seeing that you know melted my
heart it's nice seeing you know all the
Middle Eastern youtubers together thank
you I love keep coming to you you keep
doing positive keep negatives out your
life make you at all given the do me
yeah I love that man I love positivity
love peace unless you gotta you know
take it on you know the boxing skills
buck but I was with literally every
single Middle Eastern youtuber and we're
all together I was with the homie
Brandon bharata's
I was also with the home
now we're getting a phone call from what
cus
guys I'm also with the homies Ronnie and
rocky the brothers right here the
homeless will say thank you guys so much
they came through the city good con la
me was literally you he was a dope dope
photographer the pixi got are insane I'm
gonna show you guys and like either dare
to because he gives it to me and i'ma
show you guys this Instagram pic my
camel and Rocky is right there - homie
right there we're gonna sneak a con
again to see Slim's three-point contest
we're gonna see how it goes I'm ah I see
you guys the next shot in Douma gang
we're on our way to sneak a con this is
day two they were supposed to have a
three-point contest but they cancelled
it because I believe the boys are
leaving tonight to LA so all of us here
the New York the East Coast people were
gonna go say bye to the West Coast
people and the Dubai people were like
the New York crew right here and we have
the LA crew which is Caius Ahmed logy
and then the bike ruins more vlogs money
kicks also bharata's he's part of the
Cali crew so we're like the NYC you know
say we're always wearing coats and stuff
yeah it's freezing cold here so we got
to be nice you know we got to show that
western side that the eastern besides
cool and they say no to pot big years
you don't say my bliss is gone I lost my
voice because I was yelling at slim in
the game because he was trying to fight
the referee he was trying to fight
everyone and I kept yelling at him he's
the reason why I sound like a grandpa
Reyna we're still stuck in traffic but
slim keeps laughing at me right now
because my thumbnail yesterday was
apparently like I don't know my toe
showed in like the first-class seat it
looked like that because my camera is a
wide lens camera slim has the g7x he has
a small camera this big camera it's like
a widescreen lens and like if you're
going near here
it makes here like curves you it's like
a little fish eye but not a fish on
crime oh my field of view oh you just
this is why a New York what that you
just stop that throw up oh you're about
to barf myself Oh
next time I'll mosey Baba Erekat
bullshit my bag is touchable
interrelation yes he whoa easy buster
it's the man that catches everyone with
fakies
I like the fact that
who's the mug
you know
oh my god Wow okay here
go dad hey really all so you don't want
to be me the whole day but he's running
with me that was so dope reading all the
youtubers love leaving you guys my
homies I see you guys soon in NYC town
square city this is what we gotta do the
bugging and why it's so ratchet man look
at this crazy cars though where's mo
vlogs man you got a thumbnail with the
car look Donald Trump inside
that was really man oh no man but like
yo she ran to you and after that she
went through that back to a guy tell us
what you weird
oh yeah oh you're mr. Steele this means
it's cold
we're gonna have a British accent the
whole yeah why do you always say yeah
like say no like no you're more how does
it feel to be in New York like mondobot
to be in New York like the vibes young I
don't want to say this cuz I've got like
a lot of American fans by rechristen by
what to do here they would draw has the
left what are you guys doing Jabari you
could leave the house yeah true true but
you gotta cross this hot know I sound
right now like my voice is gone let's go
to the New York oh no I know that's true
Dubai man I want to move out there you
know I've never been to your home but
know what why not after the draw we've
had like we should we should read the
same he mentioned in his bought
yesterday he was like a lot of people
were like I don't know thing we happy
but we don't yes all of column exists
however do do me yank my voice is still
gone I just want to say I'm staying here
in the hotel for another day or two
because tomorrow I believe have a
photoshoot with the man money kicks he's
gonna be in New York City too so I'm
gonna show you guys around also tomorrow
I'm taking slim nos will cast the whole
crew to the projects as I told you guys
my confession was me living in the
projects but thing is nos dozen want to
go it's kind of afraid because he thinks
we're risking our life we're going to
find us what a camera like a whole
camera crews I like that drones we're
going all out you know
trying to make a dope dope video but nas
is being really I don't know he's just
being really paranoid it's tough but I'm
down to go that's my I go in there like
that's what it's normal for me I don't
mind going there slim is down what
constant down they keep is still the
keeping nails are like and but I would
still make the video do me hang if they
don't want to come mean slim will still
definitely go what cost I believe is
still definitely go and you guys will
see it it's gonna be a crazy dope
experience because you're actually gonna
get to see literally everything my howl
evaders I see get stuck I'm alligators
could even vlog in the elevator because
when I got stuck an element I didn't
want to vlog inside the elevator you
guys would have seen like piston side of
the freaking you guys would have know
what is projects if I would've logged in
it before but now that it's totally the
whole world knows and you guys pretty
much know my whole story I'm gonna go to
the products that show you guys I'm
gonna literally show you guys the story
you guys are gonna see everything so I
can show you come with me to the party
center no room down man you're not
scared like most I'm scared you know I'm
not okay did you get me down man were
you about Adam I said if you were you
grew up might and some you know I'm sure
I'm down bro it's kind of different like
really different huh I got a different
like really different you can be like
what you you might leave every call
experience bro I'm gonna leave knowing
about it bro are you dying to come I'm
dying to come bro but especially after
knowing this I respect your whole just I
look at you so differently now bro
really oh thank you so much Looby each
other it's like all the haters and stuff
yeah they all have sin it's like dude
you gotta love me for this rose oh no
respect is at a different level I say
damn I give all love me so much you're
coming all right your government got to
see this yeah this dude's not gonna Punk
man thank you guys so much for loving
support I'll see you guys tomorrow
and after I'll see you guys back in that
and family house prank week is coming
back so be ready print we could do me
getting so stay tuned
I read the open voice comes back I love
you guys take care and peace I love you
girls still violate a fake Church just
got home from Lebanon my passport got so
full I had to get another one it's bad
my life in a runway Beach
he's on a PHA had nachos the DJ got baby
I'll replay
