hey guys so right now we're doing Skype
calls
Mihrimah and more sense and we have a
secret skype name was it it was a secret
skype Nick where you from where you from
Colombia Colombia nice is it what time
is it there same time as New York and me
unlike everyone you like this well yeah
did you like skyping with her yeah you
had fun yeah what do you want to Skype
with next I'm doing Skype calls right
now because you guys gave our last video
over 10,000 thumbs up so what to give
back to you guys I'm skyping with you
guys and I'm giving like we're having
like 5 to 10 minute conversation so I
probably can't do much people because I
want to make every single person like
you know special and talk with them so
if I didn't get you to sign hope I got
you guys next time
and it's from a secret Skype username so
it's like if I tell you guys the Skype
it comes non-stop and interrupts a call
so I'll rather I call you guys we're
waiting and then we're listening to some
Akon
I just put your names here I just put
your names here and then it comes to
right there I go on Twitter i refresh it
and I see and I look for the Skype names
right here Tina what are you doing she
got Bliss Texas you put it all over
what are you doing huh
this is Dena's first ever dancing with
Deena she did a really great job thank
you so much do you not even know why I'm
still letting you hold the blistex
you're gonna get in trouble but close it
close it close it close it's not good
it's not good
yeah cuz yummy dip girls these days gosh
I have too many nieces I have a lot more
nieces and nephews new girls are crazy
what's wrong with you huh what's wrong
with you get them a kiss
yeah what's ear who you feeling me here
your face mm-hmm
say aye aye so I just got back from
having dinner with the family and let me
tell you guys this story
let me tell us what happened when we're
having dinner I so we got into the place
I we ate at around 10:30 p.m. at my art
so the place closes at 12:00 around
12:00 similar we came ten thirty hour
and a half early so once we went in we
ordered our food and stuff like that
took like the waiter the person like so
long that person didn't know English
like I took them so long to understand
what we were saying and stuff like that
so that was like 20-30 minutes just
writing our stuff down and stuff like
that and then after that took another 40
to 50 minutes to make our whole food and
by the time we got our food it was like
11:45 or 11:50 and then while we started
eating and like the manager the worker
somebody came they were like oh I don't
mean to be offensive or to rush you guys
but you guys need to hurry up because
we're closing in five minutes or else
two guys can take it to go or leave now
he said in like a really real way and
like me and my mom my dad like way too
nice were like oh okay okay then my
older brother that's when he stepped in
and he was like look we came hour and a
half early it took you guys to make the
full 40 minutes took that worker does
not even know English 20 minutes to
write down our order and you're telling
us to leave then he came to like this
whole argument even though I'm telling
you guys but it was just like it was
just like I went from zero to a high net
rope we're going to have a nice dinner
then it turned out something so messed
up and we ended up leaving and we didn't
get to enjoy I didn't like that but I
have to love everything you know there's
a lot of people who don't even have
there are something like that so always
be thankful for you have always remember
and always think about the people who
are less fortunate and just always think
a lot of that for everything that you
have right now because if you can lose
something right away you can get
something right away too and if you can
get something right away you can also
lose something right away luck and take
away things in like a minute you always
got to be thankful you know I'm saying
that's pretty
what I want this oh and we're also gonna
be doing theirs remember the dares I'm
talking about we're gonna do a dare vlog
so leave in the comments below some
dares that you want us to do and we will
do it when up goes up go
what up guys so right now I am driving
to my mom she really takes a really
really really long time when she goes
shopping so that's why I just dropped
her off and it came home to eat
something I'm pretty sure hasn't already
20 minutes I'm pretty sure she's not
even done yet
she I'm Rita Collier so she's definitely
not done and I have to drive back to her
they got another long drive to go I feel
weird going on a trip what the hell you
doing whoa yeah I have this addiction
where every time is red yellow light I
want to cross it like how that either is
like just like zoom through it but do
you not know what a yellow light means I
don't get it amazing I need to go faster
don't worry go slower yellow means go
faster no way and red means stop right
there so if you go too fast are you stop
bro Brahma Steve driver character I'm
Steve driver sure so this what I do
every time I see yellow I want to zoom
through it that's why it right now is
yellow but I was back there I had to
slow down yeah I mean yeah can you
listen don't get any good boy I've been
very good
everybody knows
look at our hood gangsters we did it
going to get mortgages yeah I got 20
Minnesota like a 20 minutes total oh oh
I got enemies got a lotta enemies got a
little bit I'm going slow just so the
camera doesn't fall yeah I mean so we
get some pointers off this bail Peter
Peter Peter hi guys whoa bumpy ride hold
on Captain
whoa find whoa dude slow down captain
God you look younger you know I'm gonna
do it now I'm gonna narrate people's
lives okay okay
ah I just lost $20 from the lottery I
gotta go home in pain around Oh this
card like me oh my god was my wife gonna
say I just lost so much money my wife is
gonna kill me oh my god think of a good
as you would I say I got robbed
nah nah did I don't look like that hmm
I'm gonna go rob someone else but as I
said it's over an hour my mom's still
not out over an hour been sitting you're
waiting for and she's a liar
she came in and she went back out she's
like oh I have to get this out to get
that there goes my day and then we gonna
dark outta nowhere
shadi I don't sew and I'm very depressed
but hopefully she comes quickly so I can
go home and play some cricket I came
back really early today because I got
this massive headache right now my head
is killing me so I'm probably enough so
I'm probably gonna just eat tylenol and
just knock out because my head is like I
don't it's I don't know where he's got
hit recently been getting a lot of
headaches I don't know why just play
some GTA before I knock out that's my
character ID well let me show his face
even though in a mission I'll try to
show his face that's my that's my man
right there right yeah so I'm gonna end
the night here I'm super I got this
massive heavy so I'm gonna end the night
here so good night to guys hope you guys
have an amazing day tomorrow or today
and it till tomorrow for another essay
daily vlog that's a wrap peace
member
