hey guys what's up right now I am in
Central Park with my family we're doing
like a little picnic and a little creek
as wild people looking at his dinner
parties we're rolling 30 deep chef what
are you doing no you can't go in there
how you gonna how just gonna burners
trespassing huh oh my gosh you see what
crazy supposed to be like a wishing well
and everybody's just jumping in give me
in so yeah let's go hailer and say yeah
they both stole my everybody stole my
hat look she said one of my hats he saw
in my huh she didn't you know he stole
one of my house he stole one of my hats
why so in my huh Oh
lose two kids
Iman Sam they the two crazy kids that I
got a hold every time it's like let me
came and go anywhere hems is like the
old crazy buddy buddy Sean hey hey what
do you do so I balloon it let go say up
washes washes you guys gotta say sorry
hey say sorry say sorry
dance it sorry he said he's called me
ugly to get ugly huh are you calling
ugly up are you coming over huh huh you
may kiss ha ha oh yeah yeah yeah
hold it comes as no no what do we know
run away now run over nobody knows hi
guys we're going rock climbing this one
that biggest Hills little baby we're
halfway hi guys we might see come on any
more wise me go to the long run away
yeah Oh Hillman let's get crazy I swear
to God the Queen Emma especially this
one he was to throw himself look at look
who wants to throw himself down slams on
a leg over oh I ain't gonna throw my hat
I made it to the top oh yeah ours
players come on come o
ministers opera jazz everybody yeah
America then Jim pictured I know
I'll see ya
are you having fights with girls and
call to them ratchet no Tommy seriously
oh no no boy huh Kadir noe huh could I
know you don't do that okay what'd she
tell you
so why'd you call her ratchet huh
how'd you call rash I want to know what
he
so see those a huge huge fight between a
man and a girl and then it got so big
cuz she involved their parents the
parents came to me and then her parents
were even more ratchet coming against me
so it was so like the funny thing is is
that they were ratchet Jamel was not
wrong but you need us at that okay don't
do it hi so I just left hanging out with
my family I'm now in Times Square it is
so crowded like last time is crowded
like this prime is last summer so it's
super super powder and I came
walking in like six acts but I'm about
to go meet up with the boys right now
and should be fun
so hopefully let's see how this goes
when we turn up in NYC guys like look
how crowded this is you guys are not
gonna believe
yeah when you do brother
I just met up with slim so that was
something so crowded met up one year at
the homie Corrine what's not was good we
just got hot dogs
we really got hot dogs the mighty Bell
and I was I have all the hungers and it
just fell just like that but we're gonna
go somewhere to eat
yeah and I even know what's gonna turn
up tonight Saturday night so now we're
we walk with bump into supper oh my gosh
then they blame you for like bumping
into them oh I just met two people we
got from Brussels oh they're from
Brussels Belgium so what can they speak
selling the first can you say anything
in Italian yeah
the most eclipse
and on a box l-e-d what happened you do
not know
Oh God so much lip Oh
Bessy why are you so quiet huh like you
to go your life party huh huh
guys so much clothes
you're not talking
we're up high
so cool
where are we going to again party god
you've been doing that for a while on a
trip but I they may refuse yet so we
through that's why little Einstein come
to recede hello ain't gonna whatcha
number
I'm glad I can get older older doesn't
hover love Rosie it's cool
I left that now he's looking to taxi I
think that pink blue mosey look cooler
oh we found the what color is that uh
pink yeah we found the pink oh so it was
moving wrong
we found the oh we found oh wait wait
wait oh shoot oh no no no is levy is
leading a by pink limousine
cow motor smell like dog poop over phone
Oh
good
I feel good now
Oh
why do you want you psycho fired you
from accident here so the fire
departments and yeah and police is I'm
going to I do those an accident oh not
you got a second
see I don't know app right white that's
it it did you see yeah it's just I got
every I let me do it get up yes I'm
gonna help in the milk get your feet up
alright how do I got circumcised keep
grades around with people so much I
don't kick it up pick it up you know I
don't know if you can take it off hey
good gig
be enough do it hey you're gonna get out
yeah we have to cut it oh oh
oh we were on our way going home and
then we found another accident a GPS
we're driving towards it so we're gonna
end the night today by playing some
cricket my hair's a mess happens to
carrier because I just lets but Gary
gave her lotion that way
details work James hey guys I'm know she
thinks her and kiba swims don't expose
me like that
that is a she's ready person Oh fight
fight fight fight fight I just so much
she's cool some basically yeah yeah so
basically yeah I couldn't go out because
I was with my parents all day on my
family behind hands aren't always sweaty
though they're just sweaty from time we
went to everyone I went to Jackson has
to go shopping I just has his popular DC
area right so we went to the shop and my
mom was it you know when my mom goes out
she takes her for ever I'm making big
deal about it like I feel like he knows
sorry so we were just waiting in the car
and but week by tell me a home was like
eight apply fibers are not all the time
it happens like it was like night 706
706 so as soon as you got home you know
it's getting too late if I go to a spot
see me another hour sound like my happy
end
i'ma have to call that night and I
stayed home oh my god it's time to wrap
up this vlog hope you all enjoyed this
flag if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey we had a new
video yesterday so make sure you guys go
check it out and give it a thumbs up you
guys got it to over 10,000 thumbs up
already in less than 12 hours so shout
out to you guys I will be doing Skype
calls sometime this week and I will I
will not let you guys know what my skype
is I'll let you guys tell me what your
skype is and I'll Skype a lot of you
guys and yeah I'll probably do that
every week so whenever you guys reach
10,000 on every new video we'll happy
having Saturday I'll give you guys
probably a harder goal because you guys
got this really quick so
so hope you guys are excited for new
videos every Saturdays on our main
channel and I'm so excited for this
week's video I really hope it goes well
and I'm so glad you guys enjoyed today's
new video and I really hope you guys do
enjoy this week's upcoming video there's
this YouTube app that shows you the
exact views you get without YouTube like
updating because YouTube takes a while
to update but it shows that our new
video that we uploaded today already has
over 100,000 views in less than like 17
hours I'm like so that's crazy but
youtube is not updating our views for
some reason I don't know why they even
do that with our other video like any
day I had about I think about 200,000
views but it still didn't it's not an
update like it's been like a month and
never updated so I don't know what's on
YouTube we contacted YouTube they're not
updating our views or anything like that
so yeah we contacted them so hopefully
they do fix that YouTube if you're
watching this I don't know if you're but
you need to fix that but yeah it's
basically I'll see you guys tomorrow
teamate shake do me gang thank you guys
so much for the continuous love and
support I know we always get you know
negative feedback always hate but we're
always gonna stay strong and we always
just want to produce content to make you
a smile and to make your days and to
make us forget your stress when you're
watching for the couple minutes or
whatever so I really hope you guys do at
least smile or just brighten up your
mood and if like that so I'll see you
guys tomorrow teammates say do me gang I
love you guys and peace late
by travelpod member
