what up guys welcome smell the a si
daily Vance
today's topic is traveling first of all
I want to apologize for the delay of
these rants and you know we stopped for
a while due to you know immature you
can't stuff we couldn't really do it as
we're really constantly busy but we did
upload vlogs every single day but we
couldn't do rants you know we were just
so in a rush with everything so
fortunately we couldn't do rent but we
are back so every single day will be a
new rant traveling to be honest I love
traveling charlie is like my desire like
I always want to visit new places new
states and cities new countries I
haven't started traveling till I'd say
2011 when I officially went far like
alone I've been to places like
Bangladesh Saudi Arabia Canada the UK
Amsterdam we outside of the sea the
Netherlands um that's about it and I've
also been to Kuwait B that flew over
from Saudi Arabia and then I went to
Kuwait but I thought that counts but I
land in Kuwait for like two three hours
before it goes to another plane but yeah
those are the cities that visit it and I
don't
all those my favorite I'd say would be
Saudi Arabia because you know I went to
the place where I've always wanted to go
and I went on a young age and you know a
lot of people they start going when
they're really old like I don't know
about other people but a lot of Bengalis
they start going like Hajj and Umrah
when they reached like the 50s and 60s
you know a lot of them they they want to
go cuz you know it's you have to go once
before you died so they go no old age
but I wanted a young age and I
experienced all this so it's an honor to
be there and it was an amazing feeling
but that's my favorite place that I've
been to my second favorite place that
I've been to is the UK to be honest like
the UK vibe is just amazing I love the
vibe there it's like there's so much of
your own people is so much of your own
kind and your culture there it's like
they're you know I mean like I feel like
America it's so modern it's so ahead but
UK is like it's modern but it fits into
your culture I mean I don't that make
sense or anything but my
favorite would be Bangladesh I feel like
you know polish is my my my mother's
breath land and I've been there twice
last time when was the last time I was
done six mileage is like the most
beautiful see I want to see this
beautiful because there's a lot of dirty
spots there and it's very overpopulated
and stuff like that
but it's still beautiful you know I live
in a village so I live like away from
the rest of the people but you know
there's a lot of grass and there's a lot
of trees bhavish is more of a nature
type you know it's it's more like
foresty jungle a grassy type of country
and that's really what I love I love
nature it each is like something I
really really loved much has it so
that's my favorite thing about March is
a nature there is a green part of homage
that's my favorite but other than these
I want to visit other places such as
Paris I want my honeymoon there to be
honest like actually no I don't want it
too overrated like you know everyone's
like oh my god I'm gonna have my
honeymoon in Paris I'm gonna god I'm
doing the Eiffel Tower you know I mean
like it's so overrated everyone wants
that so I probably want somewhere else I
don't know where I'm so sorry I also
wanna go to do babe or goodbye that's
what I'm gonna do bi do bi is like a
dream of mine to go and we actually
going in December I believe I'm not sure
when but we will be going there soon so
one of my dreams coming true other than
that I want to visit other places and
you wanna do before I die I want to
throw a dart at a map and wherever it
lands I want to go there say if it lands
like Zimbabwe I'll go to Zimbabwe few
lands and like that's article I good I'm
starting to feel and in like Madagascar
I'll go to Madagascar you know wherever
it lands I want to go there and that's
my dream just don't art of the map and
wherever it goes or wherever hits and go
there but hopefully each other that
comes true and hopefully I visit more
places
comment below where you visited or where
you're from and let us know you know
till tomorrow for another si daily rant
that's the end that's a wrap
peace hey guys what's up and welcome to
si daily rents we haven't uploaded a CA
daily rant for a while because we were
in the UK getting a lot of stuff done
but we are back with the AAS a daily
rants
might miss a couple of AC daily rents
tomorrow because we're gonna be off to
Ohio tomorrow but we are still doing a
CD Lorentz and this ran there you're
watching right now it is not gonna be
edited I'm just going straight to it so
you guys let me know how it is it's just
natural straight I'm just talking if I
make a mistake I make a mistake but this
topic is for for today for this week or
before today is what is it t is it's
traveling that's what it's called this
traveling so I'm gonna let you guys know
three stuff that I like about traveling
and being on an airplane and three stuff
that I dislike about traveling and being
on an airplane so imma let you guys know
first about the stuff that I like all
right let's see you know pillow fight
I'm so mad I don't have my other pillow
I had a pillow with hours to Holdens
somebody robbed it from me and in the UK
likely village it stole it for me they
didn't ask it for me I don't know who
stole it so till this day I'm sold
trying to investigate you a ticket but
it's okay just keep it safe you know I'm
saying well number one the first thing
that I like about traveling when I love
about traveling is that you get to see
you know places you get to see new
people so it's everything is like new so
it's really interesting and it's just
like a different world you going away
from one side of the world to another
side of the world and you get to see new
stuff and know things which is really
really cool number two is the window
seat in the airplane and when there's
when nobody sits next to you like when
when peeled mr. flight or the flight
isn't like packed so you get to lay down
in the plane like it's dinner pillow you
I could get the pillow that I used to
have and just lay down on there like
that and then it's like it's like your
own first class like you just use more a
regular airplane ticket but you got a
first class because nobody showed up so
you go lay down and sleep like if it's a
bed I love that so much and just I
really hope our flight is like that for
Ohio because I don't know I don't adopt
people will fly from Ohio from New York
on a Fridays but yeah and number three
is you get to experience the world you
get to see the world so it's an amazing
experience
gone all over the world and traveling
and stuff like that and now for the
three stuff that I dislike number one is
that you miss family I always with my
family I always miss remar was miss my
mom always with my dad I always miss
just everybody I start thinking like oh
man I want to go back home cuz home is
like home is the one it's home sweet
home home sweet home and I'm playing
come on man all right number two is the
airplane seats when you're stuck in the
middle this happen so you wanna come to
the UK - to New York City this is true
story I'm not even joking but I was in
the middle between there was those a
ratchet it was a rash lady next to me
was on the phone and she's having this
calm about her breakup say is he not
talking to me about this right now like
is you serious
is you serious right now the plane is
going up and he talked it to me a bus
and have another guy next to me was this
Jewish guy was reading his his Torah and
was so huge it was taking up half my
hand lady was like her elbow talking so
I'm there stuck in the middle the guy
next to me - raised like this and then
lady next to me turn to the left is like
talking on the phone so I was stuck in
the middle of like oh my gosh and me
Sheikh wearing different seats it was
just so horrible one of it was a really
bad flight really oh oh it was these up
you up you just made this rent from zero
to Han it real quick real quick thumbs
up for this rent because it just came
out cooler because Muslim is here all
right number three is the airplane
landing color video and get it come
through sit down talk about traveling
number three is the air but someone you
can grow your beard like that and I'm
sorry
I'm sorry I'm sorry
I will number three is the airplane
landing sometimes the landing is so
scary and then your ears starts like you
can't hear anything and stuff like that
and it gets really really scary even if
I feel like I might die or something
like that but other than that that's
what I like about traveling and that's
what I don't like about travel Muhsin
what do you like about traveling
huh what do you like about oh he doesn't
like nothing button that that's what I
like about traveling and on dislikes it
likes much I hope you guys enjoyed this
rant who did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey and I'll see you
guys tomorrow in Ohio or still in New
York City I love you guys
