I still swollen from like months ago
when I got a black eye so sorry for the
puffy eyes hey guys what's up this is
Adam so today's video will not be your
normal funny video or normal funny vlog
or a funny rant it is gonna be a serious
topic and it's gonna be about my country
my nationality which is Yemen a lot of
you have been giving me messages and
tweets and just comments you know some
of you guys are even mad at me saying oh
my god why not mentioning anything by
Yemen when I did mention Yemen on my
Twitter by decided to make a video
because my nights my home country and I
want you guys to help out I have family
who are in danger over there and I will
let you guys know about it so if you
guys do not know Yemen right now I was
like corrupted and like I know a lot of
countries in the Middle East Asia a lot
of countries right now just going crazy
but Yemen right now was like the most
where like is getting attacked and a lot
of innocent people are dying I don't
know really much about it like ask my
family ask my cousin's I looked up
information about it but it's just just
so confusing it's really sad to see
stuff like this going on in countries
being divided people taking one side
people take another side I hate taking
anybody side I'm like I just want peace
and we're almost all human beings we
should be together we should be one
basically for the past year I've been
seeing my mom talking to her brother
which is my uncle I'm the fall into
Yemen and just you know having a laugh
talked and everything was great
everything was cool every single day she
calls him and sees you know how he is
how was he doing everything's everything
all right and now for the past week my
mom has been trying to call him but he's
not picking up anything we have not
heard anything about him or anything
about his kids or his wife or anything
like that I'm seeing my mom depressed
and I'm seeing her like just worried and
it's and it's kind of affected me too
because when I see my mom sad or when I
see mom confused I'm always you know sad
confused and I can't think I can't see
but it just she thinks she's doing
something wrong but she's not calling
him right or something like that so she
gives me her phone and asked me to call
him and I do try to call him but no one
picks up or anybody answers I always do
try to make her feel better and keep it
positive and say that everything is all
right and just don't think negative but
my mom you know how our moms are they
always think of the most negative thing
possible and it just kills me inside to
see my mom like that and knowing that
innocent people were just passing away
babies and it just
me to see my mom like that sear so sad
every single night because of the stuff
that's going on so the reason why I made
this video for you all to make a comment
or say a prayer or say something for my
family and for all the innocent people
in Yemen for all the innocent people in
the Middle East or okay Allah and I'm
Shonda there will be peace in this world
and we can unite and be one and I just
want peace and I just want everybody to
be happy to stay positive but it's like
there's always going to be crazy stuff
going on like this and all we got to do
is just pray I don't feels like it's
impossible but inshallah one day
everything can be back to normal my
parents actually leaving sorry but today
to go to UM Brasso and Shila they'll be
making dye and all you guys will make
dye and Nutella it will be accepted
thank you guys so much for watching and
sorry if I made you guys not be happy or
anything like that keep smiling I love
you guys I'll see you guys soon peace
you
