I am with Marcin and Rima me and room I
just came back from the park I feel so
sad because I can't take out Watson to
the park but I did bring him some ice
cream some sponge well let's go and you
spilled it
what's wrong with you whatever there's
my ice cream now a session don't give it
a like that okay eetz one ice cream all
right that's it that's it that he's off
he's a ice-cream lover
okay I'll get assess it look is it that
he's under Stuart uh he likes bundle of
ice cream haha do you like it huh you
like it do you like it do you like it
what's it myself
good pickup real damage I had thrown out
every mail it fell it fell it's not good
ice cream anymore
look mothers are crying who's the baby
you were micing who's it I'll give
myself as me I was gonna stop missing
you know Brett he's strong myself swear
mustn't stop stop
most oh my gosh that's kid no no no no
you ain't gonna eat it you eat it
Muzzin you want to give you want to give
my son a haircut this kids crazy what
are you doing huh I get I've got it
let's go get a haircut
okay what are you doing a song ichigo's
brother guy I'm anything now
love me Oh so diet hot soup please
what mortal I love dragons I don't need
the battle ok I'm going back home
so God the hey Eddie little just morsel
haircut give them a delay miss Robin let
mess it mister help ya let me give him a
haircut
Wow ok yes we're doing me give you a
haircut
hi guys you guys ready I'm about to get
Muhsin a nice shape up nice kind of
haircut and the others how this goes cuz
he needs a haircut mom mess up his hair
last time we had a nice man bun and imma
just give him a nice little shape up
clean him up
she look cool ready you can hold him you
sure
alright siglo see do not touch this look
I guess I'm gonna give Rima haircut
first no yes no you have to have no hair
go ready know what as fast as fast is
gonna be fast
you're not gonna hurt yourself he'll
cook scroll hair cut ready come on ready
before April yeah okay okay wait here I
mean oh very much don't touch
what you've been doing up I'll be a
legend okay
the king is here yeah this move is not
the way and let's do this similar I'm so
scared
great you say don't move don't move
bring amigo the moves no listen
Hey mashallah he's going good so far
hold on I'm sorry I'm sorry
you okay you okay it's just a haircut
I'm sorry look so far it's going a fresh
haircut I think so me my name easy to
see alone okay he's scared of it he's
good
hi guys this only heck I could get give
him and I feel so bad he skis scared if
he wasn't scared right before but now
he's so scared of well I have to be a
kid huh oops happy bi no denying I
forgot the words I know just she's good
I was like that it's like that you were
kicking me oh it's like that it's like
this church is come on please Qi go into
that your head oh we must say you can do
it her hand ran booze handful his head
is you really oh it's like that it's
like it's unlike Dan like this is all
I'm doing with this I'm opening the door
that's it you went kick him out the room
no one cuz I'm open it run open the door
I just wanna take a picture yeah
hey guys what's up right now I'm at 59th
Street waiting shake to show up I have
not seen him since we landed from the UK
because he was busy yesterday but he's
coming through right now and I'm early
I'm early early I'm early I'm early I do
not know what we're even doing today
Jill when we hang out was just like
would even know what we're doing is just
out of plane and stuff like that much
for filming or something like that but
yeah I don't know what we're doing which
oh I can't go a day without having a
iced caramel latte caramel whipped cream
in it I guess was here Sheikh Akbar so
long man
way to be like 20 minutes you see Saul
walking down right and this have
different half camel right don't say
that lame ass joke there's a shake might
be getting a car soon so let alone the
comments below what kind of car should
he get what kind of taxi to drive
give me my uber driver here we go huh
shakes getting my uber driver we've all
just got Adam savings let's get a car so
that means being a mountain peak so one
of them have to get a better car I'm
obviously gonna have a better car and
I'm gonna get that book well you're
probably gonna be some like a lame
father's cars I'm like I'm good me
buying accounting some stop payment of
jail
my god she's cool so oh my god she thank
you Miss haha you spent less careful
it's a he spilled ice careful of it ah
all right so so far I did five I love
you you're amazing
the Microsoft queen your BAE thank of
everything let me know what you guys are
going to be getting I have 195 more to
make chick will be signing in the bottom
20 done and yeah yeah probably like 180
to go as I think we have about 100 done
so we have about private like a good 150
but just got kicked out of Dunkin Donuts
stack again which is
which is that kicked out or going to go
nuts so we have to sign the rest of the
hundred somewhere else but yes if you do
get the DVDs
first 200 people will be getting what
you know you guys going to have four
days to go for the a stay your tour this
summer Paris Brussels Sweden Rocco
London Manchester Amsterdam and
Paris my scarf matches
a lot of one let me see it lame jokes ma
today today in the Rose everyone
violated my jokes yeah what everybody
roasted us on Twitter today man we go
get you back you don't know every people
you guys are fun this is been hard on us
even though I went harder even though
Adam went hard on me it's completely out
for you my heart is completely fine you
know the roast of the roast but that's
only digging again now I mean the
funniest is it blurry or the month oh
it's not blurry yeah I just learned so
basically I feel like the funniest one
that you guys did on me or some went
around me
the that me a nice jgr ice JJ fish are
the same we can't sing and we both like
fish something like that would have
never thought so fat I was gonna write
that's so generous without violation but
yours is worse they're like someone's
like the only reason I watch your videos
cuz of remo oh oh the reason I do he put
some aloe vera on that burn the only
reason why I do YouTube every day it's
cuz Rima she motivates me so in your
face
I can tell I can tell the future
preacher I can tell people like what
they mean I just found the gonna get
ready
my name starts the day
and just yet
jay-j you and Edie generic names another
but I know that you know me you know me
so how would I know you still like a
noise in somewhere
County moon
hope you were born your 1 1994 yeah
brother that looks hell brothers one of
them is name is juber
how was I in school
like crazy good without smart drive the
smartphone Indonesia will see when
demanded time wasn't you was really Oh
house more than Thomas mode it was real
smart so now I say your laptop is halal
it look different much mother
I got tile up up give it up a little
more
take care hey I'll say you need uma gang
I love you and peace
