good morning guys I just woke up and it
is about 2 p.m. and I'm but what Emma
decided to come and hear and tell me
what's up but I was supposed to go out
and tell her what's up but she kept on
dancing she was being too ratchet early
in the morning
what are you doing Emma gonna go dance
that's the meaning of ratchet yeah let's
go see what she's doing you wanna fight
huh
why did you Rebecca huh why do you turn
back on huh hey cheese because he's been
so grumpy a nice smile not been so
grumpy come on take a selfie - oh you
can play with it
take yourself come on cheese cheese
cheese cheese cheese
oh man you serious I'm a great kid don't
next time watch what happen huh he just
won't open the door from you huh he
doesn't open the door from when he kicks
me out all the time
oh the room was gonna keep that now this
is what happens on a daily basis in The
Addams Family house I got kicked out of
his room Rima gets kicked out of his
room he just doesn't wanna be seen on
camera but one day I'm gonna do a really
big prank on him like a really huge
prank I'm a hide the camera inside her
he's probably don't even watch our vlogs
so I'm saying it to you guys I'm
probably gonna hide the camera in his
room and I'm probably the biggest prank
on him and I can't wait
fed a room ready for it yeah we gonna
prank him big time right yeah you're
gonna prank I move I mean you're gonna
get him yeah let's go to ratchet
handshake go ratchet handshake that's
the restaurant you go with this what up
like that you have town then you over
here paparazzi paparazzi we gotten
pretty my goodness we got him we got him
oh you know me love you Billy
bonds we're kicking you out
because like like okay something is such
a private language he wants everybody to
pick him up I post know what's it he'd
never once to sit down he just wants to
stand up the whole time What's Wrong G
okay you need your boogies on his nose
every Macomb in Macomb we come back Sam
we might sit next to him not next to him
not in front of him
kind of like his view really good he was
so greedy she didn't wants me to hold
her no hug her coming up he did he just
snort huh we just snorted a laugh you
know like this hand why we could do this
face I'll give you $20 I like that you
can do that I'll give you $20 like when
I see you are you - what's going on bro
mature my parents just got back from
sorry but from Omaha and they gave me
this huge gallon of zem zem order so I
got that Zemzem order I'm about to be
popping bottles tonight what what did
you just say oh come on is here we
didn't tell you hi we haven't seen you
for so long
come on say hi how are you we miss you
oh you sixties oh happy birthday
not you three happy late birthday you
know two demands
okay but this kind of is
step 4 okay I'm outside right now gonna
take out Jamal to go choose out any
present I'm not that he wants what not
couple-y oh he broke his bracelet so
he's gonna show so I'm so done I was
gonna choose out any present that he
wants and yeah ready yeah but know how
like I'm sorry I couldn't come book hey
sorry I could have come but you can
choose a present okay okay okay that's
what Jerry from Tom and Jerry he's think
that's Jerry from Tom Jerry would the
rat comes out and then who's Tom you
yeah he's time he's time like I said go
to the school for summer school
can you put your picture stuff with play
with the opinion these are super don't
let you who sees the other stores closed
the real toy store is closed so try to
see if you like any of these we're gonna
take them to another better these are
really chewy I need to I need to get on
something good
so unlike this place looks a little
better just choose which one you want
I'll go and get this one right Barbie is
good hey come on that one it's red pink
so hums I got a helicopter doesn't get a
helicopter come I got a nerf gun another
gun whatever there's a snake and what
else is there and on the car Hot Wheels
whatever I don't know come on go ask you
happy birthday give al okay anytime
about I love you and I'm sorry I
couldn't come to your birthday party
every day I was missing because every
day the birthday not hit the floor cuz
every day is your birthday not hit the
floor cuz every day is if I shouldn't
have - yeah and I got a snake the snake
is for me look at the snake we're gonna
scary mine and I will make a prank
holding it like eyes you all know who I
missed so so much
Deena I missed you so so so much gimme
kiss I love has been growing day by day
give me kiss say I love Adam no I never
saw ya go to the Kimber on yes
what's wrong America now used to be like
mine you're looking I cut my head
whatever I'm still gonna about bad so
hums and get my daddy wants to go pick
up my parents from the airport my son
was hurting you guys had really peas for
that so we saw family tries to my phone
to get others number who try to steal my
phone to get your number always that guy
that I put on Twitter I don't know if
you have to do oh I don't know if you've
seen it but was this kid you think Misha
you and give an yeah well you did you
try to take my phone no you're not
taking my phone away like that you guys
no mess to him like that how you know
you're lying huh because we saw his
phone on those are for battery okay well
no necessity three okay so my gender you
wanted to play cricket who would just we
just took the cameras of it
love look how I'm talking you guys have
to camera the is very fun and Dawn
another change you when I'm sensibly
pretty so we just took the camera and
started
hi guys time to wrap up this vlog hope
you all enjoy this flight if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey my parents are finally back from
her idea they did I'm gonna so I haven't
it left for that that came back safe and
I'm so excited they're back they all
loved my haircut because they hated my
man bun days to always pull my man bun
but now they don't follow me but they
put my ear they put my nose so tomorrow
we were gonna be filming a new video for
our main channel we're starting to make
channel videos again guys I'm sorry for
the wait but it's coming soon I promise
April May June July August when it's
warm I promise this is gonna be a lot of
new videos a lot of brand new video
coming soon so just wait for that see
you guys tomorrow take care peace team
si do me gang I love you guys I'll see
you guys soon like
