hey guys what's up this is Adam from
true story a si and welcome to another
day of a si daily rant today's topic is
about team about you only you the dummy
gang team is say every single one of you
who know us and show us support and love
here we decided to make a rant a few
guys and this is giving me something
this is just straight-up natural ah I'm
just saying this from my heart so he
gave me no editing no nothing I'm saying
this from about in my heart I team a si
Dhoom again you guys truly truly truly
changed you guys changed my life like my
life went from freakin having so much
fights getting in trouble getting
arrested not even caring about being
Muslim earth like that into a whole
different to the opposite into and it's
a loving being Muslim into like I'm
loving other people and caring about
others more than yourself just so much
stuff you guys made me a better person
and to be honest I just I can't thank
you guys enough like every day when I
when I give you guys blogs rants I feel
like that's not enough to give you guys
a thank you for making me the guy I am
today you guys are just like amazing do
what you guys motivate me the way you
guys inspire me is just truly it truly
means a lot from the bottom are truly
thank you guys so so so so much and this
is why whenever I see any of you and I
and I see you guys smiling and I'm the
reason for for you guys smiling stuff
like that it's just it's an amazing
feeling trust me and it kind of gets me
mad when some of you guys are like oh no
he favors that person he favors that
person oh no um he hates me or stuff
like that just gets me really mad why do
you think I hate you or hate anybody I
don't hate anyone and I hate anybody who
watches our videos and shows us love and
support and I do not favor anyone more
than any person that I meet but for me
like like she may say any person that I
meet of you guys I treat them the same
exact way as every single person that I
meet the same wet cheetah with respect I
treat them with love I treat them as if
we've known each other for years and
years and years so I do not I do not
because I'm straight-up honest with you
guys I do not want you guys to be saying
that or even thinking that because
that's just that's not me even with
random stranger this you I treat them
the same way that I treat anybody else
or if it's a hater then it's innocent
then if it's a hater but it's a
different story now I'm saying because
all these haters they talk all the crap
on Twitter the top all the crap and
Facebook I can care less about that but
if you hating in my face it's a
different story you know I'm saying us
that's a different story the haters
thank you I also want to say thank you
to the haters you guys truly motivated
me and to becoming a stronger person so
I truly thank you haters for that I
appreciate that for you guys hating made
me strong and yeah as I said teammates
say you guys you guys are the most
powerful or the most strongest fanbase
ever I feel like you guys worked
together you guys are the cutest three
guys total you guys know each other you
guys become friends and you guys are so
so nice and I noticed the past few days
you guys have been so positive to each
other so positive everywhere I need to
the comments below so so supportive and
I just want to thank you guys so much
for that like I don't know what to do
you guys let me know in the comment
below what should I do as a as a thank
you I'll do anything for you guys to
think I don't know like I truly don't
know because you guys did change my life
so much like hundreds of thousands and
millions of people watching us on
YouTube inspiring so many people you
guys are the ones that that inspired us
and it causes us to inspire even more
people around the world you guys made me
be proud to be Muslim you guys brought
me up when I was down when I was
literally down like that day that day
when I got jumped and beat up and I had
a black eye I thought that's it it's
it's it's over like I was thinking about
you to Ozzie that says over you know
it's no point of doing you to no point
of doing anything you guys brought me
back up so
yeah I just wanna say thank you guys so
much for that I still have the bros mah
you guys brought me back up and made me
a strong strong person I'm sorry if I'm
sounding cheesy or anything like that
but I truly appreciate what you guys
always do the tweets you guys the tweets
you guys give me the comments that
everything I'm so humble and overwhelmed
about you guys make me so humble I never
ever want to be a selfish guy a rude guy
I always care about others more than I
do about myself because I feel like you
guys you guys made me to help my person
you guys made me into a strong person
I'm thankful and blessed and handed lad
to have you guys I think a lot every
single day for having amazing people
like you a part in my life and yeah and
it's a la many more if you even if you
guys drug teammates say three years ago
two years ago even today I thank you so
much for everything that you've done and
everything that you will do in the
future and I really hope you guys stay
by our sides
forever and ever because I will stay by
your sides forever and ever and ever and
ever 2020 2030 I'm still gonna be here
for you I promise you guys that I
promise you guys that I will always be
there for you guys and I really just I
really just can't wait for to meet every
single one of you and even a lot of
times I meet you guys like probably five
six times I don't I don't ever like gets
it I'm afraid if you guys get sick of me
and you guys are that's it I'm sick of
him that's like that but I love seeing
you guys more than once I love it like
it's like a connection oh stop are you
doing and I love talking with you guys
and everything just I'm just gonna shut
up now I just want to say thank you guys
so much and if you guys truly are part
of teammates say adieu me game give this
video a thumbs up and yeah I show them
that we family and we every day and I
want you all to always be nice each
other and yeah sorry if I keep cutting
off is just this is off straight up from
my heart sorry if I keep stuttering or
anything like that thank you guys for
always being there almost I've always
have my back when there's stupid stuff
going after doing the dirty work for me
and just you know not making me look bad
and me going crazy so I you
like that you got a truly fun new has an
amazing this has been an amazing three
years I think Allah if everything I
think you guys from there nothing my
family for everything you guys seriously
have changed my life look you go I want
you guys to look at me right now look
you guys have truly changed my life in a
positive positive way and I Adam Saleh
thank you all for that I appreciate that
you lawyer I respect that
alright guys I hope you guys enjoyed
this rant team a say you guys are always
getting to be in my heart and I'll see
you guys tomorrow with another video and
another vlog and many more videos coming
soon and I'll see you guys soon
I love you guys stay happy stay smiling
if there's any issues going on just
shoot me a message and hopefully I will
try to get back and I'm sorry if I can't
I do try my best to get back to a lot of
you if I can't please please do forgive
me do not say I hate you or anything
like that because I don't like when
negative energy is like that alright see
you guys soon take care and peace is a
daily rants today's topic is about our
fan base ta si si si is probably like
the most strongest the most sweetest the
most nicest loveliest fan base ever and
I'm not saying it to please you guys or
just be like ah he's trying to be nice
and so I'm not saying is that I'm gonna
say it because of everything that I've
noticed you know like for example when I
see a new person that joins the fan base
I'd see all the previous members of the
fan base they would like like welcome
him or her and you know bring up to like
family and treat them like family
there's even a family it's more like a
family you know we're all open to each
other we have people from all faiths
Muslim Christian Jewish everything you
have everyone United from all culture
tradition we have everyone coming
together as one and we're like you know
you guys are like so sweet together you
know and another thing I love about team
SI is the fact that you guys like you
guys motivate you know like today I got
a tweet that said that watching one of
my videos the one I did about parents it
spired her to not like disrespect her
parents it's not like she was saying a
story how she disrespected her parents
and then she thought the veil and then
it changed the way she reacted after
night she became very sweet to her and
stuff like that and reading sulphide it
motivates me like united spy one person
two people three people why not just do
more you know just keep going on and on
and inspiring us to do a lot more the
biggest thing that recently happened
with team sa that I respect and I love
you guys so much for this there was two
artists out there that missed out a lot
of stuff and there was stuff that you
know they didn't say or you know it was
just not a complete article you know I
mean and you guys made them rewrite it
and fix up the little mistakes that they
did and made it into like a perfect
article they're not perfect but you guys
manage like a better article it wouldn't
have been done if it wasn't for you guys
so Big Ups to you guys along with that
article you guys also put people in
their places
like there's some females or males up
there that they think they're like you
know prestige they think they're the big
shots and all that but you guys put them
replaced I'm not saying guys be mutant
and be rude to them but you guys show
him like you guys show them like with
it's like open arms and that's just as
you guys you know you have to change the
way people think of us you guys like if
you want to talk bad about us you're
always there like stepping up like oh
that's not that's not them you're
mistaking or this and that you know you
guys always have our backs and I promise
y'all always have your backs
but overall team si is the most loyal
dedicated strongest fans I know they're
always there for us and I respect you
guys so much for that thank you so much
for everything that has been doing and
to be honest I feel like no matter how
much videos I make or how what I do in
the videos are what we do in the videos
it won't be enough to pay you back for
what you do for us you know I mean and
the days I don't want to smile you guys
make me smile when I read your tweets
messages comments you know and we are
blessed to have you guys in this fan
base and thank you so much for joining
and I just want also say that we do not
fear for no one we do not have no
favorite fans you know we love every
single fan equally a lot of people has
been asking why do those olds go to the
UK the why do you guys also go to London
isn't that the reason we go there is
because the organizers the
orders are all in London you know
there's one is bringing us if you guys
want us in your city from Australia to
to the Middle East to anywhere you know
in your around the world if you want us
there
talk to organise to talk to schools talk
to promoters and tell them like yeah we
want true story I say to come perform
for us you know then we'll go to your
city London Birmingham Manchester skull
in all these places they invite us to
come and perform for them if we don't on
our own go there you know they invite us
so if you guys want us to go your city
invite us to there's nothing wrong with
will go there we have no problems like
we see we came from Ohio you know we'll
go to you as long as we get an
invitation there to perform for you guys
who appear for you guys and rightly so
we don't have no favorites we don't
choose UK as our favourite UK is where
most of our fans are but that doesn't
mean that we favor UK that doesn't mean
we favor the UK fans you know it's just
the fam is UK fan base is a lot bigger
than the rest at places you know so I
don't want you guys thinking we
favourite any fans cuz we don't we love
everyone the same I promise you what
life swear to God
we love every single fan the same we
don't favour we don't choose anyone
above anyone else with that being said I
just want to say thank you so much for
watching this rant give this video a
thumbs up and go grind it till tomorrow
for another AFC a daily rant that's a
wrap
and before I end I'm gonna end there
with a sweeter message I just want to
say you guys are amazing thank you so
much for what you guys do thank you so
much for the way you behave with other
people and I don't want you guys
splitting up I don't want you guys
having like two different groups against
each other because we're all in the same
fan base we're all here for the same
purpose we're all here to support each
other we're all here as one you know
we're not here to fight with each other
because I noted they're their groups on
Twitter where they have like the
families is one and then there's little
groups of you guys who you guys have
like beef eat each other so avoid that
because remember at the end of the day
it's us against the world and
yeah I love you
