what's up team a si right now I am in
Union Square
I know it's always start off the vlog
outside and it's so awkward cuz I pull
out the camera if you were looking at me
like if I'm about to pull up like a
weapon or something like that then I
just open the camera and I'm like hey
guys what's up like what is he doing but
it's all good it's a cold day and I'm
about to go meet up with shake it's kind
of late we should we met up late he
stopped for so long I was too busy on
Twitter I don't know if you guys we're
on Twitter if you guys do have two
hundred make sure you follow us down
below I'm gonna go around to three
strangers and I'm gonna let them listen
to our new song and I'm gonna see what
they think of the new song just one
minute of the song then we're gonna see
what they think of it
what about so I finally reaches titty
and I must meet up with Adam he's been
here for like 30 40 minutes but I had to
come late because I had to eat so cuz I
was babysitting the kids decided to wait
till my dad and mom got to see I won't
hope inshallah hopefully it doesn't burn
cream this is two days in a row bleep
its met up with Adam so I just met up
with Adam and you mad at me oh let's eat
this yes oh I get it I get I get it
you're mad at you
ah are you in you in all your in you
look at music price 2 bucks to it but I
got the tux I beat on my team so yeah
why is this place called Friday's and
not Thursday's come on that was funny
right
come on laughs laughs luck is it that
leads to a fake wife take one already
later this is why I was sleeping so I
have the reason I was walking right
somewhere where you're searching I see
my god I have zebra and have giraffe
right was it Sarah do any hear my song I
have a new song coming up observing on
Play
eyes playing it
as you sing it the time is my friend I'm
a coming around
what you think about the time aside
that's hot I'm feeling real I'm feeling
it yes I went for it I went how one
likes you you lie to me that's crazy
that means a lot think it's coming out
soon it's alright alright you side by
side but yeah this news coming up you
got a good that's good bread
thank you so we have to
would love to bet really
husband damn it excuse me guys
can you guys help me for a second so we
have a new single
it's so awkward me when the media
shaking going around tell them to listen
to our song because we sound like those
beggars on the street like yo listen one
mixtape me don't listen to my CD
listen to my CD you knows it and usually
in New York City nobody ever listens to
our like that so we sound so weird I
just want to know random people's
opinion I'm vlogging shaped like
you guys help me so I have this new
single came coming alright to you next
time
sure yeah
he's gonna make them listen to a song
I'm just pretending I don't know cuz
when it's two people going up to
somebody it just gets really like weird
because it looks like I'm about to run
up on him and you had to be completely
honest all right no lying okay
that's not your voice right I swear it
is he your voice yeah
listen my friend na he's in a wrap
no it's not you're right that's okay
yeah I mean yeah it's very good you like
it
I have to say if I have to give this
just pay yeah no way everyone thank you
so much I while Sheikh is filming liking
those guys I'm just gonna run up on him
and act like a phantom bleh hey oh my
god she bite our knighthood what I'm by
phone or you might we take a selfie okay
I love YouTube videos oh thank you thank
you so much we're in the middle soon
yeah so would you buy it okay thank you
very much wouldn't you shake mouse-kini
you do it on you stupid cuz you're
taking so long so I'm just gonna go in
stuff like that I should do one more and
I'm gonna run up on doing at night I'm
gonna faint girl this time Big Time all
right I'm gonna show you how to be a
real finger okay hi Ben okay hey do it
it's about my new single so I got a new
single canary go check it out let me
know how yeah you are single be
completely honest right all right I know
now do it
what do you think of it once attend be
honest one to ten this is my god like
eight or nine words oh my god let me get
a stuffed creeper oh my god yeah I'm
gonna fly yeah yeah oh stop
hey block do it oh she was right now
where's the booty out of anything
serious crazy oh oh oh oh that's crazy
you know I feel like I've seen you from
TV right
oh my oh my god oh my god your picture
from your phone via phone sir
oh we're doing so let's go take a
victory who brought us crazy children so
bad
oh my god that's crazy
this sick bro lady don't kiss me I'm
serious stop
I don't mean to be me no you know not as
great
I may look wrote this garbage it's not
good a smoke can I give you you are it's
not good it's smoke I want you to stop
smoking so you can live so you can live
I see you like my brother so you can
live no smoking no give me no don't give
me no garbage I tried I tried okay look
I want you to live 10 years extra go
garbage garbage come on man
hello garbage oh god no what's wrong I
don't want you to smoke anymore no more
smoking no no more smoke
are you serious I'll give me an idea I'm
just gonna give you a hug all right just
in case you know something that I I love
you don't huh looking all over for the
Linda chocolate and actually found them
right so she must be all right so shake
used to be a hater of chocolate right
now he's a lover of chocolate because of
Lindor chic
well this is my favorite chocolate don't
judge I've done rather than have it all
right I love the chocolate this means
the world thing you know what else Musa
world to me you oh yeah Wow I so right
now I'm shopping I feel bad for Sheikh
because he always got to go shopping
with me and he just stares at me feeling
good our super shopping it's really
really addictive like it was really
addicting I think that's my addiction is
shopping I shop like two three times
every week and
I spend them on shopping I need to cut
that stop that many times do you guys
shop I got it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you all enjoyed this flag if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey
show them how you go Turkey and team as8
flags I will see you guys tomorrow with
another edge to daily vlogs we have a
new main channel video coming soon and a
lot more new videos coming soon
tomorrow it's finally gonna be warm so
I'm looking forward to that child I'm
having the left for the Sun to come out
soon and I'll see you guys tomorrow I
keep repeating them but yeah I'll see
you guys tomorrow take care peach tea
man shake do me gang I love you ass
hello
