right now I'm with Rima and Mawson this
is the last time I'm gonna see Rima I'm
leaving today you okay GERD
I'm leaving to the UK I'm gonna come
back in a week are you gonna forget me
huh no are you gonna forget me no don't
forget me Rima are you gonna forget me
okay what about you huh
Michele the next time in about two three
years Marcin will be on tour with us
he's gonna be crazy when he's good
probably the biggest started Rima is he
yeah he is nah
yeah Marcin is gonna be you get me
amazing mashaallah but everyone we're
gonna miss you so much and must I miss
you so much I'm gonna go now okay gonna
have to go I love you I love you Rima I
know you know you're getting older and
it's getting awkward to say I love you
but I'll always love you and you always
be my little baby-baby yeah you always
be my little baby Remo what are you
doing huh hmm you better not forget me
okay you better not forget me because if
you do let's go of the problems okay no
I'm not choking him this is cheeks Rima
said chiki chiki chiki hmm all right so
long now it's time for so long but I'll
just sing just one more song thanks for
doing your part you sure smart thank for
me and you and my friend blue something
something something that's a gonna do
and in and in it give them B kisses not
gonna stay in for a week how about you
oh my gosh thumbs up I'll miss you all
well guys so right now I'm in Central
Park and we're gonna pull a prank for a
slim shine whistling Mac something's up
yeah man playing some man long bro hope
it goes well all goes well son survey
see here is our actors/actresses really
help me Isis and shakes the compostable
I'm the complicit
so her name is fizzy our home and say
yeah zina and we is here about to start
repairing we're waiting for Adam he
comes play as yourself you guess all
everyone is guess guess who's all today
comment below who you think is older
hold it alright i'll for you guys go i
comment below which one you guys push it
height order comment below which any
guys think is older and younger so
basically they're rehearsing right now
shake me harder hey Slim's me the role i
lifted thing i am waiting for the train
but to go meet up with shake and slim
the train takes so long and that's what
is a sex trade to graciously all
approaching the station please stand
away from the platform and train is
coming out by the treat always takes so
long this is why I'm always late and
yeah gonna be so mad at me trade is here
that's so cool it's like supposed to be
like yarn I don't know they always play
no stuff here
rope I so I'm going to meet up shake a
slim in Central Park literally the whole
thing is ice it's back to freezing cold
out
I really hope it's warmer in the UK and
I just got a call from the UK from
someone named tusky to shout out to
tasking my number I don't know how but
it's been leaked and literally I've been
getting calls like
back-to-back-to-back-to-back thousands
of calls every second my phone is like
messed up I gave him I came to call my
mom I came to text my mom without
someone calling me and interrupted me
like that but besides like ice skating
rinks stuff like thing is I don't want
to change my number because I've had
that number for five years but I'm gonna
have to change it because I came and use
my phone so sorry I will use it and pick
up some of your phone calls and
facetiming today because I do wanna have
a lot of compost you guys along compost
you guys would be like y'all what's up
how's it going what you've been up to
cool horsey right there as you can see
here Frank you get me on here with the
speakerphone they're gonna be over there
recording and she's over there waiting
so let's begin this you ready I'm ready
ready how do you feel yeah yes so we are
finally done with the prank and we got
Adams so good how does it feel how does
it feel this is what you get for the dog
it feels great nah I swear watch slim
and especially shake both you guys ever
make Wi-Fi not even joking these girls -
I got you have a big shot right
here find out what she was a mean-ass
all right
oh we got nothing and we had she was on
my team recording and she was on a
system and we finally finished it for
another prank
I'm always on prank values got picked
bus live and these girls over here oh my
gosh yeah it's over I swear this is war
cheek and we get you to shave with an
others
it was in a swivel your ass will watch
you back I swear the laser we did with
one eye open you like game Douglas
murmur he got dogs understand you can
watch the dollars over us with what do
they have limo right now smile limo also
love it I think I don't know them are
you gonna ask me before you gain size I
want to show off them like tell my mom
like yeah my got in a limo got a hacks
it first
I'm sorry you don't know I'm sorry so
how you doing I just came out to the
Mo's me how's LA the game autograph
later man see you soon man peace I swim
with these two kids so stop I don't
laughing good ready yeah oh oh
some you ready ladies and gentlement
watching okay Richard booty booty oh
good you're in Gucci cuz he who tireless
and we have two contestant we have
Richard and Gucci and on the right side
we have slim yeah for dance yeah hi this
what did ad suit any competition oh oh
oh oh oh oh
whatever my we go friends okay
oh god you mr. Alfred
Hey
Oh
Hey
Oh
Oh guys give it up for Gucci
Bridget gonna give us for Richard and
Gucci because brothers Diane the
brothers in this new Dragon whose inner
pages destroyed them lose all general of
him with all of YouTube channels up
there is yeah this right
my name is due to your agreement you go
to type of a survives occasion we'll see
you tomorrow I need just had it and me
slim just destroy yeah that's what we do
not like that they want they killed now
they do better there we go shout out to
gucci rich really nice are walking to my
room expecting to start packing and it's
really opened the luggage everything's
already packed shout out to my mom for
packing all this thank you so much only
if you watch the vlogs or not but i
don't know if you watch the vlog enough
but thank you so much to my mom for
packing everything get everything ready
before you making everything easier for
me so thank you so much for that thank
you so much for all the love and support
that you get been giving us that's the
end of this vlog this video a thumbs up
and go grind tomorrow's vlog will be in
the UK because tomorrow wanted me out so
thank you someone fall there and that's
a wrap bitch
by travelpod member
