I don't ladies there's no good can I sit
down here
hi my name is Adam your name put up guys
so right now I'm heading to the city
we're gonna shoot our video on the main
channel after so long so you guys been
asking for like Oh where's the main chat
videos as I mentioned so we finally we
can happen I'm off and I'm kind of late
but typical me yeah so I'm gonna head to
the city and to recording a video I got
job move had too much it as you see hi
okay see ya
jab them off and off to start providing
a film main Channel video and this is
gonna be a short video but we have to
like it's hard we have to find the right
like I don't know is something to see
like an experiment slash prank so I
don't know what to call here see you
guys this way once a unit square but
when I gotta film there we're gonna go
something else about I don't know up
right now I mean shake just finished
filming the video and I got slapped
really hard do you see it
oh really yeah I gotta just come on the
hurts man yeah that like I feel the feel
it's not throwing out of him okay I
didn't expect me to get slapped it
sounds like that was amazing oh you got
the finger it's all of you comes issue
they kissed you is it guys what's up I
don't know if you guys can hear me right
now me she forgot to go shopping
it is a crazy snowy day out of nowhere
the first day of spring and it's a snowy
day but it's freezing cold and I cannot
wait to leave I really hope you okay
it's much more warmer we're leaving to
the UK on Monday morning so hopefully
it's warmer there I'm actually eating
the subway pizza I don't know how it
tastes never tried it but see how it
goes this is me waiting for shape I'm
early once again and about 30 minutes
late
look who finally decided to show up
waiting on my clothes to ring you just
came out now when we can all recall he's
still ringing on come on man oh yeah 30
minutes go I said right now a
Bloomingdale's
I chose Louboutin show coach over there
Burberry right there the Sheikh is he
just wanted to come in and just look at
rich people by self my bicep longer has
an H&M bag my stuff too okay
oh you uh-huh this really butch
apartment
Missy's nine Gucci he's hmm you're not
going to get my watch it you want a
window shop huh
watch your vegetable are you gonna
window shop oh my god I'm not going to
this isn't worth purchasing bags huh
Devils run bags alright so you're going
in there no huh after this close wrong
floor wet the bed for the Christmas
I like H&M tuba are more of Urban
Outfitters and as era and as era kind of
guy shake thanks Ugra Pandya oh my it
you know the coochie good man wait abuse
department division
oh I'll be on camera something yeah he's
a superstar historical Sam be careful
you're gonna be hit by a car like this
he's a superstar guys he's a superstar
famous wait wait wait opps an H and I'm
though don't listen then something bad I
have done
maybe the he shops an H&M laser it is
very stretchy she's rich many shops in
hmm yeah that's why he's rich
that's why he's rich good take one to
thee huh see which one are you awkward
elevator silence shake why coming here
he came to window shop in Gucci store
pick em huh
oh excuse me
my friend wants to take you out right
here he's rich he's rich right there
oh she has a boyfriend said oh recording
yeah he's supersonic recording and
inclusive uh-huh
what's wrong with cheese you are creates
Bollywood movies please be honest that
means can keep this bother with movies
he does have you know it's Bobby what
yeah just this thing like this like
gonna be much unlike cello do it do it
come on
he knows how to do it nice to meet you
man take it hello Jake this jacket looks
so sick like I want it so bad but guess
how much is it find it now guess Janet
no higher lower higher 700 no higher
yeah Alvin higher $2 higher sha la la
jolla $2,495 put this jacket I'm not
gonna like that jacket is so sick movie
and don't touch it you can't touch it
man do I get it that Tommy omigod boy
that Jack is so sick oh that's a
beautiful jacket man this deck is
amazing how much you guys think these
jackets are these guys look like they're
like 100 200 bucks but it actually costs
probably around like a thousand five
hundred guess I'll just okay which one I
guess this one is a good project 1700 so
I'll leave Ichi
voila dimension I swear one one six nine
five are you serious I swear to God I
didn't know Allah oh one six five
hundred five to fifty five dollars no no
I swear look at something else
oh that's a shirt what the heck that's a
shirt so you didn't watch right once you
guys crazy bro there's a get Xavier
Lewis two hundred good because it's on
please hit
okay click mastic I'm in love with it
shake is putting up $1700 jacket.look
yeah it looks nice really nice on me
right here why do you go lay down there
I didn't know oh honey goodbye booth
I'll buy hey guys hi happy early gift hi
guys we have a big issue here shakes up
look a big issue shake just lost my ski
mask that I was wearing the really good
ski mask which cost about I don't know
like I think it's around 90 bucks or
something like that so you guys decide
you guys decide why I should do should I
tell him to pay me back so that time to
buy me buy me another one or buy me
something else or should I just let him
go and let him slide by you guys decide
we'll look the view is that it okay okay
I sort of see what they're gonna say you
guys leave in the comments below because
that it's actually really cold and I
love I love that ski mask of stuff so
what is gonna happen
I was thinking about just letting him
slide but I want you guys to decide so
shake any thoughts
I mean anything no way anything you want
to say any thoughts the same huh huh
alright guys it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you all enjoy this flag if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey I just woke up from a
really really long nap after editing the
whole video so make sure you guys go
check out the new video the link is down
below and go give it a thumbs up for the
Arab Prince will be having many more new
videos soon so stay tuned for that we're
leaving to the UK on Monday so you might
film a video there I can't wait to your
own Birmingham then after that Ohio on
April 4th make sure you guys can get
your tickets down below I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace
by travelpod member
