hello everybody my name is Samia Saleh
and I am a mother of a three-year-old
named Reema Saleh for three years she's
have been giving me the most headaches
of my life she just makes me so so sad
because I tried today still very very
good and she makes me makes me feel
ashame well I I don't know what she's
ever gonna learn okay okay this is all
the bad stuff she always does to me that
I need help mrs. super Erik nanny she
always run away from me and I hurt
myself
she plays baseball with the man wash
this is not a baseball bats I cook with
this you wait the energy she always
drink from the carton he she lies she
lies to me it tells me that my food is
good yellow health immediate food go eat
what is that you don't like it no
whenever she goes to the bathroom I
always catch it working is a bathtub I
just feel like she doesn't even care
about me whenever I tell I'm sick she
just laughs it makes fun of me oh happy
I'm so sick we are gathered here today
to announce that Zayn Malik has
officially left one direction
she also lied to me about praying bindi
y'all has time to go play go pray now
good job my have if they always praise
someone feel super Arab nanny please
please please please please please help
me with this please hello my name is
Latifah but you can call me the super
Arab nanny I'm also known as the real
Queen Latifah I have been the best nanny
all my life my tips my advice will help
the Sal family I heard a lot of crazy
stories about this girl Rima I'm here
today in the Sala family's house and I'm
gonna help my sweet young lady who's
having so much trouble with this little
girl named Rima I feel so bad for your
mother but now I am here
to be the hero of the day so put Arab
nanny aka the real Queen Latifah aka my
favorite color is blue we interviewed
three masala to see why is she being bad
so I'm gonna I'm gonna be bad I'm
Jamaican okay damn I had enough of you
I'm now gonna live and help you up but
mostly help out your mother goodbye
let's do this my favorite color is blue
in my
how are you mrs. funny look you're gonna
have to listen to your mom
all right I'm gonna teach her how to do
the vacuum trick and put the rope around
you bang me try it again
don't do that again
don't try me try me I know you're a
famous girl on YouTube but that doesn't
mean anything can I take a selfie with
you
okay as I was saying make sure you
listen to me and you listen to your mom
okay follow me
you don't do this when you're in the
bathroom okay you know what you get to
do now you like to eat soap okay open
your mouth and say ahh
come over here why do you like that
you'll explain why are you lying about
Frank that's not good
now sit down take this and say I stuff
it a lot you like using your smug wash
the hit stuff ah
i'ma show you how is gonna be to feel
like a man wash home run don't do that
again okay
let's let me do it I will stomp on you
and I will cook you like I see it okay
okay Rima your time is up with the super
Arab nanny I think it's time that you're
done and that you will be good now you
know I'll always be good okay give me a
big hug
yeah love you too Gilligan don't make it
mom hands okay okay good hi I'll always
be good I love so much happy I'm so
happy at a good now amazing mom Allah
Allah
thank you so much okay Allah heavy feet
get up it's time to go play
