hey guys I'm Adam
welcome to AAS a dually wrench today's
topic is over thinking I decided to
change its Tran up a little bit and make
it a skit and show you guys what I over
think about before I sleep almost every
night so I'll see you then
I'm about to go to sleep it's so
relaxing
hmm okay I can't sleep okay let me we
shouldn't do um should I let me count
sheep okay
one sheep two sheep okay well I don't
know what I'm doing this is just boring
um ah so hot in here
gosh okay but now it's called us
freezing
all right now it's hot again what the
heck yeah yeah this feels perfect what
am I gonna do tomorrow
oh wow it's gonna be nice out tomorrow
yeah my just where my best house we can
go outside and chill yeah that's if I
can sleep
xiri set alarm 10:00 a.m.
what if I can't wake up at that time set
alarm 1001 am so LOM 1002 am set alarm
1003 m Oh mister so much mister Oh could
you just get over it okay okay I'll stop
I'll stop
what's something in Barlow's I should
just how much is in my life that's it
I'm just gonna in my left brain I'll
just do it okay okay all right I'm not
gonna breathe again is it that's it in
my life you don't breathe don't be done
don't breathe don't breathe don't
breathe don't breathe that's it that's
it don't breathe don't breathe oh my god
I'm so hungry uh too sleepy to go get
food but I'm too hungry to go to sleep
fine you know what let me just look at
my phone and stalk some people oh wow
she's pretty all right let me start get
some more we got our old pictures oh wow
oh my god what she looks so different
182 weeks ago oh oh what the oh my just
like the photo I just like the phone
she's giving him a creep she's gonna
think I'm a creep oh my god I just like
before over 180 two weeks ago oh my god
what was this - what am I supposed to do
she's gonna think I'm a creep okay okay
okay um I'm gonna just end my life again
yeah I'm just don't breathe out in just
don't breathe okay yes I got this don't
breathe out up don't breathe don't
breathe hold your breath in hold your
breath that's it it's over life is over
oh my god I'm such a creep AAS a daily
rants today's topic is over thinking now
over thinking I believe is the reason
behind a lot of people's stress a lot of
people go through a lot of stress and
depression and you know they always feel
down and one of the reasons is because
of overthinking
the reason I say this is because you
know you overthink stuff you think ahead
of what the situation is and when you
think ahead you're gonna break it down
into two options and there you're gonna
you know you're gonna go ahead and you
couldn't think all the negatives and the
positives and you didn't know mess up
your brain with that you're gonna have
so much on your mind and isn't above
your a lot like for example if you're
overthinking and you're thinking about
say marriage okay
not just any marriage you're gonna be
thinking about head of Myers you're
gonna be thinking about how many kids
you want even thinking about the
pregnancy or the situation they're gonna
be going through for having that kid and
you know you're gonna vote thinking
about all these stuff what I believe is
that that's overthinking you know you're
right now you're 21 22 years old I mean
I'm gonna exam for my life you're 21
years old why would you want to think
about something that's so ahead like you
know I understand it's not like tomorrow
time happen this is gonna happen like
five six year that's over thinking you
know you're thinking ahead of time I
understand sometimes it's good to like
think about your future but not too
ahead you know you want to live life
first
you don't want to keep thinking about oh
what if what if I have miscarriage or
what if what if the baby comes on this
shape or what if the baby isn't even
born here what if I can't even have kids
you know and that just bottom that goes
oh my god oh my gosh what did this
happen you know like what if is a two
things that I hate what if why do people
always do that like what if there's what
if that you know just live life you know
Yolo but you know a lot of people they
overthink stuff they think ahead of it
and it is bothers them you know I feel
like when you're thinking about stuff
you should always think about the
positive because if you think about the
negative that always ruins you
positivity like the best best best thing
ever I said this in like the ran from
two days ago that you know positive is
everything don't think negative anything
and when you overthink you think about
the negative positives all the other
stuff and you know it ruins you like
that so don't ever overthink there -
real and I talked really fast I have
like a little bit early don't that we
delayed it but you know that's just me
you know when I talk like Pacey you know
what I'm like so there was a situation
where I had to overthink you know I'm
like talking I want to speed up my words
okay I'm getting off topic now but yeah
overthinking is not good for you don't
think too much by anything you know like
this song
don't don't think about it too much to
my something like that like I know
someone who I believe overtakes a lot
like the person like oh what if we can't
do this or what if we can't go to that
position or what if this happens or what
if that happened you know like what I
was tell that person to stop
overthinking stop thinking about so
ahead you don't think about life right
now you have time later on today when
you get closer to that time then think
about it why are you thinking about that
right now
marinate should be living life you
should be living every single day as if
it's your last that's what I believe I
feel like every single day should treat
it as if it's your last day but you
don't know what's gonna happen tomorrow
so the best thing to do is live life
right now you know go outside have fun
whatever you want to do this do it do
don't do like any crime like like this
is one guy I know this guy he peed you
know you know when you put gas in the
police car or any car he peed in the
hole I don't know if he'll jump if it's
high or whatever but the guy was crazy
don't go doing that but you know live
life little just stop overthinking about
stuff you know if you're gonna think
think about it quickly you know don't
want to take you don't go ups too much
what ifs
don't go to too much and this that you
know don't go through all that just
stick in one thing and with the positive
mindset make your decision choose
something to do you know that's the end
of my rant hope you guys enjoyed
consider your thumbs up and go biryani
til tomorrow for another essay in daily
grants and that's a wrap peace don't
take back too much too much
