alright ok so I don't have to start this
video should I start with my normal
intro because I've never really brought
back an old intro yeah yeah hey guys
what's up and do me again I hope you all
have amazing ed because I'm having an
amazing it's so fun having bass Nick you
happy today do me gang this is gonna be
an unedited video this is how serious it
is for me to you yeah I'm sorry alright
so I'm scared now well he legit they
tell me shit I know this is like wall
I'm more like big on the camera it's not
I don't please tell me bro you know
please time did it yeah everybody's like
that I was like shit ok the reason why
this is like serious and it became you
know big and stuff like that sorry for
my sin room you're gonna hear them a lot
they're like in the ballot they going
crazy alright so uh yeah so the reason
why it got that big because it's a
confession that I haven't told slim for
6 years and I wasn't in confession to
you guys or nothing this was this is a
confession from me from man to man for
me to slow like it's those please I'm
scared bro fuck my heart I love this
I'll do this shit I'm gonna clear a lot
of things off and I need every single
one of you guys to watch every single
minute of it so you guys can understand
literally everything so this is a
confession from me to you and it so
happens that the camera is there I'm a
man now and I'm immature and I feel like
this is something that's already told
this uh I told this confession to
Mitchell and Mike and they're like oh
wow that's deep as deep and before me
tell everything to let me see now what
am I gonna file before can i series
about told us because they were leaving
and I'm not gonna see them so like way
after and I wanted to see the reaction
and their reaction were like a lot has
deep man that that means like they were
they understood like it's a long story
but they understood but slim I'm gonna
start saying the confession right now
hawaii's didn't mean you'll be 18 years
old
yeah 18 19 years old and since we were
18 19 now for twenty three twenty four
five six years later I never told you
this like I never ever told this but I'm
gonna tell you now okay I'm asking
questions first okay Oh mom so do you
know how do you know how my old house
looks my old house
I never been there alright so but you
don't know like how LexA nothing like I
don't know no so
all year all the five years and
everything that we've known each other
you've never been some old house so did
you have a one there like why haven't
you been to my house or no huh point am
I gonna be like did you ever wonder like
why why haven't you been that that's it
I you know what are you saying I didn't
because like what do you just I have
like evens canyons and shit like you
know okay that was it his wife there too
right okay that was an excuse that I
always told you whenever you wanted to
come to my office I just use that as an
excuse like oh my brother's wife is
there my you know my ladies there I
always use that as an excuse but the
whole time that means don't know each
other he's never ever came to Mouse and
the reason why is I was too ashamed to
say this I was too embarrassed to say
this but I used to live in projects no
way yeah nice little project do you know
what projects is another time I used to
live in the most dangerous projects in
Harlem like the most dangerous they just
want and it still is right now so I
didn't really I was I was too ashamed
then I was too I'm sorry well I
apologize I was just ashamed to tell you
that like you know a little promise you
you live like in a nice house in Bay
Ridge I live you know I lived I lived in
project since I was three rows and to
anyone who doesn't know what projects is
project is pretty much I don't know how
to explain it it's like really low
income like neighbor who can't afford it
like my parents my mother and father
they couldn't really afford like nothing
they had no money so when I was three
years old we moved into projects like
really dangerous projects where like
shootings would happen every single day
even when I would film videos in my
house like if I would do a challenge
video with Reema Austin you would hear
gunshots and I would have to take that
part out literally every single day was
like gunshots people asking me for money
every single day I would pay these
people so they wouldn't hurt my family
I would pay these people in the projects
so they can protect my family and I
thought somewhat you had a clue but now
look he has no he had no comment
yeah uh-huh that's why I didn't tell me
decided what do you think what are you
like I don't know I want to know i'ma
tell you guys more like why I didn't say
it first I want to know like what do you
think I don't know like I was just too
ashamed merely I was embarrassed like
Danny it's like that like it was that
and various that you didn't tell me
something like you telling off with
everything literally everything I don't
know man what like don't you think it's
not something that I like a lot of to
something that just keep away yeah yeah
I wanted to keep it your life and hit I
want to keep it and so like I get the
house then I'll tell you I didn't want
to tell you at the time because it was
just a lot going on seriously I have
videos that I'm gonna play right now of
like gunshots going on every single day
so this is what would happen every
single night like living in the project
and this is why I was ashamed to bring
you imagine me bringing you over and
there's people coming up to you trying
to rob you you know people try to ask
you for money people knowing that we do
YouTube when we started making money
stuff I was just so ashamed like I'm so
scared I don't know I was embarrassed
man like this is the video people
shooting every single night this will go
on every night that was in my room I was
going to other room
here I was supposed to move out to a new
house when I was 21 years old I'll tell
you guys there do me like I started
making you know money and I started
making having like a career when I was
around 21 that's when I wanted to move
my family out of the projects because I
don't want the kids you know living and
growing up seeing gunshots every single
day it was just so scary because those
projects across the street that were a
different name they had beef with the
projects with these hours so and every
day even when I would go home you know
how to go home you would go home to
Brooklyn you're going to your house I
would go home and there will be 30
people in front of the building it's
like doing drugs coming up to me you'll
give me this give me that money like
literally kind of like like pressing
like robbery and something that I would
speak out and like try to fight but my
mom my dad they were literally just like
be quiet and walk they didn't only get
in trouble they thought was not worth it
there was even a time where someone came
up to me and he literally one like this
so he pulled up his shirt and he showed
her gun and I was like my heart just
dropped I'm like oh my god he got a gun
you got a gun so I kept walking I just
kept walking I went up the elevator and
I went up stairs and it was so
disgusting man the elevators had piss
everywhere I had freaking shit
everywhere
it was I didn't want to bring you there
nasty man like a smelled so bad and what
I'm thinking right now since I told you
the confession since I got like you know
I got this house I want to go back there
and take you for another video and show
you the projects I know it's gonna be
kind of dangerous bringing a camera and
bringing us since they know us there and
they know that you know we're doing
YouTube we're doing that thing I still
don't mind going for a video and showing
you everything that I never cuz you're
my best friend man I love you my cousin
Matt what you think like like I just
like my TV or something I would never
lie just some guy kept his eye on you
while I'm so proud of everybody few
family bro love you so much man well I
hope that was probably once every month
grow up in a good estimate now another
thing why I was like really change
because when I was 21 I told like when I
started making you know YouTube as my
career I could have moved out right away
but the taxes they told me you have to
pay two years of your taxes and you have
to build your credit they didn't teach
me down at school they didn't teach me
under that's always forced to stay in
the project until I paid two years of my
tax and it kind of sucks because even my
own relatives who were like what the
hell why is Adam still live in the
projects and he's making that much money
like they just always look down on you
gonna mean because they all live in like
these nice houses and stuff and they
used to me being in projects like Oh
Adam his family or their the lame ones
did the poor ones in the projects all
who cares about them who cares about the
poor always look down that till this day
I'm still the only Muslim in that
project you know that right
damn I was eager like when I got you
know when I started growing I'm used to
so I was eager to take my family out and
to prove all the haters wrong like you
know I can move my family from the
projects and go straight to living here
in a big big house I feel like no one
will understand like you like even even
people watching like you ask the people
in New York they'll definitely
understand because people who know
projects in New York
you'll definitely understand but even
the people in America they would so
understand I feel like I don't know
people in the UK or like around the
world but they know what projects is and
it is for this project in UK as well man
I know but like do New York projects is
crazy thumbs up and do me again if you
guys already take slim to the project
small projects and to show them around
what like what we miss out like damn
that's crazy well yeah do we got a shot
now we're looking at look he's more as
more man bro that's tough
that's a big noise in my face well I'm
not like I'll be able to do I would have
been able to do the shit you done and
living in the projects and she liked the
diversity in you you like you took
advantage of what the whole YouTube
thing to get out of the project like I
want the album England like that's such
a big challenge and you don't get
overcame it bro yeah look at you now
grow up man bro wall I swear this ups
you so much I'll follow my cousin's
footsteps well you don't understand man
like my brother you might know my cousin
original story no no no and I hope it
inspires everybody out there too but
like every time I would want to like
bring you to my house I would just
imagine like imagine bringing slim like
you come into my crib and then your
reaction like what the hell like what
the hell'd piss another like what the
hell someone wants to like fight you
what someone was to rob me without
wisely you would've been confused like
what the hell that's why I just didn't
want to bring you by I feel like now
since like that I got the house and it's
official that the house is like mine is
official my families I feel like I want
to go back and I want to take you there
and I want to show you everywhere even
though it's dangerous wanna still take
you because you're my best friend and I
love you oh and hold up wait series go
since I was such like since I kept this
away from you I felt like I never
welcomed you like I know every single
day you know you're always welcome to be
I feel like I never welcomed to you to
my home but this new home is not just my
homes also your home and this is the key
less literally coming from nothing bro
yeah literally coming from nothing like
we said have my whole families have food
stamps welfare we use lose everything
man but and it's nothing wrong with that
it's nothing wrong with that it's just
that's what we had growing up until I
have this I never knew in a million you
like in a million years I would have a
house like this I thought my whole life
and we live in you know in projects and
stuff I thought no one would even want
to get married to me because I live in
Providence
I felt like damn like
oh that girl might maybe we can get
married but if she knows that live in
projects she'll be like what the hell I
never went I don't wanna get married
with you cuz he lives in freakin
projects so I felt like my whole life
was just threatened until for this to
happen it's just because everyone who's
watching 60 every single one you guys
thank you guys so much for like pumping
up the videos subscribing and like
everything I do it not me just me even
to sled like watching me son every
single day you wanna like make us smile
give you guys dope videos every day we
talk about you guys giving you guys yes
I know what's that drive but we still
want to make you guys smile we still
want to make you guys happy and at the
same time you guys show so much love
more love than what we expect man
seriously thank you guys so much you got
a real ones like for four or five years
there's so many everyone's so many
everyone's of you guys we love you guys
even the new ones love you guys you guys
are so amazing and I'm always never give
up man even if your own family is
looking down on you and hating on you
never ever give up man seriously find
that one person you know like find your
slim man it's hard to make it this video
long because it's a long long story I
just need two people it's still so much
more to it man people would just come
take advantage of us and my family's too
nice they would know to give it to them
and our own family didn't help us I own
cousins stuff like that just look down
on us like literally all of those the
poor people who cares about them they
literally they little prop the dirty
projects or never go to their house my
own family hated on me because I lived
in projects just kind of who cares first
of all who cares if someone lives in
projects if they made it out the
projects and that's cool that's good for
them that's promise but if someone lives
their projects maybe they can't afford
it like that doesn't matter man it
doesn't give you a reason to hate on
them like oh look at them they down
below they live in projects who cares
projects is nothing people broke their
and that's that's how the life is I grew
up there that's how my life was and I'm
did like I got to you know take my whole
family out with me in a house where I
can you know raise them safely and
everything is safe from hunger nothin
that's that's good but I just hate how
you know people even fatter as I told
you like people would just judge you if
you live in in projects yeah I don't
know what else I say yeah hit me harder
well they're gonna pay me harder like
damn bro say this whole time we're like
you know you're like you smiling always
happy chime the one I've always been sad
yeah
you're always happy when brother bro and
I let little shit get some Instagram
with you I'm happy you start when
they're obviously I'll be I'll get tight
I guess I went about almost fight
someone mom was saying no no don't fight
you she'll have to make me look like a
punk I would fight I don't mind but I
don't want to risk like you know I don't
want to risk what I just had and have it
all gone but whenever I was looking I
was literally happy that's why I'm
smiling cause I was with slim my success
and everything you'll have a big part of
it you have a big big part of it you
made me happy man you said that's all
that matters man happiness man sir C
2018 I promise you guys it's gonna be a
big year for slat them for the whole
1finity team same room I think I know
what else is in that's gonna have you
live that out the room love you bro 20
years from me mitts oh and Mike we had
like three four-hour talk after like
literally talking about every story so
there's so much more to it I'll talk to
you about it after this and um yeah
thumbs up if you guys wanna yeah
everyone really know if you guys want
slipped a couple my project I'll think
about it begets a couple small probably
come to where I grew up cuz I grow mom
and show you around and I'm yeah we're
gonna see how it is and um that's pretty
much it nas's and will constantly keep
they're coming too and I'll probably
tell them later I'm gonna mess with them
first because they keep asking me what's
your confession what's your confession
but now I do me getting you guys not own
my confession know I wasn't married no
I'm gonna have kids no I'm not I'm
straight you know but um no there's like
a lot of you was like questioning like
they were questioning stuff um so what I
started to think you know born transit
some shit I said a guy he's thinking I
was born a girl
like some shit yeah this dude is crazy
we'll probably still a boy now I don't
know I was thinking I swear to god
there's so much then I was thinking run
cuz I it's not like that I hear a lot of
stories like that and you know I'm gonna
be friends you know more but even if you
are I'll still be a boy you know was
crazy
another reason why I was so scared to
like you know say this is because I told
one of my boys back in the days like our
nineteen twenties old that I look at the
project and he literally looked down on
me like what the hell why do you live
there yo what the only skanky people
live there so I kind of put me in a mood
where like I didn't want to talk
anyone I didn't want to say anyone
definitely must have been an asshole so
yeah other than that um hope you guys
enjoyed this confession I hope you guys
understand I feel like the older people
will understand younger ones maybe you
guys will understand in the future Shila
bum yeah thank you guys so much
y'all hold your key don't lose the key
my honey I had the key come on miss it I
love you guys and I'm uh subscribe
thumbs up yo boasted Scott to slim why I
love you guys
guys I'll see you guys hope you guys
understand love us me and slammed on he
made it out the hood boy still some
hoodlums smiles all around
Spidey act up we go thinking back to
Brooklyn where you go creating problems
