hey guys I'm Adam and I'm shake and we
are true story a sa if you're watching
this right now we just want to say oh my
god it's windy it's like a pretty volume
if you watching this right now we want
to tell you that the s a year of tour
tickets are now live on our website the
link is down below we're gonna be going
to Paris Brussels it's just adored
Stockholm Amsterdam London Manchester
Manchester Mary cash and Marrakech Hagen
let you guys know which cities we're
gonna be performing in and which cities
are just meeting greets London
Manchester Sacco and Amsterdam will be
shows will be performing you can get
platinum tickets gold tickets silver or
bronze platinum is backstage with us
gold I believe is front Silver's in the
middle of bronze just to rest and you
feel like that Paris Brussels
d√ºsseldorf and Marrakech or just meet
and greets we weren't allowed to do
shows because of authorities over there
they were saying either do an organize
me degree or just don't come at all
so we said meeting it will be an
organised meet agree and it will be
really cheap to come to the meeting
green and for those cities I have
meeting Greece will have more time to
talk more time to chill more time to the
vlog and just hang out make sure you
guys come through and I can't wait to
see you all if you guys are wondering
what we're gonna be performing when
performing skits battles
stand up stand up sit down get it
basically we perform a variety of stuff
and we will also be performing our new
single live for the first time in our
80s a Europe tour so be sure to get your
tickets as soon as possible and here is
live for the first time front of you
guys you guys haven't heard our single
so so but you guys will hear I promise
if it's bad I will tell you it's bad but
it's really good so we'll see you guys
this summer
go get your tickets down below and tweet
us if you didn't get a ticket and I'll
see you guys soon
I can't wait it's gonna be turn up and
just get really tired and make sure you
guys know keep your eyes open when we're
on tour because we're gonna come out
nice clothes big bingo bingo me pranking
you know me pranking some people so it's
getting really big prank so I'm here you
guys warning so because you'll you'll
thank me later
see you guys
