what up guys well it's another as8 daily
rants
today's topic is exams and I will be
discussing my ways of how I passed exams
first let me get my coconut water on and
so yes all no exams to be probably the
most stressful time of people's lives
every time an exam comes closer everyone
gets all nervous they get stressed out
their mind is bloated with like backs
and and I call these other stuff you
know but for me I feel like the simple
best way to study for an exam is the day
or at a time right before it the reason
ice is because my memory is kind of
short so sometimes I forget really fast
like I would study for the whole
semester and then when the test comes up
a blanked out
I don't know if that's just mirror
that's a lot of people but for me
whenever I come near a test I was
forgetting stuff so the best thing when
I do is right before the day of the test
I quickly skip through everything gets
get everything back on my brain and then
take the test because I feel like that's
the best way because right before you
it's sticking me in your brain I'm
pretty sure I was gonna forget right
away like hey what's your name John and
then be like what's your name again I'm
pretty sure no one's gonna have that
situation you know it's gonna you guys
still remember it so that's why the best
fit for me is study right before the
test I don't know if this is true or not
but gum is also a good way to to like
take the test because they clear that
reminder something I'm not sure but it's
something that we need to take an exam
or a test another thing it feels very
beneficial is when you're taking it look
at the multiple choice options you know
there's gonna be four or five or
six-hour Mohammadi but you see use
common sense of someone I'm like if they
say what's the color of an orange you
know and thank you option like green red
purple black orange you know have
eliminating choices like take out
obviously is not black and obviously is
not purple so take those out so he might
be green or armed you never know and
then and then you know just keep
guessing and whatever you feel
comfortable in the word argh
sounds like the color orange so that
must be the answer orange you know it
just that's just an example I'm not that
stupid but you know like when you get to
the situation like that minutes like all
about common sense use it don't just be
like all this so hard you know use
common sense when answering questions
breaking down choices probably the best
way to find your perfect answer
appreciating tests they give you one
retarded answer and the rest are
actually close to your answer uniting me
like in a math example there might be
two plus two they leave your answer like
a hundred three four five six to get it
like they'll be one obvious that's not
it which is like the hundred and the
rest can be close to it and you're gonna
have to you know do math and get it two
plus two for but the best way is that
you've read before the exam trust me
it'll work because you know you don't
wanna forget it you want to have
everything you learn or everything you
study into your mind
people who studies all semester like
they studied a night like they'll be
like oh my god I have a test coming for
like six months oh my god I gotta start
studying you know there's a lot of
people like that don't deny there's a
lot of people who study five six months
before the exam and there's nothing
wrong with that
there's nothing wrong getting
information in your brain but what I
feel is that right before the test is
the best time to study you can study if
you want you can remediate but isn't
that but the day before skip to the
quickly read through it everything gets
in your brain so when you see it on the
paper you can think oh I read this
yesterday oh I know this I read this
like three minutes ago you know that
happens so trust me use that advice and
that's probably the best one I have I
don't think there's no more yeah there's
no more but hope you guys enjoyed this
random this little advice video till
tomorrow for another essay Billy rant
that's a wrap and peace hey guys I'm
Adam and welcome to a si
daily rant today's topic is exams let me
tell you guys the story about this exam
I took a couple years ago one time I was
in school and I was taking an exam but I
took the exam I didn't know anything I
didn't know any of the answers to the
questions and I even forgot how to write
my name one hour passed and I was still
I was still taking a test I just I just
didn't know what to do like I was just
staring at my papers
why is there Bollywood background music
this isn't a shake rent shots fired
I'm just kidding shake you know I love
you no I don't hi guys I'm serious now
I'm gonna let you guys know three ways
how I pass an exam that you should not
repeat not do because it was just really
stupid of me to do it if you guys know
that I did that you guys would probably
think really like just thing like really
bad about me and like I wouldn't want
you guys to see me that way or I just
think like I'm I'm that guy that would
like I don't want you guys to judge me
ha cut the music just say the same to
shake man
I'm sorry i'ma let you guys know three
dumb ways how I passed an exam number
one I sat next to the smartest kid in my
class I pretended that I was taking an
exam and stuff like that way to the
smart kid was almost done because if he
was done he just runs to the teacher and
just given the paper so I kept an eye on
his paper once he was almost done he had
about one or two questions left while
the teacher wasn't looking I took my
phone and I went like this I took
pictures of his test and he gave me this
dirty look now I was like I can put it
shut you put up chut you put him on I'm
trying to pair up Johnny Cash and I just
got me down all the answers of the
picture that I had and I ended up
passing that exam with an a-minus number
two i sat down next to an agent kid I
mean a smart kid in my class because
yeah smart like what would I have done
without you guys sat down next to this
kid we're both taking an exam I kept
trying to look as exam they kept
covering it I tried everything that I
did to like ask paper but he did not
even let me look at it a bit until I
passed him a note I wrote down to the
note I'll give you $20 if you let me see
your paper for five minutes before you
give it to the teacher you read then no
when he started smiling okay here you go
he gave me his exam and I copied every
single thing down I changed up some
answers someone looked that obvious
while I was writing down the edges he
kept rushing me and giving me this
attitude he ended up snatching his paper
and I got a paper cut my fingers so I
got really really mad luckily I copied
all the answers from his exam and I did
not appreciate his attitude on the paper
cut he gave me so I gave my exam to the
teacher and I ended up running away from
class while he was waiting for his
twenty dollars the next day I showed up
in class and he came up to me asking me
about the money and I was like I'm
legally blind number three for this one
I couldn't sit next to someone smart in
my class
just making up answers for the whole
exam so could look like I'm actually
doing something and having something
written there was really smart care my
classes name was Stephen when everybody
handed into their exams while the
teacher wasn't looking I took Stephens
paper I erase his name and I put atom
solid and in my exam I put Stephen a
week later the teacher handed back our
tests and I had an A+
Stephen God's exam back and he had a F
and he went crazy he told the teacher
that this is not his paper they're
they're trying to find out who took his
paper they asked all the students in the
class and I was just like I'm legally
blind the teacher ended up letting
Stephen take the exam again and he ended
up getting an a-plus - high-five Stephen
teamwork bro thank you guys for watching
if you did enjoyed this rant make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey
like this video let's try to reach 5,000
thumbs up on this rant so it can be our
first ever rat to reach 5,000 thumbs up
because if we don't I feel like I'm just
be like so sad and I want to sleep and I
wouldn't eat if we don't reach is like I
wouldn't you can stop shakes down here
I know teammates say do me again can do
this so make sure you do give it a
thumbs up if you can I love you guys so
much and I hope you guys did enjoy this
exam story that you guys are not
supposed to do okay
not I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another NSA daily vlogs and another a a
daily rats take care and peace
