hey guys some sweet and Rima right now
we're about to go out on a date to the
city ready ready to go
she said chucky cheese but we'll see
what I'm gonna go rainy rainy day we'll
see how it goes
guys being room I have not liked this
guy for so long
you don't like him why
so man are you
we're going in
kick it kick it
it's not basketball
come on come on come on come on come on
come on Oh be my soul he was such ripoff
sorry mom room I just want a teddy bear
thumbs up
Oh
Oh
yeah
and why
ah
I've always wondered what would happen
if I just left pretty much she's all
alone by herself like I want to know if
she would go and just tell some of the
words to Adam or something like that or
he was just thinking to try it out for a
couple minutes right now see see how it
goes
I'll I'm doing a picture where's Elmo
you're looking for Elmo
say cheese let me take a picture say
cheese psych I'm not taking a picture
I got a piano
sliggoo Viren
Elmo I think right because you lost me
here something scream your cry from here
for Elmo you're crying for Elmo you
serious
in Rima has been walking for so long
ritum you to be lonely P beard you'd a
real MVP I said you to real MVP
according to protocol
I'm with the youngest homies of the
family Marcin I don't hae done uh he
knows how to go on backwards
he doesn't go finally goes backwards I'm
with Dina give her how you doing huh say
Adam I can see Adam i can see i l-love
tale of why she always touches - you say
love yeah
you okay mustn't you crash into your
foot and I'm with Rima Robbie I Love
Lucy hey guy got a limb see a cup oh so
I got a haircut me in Japan and looks
fresh mashallah
let me see other side oh my gosh she's
so cute yes I give America so I give the
shape of myself next time on my film it
was so funny his face is so funny my
show me what buzz baby sorry what's up
you can do a backflip do it come on come
on oh I wasn't a backplane okay you're
this everybody sit down
you have the kids let's talk to Martin
come on hi guys bye it's a problem you
want a bigger video Jamela always wants
him to be in the vlogs like longer you
want to make a list full on the people
can be like oh my god you guys are on
for so long
okay say cheese cheese okay so now for
long there are three MH and we found the
Pakistani version of three babies right
there so that's me which his name is
Mohammed and that's slim
his name is the straw Jerome this is
Karim his name is Mohammed also that's
Sheikh when his name was shot there like
the other
schools are shot - Chatta - follow me on
instagram follow follow Moses go
yes our shot to miss our shot - we check
him out what's name so few guys do not
know mean Sheikh will be performing in
Birmingham at March 28th and in Columbus
Ohio at April 4th to get tickets for the
Birmingham show you could text this
number and get your tickets or click on
the link below and get tickets there it
is a charity event so everybody is
welcome for Ohio we are performing at
Ohio State University is my first time
in Ohio so I'm so so excited you can get
your tickets for Ohio and this link the
link will be literally right there down
below so come through and have fun with
us in Ohio everyone is welcome so much
your friends about your family about
your little brothers about your little
sisters about your mommy your daddy your
grandpa your grandma and I will see you
then those are the two shows I will be
having in the matter of like these few
weeks coming up but in the summer we'll
be having our asao fishel a sa Europe
tour and then after that weren't talks
with like Malaysia Singapore Canada
Australia and the US tour guys we did
not forget about us or either with some
talks with a lot of cities so we'll keep
you guys updated with that
whatup guys so right now I'm heading to
the doctor's with mother or brother
reason yeah and I'm gonna get a quick
checkup because I haven't gotten like a
month also got every two weeks but I
have nice in June what happened on it
some we have to go right now I made her
point missile I know a doctor until I go
what you call oh my god is that but
don't worry I'm gonna cover that up
someone first pick up my sister then off
to the doctors
and then the weather and the weather
today is so beautiful super hot so
what are you doing this is my reference
candy candy is it breakfast I will go
back to your cottage in my breath arena
I okay no candy let me get so meager
Susie how does it meet yo you need a
diarrhea what what but what are you
doing you think that marriage - look at
yourself that's a look behind so what
you could so use it to the final you
don't know nothing about cars shut up
you don't use that to look at yourself
no I'm ready no no no oh wait no the
cars closed come on Oh anyway I actually
clicked a button that open the window
and this happened so now he's going
crazy I can't close it
yeah the game all right calm down calm
down
however getting attention from other
people why wouldn't they
when I started making a lot of noise so
uh it happened again but this time it
was this hideous fault I know
oh wait I'll just keep coming because
calm yeah we're in a car going beep beep
every second and you want us to keep
calm we are going to give you a tutorial
lesson to drive a car since somebody
does not know how to drive and when
you're like five how are you going to
teach me I'm the reverse of 21 okay now
reverse of 21 which 12 okay now first
you see that H click it click it and
hold it for two seconds just like it
starts up the car yeah really yeah use
all your might hmm high five yeah cuz if
you're bailing think you're funny
this is the second time this happened
today oh wow you found it oh so you've
got a car you don't want to take my how
to drive a real one DPN what taking how
to drive take it teach you how to drive
very corny nanos corny popcorn oh oh and
this is why you have no friends I have
billions a bit okay and then your little
dogs don't count I don't have those is
Africa see he's so bored he ripping
paper man war why are you doing that
when you're bored when that's boring
what that's boring is to make you more
bored yeah well this is the only thing
keeping me entertained right now if
you're of keeping acetate no you're not
you're literally reporting the back of
the car I did it boy put the lemon up
the police's book let me answer yeah
because he wanted to make lemonade
hahahaha any you know no one actually
laugh at the joke they just not to just
do pity
that's messed up later over to you but
not everybody else that dope is a boss
of funny
the boss funny this song is literally on
like most hands having fun the video and
the song is always on white like I know
that your favorite song is the bomb.com
maybe like a navvy hey can I have a what
do you want uh make is very nerdy what
do you want hey hey remember me
one small iced caramel caramel frappe
and one medium Cranky's cookies and TD
cookies
Katie hey thank you very much in Indian
accent okay thank you madam hey are you
gonna look like the illest Bob when you
go in front of the window last one oh
yeah okay here thank you now is gonna be
really awkward
yeah the only way the illest Bob in
front of the next lady oh maybe like you
live what the hell have Jackson hi guys
so it's time to wrap up this vlog hope
you all enjoyed this flag if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey
thank you all for tuning in to watch our
si daily vlogs
we'll be having a new main Channel video
probably sometime this week so stay
tuned for that I will see you guys
tomorrow
tea mother say do me gang I love you
guys take care and pitch
member
