come on I don't be doing good
hey guys I'm Adam and welcome to a si
Dooley rents today's topic is decisions
you wake good morning this is a dream I
guess I just got a new guess over here
happens that we just woke up it's 4 a.m.
here and yeah how you doing
we're gonna talk about decisions right I
just woke you up I'm sorry but I need to
teach you about decisions already I'm
gonna tell you 5 ways I'm gonna tell you
all 5 ways how to make a good decision
number one this is whew
ok before we make a decision get as much
information as you can ok you can't just
make a decision without knowing anything
you need to know all this ugh as much
info as you can number two nope yo don't
overthink it don't always think you know
what you're getting all the information
when you're about to make this decision
don't overthink it don't let you know
negative thoughts coming to your mind
cause we're negative thoughts come to
your mind when you're making the
decision is gonna result to a negative
decision so don't overthink it okay
number three bro you can wake up look
into the future you know imagine what
would happen if you whatever decision
you make so think in your head if I make
that decision what would happen what
risks what happened what what you think
would happen would it be positive stuff
or would it be negative stuff so always
be one step ahead and look into it look
into the future you know think what
would happen if you make whatever
decision you will make number four good
job make it up with whatever decision
you make it may not be the right one so
be ready have backup have a plan B but
not only a plan B also a plan C but not
only a plan C also a plan D but not only
a plan D also a plan E but not only a
plan II also a plan F but not only a
all right so have backup that's what I
was saying you listening
yeah I basically have a back-up plan be
ready for that but I'm trying to give
you advice what's wrong with you what do
you mean so much questions b-boss plan
Plan B Plan eight alright number five
before making a decision you up yeah bro
stop sleeping I'm serious you woke up
for a reason I didn't wake you up you
okie suffer right there
God woke you up for a reason so you can
listen to my advice on decisions oh I
just rhymed ask your friends for advice
but wait sometimes your friends can give
you bad advice and they can you know you
never know if they can be jealous or or
something they can give you bad advice
and tell you something so you can make a
bad decision so ask the friends that you
truly trust or if you want you can ask
you know ask a teacher ask some of that
it's really smart like an expert at
something about your decision and
remember think twice about whatever you
decide to do I've made a lot of bad
decisions and I feel like sometimes when
you risk something and make a bad
decision good things will come
so try to risk some stuff maybe not
really bad stuff but try to risk some
stuff and be careful and always think
positive I love you guys so much and I
hope you all learned something and I
hope you learn something did you learn
anything yeah tell me one thing you
learned today but why are you giving
them dollars of my information like
absent if you hope you guys enjoyed this
rant if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey of that I'll see
you guys tomorrow leave a comment below
of what topic you want us to do next on
a si daily rant
social sorta happens in for waking you
up but thank you so much for
participating and it's a seed in Iran to
truly miss left
I'll see you guys tomorrow team aracite
do me gang I love you guys take care a
piece I like what up guys welcome to
another ASC daily rant today's topic is
decisions I know this might sound a bit
cheesy but always follow what your heart
says when you come to a like a position
we have to decide between two things the
reason I say this is because if you
think about it most of the time when
your heart says something it's usually
for your best like say out of the blue
okay say there's two girls okay
yeah they both like you and you have to
choose one enough for your prom one of
them is very smart but her only problem
is that she doesn't look all you know
beautiful and stuff and the other one is
very beautiful so attractive but her
problem is that she is kind of slow you
know she's not she's like she has blonde
moments here and there you know so then
you have to choose one which are you
gonna take to the prom so this virgin
you close your eyes right and you go hmm
which one should I pick and whatever
your heart says cuz your heart seemed to
sigh like oh this one's more insu this
one is perfect for there's that whatever
your heart chooses choose that one
that's the best advice I'd give you
whatever your heart decide because
sometimes in life when you choose your
mind over your heart you end up like in
a wrong position but along with your
heart I think another best idea when
you're having a problem deciding is ask
your close friends and family because
those are people who really know you
those are people who can help you and if
you ask like a stranger like these two
girls which one should I go for you know
the straight is gonna be like Oh get the
beautiful one kids before but she
doesn't know that the beautiful has a
lot of side effects
so obviously you can't ask that but when
it comes to your friends and family you
could be like alright not family
obviously because you can't ask your mom
this question but if you ask your
friends you can be like yo this is two
girls your the name is Stephanie and
Jennifer and you know they both like me
but I don't know which one to take to
the problem what do you think and your
friends me be like hmm you see yeah
Stephanie's kind of smart but she and
all that but Jennifer if she is all that
but she's not smart so
I don't know man but I think you should
go with with things we go with Stephanie
and you're younger like hmm that seemed
like a good idea and you - Stephanie for
the prom because your friends are like
how do I cease okay you know the show
like you know the show do you want to be
a millionaire you know how they give you
three lifelines and then they bring you
down to call a friend so they see that's
what this is called a friend you know
your URI decided one but just to make
sure you can call a friend you know and
he might choose the opposite way to
choose that's when you choose 50/50 but
you can come to a decision of that is
this many all set is it I don't know I
feel like I'm blabbering but I'm mostly
trying to say is follow your heart but
alongside ask a close friend or family
because the best thing to do is get
another opinion you know you can't
always decide everything you own you
have to get other opinions ask your
friends family and see what they're up
to you know because sometimes in life
you can't always depend on yourself you
have to like ask other people for advice
or ask other people for opinions so
don't be ignorant don't always like
think of yourself don't be subcenter
like oh whatever I say goes
I understand it's your life and
everything but a friends point of view
is much better than your own point of
view you can't see the bigger picture
like your friend camp you know
so with those of mine I hope you guys
enjoyed this rangas video a thumbs up
go biryani and till tomorrow for another
AAS a daily rant if you guys have any
toffee so you guys want us to talk about
comment below and let us know we will go
through our comments and we're gonna
choose random topics that we will be
talking about for more rants and also
please be advised that the Jennifer and
stuff in your fictional and I did not
ever come to a point where I had to
decide between two people - those are
problems I'ma be honest I know what - a
problem but yeah that's a wrap
