as I'll find it with Rima teaching you
how to ride a bike Koriyama you got this
come on
Rima as you can't look go push it push
it like push it push it hard come on you
do this for three years old
oh come on Rima see you can't hear I
can't go back
go nigga yeah yes yes yes yes yes yes
yes yes you're a fraud yes harder ah ah
you're doing it this is a very good job
with you keep going
good job Rima say yeah buddy you here
buddy come on don't do it backwards you
do it backwards I'm used to them doing
the break look straight look sure so
when you go look straight going down
that's her weaknesses she looks down
through me going down a hill go ms lima
going on we're going shopping for the
house I like that one I don't like that
like other one what kind of cereal do
you guys like leaving comments below me
personally I like I like cocoa pebbles
or frosted flakes action come on room 8
is my jam hey hey hey push push
we're just crushing everything but she's
doing a better job with me muttering me
got this yeah what that one okay put on
your bucket put it in your bucket
yes she was damaged
dreama stop reboot was that real quick
me with the homie was it I miss them so
much
to your heads growing here's going back
you want the man bun again huh
do you do ya do ya all right so I
decided I should give Muhsin a shape up
or maybe like a nice table I have like
all the equipment for their cup was up
for me to film it while I'm getting him
what's up he's getting bigger and Rima
got chubbier ring me got chubby no yes
he did yeah Rima got chubby and Mawson
you just grew like a little old early
you got bigger what's up what are you
saying my name Dina I miss you you okay
okay
huh hey guys what's up
we are back in New York City Union
Square not for long because we're going
to Ohio this Friday performing in Ohio
State University so make sure you get
your tickets down below and come through
a turn up with us because it is going to
be the last show that I'm gonna be doing
with my man bun yes I am shaving off my
man but I don't know what hair so I'm
gonna do yet but you guys let me know
the comments over here so how should I
change it back to what noodles short
hair balls I don't know who Tommy is a
rainy day but I'm about to meet up with
the boys right now I'm going to Dunkin
Donuts I miss Dunkin Donuts so so much I
remember the meeting in London someone
try to give me a heist caramel latte
from Dunkin Donuts in London
marquita hold it because we're so
crowded and I thought I thought I held
it I would like to tell us some like
this I'm sorry I didn't take your iced
caramel latte but it does not taste I
heard it does not taste the same as it
is in New York City the New York City
Dunkin Donuts are much Daisuke malate is
here a much much cooler what's up I mean
I've seen him so so long like when they
came in I know feel like solo they came
in I'm like oh my god
so you guys are watching this vlog this
is a real lie it's not April Fool's like
watching the right before that you're
watching April Fool's black so you've
been fooled what do you think about Zayn
Malik or doing one Direction's a Moloch
my mother artists or singer the singer
one direction the band One Direction
sour old man Ruben
most tell me about get a singer who's in
bed tell me about the band oh they seem
songs like songs and he'd left the man
they played on a delay the song they
play heroine five we're like do you know
that song of us my Ani current is going
oh that's all yeah that's his as
one-directional so cool so what do you
think about him as mi screaming oh well
if I could remember who it actually is I
would say so hot about it as much as
what it is I like that song and I kind
of don't don't let the con catch dudes
acting like they don't match you those
won't act and patchy
tackier between the rap I ain't even
trying to rap you but we want a video
are we gonna attack - we had a video
behind us a video on the Cyrus say I
need to try to rap - cuz there's only
one of us and there's only one of you a
so catch me what you're gonna catch you
bachelor rapper yo hey yo hey yo hey yo
can i suck on your toes oh no hey guys
so we just gotta with shake shake
like that
buddy
doors
sound or you say yeah actually mean
Slim's here it's not longer than ready
my hair look fun
Hatchin
all I had so close by killing see by my
teeth by royalty I put it in my nose
look my eyes in my nose
I could take it out look I'm in the
chain right now just stuff with lemon
cream and I've been waiting for about
like 40 minutes and the Train what my
train has not showed up yet and I feel
like it's like April fooling me or
something like that so now my brother my
older brother Bryan is coming look what
time is it it's 3:24 a.m. so now called
my older brother and he's coming off my
house it's cupcake via so huge shout-out
to older brother Bryan you do realize VP
brother my father coming up the muffins
come on up and let's see how long he's
gonna take cuz you know his Arab timing
is just like mine so let's see how this
goes I had a long day I've been off like
12 hours seems so weird we're not so
long my eyes are like bloodshot like I
could go to sleep any minute now is what
I get
fooling you guys train fooling me and
I'm still here in Times Square look I'm
legit here still here in Times Square
look I'm still here in Times Square
stuck in the middle night alone all
alone you got my brother right there huh
yeah yeah that's him
I'll say on that Parviz luck I don't
jump stays picking up oh I got time to
wrap up this vlog hope you all enjoy the
flag who did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey
if you guys do not know I prank shaykh
Akbar in London but the prank that I did
on him I feel like it did not go as well
I was at the wood it was good but I
don't think it's main channel material
because it was unexpected first of all
I've recorded with a black camera a
second of all and what kind of wrong
because someone like told I don't know
someone told them and that the prank had
to be ended or else but what it got
violent so that's what I feel like it's
not main channel material anything like
that so I am gonna upload it in the vlog
channel instead and shake I'm gonna get
you back properly and just watch so it's
gonna be able to live like China I do
not know one
you guys will see it and hopefully
everything goes well so I will let you
guys know one will be up we have five
days left to the ACF tour tickets will
be on sale and going live and we have
probably four days left for the Ohio
show so make sure you get your tickets
down below I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care I love you guys t maister do
me gang and pitch see you tomorrow I
love you
by travelpod member
