hey guys what's up right now I am here
NYU College New York University I'm so
mad right now because it's a beautiful
day it's like almost 60 60 65 degrees
and the guys they want to meet their
mood meeting up now and it's literally
almost 7 p.m. and it's gonna get dark in
like 20 minutes so the day just
literally went to wait we wanted to
enjoy the day and enjoy the Sun but guys
don't wake up to like I thought I wake
up I wake up like going to a 3 p.m. but
then I want to meet up like 4 or 5 p.m.
these guys don't do what they don't
wanna meet until it's like 7 8 & 5 which
is like no point cuz it gets dark and
stuff like that usually we're always at
Union Square Park
but today we're at Washington Square
Park you guys almost a little more
farther out we filmed here before it's a
little more further out from Union
Square this is Washington Square
yesterday at our 600
oh I got to keep it on my throne set
straight up
oh my god
oh boy it is bad so I don't know you
doing that so thumbs up so it comes up
Doug you okay how's your day going
is it good you think on that I'm scared
to touch it no he's nice and just touch
it I'm scared though you touch a person
just in case if he bites you then it's
okay hi darling how you doing
sick moves me
here in New York City you will meet the
weirdest people like if you guys thought
I was weird
trust me I'm normal here Oh everybody
around here is weird but it's really
interesting to see you know how they are
just what they do they have really crazy
talents so it's pretty cool
guess who decided show up your Adam shut
up what what are you sure those guys I
tell these guys this to meet at 4
o'clock 5 o'clock they show up like 3
o'clock I will tell you aski became six
to keep follow you guys keep an eye on
yourself walking freely I'm gonna wait
unlike said watch now on I'm early by
myself I like hanging out in the dark I
wanna hey guys I'm serious look at these
idiots is there gonna be freezing cold
they weren't sure it's thinking of me
but sure give me 10 minutes 10 minutes
it's gonna be so cold
are you gonna enjoy your now penguins
just leave us big posts right there so
we at the basketball court we just
busted
we weren't we're not no more but we
busted some crazy ass today I mean soon
with every pitch so they both pay good
they both had six shots like I know but
I see what's going on yeah alright so my
defense they don't call me brahmam
nothing army so yeah we just busted a
mess and now we're gonna go eat this up
those cookies go to NYU this is where I
used to go crazy nerd
my friend is a comedian yes yeah you
wanna hear a joke just music I don't
want to get a comedian I'll tell you
right now so basically we looked at an
ozone was like 61 degrees so we're like
you know give me mad hard so me and him
came in short sleeve and everyone else
here has Jack Assad we look like a
gumball right now that right here is the
World Trade Center and I was like
freedom saw everything
so cool we're going
on a favorite rocket ship zooming
through the sky little last night
take a look ready to explore that's over
you know I notice every time we go
summer we always depend on like you Adam
where we going to little kids you do so
here what is the matter sir somebody's
lost baby in the swim swim just go with
the flow Roby doodle yo yesterday we
walked like little literally two months
but like you're out and where we're
going
so we were walking for so long cuz its
limits shake I'm trying to show them
this nice smoothie spot slimming shakes
a nice pop and they're not following
those have following me stuff like that
so I'll shut up Nancy always keep us
okay listen I got you relax the patient
saw Bruins Dominion you get mad when we
go to become Lady Shiva battle get my
doing most of my day just walking around
just get it over no no I'm taking it on
that sorry not doing huh Doron I take
you it's a nice fun this hip in this
video love you you don't Eddie stepped
on a shit like three time you're
watching I think is this way hello we're
all taking this far now relax
I'm not even mr. jumpsuit can be done
yeah look your left
so we just left Adam cuz this guy is
taking us all over the place
we've mean spit up so we can go our own
way he goes in zone with no SS so yeah
we're just gonna go our way
cuz I'm math day I have to get refreshed
I'll see if it messing with us pictures
around the block literally we stepped on
the same poop for like three times so if
he kept going over over same thing
alright poor Adam all by himself
you're going the wrong way this way yes
it is yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah let me think your child I'm gonna
let you know it's them where we going
Sam slim so much are you going Oh
Simba's are we going so awesome hi guys
so I just made shaken huh yeah this is a
bonus walk ever and yeah this shot of
percent that they're happy with this
home an amazing walk right
I made them walk for an hour and a half
they're walking to know where everything
around the block everywhere for no
reason yeah you guys wanna how many are
outside in walking okay
let's walk so finally went to a spot you
got some smoothies and stuff oh you have
the cold now huh oh oh you guys are
called you guys that's where they're
cold they're tired but they just don't
want to admit it they've been walking
for like probably like four or five
miles like this he's freezing wait
here's their pocket huh oh he calls all
the way folding is like all these body
movements is it cold Adam can't go into
the bathroom with ups moving
Hera's Yelp
finally all right so I'm a reveal you
guys the fake smile and the real smile
if you guys didn't watch yesterday's
vlog and I'm gonna see Yusuf's decision
what he's gonna say which one is the
fake smile which one is the real snow
we'll see if he's correct and we'll see
if you guys were correct a lot of you
guys were wrong which I'm pretty mad
about because you guys are supposed to
get it right vomit I'm gonna teach you
guys with why which one is the real one
and why which one is the fake one all
right you ready
that's smile number one all right I got
some a number to smile number two which
one is fake which one is real number two
is fake huh that's right thank you
you're wrong number two is the real
smile cuz you're teasing too much.this
yeah that's why I forgot i'ma teach you
got something pretty cool the reason why
this is the real smile
I told slim to make me laugh this is the
real smother one I'll just smile by my
own and if you notice if your eyes chink
up like this if it gets smaller that
means it's a real smile but if you go to
the other one as you can see in the
other one you see this other one I'm
barely like chink in my eyes so this is
like a fake smile you will see what's up
now let's see what with with a shake one
alright smile number one okay
look closely okay smile number two which
one which one number one number one I
see now you got her I see nyah nyah the
number one we made him laugh this is
number two this to fix mob see closely
his eyes are really like more open than
the other one look out number one I
never want to see like number one his
eyes are more you know squinting mean
slim made him laugh you know so he
smiled this was a genuine smile so just
taught you something cool better luck
next time let's give a couple shout out
so that people actually got a right
sincerely Bushra you got all of them
correct which is very very cool Sarah OH
two three four you got it correct angel
star you got it correct
dance or a wild you gotta correct run
though you got it correct
congratulations to you guys and better
luck next time I got a seven the vlog be
sure to give you a thumbs up and go
granny hope you guys enjoyed our
enjoying our daily vlogs and our daily
rants a14 some days we forget to upload
Iran so we
you know we can't put a barrette but we
would try to be more constant and also a
quick reminder that if you guys did not
get your tickets for our Birmingham show
be sure to get it it's in my profile or
Adams profile on Twitter or Instagram so
check them out and get you to take the
soon as possible we will be in
Birmingham on the 28th for our charity
event and we want to see you there so
till tomorrow that's a wrap
peace
