hey guys sup hope you guys all doing
great because I am doing great - on this
rainy rainy day I got this huge umbrella
I just got it right now because I can't
stand when I when I walk in the rain and
just get wet and it feels so I know it's
just water but it feels so weird so I
decided to get and watch when I meet up
with the guys none of them are gonna
have any umbrella and it's rainy today
none of them and they're all just gonna
go under mine but that's why I made sure
I got a big one because I know they're
not gonna bring an umbrella they're
gonna come in it look how big this
thing's this thing is huge
wait so long yeah yeah come on minute
wait a sec so long Taylor y'all hungry
so eat so I'm gonna go with tell me
should I gotta get alone nobody you guys
eat without me so I can't put you a
little bro I don't wanna eat alone oh
yeah hire it bro bro yeah it's my
brother's gonna be like
I now add this chocolate spice called
Max Brenner's literally everything here
is
the most favorite slot I like so if you
guys ever come to New York comes to Max
Brenner so we ordered some food
first I'm doing
Max Brenner
so we need to be
this Coulomb pains ice cream these
chocolate chips chocolate cake this
looks so amazing shakes out what are we
doing here he hates chocolate you cannot
see sorry - chocolate say sorry -
chocolate
that's what I want to talk again
and this is your fire for a Stanhope
there you go it's good as a kiss on
material thing this is strawberry
this is oh it's so good
she wasn't
she doesn't like chocolate O'Shea look
Adam and Adam turn these by just them
you're not you're not one of the Adams
huh hey you just and to finish your
sentences go let me show you guys new do
this we do is face
oh yeah right they look like twinsies
have you guys done oh I did a trick is
today on shake slim and Kareem and I got
it from brain games this show that I got
so addicted to and I noticed I got some
of you guys with it too so I was a
pretty good job so I'm gonna give you
guys a test right now all right so we're
gonna see if you guys can know if each
of us have a fake smile or a real smile
and you have to leave it in the comments
below and we'll let you guys know
tomorrow which one was the fake smile
and which one was the real smart
now you guys tell me if my fake smile
was number one always the number two now
shake
Hey hi so you leave in the comments
below and you let us know which one was
the fake smile for me shape and slim
we'll see who gets the right we'll give
a couple shout outs on tomorrow's blood
it will see who's right I'm gonna do a
mind game okay darn you thank you phone
number and even number okay you guys do
all right thing man I'm ready to even
all right okay sounds bye - 100 yeah / -
Oh Charlie that's just subtracted by the
number you started with
yours obviously so I just came down from
there was these three Muslim brothers
who came to my house to give like Jamaat
they're from like a good cup public
Jamaat and what they do is pretty much
they go to people's houses and they they
give Islamic Dawa and stuff and the kids
are house and this came from that and
surrounded a learning about new stuff
like this was I like it's it's a good
feeling for the heart and they felt
really good talking to my stuff so shout
out to do those two dear brothers I
forgot their names already but there's a
Pakistani brother in the bengali brother
and I forgot the other one but thank you
so much for coming through and look who
we got in our house hey guys we got
muddled my man here he came he comes
every other day for him and so what am i
are you doing
I just came with the public people yeah
hey uh I wanted to go with this from
each chick so yeah yeah so shout out so
much for coming through you know he's
half Pakistani - Ali yeah you know then
nobody to care about Fidelia so yeah as
usual we can play some grand the photo
I'm killing you right now I but I better
really sick car enough that's my
character yeah if I talk to my spoiler
but did he see people start listening -
yes like if you agree yeah well say
Gideon Allen Cydia yeah hey what do you
think you're sailing I told you buy a
spoiler for his cart spoilers affecting
no that's I'll be ok I'm gonna get that
if you agree comment know who gets
closed on so much go in my sexy car
that's my car right I just bought there
recently
fresh trying I can't do a thing with one
hand
oh yeah they get look at that beautiful
baby right there
and look at look at look at the neon
lights let me see your side I'm a
shoulder side damn look at that oh at
least it a probably season front let me
see my beer from the front dan dan Oh
heavy
no the heavy Cartwright I will give a
shout-out to my friend I came here there
was a bro Fatih
another one was a deal boy ideal and
yeah that's the name of the brother that
came today right yeah yeah yeah yeah and
the other one was cheaper I would like
to give a shout out to my brother sunny
Dan ladies sick oh I'm in love with this
car oh yeah I told my brother's to keep
quiet look at him
yeah I decided closet to watch a movie
do and I'm playing right now with slim
mashallah this is my character and grab
the photo I'm right now I'm in suburban
Outfitters it's like urban office with
suburban and I don't know what to get
you know I like just in Class C so I'm
probably gonna get like suit jackets
that looks sick I'm coming at that yeah
that looks Wicky I'm bout to get that
damn look how much it is 2875
yeah alright guys so it's finally the
Vaughn jurist England match I'm about to
watch it so hopefully in Charlevoix
minutes cuz this is their first weigh
your batting first will get me ready to
go but hopefully when I'm with uncle hai
Kaun hai na what do you think they went
a high now who do you think that I would
say I think yeah my name as a kid's it'd
be maybe you saw a Bangladesh hmm you're
like England ah no I like both because
validus me is my mother country so I do
like Bangladesh oh cool I am supportive
on what is today okay thank you very
much you was company thank you and enjoy
the show
well so far I still like badges and
doing oil they seem like they're messing
up a lot like they losing calves and
stuff so I mean they getting at it but
oh yes
six-six much mythix finally but besides
that before that they were doing a
little bad so hopefully another murder
you'll have to do in rich and yes I'll
be up all night watching this ranch yeah
I'm obliged it that's a wrap so tomorrow
and people
