hey guys what's up this is Adam and
welcome to another day of a sa dually
wrench
today's topic is bad day so I'm gonna
tell you guys how to get over a bad day
so if you're having a bad day today then
it's your lucky day I'll be telling you
guys five ways to get over a bad day
number one do something relaxing
something soothing is something that
makes you just think about nothing else
like something so stress-free like a
nice hot bubble bath or you can just go
to the spa go in a pool and just lay
down and just relax and just not think
about anything and just be stress-free I
feel like that'll make you you know get
over your your bad dam you could just
forget about it number two you can talk
to someone about it and try to fix it
just let out all your feelings to that
person you know that you're in a letter
even if it's us or anything or if it's
one of your close friends just let it
out you know let your heart out and see
if you can solve that issue solve that
bad day and to be honest if you can't
this goes onto number three just move on
with that bad day and you'll start a new
day tomorrow if you guys want you can do
what I do every day I have a new day
resolution like every day when I wake up
okay today is gonna be a nice happy
positive day I feel like a new year
resolution it's like way too long so
having a new day resolution and focus on
what you're gonna do that day or that
week or new week resolution there's
something that can keep you positive and
keep you smiling and won't cause you
having a bad day and if you do too
smooth on and start a new day resolution
number four
think positive you always think positive
and if you always talk positive it
spreads more positivity which creates
more positive stuff to happen but if you
talk and think negative stuff more
negative you know reactions will happen
no more negative stuff will happen which
you don't want because you're having a
bad day but if you think positive talk
positive and be confident you have to
always be confident and yourself believe
in yourself trust me I said let me be
like that on guys see me like a crybaby
and just whenever I lose I'm like oh
that's it I lost them I was so negative
but these days like I'm just you know
what screw this you got to be confident
just be yourself
believe in yourself you got this have
faith in yourself I have faith in you
too so be strong number five watch our
videos if you're ever having a bad day
come through watch our videos watch our
old videos watch whatever video you
enjoyed the most and just have a laugh
or if it makes you smile then smile
because our videos is to make you guys
smile to make brighten up you guys days
and not make you guys go through you
know a bad day this is what mainly what
we do videos for so you guys can be
entertained so you guys can smile and
your day can feel better and so you guys
can figure all this fester you guys had
all day and just you know forget about
everything for that 10-15 minute or
however long the video is so I feel like
if you watch our videos it can make you
guys smile can make us forget about a
bad day even if it's not for long maybe
that positivity will spread more
positivity so now you watching this you
have to smile give me a smile come on
smile say cheese
you're not smiling come on cheese cheese
cheese
smile come on teeth give this video a
thumbs up you're really dead smart all
right guys I hope you guys enjoyed this
ASAP ranks leave a comment below on how
your day is going today and I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another a a daily
rant another a st. daily vlogs
take care I love you teammate you say do
me gang I'll see you soon lame
what up guys welcome to another is a
daily rants today's topic is how to get
through a bad day and I have some simple
ways to get through a bad day first of
all what I always think is always think
positive you know every single day
always think positive
wait you think negative is gonna affect
you for example say you have a zit that
grew in your face I don't know where and
when you see some people would react the
home man my day is ruined I got a zit on
my face and some people were just you
act normal like oh no this is it so to
manage everything depends on how you
react to things if you think of this zit
as a negative way like oh man look so
ugly now I can't go in the street who's
a laugh at me then your days and get
ruined just because you were thinking
about that but if you think of an
appositive way like oh it's just as it's
not a big deal or or it'll go away you
know if you think about like that your
day will go positive and you could just
move forward with that you're thinking
about that we've been thinking low or
even thinking down in yourself you know
so that's number one what I believe is
that you should always stay positive
positivity is always the best way to get
to stuff
number two is turn everything negative
into a good thing so you fell down your
trip don't count as a
bad day counted as something to happen
in your good day
so say you just fell down but I'll stand
back up and move forward just keep
moving forward don't step back because
you need to look back man oh it hurts or
damn I fell down you know if you think
about that you know how to progress you
move on you just didn't think about what
happened but if you keep going forward
and you just look straight smile and
just enjoy the rest of your day you're
gonna have a more amazing day to balance
everything that I'm at a point now is
basically going back to number one which
is always stay positive you don't matter
what condition you are always stay
positive and to be honest I feel like
that is the main reason of how to get
through a bad day positivity because if
you think negative something you're
gonna get you're gonna be caught up with
so much emotion so much feelings so much
problems and that's all because of your
negative thinking
but it's think positive then it's not
happen if you think positive what
negative thing could come in if you turn
everything that's negative to positive
then you're just turning everything your
life into positive stuff you know what I
believe is everything in life is based
on what you think of it and how you look
at it like if you're looking at a mirror
you can either look at yourself like aw
man I'm so ugly
or you can leave yourself like oh my god
I'm so good-looking you know it depends
on everything how you look so don't look
at anything negative trust me I'm saying
this right now this would you go to your
nearest mirror and look at it look at
yourself like oh man I look so hot right
now or a man I look so sexy right now
you know just did say all these positive
compliments about yourself don't go look
at your neighbor call man I look so ill
don't don't think like that
trust me if you look at it and you think
positive I promise you the positive
thing that you're looking at it's gonna
be reflected and your days gonna be
reflected on that you can continue
moving forward and thinking all this
positive stuff in your head you know
move forward with that but if you think
you think negative I'm telling you right
now you're gonna have like a negative
day you're gonna like move forward like
negative mindset you know so the best
thing to do to make your day amazing or
to get through a bad day it's just think
positive there might be a lot of
negative stuff that might happen that
you might have you might be cross the
street and a car goes so fast and the
puddle that goes all over you that might
happen but if you think about that all
day if you con on that it's gonna
ruin it you know you have to always
think positive be like laugh about
hahaha oh my god I got water dirty water
all over me you know it's turn
everything negative into positive and
that I believe is the best way to get
through
bad day so hope you guys enjoyed this
frankerz video thumbs up good money
until tomorrow for another ASD daily
rinse and yeah that's a wrap peace
