remember to look to take that pot yet my
husband start again because like this
local boy let's see if I can see my
intro the fastest way ever ready set go
hey guys what's up and do me hanga hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing so if I'm having a
miss did you love everything about my
god let me try it again hey guys what's
up and do me cago hope you're having an
amazing because I'm having amazing smoke
my mom you know oh my god I keep messing
about the same spot hey do me gang today
I'll be finally reacting to you guys
reacting to the way neck music video and
I just want to say a lot of you guys
reacted to the way neck music video I
went online and I stalk some of you guys
and it was thousands and thousands of
people who made videos reacting to a
night so thank you guys so much for
reacting to a neck I know I cannot react
to all of you guys reacting to a night
but I did watch a lot of reaction videos
to wane ik and you guys are seriously so
amazing I always watch you guys videos
just like you guys watch my videos also
do me a like in the future when I
released my moto music video I just want
you guys to know that any of you guys
can react to my music video it doesn't
matter how many subscribers you have
300,000 subscribers 3 million
subscribers or three hundred subscribers
I don't look at anyone differently
everyone is the same to me as long as
they're genuine from the inside that's
what means the most to me numbers don't
mean anything so do me gang I just want
you guys to remember that just cuz I
have 3 million followers doesn't mean
anything what matters is what's inside
my heart because if someone has let's
say 10 million subscribers and the way
they act is like a complete douche bag
and a complete Butthead then those 10
million subscribers don't mean anything
so do me gank remember do not look down
at anyone and also do not compare your
success to anyone else be good be humble
and focus on yourself but yes it's
finally time I'm gonna react to some
wingnut reaction videos
so means how are you no no no no no no
no no I think she just looked up what
way neck means on google translate and
it said how are you do not trust Google
Translate I've used it before and
they've lied to me way neck means where
are you I feel so bad for her oh my god
Google just lied to her man oh my god
okay do me again you know what I love
about Wayne I even Americans are
watching and listening and reacting to
wayna which i think is really really
dope because a lot of people have
misconceptions and Arabs and in fact
that right now I'm guessing she's
American and she's listening and
reacting to an AK means so much to me
because look she's jamming to it she's
jamming to to a song that has our words
in it tell me that isn't dope adieu me
game we'll put the Middle East in the
map okay I'm about to react to another
video and I noticed a lot of you guys
have been titling these videos our girl
reacts to a knife even a couple that
says desi girl reacts to a neck high so
this one is called Arab girl reaction
let's watch it okay we're both wearing
black a match okay okay
she knows it hey hey look at my mom's as
skinny as hell get another one what I
feel like a little puppy because she
keeps saying oh my god it's so cute let
me see if she said okay follow me oh not
busy thank you so much what's her name
Emily thank you Emily and thank you
okay hey he's looking for the model
seven uh hi guys my second it was a I
love this do it already right here man
he's right he's right only I would say
something like when life gives you Y
Emma and baby makes him Yemeni and the
crazy thing is he knew where Yemen was
on the map a lot of people around the
world they do not even know where Yemen
is so the fact that I can you know
mention Yemen and put Yemen in my song
and put it out there you know on the map
feels you know really good because
that's my home country Yemen so I got to
keep reppin you know when life gives you
Yemen baby makes them Yemen age why does
this kid have no reaction like he's just
blinking like look he's not impressed at
all like he's just like say something is
it good is it bad you don't like it
he's still like this I'm not he's not
saying anything yo I'm done with this
kid man
I mean it's called Adam solloway neck
reaction video but it seems like he's
not even like come on yes yes you got it
come on hey thank you thank us he's a
lot hold up wait let me rewind that back
real quick I heard someone in the back
it sounds like lady's like telling him
say I love you like I don't know how I
should feel like this kid doesn't
doesn't love me like his I don't know
who had to tell him to say I love you
don't I thought you loved me
and I thought I loved you - I'm just
joking - do me again I know he's a
little kid and maybe the person behind
the camera was probably I don't know a
fan or something they probably told him
say I love you Adam and he seems like a
fan too so homey I like you man I can't
wait to meet you soon
no these ones always crack me up what
bag this this low-key I do me I'm not
even joking but the video just ended him
saying that but boy what bag how you
trying to roast my girl shut Shabs did
an amazing amazing job and if you have a
problem with that lo boy go speak to
Japan I'm just joking but I yeah go
speak to Japan Wow I love her hair she
has really long hair all right first of
all I love your shirt you have an
amazing amazing shirt with the a us on
second of all both animals was scary as
heck and I almost got attacked like ten
times off-camera so trust me
Martis cell trust me Marcel I almost got
bit by a lion bit by Tigers almost fell
off the yacht while it was moving but
it's all good I made it out alive
she knows thank you she okay
she got alright see she explained it
I'm not Amaya I'm not from Lebanon I'm
from Yemen actually but Lebanese people
I love them so much Lebanese food I love
Lebanese food so much I mean maybe you
should let me know what's what's your
name Linda Linda Linda Christina maybe
you should let me know one day if you
wanna you know if you want a date like
it's up to you like what kind of day do
you want for them about do you want like
the little dates are the big dates do me
gag that is the end of this video I just
want to say thank you guys so much for
always reacting to my music videos I
will be doing another one for the Moto
music video once it comes out so do me
again if you guys want to participate
you can participate and react to the
Moto music video and if you guys enjoy
this video make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey adieu be gay
well you guys are watching this right
now I'm probably in Dubai getting ready
for our Fashion Week so do me gang if
you guys want to come through for our
fashion week is gonna be November 16 so
November 19 in CityWalk I still do not
know a specific time or specific place
yet but few guys want to come through
say hi and I'll come out say hi with you
guys like with you guys and show what
you guys i can't that way other than
that do me hang up see you guys tomorrow
take care and I'll push I like chilling
in it shit swear to god II shouldn't
pain when life gives you yemen baby
makes in Yemen aid place I'll new today
I'll treat playing like an uber
