hey guys what's up right now I'm in
Union Square guess what it is a nice
warm day today finally after like so
many long months it's finally really
warm today's actually extra extra warmth
in the 50s and I'm in Union Square
waiting to shake as always I've been
coming early the past few days I miss
this place so much being crowded usually
there with so much ice on there like no
one's there that light up
in what chiku Nigella yes
got a job
listening I'm Mark mark mark Adam and
nice nice to me I got no friends
are you cold
Jackie I know everybody thinks is warm
and I see in New York but everything
she's born when he gets a little warmer
everybody just gets out like summertime
in Florida this weather for them is like
nutrition so I just met the homies
kidding and I've got a man from Paris so
you shut up - Parris yeah I'm Jillian
I'm from Algeria born in Paris I come
here I see this guy I respect these guys
so much you so much Theresa I want to
everybody Muslim that means so much that
you know what I would like I am happy to
meet him layin here much thank you say
anything in French but do whatever you
want to say in French in French because
we're going to Paris to something yeah I
know anything you wanna say from any
French you know yeah boss Kapali cosmos
that person does keep a given the best
shoes he parted Islam becoming partly
sunny for c+ think I choose the veil I'm
Alex you do play please let's give a fat
kiss me don't need a bow massage look
boom massage say Allah donate it open up
this one good job guys no no no bro
thank you so much yes you so much thank
you so much fun me okay me Toby face but
that guy seriously made my day sirs I
cannot wait to go to Paris because he's
so sweet man commando you and I said me
Gracia
where it's I mean I got queer but that's
sick
yeah to my I feel still girl you can't
do that now master cuz I came a coma
nothing like I've been waiting like
thirty minutes as shakers I'm in here
yet so I'm I look like a loner just
walking around like making my own
friends and stuff but look you can get a
hug no thanks I get a hug on you do fun
it's okay I want to get only give you a
hug is happy nice day okay
Thank You Man thank you see you get a
hug hugging strangers man so get it to
her I didn't break it off brother hug it
get in there
thank you I know man can't complain all
my friends are up easily really suffer
later
hug me he's finally showed up now make
him a friend sing so long why'd you pick
on my tongue
Oh
Oh
look at Jesus cording to what the Bible
says and the Bible says that he is a son
of God and he not only is the son of God
but he actually is God alright although
we look at it that he is a prophet that
was sent by God to to bring the people
to the right side but my question is
this Muslims have to go to the kebab
yeah the big black queue and circle
around it
did you know that that black cube
represents this earth because we are in
a cube we are in Satan's matrix right
now which represents that black cube
that Muslims go and circle around and if
you look at Saturn scientists have just
realized that on the top of Saturn is a
big hex a big hexagram just like this
six sides
on top of Saturn and Saturn represents
Satan and when you take that cube and
make it into a 3d object you get a cue
when you take the hex and make it 3d you
get a cue
Hugh are you okay
and you can just change the letters of
the it doesn't make a difference between
Arabic it's still read the same way it's
so pronounced the same way it's hard for
me to believe a book that you up the
title isn't even man but look but it
sounds same for an it's hard for me to
believe a book that changes the Bible it
changes you know so to change so many
times but the Koran is always stuck has
always been the same words ever since it
came out in the Bible even if you look
up all the things that have been changed
they don't change passages are complete
theories in the book they would change a
Hebrew word like I say the Hebrew word
was like pornography like pornography
they would change that words of
fortification I've read and saw many
Bibles that they have completely
different words completely different
stuff the Lord and this even though is
spelled different P something goes well
with the case on before the Q just like
a mosque let's say you say mosque or
Masjid which is like the Muslims praying
it's the same thing but in it it's the
same exact words ever since it came out
I don't think that the god of the
universe who created everything needs to
write a book so that all the words
number of the right way so that ocean is
said a certain amount of time
you know Michael I know how the Quran is
bill I didn't read it but I know I
looked at if I studied it I think you
have to read the poor ants actually
understand it like now I guess today I
gotta study the Quran I pick up the book
and read it myself you have to read it
it's interesting to know you know what
people think about Islam and Muslims and
I've always wanted to go up to these
people who always have these signs I
want to know what they know about
Muslims and Islam the guy's seemed like
he didn't really know much because
either really really poor and it was
like the Quran is spelled two different
ways so why would I believe that like
that that makes yeah that makes no sense
because it's still it's like saying my
name is spelled Adam but you can spell
it a da am and AD a.m. or something like
that for his name is sheikh expeller s
hei KH r sh a ke he's still shake he
stole him nothing has changed
so we got this cool falafel sandwiches
avocado and garlic sauce please google
literally might feel here's a creature
from another dimension here I like the
girth the camera and make sure you know
lanzi kids we have to send adderal to I
think just my piercing that require
Peter this evening here's the next level
I just know my morning piercing so they
think I'm their dad he or something I
don't like them I needed off my Medicaid
fraud I need you to Google and they were
my growing up
we have a bucket my medications come
creativity and touch me I love what it
is right don't want it other watching
here on what part you're really moving
some here's you also want to pay me
other cameras your want inhibit
Oh day 15 tiny here that's really
talking you forget obvious
hi everyone my daddy hi
you know
so my guy just stole a bunch of broccoli
he's very handsome is left that's so
disgusting I mean how much brother you
got a lot disgusting I didn't see you
like that though as we just met two
homies Sadia and Samantha I don't it
from biomass it's about a three from
Bali - I don't know each other and City
College
I got about the play game of pool with
Sheikh slim and Kareem
sup guys how you doing wells good hi
although I don't know aldohn buddy
y'all ready it's gonna be teams mean
shake we made the biggest mistake what
you're not on my team
nobody is what I want three of the TV's
not really wedding season like oh you're
not the winning team I'm always with
it's not that I will see I'm gonna play
a game of pool but yes I'm a dream a
channel make sure you like our new
videos just week or next week next week
next week highlight film tomorrow and
yes give me some crazy new videos soon
so should we say Diana then I'm a
surprise - up here yeah but you guys
gonna like it
here is gonna be cool so stay tuned for
that see you guys soon
you guys can play this game with you
guys are all right look don't tell me
this right think of a country and your
head that starts with the letter D a
country right so don't say Dubai divided
city yeah a country so let it be right
okay okay
are you serious Oh seriously
oh you don't know cut yourself let it go
hi ready now take the last letter of the
country think of an animal
don't tell me think of any animals all
right I take the last letter of the
animal that you chose think of a color
any color all right got it yeah who had
been mark kangaroo orange did the market
kangaroo Barnes huh even mother Paxton
my mother by the mileage what what is it
think that a chick what is it fun Oh
pawn can I get some fun yeah let me get
some I'm gonna try it
I'm gonna try it good margin Malo let me
check on names let me get some order
come on then
how do I take good is it good how does
it make me hi guys I'm at the tripod get
your couch right now I'm good okay
you're good you're done your dancers are
double hungry let's fun so you soothe
your Dada Dada you dolly - no no buddy
why it looks like he's selling drugs
system when you wanna do okay okay check
you do it I don't do it oh oh this lady
it's chewy just chew it just you it does
that that I could do but I'll put it
just keep doing it at all Oh buddy yes
you ate them so I thought hey wait Oh
Barney Barney no no no I can do it yeah
no but what is that yeah yeah looking
red written right Oh Johnny two-minute
you on the journey
Oh Johnny oh please you're just keep
doing those all and that's all I'm here
with the homies jemelle Rima and Deena
how are you guys doing good
good how are you say good man yeah what
do you eat give me him you eating
she's eating sugar packets she goes to
the kitchen she just steals sugar and
she just eats it Remo I mean Dina he
can't be doing that girl
he can't be doing that she saying cheese
she's posing for the camera sugars not
good for you I wonder if they're fun 21
Tommy so mean you can eat sugar you
can't shake either oh you're so three
years old he's still five three four
five you're still you so each little
baby
when you're 26 April 9 your birthday's
coming up what are you gonna do for your
birthday turn up you know what we may 24
and August 30th what do you do this it
is soon April May June July August yes
come on you know what you have learned
in school today
sit up hey would you learn in school
Arabic and Arabic what if five million
English oh so you had a couple Arabic
classes and the rest were English talk
about Dina you said this fat but she
wants cake chocolate everything with her
figure huh open it what would you learn
in school today
learn what how to pick in school how do
you like her to in school all right guys
it's time to wrap up this vlog hope you
all enjoy this bike if you did make sure
you give the vlog a thumbs up if you
guys want long vlogs like this give us
like a thumbs up because sometimes we
take out some parts of the vlog that we
feel like I say not necessary to pub if
you guys want to sing give this like a
thumbs up and we'll put everything make
it as long as it normally is so stay
tuned for that we have a new video on
our main channel coming really soon and
subscribe to this channel if you guys
have not subscribed to our age
like Shamu upload every single day and
you'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and pitch like
