what up guys welcome some of ASC daily
rants
today's topic is jealousy and I'm gonna
be speaking to you about personal
matters that I feel about jealousy first
of all what I believe is that jealousy
kills and jealous like one of the most
horrible things ever the reason I say
this is because when people get jealous
of each other they do stuff that is very
affectionate like say for example
someone is jealous of someone else right
say John is jealous of Smith and so what
John will do will he will do anything to
put Smith down because he is so jealous
of him here so doesn't what Smith the
guy he will do anything to put Smith
down and bring himself up that's what
jelly's does and no matter how much you
say no one else does not do this think
about this think about all the people
that's jealous of each other or a lot of
you might not show me but if you see it
jealousy is something very horrible
you're gonna notice it too if you see
someone that's just view you're gonna
see what they do or their behavior and
intentions behind you you're gonna see
the stuff that they do behind your back
you can see the stuff that they attempt
to do and though the ways they try to
bring you down
there's so many stuff that people do to
bring people down just because of
jealousy
another thing along with jealousy that
also kills that I believe is greed when
people are greedy for something they get
too crazy you know I give people are
greedy and they become too selfish they
want so much money they become to a
point where they go crazy to look
anything to get those money they'll do
anything to get the hand on that stuff
you know that's what greed does but I'm
going off-topic
cuz right now we're told my jealousy the
way I look at it is if I ever like you
know get jealous of anyone the best
thing I would do is first of all I count
myself down second of all I think about
the people who are below me I think my
people who are struggling I'll think
about all these kind of people and be
like you know these people are
struggling they're trying to get to
where I am and me I'm getting jealous of
other people you know I mean like if
someone has a million belt and I have
$1000 and I spend hundred dollars you
know I'm just with this guy with
millions and the guy's 100 jealous of me
you know I'm trying to say like you have
to always thinking about people as below
you like I might in their position
getting just over these big rich before
these other kinds of people but there's
so many people below you who are doing
anything trying to get in your position
trying to be in the same level as you
you know that that's what I think I
always think about being grateful and
always appreciate what I have because
jealousy is something that's awful
jealousy is like the most one of the
most worst things ever you have to
always try to avoid that
there's a story actually relating to
this like if you guys know the story or
not about prophet Adam peace be upon him
who had two sons one of them was jealous
of the other one the one does jealous
believed that the other one used to get
more love from the father than he did
and at the end of story he killed him
and all this happened because of
jealousy because he was jealous of the
love that his brother was getting you
know and this story should be reflected
to everyone's lives you know this story
shows that you know just is such a
horrible thing they can take someone's
life away so whatever you guys do don't
ever come to the point of getting
jealous and if you ever do walk in that
path just watch out for it just a
caution it stay aware and try to push
back from that link because jealousy is
a it's just horrible and that's not
something that you know that'll make
everything better Jesse's gonna make
everything worse you know if you're ever
just is someone don't be jealous of that
person just try to be cool with that
person try to be do your thing just do
you just don't focus on other people
don't try to get just all the people you
know and that's pretty much all I have
to say about Jesse hope you guys
understand where I'm coming from once
again just keep jealousy out of you see
Banias I've been through it and I've
been just have a lot of people but if I
think about it there's no point because
I'm just gonna hurt myself trying become
like that person and instead of thinking
about the people that below me who are
trying to be in my position you know why
am I gonna be jealous with you so I can
just be grateful a rest and so but that
being said hope you guys enjoyed this
ranking today a thumbs up go granny and
til tomorrow with another insane daily
rants so that's a wrap
and hey guys what's up this is Hugo and
welcome to another day of a si daily
wrench
today's topic is jealousy this is gonna
be kind of like a serious topic so
please take me serious even though I
look like this and if you do know why I
look like this leave
blow not gonna cut anything out kind of
cut anything in between whatever I say I
say about jealousy what I feel right now
I feel like jealousy right now it's it's
it's that's what's causing you know all
the big you know fights and issues with
with people these days some people are
jealous of other people because they
have something that they don't have but
I feel like you know we all shouldn't be
jealous of each other you know you know
sometimes you will be jealous you would
look at me like damn I want that but at
the same time be thankful of what you
have and be happy for them because if
you are happy for them and if you do
have that peer attitude I feel like
Allah will give you more and Allah will
see you as like this you know you're
really humble a nice guy and he'll give
you more give you what you deserve so
always be happy for one another and do
not be jealous of other people because
all that all that is is gonna make users
gonna make you a negative guys can make
you a negative guy or girl it's gonna
make you have hate what if someone is
jealous of you and then they want to do
something really bad on you you know you
wouldn't want that you'd be afraid or
something like that so be happy make
each other happy and I feel like it
would be more of a successful person if
you're if you're not not not a jealous
type I know I understand you know let's
say it's cute to be jealous you know it
is cute to be jealous but when it's
something when it gets to like the point
where like you hate the person that's
just two to negative one is jealous like
if you're in a relationship with someone
who gets to tell this that's cute I feel
like that's cute but when you're jealous
in a way like ah you want to punch that
person in the face or you want to kill
that person because they have something
that you want or something like that I
feel like not that that shouldn't that's
that's the issue
jealousy is like a sickness that creates
drama and problems which it shouldn't be
because you all should be happy for
whoever if you give people your time and
if you give them so much help I feel
like Allah would give you a lot more and
you would you would get a lot back so
always remember that Allah is always by
your side
a lot of loves you all so stay close to
God stay close to Allah because he's
always there for you and that's pretty
much it I tried to make this grant as
quick as possible because this thing is
really really annoying anyways I hope
you guys enjoyed this rant let me know
what you think about jealousy leaving
it's below make sure you give this rant
a thumbs up and go turkey because who go
says give this rant but thumbs up if you
are truly enjoying our a a daily rants
every single day give it a thumbs up it
would truly mean a lot thank you guys so
much I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care peace
