where's Rema Rema Rema huh hey guys I'm
Adam I'm Lena we haven't done the
challenge video in so long so we decided
we'll do a challenge video for you guys
today
you know what challenges it's not the
ice bucket challenge so I decided we
should do a challenge that Rima can do
because she's only three years old
I thought the seven second challenge
would be something cool so each of us
are going to tell each other five stuff
to do in seven seconds and whatever gets
the most points they want ready yeah
in seven seconds go get me a cup of milk
1 2 3 4 5 10 11 20 21
38 94 95 I've had a boy know called milk
okay so now it's real mister I got here
okay then I got a point yeah I remember
in seven seconds go put on one of my
shirts
now 1 2 3 7 8 15 16 you put on the olive
lucky the tip I know isn't that take him
out I just brought him in okay did it
how many seconds was that you you you
you win it goin yeah okay hi guys and
these challenges I'm not telling her to
do it she's coming it up with herself so
don't think I'm telling her she's coming
up with her baby sulfur are you baby yes
you are
oh yeah baby yeah if you are a good boy
in seven seconds I want you to sing me a
song okay I give you that someone uses
that we usin missing zone
yeah okay Oh ABC V why not saw can I
choose lonesome Oh
ABCD efg hijk LMNOP y and z now i know
my abc's next time won't you sing me
know that's it it's done listen no I
ready ready yeah sure yeah okay in seven
seconds I want you to belly dance when
you go what I'll accept that I'll accept
that everybody's doing a good job are we
doing a good job you butt's like ah oh
are you my now it's your turn go the
heck is that
yeah socks okay it's not bad okay well
your feet was low but you got kind of
challenges that it is so Muffy yeah in
seven seconds I want you to call shake
and tell him you love him go
and I go to space I remarked your turn
again go you give me an I give you what
um yeah I'm gonna give you a kiss
we're here ah I hope you guys enjoyed
this challenge with me and Remo if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and let us know if you do enjoy
challenge me and Rima and let us know in
the comments below who you think won
this challenge me ARIMA not Ramon Rima
so sweet but I do not know who wants so
you guys let us know why guys we'll see
you guys tomorrow
take care I love you guys pics are you
coming
