hey guys stuff right now we are in a
hell of Chinese food restaurant in Bay
Ridge
Slim's hood mothballs in the hood but
it's not that because all Arabs is all
people children to stuff like that so he
really thinks is that yeah you can't be
my candy back oh hey if you guys are
hungry close your eyes for like 20
seconds okay I got beef and broccoli
with white rice some homemade I see the
shade gotcha what you got chicken
broccoli chicken and Brava
I'm a beef guy no you get chicken if
you're in Buffalo brother the best I can
inaudible you know Roger Roger Roger
yeah that's not again oh hey are you
again so should just say chicken what's
your address so just a chicken with
Roger Michigan they may eat all the
chicken Oh shake it
what the heck yeah that's like you just
got broccoli with the right help dude
that's why you know I am I'm a Peter any
your that is no need fish and chicken
nope no fill up what up guys so I just
woke up to what other pranks done run
more businesses I can I could have
recorded it cuz I expected but look what
happens I'm gonna show you what happens
then
so I open the door right alright this
board they tried doing again with the
feel but on the other side is board it
says let me guess he was expecting it oh
my god you know this is probably the
best Perry we're done so walk up why is
the poor way name is pretty real quick
so what the hell was that
oh that's Frank number two I guess
that's part of the prank but before they
had they had a tissue from here to here
blew it up
and then as I was going here there was
another right here and glue expired look
I said they put another one right here
so I were to move it and then the glue
came all in my hand they got me was a
mastermind behind you who's the man who
is the mastermind behind me it does
start a mate Aloha who was the
mastermind behind to tell me
this mastermind Oh No so who was it I
know who got all the glue and lotion on
my hand who put the glue in my hand oh
and does not start with the a and does
not start with that and end at the end
don't
so is it you should say it's not me so
who is it it is it who is it
stop torturing him who was it then huh
he got me good I'm gonna get you guys
back for watch hey tiger - thanks I gave
it to you shows you file in hand I'm
sure I'm sure
baby crying look you even know who
that's words I'm not touching yeah get
okay oh yeah look I mean I'm in Tokyo so
stop oh why the forward there's a last
word where is the last when you guys do
that here
ah you sleepy just like come on be a
mastermind
laughing who's a messenger my know which
one was is it hurt my body guys right
here never I said my forefoot sent by
bodyguard he goes 4 foot 12 who's the
mastermind behind it us who's that
fickle business it does it one will get
punished who is it
remember I don't know I did I do the top
cake 8 yourself you know doesn't you
gonna tell me or did I hurt you
routine who is the mastermind behind it
huh where's the mess my bandit oh I
suggest doesn't pick one person
alright scooter you looking glass'
amazed you go the master by watch look
so who is it Oh telly why I did not
I'm nothing go tell me was it Tommy you
know to be honest I guess you could say
it was like all of us but what does your
master
moreover oh you're part of a right lane
Cobra
I feel like dude you're dangerous you
got me so good you mess up my you wet my
pants you out my fly everything you got
glue my hand no probably not very much
morning to me morning morning to both
the other oh you might not wanna look
behind you dude dude - oh yeah why do I
know you're gonna be I know nice Sawyer
I would watch look at look at this
so we also put a new friend out here for
you right here right here
a spider Rob let's go spiders like watch
it you want to drag that you're using to
clean you just put blue on this okay Jen
wheelchairs back no words okay Lucy are
you are the mastermind Oh Oh hold on do
the shower thing work what everything oh
yeah well you already know oh we came up
we accidentally did some awesome Oh
Charlie shouting we put the thing up
right so like when she was going to wash
your feet no okay yeah yeah yeah you
know sorry you though watch out now like
yourself you know you guys I feel like
you're the mastermind yeah it was it was
it Yonex was the mastermind who
everything ever a dinosaur or something
and it was us three and the diners have
to eat someone first Ottumwa choke one
of us doesn't bow to me for the mess I
might be honest huh who's the master
right you stopped me who is it
it's just so clearly you doesn't you
just said it's minor II know say you're
you get hurt
say yes say are you hurt hey okay who is
it
wait a tubby no sit a minute Dennis in
it in it in a minute minute minute
minute watch your back watch your back
you call the war I got your back door
that's what you get for kicking me out
of you or your room oh I'm standing look
at me yes constantly knocking on my door
when I'm trying to take a peaceful
shower yeah oh my god I'm so scared
first what is more evil things to me
what else did you do whatever it is you
get a content and owe me a girl mess
with me I'm just listing things that you
did to me and just says they've come to
an end
yay guys are the mighty Suzy sticky I
done made nothing here Mikey hi guys so
it's time to wrap up this vlog I am so
so so mad right now because my day just
went from zero to 100 real quick well
I'm probably 100 to 0 real quick you
know when you're having a good day and
you just get bad luck all of a sudden
well that's what happened to me today my
camera battery died on me today
I could have like barely anything and
then I went home around 12:00 a.m. and
my phone died in the train and I had
nothing to keep me entertained in the
train I got home at 3 a.m. usually takes
me an hour to go from some house to my
house but today it took me 2 hours
because on Sundays in New York City if
you guys don't know New York City trains
on Sundays are so so so slow so it took
me two hours but then it's daylight
saving time so one hour went ahead so I
left from his house 12 a.m. I got home
at 3 a.m. it's literally like I went
from one state to another state so I've
just been having so much bad luck right
now but I'm the lab so live tomorrow is
a new day I don't do New Year's
resolution I do new day resolution I'm
sorry about my camera battery dying it's
my fault I should have put it to charge
with you guys tomorrow and yeah I need
some sleep so I can wake up with brand
new fresh day tomorrow I love you guys
take care
thumbs up thank you guys so much for
everything I'll see you guys soon peace
love you
member
