What's Up MA hi babies and my hi
beauties how are you guys doing hey guys
doing cool welcome to another day of a
si daily rants
today's topic is dreams as I'm like what
is your dreams what do you want to do in
life so i'ma tell you all what have I
always wanted to be since I was younger
so when I was 4 years old in pre-k my
mom wanted me to become a doctor and I
wanted to become a doctor too because I
was like whenever my family's sick I'm
gonna be there and I'm gonna help them
out you know I'm gonna make them feel
better but then I turned five years old
and I went to kindergarten class and I
changed my mind my dream wasn't to
become a doctor anymore my dream was to
become a power ranger and to make the
pink Power Ranger my wife don't touch me
in the first grade I also wanted to
become a parent but then the second
grade I wanted to become an astronaut
you know I thought would be pretty cool
to become an astronaut you know visit
space and do cool stuff like that and I
told my mom and my mom was like oh yeah
I give me yo yo me what about what I'm
Ulta what about when I thank gets it
whoo or the it make me feel better huh
huh and I'm like the doctor yeah you're
gonna make a stranger tickling me oh I
want my son to take care of me you mean
you want you to be dick to dress SS
astronaut so then in the third grade I
changed my mind again and I wanted to
become a doctor again so I was all
focused on becoming a doctor and then in
the fourth grade I changed my mind once
again I don't know I go through a lot of
these phases and in the fourth grade I
wanted to become an artist I would draw
every single day is like any cartoon you
can name I drew it I hung it up all over
my walls and it was just every way I
wanted to become an artist I wanted to
to make cartoons and to draw cool stuff
until one time some painters came to
paint our house and they came to my room
and they took down all the drawings down
they literally took all that through a
garbage and it paints in my room so I
came home after school and I saw my room
is all just like blank and I was looking
all over my drawings and my dreams were
just crushed like I didn't want to stall
or we're gonna make that say I have no
motivation to be an artist and that's it
it's gone turn to create I remember I
wanted to become a wrestler I was so
interested in me my daddy's always watch
it so I'm like you know I'm gonna be
like that you gonna watch me like that -
are you gonna watch me and I don't know
I'm finding my chest but I wanted to be
a wrestler so bad rest of my older
brother and he beat me up in one I never
wanted to become a wrestler again in the
sixth seventh and eighth grade I wanted
to become a math teacher like I was so
into math you guys probably find math
super duper boring but I really enjoyed
math like I won I won the state
competition of multiplication division
and like all these other stuff like they
would ask me questions I was the fastest
guy to answer anything you tell me any
multiplication thing I would answer it
like in a heartbeat I'm so fast when I
have no idea how I got that time on the
math competition in sixth grade seventh
grade and in eighth grade I lost it and
they ripped me off because I did not
lose it the kid said it louder than me I
said it before my voice is so low but
the kids said it louder than me and then
he won and that I never wanted to become
a math teacher anymore the ninth grade I
wanted to become a firefighter because I
heard one of my questions say that she
likes firefighters so I was like I'm
gonna become a firefighter then I find
out my crush didn't like me so I didn't
want to become firefighter anymore
the 10th grade I've been doing boxing
for about 4 years I wanted to become a
boxer so bad you know I continued doing
boxing 11th grade I want to become a
boxer to 12th grade I got my boxing
license taken away then my dreams were
crushed I couldn't become a boxer
anymore I graduated from high school I
went to college I wanted to become a
police officer I thought it'd be cool
you know to become a police officer you
know help the law you know arrest people
who do bad stuff and stuff like that
until I got arrested and I got a ticket
for something so stupid and I was not
guilty I was innocent and the police
were having like a really rude attitude
towards me I did not want to become a
police officer anymore
so I could see new college and I was
like you know what let me try to become
a lawyer so I can help people out who
are actually innocent from the police
you know assuming and accusing them so
much stuff for like harassing them so I
decided I want to become a lawyer then
when I got in trouble with the police I
had to pay a ticket but you know I was
fighting for my ticket so I had to bring
a lawyer so they got me a lawyer and the
lawyer didn't do anything he didn't help
me out anything just let them get get me
in trouble let them let me pay for he
didn't care about me so I'm like screw
this am I gonna become a lawyer anymore
so I didn't know what to do with my life
so I look you know what
I always do this fun stuff like I make
fun videos and my mom's for one since I
was like 11 12 and I'm showing her and I
heard about this thing called YouTube so
why can't I just make videos on YouTube
for fun and see you know what goes on so
I started making videos meat shake and
little about little you know a lot of
people started liking us and noticing us
in the beginning you know it's hard
because you start off on 0 and then a
lot of people started liking me more a
lot of people start viewing you more
people motivate you more people comment
and along with everybody watching us
with all the hundreds of thousand smiles
that we give you guys every single day
it is a blessing to be a youtuber and
also it is a blessing to be an actor
because we were featured in our first
movie ever
American trivia and we have many more
movies many more new stuff coming
through now my dream is to become an
actor or an entertainer someone to like
make people smile and act in movies
acting shows and just do really nice
cool stuff so with you guys helping me
out help with shakeout he'll be coming
on this journey with us it truly means
the world I know a lot of you have been
on this training with us since three
years ago since last year since two
years ago and even if you're just coming
on this journey today thank you so much
for everything and thank you for making
us you know achieve our dreams and
continuing to push us you know helping
us out become better people so I
appreciate that so so so much and
remember don't do what I did whatever
you want to be in life that I quit and
being a doctor I quit and being a lawyer
I quit in being a power ranger I quit in
being an artist if you think that's you
you want to become an artist you want to
become someone something that you love
to do do that if anyone beats you in it
who cares let that motivate you to work
even harder never stop doing what you
love and never stop you know loving what
you love if that made any sense and make
your parents proud because you know
that's all it is make your parents proud
then you meet you become proud and when
you're proud everyone else is proud so
stay strong keep smiling I love you guys
and yeah it's pretty much it I'll see
you guys tomorrow with another aasa
daily rants and another a saying
building blocks I love you guys keep
your dreams in your heart and keep
working hard and keep chasing your
dreams take care and peace I love you
what up guys welcome to another AS a
daily rants
today we're gonna be talking about
career dreams the reason I had a career
before dreams is because you know
there's different kinds of dreams like
oh I dream to be a millionaire one day I
dream to be this or I dream to be like
building the tallest building the world
is something you know there's different
kind of dreams but today I want to focus
specifically on one career so growing up
I had different career choices that guy
sometime want to be a doctor sometime I
want to be a lawyer
sometimes I want to be like a social
worker or something but as I was growing
up different stuff happening around the
world such as the 9/11 attacks and
different stuff against a race or it
gets a religion and I felt like
something is siding with something you
know this is not right what they're
doing is definite right they're treating
some people a different way than they
treat others like if if one person does
a crime and other someone else does the
same crime one would get punished more
than other one even though they bought
the same crime so I felt like you know
somebody's got to stand up I felt like
somebody should do something about it
since there's no one so I was like you
know what I'm gonna stand foot in that
path to do something so what I did was I
studied studying criminal justice so
criminal justice basically what I was
intending for that is I'm gonna use
criminal justice and use the justice law
or the whatever I learned to progress in
life on that field so as time went on I
was in criminal justice and I was in a
college in New York that focused mostly
on criminal justice
but then along came YouTube and YouTube
was just a new chapter in my life like
once I hit YouTube I was like doing
different stuff force kids to pranks to
inspiration talks like there was so many
stuff I was doing so I kept going on and
on and in YouTube and seeing how far
this goes and to be honest it was it was
an amazing experience
like from YouTube I did a lot of stuff
that I never thought I'd actually do
like I changed a lot of perspectives I
changed a lot of people's mindsets and I
helped people you know learn the right
things and not be ignorant there's so
many stuff that I did on YouTube that
couldn't be done anywhere else for me
as a 20 year old so when I went on
YouTube I started thinking like you know
YouTube is broadcasting this 1001
thousands
people lots and loads of people watch me
on YouTube and also along with YouTube
are allowed in YouTube I I love acting I
love joking I love skits and then it hit
me like why can't I be an entertainer
and also be an inspiration what came to
vote and then I decided on my career
choice is that I'm gonna be focusing
mostly on the entertainment field and
when you're asking about the
entertainment field it's not only like
acting and stuff along with
entertainment I want to bring in a
little inspiration if you went to any of
our shows like the ones I mean Adam did
in our skits or interacting and in our
jokes - we always put a little message
every single skit we do has a message to
it like for instance for that you case
where we did every single skit that we
did on stage all of them had a message
the people who went are gonna know what
I'm talking about they all had a message
that you can show off to the world and
that's exactly what I like and that's my
future goal that's my career goal is
being an entertainer but alongside be an
inspiration and shall I pray that this
works and then I can actually make this
come true to me on that everyone has
those genes where they wanna be
millionaires they want to live in this
they want to live in a beautiful house
they're gonna have a good of a car
everyone has that dream but I'm not
saying I don't have it it's my dream to
but mostly I want to focus on the
entertainment read consent positivity
and laughs and smiles and stuff so
that's basically my career dreams
comment below with your career dream
look what do you want to be when you
grow older or a lot of it was already
older but what do you want to be as time
goes on you know so let us know and so
tomorrow for another AAS a daily rant so
that's a wrap peace
