hey guys what's up it's Adam I hope
you're all doing great I know it is
Saturday and we don't upload vlogs on
Saturday but I decided why not give you
guys something so I don't know if you
guys watched today's you now we're like
Rhema jamadar they always have like
arguments almost every single time
they're together so I thought I came up
with a cool idea on how to make you know
kids stop fighting and become friends so
I'm probably something you're gonna be
like what the heck but it works for me
just pretend you on the phone with the
police and just yeah you take control
from there so if you're a mommy or your
daddy
sonali go how you doing what's up you're
doing cool chillin if your kids it's
fighting just pretend you're on the
phone with the pop up anyways enjoy this
short vlog and make sure you give this
video a thumbs up if you don't mind
sharp logic so if you don't mind sharp
vlogs give the vlog a thumbs up and go
Turk I got the three ratchet musketeers
Rima Deena and go mad they're eating
what he was eating cheese while you guys
eating cheese
yes I'm gubanov Oh Ellen if you
know what's good ever well it's even a
comment to though you me to open it so
totally eat it
all right so what did you guys learn in
school today have I asked you guys that
question is so what did you learn in
school what corn carrots carrots we must
go back to a carrot days yeah yeah pick
your day how did he smile hey you did my
creepy face how do you smile
how do you smile that's a core smile you
guys look like a little mice eating like
okay what about you Rima you don't have
school side of this you don't have
school Saturdays
Dina stop talking we always target
yourself what you do that you need to do
that about a year ago about a year ago
year I go commando is that you know why
you keep blaming other people huh no
that was you know this was it was Rema
Rema Oh
yeah I'm uh you gonna come fool forgiven
Rima why cuz they're fighting okay no no
there's no talking Shh yeah you can put
it where you gonna come are you gonna
get first come on give Matt a dream okay
you can see them together they're
calling me again
hello police yes you get you who you're
gonna come to you're gonna come to the
Milan Rima they gonna come to your mat -
back sit down sit down
you guys gonna stop you guys stop
fighting yeah sit down sit down first
are you guys gonna stop fighting huh I
have to say sorry to each other oh okay
oh they have to hug each other - or is
he gonna come how are you how are you
give it to them hurry up hurry up never
give each other kids in cheek okay okay
okay okay there good night don't come
police in America don't come now that
the police said you guys are good they
just said no fighting okay it's okay
give each other big five each other five
give each other five you're my own dream
I guess it's time to wrap up this vlog
hope you all enjoyed this video and I
hope you all have a blessed day our
blessed night are wherever you're from a
blessed afternoon let me know what time
is it right now your place what time are
you watching this vlog right now let me
know in the comments below right now is
like 2 3 a.m. and I'm vlogging right now
for you guys see you guys tomorrow
I love you guys take care - miss a dummy
gang you guys are the greatest gang the
greatest team on YouTube see you guys
tomorrow and pictures
