hey guys I'm Adam and welcome to a si
daily wrench
today's topic is language okay now
you're talking my language now you're
talking my language language my first
language is actually English because I
was born in America so I'm fluent with
English Arabic is my second language
because I'm Arab my parents speak to me
in Arabic I talked to them in Arabic so
that's my second language I understand
most of Arabic I read Arabic I write
Arabic really good actually
but I don't speak it that well like I
dunno how to speak it like if you guys
talk to me Oz but oh you're not a
speaker but I don't speak as good an
episode feed you I love YouTube and I
bet kill him English you Khatib wine a
bit kill him out of the Myo me why be
like in Masjid then and I feel like
Spanish is my third language because
I've been surrounded by so many Spanish
people have been I took Spanish classes
so I feel like deep down inside I have
some Spanish in me si mean a Chiquita
can take Oh No alright so this is what
we're gonna do in today's right I'm
gonna be speaking in ten different
languages in each language I will be
saying hi my name is Adam and I will
also be saying something else in that
language for you guys to guess what I
said I'm so excited right now because
I'm gonna be speaking different
languages but I'm also kind of nervous
because I don't want to mess up at it
and I don't want you feeling offended so
you guys don't feel offended if I mess
up at or anything like that because I'm
still learning and I love learning a lot
of different like languages from
different places so let's do this we're
gonna start with Dutch hey my name is
Adam how simple are my Dutch speakers
now you guys got a guess what I'm gonna
say right now any couch fifoota
french salut monomyth Adam I feel like
I'm seeing it's all wrong so please
correct me if I'm saying it wrong or
anything like that right now my French
speakers you guys ready guess what I'm
saying now
Jim Pia did you get that German hello my
name is Adam that was pretty easy to
kind of similar to the English one
alright my German speakers you guys
gotta guess what I'm saying now ich
liebe fusa Swedish Hemet numb Adam I all
my Swedish speakers you guys I guess
what I'm saying now y'all asked I felt
that I
Bennion hear me mushed Adam I'm Albanian
speakers I gotta guess what I'm saying
EDA shooty come but Turkish maja
bibendum
Adam Adam adora I'm a Turkish speakers I
gotta guess what I'm saying man iya
Clara ash Hindu hai meraa and I'm Adam
her behind these speakers you gotta
guess what I'm saying MEP it's a Fiat
it's Hallion Italy run it'll be sure
what's up
Xiaomi oh no man Adam my Italian
speakers I guess what I'm saying now I'm
mopey addy Norwegian
hi meat no man Adam my Norwegian
speakers guess what I'm saying now yeah
yes he it guess that last but not
least Chinese Dajjal how what the mins
are she Adam I'm a Chinese speakers
gotta guess what I'm saying now why gel
alright guys hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey leave a comment
below of what I said in those languages
or what you think I said leave a comment
what language of what you speak and
write it down in the comments but I want
to see all the comics being different
languages I'll be so beautiful
of now see you guys tomorrow I love you
guys teammate say do me gang let us know
in the comments below what topic should
we do next
take care and peace what up guys welcome
smell that a si daily rants
today's topic is languages and I'm just
gonna be discussing about languages as
you guys all know there are thousands
and thousands of languages out there and
I believe that languages are very
important and the reason I believe this
is because you're it it's like the best
way to communicate one positive thing
about languages is that it allows you to
talk to someone with all the people
noticing say imagine English was the
national language of the whole web rump
just imagine every single person spoke
English you want to have no privacy if
you want cell sent to your friend you
cannot speak English friend in front of
him he's in here everything you know so
that's one upside upside that word
that's one positive thing about
languages my language if you guys don't
know already is Bengali I speak Bengali
at home with my parents my uncle my
family and relatives and people you know
alongside Bengali I know a little bit of
dough and Hindi the reason I know this
is because Bengali is like very similar
to these languages there's just a bit
turned and slangs and stuff and then
they just completely change around but
they are very close so that's why I know
a bit of those but what I like about my
language is that Bengali is such a sweet
language like it's not rough it's not
hard it doesn't sound like you're
yelling is just nice and calm like if
you want to say how are you I'm gonna
teach you a few banal words like you
want to say how are you it's camel nacho
see it's very sweet like Kevin Esther
it's not like like you know you have to
do so much and like some people when
they say how are you dis ound like the
young there's a lot of languages out
there like I had a friend I don't know
what language he spoke he was aunt his
mom and he was like yelling on the phone
and I'm like he'll tell you saying
you're white yelling Irish it and then
he tells me to the wait time I'm just
asking how our day was what the hell
that's how you talk but yeah there's a
lot of languages that sound like you're
yelling this is a lot of languages
that's not so grumpy but Bengali is one
of the sweetest languages that I've ever
heard and I'm not saying this because I
speak Bengali but it just is not the way
they talk like like a sentence is like
what are you doing to me Kyoto so you
get it it's like it's like sweet you
know but there are language that I
really really really want to learn
number one is Arabic number two is that
I really want to fully learn urdu and
hindi already pretty much same thing
number three I learned is Spanish number
500 is French and for five I'd say I
want to learn is Chinese because I know
Chinese is very very difficult and I
want
that's my fifth like I learn but the
cool thing about languages is that no
matter where you go in the world imagine
a person every single language in the
world no matter where he goes he is able
to speak with them if he goes to China
he'll speak Chinese if he goes to a
Bangladesh or speak Bengali if he goes
to Ecuador he'll speak Spanish you know
anywhere he goes in the world he will
have a language of speaking that's the
cool part about knowing all these
languages for me Arabic is very
important because as you guys all know
how everybody's like the main language
of Islam and you know going to Middle
East I can like speak Arabic to everyone
and go into South Asia which
like Pakistan March in India you could
speak like urdu hindi if you go top
north you could speak all the all the
Asian Chinese Japanese are they similar
I don't know if Chinese and Japanese are
similar but they are yeah I think they
are but yeah if you go up north you can
speak there but what I honestly believe
is that languages are spread and as they
move the words change you know that's
what I believe I feel like you know okay
let's start with Arabic Arabic started
in the Middle East
okay and they're going to move to the
right toward Afghanistan Pakistan and
stuff words changed but some were still
remained and as they move down when
Pakistan moved down to India they had a
lot more changing you know and then when
India went about that a lot more change
but a lot of work still say the same and
then balance to move down to like Burma
and and moved on and words just kept
going and coming like ending all we have
words like dunya dunya means world
that's the same thing in Arabic so I
feel like that word was spread from the
Middle East down to South Asia you know
we have a lot more words like in Bengali
we say we say all four pen we say column
that means pen wait in Bengali we say
column which means like pen and I think
Arabic it's its column some like that so
we have pretty much the same see
everything is like spread from that way
you know but that's my theory that's
what I believe that the languages were
just spread like then some words stayed
some words didn't but this is basically
Iran about languages about all kinds of
languages and how they spread and now
just randomly talking my language hope
you guys enjoyed this Frankie's video
thumbs up and go grind for tomorrow with
another si daily rants
till tomorrow that's a wrap peace
by travelpod member
