right now I am with Lawson and Jim as
and Remo want to go get Deena so she's
taking a tear got it like that say 1 2 3
go for poor twig Deena wait telling
uh-huh that sounds right over what way
do you know what do you know Deena get
up
no stop talking like that ok so Boston
what's up did you go to school today
video to school today
what'd you learn in school just say hey
say what did you learn in school Rima
hello kitty hello kitty what did you
learn in school huh does he go to school
Rima yeah yes he does what did you learn
in school I just make him laugh after
today I've been very tired I've been in
bed all day cuz I'm feeling well I have
a massive headache but you know I didn't
want to leave today with no vlog so we
decided to do a challenge I've done this
challenge before it's called an accident
challenge but today I'm going to do my
little brother his name is say my name
say your name hey you see as well say
never introduce yourself you know honey
she's not my policy
his name is a man and we both do the
Challenge using your one elbow will help
define Irina alright so basically I have
all the accents right here do you have a
hat
alright we'll just have to grab my hand
okay I'm going first to this and this so
sometimes I wonder why I always get
chosen for this yes I don't know why
every time I always get basically it's
always butter okay so what come from the
British place we go we speak a language
like you boys
you know what you speak they speak
English this one we can just feeding
please sometimes I wonder why people who
love this game called basketball
I do not know hard place are you kind of
busy
we felt like I didn't understand what
people play like that point oh we got to
point out okay so if I'm elected I will
make sure every single person out there
doesn't get what he wants and yeah I'm
gonna make sure that I take care of the
people as much as I love them so you
tell me who I am all right now Brock
I'll be yeah I was good enough it is bad
oh they look the hell up it was bad no
it's like I don't know how to explain I
could fax does a factor but not even
know what a skinny actually come on man
laughs close your eyes so what howdy
cowboy how are you doing see I got new
by horse race
yeah I'm on a roll right now
so the walking gone
okay to fidelity photo-op and you buy
one you get two V two feet you know by a
you make a right you mean you make a
lectern you make a lecture you both you
go left and you go away again and you
buy cigarette none you my toy if you do
vanilla come on man I'm trying so hard
to know what though we're so glad this
came here as a composition over here you
see broke a lot of those three and just
got pretty wife it's over
okay walking I go to store my rope
through your cigarette thug know this
city's big I'm just walking up and I get
lost you lost this place oh oh I just
thought normal I got the chin of you
accent well mommy your feet to the yeah
no Mia was a bunny run funny man Oh
mommy you're Mario yeah come on man sigh
see Mamma Mia depite supposed to be I
like the beads up was that happen with
it I can't you see they what is it it's
Aziz he's Italian damn it's tired of
everyone got a point
oh you got a last one no no it is serve
only had a tie it's a task groups
tuskor yeah
duh hey I missed some bad at this but yo
highlight a lady rose uh uh I'm a famous
person bro Yuri didn't New York what
you're excited it's crazy
no I don't think this person I'm gonna
song called mirror on the wall I'm a
rapper too just until a problem cuz you
sell it he does I go oh those cookie one
yeah
so one day I'll lock him in hand and I
see all these kids the hey I know you
you usually stop here on the wall okay
Lil Wayne yeah for those of Morris Lou
and everyone yeah no you're right
this is Louise like yo yeah Lily Yee no
no damn I suck a little into he does he
like yeah good money here oh my god I
won that I feel like my accents were
more closer to about things whatever we
chose comment below who you think had a
better accents him or me and let us know
and we'll find out the answer so that's
the end of this challenge hope you guys
enjoy a thumbs up for more challenges
with him or any of my brothers are
assisted and let me know and we'll be
doing more transit Thank You sword for
watching It's A Wrap
