hey guys I'm Adam I'm Sheikh and we are
true story a SA and today we're gonna be
doing the dizzy challenge so basically
what's gonna happen in this challenge is
that the person that's first is gonna
get spinned around for 30 seconds and
then after that when the person is
completely dizzy he will have to do four
different challenges the four challenge
is all you have to go up a ladder all
the way to the top while you're dizzy
the second challenge is you have to walk
in a straight line while you're super
duper dizzy the third challenge is that
you have to put on a shirt and the
fourth challenge is you have to jump
over a chair you don't go on a roller
coaster so I get dizzy yes it does no it
doesn't so we don't have a chair that
spins you around so we have a human his
name is slim he's gonna spin us around
and yeah I love little honors oh okay
I'll turn that one more one more
you have to get down that side oh man
challenge one complete I did some very
excited being the spinner man like right
away get up
don't fall
oh no it was a fast turn come on come on
you got this you got this come on hands
up you got it no instead of making it
too easy just walk in a straight line
you have to hold these two heavy
sandbags and walk straight and straight
line like this some fast fast fast ten
six straight Shh let me know Adam you
next rate you going too much their left
too much that all right straight line is
about hold you know I got so we're done
with this challenge the worst challenge
ever
I do not even want to do ever again so
you guys did enjoy make sure you give it
a thumbs up and go turkey a big
shout-out to slim from stomach agent for
spinning us around we did three stupid
momentous six bits oh no we got four
wait wait for me
with the four spins he did I did eight
spins and you guys let us know who won
this dizzy challenge was it me I wasn't
shaking at times you would go too late
way they're pretty good so no way Suzie
drops me I get too dizzy but it's over
again so it's Mars right pieces
