hey guys what's up ado me gang I'm here
with Marcin and Rima this is a totally
different kind of video I am back at the
new Adams family house I was supposed to
do a video with Rima I was gonna make
her read my Instagram DMS and then
something really really crazy happened
with my little brother and when
something happens with my family it
hurts me the most because I don't want
anything happening to my family I'd
rather happen it to me especially to my
little brother like my little brother is
the most innocent boy ever he's so shy
never wants to be shown on camera he
works so hard goes to school he
literally stays home all day and the day
he took out my dad's car the one that I
surprised my dad with the toyota 4runner
a few years back i surprised my dad with
that car so my little brother if you
guys do not know him his name is yousef
but i call him mace it's a long long
story why we call him mace but i'll tell
you guys maybe in another video but yes
my little brother took out my dad's car
and he got into a really really big car
accident this is probably the biggest
car crash that happened in my family and
its really really scary it also affects
like my family Mawson and Rima because
they see me my whole family like my mom
she was crying my dad was going crazy
everyone was just so confused when it
happened was just really really scary
and the kids you know like they're six
and three years old they don't know
what's going on so it gets them really
really panicked like I can see them
trying to notice like what's going on I
want to see what's going on actually
come what do you think is going on from
what you heard because she's heard
literally every my whole family talking
before I showed you guys the clips of
the car crash and everything I want to
ask Rima and I want to see what's in her
mind first like what she seemed not
mauston because Mawson he's in a
different world Remo so tell me what do
you think is happening do you want
attention
so Remo calls my brother I'm new because
that's her dad's brother she doesn't
call me amo because I'm more like I
don't know if she was like you're not
more your Adam I was trying to go and
then and then and then we crashed hey
that's pretty good it's pretty close
from what you added up from all of us
it's pretty close but it's something
really worse to do me and the clip is
really really scared by the way my
little brother is fine ham did let the
ambulance took him they took him to the
hospital I'm gonna show you guys the
clip right now let's go to the video I
want to give you a huge shout out to you
dad safe abusive thank you so much for
going so fast to my brother because my
little brother crashed near him and he
went there so fast a huge shout-out to
Mohammed Abu Hamza Homs his dad for
helping out my mom my dad my older
brother literally everyone went there
because it was so scary I'm not getting
a phone call saying yo you just got in a
big crash the ambulance are coming is
just really really scary and put me in
the mood not to want to make a video but
the thing is I feel like we always have
a connection so I always want to tell
you guys what goes on but seriously so
much crazy stuff happens I mean it's
really really scary but I'm on yeah let
me show you guys the video because this
video was really scary I'm gonna explain
to you guys everything because the other
driver she was speeding so so much and
she came out of nowhere and hit my
brother okay so right there that's um
that's my dad's car but my little
brother is inside he is on a stop sign
he's waiting at a stop sign by the way
my little brother he's like the safest
driver ever he drives so so safe my
brother was waiting he was still waiting
still waiting ok now he's going slowly
he's looking both ways he goes the cars
to the left wait and the carton right
hidden and then what oh my god
alright guys I want to show you guys
another video of a different view yeah
he's okay but look let's do it in slow
motion
and then he hit the store boom I
seriously hate doing videos like this
where I have to say like bad news for my
family stuff because I know what gets
the haters happy about you want to say
haters you guys are not affecting anyone
we're only focused on the positive every
single day we only focus on the positive
if we have a little bump on the road
we're just gonna come back even higher
this thing sickens me man seriously this
is why I do not want to drive you can
clearly see my brother driving safe
stopping the stop sign and then slowly
going across the cars to the left did I
have a go for the car to the right it
was going so so fast it seemed like they
were speeding or going out of control
the good thing is that having to let my
little brother he's good if you guys can
please pray for him because he hit his
head really hard inside the ceiling of
the car I was just so so afraid imagine
if my dad was in there my dad is 67
years old and I'm sure you can't handle
a car going against another car
seriously man I hate the fact that I
happen to my little brother I would
seriously rather it be me this is how
the car looks man the car is completely
damaged
it really really sucks because now that
insurance for my dad is gonna go even
higher all I want to say is to everyone
out there who drives and who speeds
please slow down please dry safe
those two three minutes that you want to
save is not worth your life my whole
family is so scared right now but
haven't in love we got so lucky nothing
serious happened and I really hope
inshallah you guys can keep us in your
prayers I love you and doomy getting it
kind of really sucks because I'm leaving
to Kuwait right now once again I'm only
going to Kuwait for one day to surprise
a fan for her birthday party but now my
whole flight I'm gonna be so scared
because of this that happened you guys
don't really see like the behind the
scenes of what really happens that life
is not every single day like smiling and
like you know being happy and stuff
sometimes we go through issues like
issues like this and it just puts us in
a mood and it makes us I don't know just
makes us think about life I mean I guess
sometimes it might be good to I don't
even know I'm just keeping this unedited
to show you guys what the heck we have
to go through Karim are you sure
Mohsen he has no clue he's three years
old but he has no clue he's like I wish
I were three man yeah even though I'm
leaving for today I'm gonna miss you
guys so so much I love you do me again I
just want to say I'm so so sorry that
had to give you guys a video like this
today but I'm heading to Kuwait right
now it's cold right now I'm gonna go
inside by the way guys in a few days
we're getting furniture finally we're
getting one side that's gonna look like
you know Yemeni tied furniture he's
gonna be a dope dope one I dropped like
freakin five to send K on it but it's
gonna be really really dope and then the
other side is gonna be an american couch
and then my secret floor just has a few
days so do me yeah don't forget Saturday
is the confession and then a week after
I will reveal the whole secret floor are
you excited about this one hmm
by the way when I'm back from quoits
which is tomorrow I'm back to New York I
will go check my peel box and open it up
and do a video on it but for now Rima I
know I never usually open the boxes but
I'm gonna open this up right now because
Rima mean--you we're gonna do a prank on
my dad so I'm gonna give you guys an
exclusive sneak preview right now
well let's open this and I'll show you
how it's open this up by the way my
flight is literally in like two hours
I'm like 20 minutes on the flight dumi
yang this is another box in here ready
to open it
it's a box inside another box the let's
open it up is hello wait
Rema guess what it is I got so many of
these I want you guys to guess what it
is okay ready
it is this dry eerie but do you know
what this is I'm pretty sure she doesn't
know what it is no it's not I'm gonna
crack this on your head yeah what do you
mean no what do you mean no
should I crack myself I'm gonna do it
ready
nope we're gonna get good dude yes I
wanna change me no no be careful
dropping um Wow we just what the heck
didn't do it right
Rima we're saving all these okay do me
yank so I am heading to my flight and
get a vlog a bit when I surprised the
fan and quoits and I'm also gonna vlog
on my way back from Quay to New York
City I'm going Emirates first class for
the first time ever it do me gay the
first time ever ratchet Adams going
first class in Edwards so I cannot wait
to vlog there this is like it's like a
big achievement for me because that's
crazy
Edwards first class that is what you
have to do me I'm going so I'm gonna
wrap up the vlog here I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog if you guys did make
sure you give it a thumbs up
I'm so so sorry once again that this
vlog is kind of short do me a guy's
understand a lot more stuff coming snake
economist you guys come through Saturday
1:00 p.m. Javits Center that is my gave
me money kicks Moloch's slim off'
occation we are all in one team yes the
Middle Eastern see but they're gonna be
really really cool in New York New
Jersey anyone about the area come
through watch the game it's gonna be fun
I'm gonna be my basketball stuff it says
to do me bang your mother than that do
me gang I'll see you guys tomorrow if
you guys have it make sure you guys
subscribe make sure you guys put your
thumbs up thumbs up and do me and put
your notifications on I upload every
single day I love you guys do me I take
care and peace I love you turn in a
chance where the Gotti should it came
when life gives you yemen baby makes
them Yemen aid place I'll meet you there
the playing like an uber if that makes
me imagine or discuss and see much tuna
but this show think my heart began
inside
