hey guys wassup right now I'm here with
my older brother Brahim and I'm seven
and I wish my little brother was here
but he can't come out for fed just
picking a pretty home he says yes school
early tomorrow and usually he's the Imam
for this message here and I'm really
nervous so I got a people than that
today but I was so excited about so
nervous cuz I did it before and yeah
ready I don't know I was just really
nervous
that's see how this goes and shout luck
was one I so we just left the Masjid and
him did Allah got it done it was just
good you sure yeah I feel like I mean I
would want to record it but it's kind of
awkward like I wouldn't want to show and
take out a camera put it down like hey
look let me just show ya I wouldn't want
to record it but I know some of you guys
telling me to to record or something
like that but it was what well next time
I make you do I know like Sam yeah the
next time he makes them you can do it it
was just so nervous like you know how
look when the moms take long and they're
like they say several law and I'm gonna
hammer then you clap somebody gets
nervous yeah and then you got away like
a little longer you know usually like
when I pay him I'll just go down real
fast but you got to wait a little longer
just for like but I don't know if you
know what I mean but yeah of him that
just feels great him does an amazing
feeling
this is my cooler brother he doesn't
kick me out the room and so like that
but none of a mother brother he's really
cool but he's just camera shy isn't like
that he's more like outgoing he's more
like talk so
I'm gonna look so nice guys I'm walking
down the hall we just got to do you to
space me and slim and guess was late
today who's Lee shake shake right and
you complained about me i watch the vlog
is that he complained of you autumn gets
emotional so I say but how many minutes
at a company yesterday huh yesterday no
yesterday I came like 30 40 minutes no
you can't my late a hollow house shake
been late today right now she is 6
o'clock he's three hours late mode
that's like another level late that's
like another level e he's gonna come and
smell like he knows just what happened
was it a deer and a zebra a deer bruh
like that thing you just are my guys I'm
s it's all good was still gonna be
telling him saying me filming here
so yeah are you doing
turn off why do you why do you bother me
too huh Oh buddy I is Bros Peter you
violated us how you came three hours
later so Wow so I deserve roast you
you're part of watch your back buddy i
watch your back watch I'm gonna get both
you guys next cream after that roasting
battle Oh
toast toast you and make you two but
I'll roast you I put you I'll toast you
then put peanut butter and jelly on you
bro oh the microwave you like a doe
turkey
I'll roast you throw you in the
microwave so you dog Turkey for real
oh oh don't spray it Oh
spray don't say it oh I'm a roast you
I'm gonna put you in a toaster I'm a
toaster so I'm put some butter some
freakin Nutella and eat eat you up spit
you out throw you just a quick preview
for the rolls between these two cuz I'm
already done I'm off to listen roastin
bro crazy so we're gonna see who's gonna
chug the water the fastest open it up
now we have to start with it's open okay
three two one hello Simona three two one
go did you spit in my face we shall have
more left
I'm sorry is this water broke
I wonder I finished it rah finish it
totally Slenderman you spit everything
was and I don't me brothers laughing
with another piece of decision
how do I love you
so since she came three hours late I
roasted him I'm a snapchat me and me
slim we roasted him like crazy I don't
know if you guys to watch it but you
guys can go really fast right now but if
it's Madame Lily you save all them edit
video visuals hello this is Adam solid
93 the roast of shaykh Akbar others will
be most enough it's all kind of down
name
why does they expect that you know
expect um all I come to say about it I'm
sorry
three hours late finally done with our
you two studio we home they love you
finished a lot of stuff and on our way
here we found the most hysterical girl
ever
the way she laughed is insane so her
life again
like that do a scenario lived in a
scenario I didn't go I said Leslie guy
you're the guy he's the girl go I was
like oh you look so pretty
I was based Super Smash Brothers this
character is a real character
the name is shake but has no H and I'm
gonna choose I've noticed about like a
little Mac you guys let me know who's
your favorite player in Super Smash
I like Little Mac a little Mike any
character something like slim is really
really nice okay beat me though
30 seconds left in the game oh you lucky
me wrong oh you lucky boy you're so
lucky
oh you're out come back yeah Adam eat it
yeah you made it boy we have is next
Tiger wins yeah yeah hey I got him oh oh
no he's safe I won season you die is it
time yet
sudden death next kill wins the other
three money next year wins oh yeah wins
oh no no that's a winner
yeah we were walking down and look what
we see this is so cool I wonder we wrote
to move
Hey he was like a theatre in the court
hi guys it's time to wrap up this vlog
hope you all enjoy this vlog if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey if you watch this vlog till now
give this video a thumbs up they got so
much fun with showing a lot of love and
supports our daily vlogs truly means a
lot or almost have 500 videos on our AAA
daily vlog so that's just that's just
crazy almost two years doing daily vlogs
you know some days you must here and
there but just it's crazy that the fact
almost two years we've been doing daily
vlogs thank you guys so much for always
you know being on this journey for us
whether you started watching our daily
vlogs from two years ago or two days ago
it truly means a lot and a lot of many
more years to come
Shelly will be seeing those liking on or
grandpa's I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care peace I like
