what up guys welcome to another ASC
daily rant today our topic is parrots
and today I'll be talking about parents
first off I just want to say that
parrots are probably the biggest
blessings that anyone can have having
parents is never a loss it's always a
plus a lot of you in the world today
don't have parents a lot of people are
orphans they lost their parents say in a
war they lost their parents all day they
lost it probably cuz with disease there
are people in the world who don't have
parents but the sad part is that there
are people in the world who do have
parents but disrespect them there's
people who has parents but still treat
them like they're some stranger
something when I president believe is
that parents should be respected to the
fullest without a question without any
doubts I know everyone has a moment when
they argue with their parents everyone
does that but I don't like when people
go past the limits they are stories
where I heard where sons or daughters
would kick their parents out of the
house as they get older there was a guy
that he was about 27 28 years old and he
literally kicked his father out the
house because of his wife because his
wife clearly told him kick your dad out
of the house I don't want him living
with me he can live somewhere else that
is an example of disrespect and dishonor
words can't even be put on how
disrespectful that is you're gonna be
kicking out the father or mother that
raised you that made you who you are
today how I don't know how people
actually have the guts inside and how
they have the balls inside them to stand
up and tell their dad get out of the
house you know this is a guy that's been
raising since you were born once came to
this world this guy's been treating with
so much love and you grow up and you
kick him on the house just cuz you got a
wife just because you wanna be alone
people want to leave when they reach the
age of 18 they want to stay away from
their parent and to be honest on my
point I'm gonna be straight up I do not
want to leave my parent no matter how
old I get I do not want to leave them
because I always think the sense that
they raised me since I was young as I'm
getting older why should I kick them out
of the house or why shouldn't move away
from them because this give me a point
where they're gonna come to an age where
be very difficult for them to walk and
talk and basically do anything and
that's where I come in
that's what we all come in if your
parents in that position that that's
that's mostly when they need you
because you're in position where you are
what they need and if I'm not there for
them while they're going through that is
gonna break me inside and to be honest I
just can't do it that's just not in me I
mean I have to leave them for months or
days for like trips or whatever but I
can't leave them for years I can't
officially move out from them and I know
it's childish I know people to be like
oh you want to live with your mom
forever we still as a mom there's
nothing wrong with living with your mom
you can be married living the same
building as them it's completely fine
there's nothing wrong with that
but you know obviously it's a joke to
some people so me were like aha I used
to live with your mom
and to be honest that's not even a joke
and tamanna I don't feel offended today
because what I believe in is that these
are the parents that raised me and I'm
not give up on them when they need me
but before I end this just think about
once just think about this your parents
took so much care for you since you were
born they did so much for you they fed
you when you need to be fed they gave
you money when you needed money they
protected you whenever you need a
protection and as you get older these
are the parents that you pretend our
strangers these are the parents that you
don't show love to know more these are
the parents that you want to kick out of
the house with all that being said we
guys enjoyed this rankers video a thumbs
up and go brownie til tomorrow with more
rounds our events are not always gonna
be serious are not always gonna be jokes
they're everything mixed so yeah that's
a wrap hi what's up this is Adam and
welcome to a si derly ranch
today's topic is parents inspired by my
mom yesterday so instead of saying
something really serious is something
really scary about you know parents and
stuff like that I want to make this fun
I want to talk about funny stories that
I've been through with my parents I want
to share it with you guys so I told a
couple of you this story I knew now but
I'm gonna say it again here so I was in
high school ninth grade grade 9 which
ever and I did I have a cell phone so I
gave my friend my house number we were
doing a project together and he had to
call me so we can work on it together
stuff like that so I'm home laying down
I don't know what I was doing I was
watching
toons all of a sudden the house phone
rings I never want to pick up the house
1 because it's all my mom's friends and
I don't I don't want to just like talk
it's kind of embarrassing stuff like
that so I didn't want to pick up so my
mom picked up she's like Ella yeah can I
speak to Adam anyway yes just give me
one minute happy be give me one minute
okay yeah happy Thea but that's
ownership and okay I'm gonna call you
later because uh Adam he's doing project
with his friend and he's so smart it's
gonna be the two dilemma saliva goodbye
so while they were talking I'm in my
room watching TV I do not know what was
going on okay I'm gonna call him now
okay okay our parents when they yell out
your name they yell that out really
really that like if they're about to hit
this high no ah dah okay Adam dad
telephone what the heck is AA dog I kept
three more yelling my name I like that
and I wish I wish I would have got up
the first time and just when I'm turning
got the phone but I didn't I was too
busy watching the cartoons and I wanted
that I don't know what I was watching I
forgot but I went to that episode to
finish to go to commercial then I'll go
to her so I made a dumb decision because
mom screamed my name out even louder
like she's about to hit the high note of
the song I will always love you
you're Adams mom is crazy huh so
commercials finally go up then I run to
my mom I take the phone what's up Robert
and it was like yo you good man I'm like
yeah why he was like your mom was
screaming some weird stuff man I'm like
what is she screaming she screamed my
name he was like that's your name game
is ah Dom I'm like no my name is Adam
but you know in Arabic they say like
Adam and then I go to school the next
day I see Robert looking at me and
laughing he's like yo ah Dom come over
here sit down
then my other friend was like Adam not
come over sit over here and then my
other friend was like Adam come sit next
to me homie I didn't like doing anything
that whole month even the teacher the
students they all called me Adam I
begged my dad to buy me a cell phone
ever since that happened so mommy thank
you so much
you're cause of screaming out Adam God
he laughed at but also got me my first
cell phone I know it's like super late
to get a cell phone in the ninth grade
by the time I was like 2007 2008 not
like you kids you kids are like three
years old these days having iPads having
cell phones okay it's not a story about
my mom let me tell you guys a funny
story about my dad so one time I had
this really really big fight like was a
really big fight in the school that the
police had to take care of herself like
that so I was in the police station
they were arresting me as a desk
appearance it wasn't that serious but
they arrest me has desk appears I was 16
years old at the time and they before
that happen I was watching this
documentary and it was like the people
who are 16 years and up they get treated
as an adult in America it was so scary
it's like if you're if you're under 16
years old you get treated as a child in
America while the cop was asking me how
old are you I was like I'm 13 then he
was like are 13 cool I was like younger
man I don't know how he believed I was
30 years old when I was in high school
then he was like oh you're 13 you get
processed as you know like a kid like a
juvenile kid or something like that I'm
like oh I don't know why he was like all
cuz every 16 you know you get processed
with the older people you know you get
the real you know the real thing not you
know the baby kid eating oh yeah 13 men
just turn the teenager how's it going
and it was like oh is that your first
time I'm gonna call your dad right now
so he calls my dad my dad
comes in and I was so scared for the cop
was gonna ask my dad how old I am and my
dad would be like only 16 and the other
processed me as an adult so I was so
worried so my mission was to get my dad
to say that I'm 13 and to let him know
that I told the police that I'm 13 so
when my dad came in the first thing I
said was in Arabic I was like this and
already tell - that means that I'm 13
years old so as soon as I said that to
my dad my dad automatically tells the
police oh my son 13 years old my son 13
years old and all of a sudden the cop
was like um I understand he's 13 why are
you saying that he's 13 all of a sudden
I was literally like this handcuffed I
was like I don't ask you to see look oh
no man I'm not - the cop was like what
is going on here what are you saying my
dad comes out no he's like my son is 13
my son is 13 years old 13 the cops tell
my dad I understand your son is 13 but
why do you keep telling me that you keep
speaking to him in your language can you
please tell me and talk to me in English
you're not talking to your son right now
your son is in trouble you're talking to
me then my dad continues my son 13 years
old my son 13 years old and I'm there in
the back like oh no dad please don't
don't say nothing - my son is 13 years
old he is baby he is 13 years old the
cop was like you know what you need to
go bring your son's birth certificate
because I think something is going on
here so my dad I want to go get my birth
certificate and then he came back they
found out I was 16 years old and once
they found out I was lying
they put an extra charge on me which was
called false impersonation I lied about
my age and they were trying to charge my
dad also but my dad had nothing always
going on so they just let him go cuz my
dad was just dunno going on while I was
so scared my dad went up to the cop and
he was like hey can I ask you something
the cop was like yes what do you want
can I take picture of my son now I want
to take fiction am I send him with the
handcuffs he look so funny ow I went on
this show him in five years how stupid
he is okay at the compost owner he's
like a man should go ahead and take a
picture and I was there handcuffed
posing for the picture like only god can
judge me I had until I did not get in
big trouble with something really small
and minor so I just got suspended from
school for that time for a fight and
yeah it was a pretty funny story cuz my
dad had the picture but he doesn't have
it in tomorrow so I would show you guys
I was a really really funny picture hope
you guys enjoyed my funny story if you
guys want more funny stories about my
parents please give this a thumbs up and
go Turkey I have a lot of funny stories
of my dad and my mom do leave a comment
below let me know a funny story about
your parents
and yeah I'll be reading them see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace love
you
