hey guys sub team a sa and a do me game
the greatest team and the greatest gang
in the world how I doing this vlog is
gonna be me talking mostly and not
acting crazy and stuff like that so if
you think that's boring then then you
don't have to watch it but if you're
gonna stay and listen then you the real
MVP and you're a great person it's no
one hard outside to so we can't even go
outside or anything like that until you
guys thank you guys so much for 300,000
subscribers on this channel in a sea of
likes channel and the true story is a
channel we have almost a little more to
go but 800,000 subscribers and so that's
about 1.1 million subscribers altogether
and 60 million views on this channel and
then the main channel is about 7080
million views to us altogether almost
200 million views together is just an
amazing and amazing feeling knowing who
made hundreds of thousands millions of
people smile so thank you guys so much
for make us all happen for subscribing
for thumbs up for commenting just
everything that you guys do for us
Twitter tweeting us Facebook liking and
just you know keeping everything fun
keeping everything interesting so just
truly means a lot thank you guys from
the bottom of my heart I just felt like
I wanted to thank you all because 2015
is gonna be a really big year for us
inshaallah
and i just cannot wait to meet all of
you every single one of you on that on
our year of tour or whatever shows we do
I felt like in 2013 I was like a really
happy guy you know stress-free I wasn't
caring about anything and then by 2014 I
felt like I was being controlled not
controlled by like a manager but like a
company or stuff like that I've been
controlled by the public like focusing
on what they think and what they want me
to be like I wasn't being myself I was
just being somebody that the public
wants it me to be and for this year 2015
I'm not gonna be like that I'm gonna go
back to being me how it was 2013 I'm
just gonna do whatever I want if
somebody doesn't like what I did or when
I said then who cares that I'm not gonna
be it to try to please everybody I know
my tensions are good I know that myself
so I have nobody to explain it to no I'm
no longer gonna explain myself on
Facebook and Twitter cuz I feel like I
do not even need to waste my time on
explaining myself
like that and in order to be successful
you have to ignore anything you know
there's always going to be people who
not gonna like something that you did
some people actually understand that you
know that I'm also human and I make
mistakes
everyone makes stupid mistake and if
you're more understanding maybe you'll
even help me out go through whatever
dumb thing I did tweet me or calm me
something cool you know to help me go
through wherever I'm going I know
there's a lot of you always helped me
out with that message me private message
me tweet me a lot of stuff so thank you
guys so much for that you guys seriously
make me a better person you guys might
not notice some but you guys truly do
make me a better person that's basically
what I'm gonna do I feel like I need to
be more like more me I need to just do
whatever I want do whatever I feel like
it's correct I can't make the public do
my decisions on my personal life and
what I do
so i'ma continue on being me and sending
you guys making you guys smile every
single day thank you guys so much for
always being by my side through ups and
downs it was a fun roller coaster but
I'll have many more success to come and
I cannot wait to bring you on this
journey is gonna be super duper exciting
I cannot wait till gets warmer because
it's giving me more fun we have many
more surprises to come
a huge meeting that we're gonna have
pretty pretty soon and it's something
that's really really good these people
that want to do something with us I
don't want to say much of that one do
something with us they already like me
and shake they love true stories say
they want us to do something as soon as
possible they don't want to you know go
step by step and they feel like that
they want us to do it right away so
inshallah or your dad and everything
everything will work out I love you guys
take care thank you guys so much Rima is
gonna be on the next shot so enjoy
Reema's face I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace so this is the
coolest book ever not that's the track
team a essay around the world you are
here remember we are here just wanted to
say that we love you a lot to me sooner
always love you so much no we're not
that's Cass Canada we're here Canada is
here I love it when you guys work
together and help each other out and you
know be friends and be nice to each
other school
Adam Charlotte that's good next one that
is crazy look at the big guy we enjoyed
his buenos
Wow you just ate these windows Wow we
got this probably like a couple months
ago but I want to I wanted to see it
again cuz I'm holding in my closet and
you know you know every couple months
you want to see me yes yes us us and if
I'm not following you guys I will father
you guys and this girl is just like who
is this that's not you
that's a girl who just looks like you
Rema hello That's not me in the diarrhea
is an amazing amazing book oh I know you
Twitter yes I do supporting Adam I do
know your Twitter and I do follow you
hello never really use the tissue
because I wanted to keep it but we must
be crying by now after reading sheiks
message so here's some tissue to dry a
few tears oh you're so sweet shake from
nazmi what's up as me one of the first
people that I met in London so is
Farmiga she's one of the first people
that Rhema IV had that B girls not me in
a head job Rima that's fine Mita
Marin London - also Yasmine I met her in
London - one of the first people
seriously like they were the first
moment we landed in London we met them
like was so cool thank you guys so much
truly means a lot so sad I'm turning 22
in a few months I see you guys she's
gonna watch it from the other way we
love you
pace guys so I just came back from Odawa
if you guys don't want that it's like a
desi gathering and my aunts place and I
just came back right now so I'm like
still just like this but when I got home
this place is like a mess like this snow
with all the place because normals hold
all day and it's soaring like crazy it
was sort of like crazy so they expect
about five inches me so now that I'm
alone I'm gonna have to clean all this
up this shakes shoveling series has a
co-worker his name is I'm their first so
basically the point is make sure if the
pathway is cleared please see all the
extra space no one's gonna walk in there
right so you have to make sure that this
path is cleared this is why
you see I was born with this having so
that's why a lot of people can't show
like when they show they go up and down
this I'm gonna hide you shovel I said
this has some people show up okay it's
kind of close I'm saying every straight
real quick you'll be there
never wear dress shoes in the snow you
basically you see the pathway here
that's this is all I'm saying our
example may not use give me two to
lessen probably something you can wear
indoors so here very slippy again you're
making everything worse
you see element man
I got know what jacket on or not I'm
still shoveling luck shake and then
there's somebody else traveling on the
other side see this is my first client
he took classes in classes for me see
he's messing up already
you know he's messing up already see see
you have to sing more Patsy I take
tumbling cutting class 101
are you doing what are you doing there
you go ready please raise okay no no no
that dive into the big pile right there
today I would go back around echo-y Yolo
anyone who do that hear that okay I'm
there we'll go
you know stop driver okay go do some
Yolo
you're lost time obviously we can't
dance right
anyway I was up there good light alright
guys has a blog because you get thumbs
up in go granny first of all I want to
thank you guys all for giving us 300,000
subscribers on an AAS a vlog channel
thank you so much from the bottom of my
heart thank you so much from the bottom
out of his heart we got love from
thousand thousands of people and
subscribes from over 300,000 people and
that's a huge comment for us and think
it's so much follow the love and support
he has been giving us
it honestly means a lot and we will
continue making daily vlogs and rants
and challenges and dares and pranks and
everything for you guys so this is
basically our way of thanking you for
everything you do for us so yeah that's
a wrap
