you
hello guys this is Adam Arsenio Sala and
I thought I'm gonna show you guys my
sneaker collection my boot collection
the slippers collection I'm gonna show
you guys everything because you guys
have been telling me and asking for it
so I'm gonna give it to you guys okay
oh if you guys don't know my teddy bear
his name is hammoudi
say I am woody hi okay goodbye okay so
as I was saying my sneakers I love to
take care of them I love to keep them
you know fresh you know what I'm saying
and um right now I have about 26 27
pairs of you know altogether 26 pears
shoutout to all the pears but altogether
I really have is about 40 because my
other ten to twelve 14 pairs or in
hamsters house because I always sleep
over and hams this house sometimes and
what are you doing over here the first
ones are are my very very very favorite
that pink cracks I love them so much
this is the easy way up let's see I want
to go outside real fast just to go pick
up Rima from school I just put on the
pink rocks and I go take a thing easy
these are the slippers that I use to go
to the bathroom fro though it's the
winter time right now you know snowing
outside so always wear boots I don't
wear my Gardens I don't wear my sneakers
my Nikes outside these days because of
the snow so I would start off by showing
you guys my boots these boots right here
can you see it
I maybe got the couple months ago there
Steve Madden boots very very good boots
one of the best one of the best these
two are poor Oh Ralph Lauren boots I
wore this boot for my New York City Show
in 2012 and I had these boots for maybe
like two three years so it's very very
long time these boots are one of my
favorite these are diesel boots they're
very very hard very good to be the cup
people stop picking them on the face if
you don't like them so I recommend it
very very much to get these boots any of
your boots or sneakers or anything or
dirty or something you know you can use
this it cleans it up very very fast it
looks like whipped cream but it's not
dope cream so don't eat it I make a
mistake last time and I eat it and I uh
I wasn't feeling good about it but now
look crispy fresh clean these are also
Polo Ralph Lauren boots but they look
very very different I love these boots
these are very nice in the snow even if
this flood to fix the flood and you put
it like it in a gold go on top even like
don't water will go in this because this
is amazing
these are palladium boots you know it's
not that strong you can't kick the
people to face not that hard but still
really really good it's boots that you
can walk and move very very fast very
light boots so you can run you can drag
with it you can do exercise you can get
six back with the six pack with the
booster only boots you can play and get
six pack these are called a CGS they're
very very big boots very very nice boots
very strong muscular this boot is like
one of those cars that I can drive
through those crazy mountains that I'm
from and it can drive through so good
without no problem this is the kind of
boot you know what I'm talking about
you know what I'm saying I'm gonna start
with the shoes first okay because shoes
is very very quick these are very cool
shoes Tommy Hilfiger shoes and yeah I
always wear it maybe if we go to a
wedding maybe somewhere in order to do a
dress that's classy class you can do
some defconn you know what I'm saying
look how nice to look at my feet
these shoes are you know nice and color
for the nice fashion night style that
from Aldo's nice and simple
these are brown very classy shoes I
forgot what I got it from but I got it
in Las Vegas the fight of Amir Khan this
is the shoes that I got they're very
very nice I forgot what's stored but
huge shout out for letting me buy your
shoes I was gonna buy your store with my
credit card but I want you guys to have
your job I don't want you guys to get
fired okay so I'm gonna start with a
sneaker because I know your favorites or
you know the the sneaker to go to Dan so
I'm gonna show you guys the Gordon's
that I have and that I barely wear
because you know the snow outside in New
York City just like it's crazy it makes
me go crazy make me Majnoon this is why
my mom go crazy and she throw the Gordon
on my face it's okay let me show you
guys okay I'll start off with these or
brand new I just got these maybe couple
days ago these are bred Noda I would
never do this with any sneaker but these
are brand new they are the air Gordon
for retro tech gray this is another
bread no one's just got these very very
fresh why these are the Gordon Columbia
11 he taught in flash my phone if you
have these when you take a picture with
these on you don't need flash because
these will flash the flash on your phone
because these are very very nice very
icy
very very fresh and these are bread no
don't say nothing this more like acid oh
my god I do not know why I did this like
this these are called the paring knives
I had these maybe last year very very
amazing snicker got them you're an
amazing guy only one on one in
basketball you think you're nice you
think you're cool making all these
sneakers well you are I like these
because you know they're like the Yemen
flag look like the Emily flag a red
white and black carmine Six's look look
look doesn't it look so cool well I when
I wear these ladies are like oh my
goodness where did you get your sneakers
from I'm like baby
don't talk let me keep walking these are
also the Elevens the row tops Jordan
fives I believe they are the five scam
sir I also have the red ones but they
are in Hamzah's house they are called
Foamposites the ice cream phone buzzes
they're not God
pose buzzes to eat like this nope don't
do that don't do this stunt like this
these are called
ice cream because they someone took like
vanilla ice cream I mommy one time hit
me with one of these it is really really
hard
so mothers if you're watching this Salam
alaikum how are you doing if you want to
hit your son if you being bad get
Foamposites now what why he will learn
his lesson these were off they will give
you a headache for two weeks I love the
color of these these are white and gold
Jordan twelves don't you love these
white and gold sneakers looks very very
nice amazing color the Elevens low top
black with a lot of white right there
these are red and black Nike terracotta
choose the most comfortable sneakers
more comfortable than the Gordon's are
these the Nike Haruka cheese had ricotta
cheese if you know how to pronounce and
please leave it in the comments below
these two are my keys very nice simple
Nikes I like it because it looks like
the 1990s I missed the 90s so so much
this is very nice simple sneakers
these are Nikes also I do not know what
it's called I forgot but the LaCrosse
see they're very funny it looks like his
head on it you know why these are very
very famous sneakers because these are
the sneakers that I wore when I had a
boxing match with that guy back in back
in june/july back in the summer time in
2014 and yes I might have a rematch with
him as almost 5 million views these
sneakers if it wasn't for these sneakers
I I woulda got knocked out but yes it's
gonna be next again I'm gonna wear these
sneakers again these are good luck
sneakers thank you very much
these are griffeys I know look so bad it
looks like it been through the world war
2 I'm so sorry I forgot to show you guys
my other boot famous famous boot
timberland boots these are the no.1 ones
that I got 2014 for the for the tour we
had in the UK for the UK tour these I
got them a year ago about a year ago
year ago ah but he's got busted up so I
bought no one's every year I buy new
timberlands I also have black
timberlands plates and Hamza's house do
you want me to do a party to give this
video a thumbs up if you want me to do a
surf sneaker cuz a clothing collection
I'll show you guys my clothing stuff
like this because I have a lot maybe
I'll give away some clothing so give
this video a thumbs up for you
join guys this is Adam Messinger sorry
I'm gonna be out thank you so much for
watching I love you all so much take
care and peace see you tomorrow oh I
love all of you
my gosh so I'm doing it you now right
now and I got to give them a shout-out
before so today they will be getting a
shoutout so what's up
say hi to yourself I'll keep this on for
a good 30 seconds so you guys can say hi
to yourself what's up how's it going hi
hi raphae doing hey hey how's it going
Sabina what's up
yes mean Serena Paris what's up shout
out to Paris how you're doing BAE what's
up days we sup hearts thinking Natasha
what's up son are you doing and you guys
got it to to 32,000 thumbs up as crazy
Bethenny proposed Thank You Bethenny I
know and Jesse what's up how you guys do
it what's up no uh-huh are you so
obsessed with selfies were almost as oh
baby many ways obsessive sulkies cuz I'm
related to you dolls I mean you're
obsessed with selfies and everybody says
it in every video are you done yeah why
did face a little closer like your
regulates game Oh God here don't happy
don't hack me Leila Clark thank you so I
saved with me in our house today but for
somebody he keeps crying what what he's
on your lap brother
crying no no please be shhh
hey Leslie hey there he is
if I don't happen we'll have babies so
he's so cute so mommy look that you say
well it's you little cutie cozy little
qu you're the goof just search her mommy
gonna be quiet otherwise watch oh my god
Zane is so annoying my god I've
literally tried so long trying to make
him quiet but he's still in there guy so
I just said I'm upstairs so I'm better
days I guess I don't know like why Jack
me too baby don't cry don't cry oh crap
oh I don't try oh joy boy oh boy don't
cry I have another baby in the house do
you boo - do you boo oh you you're going
crazy baby hold you on your crazy babe -
you're a little plenty baby on you
you're such a crazy baby who's the crazy
baby - your baby little baby baby
little wavy I'm annoying right yeah
what need to baby so we just finished
you now and it went really great
we had moments where the not at laughing
you know it freezes stuff but I don't
know happy to it but yeah it went great
though we can be back another two three
days later to entertain you guys or
whenever I'm home rest up so look
forward to that
alright guys end of the vlog be sure to
get a thumbs up and go running hope you
guys are enjoying the last two charts
that we had up its the strip question
challenge and the true to truth and one
live challenge we had up so if you
didn't check it out check that one out
we have a lot more announcements coming
out to the a si Europe tour tickets are
gonna be out on March 29 and we have a
show in Birmingham on March 28th there's
a texting number that you guys should
know it I will put the testing one right
here where you can text to get tickets
so get tickets for that in Birmingham
and yeah till tomorrow let's rap peace
