hey guys welcome to ese surely rent and
today's topic is five pros and being
youtuber and five cons on being a
youtuber and today's topic is five pros
and being youtuber and five cons on
being a youtuber I have so my camera
batteries button died so I gotta make
this quickly go I'm gonna start off with
pros so number one on YouTube you could
record you can say whatever you want
without being controlled like you know
in television you gotta say a specific
thing about YouTube you can just record
whatever you want say whatever you want
to whatever you want as long as it's not
like something that will make you get
reported on YouTube other than that you
can do what everyone's a lot of freedom
number two you meet new cool people and
if you're doing videos with your friend
and you become closer with them like
with me and shake if it wasn't for
YouTube me chick would not be really
really close best friends so YouTube did
have an effect on us of us being closer
and and just making us one happy couple
number three being youtuber gives you
amazing memories you can always look
back at it look look back at it look
back at it look look back at it number
foul you can inspire people you know
make people smile and become known that
people were coming to and be like oh my
god aren't you that person on YouTube
like don't you do them videos we're like
you dress up as I can I like I like that
guy with the stuff on his head and you
belly dance outside I'm like it what's
up how's it going it's such an amazing
feeling seeing someone to get so happy
just cuz they saw you number five
YouTube opens doors for anything you
want to do let's say you want to sing
babe babe babe oh Justin Bieber was
youtuber before he became a really big
singer acting filmy you can start off on
youtube and hopefully chili take it to
the next level and become on movies or
TV show alright now it's time for cons
are you ready to be strong enough to
handle the cons for being a youtuber and
stuff that we go through for being
youtuber number one you can't please
everybody there's always going to be one
person who's just gonna hate on you so
much and just try to bring you down and
use whatever you say or do against you
but you have to be strong enough to just
ignore it and just continue on going
with your life and continue on with
whatever you want to do number two
is hard work dedication you've got to be
passionate on YouTube just it takes a
lot of hard work everything is easy for
us it really is it we do a sa daily
vlogs every day we see we do a CA daily
rants some days we miss it's just so
hard and then we have to focus on our
other channel and just it takes a lot of
work I'm telling especially with the
computer the crashes and just so much BS
happens and it is so annoying and
stressing number three it takes a lot of
time to be youtuber so that means less
time with their family and less time
with your friends which is just so sad
even less time of eating and being food
sometimes I'm like starving when I'm
editing sometimes I just want to finish
the video first then I'll be I cannot
just go and eat and then come back again
because if I do this I'm gonna stay out
of focus so it takes a lot of time out
of your life and that's why we started
doing the vlogs you know because we can
hang out and the car will be doing just
all the crazy stuff we do we decided
like right now film it and number four
there will be a lot of people judging
you on your videos I know there's some
people right now by watching this video
judging me I'm probably what I'm wearing
or how I'm talking or something like
that but be ready for that a lot of
people will judge you and don't judge
anyone until you meet them so number
five do not expect every youtuber to
help you out you know some youtubers
will actually try to bring you down and
just you know make themselves look
better so if you want any advice on
being a youtuber just work hard be
passionate and do something that you
love doing and yeah and if you guys want
to be youtubers anything like that leave
in the comments below let me know what
channels are I want to check it out or
tweet it to me
and yeah I'll hopefully check you guys
out give this video like if you enjoyed
it and go Turkey I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care and peace oh my god I need a
bra like what up guys so today we're
gonna be talking about the pros and cons
of being a youth I'm gonna put my pros
and cons together so you gotta
definitely figure out which one's a pro
in which of the con number one is haters
haters are like a big con of a youtuber
it's like we're near you to go when
you're a public figure you're gonna have
that hater you're gonna have that hate
group or hate troll that's gonna be
there to send negativity and send
negative comments and send criticism
like there's a lot of haters that
criticize every single thing you do and
that's the difficult part and that's the
part of being to where you have to go
through all that but as a youtuber as a
public figure you have to stay strong
through all that and move forward
without even thinking about it because
they're gonna come they comes with the
package you know so that is like the
biggest con of being youtuber another
thing about being you to really have to
have originality like a lot of stuff
nowadays are already done I gave you ten
me think of something that's already
done oh let me think of this done uh-uh
you can be like oh that's a good idea
done oh how about this done you know
there's a lot of stuff in the world that
has already been taken and we need you
to be you have to come up with something
original
you have to come up something different
you have to try to cover up all this
it's already taken think of something
new and that's very hard that's kind of
difficult because you know there's
always there's so many kinds of people
out there that's already done different
kinds of videos and you don't want to
copy them you know you're gonna have
your own idea and that's very difficult
another thing about youtuber is pleasing
fans pleasing everyone that watches all
the subscribers all the viewers all the
supporters yep please them you know and
in order to please them you have to do
mostly what they say and find out what
they want from you or find out what they
love or what they enjoy gonna find out
all these stuff and gather up all the
information and do those kind of videos
or do those kind of stuff that they want
know like if they say if say majority
fans they want pranks then you're gonna
end up doing pranks because you know at
the end of the day being youtuber you're
not a youtuber without the fans you know
you're nothing without the fans so you
know whatever the fans want you have to
do that as youtubers that's what we do
we do our best to grant anything that
you guys want like if you guys say you
have praise well then they're doing
prints you guys want skits but on the
biscuit and it's all on you guys and
that's what we believe as youtubers as
us we believe that you know what we do
is based on what you guys want and
lastly as a youtuber what I enjoy doing
personally is talking to a camera
knowing that there's gonna be thousands
of people watching this and I personally
enjoyed this because I feel like
sometimes my points come across
something I can make people laugh
sometime ik sometimes make people cry
sometimes you know I can send emotions
to a lot of people
and that I really enjoy doing and I
enjoyed sending out messages and
positive messages and entertaining
people I really enjoy doing that and as
a youtuber I'm blessed to be in that
position where I can you know do all
this for you guys and I'm blessed to
stand where I am today because it's be
honest during high school I never
expected I never thought that I'd ever
come this far I never thought that I'd
be inspiration to thousands of people
probably Millions I don't know but I've
never thought that I'd be in this
position so thank you guys so much for
the love support that you guys been
giving us and you know we want to come
back to you guys that's why we're doing
all this videos we do know this rants
blogs pranks skits we're doing all of
this just for you guys so we can
entertain you and we can give you what
you want and we can get what we want
which is happiness and support from you
guys so thank you guys so much for that
and these are some points of being
youtuber that I know how to explain a
lot but these are some of them but hope
you guys still enjoyed this PSA daily
rant tune in tomorrow for another daily
rant and another daily vlog so until
tomorrow that's a wrap
