hey guys what's up
this is Adam and today I'm gonna be
pranking Rima and Jimin for about I
think the third or fourth time
jemelle always tells me that he wants to
come to the UK with me or to any tour
with me to Paris and all around with me
and he's always jealous ARIMA because
she's been on tour with us and he wants
to go with us now so I'm gonna tell him
that he's not gonna go and Remes gonna
come with us and let's see how this goes
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey
I am here with the homie from London say
a name we know you man what's your name
what's your name look at the hair saving
you fresh no oh you guys have school
tomorrow yes you go back to school get
everyone get a Rhema getter you oh yeah
get it even get it hey hey natural ones
to get up in this what I gather says
thank you so much this looks amazing
when my favorite colors too and you know
why you interrupted me ah I command it
all you guys in one of our shows and you
guys holding that side looks really cool
okay killer I like that car we're gonna
be going on tour soon so if you guys
want to bring signs like that definitely
bring it and if you guys want to bring
bigger ones being big ones small ones
they can be small but we highly give
rehire you can we okay man we're going
to the UK soon in London and Birmingham
you can't come though yeah wait we're
going to London soon well you can't come
well only Mihrimah Kailah and Dione
Hamza
you serious obviously you can you can't
and then next time next time I sort of
mmm bring you an accent why I think it
was meet the other tour we're gonna go
to North Pole okay okay we didn't go
Antartica tour okay
Boise penguins wrong with you yo chill
chill boomers that come with me money
give me the girls and I come in sighs
okay sorry
oh you have that Haley about telling
violet week it's a break
it's a break about you okay it's a joke
you see it as a prank it's a prank it's
a break okay okay okay visa I got Excel
my pajamas can guys get up security
I should be the one crying joke you know
so serious
what are you doing is it what Allah oh
that's a peel box not coal bucks no
where you going
hey there right now
ahead of me I'm so long there honestly
ever since consuming traveled so much
and haven't been so you know to the
heart of our city yeah but now we don't
go no more because it's up so what is
the force this year they have a bunch of
snow me in here this is real
why isn't even real
20 you know how I set the Empire stable
he's always shitting on Outlook today
it's blue white and red the American
color the other day I was reading green
and where there's so much construction
oh yeah the cheese cause every time
series you need a comedian right yeah
he's a comedian like median oh oh really
yeah when you do this
there's always in the middle the street
baby and look how big these videos
so we're in the movie now we're gonna
watch lots of time here we're about to
watch Hot Tub Time Machine its secondly
came abiding watch for Christmas slim
apparently says it's really funny so
we're gonna find out how this is it was
still waiting for Adam he's still not
here
hey guys up trying out my beard up shake
a slim I'm gonna go to a movie theater
today took a little nap but I came too
early and yeah they gave me a mad at me
right now assembly right so I was like
you know you play the camera so we don't
be tight yes biggest sleep oh yes madam
I told her to get out bullets are used
to subdue it 7-3 will tell them 850 850
at 7:30 Arabia time nine o'clock so I'm
10 minutes early oh look who finally
showed up it's really more than her
about to watch the hot tub thing we're
not allowed to record you but you don't
you know Yolo alright so we just
finished moving like we are so you know
what younger that needs to I recommend
you guys are watching but this this
storyline is pretty good but economy per
gotta like overall the world's a nice
move
see you tomorrow I'm gonna when you spin
one away then you spin the other way you
didn't get this in I tell me bro if you
spin the ten times this way oh look we
have a bit of New York and so long so
this is the rest there's this is the
shoutout to sin yeah whatsapp in New
York City
you guys visiting yeah yes we like it
you like it really they're after me it's
too cold I live in New York
Corner is here so we got some halau guys
have a head of so long their hot sauce
is SuperDuper hot so I feel like
literally just for drop the white sauce
is amazing you guys ever come to New
York make sure you come to how loud guys
they have this moto it's called we are
different and what I feel so bad it's
like you know how arms are you know
they're always like rifles oh we are
very different now there's another
there's another spot it's called same
things for like ha guys but it's called
we are their original and when we pass
through it they would tell us like oh no
come with us come to us and the other
guys they don't come to us so they're
always like rifles I don't like that
thanks like that I dunno right here it
says we are the original and right here
it says we are different yeah you know I
have mothers and sisters we need to stop
competing
stop being rivals we just need to start
loving one you know
you know we needed nights together I'm
serious little jokes I'd I might look
like I'm joking but I'm seriously not
you know we need unite and be happy for
one another
laughs seriously I know I shake it up he
never takes me serious but that's
everybody
hi guys haven't the blog gives a thumbs
up and go granny hope you guys enjoyed
who was just have an announcements for
the Birmingham show on March 28th to
29th vs. let you guys know play he has a
Kamiya there's been a little delay but
it should be out for short today so be
sure to follow us on Twitter for that
update
and yeah that's right peace
