hey guys what's up welcome to a si daily
wrench and today's topic is the city
that we live in New York Souter we are
gonna be saying five things that we do
not like about New York City and five
things that we do like about New York
City I'll start with the stuff that I
don't like about New York City so we can
end this video on a positive note number
one it is way too loud over here
sometimes we can't fill my side because
it's so loud Wow number two New York
City is pretty dirty there's literally
gum on the floor everywhere you go in
New York City there's dog poop almost in
every neighborhood some places smelled
really really bad and I just find that
really really gross
no but this the traffic here is just so
crazy you will never ever find parking
and it's always so crowded not just with
cars but also with people when you're
walking through the cities like you're
walking through a maze it's like this
welcome and if someone bumps into you
they blame you number fo the weather
during the wintertime it's just way too
cold number Cinco everything's pretty
expensive here okay okay I need to stop
hanging on New York City so I'm gonna
say the flat things that I love about
New York City number one I really love
the vibe most of the people were just
like from different places different
countries so it's a nice feeling and if
you do something really weird in New
York that's okay everybody else is weird
- I like how can just scream in York
City and be myself people will be like
Dee and I do it as cool man number two
the city is beautiful big buildings the
lights the neighborhoods there's so many
cool neighborhoods there's like an Arab
name but it's like a desi neighborhood
there's a Chinese name there's the hood
if you go out at night in New York City
it'll still feel like it's daytime
because everybody else is still outside
there's still so much light it looks
like it's daytime and everything is
still open number three the food the
best pizza ever that you will ever taste
is in New York City they got the bestest
ever pizza so if you do come soon Eric
City make sure you taste a pizza number
four even though the trains can stink
sometimes the trains are a really good
transportation to use and it's really
good entertainment you know if you go
with your friends to a train it's really
really fun and if you go alone it's
still really choked because you just
have your alone time number five I know
New York City's so crazy but Central
Park is a really chill spot it's a
really romantic spot - I love it there I
just hang out you could just
you know see squirrels listens to the
trees listen to nature and just have fun
and just a nice spot to bring family you
have picnics it's a really nice and
chill spot
I love such a park and it's so huge
literally he's like takes up almost half
of New York City and it's an amazing
spot to go to if you do go to New York
City don't forget to go to Central Park
yeah guys that's pretty much it now it's
your turn leaving the comments below
what city you're from tell me five
things you don't like about your city
and tell me five things that you love
about your city because maybe we'll be
coming to your city soon and I want to
see what city is good to go to and what
city you guys are from so leave that to
comments below if you did enjoy this a a
daily rant make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey make sure you
guys subscribe to this channel we are
almost at 300 thousand subscribers on
this channel so if you guys have it make
sure you guys subscribe we upload almost
every single day in this channel so if
you want to stay updated on this channel
subscribe or almost at 300,000
subscribers thank you guys so much for
all the support I love you guys take
care and peace like what up guys welcome
to another AS a daily rants today we're
gonna be talking about five things we
hate and five things we love about New
York City and I'm gonna start off with
five things I love so let's begin the
first thing I love about New York is the
lifestyle and how busy people are like
we're walking the streets again see
people running and you guys see people
like going fast and people see walking
fast and some people even walk fast and
me growing up in New York I feel like I
was raised in a way where like like I'm
always busy I want to walk out home and
do this like when I go outside and I see
me walking but in other states in other
places I see a lot of you like they take
their time when they walk you know they
were walking slow cuz you know they have
nothing better to do or whatever but in
there everything is like in a rush like
everyone's going their own way and
that's one thing I love about New York
another thing I love about New York is
that there's always something to do if
you wake up at like four o'clock in the
morning you can head to the city you'll
always find something to do you're like
you won't be bored you're gonna go to
the city you'll find something to do
here you'll find something to do there
you'll find something to eat here like
you know there's always something to do
the third thing I love about New York is
a skyscraper like if you go on top of
say the vampire State Building and you
see like the skies over the buildings
you're gonna be amazed of how beautiful
they are and you take a picture from the
plane or something you're gonna be like
wow it's like somebody's like the
building is so tall and they're so
created with nice lighting like that PI
stabili it would change causes like
every other day like one day we read in
green the other day will be like blue
wine ye and the other day I'll be like
purple and green you know every single
day there's like a different color and
it's such an amazing view the fourth
thing I like about New York is the
diversity in New York like there's
always a different kind of people in the
Train like if you take the train you can
find like you can find like an African
and like and a European and and an Asian
and you know like all these different
kinds of people sitting next to each
other all these different kinds of like
races all together there and the last
thing I love about New York is the parks
in New York and one fact about me is
that I love nature like I love the view
of nature I feel like that's you know
it's beautiful and New York has like the
best parts like they're so big and so
beautiful and this will colorful and you
know that's that's probably the one of
the best things about New York now it's
time for the five things I hate about
New York number one there's many places
in New York City that are very dirty
for example the train stations the train
stations are very very dirty it's like
when you walk this I guess it's like
just say when you're standing the tray
station that the train comes that smell
of piss you're gonna smell it when the
wind blows the smell you're gonna smell
the piss smell the second thing I hate
about New York is the weather when it's
winter and when it's cold it's freezing
cold
it's literally like you can't feel your
fingers at times that's how close wreck
right now I just came from outside and I
and it took me a good one hour to like
warm up my hands and my fingers because
it was freezing cold and it's so
difficult to walk in the street and it's
so difficult to like move around because
of how cold it is a lot of people don't
even go out that's how freezing it is
but that's another thing I hate about
New York the third thing I hate about
New York is that New York is so over
populated and most of us population are
at least a good 25% of the population is
tourists to me now there's nothing wrong
with tours but think about the tourists
and the egg is like they're always in
the same spot they're always in Times
Square like New York is such a big place
but the tourists are mostly attractive
to Times Square so when you go to Times
Square you're gonna have to push and
there's that it's like it gets hectic
when you go there it's like
always crowded the fourth thing I hate
about New York is a traffic the traffic
here is insane
it takes you literally a good 15 20
minutes to cross one block that's how
crazy of traffic Curie's sometimes TV
takes longer and last but not least the
last thing I hate about New York is how
loud it is in New York it's like very
loud one of the reasons because of
construction is always a new
construction everywhere like one day can
see it's quiet and the next thing you
can see something growing over think I
see them starting construction and stuff
and I don't get get so crazy sometimes
and then you have some people who's
blasting music on their on their cars or
their boombox or whatever they have
blasting music you know there's like so
many people talking as they're walking
by they talk so loud oh my god how was
he doing well my day was good how was
your day and they had like huge
conversation and you know nigga is
always loud it's busy and loud but under
New York it's such an amazing place like
it's fun to live here it's fun to like
like I've traveled into many various
places of the world and at the end of
day New York is always gonna be my
favorite because I just love the
lifestyle here I just love how people
are raised here and even though it's
true that there's a lot of people that
you know the very rude here but New York
the lifestyle here and how busy and the
life here is just amazing it's perfect
for education is perfect for growing up
and you know it's it's somewhere while
I'm I would not leave you know like I
could go in you around the world but I
always come back to New York and yeah
hope you guys enjoyed this video gives
video a thumbs up and go granny until
tomorrow
comment below your story of New York or
wherever you're from and let us know
about what you think about where you're
from and yeah that's a wrap
peace
