guys so right now I'm heading to the
city I know I'm kind of late I'm still
meet up earlier but I have to upload the
ran for some reason it says 1045 minutes
but I fixed it now so it's like it was
like a job that from one 1000 45 minutes
to like my guys looking at me like I'm
so weird but yeah it dropped down from
1045 minutes to about 10 minutes so I
just uploaded it and now out into the
city and let's see what today is this
door for us I mean well let's see what
today has a sore us together us our
celebrity and it's for anything anywhere
again here in the deep blue sea it's so
freezing cannot take you to know where
this weather and we're doing these
little pit stops to get warm and just
leaving are we just going to store
pretend to buy something we don't you
just go out
and they're gonna be telling here
forever rollin I use my beats for like
your most guys didn't want to talk to me
something like that's my stuff
that's my stuff you must see those in
deeper I gonna have seen rent a plumber
right so he came in our way had you
locked up you from your love yeah it was
a lot oh all right so today I don't
feels Matt brave so I'm gonna give him a
dare I don't feel brave to I dare you to
wax your armpit hair cuz you know it's
not curly it's annoying so food eater
um and Eva she whacks it off no more
curly armpit hair it's gonna be gone
we're gonna get wax right now from here
yo what's up what's up
say hi Shiva she's gonna give us wax and
yeah are you gonna do for me are you
gonna dance it for you yeah I don't want
to hurt you you're not gonna hurt me do
you know how to do it I never did it mom
you could just track that I don't trust
these two kids well I'm gonna do I'm
gonna do it doing I got I don't trust
you guys doing so I got doing I was good
oh yeah that's how there's destructions
in yet yeah guys don't read anything I
hurt shut-ins you look you know then
chefs doesn't a fool oh I'm jet typical
guys
oh she sent us guys yummy they got jokes
I hear that who is look at the camera
and fill out the camera know that
whatever happened I'm now responsible
for it go he is cold good I look oh my
gosh I'm nervous she do as fast as you
can right
Oh how's that button oh yeah oh yeah
sorry laughs kids oh oh oh all right I
don't put on this this way yeah yes
Huzoor hurts man oh you know you gotta
pull it pull it
oh no no no Google Shay come on Chico Oh
manly shape this is almost a fad this is
so weird mmm hello loud over the way oh
sure you gonna go I love you wanna fight
you Jahannam out there no no no way
shake shake hello oh my god help you uh
goes fast to get oh yeah yeah oh yeah
this one was good
so you got the top I didn't get the
butter man Oh Oh being the pain Oh
Brenda more yummy of them so what do you
think I'm from Puerto Rico no I told you
say something she doesn't believe that
I'm Arabic and I'm from Yemen we're
doing to say I don't know Oh auntie
checklist Geneva put that out shaped
like if you say I'm shaped like
something no you look beautiful
auntie sheckler's Jamila say something
on the nose that's so easy
um have a conversation with pin-high
really speak it well as soon give a hug
hello enemies I'm excited so everything
adjusted
yeah I know he said what is it be also
doing in the greenery hey are you love
it too what's funny no reason ha ha
in fact up is everything before so I did
Adam to do two waxes arm / here and he
finally completed it how does it feel Oh
who's it this here the pain it's the
most
Oh whole thing ever I didn't do it
finishing it's the most painful thing
ever I don't have girls worry then your
thing is because yeah thick here the
girls don't have to care they act in
here now and sluice I use accident
shaving sorry I could grow a bit up this
is a hurts and if you're doing it out of
people's ear we're right now we're
taking a break with some Chinese food
we have want to talk what is it walk the
talk yeah no no walk to walk my back
whatever it is I don't how does it feel
as yarmilla better or not
I got to eat like this
so how's your day going right now with
Ami's Tina Oh
Muhsin who keeps better and get mad
what's up what's up ah you little brat
when will you ever stop and stay still
huh huh already finger Deena do you know
how to talk I need to Adam tell what's
safe she listened to her tuck it's all
her to say I love they love say love no
wonder what
I love color I love color well you
better go I miss you huh
you have school today no no why I never
you never have school why because is he
doing school vacation I have vacation
right now where vacation to to the
Bahamas or Hawaii to where to London
while underlay can be late
did you like it why do you like one that
he never been this wanna go there with
me so sweet huh I'll take you that
promise all right
why when you got out of five you never
want to say I love Adam huh huh say I
love little chica he did oh good day
babies are sweet over fever Dina look
why should I say loves you touch the
cheeks didn't say I love why are you
touching the cheeks
Oh God
Shin Yool idiot idiot go we do together
did you tear this ghost out oh
man like leo
did you want this one do I want that
no I don't want that why what you like
music
see you dad I'll make yo me to go I'll
make you a nice easy hmm - doom doom
wait I like it what the dead okay can
you sing a song right now I'm uploading
SS red suspended from school hope you
guys give that video a thumbs up and go
granny and be sure to share it everyone
it's basically a few stories that me and
Adam said about our school life what do
you say Leah Holly oh do me darling COO
shunda say an army act up ya gotta good
I'm drinking a tea hi guys it's time to
the vlog we should give your thumbs up
and go variety thank you so much for
watching hope you guys enjoyed be sure
to share comment do all the good stuff
and have a great day that's a wrap
peace
member
