what up guys so today I'm going to be
giving you guys some short school
stories that I had or that experience
and yeah his begin number one there was
one time I remember that you know back
in my time there was a lot of games like
those guys left and right so I was like
you know I'm trying to fit in I thought
I was cool enough so I'm like I had two
friends I had two good friends that time
and I told on like yo let's create a
game and yeah yeah yeah man what should
we call it
I'm like yo since Ruben Ali's let's call
it I don't know why I named this I'm
like let's call the bng Polish national
gangsters and you know they're to be
honest I was like that time I was like
cool like I was amongst these three
among me and my friend I was the cool
one so they used to like look at me as a
present or something so this would be
like yeah that's a good name yo I'm like
yeah yeah yeah and then so since that
day me and these two kids we would tag
up everywhere we write everywhere be and
gbng
and me I pray I call myself I'm like do
I need a name - and I get and I'm like
you're call me uh BG big all gangster
and after they leave see when they're
about to call me like yo shake I'm like
yo common vanilla gangster and after
that date these two it always kind of
been a gangster friend everyone yo but
now the gangster come over here and I
had that need for a while and I made my
game screen if you hadn't or even one of
the old social networks to like text and
everything and my screen name was Denali
gangster 93 and that's where I got the
name
from number two I don't know why did
this but there was this one time that a
girl told me like she was go back home
and she would go back mama so she saw me
and she saw me at all and she said shake
I'm gonna miss you and I don't know why
those three words affected me so much
that I went home when I stopped crying
and I told everybody he's like your wife
right like your she's gonna miss me yet
he said even asking me and then he's
like broke rank is the crackers of that
I'm like yeah man do the first time a
girl ever says he's gonna miss me and
he's like you're stopping a punk man
girl and I'm I just wept in my tears and
eggs got her but the fact that I cried
over I miss you
was such a dumb thing and I regretted
something I wiggled out I really try to
the girl so she missing that's how much
a loner island story number three this
is my last story that would be telling
me today but this is probably the most
embarrassing story and I haven't told a
lot of people today I haven't told
anyone and I'm about to tell you guys
first is the most embarrassing thing
that happened to me so wish me luck
so basically during seventh grade I was
in math class and the period is about
one hour right now see I was about 45
minutes and the period is started and we
had math test effect and the teacher she
was very strict so she doesn't like any
ways about it
so I'm halfway through the math test
I quickly guess anything I have to do in
 I have to do number two the other
one I'm kidding so I lived number two
and I I quit the earth dances and it
gives all my bonus I have this bathroom
and she's that girl you can't go now you
have to wait till the last ten minutes
of class I'm not letting into an hour
now so like come on I have these bad
words emergency but she let me go so I
held it in until the last 10 min time I
go can I go I don't actually gonna go so
I went halfway to the bathroom
we get in my pants I know hard to set
that bike yeah I couldn't hold it till I
go to bathroom I had to like dig while
unemployment and that's probably the
most embarrassing thing when I went to
the bathroom like damn she's not
pointing out billion so I just I'm
washed I'm a wish dinner and I just took
it out I slipped my bucks well I went to
the sink in the bathroom I washed in
there and then I came back to the dean's
office the data's like like student
aging disappea so I went to his office
I'm like oh you have an extra plastic
bag I couldn't go after a room with like
a wet box or to look out like oh do you
have a bag is it yet like did you do
accident like thank you
the Yankees fella no but then he
gave me a bag I held it in and then um
another funny part that happened to that
story is when we left because the
student came into class to borrow yes
thank God so then after that when she
drifted a bus and the bus pack every day
every day after school the buses booze
pack so I went on the bus and then I can
like I had the bag in my hand and you
know idea watches popping and then I can
hear people in the background
yo what's that smell smells like
throw-up Yahoo two of y'all do know do a
Patrol and then I was over there to stay
because I know it's for me I not smell
for me I understand the awkwardly like
oh please buzz hurry up so I can get to
my home so then I got up and Camilla and
they went okay but hope you guys enjoyed
my stories if you guys have any stories
come below let us know messages DMS
tweet us let us know your stories we'll
try to read as much as we can and last
on topic that you want us to do for
tomorrow and that's a wrap
peace hey guys what's up and welcome to
a SJ daily ranks and today we're gonna
be talking about our troubles and stuff
in school basically if you guys do not
know I got suspended so many times in
high school about 34 times most of them
are just really silly silly stuff some
of them were just really dumb please do
not judge me on what I did in my past
because most of all these because of
peer pressure or cuz I I just wasn't
thinking
first one kid wrote on my homework so
then I wrote in his face number two I
drew my teacher on a desk like really
huge and I drew like smoking a cigar and
yeah
I got in trouble for graffiti or
vandalizing and stuff like that number
three I glued my teachers slippers onto
the floor I really do not know why I did
that but it's a prank it but I write a
lot but doing that was so much fun
because the teachers reaction was so
hilarious she put her feet into the
slippers and she tried to get up she was
like if she couldn't move moves over for
I put my hand in my pants fixing my
wedgie and teachers like what are you
doing I'm like I have a wedgie she's
like oh my god did you just say you have
a wet dream should've never got
suspended for that one I was innocent
five hiding under my teacher's desk and
then she came and sat down and I saw her
underwear really old teacher and yeah
this was basically like a prank gone
wrong gone really wrong because I was
just stuck there and she was just
sitting down in the desk where I'm just
there's liquor like oh my god my eyes I
needed some Zemzem water that day six
turning off a teacher's computer no one
is allowed to even touch the teachers
computer but I turned it off because
yeah I was just turning everybody in the
classes computer off so I like why not
tell the computer the teacher's computer
off seven telling my teacher what color
is your pussycat I told you guys that
start already so you guys should know
eight I one of my old friends peer
pressured me to doing this with him but
we turned all the desk and chairs upside
down so when we came into the class
everything was just like upside down
number nine I had a really bad habit of
boxing in public I would always bring my
boxing gloves and just fight in public I
was boxing in public inside the school
with another student and I was like a
whole crowd watching number turn you
don't believe I got suspended for this I
got suspended for coming to school while
being suspended I came to school to see
my friends and they suspended me because
it said you're not allowed to be in the
school while being suspended so we're
gonna suspend you again and I was like
so I'm double suspended and no one in
the school ever got double suspend so I
guess I guess I got lucky number eleven
so I took a post-it
I wrote you know the song t-paint song
I'm in love with a stripper
I wrote I'm in love with this trip
around a post-it that little sticky note
and I put it on my teachers back I was
like hey what's up and I put on the back
and then he was doing the whole class
and the whole lesson with the I'm in
love with the strip around his back and
yeah he pulled it off like dirty miss
later he found out the whole class
laughing then someone ended up telling
on me
not me and I got in trouble for that and
it was worth it though
number 12 I pressed the fire alarm and
the camera caught me in the school
number 13 I used a fire extinguisher and
the camera also caught me with that tube
number 14 this is probably the only
suspension that I actually deserved
I put laxatives into teachers coffee
because he didn't let me use the
bathroom
so I was like you know what I'm gonna
come back tomorrow I'm gonna let you use
your bathroom
number 15 so in one of my classes we had
a hole in the wall and people were
putting their hand through and whichever
person put the handle out always like
I'll pull it so students will pull the
handle or not pull it and all of a
sudden the teacher in the other class
she pulled their hand through I don't
know why she put an through and then I
pulled it so hard and then I saw a ring
and I'm like oh my god that's a girl
then the teacher came she's like who
pulled my hand and I was like that and
once you saw that face she knows me
number 16
I was panting so many people and then
one person I pants them and their whole
pants and boxers went down and they were
completely like completely naked when I
was painted passing up and other times I
got suspended or probably for skipping
class or just having fights because I
had a lot a lot of probably like 10 to
15 fights that I've got suspended from
and skipping classes probably like a
couple but the funny thing is when I was
getting suspended I will still get like
really good grades I still graduated
early I'll spend it I'll still get my
work done yeah that's pretty much it
well it's kind of stupid of me getting
spent so many times but at the same time
I do not regret it because I learned
from what I did and they're kind of like
funny memories but yeah guys don't try
that say go to school don't do what I
did be great and that's pretty much it
I'll see you guys soon take care pics
you guys gives rent thumbs up and go
turkey I love you guys do me gang too
may si take care and pitch now you
member
