hey guys I'm Adam and I'm Shay and we
are true story a si and this is the best
friend challenge Europe Oh with the
questions that you guys gave us on
twitter the hashtag ask Adam and Sheikh
and this is how we're gonna do it
it's going to be kind of like a contest
different from our first best friend
challenge we're gonna have questions
that you guys asked us about each other
we're gonna write down the answers
secretly without nobody seeing and then
we're going to pull it up at the same
time and see if you're right so we're
gonna see if we actually know each other
yep see who knows more about the other
we have two special guests who's gonna
be the host of this challenge starting
off we have slim ha ha ha and we have
another special guest who is also going
to be hosting this challenge
his name is curry much we'll live from
all we say not nice how y'all doing out
I'll do it
we got the whole squad over your squad
pick your squad pig come on squad
pick hello and welcome to the best
friend challenge a battle between two
best friends to see who knows each other
the best so pretty much all my ass these
fellows a couple questions about each
other and whoever answers it right yeah
it's a point simple as that
with question number one what is your
biggest fear other than dogs who's been
you know both you guys are scared of
dogs so what's your biggest fear guys
write it down no weight on your back no
no come on you know I'm right when you
ride on my pants I'm right anybody oh my
god so what's your biggest fear other
than dogs shake the dark let's see what
we got the dark I'm gonna point so not
assess its Adam what's your big spill
dozen dogs I'm scared like I Gossage in
like that
something no way Oh grazie have these
fellas know each other pretty well
so they bully at one point what is your
favorite food dude it come on okay I'm
ready I'm ready I'm ready
so I was whoo food my favorite food is
pizza what I got that 200
go on roaring oh so that's good
everybody knows Shakespeare food bro so
it's obvious
Bharani yeah yeah this is like an easy
point way beyond your eyes Willebrand
underwear are you wearing right now
no let's go
I don't want man Adam already essent
American Eagle on doors all right sure
what he got damn I got hey you got Hanes
on how about Shay what do you want yeah
all right I'm reckoning you give me my
key Eagle yeah Papa bangali bumbled Sen
do it
Papa marketing yes American Eagle but
we're the same way to see more Door
County same underwear say on to us and
we got I just kind of tell Mahalo so how
many questions you guys had I know you
guys have to be accurate so whoever gets
the number closest will good point so go
check out like a gazillion manases
Ayanna I'm not dating shake how much
more she tried
I had five like they don't count the
celebrity score are you gonna have fun
aha
I put a thousand four hundred fifty to
crush down roll hey get it boy that
munchies how you add a thousand pad
about like I'm be honest I had about
like 2030 crushes i won told I got five
yeah 5 so I want host chasing League was
three to two and that's all for my time
as we want to our next host cream its
water taking part o the best friend
challenge it is favorite place that you
traveled so far alright you have five
more seconds four three okay done
alright so who wants to go first ladies
first ladies same time I don't go first
alright so Adams gonna go first
Hey okay my favorite place is Dubai that
I want to have traveled so far I love to
bei Dubai a would you say or a London I
New Zealand what do you love London
that's what I do I do but I like do
biologic semi London is one of my
favourite ways but device yes
come on slam slam we've talked so far we
have shake he said London for adamant he
got it wrong now we're gonna hear what
he has to say for Adam I mean okay my
favorite is London just stay there I do
it cuz he always off it in it there be I
got I barely Travis's man like she felt
like she it's looking good so far
it's a tie between Adam and shake what
is the first place you've ever met
shake say Adam's place that you've met
him first
first forever um Medina school that's
from the fridge Mary yeah my new school
it was actually come on man in Wadena
school in the lobby oh he's being
specifically he's being saluted it
wasn't Lobby wait so he got it right I
got all right sir both got it right all
right that counts because it's general
even though it is general I will count
this is a really funny question
where are you ticklish you forgot the
question
it's where are you most ticklish at now
I know the question and you just you
look like you forgot that's why we're
gonna find out shakes so Adam please
start I'm ticklish in my armpits ah yep
only my armpits and some of my like legs
and knees
that's pretty much it if I got it wrong
I said he's not taking anyway I'm not
ticklish I'm not tickling I remember
tickling he's like yo dude stop like he
do you feel anything my damn probably
serious and my one is my feet
Oh oppas stomach now I'm nothing I'm
sorry you see what you don't look yes
you are go alright ladies and gentlemen
it is a tie right now and this is the
last question that we're asking them
ok ladies and gentlemen it's time to
find out the answers and to see if these
guys got it right
shake we're gonna go first with you I
look at the mirror about eight times a
day
well that's a lot cuz I do I said 1000
stone all right Adam how many times do
you look in the mirror I look three
times in the morning in the afternoon
and I like every time so that's the real
time so you schedule the time Loomer no
no okay okay three times you know it
sounds like me right now but I wrote the
number five do ro5 difference is ours
and how oh he didn't get it but it is
close within three points
mine is two and his mind is two so you
know that music that means they both get
the point
no that may be their time I swear
sometimes you gotta I'm no no
well I better but I'm what of it I know
I know I know you wanna I know we're and
the rest I don't more about shake that
shake knows about himself well I know
more about you than your mom knows about
you know I know more about you than
anyone every right to get a restaurant
and I can order the whole many that you
want no are you thinking go anywhere
solo wait I know what you Betsy enough
guys your message yeah yesterday you
know more guys wrong
if you like guys guys guys guys just a
little booger good job guys
that was a tie it's actually very cool
that you guys are you know you can
United our best friend use an ice cream
no I'm better but I'm I'm better it's a
nice time come on but you guys got not
again please not again okay we're not
good all right we went through a renege
yes we're gonna have to do a tiebreaker
and I think this tiebreaker is going to
be a dance you guys ready for a dance
yes okay good I go so you want said on
Twitter it's set for us to impress n8
the how you call it the G go together
then it's like that little kid and from
my base next time guys empty so is it
sorry now after you see our dances you
vote down below who won the best overall
not today overall so I know you man I
know you wouldn't even really know much
I know everything like
telling me holding in apartment
everybody look below it I know your high
blood pressure I know your heart I know
I know I know
rocket alright now you like to
everything let's go I get time you're
letting nobody blood cells you have no
I'm a nurse yes you know yeah I know
everything I'm sweaty wrong I'm not news
any qualms Johnny just battle it out
with a dance all right okay how are you
doing
Jigga Jigga Jigga hi guys it's time to
wrap up this challenge hope you guys
enjoyed give this video a thumbs up
thumbs up go turkey burger on a I wonder
who wins man yeah Bob who do you guys
think my team we all know everyone knows
here that one better best friend always
telling me who's a better vessel cream
look you Amy you're we look you both are
good best friend I know me shake it out
all the best for all four of us are
bestest of bestest friends if you guys
want to check out creams new videos
gonna have a new video on this major
mistake the link is down below not this
Thursday yup what's gonna be called
Muslim blind trust except so if you guys
makes you shine it up just blind check
it out and watch skin be SuperDuper
crazy MD trust me tell ya something's
gonna have a new video soon on his
channel to me I'm filled with these guys
envelopes will be fine yeah should be
fun so yeah stay tuned we have a new 3mh
video coming out soon yeah take care
took a little break
yup yours no word I love you Scott
by travelpod member
