they put us in the best room in all of
quoits as a massage spot here what is
the opportunity and hopeful having an
amazing it because I'm having an amazing
day so I think it amazing that you all
should be having an amazing happy day I
really do not know why I'm always in the
bathroom vlogging I don't know I feel
like the bathroom has dope lighting and
stuff in the living room but stuff is
like bad lighting stuff that I want to
see you guys I want you guys to see me
but yes I do we get I told you guys
yesterday bandanna Adam is back but the
crazy thing is this is not my bandanna
this is actually Yusef shake a booty to
his banana you left that in my room so
am i yeah I stole it from him you said I
got her new tweet of man let him know
that I stole he's been there cuz I don't
think he noticed
you're sending the screenshot right here
it do be getting as you guys know I want
to surprise a girl for her birthday
party in quoits so right now I'm gonna
be narrating the vlog for you guys and
then in the end of the vlog I'm gonna
speak and talk about you guys and I just
wanna apologize right now I'm sorry for
the vlogs lately that haven't been like
big a crazy or ratchet it's really hard
my life your time zones are messed up in
the Middle East
sometimes I'm waking up at night and
it's so hard when you always take in
flight so you have to speak to some
people for meetings and stuff and then
you have to go somewhere to surprise
people I mean you gotta edit and
everything like that but a new beginning
I think it's time I need an editor yes I
added every single day but I feel like
if I have an editor it'll make my life
so much easier imagine three to four
hours a day every day having that time
to make new material for you guys new
blogs new music new stuff new movies new
everything you do me again Tom :
everyone now Harvard knows how to edit
hit me up man I need some dope dope
editors or if you guys know any others
let me know man I'll pay you guys man we
have to zoom in yang let me narrate the
blog so I've got to her birthday party
and I see the homie Daffy
Daffy is a famous middle-eastern rapper
/ singer he's really big in the Middle
East he made a song called salut say
this was an guys
welcome third time a few times you have
been a few times but I seen you man let
you see you like your music is amazing
but keep my appreciate you gotta do
something I'm a chopper he's my GI judo
do for Queen no man have you guys see
right oh man got you
guys we're going to the birthday party
right now um are you ready nice it's do
it and then after that I showed up to
the birthday party happy birthday lean
her birthday was Sol Sol epic man it was
insane it was like a concert just for
her and her friends so this was it
warning I'm not a lot of screaming's in
there so am I
no I have a workout every single day I
wanna give you huge shout-outs a beam
beam happy birthday seriously you're so
precious
is there a deer there's a like I mean I
was thinking this turn I'll be ready
PJ I drop the next song is doing
so I got that performing and I birthday
party then after that the cake came out
of the cake was huge it was taller than
me oh my god
was done a huge hallux everyone so then
the birthday party was done huge had to
lean her whole family her friends
everyone that was there as so much fun
your energy I lovely know like amazing
loud energy because it makes me turn
amazing loud energy too eager of saying
so then after that they gave us the
biggest room in Queens the biggest hotel
room in Queens my only successful
billionaires being there and they gave
us that room that room was insane it was
right here guys we just got done with
the birthday party seriously lien and
everyone else that was there you guys
were amazing it was so much fun I can't
hear myself losing my voice anymore now
we're back here we're here for a few
hours and we'll go back to divide this
drinks in New York City but like the
place to hooked it up man
thank you guys for everything like look
they got us a whole freakin like this is
this is not even a sweet anymore this is
a pretty good I didn't know what to call
it there's more live rooms and stuff
like that it's a Sheraton it's like the
only Sheraton outside of America so I
was really dope America man make your
shower stay like this not trying to see
you guys out thank you so much man this
isn't quit you
you're also huge shots hamed man haven't
come true he's leaves brother man was
thank you
view my G we're gonna help you again
shade and hopefully you're a lot of fun
they put us in the best room in all of
wait there's a massage spot here
everything man look there's this here
there's look look how big this is man
this is crazy man this is insane
look this is what the hell quake that
I'm loving quick quick I love you guys
but oh my god this is the TV's here I
wish I could live here like there's
another room oh I know overreacting like
so many hotel spots that I said but this
one I'm not even over react and this one
is like it's another level this is
another level look I can keep walking
and you guys will keep seeing like boom
boom boom beautiful Michelle oh so good
especially this view right there do me
Aang I'm back and now I'm in Dubai in a
few hours I am heading to New York City
and when I get to New York City I'm
gonna have such a long flight so by the
time I get there I'm gonna have to
upload another vlog so I'm probably
gonna do like a talking video or like a
reacting video or something like that
let me know the comments below what kind
of reaction video what kind of talking
video you're going to do for tomorrow
and after that when I'm back home
regular vlogs are back doom again once
again I apologize I know how you guys
feel but still do me a I want just to
know how I feel too especially when the
time zones are like 12 hours especially
when you're in the Middle East and you
can't act to ratchet outside but yes a
new beginning if you guys do not know I
told slim to call out one of the side
man the one I think his name was like
right to show I don't know I mentioned
it on my videos a few months back he's
the one who took a picture of me
pretending you was like a fan and
everything and he tried to dis me out on
Twitter and so slid of course but on me
but for now I'm not gonna say nothing
I'm not gonna mention anything about the
boxing whatever until anyone else says
anything and until it's confirmed for
now I'm gonna be chillin I'm gonna be
heading back to New York City I'm gonna
be going back home chillin with the
family so do me getting everything hope
you guys enjoy his black even though it
was like not ratchet not the same old
crazy atom life but still do me I can't
do
everything I mean yes I blow up every
single day like daily videos but I can't
do that every single day if I do it
every single day I'm probably not even
human then but yeah sue me it makes you
guys drop a thumbs up and smash that
like button do not forget to subscribe
and stay updated my videos every single
day I'll see you guys tomorrow do be
getting take care and peace LA violate a
fake Church just got home from Lebanon
my passport got so full I had to get
another one back my life on the runway
PJ's out of PJ had not chosen
