I'm confronting you was it you or low
hey guys what's up you do me yank this
is Adam Sam now I'm here once together
Hamza Hilah and for this house this is
my last day here that I'm heading to the
new Adams family house today I have a
dope crazy video for you guys and I need
you guys to listen and pay attention
because I think I found the person who
put the letter inside the secret room so
if you guys do not know a few days ago
me and Rima we went inside the secret
room don't be scared with me scared oh
yeah no let me scare and there was this
really creepy letter inside it was so
creepy to the point where I'm a dreamer
crying I'm not gonna lie it got me
really really scared I literally called
up and texted every single member of the
Addams Family and right now today I
think I found out who it is and the
reason why I find out who it is because
this person this Addams family member
was acting very very fishy it is full
the new Addams family member she's
coming home from school right now once
she comes I'm gonna confront her and I'm
gonna expose and I'm like look be honest
with me did you put the letter inside
the secret room but before I confer and
do me young make sure you guys subscribe
because I upload every single day upload
crazy ratchet videos every single day
for you guys also if you're watching
this right now make sure you give it a
thumbs up man if you're watching thumbs
up but do me a thumbs-up and now let's
wait till she comes back from school and
I'm gonna confront her I'll see you guys
in the next shot okay do me gang so full
that hasn't came back from school and I
noticed a lot of you guys love to throw
back pictures of me in this house I have
so many throwback pictures of myself and
a full hood I need to tell you guys more
information about her especially her as
a kid Fuller has always been a kid who
never ever smiles I'm not even joking
she's like Kanye West back in the day
when she was younger when she smiled it
was a miracle so i'ma show you guys some
exclusive exclusive throwback pictures
of me and fuller once again it do me
please do not laugh at me because I've
seen you guys tweeted me the pictures
and laughing at me oh and I'm still
going on a follow DM and reply spree I'm
on Twitter so make sure you guys follow
me on Twitter and like or reach me any
of one of my tweets but for now let me
show you guys the exclusive throwbacks
okay so this was on full display man
look never smiling man I'm right next to
her with freaking cake on my face times
ass cake on his face and she is not
smiling at all alright guys so this is
me and fuller in June 25th 2008 she was
finally smiling because she was
graduating I believe kindergarten on
this picture so cute man I miss Mike
earlier all right guys look
silva and hamza on top of their roof
look how evil for the look man look look
at her face man I'm telling you guys man
I think it is her this is another
picture oh my god but it was forced to
smile because she never used to smile
imagine back in the days I stood do
vlogs and I would vlog them as like Rima
and Watson but now they're the older
version and reelin must endure a younger
version this is another picture of mean
for the what the heck oh I don't like a
freakin rabbit oh my god I look hot oh
my god guys this was my birthday I just
turned 13 or 14 years old that is hailer
to my right that is fuller tomorrow also
on that is Hamza to my left yo I think
this is the cutest picture ever a full
inhaler look at that man oh my god
hi guys that was some throwback pictures
if you guys enjoyed it make sure you
give it a thumbs up if you guys want
some throwback videos of me and the
family let me know and I will upload it
it's kind of really really embarrassing
have a lot more embarrassing videos that
have never shown so if you guys want
them thumbs up at do me game but I do me
game I just text it foolish he is coming
in around 10 minutes so I'll see you
guys in the next shot do me getting
fuller is here she just got back from
school
let's go up and go girls I feel like
hens are right now this is what he does
whenever I'm not gonna do it who is it
who's me father
okay still what's up how you doing don't
go with you I got some questions hey
before you go and take a step back take
a step back take a step back she said
that I have some questions for you yeah
I got some questions for you and it's
like real real deep questions so it's
gonna be a while so stay here okay okay
but first the first question is you just
got back from school yes school how was
it your first day at school you know
like on Friday you were never shown in
vlogs and today is Monday well you guys
are watching this Tuesday and you went
to school as you know as the person
who's finally showing the vlogs so how
did I'm really curious to know how did
everyone react do you think a lot of
people like oh my god you're finally
vlogs I was waiting for this blah happy
yeah they were like so excited hey
living is anyone any haters enough no
that's good hater stay away haters stay
away okay
next question you ready for the drumroll
boom so as you know I think a week or
two ago me and Rima we went inside the
secret room and there was a letter and
my prediction because you did not say
what Allah asked every single ad of
staff member and everyone said well
Allah and for this she did not say wala
so today I've confronted you was it you
or no it took you this long wait come on
now
so as you yes what how did you do it oh
my god
what I feel like Oh must be for you
you might just got caught up in inside
no you freaking me bad how big the got
you though I can't lie you are an evil
evil person
oh this is why I called Megan from Drake
and Josh she's like the girl who pulls
the craziest you're my English you
didn't speak with me like it I was
waiting and waiting and then oh I'm so
we're like so bad and you're like why do
you think it's me oh my god and I knew
was there because after she was being
like she was treated to the subject when
I was like say wallah say well that she
was like oh no it was not me I swear I'm
like say wallah like I don't understand
like the Middle Eastern culture or like
the Muslim culture you have to say what
luck I mean people can still lie and say
what love but I don't think that's even
cool to do that but with our family when
they say wallah it's like legit it's
like legit but how do you put like what
what what do you like what how do you do
it
because seriously this is like the
biggest prank that's ever happened see
how could you do it says well it was
when you were taking shower I was really
bored and I wanted to see how the secret
room looked so I went upstairs no it's
dark and I was like hmm that you just
came to my head and I knew you were
gonna think of all
I think I loved it there you take really
long showers by the way so I was waiting
oh my god what exposed physics no that's
not your life usually I step on prank
ball and stuff but that was I give you
props Walla that was really really good
really you got me really good to the
point where I was like yo this like who
is it I don't even I don't even know
what to say but um ah yes to do me yeah
I knew it was her I had the good for her
but I'm gonna get you back really really
bad times and I hey little house that
was why did why did you get confused if
I'm the cute one
oh I just want to say a public apology
to both of you guys I'm so so sorry for
blaming you guys for the prank it was
full but I'm sorry
I know but like I know but like I'm
sorry I'm sorry guys I'm sorry seriously
guys I apologize to both you guys for
believing you guys I just I just had no
clue who was I have to ask literally
everyone to have to investigate I'm so
sorry guys I'm uh yeah I'll see you guys
in the next shot do me do me gang I'm
outside right now I'm heading to
Brooklyn there's this area in Brooklyn
where has so many Christmas lights in
front of their houses I don't know what
it really is but I heard his crazy dope
so I decided to go vlog it also do me
again yesterday I was around the city
and something crazy happened today I was
just there yesterday some crazy psycho
try to do a bomb there and it seriously
sickens me and disgust me so much
because these people try to hurt people
innocent people so to everyone out there
in New York City please stay safe
there's a lot of crazy cycle people to
stay safe
oh my god it's chaos I him what the heck
didn't the street and was he's crazy
guys I just met up with the homies with
coffee some and slim he was good how you
guys doing children yeah where we going
today what's it called tiger eyes seikar
what is their Christmas lights so what
cause he showed me that bullying video
man and sister yeah it made me cry I
found this thing where he said one thing
where he said I'm like back in the days
when they were in high school I was in
high school you've seen people get
bullied and something the worst part is
like you're one of those kids that's not
getting bullied and if you're witnessing
it you need to be that person to stand
up for him you know exactly yeah what
Cosmo 2040 2040 all right guys we just
got to the first house so this is what
they do they have competitions with like
these lights in the house and this is
the first one that I see how hard it
gets better and better so do me gang
look at the details look at the crazy
lights there is here Wow look man they
have they went in because this is a new
house man oh my god
where is the most lights the house of
the best light look at this house yo
this crazy they're gonna show me your
song enough let me listen come on please
let me get a bigger preview I'll listen
to your preview today a bigger preview
please man I can't Lumpy's sir I can't
please a car guy man yo guys look at
this one oh my god
yo hovers in the crib come through man
say what up yo man your crib is late so
everyone here is allowed to like walk
around a little visit the people's
houses look at this one Wow it even
smells so good man this is call my god
just to know everything yo it snowball
fight
oh those locals don't look at this one
man this is crazy what the hell is your
deal guys can see it 1 2 3 ha wow wow
this is crazy is this your house no I
was gonna say can you invite me in for
like dinner or something no no no I
rejected oh man yo it's daddy
I swear give it a hug it's dabbing it's
give it a hug no it's not
look see that with that come on Wow look
at this then it goes out Wow oMG look at
this man how's it going oh this won't be
all of them this would be this is like
community I like this this is good I
like that I'm not as good no let him
know it's good community mayor's serving
children for the need boom thank you
thank you appreciate it we got a dude
that house is crazy wrong wow this is
another one the cow goes it goes from
here all the way to the this is crazy
guys that one got a merry-go-round look
it's spinning
yo I'm seriously so glad I came here man
look at this the trees are lit I just
love everything that shines man look at
this house is live army right there yo
do me again get it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoyed this
bike for dead make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so much for your love and
support I will see you guys tomorrow at
the new Adams family house take care and
peace I love chillin in it shapes where
the Gotti shoulda came willing gives you
yeah my baby makes in Yemen aid place
I'll meet you there I'll treat playing
like a nuva
if that makes
