hey guys what's up
this is Adam and welcome to AAS a dually
wrench
today's topic is siblings just louder
you enjoyed yesterday's a say daily
rants about story time about my parents
I'm gonna be seeing story times about my
siblings I don't want to say too many
stories because I have a lot of stories
that I only say like on tour and stuff
like that and I don't want to say it on
video then if I say it again on tour is
gonna be like really weird and stuff
like that so I'm saving the funniest
stories to do on skip on a tour or say
it on tour but I still have a lot of
funny stories I can tell you guys now so
I'll tell you guys a couple funny
stories about my siblings if you guys
don't know I have two brothers and three
sisters my three sisters are all older
than me married and gone so we don't
have that much memories I have one older
brother who's one year older than me and
I have one younger brother who's 10
months and a half younger than me
don't ask questions no questions no
questions so I said this is Slim's video
but I'm also gonna say here just in case
you guys didn't know what the story was
so my older brother is one year older
than me in the fourth grade he got left
back and mean him we're in the same
class which was so awkward because my
older brother is in the same class and
the same grade as me so the teacher told
my older brother to get up and go solve
a division problem on the board and my
brother is like okay he gets up tries to
go solve us about five minutes passed
and he still hasn't solved it so then
the teacher was like I don't get up and
go help your brother solve the problem
so I'm like okay let me get up and help
my brother cuz you know he is my brother
and I want to help him out so I get up
and my brother gives me this look and
he's like no go sit down go sit down and
I'm like oh okay I'm gonna sit down okay
then the teacher says it again Adam I
said get up now and go help your brother
I get up again brother goes crazy on me
again system right now Adam go solve the
problem what did I tell you Adam I told
you go sit down
let me older brother who you listen to
the teacher or your older brother Adam
go now I'm stuck in the middle of this
whole situation I'm like I don't know
how to listen to my older brother my
family or the teachers like this going
up and they're like uh
the teacher continues to tell me to get
up and go help my brother so I was
trying to get up again and my brother
was like well I didn't forget
throw book on your home and beat you up
in your home watch watch I got so scared
I'm like oh my god he's like a bully but
this bully I lived with him
the teacher tells me again to get up and
go help my brother out I'm gonna get in
trouble so I finally get up and go help
my brother out my brother stays quiet
just giving me that death stare I help
him solve the problem teacher was like
good job Adam that's how you do it maybe
you can learn from your little brother
Adam it's like the teacher was
instigating a fight between me my
brothers because after school once I got
home I got the biggest beatdown not from
my dad not from my mom for my older
brother because of the teacher I love my
older brother death but he is just crazy
since I told you guys the story about my
older brother let me tell you guys a
story about my younger brother you guys
have seen my younger brother and a lot
of vlogs probably kicking me out of his
room this was back in 2011 I had issues
with my little brother's bestest friend
the person that he sees every day the
person that he would hang out with every
day and my little brother didn't like
that because you know I'm his brother
and that's his best friend so it would
get kind of awkward and I felt like my
little brother's best friend he would
always talk crap about me a lot of
people always tell me that he always
talked crap by me how he's better than
me or something like that and I never
like you know I never liked people like
that I would say they're better than
this person or better than that person
because I feel like we're all equal
we're all human were all born the same
way so we should all be the same way
nobody should ever be better than
anybody and back then you know the bad
boy Adam and stuff like this would
happen it would go down so while my
little brother was sleeping in his room
I took his phone and I called his best
friend I was like yo instead of talking
crap behind my back how about you come
say it to my face
he's being a real punk about us all told
him if you want you can come in front of
my house and fight me I'll meet you
front of my house in ten minutes so I go
outside and my older brother comes with
me because he was my partner in crime
it's always sitting down waiting on our
sidekicks updating our status on AIM
saying about the beat my little
brother's best friend up thirty minutes
later I finally see my little brother's
best friend walking with two guys all
the way down the block they were coming
towards us first thing I do is just get
up and walk towards him I just bought my
shirt down like this boom boom non-stop
swinging and we started squaring up when
I kill what's up come on let's go I'm
not trying to brag or anything but I
gave him three punches and he was
already knocked out and then all of a
sudden he gets up and tries to bite me
in my leg while he was trying to bite me
in my leg I squeezed his head between my
legs like I squeezed it really hard it
looked really wrong in a way and I could
feel him trying to bite me back he feel
his tongue on my leg like then I had him
in the leg lock like this and I put my
hands up if my legs were just doing
all the work I started screaming out
loud to my little brother's window
because he was sleeping come see your
best friend now come see your best
friend now yeah what's up and then all I
see and my little brother's window is
him waking up like huh oh my god
why my little brother was looking out
the window his best friend's friend
jumped in and hit me and then my older
brother jumped in and hit him and then
his other friend jumps and hits my
brother so it was like a three versus
two so my little brother is a really big
guy like he works out he bench presses a
lot he's about 220 pounds he knows how
to benchpress like 300 something pounds
mashallah so he's really bulky and he's
like he give you my security guard like
he came out the house with the mouthwash
walking towards just like this so I was
so worried and scared because I saw my
little brother walking towards us but I
didn't know whose side he's gonna take
was he gonna take his brother side or
was gonna take his best friend's side he
kept walking more with the more I'll
check this and I got even more worried
because he was going towards us so I'm
like oh please don't tell me he's gonna
hit his own brothers for his best friend
please don't somebody's gonna do that my
little brother comes in with the mawashi
he started hitting the two friends of
his best friend so hard with the men
watch like Bing Bing Bing was so shocked
just staring out little brother having
our back so I decided to beat up his
best friend a little more his two other
friends ran away and left him because
they saw that my watch is powerful and
then his best friend started pushing my
little brother and Kirstin amount of
stuff like that guys I am not kidding
mother brother grabs his best friend
like this he picked him up high mid-air
I swear it was like ten feet off the
ground and he choke slammed him he
watches way too much wrestling me my
older brother was just looking like oh
my gosh what if he just chokes him and
then my little brother thinks he's in a
wrestling match like this the memoy
she's like laying down on the floor
don't mess with my family and then
somebody was skimming from the window so
me my two brothers we look at the window
were like who is that
all three of us run to go inside the
house and I'm like thinking likewise my
mom only scream in my name she all these
screams mommy mouth I like I'm not I'm
not the only one part of this I got two
brothers part of the soup I was busted
up and bloody my shirt was ripped we all
go in the house and then I got another
beat down by my mom yeah I was screaming
for my life like plum I bleed it already
mommy I'm bleeding
if you want to do stupid stuff don't
break it brothers with you okay I'm like
no mommy they agreed to come out with me
so I ended up going to the hospital
because of my little brother's best
friends friends they hit me get sticky
and I needed to get staples on my head
and while I was in the hospital doctor
gave me a laptop so I can just watch
videos and just chill and I go on
YouTube and I see on the front page of
YouTube this song called what makes you
beautiful I click on and I watch it and
I started listening to him like oh this
is my Jim you and secure don't know what
for what that whole crazy day that was
the first time I've ever knew about one
direction that's what makes you
beautiful I haven't let everything was
fine I went home I went to sleep and
everything was great I'm so sorry that
was such a long story I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did and if you guys
want more stories give this video a
thumbs up because it would let me know
if you guys did enjoy the story and I'll
give you guys many more stories anyways
I need to shut up now so I'll see you
guys tomorrow
take care I love you guys teammates say
do me gang hope you all have a beautiful
day peace what up guys welcome to
another ASC daily rant today we're gonna
be talking about siblings and I'm gonna
be talking about a few stuff I love and
dislike about siblings first off to be
honest I'm blessed to have siblings I
have three brothers three younger
brothers and one sister
and I'm very happy that I have siblings
because there's a lot of families out
there that don't have siblings and then
when I see them I feel really bad
because what do they do all day you know
they have nothing to do they're always
just chillin they're always I mean
they're not really they're home they're
with their parents and that's it that's
it like you know they have no one no
brothers and sisters to play with to
look up to they don't have known that
then we have their parent but with
siblings you have people who you can
look up to who you can share time with
when you can do stuff with whenever you
get bored again there's someone there
for you and I mean that
the power of siblings like yesterday
there was this girl that I met her like
a party she is the only girl in her
family or she's only child in her family
and she was like so unsocial is that
ignored and social but she was like so
she's that she would've talked to me
when I've everything bad friend I
started having a conversation with her
but the fact that she's alone she has my
brother sisters so she's like she has
this mindset where she can't really like
open up to people or talk to people and
I felt really bad because this person is
alone and stuff so you know I had a
whole conversation with her but it's
like I asked her if I'm like AHA's a day
good I'm so what's your favorite color
purple so what's going to this it was
all like one word question then and to
be honest I didn't complain or I didn't
say anything it's because you know it's
obviously cuz she had a half-brother
sisters she doesn't have anyone to be
social with she doesn't have anyone to
talk with then that's just her life and
I felt really bad but what can I do but
the downside about having siblings is
that they can be really really really
annoying sometimes like sometimes like
you probably want a quiet night like you
just want to sleep and in the morning
you hear them like yelling and going
crazy and just being insane but and the
days siblings are your brothers and
sisters and they're the same letters you
no matter where you go in life that will
always be your blood brother or your
blood sister but also in siblings
it depends on who's all in who's younger
sometimes like sometimes the older
people are the older brother sisters
they have more responsibilities but
alongside that they have more power over
the younger ones like the younger ones
have two lists an older one but the
older one has a lot more responsibility
to take care of these plus they have to
do more chores they have to do more work
they have more stuff upon them the
father always looks upon the older child
or the older son and looks at him like
he's the top one of the family so it
gives him more duty gives him more
working stuff so that's the bad and
downside of being the oldest child like
me I'm the oldest child of my family so
I have a lot of responsibility I have to
take care of three brothers sisters I
have to help pay the bill that has to do
so more stuff but to be honest I'm glad
I'm the oldest because I have a lot more
power over them and I get to do it I'm
having me younger I have to like oh can
I do this can I do that you know me
now that I'm old I could be like go do
that go pick that one up go through this
so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
little rant about siblings we can have
more rants tomorrow's another fresh new
topic so till then that's a wrap peace
