like this yeah like this
Hey
Oh
with you
Oh
hey you can see if we carry active yeah
well we all know those evil friends ooh
Penta
chickens Frisco oh okay generate your
head oh no for season again what do you
do every now a knight rises' you don't
wanna make a way to get our try I'm
ready
yeah
we
you change from
Oh
hi guys so hilar mashallah she takes
guitar lessons in school so she's going
to teach me some some stuff and she just
started so yeah now I'll teach you some
stuff too after that yeah do what you
talking about
alligator krysta Bronto a lot of songs
thank God no I know my sheer talk and
she taught me that it's good that's
funny you're gone notice things go
sass√° I go teach me dizzy
I don't know the holes all she knows is
just did it no I don't what I'm saying
you know what Zach all right Riley Hey
I'm gonna do a song you guys gotta guess
what it is right guys ready what is that
just dress what song is that good luck
and all tonight you know my hips don't I
guess oh I'm gonna teach Hilah how to do
some real music with this guitar ready
and at the microphone over here aka the
broom so honey now take me
that was the performance by me tired of
that I'm not how you do it you know what
I'm saying is you just gotta like gotta
go with the flow
yeah the high note man we're about to
choose the winners for the giveaway
before we announce the winners and
choose the winners we just want to say
thank you all for participating and
thanking everybody to participate the
commented and did everything try your
best but yeah random choosing winners
that I'm going to choose my Instagram
and will choose from my Instagram
Christmas big shout-out to everyone
that's been participating that Minda
spamming us with likes comments and
everything a 40-mile pick one winner so
to wear it is to to meditate on each
whoever it is good luck yeah and if you
don't want just I don't know miss y'all
be nice each other and don't don't be
matter to be sad like that because I
don't like seeing any of you guys
saddest up like that so and we're going
to many more contests in the future
Charlotte summer giveaway yeah alright
so I'm gonna go to this picture I gave
you guys to hit when I was in Miami this
picture has about 41,000 comments and I
get a random to choose the one that's
what i'ma do uncle let me go like this
I'm gonna keep loading the comments keep
going keep going like this
I'm gonna try to get at least 5,000
10,000 okay okay now my go ready coming
back all right what's going on we stop
whenever I'm looking at you go boom
this one runner got it hi boom ASA
congratulations to the Mesa you have won
I'm gonna follow you right now you just
want dinner with us and we're going to
be I'm going to be damning you and we're
going to send you a lot of stuff a lot
of presents from us and yeah thank you
so much while the support remains
congrats and yeah shake it's a lexer so
I went through my pictures and this one
has the most comments with 8,000 262
comment so going to the tap we went to
the tap dammit Allah five four three two
one
sodomize seventy five four three two one
imagine see prison hi Jake
Leona congratulations Leona
congratulations Leona you have one on my
side who's yours Lamesa
I will be I'll follow you right now look
I'll follow you I'm gonna DM your
students accepted and see you soon when
I hear their their memories of you
expect more gifts thank you guys so much
for participating contest and congrats
every term ASA and posing Leona
Leona and thank you guys for always
showing a lot of love we're gonna have
many more contests in the future so yeah
thank you guys for a little support see
you guys soon sera take care and peace
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this but
if you guys did enjoy this blog make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey and uh and snapchat almost with
you all got it on Instagram and Twitter
you guys gonna follow my Instagram with
snapchat snapchat the links are down
below check them out down below they
always like whenever like I'm traveling
stuff they always you know keep me
updated what's going on in New York City
and yeah it's really cold outside like
zero degrees for the people who don't
know what zero degrees that's like
negative that's like negative 20 degrees
Celsius suggested so don't think it's
zero degrees so yeah make sure you give
it a thumbs up you guys do like these
indoor dense and chilling vlogs and
stuff like that and then yes ah Pisa
how do you guys always get offended from
fat family I love you go Turkey oh damn
I'll see you guys soon
and look peeves after I see
by travelpod member
