hey feel notions oh my goodness
ah somebody call the police cuz he got a
gun up in you if you guys do not know
why we're flexing or something like that
is cuz we have this cool thing is called
flex belt that I don't flash a chasm and
your bring a big we're gonna try it on
to show you guys that is really cool
it's if you guys don't know what is
flexed belt just a belt where you flex
yeah it's not sighs bail bail okay no
I'm gonna tie the room it's a muscle
stimulator where like it tones your abs
and stuff like that so we decided we'll
try it mean shake we'll try it basically
shake had this and he gave it to me
about last week or week ago by a week
ago we gonna ah I've been using it it's
been working really really good I want
to show you guys and show shake shake me
stuff cuz I don't know how to do it so I
attempt to him like yo you know what try
it off phrasing let me know how it goes
but it's been working really good for me
and basically you can it's so easy to
use like power I'm sure guys you're
holders alright go
what I was it put on hold it
come on soon that's exactly it's cold it
feels good though
ready eight is so cool cuz it look so
easy you put it in there you can even
charge it and put it back there there's
like a pocket or you share the charger
that comes with this tool they even have
a pocket where you don't like you don't
have to hold it like this is gonna go
inside a pocket you guys right guys put
it like that you can do whatever use it
to work while using it and when you're
using it when you're using it even like
um you can do laundry wash dishes and
use it and it still tones your abs while
you're moving and welcome and usually
literally anything that you could use a
bathroom number two or anything and
shout out to my mom mom could use it mom
could be washing dishes and walk and it
be like a la like to see there and she
can be getting abs like that so mom I'll
give you one if you're watching this I
got you boo I got shake I'm doing it I
got chill out me I'm doing it and he's
scared in the beginning you gotta start
off slow and then whichever then you
keep going more and more so do like 20
minutes and then maybe the next day do
25 minutes or however much you can take
in the beginning I used to do about
easier these arrows
so what goes up 25 minutes now and it
goes I feel right now turning up my abs
or it's so good on this idea both it was
like it goes like this it tones it up it
goes like that you can actually get one
for 25% off the link is down below it's
for men or women anybody can use it and
it's really easy to use so I recommend
it to you guys so if you guys want to
get a flexible cuz you're off to Miami
to Miami tomorrow so we don't need it we
have that sexy beach body move with
today I'm just you know what he thinks
I'm a do a lot you gotta start off easy
so turn it on I'm serious will assume
the intensity level can go up to 150
right now we're starting with about 15
20 with for him I'm already going up to
like 40 50 so ya ready take your 20 like
you know if you feel like someone's
pushing your abs in like pushing it in
it's like Tony in fixing it so yeah it's
pretty much it
if you guys want one link is down below
if you guys want to get a flex belt 25%
off with the link EU is down below the
coupon code and yeah it's pretty much it
see you guys soon take care
shakers can use it right after me real I
can't hear me right now but I'm gonna
pull a prank on her I'm gonna take over
headphones and I'm gonna let Siri talk
and say her name like I love you Rema
ahead let's see how she goes is what she
says one serum what open it oh yeah okay
give me a second
how about the pranky right now she
doesn't even know but over those saying
shows talk to Siri for my phone and she
always wants it say her name so now I'm
gonna get it say her name let's see how
this goes a slim yeah so you guys can
say what's that yeah sit again first it
was that hello how are you hello how are
you
Rana Rana is me ice cream
hey I seen every nice cream yeah uh
you know that I said every nice cream
now every ice cream now you me to get
the phone ice cream yeah give you ice
cream yeah
now was almost be to dip right yeah I do
it somebody's gonna be doing the true
story a say news right want to be in a
video come to we're from my mom's from
Yemen that's 11 nice that's them in a
pack sir
guys we're rockin the sick stick a bit
this week really yeah yeah you got come
on Mia yes more also a smiley taxi guy
with the new Adam gal was almost beaten
to death by three random people in the
streets this was obvious in hate crime
this morning it's so homey Khalid parked
in a fire hydrant to come see us he
coulda got a ticket but this guy's crazy
man
alright so I'm driving right and there's
a lot of traffic and you know I'm
probably going like three four miles an
hour and I'm looking to my right and I
see you know I see his head and I was
like that's gotta be him and I see him
put his head up and I was like yep
that's him and I was like okay there's
no parking so I moved up a little and
everybody's honking at me and I have no
place to park and I see a hydrant I was
like you know what I'm just gonna park
here if I got a ticket I get a ticket if
I don't then now I would've paid you I
wouldn't have to take take it that's
fine it's just too nice enough to give
us a ride so thank you so much
everything it's so cold it's like this
was 19 but I know it feels like it's
zero degrees it's all I got
oh my god huge shout-out to his niece a
mirror mirror flashiness happy happy
happy as well and some up is a birthday
too yep
hard work oh it's crazy happy birthday
so far and Amira happy birthday shakes
havin Rhetta a birthday sing for them
happy birthday Allison ready set go
happy birthday to you cha-cha-cha happy
birthday to you cha-cha-cha happy
birthday dear boy why is Rita
happy birthday to you remember the nori
mix remix ain't oh happy birthday
a happy birthday so means a little
playing a game of pool
and your nada he set me up he sent me
updated
he came he was like you're I suck I suck
in poop but then he started playing and
he was killing he made like two I wants
I'm like what the heck is going on and
you can't be setting me up like that
honey
came here yep yeah he set me up I can't
be doing that huh how to see how this
goes come on
bro I didn't want my luck I was a pro
right okay first like I see seven gay
and here's accept defeat
just accept the right now front oh uh I
lost you didn't want us I just lost you
didn't win you don't know I lost like
it's a black boy winning but yeah you
shot at him and you chat out to Amira
and suffer the crazy thing is that they
came to our meeting greet in in London
different London they came to the Marble
Arch meeting greet and I don't think
they got to meet us so hopefully maybe
mmm mmm of I haven't met them so
normally oh really they get to meet us
properly next time next time we do come
to London so that's pretty cool and you
actually accept defeat right here um who
who had six balls left shake did that
was a fun game though a friendly games
hi guys it's time to wrap up this vlog
hope you all enjoy this vlog if you did
make sure how to get like a thumbs up
and go turkey out an amazing day today I
had a photo shoot a really really cold
photo shoot for a new clothing line is
called mercy to mankind and I'm so glad
to be part of I'll give you guys more
information on it but in about a week or
two it is going to come out in a week or
two and it is going to be a really sick
clothing line because I actually like
this clothing line looks really sick
this is one of the products although
it's a ski mask with like a like this
zipper leopard-print honest about the
inner warms you up really really good
and they had a really good sweater is
really good
joggers sweat even Kanye West has wore
one of their clothes so excited to be to
actually be like the main model for this
clothing line so I don't know it feels
really posed like one of my dreams come
true and and yeah I don't know like this
is just amazing from done see you guys
tomorrow with another a state daily vlog
take care or pigs
member
