what a batch today we'll be talking
about important topic and topping is
trust trust is a very important fact in
a lot of people's lives Trust is very
important in friendships and
relationships and personally what I
believe is that Trust takes time to
build but when you lose the trust you
lose it right away
you know this actually happened to me
one time so this is one presence you
talk to a lot we've been talking for
months and months and months about xc70
months and then you know as they went by
she started trusting me more and more
but then I'll admit this that after
eight months or after seven months they
came a point where I was caught lying
not limited I did lie at a point and I
felt like it was a small mod but wasn't
really small it was a big issue to her
and after after understanding if it was
a big issue to me - and you know she
would and after I got caught there's
nothing I could say I've been caught in
a lie
and what I feel heard about is this
person trusting me this person once told
me please don't ever lie to me I told a
straight up okay I won't lie to you but
you know she and she trusted me she's
like okay you won't lie to me but after
seven eight months I was caught in the
line and that's probably big thing that
I regret and you know I understand where
her pain is I understand why she's in
pain I understand why she feels down
about it why she didn't trust me more
because you don't trust it like a big
thing you know in life it's very
difficult to trust people and she gave
me that trust and for me to ruin it by
lying to her and doing stuff behind her
back with very wrong with me and I admit
it but it's gone hurry
it happened but the trust that I had
with him that's also gone and I ruined
myself by lying and I felt like if I
never made that liar if I never said
that like I would have still had a trust
but I did I was caught in a lie and I
lost the trust that was given to me
and it basically broke down the
relationship I'm not the person watching
the violin apologize for what I did
wrong I understand what I did wasn't the
best it wasn't clever but you know I
understand I got coffee and I I asked
that you know let's put that aside let's
continue I hate hurting people like I
just can't focus right knowing that I
hurt someone and I heard this person I
lost what this person is watching once
again I hope that person forgives me and
I hope that person understands where I'm
coming from I understand what I did
wasn't right it wasn't clever and I was
in a smart thing to do but I was caught
up in a moment at in the blind and I've
been caught and I understand that
there's the reason why the person that I
trust me more but everyone makes
mistakes unless is like a major major
problem and it's an issue and Trust is
like such a big thing it's like for
example with money if someone gives
someone else $100 I see like your kidney
holders for me that's a huge trust if
that person blows with money the person
waste the money on something else the
trust that that person gave them is all
gonna go away so basically what I'm
trying to say is you know someone gives
you trust don't take advantage of it
don't do anything behind the trusted
back don't don't play with the trust
basically this Trust is a big thing and
it's very difficult to give trust
nowadays and if you have trust and
you're a given trust don't ruin it
you know and I'm saying this from
experience and with my experience is
very horrible because you know if you
talk to someone for a long time if you
thought this much four seven eight
months obviously you're gonna build some
some relationship with that person that
you're gonna get closer to that person
and if you lose a trust after seven
eight months you know how bad that is
that's horrible that's like everything
else building up slow vessel it's all
gonna topple down after one trust is
broken and that's what I've been through
and that's what I went through and and a
lot of people probably went through the
same thing if you guys been do the same
thing right move close to the same thing
comment below and let me know how your
problem went and how you fixed it or if
it's fixed or not because mama is
currently not fixed but I completely
understand I understand where it's
coming from I understand I deserve it
and that's something I learned never to
do again which is break someone's trust
so hope you guys enjoyed this rant this
is pretty much a story and little advice
about trust convictions Trust is like a
very big thing and you know don't say it
vagine' basically I'm gonna end it here
I hope that person forgives me oh that
person is watching and I hope everyone
that's been through it learn their
lesson never to do it again and yeah
that's a wrap till tomorrow hey guys
what's up this is Adam and welcome to a
si daily rant today's topic is going to
be about trust so I decided I'm gonna
let you guys know if a person is
trustworthy best friend if your friend
wife husband or a person that you want
to marry is trustworthy and is the right
person for you I'm gonna tell you guys
five things Oh number one their
personality you have to observe this
person's personality you have to see if
this person cares about other people
more than himself and he is it or she is
it selfish so make sure their
personalities about you know helping
others you know giving others not just
all about them them them more about you
know other people his family his friends
you number the DOS see this person keeps
promises whatever he promises whatever
he or she tells you make sure that this
person always keeps their promises and
always does what they say if he or she
breaks a promise one time then I guess
that's okay but they keep breaking
promises then I don't think that
trustworthy you need someone always
keeps their promises it was always
strong because you right there
you're an amazing beautiful person and
you deserve the best of the best
thank you then you egg egg egg egg egg
baby Thank You number three honesty make
sure he or she whatever comes out their
mouth is all the truth and all honesty
being straight up to being real not
lying or anything like that because
lying is the biggest thing if you're not
if you're a liar then you're not
trustworthy but if it's a joke and if
it's a prank then it's okay well they
keep doing it just punch my mouth
okay mom mama
no I always I can show you guys your
face hello then I can hear you hello mom
thinks what if she says our camera will
automatically be into YouTube she
doesn't know that I have to edit and
stuff like that first before it is the
trust fall it's a really fun game this
is what you do you tell your partner or
your best friend whatever person that
you want to see the trustworthy like
this but you're gonna have to take a
risk go like this leave them on you and
you just fall like that boom and see if
they catch you if they catch you do it
three times they catch you and the
trustworthy no they can't see me like
this
the camera only shows from here I swear
it shows from here to here that's it
he thinks the camera shows my whole body
because I'm not wearing any pants
and number five aha got you asking for
their phone and tell them if you could
check their last texts and they give it
to you without anything like without
even talking or like here you go then
they're 100% trustworthy you got to do
it you know here and there something
like that but they struggle at it or
something like that they know something
is going on and that is it for today's
rant that was filming well my mom was
watching if you guys did enjoy this rant
give it a thumbs up and go turkey say
thumbs up I should put a thumbs up I see
you guys tomorrow take care and peace
love you
