and we going on it's it on our favorite
rocket ship okay hey guys I'm Adam and
I'm Sheikh and we are shoes story a si
AB slim problem application today we are
doing a challenge we just made it up and
it's called I don't ask a question
challenge question challenge I'd even
know we're gonna call it y'all the
question we have to talk to each other
and all three of us and then it has to
be a question asked to have like has to
make sense yeah you guys will get the
point once you I see is going and it
should be fun but we'll do some little
twist to it what kind of choice should
we do to it whoever messes up or doesn't
do a question or takes five seconds long
you have to take off one item off there
so this is a strip game this is a shrimp
game hey guys what's your names my name
is slim and which me wouldn't play
classy my name is Adam how old are you
I'm 20 years old hey where you from I'm
from boundless and you oh I'm from
heaven I live in New York
do you live here obviously couldn't
eleven you when you were born Brooklyn
to Ray huh I was born and raised in
Brooklyn New York and uh wait how much
mom's you know
protein shake deal with your family yeah
live with my father I think you live at
your family too right huh yeah that's
not a question not a I'm one of them
back if you got to be I should call you
don't mind shall I do it come on come on
I'll take a listen I start with the
question I was asking whatever you wanna
say right now go that's the question
hey when did you get a ponytail oh I got
about three years ago about your hair so
I'm gonna have to so long now and my
teachers they told me like are you gonna
change it oh it's not a question that is
like you guys go yeah yeah yeah yeah
so how long have you been wearing
glasses for you like great yes I do what
about you
I love like so uh where'd you get that
hat from hmm I got it from the sporting
event and they had the eun-suh would you
like them yeah I like them a lot do you
like my shirt huh yes a question what do
you say how to do like my show what a
developing a Yemeni house gap so you do
a little bit why I don't know enough to
turn I make sure any good have you ever
went to the eye doctors yeah I did go to
the eye doctor before and I saw her have
you ever word for glass she has 20/20 I
have 20/20 vision when I look at the
doctor I see like a then B and the
doctor asked me her instincts instincts
bro all right ma man we do feels how's
my five million dollars um to be honest
can you master at first three shirts on
any a short suit why can't humans fly
though why asking dumb questions huh
no we do it bro why do apples have a
stem coming out of it
what's the stem well I arms engines no
you guys count the Matt but all right so
I'm gonna go further I'm not took my
pants or anything also with an end right
there because to me glasses not guilty
without my glasses
what with my glass like jinkies
do you get shape-ups from the Maison
Barbara Barbara I guess shavers from a
Mexican barber actually you guys shave
us from the other guy that you were
talking about I'm Steve how do you get
your hair like that I don't remember how
told you um I'm not tall as you how
about you how tall are you
oh no that's not like stinky Adam Pete
no all jerks I swear my socks Alderson
sticks
you could put you in my mouth well I
find them ready come oh you have a chick
dancer sizes no I never took dance
terkoz's but I took singing classes you
should come join you wanna come join let
it come join you see these glasses I'll
never do that
what size bra do you wear I wear bras
actually this is this great is it look
great
oh that's light gray and this is dark
gray are you blind
it's not really I went to the eye doctor
by the time you have you every once in a
doctor didn't you have it I dived
Christian ready oh my god yes yours what
do you want how like this isn't it M
upside down yes is it an it's an M
upside down for Mom instance instance
if I what the hell wrong why do you have
so many clothes on it's cold outside
that's why it's hot it's at five toes
shake the noisy Cossacks and it shows
poor toes one is gonna be hot outside
when it's summertime it's summer in
about come once other size asked you ah
so slim how was your day
my name is Luke a you doing my videos
funny which video when we deal with the
challenge video or the dirty impressions
what yeah is that a beauty mark there
yes actually a birthmark well it's like
they call it a birthmark cuz I was born
with it like something I can't see it
can you see it been since oh oh what do
you know how to cook now I don't cook my
mom cooks me you don't want long isn't
it hey excuse me it's a pride little ass
yeah ever been on a prank show before
yeah I've been on a prank show before
but the thing is like why would you ask
a question like that
this is this a joke man you never had a
job before well I heard a lot of jokes
but like saying woman belong in the
kitchen just doesn't sound right don't
you think so
doing don't you think the tooth hurts
sure that does hurt but sometimes you
can't lie to people because if you do it
won't feel good you have to take truth
in the view nothing and you guys counted
wristbands right I'm a countess oh do
you think it's cause you marry my friend
it'll be me I mean why not you know
saying is there anything wrong with that
I mean there's nothing wrong with that
like the thing is like why would you
don't you want to get like your own
marriage I mean there is just cool it
hey do you see be just not you know I'm
gonna shave my chest by waxed my armpit
hair before have you ever wax your our
bread form no I shave it do you ever get
a haircut
you know I give up you
oh hi guys hope you guys enjoy this
video thumbs up thumbs up enjoy it from
these losers and if you wanna check out
Slim's channel we did a video on his
channel so make sure you go check it out
see you guys tomorrow take care and uh
picks pick
