hey guys what's up right now we just
left you to space got a couple challenge
videos done so if you guys wanna check
it out make sure you go check it out
it'll be out soon
spot it stumbled girl yeah that's you
guys I'm gonna move for some Turkish
food you want to get Turkish food
there's only something so plain pizza I
know I like pizza but I want to get some
Turkish food though all right so this is
thing going around all over Twitter and
it's really getting me so mad
there's this dress look to be honest I
see it as black and blue I feel like the
people that are just saying it's white
and gold or just saying it to get the
people to get the people were saying
that is black and blue really mad and
it's getting me mad cuz some people are
actually saying it's white and gold and
I am you said line of clothes today
though on Twitter that's the way to go
cuz I was just messing with them because
some people actually really think this
is white and gold look it's freaking
black and blue what color
what colors is just
- they
what page Facebook
brown and white black and blue unity
black and blue you know seems like a
boost
oh wow I'm bugging out yeah I think this
is real like who are not missing around
us I see black and blue so what you see
white and gray beige and brown it's so
confusing the guy literally said white
and beige white and goldish yeah yeah I
see patient white - are you serious yeah
noticeable it's black and blue don't
mess with the one I saw who's beige and
white not black it's black and mood
other words oh my god the whole world
knows about this
no it's goes black and blue you must you
crazy
what color do you see in this picture
you serious man you see golden what
color will in what Feldon white this is
very holy
this is golden wait you're joking right
this seriously see golden my black and
white I mean black and blue man where do
you see that right black right there
blue right there
excuse me can't say what what colors
vests what colors is just Jesse's vision
white
this is blue who is black you don't see
black and blue
you see white inmate yeah oh my god Oh
yo am I going crazy oh my god I'm okay
excuse me guys and you got some more cut
what colors is dressed it's waiting for
oh yeah where's the white the white is
right there has been all this up top
that's because I'm a nice white gold
where's the white I don't see no right
no this is white that's not white that's
no I don't see any blue or black oh my
god excuse me can you uh you know what
color is dress that's white and tan wait
you don't see blue all over
because what what color is it just
that's gold and white what gold-bug it
out what color goes or you say it's ten
right what's it's white there's some
creeks are white this is blue it's blue
color white
no no you never say you never seen it
just before I've seen it first painter
but have you never seen this dress have
you seen no no and it's white it's white
it's pretty cold white not shaumbra nice
blue in here excuse me
thank you so much uber there's some
Gaussian white and gold on my bum excuse
me can you say more color his dust
Oh Luke it wasn't white gold no it was
great
always been black oh yeah this is so
confusing
what colors is just color
bring in badge so I'm finding the studio
and right now Slim is doing is you know
on the phone and we were I don't finally
put up the rent right now so look for is
in a Komachi already out so look at Iran
it's about youtubers and the pros and
cons about being youtuber on that we're
gonna be filming a lot of videos that
you might do a skit we might do some
dares challenges to two truths and a lie
so those are all coming out so look
folks oh hi Rema Rema have a
question for you okay okay what color is
this dress
thank you so much blue and what what's
the other one hold it hold it
it's blue and what blue and what else oh
no not pink no what color is this
yeah thank you oh my god you guys thank
you so much people are telling me that
it's white and gold so what color is it
it's not why not gold I'm saying that to
a lot of people like oh my god it's
white and gold oh my god that's why I
don't go and I'm like no it's not thumbs
up if you think it's black and blue
leave a comment below if you really
think it's white and gold like let me
know I really want to know do you
seriously think it's white and gold like
I think people are just joking around
trying to mess with us
well guys so did you go what chicken eat
your awesome intro is the body versus
you like against I'm gonna be staying
home all day bun that the game is in
like five hours so I'm gonna be chilling
with something why did you stay home
even before you know cuz bond is playing
if I go out I'm gonna have to come home
like in the end this is a different
passion for looking at the results and
actually watch the game it's my head job
it is know if you don't fix it
idiotic on camera you know what I mean
I'm putting that in you know anyone do
you having to pick up lines wait get
back in your your leader you left
survival you did is go to shoot out
there not a kind of look yes seven
seconds seven six five four get back in
so don't do that
that's amazing job of compliment your
eyes oh thank you
my eyes are dry a little but like stuff
hey ready okay here we go
here we go you're gonna cut this part
out right no say what a look you're
nothing what look no you guys okay I'm
good
wow wow wow now I'm doing I'm doing I
don't want I don't want I need trip over
my parka I just fell for you oh oh oh
the corny pick-up line
mine's better even here my pickup line
hey girl can I get your number
sake wake you up you wring his hunk he's
no I swear oh my god those are my socks
they're my mom buys it for me I think
she give to me she did not give it to
you why would she give you pink and
green smalls I wonder that you like
located here no I'm on you're an idiot
how would you like if I just took your
socks Randall Nana's wore it like throw
out the whole day fight fight fight
fight fight fight fight Hey
anyways there's like an hour at that man
you know Louie was like 1 hour and 30
minutes before the game so we're gonna
watch a movie on Netflix cuz you know
it's it's that Netflix bed kind of mom
you know I mean you know I mean you got
yeah movie you're watching about me it's
called zapped you already watch is in
dire area it's not that good it is in
dire is in dire hey it's a good movie no
trust me it's not you're about to go out
Aaron Allen
we're watching you just came right now
so he doesn't know what the hell's gonna
watch him one closes app fades out
spring and I saw noise let me play em
racing and then he sends a bunch of
Modi's emojis annoyed for really
annoying I get that before what he did
was so he sang all these songs like
viola an amplifier and all these other
stuff and then he he I don't know how he
found out how to set it he started
sending it to everybody and by this time
once it got away he said to my email one
time yeah the guy who sucks at this next
time I'm gonna block you if you had the
phone with luck mom so basically this
movie is about how this girl she has she
has this guy she has an app which you
can control boys so yeah so I'm like
halfway through so I'm on alright guys
so it's time to wrap up this vlog hope
you all enjoyed this vlog if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey it feels like I haven't been to
the like for so long cuz shake has been
ending it so it's my time to ending it
so what's up how are doing thank you
guys so much
go Turkey on a thumbs up if you're still
watching this video till the end go
Turkey on it and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
subscribe because we're so close to
300,000 subscribers we should have
reached 300,000 subscribers probably
tomorrow or the day after tomorrow or
the day after that but one of those days
she'll love so thank you guys so much
for that I'll see you guys take care and
be happen good job say bye give them a
kiss
