hey guys I'm Adam and I'm Shay and we
are true story esa today we are gonna be
talking about depression so as you guys
all know depression is like a major
issue that goes on in the people's minds
like depression ruins a lot of people
they lose the self confidence self
motivation stuff everything you know
everything is ruined when they get
depressed and there's many reasons why
people are depressed and we're gonna be
explaining a situation that has
depression involved and you know some
some ways you can now fix it everyone
goes to the depression and for me one of
my biggest that depresses me a lot is
through all the pressure that goes
around like I have for my family my
parents they be forcing me to do stuff
like I come focus everything in college
but then I want to focus on youtube I'm
gonna focus on the future and then we
have friends that comes in and then we
have peer pressure and then we have
hateful comments like there's so many
stuff that's you know that blows up my
mind like I can't stay focus on one
thing and it ends up making me depressed
and I'm like you know what like I have
to stick on one it bothers me so much
that's basically a case where I'm always
like depressed and stuff
brings the situation like this basically
what what makes me depressed is just
thinking about thinking about the
negativity and just sometimes I'm
depressed but I don't know why I'm
depressed I'm just like why am I
depressed I'm just I'm in that mood but
then I realize you know there's nothing
to be depressed about there's nothing to
be you know sad about or just you know
quiet about but it just comes to me
naturally whatever I think always think
way too much makes me really depressed
where I came in eat I came in drink I
can't sleep or nothing like that but
then I started thinking about the
positive stuff I start thinking about
you know all the good stuff that's you
know that we have ham Dylan and and
everything good that that we have then I
start remembering you know I start
smiling and it makes me feel so much
better and I talked to you guys on
Twitter I talked to you guys on
Instagram Facebook and it just makes me
feel a lot better whenever we're not
feeling depressed or you guys truly do
make me smile so we got a little hope
make you guys smile and if you guys ever
feel depressed I think let us know you
know just some people they're really
depressed they say quiet and they just
they just don't don't say enough they're
just really quietly they don't want to
do it but just remember you know life is
too short and there's always
there's always stuff that that can make
you happy but you choose to think about
the negative thing to make you depress
so think about the positive things make
you happy so for me I feel like the best
cure are the best way to end depression
is you know my tongue to someone like
when I'm depressed honestly the first
panelist would come to it Adam
I always sex with her I'm like yo this
is happening what should I do and you
read the whole essay it takes me the
whole essay like then I have to apply a
whole bigger essay like all introduction
in body paragraph conclusion be that
when I'm when I'm depressed I want to
say every single little detail so he
understands every single point and you
know he's the first person I send to and
then you know I have like the other
friends and stuff and family the stuff
that I would also tell the depression
stories who and their feedback or their
comments that's related to my depression
story is what helps me motivate and
helps me like be stronger like whenever
say I message him and he tells me he's
like you're don't do this to be honest
that's not a right thing to do or focus
on this and then I'm like you know what
you're right and then I do that it
actually makes me it makes me strong
inside because sometimes it like you
can't sorry man I'm the cold so inside
of your life you can't always focus on
you know you mister sometimes in life
you can't always focus on yourself like
you you probably think that you always
right but you're not always right so
always take other people's opinion so
the best cure for depression is always
talk to feel about it don't hold it in
trust me when I say this if you hold it
in there's gonna be a lot more painful
but if you say to other people and you
open it up it's actually gonna help so
basically for this video we're talking
about our depression stories and yeah
for me it's just whenever I think
negative or think about something that
lets say we have I have like 100
comments and I see one hit comment it
kind of gets to me sometimes are over
thinking about is like is that true do
people think that's true so why does
that happen
well why did it just focus in the heap I
guess is just like your brain but you
need to start focusing on the positivity
you guys everybody needs one thing about
them it's just everybody's brain Leah
for this rate we're talking about our
depression tomorrows right we're gonna
talk about your depression so leave in
the comments below or send us a message
of a whole story about if you're ever
depressed anything and we're gonna make
a video on that so let us know we'll
stay tuned for tomorrow sorry this merit
is kind of short something like that but
we'll see you guys tomorrow
take care
hope you all have a blessed day and yeah
that's a wrap I love you guys so you got
some arm piece here where's your pants
sleep
