hey guys what's up to do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day do me yank tomorrow
is the official music video trailer of
my song the moto with Kenny and Brown
and then the official music video comes
out November 19th so make sure you guys
stay tuned the moto is one of my faves
because it means a lot to me and
explains a lot about my life story also
I know a lot of you guys have been
telling me to make videos explaining
what each song means to me so let me
know if you guys want me to do a video
explaining what all you can handle means
to me what waynetech means to me what
the Moto means to me what feel-good
means to me and maybe I'll do it and
start off slow because each song has a
big impact in my life but for now moto
trailer tomorrow chapter 2 adieu me gang
I want to give a huge thank you to every
single one of you guys who are literally
tweeting TVs radios and telling them
about your favorite song from chapter 2
because now all these TVs or radios are
playing my album and if you guys haven't
you still have time to tweet any radio
station any favorite radio station of
yours tweet them and tell them to play
any song that you like on chapter 2 and
make sure you guys tag me in it so I can
see you guys and retweet you guys do me
gig today is gonna mean so much to me so
I hope you guys watch every single
second of this video so a few you
watching if you skip the video then you
won't get the whole meaning of this
whole video so sit down relax get some
popcorn cuz I'm out seed vide on e rice
whatever you guys want eat relax and
watch the vlog I'm gonna head to hams
that Hilah scrim right now so I can
explain to you guys what's gonna go on
today let's just say this track is
coming today a surprise this track you
do me yeah but before I go to the next
shot I need to tell you guys to
subscribe because the people who watch
about videos every single day 40% of
them are not even subscribed so maybe
you guys have seen my vlogs from Twitter
every single day or you guys are just
typing my name every single day but if
you want you can subscribe and put your
notifications on and you guys will be
the first ones to know thank you I love
you I'll see you the next shop Adobe
gang I just got to Hamzah's house was
good you know they didn't give you
another
and this is what mean how does it have
to live with me we have so many girls
and our families and look there's a
whole table right now I'm looking at and
it's a bunch of makeup and I believe
it's a bunch of hud that beauty makeup
so heard the beauty my whole family
loves you so much man what on earth
Hamza how are you living like this she
knows that this is my even table she
wants me to eat but there's a hanger on
the floor oh no this so what the heck
you know so many colors there's so many
what the hell kind of brush is this huh
pull this pull it I dare ya veto an even
always wish what that was this
yo huge shout out to heard the beauty
for my whole family is using her the
beauty then I'm guessing what are you
doing magic I guess it's really really
good so your makeup is dope what are you
doing I'm totally powder you up okay do
me again Gary do you know I'm with the
homie Hamza right now Haley she is in
her room right in Dallas of crazy stuff
and getting ready to come here and roast
some peeps and it do me is being a bad
boy you can hear him stop I got this
device lag for money kick got a
representative I cuz you guys always
show so much love and Plus i'ma see you
guys in a few days for our Fashion Week
I already know I'm the ambassador for
Fashion Week so it's gonna be crazy it's
in city wok this time but the reason why
we're making this video right now is
because Hamza over here who's Hylas
older brother wants to do a big big dis
track I'm the boy who pulled Haley's her
job off today so let us know happens
that why do you want to do a diss track
on this boy all of a sudden you called
me up let me know and told me to come
and now I'm here why because you know
I'm a bully yeah but he had gavones
bully had a dish out
yeah this boy deserves a kill track
oh my god that was that was real words
from you yeah that's the first time in
the real words without eating food what
he said is if Germans bully which is the
girls who bullied you matcha Matt did a
diss track on them pilot help Jamal and
they did this track on that so he's
saying this boy pulled Haley's her job
off he deserves a kill track so this
right here is gonna be my kill try so
what if you would do me again I'm gonna
bring Highland and after that we're
gonna talk to her for a bit and Hamza is
gonna do his little mini diss track and
then I believe Hilah is coming in and
probably gonna take over and do her kill
track bomb yeah let's see what's up with
okay do me gang we're finally here with
Hamza and Haley what there's no saving
November no shaving November yeah so
what does I mean I'm not with shave
shave off my beard oh my armpits or what
everything everything what the hell I'm
not a hairy guy I barely even have hair
my chest but I'm having with something
huh I think you have a baby in your
stomach so Hina
do you agree with what hamza said pretty
much he said that since gym as bullies
they got you know a diss track and the
person that pulled your head off he
deserves a kill track yeah you good that
yes why because because why you'll see
why so you've been just like writing
down some stuff and you finally got some
bad yeah stop actually so much question
let's get to the stuff so as there's
question I need a hype this up we need
to build it yeah man do you guys like
cheeseburger oil on it or something or
not so before we get it started do you
want to give a message to the person who
pulled ahead job off as her brother as
hi his brother do you want to give a
message out so first of that photo head
it's a job and yet we used to be friends
but now you better be killed
gonna be oh my god what about your
Hannah do you have a message for the boy
who pulled her job off last message
before you guys distract or kill try
nothing you want is anything no you want
to be a Kanye West yeah okay I came to
know this my last message to this boy
right now is that it's all love we all
forgive you because a prophet you know
he taught us to forgive people so we
forgive you which is gonna give you this
little of my kill track so without
further ado I'm this this track kill
track will not be recorded it'll be set
within the video I believe Heil is one
will be occupy la no be no nothing no
recording just straight organic hens in
guys on the count of three say thumbs up
okay one two three thumbs up do me a
thumbs up for the homegirl Hilah enjoy
it and if you guys do enjoy it make sure
you guys share it because this has a big
big meaning to me I've already heard it
from Hilah so I'm let's do it
thumbs up subscribe if she comes with
God but not you you told her her job up
and you know it's true you trying to buy
man you're lucky she did it soon why
stop I'm not here to roast him I'm here
to teach him a lesson
my dad shows my modesty it sheds light
to the rest of me you see me and laugh
humorously swearing you feel bad for me
but what do you see when you look at me
do you see what the media told you to
see or do you see a weird human being
living the life where you don't need
your brain because the media is your
mind what they say to your eyes doesn't
need to be explained God give us brains
to use wisely and be smart not so we can
copy the media like we're brainless
clones
I just wish everyone could realize that
this is my path next time you call me
names the response I'll give you is
please take a step back because the path
you're on needs to be started over from
scratch and stared back to
path God dropped us all along where we
are all one and where racism would never
stand
guys this is not a diss track this is a
lesson I hope you guys enjoyed it thank
you
peace do me gag that was literally crazy
I want to give you huge shout out to
Hamza and Haley you guys seriously
killed it
Haley sir say thank you so much for like
representing you represent a lot of
people all the hijabis out there so high
let's say your last message that you
want to say if you want to say anything
so I just wanted this to be out there
because there's a lot of people who
suffer from getting dirty looks and
being bullied for wearing a head jab so
this should be a lesson and I just want
to top the issue around the world so be
strong that's good that's really good I
appreciate that sir see I'm proud of my
family man say they growing up man
they're growing up is it thumbs up for
Hans inhaler I love you guys and I'm
I'll see you guys definitely sooner you
already know I got to meet up my cousin
my cousin slim so oh my god it's so cold
I can't wait to vlog in the hot and the
hot water is giving beautiful we gonna
have some dope vlogs and goodbye we're
gonna have some crazy crazy vlogs I know
we're November 16 till November 19 City
walk our Fashion Week debacle is he's a
rapper how long you been watching plus
cologne for five years a long time
that's my favorite rapper
no way it's great that's great okay do
me yank I hope you all enjoyed this vlog
if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey I am officially
announcing the winners tomorrow and
tomorrow's vlog so if you guys want the
last chance of winning in this giveaway
the jacket giveaway make sure you guys
go comment on my post on instagram with
the billboard or go comment on waynetech
music video i'm choosing the winners
tomorrow also do me yelling I want you
guys to help me choose what kind of
hairstyle should I do for Arab Fashion
Week I'm thinking to change it up for
something crazy or maybe even make it
crazier and change up my beard I don't
know or maybe make it for the first time
ever don't change nothing and just go
like Adam and not weird Adam so you guys
let me know in the comments below and do
me gang other than that I hope you guys
enjoy blog Haley I love you so much how
does that love you so much
do me gang I love you guys so much thank
you guys for watching I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care I'll see you guys tomorrow for
the Moto trailer do me gang take care
peace hello you it's bad my life on a
runway PJs on a PJ head not towards a DJ
I've got baby I'll replay sack paper
like a briefcase I'm gonna make you face
your fear
