thank you thank you thank you thank you
out eggie eggie think hey hello guys
this is Adam sada
welcome to the Adam Russian your hair
solid show episode two finally twelve
months later we are back there have been
a lot of issues going on
Tunney liquid is now pregnant God knows
how she's still pregnant but she is 12
months pregnant Sarah is so mad she
wants to know if Adam ICSI actually went
to the club and now tiny Nika wants to
know who's the baby daddy
Adam Marcin inside is saying that he is
not the baby daddy but I invited them
back to the show to tell you guys what
is up so I hope you guys enjoyed make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey hello hi how are you doing I'm
good and you I'm doing good thank you
thank you I'm so happy to be back twelve
months later and just now Angela me and
Sarah we get married you know we're
engaged we're having some trouble issues
but hopefully you you can help us and
you know make us get married okay just
so Adam are singing a song do you have
anything to say to Sarah or to us I just
want to tell Sarah that you know I love
her so much and I'm so happy even even
without her you know she's she's she's
my baby I love her so much and you know
I'm just I'm very very happy and you
know like please empty
I cannot believe ants without me
thinking about you I don't believe it's
right anymore
baby oh my gosh it's so great seeing you
turn unique one out it's it's a pleasure
to be here
it's a project thank you it's a pleasure
to be here tt do you have any words to
tell the world okay first of all I don't
want to say that 2015 no you know me
like you know what I'm saying new year
new me second about you wanna say that I
started wearing a high job just my boy
Adam Austin yeah outside like I love him
so much I do anything for him i'ma be
honest I'm be truthful I got the hot job
from Sarah's closet like I went in the
house and no I got it from her closet
she has really good high jobs you know
Salaam aleikum walekum Salam how you
doing I'm good I'm good I are you and
you forget sorry
I don't give him cheeks yellow what's
the question
do you forgive Adam well I I don't even
know yet I just want to know right now
if he really went to the club I just
want to know that item and he needs to
get rid of his ex-wife because I'm his
right now he needs to just think about
me well I until I know then I would
forgive him I'm not gonna forget if we
did go to the club that it's okay
everybody make mistakes like you know I
need to know I need to know the truth I
need to know now
tiny Nikko do you know that you shaved
your head for no reason the woman who
wear hijab have hair under the hijab are
you serious
yes I am you gotta be kidding me I'm
serious so I shaved my hair for no
reason
for work coding work holding world alone
I'm proud of myself I'm proud because I
gave my heads charrid knew you knew me
you know what I'm saying like I know you
know me go to work go to work
oh did you know that tt has proof of you
in the club proof what proof afraid you
of me belly dancing in a boys club she
told me come come let's go we're gonna
go boys club I go in I see people doing
dancing like nae nae nae teaching me how
to dougie teach me how to dougie then I
came and I show them the real dancing I
started dancing I was like this then
everybody get mad you know they live but
he's okay this work I did I I don't know
she told me boys club so I go by boys
club I got a video of him in the club he
was belly dance in the door whatever you
know you just he broke the whole vibe
and everybody was you know doing the nae
nae like I was that twerking you know
knee over there charlie no belly dance
and stuff and but yeah I got a video of
him and that's proof of him in the club
just he need to be honest to his love
whatever Sara that's ruining all these
things
Tony Nika was pregnant she's claiming
that Adam is the baby daddy yeah me I
don't get her I don't know what she's
doing she's lying it's hard to light and
it's hard to go in someone's house and
steal the head job and what is she doing
that she's causing drama useless drama
for just for no reason I know you're
pregnant and I know I'm for sure that
Adam is not the dad because he wouldn't
do anything with you he wouldn't do that
how many months are you pregnant why you
asking stupid questions
you shouldn't have 12 months pregnant
you know my water broke eight times but
I broke it I put it back in and you know
I'm just I'm not gonna let the baby I'll
tell Adam Austin yeah sign admits that
he's the baby daddy he should know he's
the baby
oh hello oh my god I think my water
broke
hola ma oh no oh my god
you may be quiet baby I'm girl hum God
it happens like that he is good it's
good
this timing equals baby yours excuse me
are you crate
what kind of question is this it's not
mine it cannot be mine me and her we
never did anything woof I can I don't
even want to think about this Mina did
nothing she's due to ratchet for me III
can i I don't want to talk about I I'm
not gonna talk about it even on my high
driver I need represent that ratchet
ratchet squaw uh-huh what's the next
question come on Tommy bring it on let's
go let's go at it what is it you did not
sleep with Adam so how is he - daddy
okay okay how level up before you start
assuming stuff we did not sleep okay so
let me tell you the story because I
didn't want to sleep with him anyways I
want us to get officially married then I
want to sleep with him after that I want
to do it the hard way see I'm learning
this stuff I'm learning I'm learning a
lot you know so this is what I did I
sneaked into this house right after I
snuck into Sara's house and took a hot
job I sneaked into his house and I took
it on I know this kind of sound creepy
and it's you know it kind of sound like
you know stalker and shit stuff like
that but it's not like I took I took
some of his semen and I brought it back
to my house and you know like that's how
I made the baby you know that's like so
romantic like isn't that so beautiful a
beautiful thing you know new year new me
I just want to be an amazing romantic
woman for him and I want to show him
that I love him so much and I'd do
anything for him he should appreciate
what I did for him know who would ever
do that from who who would ever go for
sit to have a kid me it son yes I'm life
okay I just want to say Adam that you
you're Haram I don't know why he doing
videos like this that's so stupid
you're so dumb Aneesa Haram and
everybody was watching him you're Haram
- I don't even get it you're not even
Muslim Allah but Allah what is happening
man not even know why talking about me
you should focus on yourself you have
your face
and picture of Aaron a grande on his
shirt isn't that hard up my shut there's
nothing wrong to my shirt why don't you
want to publicize my side my sense huh
don't do videos like this so stupid you
make this stupid so her arm you just
leave you know what I'm gonna just
ignore you because you have no life I'm
sorry guys for the interruption enjoy
the show
how positive are you that Adam is the
father of your baby a 100 thousand
percent sure that the baby is his I'm so
damn sure that the baby is his
I'm just ha ha ha I feeling I and my
water is breaking freely huh oh my god
ha oh my god oh my god someone give me a
nice i'ma do c-section
anybody
I'm gonna oh my god you got a big he got
a big help
oh my god Oh see you son you're looking
for your good oh my god now show me I
don't know see yourself you lot and say
that this baby it's not yes son yeah
you're just an animal
you're an animal this is your son
congratulations and I hope you support
him and support me cuz I love you so
money
I love you breaking news tiny Nico just
gave birth and this is her baby doesn't
he look just like you he doesn't no no
no you don't look like me he's not mine
me he's not mine I'm not even gonna say
anything he is not my baby he does not
look nothing like me I think it's just a
quick you think you think you think it's
just not my baby okay so please do not
ask me this question I do not even want
to think about me having her baby me
being her baby daddy the only baby daddy
I'd be that's my happy Dussehra cuz I
love her so much so you better stand up
for yourself a child support and marry
me and leave your wife Sarah because we
are happy family now we're happy TT
thinks that you don't want to pay your
child support because you're very cheap
me I don't want to pay child support
she must not know me this you see this
in my head it costs way more than her
weave I get that Arab money we can air
this is the picture of tiny Nico's baby
oh you serious
the baby looks just like him I don't
must be lying to me he must be lying to
me the baby looks identical to him this
is crazy
I don't know and he needs to get checked
out he needs to get checked right now
elses that's it no more no more
engagement no matter asked no more
nothing that serious then happy Adam
really needs to go to get checked and
see this that's the Sun because if it is
then meet him or off if the baby's not
yours then whose baby is it happy but I
do not know whose baby is it it's not
mine maybe it's mother me wait maybe
it's another guys those and the boys
club with me he he was taking advantage
of Tanya niqua he was he was taking
advantage he took at home I don't know
what he did but I left the Maha Beauty
Sarah
Amina were talking but he left I don't
know what they were doing I don't want
to know and I don't care I don't want to
mention the baby please stop give me one
second let me put my baby on the floor
quickly give me one second it's okay
stop crying what is wrong with you he
was not born yesterday he corner like if
he was born yesterday
Oh hot sauce ah what's the question did
you sleep with another guy in the club
last year I mean yes I was with like a
lot of guys like I have a lot of guy
friends like I see them as regular guys
but there was one over that I was kind
of feeling because you know Adam erases
since I like got me like so jealous so I
like this other guy I was feeling him
but he wasn't giving me no drinks or
nothing like that like it was not I went
home with him but it was just like a
friend like it was like a regular
slumber party like it wasn't that
serious um how are you feeling Sarah I'm
I'm feeling great I'm feeling good I
just want to pick up as a messenger
Salah I just want to throw him to the
ocean and feed them to the Sharks and
then take him back out and the throw me
get to the ocean and then feed them
again to the Sharks what
they put me there's so much dings can
you call the guy that you had a slumber
party with last year I mean yeah I could
call it give me one sec I'm a clown
might look at me once
no it's not this wrong Hey nice nice I
don't know enough uh phone I saved his
number now stop this phone it's not wish
number Connor yeah yeah give me one sec
I'm a calling right now in Worcester
this is one of the reasons why I became
a hobby because I just put my phone
right here and I could just use it
without my hands like batter know why
moms don't work like it just for hello
oh you're the guy that I met in the club
last year oh my god you remember B had
its own speed I saw on this shot right
and I need you to come right now because
they trying to say that you're the baby
daddy I don't sound stupid I know it
sounds stupid cuz I'm the more seeing a
solid is the baby daddy but you need to
come cuz we need to make sure who the
baby daddy is like what you mean you
don't trust me just cuz I choked you
that time I'll smack you not stab you
three times it doesn't mean nothing
they're having to trust what happen to
that you know what it's whatever I'm
gonna bring the producers I'm Adam
Austin yeah I saw the show to come to
your house okay y'all better find him oh
yeah I better go find him cuz he was
getting smart with me Adam stop crying
are you done to my baby you snug snuff
mom we're gonna give you on the guy a
paternity test right now
are you ready to find out a week the
baby daddy
