hey guys I'm Adam and I'm Shay and we
are two story a si and today it is si
daily rant watch your hands every day
now we're gonna be talking about I'm
sorry I had bourbon side okay we're
gonna be talking about bullying and
we're gonna say our friendship story so
it's kind of like bullying with
friendship we're both gonna tell you
guys a story my side and Shake side me
and him we have like our friendship
built on something that we're gonna tell
you right now and it's gonna be hard to
believe but you know get ready I'm gonna
be hard to be oh no I was a bully but
now because you know me like friends
usually meet up like they bump shit like
hey what's your name my name is Adam
what's your name oh hardship was the
total opposite I used to be the biggest
bully on shake while we were in school
together in high school together and
it's just I don't know but just I so
that's how it started I got kicked out
of my school public school for being a
bully and having a lot of fights and I
transferred to private school which for
my last year senior year and that's
where I met you know the whole students
my 10 students in our class all of them
are boys and it was just I was really
weird awkward for me it was different
for me and shake was a quietest one and
I would get mad I don't know cuz shake
Adam him on Facebook and this way I got
mad at him on Facebook and then his
pictures were just like he would post
pictures and his captions would be like
some of the weirdest caption it would
just pissed me off and I was like a
bully I got the wrong people so I turned
like them I think we got jealous cuz you
know this is one girl I call me
that's how I look like Jay Sean and I
was like damn he's let's say G sure I
did good job I got jealous cuz he had
like 23 likes and I still get like seven
likes that was before I came here and
then I I'm at all he's hanging out 23
legs so the next day I don't know why
what was going on with me but I came I
had a newspaper and I just smacked it on
his face like that and then you did
something for that without the before
that I remember like it was yesterday so
I was just sitting on the table I was
just mind my own business and I don't
cross the room he goes your shake you
might come into the main office I'm like
nah man he's a joke calm calm I'm like
no man and he said yo you don't forget
you he throw
Varinius walked out all right you know
we could see all these bees I said no I
well cuz shakes I know he's posed
agreeance yes no see this is why I tried
eskalene I tried not letting people
stuff on me I made a mistake and I got
hit with the newspaper I first of all
I'm sorry for ever bullying you public
I'm sorry I'm talking about us not to
just not not just to shake awkward but
all the people that have ever bullied
ever lives alone Michael because that's
just not um be straight up that's just
not me I'm not I'm not bully a hunk out
the wrong people and to anybody that
ever bullied if you're watching this
please please please do forgive me
because I'm not that you know type of
guy and I don't want you know I don't to
be held for it for day judge may not
only be you know punished for it or
anything but if I don't get then I
deserve it but I'm saying now that that
was not me and actually do apologize for
that in shit seriously just iPod does
that for you and it was only that was
like so many things I would I'll do so
many stupid things with amount of making
goes hair like that and I was like punch
him up a little bit like that and some
days you would bleed some days his uh
energy glasses once are you bleeding
over here I don't my my day I forgot I
made it go like this look you want like
this pre analyze it ever like that then
I was like do pull hard plot and he put
it down like go and yeah and he hit his
face and he was like bleeding and I was
laughing out that I've thrown paper
balls I don't know it just a really book
book a really big bully and I feel bad
and then after a while this is how we
turn this how I became friends after a
while you know kids don't try this at
home but we cut class
yes you cut class was a senior and we
cut class together I was cutting class
by myself alone like a loner he was
cutting class alone and then we met up
and we saw each other we're like you met
in the same room I got on him hand and
definitely you Adam what are you doing
here yet I think I'm gonna class dude I
was like what are you doing it I was
like yo and we started talking a little
bit I didn't know like stealing the pens
from the class and keeping out pocket
and a shout out to Medina school yet as
I had amazing pens in seventh grade
class and then I'm on and then we
started talking to each other's alright
then and after a while I was like yo
chinks actually pretty cool he's one of
the cool kids in you know in class you
know he's maybe quiet maybe bully him
cuz you know cuz I'm quite because I'm
bored or something cuz it's quiet and I
wouldn't want to talk but he's turned
out to being really cool and like
started talking ah stop bullying him
from there and from there I mean him
just you know we wanted to say similar
colleges near each other and that's when
we started talking more on Facebook we
got really close we decided to make
youtube channel for you guys and now
we're best friends that's crazy you know
in high school year that I said I was
very very very quiet I'm very shy like I
used to like I should not focus on
people you're nice to just do me and and
cream Slim's up I can't get tough
probably just I'll tell the camera what
you're doing I swear I so missed em is
right now half naked Bai was showing his
butt saw so he showed us a full moon
yeah that's I can't up her anyway so you
know during the high school years I
wasn't giving much attention to and
people used to like pick on me because I
was quiet and shy and you know did they
have a purpose they have the opportunity
like you know he's quiet if I beat him
up no one's gonna say he's not tell
anyone or if I do this to him he won't
snitch she won't rap me out or you know
no he's gonna find out so let me just go
bother him and then they make their own
little jokes entertain each other
and I would be like that main topic to
be focus on that to be attacked or
whatever and you know it's not it was
just him I've been going through it
since ninth grade and to be honest I
look at my old pictures and I I saw how
I look and I saw how I acted and to be
honest they don't blame it you know no I
mean I do blame them but the thing is
yeah cuz he would he would you would
have the weirdest pictures on facebook
the weirdest videos he opposed the face
videos her lip-syncing no I would just
look at her like I just wanna punch this
guy in mouth like I would just had that
either like temptation up in my head I
would just look I'll be like I just want
to beat him up I've been thinking what
is he doing I don't know I've ever had
as you grow up you look back at your
pictures you like it was that really me
like you want to punch yourself in the
face yeah but I don't want to punch
myself it doesn't mean that's like me
bully myself so basically that was hug
my high school years man and then he
came in and this guy he went from a
public school bully to private school
bully and unfortunate I was one of the
victims but after high school years do
you accept my apology yes I do except
ecology I accepted as soon as you can't
recreate it I'm not a bully I promise
you I swear I'm the nicest average I was
a bully because before before in in
public high school I seriously was I got
bullied in middle school then in high
school it was either two choices
you either be a bully are you get
bullied yeah so I'm like you know screw
that I'm not getting bullied I'm gonna
be the bully
screw that and then the whole high
school that's when I was being the bully
that's in college university once we
started college that's when uh I was
just like what I'm I'm not nothing I'm
not a bully or anything I'm let me just
cut it off life and be nice to you'll be
positive and yeah and now I have my
bestest friend who I bullied when when I
first yeah when I when I first we know
when we first created a YouTube channel
I was still deciding on waking up this
guy's been bothering me throughout the
whole last year you know should I still
work with this guy but my mind was
telling me no out of my mind's telling
me no but my body my body's telling me
oh so basically my mind was telling me
no but then I'm like you know what you
know this guy's very talented even
though he hasn't messed up my at times
he's still a great guy and we work
together and then I found out the real
out of because in high school I could
have find that out all I knew is that
these guys messed up he likes picking on
people but after that I found out who he
really is and to be honest Adam I feel
like all bullies have a story I feel
like they've been going through
something that made them become who they
are you know like I'm pretty sure all
bullies they had infection like
somebody probably uh somebody finally
got shot god forbid or something
happened to them and I mean they became
a bully so to be honest some people just
do it for fun and they're just jerks for
that but for me to be honest it was just
I had no choice I had to be a bully or
get bullied and I have to know I am NOT
a bully or I don't get bullied and if
anybody out there who is getting bullied
make sure you tell anyone tell your
family tell somebody to help you out if
someone do not say quiet about it cuz
usually and don't join them yeah do not
enjoy them usually before I say quiet
about it cuz I'm scared some I'm like
mom I got bullied like I would look like
a punk but don't be afraid to tell
anybody to help you up
who cares snitch on them they say your
snitch go ahead snitch on them tell them
because that's the only way that would
actually make them stop bullying so
don't let anyone pull you or anything
and slim
but Shawn so basically what the message
trying to spread out here is you know
stay strong don't ever let anyone pick
on you or go ever let anyone about the I
got a lot of messages have been
messaging me like oh I used to be like
you I sing a bully but thanks to you
guys I'm actually stronger inside and
I'm proud of that I'm glad you guys are
strong inside please do not let anyone
affect you because you know everyone is
always going to be a bully in every high
school but you have to stay strong
please do not fit in with them just be
different be smart and just don't let
them step on you just do you and make
the right decisions always tell people
like your friends family teachers anyone
just tell them and get help just don't
stay quiet cuz think white is always bad
choice trust me another message is maybe
your bully will be your best friend so
the example hi my name is Adam and I
used to be a bully like my name is shake
and I used to get boogie and we're best
friends dick
yo well up man what's up with you I'm so
sorry I'm sorry please I'm sorry before
would you sorry please you want my lunch
money yeah give me a lunch money I don't
have my life pass it up so I'm a phony
get on if you did organize more
expensive so you got small take care and
pitch peace
by travelpod member
