hey guys I'm Adam and I'm shade and we
are true story ASA's and we are here
with slab roof solidification hey Jenna
turn up tah-tah Jenna today we are doing
the say anything challenge we didn't
vlog anything because why not say
nothing challenge we had a long road
trip from Miami to Orlando it is about
midnight right now we just got here to
learn though so we did a vlog at all so
right now we're gonna give you guys a
challenge for AC vlogs channel so you
guys ready how's the game go ah I so I'm
gonna have two rounds of the state and
two rounds the first one is going to be
animals we're gonna have to say anything
any animals know ever has a three-second
pause they're gonna get a slap in your
hand and if anybody gets three slaps
they're eliminated from the run yup from
the round and last person standing is
winner the second round will be not less
person sitting ya know saying come on
when I was thinking the second one a
third one killed it I'm gonna go you
know for the layin joke you get oh yeah
so the second round will be anything you
could say anything literally first
rounds animals second rounds anything so
let's start this move for myself a
little right right left right our
beliefs and rates like soon as left or
right enough cuz it Croatia left right
to write or sound because right to left
sucked
yeah a right to the door before and just
rise a lot of threat to left right to
left or no Center up and down left now
no how do we do by home see it yeah
I am seeing how we do I'm in love with
that go go go
alright so we're gonna start off from
shake is gonna go first animals topic
round what monkey dref a dog snake line
ah yes the other girls are set it to
death man ome I get to stab someone both
of us oh my gosh alright well so grim
looks like it's not like this now ah yes
a man I see thanks with cats cow mouse
pigs huh pigs uh he took the time for
that yeah do that no I didn't that's an
SS ape no we set up a three second leg
huh ah always even that hard to hurt but
if you think that's hard
say come on Lily Oh
zebra gorillas woody what Donna oh boy
do so pay attention I can't afford it
and you got it bro I'm gonna give you a
bigger slap just Rosanna kicked me out
having to leave it Oh Joanna buck her
euros why build that hello
Oh baby throw your respect like three
mule deer elephant well a go camel
donkey sheep chica goats huh like a
sauna when you take all the dishes chips
I said go to achieve me yeah I don't I
didn't say yes I want to present my teas
in it wandering all over Linehan's one
row no I'm just gonna slow squeeze me go
as my hand hurts six as my friend I
remember I'm a DJ ah
nobody's gonna try go ahead touch them
go he said huh you start I saw him yeah
um huh no I uh no no no no I mean you
know
oh come on baby black chicks me slightly
that's wrong you will not have I'm gonna
Vasavi give me the error I split yeah
I'm disheartened mileage bro bro you
split up please no Alex wasa say it
don't spray it
oh my god this ends pink let's make it
red
oh my could have you this your last one
you have to leave in pain wasn't it that
was ours anymore I give you a baby now
say octopus penguins shark dolphins
cockroach whales
he said whales ready I said well so look
it's not animal that's insect no yes yes
it is I said Oh bear gorilla giraffe
panda mr. Lilly is a gorilla he said my
room and I said girl there's a girl
I said gorilla however my gear was over
Lucy :
nice great Eddie signal say cool yeah
we're on tour over oh I didn't finish
what we said I thought about the song
Carla Bruno Mars let me continue as I
was saying
let me continue go shake come on shake I
go do this you you CIO doozy
how hard will har you say holding it now
slap the chick oh man like shake 101
ya'll men's don't try some home little
bread money go out of his hard roll yeah
our roast on me I hit like yeah yeah
that boxing his anything bro well it's
mad this is it so fast from a nice round
is your way anything off the top of her
head so Shane MacGowan and I would say
be on your head
okay so it's anything that shakes s you
you go first floor laptop door Carpy
ceiling air conditioned door oh well ot
sings hood oh I've been earlier do you
look sighs ha sa sa guy oh let me that
stuff me I want to start from here
shakes up guys there's a little crazy
Adam Han
it's a pretty low so that dollar cause I
watch the camera laptop lamb-like
receipt monkey dark frame picture a
picture oh yes yes yes oh I don't know
what you did right now builders no ever
make the jingle dollars yeah how are you
catching my haha right here with it my
hair's hired you know I just give me my
jacket Hotel suitcase room whoa
shorts tied up come on shake oh yeah
this I right here I'm gonna do this I
decided roll you hit my little bear
handsome man bro that was just designed
just to make it design your shake well
Lavar I love my go to sleep Adams hand
very cheerful oh no reaction though oh
oh my god I miss you so long Oh
go crazy oh oh my god me man t-shirt
luggage beard tank top floor lon
toes doorknob Jackie knows frame charger
your something greater a mistake you
sense a friend I realize so used to be
given bad pink oma myself do to do to do
to do sir today is in again this outfit
Vegeta Vegeta borrows way third entrance
area desert I sent her to the silicon
he's been we're gonna take over I swear
to do I'm a pilot room before you sleep
oh you dirty all right tre da yo we can
please give me a go super saiyan yo cart
leg airplane auxilary me USB juice
shoulder foot water ears hair pair huh
yeah well I sent you here I'm here Robin
that's all the beers good Oh shake look
hair fair you're done you any ice
appointed hi brother start talking this
is a gated no can I be myself over that
I'm sorry um I got you
Ching I got the same touch very happy
shake shake shake
shush oh look at what all this dead I
felt that you and all I loved it
what are you still trying to get her
everyone I'm this imma do it ready
oh that's bad at home
you shot my head off no that was
horrible
no that was hard I swear woman in the
emitter sounded rough but I was really
hard cuz my wrists hurt you came on
y'all should pick my son Hey Oh fathers
you guys gold mango silver platinum tied
up that's it oh my damn it you all right
loser I didn't know you slap you like
some pie it's a shame you're something
more you want it and I want to run
already alias left when you always
thought poo Larissa chick whores hard
she's loved you like a massage Judas oh
that hurt
I don't made it pretty oh I loved it
I'll shake you into something cause I
say with energy with passion and the
winner is then the winner is Che Guevara
I beat them two rounds in a row lose
your hands please she really got hit me
I know magic they end up at him it was
wins oh my God look at the Tempe
destroyed you you destroyed our Oh was i
Goku keep him on - that's a Super Saiyan
slop of the day alright guys so yeah
it's time to wrap up this challenge was
a great time so fun man but when I do
this again
ya don't wanna never doing this again
you guys shit even Joey I'm not my edit
I'm gonna have to be like two tails
because my hands like money right now
you guys did enjoy this challenge you
want more make sure you give this dogs
royal thumbs up and make sure you guys
check out check out some efficacious
channel will be down below or right here
you can just click on him just click on
his face Oh looks like my cousin and why
your did right they see it like that it
doesn't work the first time you do it
again you know what shake this Lucic one
I'll give this fine up bro come on
morning everybody kisses I got a silver
Ciera additional 40 care and so to make
PC referrers Oh
by travelpod member
