hey guys I'm Adam I'm shape and we are
true story a sa we always have to do
that intro we have a pretty cool
background of the kitchen so yeah and
this is where we're gonna do our rent
today today's rent is gonna be about
peer pressure you guys chose it so we're
gonna talk about peer pressure and how
we went through peer pressure before and
how we overcame it and yeah and stopped
peer pressure so let's do this gonna go
first
ladies first you never told me any
stories about your pressure and nothing
like that and we get it soon it's a bad
experience you know I don't wanna see my
parents high school all right
are you telling you stories about peer
pressure and I'll tell you my number
that fans you guys all know I'm a very
good boy
I don't do anything wrong I don't I
don't do anything bad you know but you
know I'm very angelic and but I was why
not
Angelica I mean I used to run here and
there but I never used to be like go
really wrong there would be times where
I'd be peer pressure into doing like
dumb stuff like there was one time I was
walking down the street this is
high-speed years so I was walking down
the street and then there was a group of
friends not friends there's a group of
people I was walking with and they would
time you they're like yo you're not
a man like what do you mean man I
haven't met he's like yo you see it you
see that key right there through his eye
he gave me a rock so I'm like nah man
you're not gonna hurt his hair that's
messed up
he's like man see this what I mean like
you're a punk you know he's don't even
hang with us you know I don't like
hanging out with weak kids so no no I
got you I got you I'm not sure I'm gonna
show him that I'm good
so I took that rock up and I do it the
guy and ate his head
and I don't know what happened after
that it was a kill run run run
so I ran with them but basically I was
peer pressure into hurting this guy and
I was probably the most dumbest decision
ever made because I shouldn't change who
I am to fit in with other people and I
believe that you know always stay true
to yourself and you'll fit in with the
right people you shouldn't change
yourself to fit in with that people and
that was my wrong decision where I
changing myself I threw a rock at a kid
just to make these kids happy a lot of
people in this world
just entertain other people they would
embarrass you they would do anything to
mess with you just to make that other
group happy and I find that that's a
dumb thing okay goes on keep my throw
this to us them nah man nah man no no I
can't see I was peer pressured again
right there no hi so I'm gonna say I'm
gonna say you got it I'm gonna say guys
my story and how I forget oh come on
what would you throw that you brush it
by the gym so I'm gonna say my story how
I used to get you know pee pressured
into doing really stupid things pretty
similar to shakes but for me I have like
sometimes I'm really weak inside like I
would do whatever you know people would
tell my judges do and I'm too nice
sometimes so like that Isis like have
fights and that wasn't me I'm not a
violent guy or nothing like that
basically I say hang out with the wrong
crew like really wrong crew and I used
to do whatever I just do whatever they
would tell me and how I would do stuff I
don't know where just to show off and
stuff like that in class it would tell
me you Adam go throw that piece of paper
out throw the piece of paper you Adam go
fight that Katy ticky see you didn't let
him do that you let me do it I'll just
go do it I'll just go up and just do
stuff I get even it was like cheating on
tests somebody I don't go get a test
you'll go get it come on yo I don't want
is a boss man I thought it was a boss
then I'll go ahead and do it especially
with fighting fighting was one of the
main things and bullying people I was I
feel so like I don't know I mean I feel
happy as I changed vice to be a bully
before and that just it really wasn't me
just the peer pressure caused me into
being a bully which is two big issues in
this world today which is peer
pressuring and bullying which might be
our next topic tomorrow stuff like that
- man I gotta lean and then actually
bullying happens gonna peer pressuring
me see so that's my happens again I
still get peer pressured into bullying
that just made me look like a really
really guy and it made me look like I'm
not explained if I made you look like a
punk you know you're doing what other
people say you know be yourself do do
what you want to do don't let people
tell you what to do you're not I'm
saying
it tells you to go do that go do that
here come on just try it out you know
they save somebody trying to give you
like alcohol or try this you know smoke
drugs or stuff like that you know you
you can't I see if you would get peer
pressure and they're just afraid like
you don't want you just go along I'm
just gonna try it on somebody you know
don't make you make your own decisions
don't let other people make your
decisions over that you know sometimes
there's peer pressure that's good that
they tell you no come on I mean it's
motivation that's good but peer pressure
when it's bad you think you're the one
that should think a thousand times don't
let you know don't let other people make
your decisions and peer pressure you
into doing really stupid things that
that you can regret and now we're gonna
tell you guys how we overcame you know
how we made this peer pressure and you
stopped and for me i'ma tell you - first
this is what I did to make this peer
pressuring stop this is what I did to
meet the peer pressuring stop I made new
friends i deactivated my facebook I left
my school I went to a new school I
started a whole new life because every
everybody would just you know peer
pressure me and because they took
advantage of me being like really weak
inside and stuff like that so so I just
had a last status on facebook college
was like I'm gonna leave I'm gonna
change my life around
I'm this is just not me I'm not a bully
I'm not this guy who just does what
people say stuff like that so I
deactivated probably like six months
later I made a little Facebook I met
shake hug boy my best friend my brother
oh my baby and I changed and then yeah
to be honest shake changed me a lot he
made me into like even though you know
some people say I made him confident or
something that he made me into like I
really better guy so I truly appreciate
that shake thank you so much thank you
seriously I need him and this is why I
hang out with shake you know slimming
and cream stuff like that we we we have
each other's back if you see somebody
trying to peer pressure us and stuff
like that we tell them I go you know you
gotta hang out the people that would
give you right things and you know you
got to hang out with people that would
want the best for you don't want hey
guys people that all of them are just I
can't just do it just do it you wanna
hang out with somebody that helps you
out that know what's right that know
what's right I know what's wrong and
that's that's how I basically overcame
pretty much made new better friends make
sure you know who your friends are and
make sure you know who who likes you for
who you are and I don't even know what
to do anymore Shakespeare the way I
overcame this this problem was you know
as life went on I realized I've been
I've been being stepped on a lot
like a lot of people step on me do it
not like this no no not literally not
well i they would tell me what to do
they would force me into doing stuff and
as time went by I realized you know this
is my life it's not theirs you know I'm
not their slave I'm not this servant I'm
like why am I being stepped on what did
I do wrong
and then the thing is my problem was
always let them if they tell me you do
something I would do it and that would
mess me up and I feel like that's what I
messed me up till today I mean now it's
better only right now because I made my
own decision but back then I would
everything I say or everything I do
would revolve around what they say and
that's what messed me up before but now
Hum Dil I learned a lot more stuff and I
know what's wrong and what's right and I
know my own decisions as you know I'm
becoming a man and you know if I grow up
I can't let I can't depend on other
people I have to be always independent I
have to depend on myself and I'm proud
of Adam to be there by my side because
they fight if I do anything wrong say if
I if I ever went to the wrong path I
know Adam would stop me there he would
be like you're what are you doing this
is not right that you can mess your
thing up now what is sake I'll pick you
up and drag you and take you over there
you know you know I'm saying you know I
wouldn't be like stop just stop
shake come over here you're not doing
that I don't know just you know we
always have each other's backs and to be
honest today we die know each other back
took the after show after ever even
after were married and everything how do
you pick your brows promise so basically
yet I don't always has my back I thank
God in every prayer for giving me such
an amazing best friend someone who I can
depend on and someone who can someone
who's there from you know and the world
needs people like this because you can't
trust all your friends there's gonna be
friends was there for you for a
temporary while and then your friends
are gonna be there for you only to get
stuff out of you but he doesn't want
anything out of me
he just wants me to be a better person
and he just wants me to have more
confidence and you know just be me so
make sure you know make sure you know
who your friends are because we had
friends in the past even last year we
have more friends in the past but it's
the same thing you know you got a peer
pressure tour knowing if people use you
for stuff like that they want to use you
and tell you to do stuff to do wrong
things and when you see their intentions
and and you get to know them make sure
you know who your friends are this
basically so you won't get peer pressure
and that's why my friends my three best
just bestest ever friends his shake
shake is like my top like ever ever
slipped to and cream I love you guys and
seriously I love you guys so much in
battle my heart you guys do not know
like I've had friends in the past
friends even what couple months ago that
I just finally stopped talking to
because of their their pre pressure
their this stuff that used to try to
tell me the way they try to use me and
they didn't like me for who I was so I
didn't like that space like peer
pressure if you guys ever got peer
pressured into doing something let us
know in the comments below if it's
something crazy or if you don't want to
keep it if you don't want to say in
public and stuff like that you could
just message your custom if you want to
say it in the comments and blow public
we would love to read it let us know
what have you been pressured maybe we
can help you guys in it or that stuff we
did overcome and how you overcame it so
yeah that's right and yeah it's time to
wrap up this rant I hope you guys
enjoyed this rant if you guys enjoyed
all these rants make sure you get this
red thumbs up and yeah we'll see you
guys tomorrow
then uh Stacy there's lots and another
another yes a daily France
take care cheap mother shape see you and
peace
