hey guys I'm Adam I'm Shay and we are
true story a si actually nope or not
whereas a daily rents and today it is
our second day they say daily rants
today's topic is a personal issue that
we have from one of the viewers she
doesn't want us to say her name or
anything so we respect that she said hey
Adam and Sheikh I really love your
videos and I'm really glad you guys
started a a daily rants I just want some
help and motivation from you guys
because I'm going through a lot right
now my parents are not together and some
days I'm with my mom cuz some days I'm
with my dad it's so hard because they're
separated and not together like they
used to be I don't know how to handle
this situation because I'm so sad and
depressed when I even think about this
issue I watch a lot of your videos and
it helps me out and I was hoping if you
can make a video regarding this
situation because I'm sure other people
are going through what I'm going through
thank you so much much love basically
the situation what she's going through
is that her mom and dad are separated
and she's asking what we think of her or
how we can help motivate her to stay
strong because I know it's very
difficult to have your moms and dads
separated you have to go from one side
and another really difficult and yes
it's it's just to be honest this one is
what I think if if your parents are
happy that you may not be high but few
parents are happy that they're separated
then just you'll be happy because
they're happy so some days you should
visit your mom and you know make her
happy you have memories with her some
days you should visit your dad and you
know hang out with your dad and have a
lot of memories with your dad don't
don't think of anything negative Adam
you seem really young like probably you
seemed like you're around 15 16 years
old
I don't you seemed really young and you
might have an amazing personality but
you have to stay strong just remember
that as long as they're happy and
healthy that's that's all that matters
and they're alive just don't think of
the worst think of the positive stuff
you know they're happy they're healthy
they're maybe they're still talking
visit them laugh with them and it's
pretty much it to be honest is probably
for a good or better cause probably when
they work together these two always
argue these always have problem
but now that they're separated there's
no problems that happen each end but I
know on your behalf it's gonna be very
difficult because your parents are
separated and it's very hard for you to
deal with it since now you're alone in
between but to be honest if it makes
them happy and you're there you should
always be happy - as long as your
parents happy you should be happy and
even though it's not the best thing
having parents separated but you have to
always stay strong and remember it's
your parents happiness and I'm sure I
really love your parents and you know
the best thing to do is stay strong
inside and visit them both equally like
they're together and treat them like two
together and show them equal love and
yeah this be an amazing daughter
yeah just still remember that even if
they're a separator of they had a
divorce anything that they're still your
mom and dad they still love you so
always remember that we still love you
we still want more to meet you and you
know you have a life - you and I have a
future family you don't you don't want
that to affect you or stuff like that
and yeah you know you gotta be strong
and put some positive you know thoughts
in you you have to hang out with
positive people that you know that help
you in in this situation and just
remember you know loving love your
parents equal your mom and dad see them
equally love them equally and you'll be
fine I promise that's all you see strong
and don't think about anything negative
I promise you you'll be fine and with
you guys everybody's watching this and
you have any more advice that you want
to help this person you comment below
and you can't blow anything that you can
out them cheek of you to read all the
comments or you can take our advice that
we gave you and hopefully that helps you
and I really I really do and let us know
what you think of this topic and let us
know what you would advise the person so
you know everyone's learning you know
wrong in this so there's no wrong in
your opinion so keep your comments
coming and let us know let her know let
everyone know and yeah yeah but
hopefully she'll I really hope that you
stay strong and stay positive and I
really hope your parents are still on
good terms
and you remember stay strong stay
positive keep smiling and yeah see you
tomorrow did enjoy this video thumbs up
for more a a daily rinse if you join our
a civilian rants make sure you give a
thumbs up for anything you know
something day - yup and keep the
comments coming for the next topic see
you tomorrow take care that's a wrap
