you
well you
me
know your shakes knife famous here bro
look yeah we are no blogger as to the
roof by show me camera I've never seen
until daily tasks lecture okay now I'm
just learning
I'm just learning it come on see that
boom Oh camera
it's cool down miles close any exact
daily vlogs anything I didn't know we
were gonna go out and hang out so I
worry shakes bangali slippers and I look
so funny when I was i doing switch this
clown out class officers animals with
Santaniello idiot though huh
Alex Lunas okay man we might even one
two three four five six so you got a 30
pack man that's Photoshop Photoshop son
are you photoshopping yourself in okay
why you photoshop you so much I don't
like a grandpa broke yeah okay wait 11
every realize what do you love it oh
yeah please wanna sleep the aclu here
that the places along the plays are
sleeping there's like AC all over vivo
guys oh nice to meet you guys I love you
I'm shy
what is that girl likes nice so I'm
gonna eat some honey so try to bring my
voice back that's a tea
don't
thank you
to squeeze some lemon juice donor and
now were you got some - hey keep on yeah
my man
Hey
in the ass
just keep up on all the shit this dog
that runs in over there QB just to show
me how to do me time - ready Timmy go go
go go
where does it that we tweak tweak right
now Pat so we're going on right now and
mean shape we're gonna dress up as
monkeys and we're gonna be monkeys in
Miami so yeah phew charlatan oz we were
bringing this over from UK it's called
cheeky monkey what is cheeky me like
good like you check it it what is this
cheeky mean like nice name
no a lot we buy like cookie cookie
cookie cocky cocky all means like you're
like like the cheeky Oh nobody wanna see
in your eyes that when he do you don't
even like just wanna see GDP guys dives
off your knee that lasted it sucka don't
need to fight it any fun come on matter
what does that war truck that I think
now now watch me don't go now watch me
now watch me we walked over the pages
we're doing it you wanna learn to do
this you wanna take your bad food and
the dogs is the movement so when you
jump on the floor buries it fast and you
can move to the right and the left let
you can even freestyle when you step and
step put your hands in the end and your
back
Rezo go Oh twist your fingers you can
wave and say hello
no no make up this thing you
no no no violence Maggie so let me see
you go can we be to this nobody wanna
see your eyes I'm gonna do you don't
even like it
this is from the city deep in crisis
drives off your knee that laughing hey
stop that don't need to fight it why not
anyone from on the like then you show me
the latest walk over to me so I don't
now
finally my voice is back
the the tea worked and lemon and honey I
did like two cups of honey so that
worked so I can talk hey I'm the leg and
talk feels so good free so blessed so
man respect man then his voice is back
I got to go here alright I got a lock
because it a thumbs up and go granny go
Turkey if you guys enjoying these vlogs
in Miami make sure you give a thumbs up
we are gonna be doing the best friend
challenge sometime this week so don't
think we forgot about that and yeah if
you guys haven't watched our AC a daily
rants put up one yesterday and put
another one up today hope you guys
enjoying the AC daily rants and the ACA
daily vlogs many more to come this one
mother and keep your comments coming up
what you guys want us to talk about from
any topic you want from Adams hair to to
to to the color of February I mean
you're in anything you want just comment
below and we'll do a rant on that we're
talking about that and if you guys watch
this vlog all the way till the end make
sure you give us like a thumbs up so if
you're still watching this right now
this vlog is like a thumbs up I want to
see how many people always watch our
blocks to them - thank you guys so much
teammates say see you guys tomorrow
take care alright I like
member
