I'm with my homegirl Rima what's up how
are you haven't asked you any questions
like this did you have school today yes
or no no you just said yes yeah no it's
yes what's that is that your phone yeah
it is
you always call me with it right why do
you always call me you guys don't know
she always calls me like she knows how
to call me from my mom's phone but she
calls me non-stop and yeah whenever our
travellers who calls me yes you want to
go to slim
who else you want to go to - cream who
else who else na Na's cool shake who
else who else you yes how do you know
their days we were well they say hi to
you Rima and they miss you so much we're
gonna see them so once it's not cold
okay okay that time what did you learn
in school today huh cookies yeah you
learned about what cookies in school
okay tell me how old are you they're not
that well what number is that I don't
know what number is that 9 9 wow you're
very old you don't look like you're like
what
no but they three like this yeah that's
how old you are 3 9 no no no that's 3
Rema good job you know how to count you
know how to count go cow hey yeah 9 yes
three very good yes good good job in
roofer this how you really count one two
three four
I'll say that say one two three four
y-yeah one two yeah yeah nine where's
Mawson yeah tell tell them while we're
not gonna show mushing ever again tell
them why his head is bald yep
so I did it man but the other day of
Mawson and I brought her up to my mom
and stuff like that and she went crazy
on me say why did it make him like you
you stupid dumb oh don't make him like
you he's much better than that all of a
sudden two hours later
does he look nice yeah look see he looks
like you fella
so then my mom shaved his whole head off
she gave him a shape up she messed up
his whole hair shaved off man bun and
she said I'm next
no no don't show him busting we're not
gonna show his face go show Muhsin
hey he's daring yet all right now oh my
god had to show to peak next time he's
gonna be on the vlogs for the next two
months my son's gonna be he's gonna be
wearing a hat for the next two months in
the next book Leo would ever marry bring
gauliga huh you would yeah why yes you
like me how he goes and you hear them
gee what a machee me hmm your teeth get
teeth st. my teeth say you're beautiful
you live just the way you are
yes you now sing it think cuz you're
amazing just the way you are
what up guys I'm off to the YouTube
studio right now to meet up with Kareem
slim and Adam we're gonna record some
videos today we probably do the best
friend challenge today I'm so sorry we
couldn't do it but we definitely do it
today and yeah we hope you guys enjoy
that video we were kind of busy that's
what we couldn't do it
but it's freezing cold here I was
getting a shoe polish
throw your shoes already clean why do
you want to get a polished you see the
court after a little been a big
difference if it's a smash I mean are
yet without so so my dinner
haha I'm your Fingal only yes hey but
every I forget nothing
let me take off open the door
all right thing you have to do this hey
you can open the door or not
here you can open the door Erna then why
you I know they don't wanna get up it's
no fun you guys still talking nothing
changed so I just met up with slim so
give me a pound
I don't row come on over here I just I
just I just I caught him red-handed
stealing some uh stealing some oats a
little happen so I wants a kitchen right
these boys I'm gonna get some cocoa
cocoa balls out I got the I'm in love
wait am I sure I'm not sure if I was
allowed to take this one I don't know
waters for you to use was he put there's
a coke I had like a paper on it had some
big ass words and some numbers I have
some big words understand the words so
what you're not to read no but I don't
send them with words big words but but
I'm pretty sure I meant like don't take
it but like you know I'm yoga right why
not Yolo right oh man I forgot we lucked
out
Systems about to play he's about to just
like girl for the first time that's not
the first is a long time it wasn't hmm
not to me oh yeah yeah so weird oh my
god so no no fuzz but we fix up with it
damn I shall fix it oh oh wait mama even
I don't do messed up messed up that
Brody doing son fix it oh are you doing
it no okay when the wind blew is here oh
he's gonna have a good conehead
we're finally about to start the best
friend challenge we have the light
production everything ready we got the
paper markers ready to show the markers
everything markers I'm gonna use I'm
using black one some normal you know
he's a greenhorn boy that's not one the
question a you so cultural man yo he
always once use green cuz but and I
agree is just my favorite color Alice
goes to come on cuz I love nature I use
the mic we finally finished we've been
here since two o'clock in the morning
afternoon till I left him of it okay
we've been here since we live after and
we finally done there's everyone pack me
up slim you lazy boys always walking
around by everyone else packing was it
so huge where make you cry oh hey that's
not on you do up to make you cry I gotta
go to minute side okay yeah yeah time
sleeve to moonlight shout out to the New
York you to space thing you got so much
yeah but it's like a home now me I see
we just met the homie what's in it this
is on dog gonna sell this actors all
right you're just left you to space man
she's really smart assistance is a shy
to be visually you try to injure each
other
I want to give a shout out to my sister
another issue shout-out to you thank you
so much and oh man sorry that Google was
a bit o course I'm sorry about this he's
a black man like such a fellow sign that
do great with sounds of reality he's the
MVP for long lucky then feel before they
do
so I gotta have the vlog be sure to get
a thumbs up and go brandy but we have
been doing vlog we have new videos
coming soon we we're gonna use the
YouTube face a lot more so get ready for
all that I'm not gonna sleep anytime
soon coz I'm watching a cricket game
between college and Afghanistan so far
about you know cake but I take this
Creek games really serious like I'm a
massive ballot Frances and show how they
do it and I'll let you know how it goes
wrong that's a wrap
