what up guys so right now I'm in Miami
Beach I think I think this is my Beach
or South Beach Ocean Drive so like that
but yeah there's a beach behind me and
I'm gonna finally go there after years
it's been so long since the last time I
went this oh please out to the beach so
right now we is Miami Beach with sealant
see then he came with that she came with
Nas and we here chillin my man right
here has to show me my love about him I
am NOT he's showing us more love he's
like he's been here more than two more
times than us he toured the whole United
States taught us and we live in America
we could even do that but yeah we're
chilling here my beached it's having a
little photo shoot over there we got a
little pictures taken and we got your
your swimming for sure man yeah can you
swim
oh yeah Vaslav throw Dyson does it suck
he love you
well your wife
to
Oh
Oh
Oh
so we just love to be day one at the
beach is done we got away from war good
one I'm friends with cool Cuba and it
started me riding a motorcycle
so we got our car towed and it's cuz
shake he told us to park in the spot and
then we were like no we should just put
it in valet because we don't know this
park in the 24 hours you like no it is
24 hours everyone we got a car back
the compact is she going pound you live
I never want to go on a boat cruise and
it sold out a bunch of music right now
yeah but I put the Spanish music it
sounds really good it means let me walk
up today you dressed up with it even
though I swear we didn't know it was
weird and UK shirt and I waited a very
good
Oh
Hey
under Foley like you do we just got on
the ball and this our second time gang
in this boat this is somewhere you have
weight yeah oh oh sorry mama first
this is hey will bow this is right a bow
is this I'm on a boat Hey Oh
let yourself go Amanda boat deeply
excuse employer CPT rates of wine and
everything
why not serious games I believe through
this
me Aslam we have the cheesiest joke so
tell me jokes please laugh just frosting
just sick of double-edged elaborate army
slap he was not funny like you know if
you say like bananas a yellow slapper
why not fry oh man we're so Cortese you
kinda left I left I said yeah we're
about to come on this boat begin this
work this is a city from Miami
it's like unmanly Dave to me like man
like none
it's your first time in tour bus time
Manny Halley
what seemed very far besides hanging out
with me
this one is Queen Latifah's mansion or
house
this was a colonial old mansion but he
sold our hotel
as the most expensive mansion small
island
so I was lucky with the bathroom and he
and get out for a while
from hell
have the best would be coming up in
governor Oh sounds you must merely
button the whole time first emergency
allottees you string
okay
watch guys let me get you guys back so
good
okay he was granted to him you'll shake
my shake van Wow
Rose that big ring physical injury look
rather hey physical injury to do I did
it how actually I never hurt you go
again I never hurt you oh please no that
was a cute slap it's like it
oh you stabbed me Dad me look I should
have no worse so now that I watch I'll
get you guys shake I'm gonna get you
backwards
Roy he's a mess fine no no no you're
recording it hi guys and the vlog
triggers your thumbs up and go beyond II
hope you guys enjoy this vlog our first
day of our daily ACA daily rants is
today so make sure you guys go check it
out
if you guys have a check that I know
video make sure you go check out our new
video it is up on our main channel give
it a thumbs up and go Turkey we are
going to be in playlist live in Orlando
on February 6 till February so if you
guys want to come out and chill come
through all the info will be down below
and yeah we'll see you guys tomorrow
with another AC daily vlogs and a si
daily rants take care and peach peach
slow I just booked
member
