shake is moving in this sleep shake okay
we go why 6 a.m. huh
it's 6 a.m. pick up wake up
yes how long wakes me up huh do you
wanna stay in the cold weather huh
mm-hmm
all right so get up peace out right now
we are in Miami but before we start of
like we want to tell you that we did a
social experiment with shake he went
through well know people going through
the airport security like normally stuff
like that and shake went through the
security wearing his whole desi outfit
they wanted to see how the security
check will like check them they would
just I know came out with this whole
outfit you gonna see it and yeah you're
gonna see how it goes so yeah see you
guys thumbs up see you guys soon remind
me where in mind right now and I'm
starting the vlog at the end but yeah
peace this is really cool some pilot
weenies
flying a plane shaving DeGeneres we
missed our flight because of someone
because of whom someone has to bring
your whole luggage have to bring the
whole pond down row we're gonna be out
for two weeks
you
right now we are in the airport heading
towards Miami and I'm super tired I got
one hours sleep last night get out of
stuff over so you know this guy's
annoying at night but yeah only one
hours almost leap on the plane I can
tell this before I knock down look at
him right in the back
he's laying down we have slim here have
to have dead half asleep so I don't took
the flight that we were waiting for on
standby Adams like that one and since
there was only one seat so he's gone and
I'm alone right now with slim we are
waiting for the next flight which comes
in three hours so today's been such a
hectic day hopefully we catch the next
one because the nice ones again will be
on the waiting list and I hate it is the
worst adventure I had but yeah that's
how this goes similar alright do you
want to say anything cuz I mean I know
you're pissed off right now
so well why two minutes I tried
everything to get in that last play Adam
sitting down and I was selfish I was
annoying the crap out of the guy and it
shows out I hope Adam gonna be so tight
yeah good minute um you seasoned us
right it's like are we gonna meet him in
five hours
ladies Klaus was like
thanks love
so we just got to Miami and look look at
this guy from all of me okay what's it
gonna take
he stopped in the highway to take a
picture and the Miami Beach what is he
doing
look at this do me I mean with all we
see let's see what else crazy pretty
serious this is too funny
hey what's going on sup guys run a car
right now we're waiting for nos and
we're gonna go pick up slim and shake I
ended up going leaving early because
we've missed our flight and they only
had space for one person which is money
and then I had to take it because the
next flight was on his face for two
people so slimming shake or coming three
hours after me so I'm enjoying the
weather while they are they gonna cover
it up come to sunny Sheila's up the
curtains is closed so we go to pick up
shake and slim right now and I'm
pranking slip since I landed three hours
earlier I landed three hours earlier so
I got I got his luggage with me and he
doesn't know that so now he's calling me
saying yo I was no luggage I'm like yo I
don't have it man so he's going all
around asking for so he called me on the
phone he's literally about to cry like I
feel so bad some once I see him is he
there what guys we finally landed in
Florida this time was just me and slim
Musa Moses traveling by itself is the
first shirt that means my mom
we submit to SS SS Department yeah he
was sitting on like row 16 I was on road
30 we were like 15 rows behind I had a
old lady she poured her drink on me back
today she was like like this in the
airport Oh hail I have to get overused
about it was crazy but I got your back
yes I was drawn yes I see
goosal moment
yes
ah
we were well
we are
thank you losing so we are staying in
apartment in Miami we're not going to be
in hotels it's pretty cool as an
apartment something good there Kane I'm
Adam II know you're gonna get me back
this a bit punchy a lot chill man please
going truce yeah so truce I'm abolishing
it truce come on Lee it's a bad truth
obviously this is a tour of our
apartment
got a cool mirror here TV table where
you need dinner and stuff like that
kitchen doesn't gonna cook you got
something not something real you know
and I'm saying I don't forget have time
to cook them hopefully I will kitchen
oven refrigerator mothered bed and our
home ec lines I'm sure Lanka is coming
and we might have a little mattress
there I'll sleep in the mattress they
let them to go there and another bed
here bathroom shower um yes pretty much
it huh all right I'm good married oh no
gosh II see it's like what's vlog signal
our gamer I'm beautiful you're beautiful
man how don't walk with a name
you're always beautiful me all right
yeah stay beautiful take care
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
blog and yeah wrapping up we're gonna go
ahead sleep and tomorrow is a new day
and head to the beach hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog was a really long day
for us we had to wait so long in the
flight and airplane make sure you guys
give like a thumbs up if you guys are
ready for these vlogs in Miami
and yeah see you guys tomorrow take care
in Orlando see you Nolan play this live
take care and peeps I like
by travelpod member
