one was your first kiss good yeah why do
me gang gang gang gang call my cousin
slim some say without was goodie yeah
yeah we are going to hamza and haley
school we've never ever I've never ever
picked them up they're gonna take a
series of we're parents man I'm the dad
you're the mom we're gonna go pick up
our kids to show you another one joke so
bad but I mean man but why do you keep
making fun of me
so sir man we got the kids right here
that dunk was insane that much of a
crowd is that the first things he might
eat food yeah how was school today was
good sugandha few chatot two hams and
had at school they were so cool today
and it looks like fun - it looks like
they're having fun and getting educated
so that's what it's all about
hi guys so that was fun I'm picking up
hammers and hailing from school maybe
I'll do it another time when it's not
after school so I'll say hi to you guys
and if there's any other schools they
want me slim to visit let us know
because that was fun means some can just
like crash schools and just show up and
start dunking the basketball court but
guys we're gonna do right here look at
it do me what's up doobie yo I don't
know what hands has been feeding it but
it's been getting really really big do
me so big hi guys me and Sam right now
we're shopping for our Fashion Week it's
about to get crazy in a few days it's
crazy how I came all the way to New York
City and I'm leaving back to the buy so
let's hide yourself keep it a secret
I want your opinions on something turn
next yeah turn like I never really wore
a turtleneck okay I must have my hair
maybe hats too big for that I'll let you
don't like it girl
I feel like an older guy like this is
depth not even should I get this but if
I do get it I mean everyone's gonna know
what I got so hi guys so we're done
shopping here means summer probably
going to like five to ten places every
single day so we can at least get
something you know something alright for
our Fashion Week hi guys your doom again
you guys gonna see me slim suit it up in
our fashion week is gonna be so funny we
also got some normal golf clothes that
looked like us yo this was good
bellydance me miss hi guys me and
slimmer so crazy shopping it's so
freezing cold here
don't worry same as Dubai it's gonna be
hot so do be gang I'll see you guys in
the next reason cold shot no way this
hat no Mirena on GI doing good
hi guys my dad is back from the hospital
handle lash want to say everyone told
you I'm the pray for you they may drop
for you and yeah they're in York who
briefed on me God he gonna bless him I
was in the hospital yesterday I got a
break in all day
now I'm going so one thing about my dad
is that he's a champion he's a hero and
he doesn't like show it his weakness
it's something like me whenever I'm
feeling down or something like that I do
not like showing it to you guys I like
hiding it and showing that I'm you know
that I'm strong so I'm to show that my
dad is good hamdullah
and you guys in Douma gang helped me out
so much now I'm gonna ask you am some
awkward questions so we can cheer up the
move it a little bit to show that my dad
is feeling better so let's do some
awkward questions the reason why I got
this so my dad can read me doobie gang
if you guys remember what city and
country I wore this leave it in the
comments below you might get a shout out
tomorrow's vlog do write in too much
writing to me take it off okay Baba so
the first question first awkward
question we're gonna start off a little
slow okay where do babies come from baby
come from
yeah where do babies come from like
anybody we know
no like like babies baby like I yeah
like I said like mass and what do babies
come from New York and where do they
come from
what do they come out from but that is
so it is a he doesn't know what I'll
talk about I know what it is
I know do you have any fights when you
were growing up yeah like like what kind
of fights like fight Mike indicated with
the girl you got a kid killing killing
yeah you saw someone die we didn't know
me when I was 15 18 years old
oh and Brooklyn I know I know guys my
dad is a og I gotta tell you guys he's
an OG but cameras in there and Brooklyn
yeah it was like 11 o'clock at night
would rain rain rain in yeah that brace
is phat beat this up to you yeah and I
have a gun here you had a gun here yeah
that's what a good what do you have a
gun was always cut it down every day
back in the days you can carry years ago
yeah the Buddhist he got the reading he
take the negative on he said give me
your bison he did go out from his car I
was lucky I think my god hold it this
way you had it how you gonna give him a
license and he gave me a ticket
yeah oh yeah this is the story this is
crazy way that was given you amount of
cushion have you ever gotten arrested
yeah good up to ten two times for what
well nobody's ten be 110 I have a gun
yeah you lock me up how long we rested
for 24 hours in a second time I got the
fighters dead three guy and I go take my
gun and you got the police arrested
regular car
I know the cops I was on the covers yeah
yeah we got to go in my head in my head
damn I don't care is the guts like yeah
City breeze nice give it out don't move
don't move what did he do
and how long do you like the foot oh my
god it's crazy hop back in the day to
day to times
yeah it's crazy out back in the days you
could carry guns like that these days
like the law is insane you'll get locked
up for years back in the day like 30 40
50 years ago when my dad was young 18
years old fa fa pinky Bell explained a
$50 fine that's it oh that's it what $50
five minutes I'll pull out guns
everywhere I go you know and I'm just
joking sinister I've never gone and
that's a daddy got no more debate no no
more are you having got trouble since
that wall my dad has a kinda trouble
since then I like that that's good it's
just like me Wow
so I feel like me you have similar
stories in our life like you're a bad
boy you grew up and then you just stop
getting in trouble and everything I'm
the same way so to see that my dad does
that and you changed he inspired me so I
should I got my lesson to me yeah I
understand I understand that door we're
here right now and everything is going
great and who was um who was more strict
your mother or your father who was more
like a father was more strict oh yeah I
feel like ma I don't I feel like my mom
is more strict my dad is cool my dad is
always like you know when was your first
kiss
yeah why that is the end of this awkward
questioning with my dad I just wanted to
show you guys that my dad is here he's
good on handler he's healthy and he's
strong he's a champion so do me a
thumbs-up from my dad then thumbs up
thumbs up for my dad subscribe put your
notifications on father was solid
I love you too I love you thank you
thank you so much I hope oh sorry I hope
you're okay sure okay do me again get
it's time to wrap up this vlog I just
want to say thank you guys so much from
the bottom of my heart I'm feeling so
much better
my dad is feeling so much better
everything is feeling so much better I'm
supposed to announce the winners of the
jacket winners on Instagram and on
YouTube either today or yesterday but
after everything happening with my dad
in the surgery and the whole moving
process
to give it a little pause so sometime
this week or in a few days I'll be
announcing the winners I'm so so sorry
for keeping you guys waiting I just have
to take care of my family and make sure
everything is going well thank you guys
so much for 11:00 support I will see you
guys tomorrow do me a subscribe for
daily videos because I upload every
single day ratchet videos every single
day
put your notifications on somewhere
around there is the Bell where you can
put your notifications on and I'll see
you guys tomorrow thank you guys so much
make sure you guys give this vlogging
thumbs up take care and peace I like and
don't forget music video for the mortal
trailer comes out the 12th and 19th is
the official music video peace chillin
in it swear to God he shouldn't
pain when life gives you Yemen baby
makes in Yemen aid name a place I'll
meet today I'll treat the playing like
an uber if that makes me imagine
