hey this is I'm fixing the camera okay
that's good he fixed it
you fixed it hey guys what's up right
now I am with princess Rima Nagin is
here for the next two weeks because I'm
going to Miami for a couple days and
after that we were going to playlist
live in Orlando for about a week and a
half we're gonna see that seeing the
warm weather vlogs for you guys in the
warm weather and a lot more new videos
over there in the moment they're gonna
go away from the cold how are you I said
how are you are you okay
everybody misses you I'm gonna miss you
we're not gonna see you for another two
weeks
because I am gonna miss all of you
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh over you what did you
just I wish I could do a skit and how
the reason why I changed my hair back to
black but I have no time because I have
packing I'm leaving literally tomorrow
morning at 8 a.m. so I'm excited tell
you guys the story instead instead of
doing it and a skit so this is what
happened okay how you don't shut down
and we don't give you packing like wow
they gave me a pound
you didn't hear yourself so this is what
happened dad is right there subscribe I
was taking a shower right he was waiting
for me in the bathroom he wanted to go
next right so I came out the shower and
he was right there like this waiting so
why it took so long in the bathroom and
I came out and then he's seen he's seen
my hair and he was like what the heck is
up with your hair what is that then I
was trying to play it off I was like is
one of those phrase Dinky where you take
a shower and a removes he's like what do
you mean I just took a shower now why
isn't a gun so he grabbed me by the head
like this like just grabbed me and
pulled me like that he took the knife I
thought you're gonna stab me and commit
murder but he did it he took the knife
he was trying to cut my hair huh oh he
was trying to cut my hair and he was
like I'm gonna cut it right now all of
it
bald or else you go and dye it back -
he's trying to get reduced or else
you're gonna roast you're gonna diet but
I forgot distract me son distract me son
distract me something's up
love you day alright so then after that
and we see the story um shut oh come on
haha
so yeah come on hey miss again alright
go ahead
come on oh you got come on that's it
oh come on alright I'm aster Corps
marching let's go Ruby ready come on I
want to hit you too boy sir I want you
to boy sir no this is so awkward I'm
supposed to tell the story and the whole
stories about him video okay geez oh wow
actually pretty cool I'll say the story
about my whole dad how he bugged out on
me and I didn't even know he's gonna
beat her in the video now sir thumbs up
for my dad you know huge thumbs up for
my dad so yeah what what what what what
I mean they're called cup and they're
gonna come down let go those are you
know that er what do I mean sir
I gotta go whoa like Surf's Up dude and
they're cold robber was what does it say
ooh what is this say hi then hey says
Monday if you shout out to the people in
Dallas Texas who gave me these shirts so
yeah thank you so much for that and yeah
that can we do this who are you
he pulled my hair he said Adam I'm gonna
cut sheet I'm gonna cut your hair off
your my bald like him or else you got to
go and dial back to black so I have to
go on ah I had to go dive back to black
and yeah huge shout-out to my dad I love
him so much
yeah yeah it's pretty much it as much as
my host story we're supposed to be 30
second story it turned to like a whole
five six minutes toy but you guys did
enjoy it and thumbs up I got everybody's
bothering me here I'm gonna head to
Florida cuz to Cove over here my brother
if you're watching this I'm here's my
brother's a really nice little brother
but he just doesn't like being on camera
but I'm gonna be his but once I see him
he watching us i'ma be choked but when I
see you
but yes pretty much it Rima give me kiss
some Missy tell them my thumb no tell
them bye say bye see you later baby
I love you music peace beep what up guys
so say that was so tired yesterday I
slept a little bit overboard
that's up like six o'clock and I'm
fighting full your weight I won't be
chilly today outside I think that's
nothing because he was running madness
we got a guest over say what up Sal
missing-person area roof roof bro he's
their best friend they're always chilled
together you guys like homies right yes
why'd you put a hat on ready but her job
one thankfully takes a vape I guess what
so Adam I give out a I give a shout out
to my brother Mohammed for showing me a
two-story as8 and I kill you yeah oh man
yo David let me hang you Wow I didn't
see so yeah they're playing a little bit
modern warfare and um whoo she's winning
why you guys you guys let him win
Wow he kills me nice isn't it two-zip
why am i returning at two kills yeah Wow
look I'm dealing with the snake that's
really creepy
it's amazing breezy yes that's raizy
good
yes good so the trailer for America sure
has finally come out and already
notified me last night so here is a
quick clip when the city is threatened
so the trailer is out so be sure to
check it out and let us know what you
think we're gonna put the link in the
description box below and yeah ok you
might be like oh yeah go oh oh go Leo go
Leo go Leo go leo
oh oh huh make a pass on your piece he's
showing away with the money hey look
it's just get the testing I think Oh be
mobile go chase him chase him he didn't
pay you go Jason come on chase him smash
it oh now go get your hard-earned money
why do you run away like that
beat him up go get him rusty go get in
the tiger brother from another mother
you and I in your room so you can't kick
me out what are you gonna kick me at the
house I have a question brother I have a
question for you brother I have a
question for you cousin this is one
question one question one question I'll
come with you inside the bath yeah
I will choke you up one question comes
that mean camera second koreem help me
again
remember yes I want to I want to saw
that I want to know that being kept
Michelle Yeoh hi guys so it's time to
wrap up this vlog and yeah hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog if you did make sure
you guys give a thumbs up and go turkey
go Brioni and yeah I came to shakes
house I'm gonna stay with them till the
morning because we are gonna be out to
buy a me and then Orlando to Miami
is it by a me to Miami and then Orlando
so yeah see you guys there if you guys
want to come through Miami wouldn't be
the pop like three days then Orlando's
when we have to play the slide is maybe
there might in Orlando yeah in Orlando
we're gonna be there for a while because
I could try to try to come back in the
cold I'm gonna be there Val gonna be
filming vlogging off you guys and I'm so
excited for it I'm really excited to
start this sa daily brand yes if you
guys wanna know make sure you go check
out our announcement video or eight for
AAA daily rant and the giveaway that
we're doing so yeah yeah
team a I say I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and Pizza ruff peace
member
