hey guys what's up I hope you all are
doing great there is like a huge
blizzard or snow storm here in the east
coast of America and it is really really
bad so we cannot even go outside or do
anything so I'm gonna be home all day
with Rima so I hope you guys enjoy this
flag I'll see you later
so I mean Remo we're making biscuits
it's really cold smell like that you
hold this I cut in half cut half was I
don't know kind of biscuits I don't know
what to call it but it's like biscuits
where you can put cheese or anything
hold this hold one side hold it hold it
hold it she eats the cheese to eat meat
cheese huh you're not supposed to eat it
I put more doing this so basically for
cheese on there then you take the other
half put on them we can't let a show go
like this don't let the cheese show
carry off with the cheese in here hello
a homo one more kill I love cheese put
it back cover all of it good job don't
let it show right there this is like the
raw egg challenge kind of thing but I
give me a second you put it on top of
the biscuits oh come on nice and red and
crispy I'll do one of them here like
this our dad is watching wrestling good
job Rima more like this you gotta spread
it out spread it up like this okay
spread it up for more put in every
single one of them until you get all of
them where do you put them up to that
and and the oven and the oven active a
good job Rima I know I'm not a really
organized cook kind of messy but happy
huh we could clean up its okay yeah
let's good all right now we got this
kind of like our thing it's called black
seeds Rima get some black
what are you doing really put some one
Bugsy's you put a little bit makes it
taste better and it's like it's good
it's really good for you like medicine
make it smell better and taste better
put a little bit Rima like this
- no with me don't do so much a little
bit like this so we had to close up all
spots where shows the cheese and we had
to put all this ah all over even around
it to make it even better so Rima why
you made it so messy look so messy but
it's not so gonna taste good so this one
kinda looks like a smiley face now we're
gonna put in the oven and we'll see how
our sloppy biscuits come out ready huh
it is in the oven and it's so hot now we
have 8 10 minute wait and by waiting
we're gonna dance
and our biscuits are finally done yeah
ready all right so now it's really hot
so you got to let it you know cool off
like 10 20 minutes cause it's extremely
hot as you can see our cheese is showing
right that if you love melted cheese you
will love this chef Adam chef Brima here
all ready to eat this and try this out
and see how it tastes are you ready
let's cut it in half so we're not going
to try now we're going to cut it in half
so cooled off even faster
Rema hold on ahh
now we open this up and you see the
tastiness of the cheese as you can see
this is similar to the Sun we saw with
cheese but it's biscuit with cheese next
time we'll do some biscuits with
chocolate what do you want to drink Rima
do it
juice juice juice juice juice juice yes
juice good say jay jay okay okay
whatever forget it she can't say letter
does it out lack you try it
Oh Mac mmm that they're so good I'm not
even joking but it's really really good
good job do you like it hmm tis good
thumbs up for chef Rema Rema is doing a
good job
thumbs up for Rima our chef Rima Jeffrey
my good job you know what you need right
now you need that hat the hat that goes
on you know what's a hat the chef's hat
huh you know what that is no you don't
what what is a chav hat okay so remote
all it's a room to get this hat to show
me that this is her chef's hat all right
put it on chef Remes gonna put on her
hat okay chef Rima good job
I serene was looking at the Twitter
where she will be given five shout outs
to people that retweeted a tweet at a
set and she'll be telling them I love
you and that is crazy right in 24
seconds 255 v23 me ready huh you're
gonna choose go sit down become it don't
move don't move okay okay the first one
is this one
Raquel Ellie Zelda it's a really hard
man but she got three oh look at see I
love uh Raquel Raquel can walk yeah
Ellie's L elizalde hello Zelda another
day if you got that's one person let's
do another one
don't okay Oh was right there I can we
finger Elena okay I can more finger day
I love love Elena Elena
I love Elena oh right there
his name is play some real I say I love
face on I love face on oh you do yeah
scrolling which one is that okay this
one I love laughs miss less galaxy yeah
galaxy - galaxy look right there
see what what are you doing I love
laughs a deal yeah a deal yeah I Dow Wow
I think that's what it is a Twitter's a
thumbs up we'll do more of this every
week I think this is a fun thing to
interact with you guys and with Rima too
because she loves doing it she loved
staring at the pictures and seeing you
guys so thank you guys so much for that
and yeah I don't know why she's like you
see it you see me yeah you do all right
putting your face up close that I got
it's time to wrap up this vlog hope you
all enjoy this vlog if you did make sure
you guys give like a thumbs up and go
Turkey we will be having a new main
channel videos soon once the snow clears
up but this weather has just been
messing us up so inshallah also goes
well we still do upload vlogs for you
guys we have a lot of surprises coming
soon for you guys and the movie that we
were in American trivia the trailer is
finally out so make sure you guys go
check it out on the link down below the
movie will be out worldwide around the
February and March I do not know the
exact date yet but I think in the UK
they can have screenings in the UK
throughout the whole February and yeah
I'll keep you guys updated with
everything so thank you guys so much
watching hope you all having a great day
or a great night I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care be safe and pitch
member
