hey guys I'm Adam and I'm Sheikh and we
are true story esa and welcome to true
story AFA news the news what the media
won't show so as you guys all know this
winner recent incident where an atheist
killed three Muslim teenagers a
terrorist sorry about that
a terrorist killed three Muslim
teenagers in North Carolina they say the
reason behind this issue was behind a
parking dispute which is completely
absurd because you can't kill someone
over a parking spot what do you think
about that I think that they're saying
that the reason is because of a parking
spot because that can be his way out of
the car case and say that he's mentally
ill this is hate crime and this should
be all over the media
it probably has gone all the media now
but would it have ever been all over the
media if us on Twitter and Instagram
blasting it although we wouldn't have
that been all over the media if you guys
look at the bigger picture we are the
media from Twitter to Instagram to
Facebook if it wasn't for us they would
even get the news by the way where's
Obama's condemned speech regarding the
Chapel Hill shooting where was it was no
word if he found who Obama president
United States of America oh he was
taking selfies Barack Obama has a lot to
say when the Muslims behind the gun by
soon they're the victim we had meant to
say my thoughts and prayers go out to
the three victims who died diabetic at
user Abu Salah and Rosanna Bassam ha our
posture prayers also go out to the
family stay strong and inshallah
everything will go great you shall are
the most sad part about say that these
three were raising money for the
refugees of Syria and two of them were
newly weds they just recently got
married and now look there under the
grave right now
they shall not live a happy life in Jena
and we hope that the terrorists will be
brought to justice
in other news an Islamic Center in
Houston Texas the burned nervously this
morning and I'm pretty sure a lot of
people even hear about the did you hear
body nope I've just heard about enough
and I just found out from Twitter his
Twitter is our moves Twitter is our
media also a nine old kid in Sweden
apparently went through the train
station or something like that didn't
pay his fare a security in the train
slammed his head on the ground multiple
times while the kid was grasping for air
here's a clip of what happened why
wasn't this all over the media the
reason is because he was a Muslim and
I'm pretty sure if it was one of their
people
he would've been free by now they would
have let him go but no since he's a
Muslim who must get punished that's how
they thought well too bad because
there's true story a saint knows where
we broadcast the news that the media
doesn't also a somali taxi driver with
the name of adam Galvez almost beat to
death by three random people this is
obviously a hate crime it was a hate
crime because the guy inside a taxi
specifically told adam you are an
immigrant you need to go back to your
country this is America the guy was
taken really long on his credit card or
something like that and then they ended
up beating up the taxi driver which was
Muslim and you can see a picture over
here of his face that looks really crazy
and this is stuff that isn't all of the
media above we're showing it to you guys
you guys might not
heard of it if you guys are seeing this
and watching this make sure you guys
share it and just spread it everywhere
so we can show the media that us as
people have more power than the media
and that is it's a for the true story
AAA News will be doing the true story
soon was probably once or twice a month
if you guys do enjoy it make sure you
give it a thumbs up and be sure that
shit is video to spread more awareness
and spread more incidents that's been
happening to Muslims worldwide and
everywhere and you know do your part of
sharing and getting the words out to
people and we'll do our part of sharing
this news with you guys please take care
- story is a news broadcast what the
media does
also a Somalian taxi driver with the
name of Adam Galvez almost beat you did
I do it it's good do the true story a CA
new line wanna be the video
we're from my mom's from Yemen that's
really nice
that's dammit effexor sick see you have
it yeah yeah yeah yeah here's more also
a Somali taxi guy with the name Adam
Galvez almost beat to death by three
random people in the streets this was
obviously hate crime
yeah the one time I because you
