hey guys I'm Adam and I'm shake then we
are choose 30 a si so today we're gonna
be doing the seven second challenge we
want you to do a fun challenge we heard
of either of you guys heard of the seven
second challenge but it goes something
like this we tell each other something
to do and they have to do it in seven
seconds if they don't accomplish it they
don't get a point they do accomplish it
they get one point they go five
challenges that we're going to tell each
other and whoever accomplishes and gets
the most points may way when ready
happens go everybody right ready ready
ready
your lizard rock paper where we guess
Friday Rock Paper Scissors shoot
bang bang W a versa no you go first you
over you be me all right so I got it so
I see my challenge for us right yeah
okay cool all right first challenge is
in seven seconds go give me come one one
two three pretty dude yo boy oh I didn't
thank you Robinson nah it's minor point
one it's free water
well it's second we got free stolen
water actually boys took it from
solution swim here we go first one yes
it's fine two sites in the room and kiss
it many colonies will heaven bro come on
he's serious
these are my socks like six right kids
do that with Mambo
yeah just kiss some Sykes mmm name five
rappers in seven seconds Lil Wayne Nicki
Minaj Drake a Tupac biggie bees no big
smiles got it one more
you said five yeah I'm with that that's
fine who's five housewife right liquid
nickimja in juvenile away and trade and
those fucking you go
okay next one it's work hello yes to
work and eat chips at the same time go
two three four fuck well are you a new
on us in seven seconds say sort of the
fat huh
I believe gentlemen our Imam the leader
Vladimir Rahman Romani Kim anything I'm
doing listen and what's the most
considered letting Adam tell me get him
active Adam on Italian honey oh I used
to run a time
should I give yes I read your ad it's
alright yes I like you
psyche how they already know I next one
really really really crazy right you
ready come on ready tell your whole day
in seven seconds go um a tactic shower
I'll brush my teeth I went outside we
ate food I went to the rodeo place and
then cream got a car accident and I'm
here kiss sucks I last you nine seconds
I gave it to I was seven seconds know it
was it was 9 but night to some wait
should I give it to go too fast
hey give it thank you I'll let you go
know what it has high so the score is
now 3 3 in 7 seconds do the most coolest
Bollywood dance ever go oh oh I just hit
it down at home uh-oh problem not giving
a no don't start oh that was 3d those
crazy eyes but that was a lot of cool I
but uh hold on cool got no school
wrestling I was clear what but nothing
really that was good you gotta go is
cool for you that was cool how about
they decide what video I think I was
cool I give it that point if not I give
it open guy did the light bulb you have
is three seconds was nothing next I was
standing up but then you can't you're
gonna see this property gives you a
dance here I have found yourself oh yes
that I get the point no they decide the
point okay next
and next I guarantee no points here lick
your elbow ready go to the gym for like
you know this is again was it beyond
pull my help of my poem ah there you go
come on you got if you could do it I'll
let exercise fun
no it's nice but you guys I'll give tell
you difficult yes yes I think about go
back let us all go cuz baby locked in
the door you are so home okay in seven
seconds ready for this this is
impossible but be ready fist in seven
seconds switch your pants with slim
ready set go
look out slow one two three four five
six seven under foot I didn't know you
guys knew each other
damn night get up with him
what is it sing steal my girl everybody
one not it my one direction yes
backwards in seven seconds ready verse
seven seven songs ready set go one two
girl my steel three everybody or take
harm away Horrocks everybody steal time
girl my seven no you said okay ready
feel my note said girl steal my so
that's it no point given there for
always so as those backwards oh no you
singing back like everybody was out head
was yeah
I had four no not three I've bought the
pants and allowed three yeah another one
I say decide yeah so if you guys find
any change at you guys don't agree that
you got four or five
comment below you guys tell us the
points you guys tell us for one and
you guys want more challenges thumbs up
for the 7 second challenge we have one
more challenge coming soon the best
friend challenge so yes twin town we got
your question the questions are in the
challenge will be up soon Sigma oh you
guys tomorrow is about make sure you
subscribe and yeah and also be sure to
subscribe to our main channel true story
si new videos coming soon sorry we
haven't been updating that channel but
we will be getting back to you
so in cold so yeah she'll everything
works out and thank you guys so much for
your love and support you continuous
love support and yeah if you love these
challenges thumbs up and we'll do a lot
more see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace like oh nice you it
I'm putting that in but again just
farted about phase-out disgusting
