what up guys so right now
yeah I heard echo day but yeah right now
we're heading towards trampoline we're
gonna do some trampolining today the
last time at the trampoline was in
Canada but this is my first time doing
in Texas so hopefully it's fun today
even though I'm scared like Heights like
I don't jump too high but we are going
to trampoline spot in Texas and she'll
be fun of us all of us has three major
gonna go together as you have to sign a
waiver here no put my name there
emergency contact are you my boy CY as
it loses that look at my emergency card
in heaven please don't
Reva
we might miss you we would you love me
Raymond do you love me oh look I'm doing
everybody love me chain yes yes whatever
you'll love you yeah what's up reminds
me cream I miss you so much
REME I miss you ah real I miss you more
what about slim miss you Rema have you I
love you more I love you more no I love
you more
Adam say I love you more yeah yes I do
oh yes yes I do
my Marga Micah's
yay so after a long 30 minute brainy
drive we drove in the rain and
everything we finally made it to the the
trampoline place this place is kind of
dead it's like not much people here but
with quite inches this is just a little
area but if you go back to the left is
email of what it was all about to go the
right now they're filling up their
things and yeah oh my God we're here huh
we can play dodgeball right I'm gonna
check with you some soup can SS man SS
we don't do that the less didn't do that
you're about to go on this trampoline
thing oh my god this whole thing's ours
I just notice that there's no one here
it's what it's all your summer and early
autumn fingernails are little kids you
go so this one is only for 7 and older
wholly on slide
I slide down oh yeah
but to go under this my whoa whoa whoa
this is a very good workout for people
who need to break out like to the others
yeah this is a very work this is a very
good work guys like it's good for your
legs and stuff so say this is not only
fun to touch your Jimmy I mean you know
me go go first time go Oh some you never
a gross so let's have a cup of tea let's
see we Cup ties so some let oh you good
I let you beat up - - they they ready
okay whoa oh yeah hard worker Oh
what is the man
try to get a dunking on this Freddie
brown mumble goes for the shot ah
I was mad close
that's both your job as a beast let me
doing a competition put dunks at first
they went so far going so close but hey
Oh Oh my hand
so much time we've done this just for
you that is an adequate or then it might
be short for the life he's all shorter
yeah
Oh
kruky hiccup hiding so we can find out
who the real yes already 100 sick bro
oh I don't say cup oh no steak oh so
cool really good
oh hey ese boys without you
ah so representing SS please go go slip
him got shot ready ice all right now you
just taught me something that really
catch a camera this crazy crazy never
done before stunts he's about to show
you guys live this is the first ever
done by slim so please prepare and enjoy
the show
thank you gosh Rd first husband uh-huh
like that just like that good yeah yeah
yeah
Oh what amazing shot ah I can't I can't
get done something comes with I'll jump
on this boy shake Akbar is about to do
the heavy stock right now I'm a very
heavy stun usually I don't do this and
stuff you know I want to show everything
but they just figure imma good right
ready okay
yeah shake save them hi ah you slowed
down the meat shop amazingly how did you
do this before you guys
ah let's see let's see
hominid jump shot with three atoms all
eight three two one
any hammer times it so guess what's next
dodgeball well this one yeah this one
how he is out
so what's team those teams cpk Chris
played dodgeball I guess two one
guess who are right now I don't blast
all essays we play so many games go
how's it feel like moving this man I
don't expose this yes you did Oh a laugh
user specialist right here so he's
covering his face with you lot thanks ha
ha sorry sorry Adam
everybody next up so we just lost in a
game of dodgeball but it's all good we
want them beginning but after we lost
it's so tiring
yeah I might jump over this man like
very much up over that let's see if we
do this gosh Rd
all right guys it's time to vlog be sure
to give it a thumbs up and go Brioni
hope you guys enjoying our Texas vlogs
ready and good I said go granny and hope
you guys enjoying our vlog so far so
before I end before I end this vlog x1
let you know that right now slimming
errors outside there is driving around
but as you guys know or probably don't
know slimmest scale the dark and he's
scared of the ghost he's scared of JD
scatter everything that's in the dark so
we're gonna pull a prank me and cream
have thought of this genius idea
mostly cream where we're gonna put an
alarm and it's gonna set up in the
perfect timing
we're at the noise you know that in the
scary movies you can hear the babies
going like this well I buy yeah but
something's here really there so we're
gonna set that up and we're having the
right on time while everyone's sleeping
me it's completely dark and yeah if it
goes well well show you two more in
tomorrow's vlog if not we'll let you
know on our Twitter's but till then
thank you so much for watching that's a
wrap peace
member
