hey guys what's up this is Adam and
today I'm gonna show you guys how my
parents reacted of my blondish goldish
ginger ish weirdish hair I decided to
make it into a skit because you guys
decided on the other vlog you guys gave
us so many thumbs up yes this is pretty
much what are you doing other ways in
your room mom I'm sick heavy dude you
okay
I don't know I just I didn't go with the
jacket of the day this is why I always
tell you go outside with five jackets
you want to go outside with no jacket
then you stupid you crazy
next time go outside with five jackets
okay yes I'm okay mama well I'm okay I'm
just I'm just filming this video hello
yes Adam stickey's Murray yes he's sick
okay but hello yes have you be either
mistake what are you doing does
everybody you know again okay bye what
is wrong with you mom get off the phone
what are you gonna talk about of the
phone
oh I haven't the answer mistake right
now he's saying you have to tell the
whole world it is 108 degrees it is
they'll call they all have to know that
you're sick cuz what if you die that
makes no sense
I make no sense you're making no sense
you're too sick you don't know what it
is saying you know what just relax I'm
gonna call just relax okay yell ever so
close go to sleep okay okay yeah I'm
gonna wake you up in two hours to pray
okay okay how do you even know what to
do you know what let's just see how this
goes
yes I pray to my but a week ago we could
go gonna pray again today with my brows
with my brother were you doing nothing
nothing about to cut my toenails I heard
you were sick come sit down let me talk
to you let's go sit - come sit Daniel
let's talk huh
what's he mean no no he's Adams here I'm
here thanks to you next to you that yeah
oh okay that's good that's are you
talking about Ted cuz I was watching
this movie the other day by a bar I mean
I ate mine yes he was his head was black
then after that his hair change you
change it to blunt I don't that's why
not he's a very very nice guy yeah
you're actually right it's like people
would do their hair like that is just
well Mike let me catch one of you guys
dying in there like that will out cut
you into pieces
it's just really weird like I don't know
why people would say really really weird
own people change their hair just like
Eminem like I don't know like can we try
to be Eminem like I think I broke the
knife oh my goodness even if you're sick
you still make the kids laugh that's
what they that's what they love about
you have babies you always make the kids
laugh even if you're sick even if you
said everything okay yeah everything's
okay I'm just playing games with them
it's normal here okay Alana goat's a
goat
it's not a big deal just just wait I
have a plan I have a plan
Uniqua yes it's harmony when you need to
get on my throne right now what is wrong
with you
they said tie on equality is stupid but
it really stopped look I can explain
okay look remember that video I did last
week
like take a chance I took a chance the
big agenda take a chance with this
showing its face stop with you sick and
you're not even money that would to go
hit the medicine then I come back decide
to go pray I was just trying something
new I was I wanted to see you know I
wanted to try something new I didn't
leave right there because I do not want
to see your face but I'm gonna come back
in 24 hours and then 20 foot house but
your head is not back to normal there's
gonna be big big brown eyes I'll change
I promise just I will find you and I
will kill you like the movie taken I
will find you and I will kill you 24
hours
I'm going back to sleep
I cook my throws about a year ago you
did ago I cut them today and I broke my
toe broke my toe
