hey guys just stop right now we're in
Miami Beach said last night in Miami
they lost our land of playlist I've and
you know just joined the weather really
really tired my butt hurts
I cannot twerk or anything like that
because of the cheeky monkey I was doing
yesterday well if you guys do what more
cheeky monkey thumbs up we'll do more in
Orlando New York or wherever you go
London Paris Brussels so let us know in
the comments box you guys want more and
we'll be doing it am I gonna go into
order cuz I'm wearing jeans it's the
worst feeling ever when you go in the
water their jeans get so wet and
eyesight gets so heavy I hate that
feeling so before we leave nasties let's
say his final words to us go free hey
guys time to wrap up this blog hi come
here man Adam he's about CEA's final
words gone before my man leaves the
airport
you're putting on your jacket right now
grabbing you're putting on all right put
on your jacket and come you didn't even
put on your jacket it's hot here yeah
it's hot over here you don't need to put
on a jacket you're coming now
okay I'm waiting for you come to the
airport okay yeah come to the airport
we're going to Orlando now are you gonna
come okay Ella I'm waiting for you dream
I'm coming you come with me you come I'm
waiting for you now you come now you
come you want to talk to shake he's not
here I know he's in the bathroom yeah I
love you Reema you want to talk to slim
all right slim slim Remo I saw you
three more talking yeah harima
Rima I love you Rima I miss you God why
no huh how'd you want to talk to you
that she wasn't gonna take Reema okay
it's all shake huh rerun Reema hi this
is shake huh how you doing we're making
a me do you remember me remember nurse
do you remember nazan yes do you
remember me remember me from UK I miss
you
see
so we go over here he has a surfboard in
there you got a surfboard
eight seven board that's cool man how
are you gonna get it in hi guys so it's
time to wrap up this vlog hope you all
enjoy this life you did makes you guys
give back a thumbs up and go turkey
knives went back to the UK huge shout
out for him for coming through and
showing a lot of love thank you so much
I know he's been getting you know a
couple negative attention and stuff like
that but you know you guys shouldn't
give anyone any negative attention like
that I want I don't know I just feel
like everybody should be you know
positive with each other and just you
know helping each other out even even in
even the comments below I always see
people like tight be like oh is Adam
Jewish or is Sheikh Jewish are like I
don't know I have nothing to get Zeus
people but like people are being trolls
and then cursing other people or just
don't wanna see anything negative
between anybody in the comments below or
on Twitter or anywhere so it makes you
guys keep it positive in the comments
below
kita positive comments below be nice to
each other because yeah that's what we
want be nice to each other like well and
says be kind to one another so yeah
Ellen be kind everybody that's watching
be Khan to one another and yes pretty
much it heading off to our land though
early in the morning and yeah pretty
much it Miami's done what do you do
Jenny what and I stop that because it
smart early morning reality ran a no so
yup so see you guys in Orlando meet you
guys good luck thumbs up and see you
guys then
take care or pitch
