what up guys good morning first of all
because this is earliest we've ever
chills or once in a whi we chilled this
early but yeah good morning it's
freezing cold in New York right now
c-come on and it's called C it says that
no GPS it's so confusing but sometimes
you don't know which way you're going on
Apple iPhone fix you GPS or sat-nav
whatever you wait that's how to use
Apple I use the Google one you're cooler
in it
I travel it for a barbershop to be
honest I'm taking right now the only
prison you should never trust the GPS is
Adam what no I'm gonna be honest my
sister Becky is like a ticket in Yemen
or something this GPS I always go in the
wrong way takes GPS is something else it
takes me duck out let's see let and no
oculi teach you all the places about
that does not single places in America
I'm gonna say um Serena
so one time me and Adam were driving in
California and we were looking at this
place and his you guys told us to go
somewhere and we went there right after
we go there the place to shut down two
years ago
she took all the whole new camera now
but so I'm with my little baby cousin
his name is Dane his real name is
actually Zane and if you guys if you
guys follow me on instagram you gonna
see the first time when it was fun when
he was first born I went to a hospital
took a picture of them and this five
minutes now look at the highs a mean
it's a high no no but I do it okay I
think I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I
love you I love you no Zane sorry no no
they look look look you look cool right
Libby P that's you that's you know so
you finally got into quite quite close
mmm-hmm no wait don't go don't go oh
don't cry don't cry Zane's in don't cry
they say I play we can't leave the
camera take the camera and I'll say I
see hi hi
he's kind of sick right now boy it's a
high Z Z go and talk look he's in me to
do music oh sorry sorry sorry sorry
hmm don't you ever say I just walked
away I was a baby just like my singing
I know sorry sorry
how dramatic no I'm not single nothing
amazing nothing sorry sorry sorry
why not have with me Deena Deena is
always scared for me it's scared of me
for some reason why always scared of me
huh
she cries it's tough fly I think cuz my
hair does my hair escape huh yeah it
does Wow it scares you
I'm sorry I didn't mean to scare you
like that's not my fault
I need me - yes I did of me - I love you
give me kiss
take me to make us come here they're not
a five give me in the end
Mika's o+ you handle tamika's I give
greetings to team a say okay Salaam
alaikum Dean are you doing Dean is just
give you guys greetings the I always
want you I find the Japanese gonna good
job in fact that job you're not skating
me anymore
I'm not freaking anymore huh give me a
smile it tease tease honestly you smile
I'm not gonna leave until Guinness now
Dina Dina Peters won't smile that's it
you know guys the way she does like oh
yeah I see it
good job you smiled in fact if I see God
you know
I'm ready smile okay have five to the
camera say hi hi see Adam Adam Adam say
I love I love love love say love say
Adam fine oh all right guys I'm live we
should because if your thumbs up in
Gorani thank you so much for watching
hope you guys enjoyed hope you guys
enjoyed our videos on 3mh I put mines up
yesterday and I put his up today so if
you guys didn't check it out be sure to
check it out and leave a comment below
like what was your favorite part of what
you enjoy and let us know because oh
yeah so let us know because your
comments is our motivation like this
week's top is motivation remember here
comes our motivation your income is one
that motivates us to do more and
entertain you guys you know I mean so
yeah thank you so much for that and keep
it up
keep up the support because at the end
of the day your support is everything to
us your support brings us to where we
are today and don't ever think that
we're gonna change or anything because
we're always be the same true story NSA
and we'll always be here for you guys
because everything we do is basically
for you guys everything we do is for
entertain you guys so yeah we want to
give a personal shout out to all the
teammates see every single member every
single fan every single supporter every
single part of this team is a family I
want to give you guys a shout out and I
hope you guys continue supporting us for
the rest of your life and get your
husband wife on grandmother grandfather
everyone to support us and enjoy our
videos and if you don't and I'm sorry
that we cannot send you guys and if you
do thank you so much for being
entertained and yeah so yeah that's a
