those the cameraman for us the whole
tour DVD throw your shot at anybody give
me a hold on it sees DVD with everything
so yeah you gonna hop in his studio nice
so check it out outs of free image tools
gone well so far yeah but that's so this
is a nyah nyah
yeah she does what she doesn't like me
she's gonna meet Remo her and Rima gonna
meet each other for the first time we're
just waiting I why you don't wanna be my
friend normally you don't want to be my
friend you season the like twins each
other big huh yeah besties now looks
good
good job you guys like each other huh
yes
yes give on I have a bee buzzes on have
your presents turn one of guys first of
all good morning it's like 2 o'clock
here but which is wake about well for a
photo shoot but you know what lazy as
for always late Wow hey I don't so we
are heading towards the photo shoot
right now as we walk we have to dress
casual and fancy less I'm bringing a tie
and shirt
we're having a magazine photo shoot
right now with MS so you chat out to her
and yeah let's see how this goes when
the woods somewhere
and I think Hamill London I don't know I
don't know where mark London hello
something like that huh when the boys in
London bribes us were so cute right now
don't know what you got boy hmm
I just finished mine cream is up next
two tickets pictures getting ready took
kid and bear said right now cuz we just
took like this place is cool it's like
in the woods like in the middle it isn't
the way it's not liking the way it is in
the way hi missus tomorrow
oh so yeah we're gonna continue our
photo showing into a good photo shoot
yeah and there we have you look very
professional in your photo though you're
like very he's standing like very subtle
stiff was that stiff I look great no you
look mad awkward right here you're like
you know giggles all right Wow Wow
everybody
Adam is up right now he's on his yeah
you know stuff so he makes me want to
punch me in the face I still owe that
sometimes even though I want to shoot
you even though I like late even though
there's a bus about to hit on behind the
driver seat I still know you know I want
to throw you off a bridge and then make
you drown and then pick you back up and
then make you John again I guess 11 min
after so long you'll find the camera she
still hates look it's love hits up no
sir I don't
we love what do you mean myself shut
Hemme no reason
since this I gave you JA remember are
you Mikey
oh six a slim bad okay you're bad
we go we've got room here
rumors do wake up hey wake up even
realize I sleep
can she take you home yeah what that one
yeah okay my lot yes yo Chinese are you
good I just got off the bride ago free
mhm pick up Anna
Kareem chick slim they did amazing
um row I still want a rematch we had
agents was actually saying it was an
amazing time is always fun it's always
fun I love to you at this game those
games do really well but they got free
soon we'll have a rematch and we need to
have that remark was amazing
it's really cool she gave me a kiss of
you gonna give me give them a goodbye
kiss so sweet the way kiss like thank
you
finally no not mad at you no matter her
she always I matter right we just
finished the variety show is amazing
time we're here with the homies or that
you shot over comfortable let me know
name eMac you man Selena sad and tons
yeah I know their name and nozzle back
some cream Annika yeah yeah thank you
guys let me see what's up fun
rather obviously we have this we're
supposed to hear from all of you
oh yeah this is like a Brooklyn Oh how's
it go
losses question
this is a Brixton
brinson Brixton no I don't get some food
right now I'm sorry man yeah man we all
smoke RZA from what country now what the
city you came
therefore her you're not from there -
yeah yeah I do man remember me huh you
remember me
we work together man going to school -
really yeah
I was in several secondary school
you either knew I was in Halloween you
got free are you like the gangster of UK
you guys are not the gangsters of UK I
want to see the gangsters gangsters of
UK you don't come I gotta be a dog like
it up sorry nonsense
you got some cases of UK no not hey I'm
trying like some gangstas man
using uh
the gangster UK
good boy no I know you're a bad boy your
mama told me that you really got bad boy
huh I'll take it - before I'm gonna take
the too busy we'll take it together
who's that man how'd you guys I'm a jerk
I'll see you soon Oh that'll lead to two
we are at manor house Publix I don't
know where that boats cool today there's
such a tiring day then but we're up to
our last interview at BBC Asian Network
big ups to you guys walking right now
previous to the ninth radio ends if you
wanted it's pretty cool yeah check out
who do right now you do I hear some
I in my head when I was good
hello half baby I need a woman find me
okay oh please don't kick me out please
I got so it's time to wrap up this vlog
I am back in New York City I missed the
UK so much I just want to give a huge
shout out to everybody came out to our
shows - at the UK tour it was a truly an
amazing experience was amazing time
meeting you all and thank you guys so
much for all the gifts you guys gave you
guys gave so much chocolates I think I
have a lifetime supply of chocolate for
me Rima and my whole family so thank you
guys so much for that the letters the
clothing the hats the gifts you guys
even gave my parents thank you guys so
much and my parents say thank you guys
so much and it truly means the world to
them and to me so another thank you for
the if you're so wait to be back home in
New York so I got so used to being in
the UK I'm sorry we couldn't do some
vlogs when we're at the but we're so
busy focusing on our shows and making
you guys smell meeting you guys in
saying what's up talking with you guys I
really hope you guys enjoyed it I do not
know when we'll be back to the UK
because this whole issue going on I
spoke about it with my mom and I told
you guys on Twitter I had to explain
myself which I really hate explaining
myself because so many people just
assume stuff and jump into conclusions
but I did explain to my did explain
myself on Twitter and I spoke with my
mom when mom said it's best not to make
a video about them because you're just
gonna add on to the whole issues gonna
continue on she said I already explained
myself on Twitter so just ignore it and
leave it like that if anybody wants to
say anything or say me hate ignore that
and just continue on with life and stay
positive and yeah she gave me this whole
talk you feel so much better I just
don't like being blamed for something
that I didn't do to be honest I feel
like this whole issue is just really
childish and pointing out all the
mistakes and I do I'm not perfect I
never said I was perfect I just don't
like when people curse my life out and
say I'm this or that curse my family out
and they never ever even met me but I
won't even let that get to me I just
wanna continue on making videos making
vlogs every single day I was so sad not
making vlogs every single day because I
got so used to doing it so used to
seeing you guys you know tweeting me
telling me oh I watch this vlog or just
like the next day in the next day after
that so if you guys do not want me to
make a video and just ignore all this
hate and just continue on with AC daily
vlogs and continue on with life give
this like extra thumbs up if you guys
don't want me to make a video explaining
and continuing this whole situation
leave a comment below
me why if not I don't know I feel like
my mom always knows the right things and
just she says this hate going on this
room is going on just ignore it and just
continue on with your life let them say
what they want let them do what they
want and just continue on his life could
see me doing what you love doing best
and making people smile and not you know
just focusing on the hate because when
you keep focus on the hate or Nikki
focus on negativity it'll just bring
more negativity and more attention on
the negativity and the issue and it will
just be a whole longer issue and a
longer drama that it will be so useless
so yeah I'd even know what I'm saying
I'm so jet lag I saw had an amazing time
and I will never figure all of you guys
truly mean the world to me thank you all
for everything you guys have done
everything you guys have done throughout
the whole tour throughout the whole
years happy third year anniversary -
true story AAS a thank you guys so much
I mean from the bottom of my heart you
guys truly made me a stronger person
made me a better person I'm still going
up I'm still learning in this 2015 I
want to continue on with a city of lives
continue I'm making you guys smart in
you out of making more videos doing more
towards doing more shows doing a lot
more things comes to a lot more
surprises without you know being
disrupted by people hating being
destructed by a lot of negativity
because I don't I feel like I always let
it get to me when I just I really need
to stop letting it get to me and I need
to just grow out of it just ignore it
learn to ignore learn to be strong and
just ignore everything and continue on
making you guys smell but inshallah I
can be strong enough to do that so
hopefully everything will be alright and
we're going to continue on with a CD a
box with tomorrow I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another take the vlogs
make sure you guys give this one a
thumbs up and go Turkey
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
pitch I love you I miss you and I miss
saying that I love you I love you I love
back we are back we are back we are back
Oh
