hey guys I'm Adam and I'm Shay
we are true story a si and today we have
a couple announcements well just
probably just one announcement and a
drum roll like this ah all right as you
guys know we do a sa daily vlogs so
starting February 1st we are going to be
doing a sa gaily rinse yeah so basically
you guys inspired us to come up with AC
daily rates because we had a lot of
tweets a lot of messages from you guys
saying which uh to talk about like I
talked about they talked about that so
now your issue yes some some of you were
going on like going through a lot of
issues you guys want us to talk about it
so we're going to sa daily rinse tweet
us as much as you can comment on this
video just topics any topics any stuff
you're going through that we can help
you out and we're gonna be doing every
day from February first a topic every
single day and uploading onto this
channel um hashtag is the daily rant
with whatever topic you want or whatever
you want to talk about cuz when we click
on the hashtag we'll be choosing one
from there to talk about every single
day you're not the same time every day
is a different topic
yup now I mean yeah starts February 1st
and we're so excited because we love
making videos for you guys we're not
seeing the feedback we get we love
uploading video and seeing you guys
react like oh I love that part I love
this part just it's an amazing feeling
so I cannot wait start this is something
new we do love those lives now it's ACLU
writs and hopefully we can help you guys
get through with whatever you're going
through anybody's messing with you guys
you know we let it you know yo what
we're really a video oh it won't be I'm
holding it down no could you see them
though
man I'm legally blind you'll be holdin
it down
I know jokes aside um yeah we're
starting a daily rants and we want just
a better way to communicate all this
together so yeah let us know the topics
all the issues I want to talk about
every single day for February first we
were gonna be doing it yeah it's a new
segment to our channel so stay tuned and
if you guys haven't subscribed to this
channel
we're almost on 300,000 subscribers
subscribed make sure you guys subscribe
and thumbs up and yeah thank you guys so
much any love you guys always show it
just this truly means a lot Suzi
we never thank you guys together of
stuff like that so thank you guys so
much for that and if you guys haven't
subscribed to our main channel at
youtube.com slash is it / yes / true
story a si that's our main channel and
another announcement somehow supposed to
give away I just keep the shakes Houston
I'm making so much noise it's already
want to clog your mother probably hates
me but yeah the giveaway is this there's
gonna be two winners two winners two
prizes surprise basically this is what
you gotta do you gotta follow funnel on
shake on Instagram I histograms are
right here Adam
solidly fake and basically what you have
to do you got a comment as much as you
can on my post and his posts both of our
posts and in February 15th and be sure
to also follow follow follow I don't
know like comment subscribe yeah yeah
and February 15 we're gonna be choosing
the winners I'm gonna choose a winner
from my Instagram like scrolling like
that close my eyes and just choose
whatever shake is gonna be choosing a
winner my mind's hand from his design
like this and I'm gonna legally blind
you're legally blind don't I see
everything
yeah you guys will not know what day
will be choosing will be a day between
from now until February 15 in between
will be choosing someone to fill me get
but won't announce the winners
why not Valentine's Day until February
15th when is Valentine's Day 14 oh wow
you didn't know that Wow cool
Valentine's Day man I never haven't
Valentine you're my valentine
oh yeah that's me to light me up a
speech shake the house ballantine and
then I was eight to go
would you yes yes yes watch it metal up
aren't you yeah shake up were even
Valentine
I'd love to
alright are you too chicken alright
sufficient amount of time let me just
choking there alright alright you see
I'm aggressive I'm uh I'm a tough love
all right so yeah you end up and the
prize is our drumroll all right so for
the two winners two winners we will be
going to your city your city and having
dinner with you with you with you right
there with you see you right there with
you it's gonna be like my changes like
this like even when the night changes
what you like this it won't never change
then I thought I you take the spaghetti
can you just spill it on shake now
serious but we're gonna find out to your
city whatever it's at it can be Florida
can be New York advantage article smooth
we having children at our vacation there
are meeting right there and we're gonna
see you also having dinner with you for
the two prizes that we choose from his
disagreeing and my Instagram and also
will be sliding that's not all but what
you know I'm not that buddy boy you guys
thought it over
there's one more that we can add to this
we're gonna be send you guys surprise
gifts you're gonna have to give us your
address to the two winners and we're
gonna send you guys a lot of stuff we
don't want to say it everyone's talking
a lot of a lot of like gifts from us
personally from us and we're gonna send
it to your home address and is it going
to be a lot of stuff from us that we're
gonna sign rimas gonna sign his brother
is gonna sign and yeah
if you don't think that's cool cool
enough for you to join the giveaway then
I guess I don't carry doing it you don't
you know if you think it's cool enough
and you want to join join the giveaway
so come through join everyone is welcome
to join
yeah AC daily rents a see daily vlogs
and the giveaway and iSmart it's Pete my
chick see you guys tomorrow and that's a
wrap
take care peace I love you what's
decision I don't got it right homie what
is this up here mashallah mashallah
brother
you
