no Mima told you stay with me for 24
hours please hey guys what's up a doobie
gang this is Adam Salah I am here at the
new Adams family house where every day
is a big big day a lot of you guys have
been asking me Adam what's your
confession you're back home in New York
City say your confession and you guys
are right I did say I'm gonna say the
confession once I'm back home but I do
me getting I'm gonna wait until the new
Adams family member is revealed in the
vlogs which is on December 9th tomorrow
tomorrow is gonna be the reveal of my
niece she's gonna be the oldest girl in
the vlogs who's part of the Adams family
so about my confession I'd rather wait a
few days after she's revealed because I
don't want it to get in the way of me in
here so I really hope you guys respect
my decision and just to let you guys
know it's nothing I don't know I don't
think it's that I don't think it's
nothing bad so don't worry just wait a
couple days be patient subhan jameelah I
love you guys and let's get the day
started with as I told you guys I'm
getting my license real real soon and
after I get my license I'm gonna choose
a car I do not know what kind of car
yeah I'm thinking about BMW i8 or Tesla
SUV I don't know you guys tell me what
kind of car is good Mercedes what should
i do first I need to get my license ever
ha what do you mean
Oh huh
I'm kind of short can he become a music
yeah yeah go ahead
oh yeah how do you put the radio on stop
okay go stop cool hi guys I just got
done driving I didn't want to vlog and
drive because that's really really
dangerous do not do that especially for
youtuber Obama how did I Drive was I
good it was that bad
very good Loki I Drive really really
good like in the camera I mess around I
pretend that I'm not that good but I'm
actually a fast good driver so I'm
telling the car that I'm getting soon is
gonna be a fast fast car I'm up below
I'm gonna go zero to 80 real quick
I'm gonna go 100 miles per hour why not
I want to be the fast and furious pony
my law is 100 yeah no my dad got me said
I can get whatever I want anything
anything I wanted is on him I'm getting
really bad hi guys I'm driving home I
wanna say thank you so much Baba he just
gave me and the whole kid so much snacks
he's like no I got this it's on me I'm
gonna give you all these snacks thank
you so much we all sure do me I'll see
you guys in the next shot get do boss
snacks for you I got them a sit-down
show eat my snacks and in Rima beam you
inside the secret room you ready yeah
it's knuckle-touch
you sure you could do it you're not
scared look you kind of scared we're
gonna see how it goes i me right now and
I'll see you guys in the next shot do me
gig it's time me and Rima we're about to
do the 24 hour challenge inside the
secret room you sure you're not scared
cuz last time you were crying yeah
No so do me a mean Remo we dressed up
comfortably we have our earmuffs on I
hear like penguin I have my brown ones
and I got a shirt and past I don't mind
sleeping I also got this captain Arab
America shield
huh well it's mine now just in case
there's a person there or there's
another letter I can block them but
before we go and do me any I want you
guys to subscribe thumbs up a butcher
notifications on occasion because we
upload every single day on truly
appreciate everything one you guys let's
try to get 30,000 thumbs up do vegans
not 30,000 thumbs up and do me in
because we risking our lives today so
remind let's go get some food some water
and let's go go update see how it goes
ready hi do Mia in the next shot you
guys what you guys will see us what we
owe you our 20 flight and and we're
doing the 24 challenge that means either
six-hour challenge neither Tony flat-out
Ivan no prima we're both doing 24 just
cuz you're six doesn't mean you have to
do a six-hour challenge and I'm 24 we're
let's go look who's here what are you
diapers okay
you nasty what is to wear diapers you're
three no I'm not for you three get three
years old do your big boy you're the
little sister don't hit me I'm strong
nasty his diapers like poop free but
let's go get food let's go get food what
should we get first huh let's get water
you can't reach it
so Dee pick her up what's next
let's go Christmas tree what's this Doug
stop you better don't hit me they're
trying to get babies why do you wanna
get babies what do you want to want to
get babies
I can't babies I don't want a baby like
that though you don't me to have babies
yeah guys remote doesn't want me to have
babies oh why do you want me to have
babies a little jealousy side what else
do you get huh what do mean a knife for
what thank you that means you you need
to kill him Oh so should we get a knife
what the heck Karim up
why are you automatically thinking
you're not gonna don't worry you're not
gonna bad but let's let's get a knife
okay fine
what's up I have the knife with me just
in case man I know this place is haunted
it's scary also and I'll get you guys
about the letter in that secret room I
also have my phone as a flash let's see
if we cannot survive ready okay and
water that's all we need we don't need
much what the 24 hours I yeah it's only
24 hours no 24 24 you know what I'm not
taking the night then if they get you
they get you
yes welven noise come buddy get it 5:20
for both of us okay guys look you're not
scared
Remo says she's not scared oh my god man
we're gonna be living here for the next
24 hours I'm gonna go first
whoa oh my god Wow guys the quiet energy
just got quiet
oMG Remo we'd have pillows pillow that's
it come on shorty
gimme this you war no yes you're what
another one come on shorty that's it yes
you are then what are you you're tall
well come on do I need to grab your hand
I'm gonna just come come on sit down
whatever you know something
all right guys do me Gant we're inside
the secret room so I'm here to update
you guys about the note so I asked my
whole family members literally every
single family member if they did it all
of them said what lunch means I swear to
God in Arabic except for one family
member who tell me was unexpected who it
was who I think it was so we're gonna
see how it goes I'll keep you guys
updated with that I don't want to snitch
or something think so yeah we're still
not 100% confirmed but it might be her
we'll keep you guys updated
alright guys it's been like an hour and
my butt's starting to hurt things over
here is so uncomfortable so I'm gonna
lay down and put my head on the pillow
okay Nami ma told you we stay with me
for 24 hours please wow you're strong
okay
so uncomfortable right what what game
don't count a million please all right
guys we don't fell asleep right now but
Mawson woke me up guys Rima is nothi
what happened you're scared
so leave them this dude is leaving us he
Park you're such a punk
I mean Vemma just woke up for a mini nap
so hungry and bored are you bored yeah
what you want to play
I have being it well uh guys what am I
like is no money country let's get it I
don't feel my like I don't feel my leg
it's like shots on my leg Rima this this
leg so now Holloway I'm just letting it
so no what do you want the nice words go
down just going on go down go down one
love is fire wall else fight in spiral
this is fine well there's a freaking
spider go down people go down as a
spider
you're disgusting as a spider does the
fetus fight oh my god yo does a spider
in do me gang we saw a scary big spider
there oh my god it was so creepy
so we've heard something you know
something crawling in a so so creepy do
me gang up so so sorry but that's the
longest we're gonna go up there we're
only in there for a few hours
yes I feel like I feel like the air
inside was not that good like dirt in
the air and like I was just breathing oh
it's nasty I don't think I'm ever gonna
go to the secret room ever again never
ever again
oh thank you mustn't that's so sweet
oh he wants to hug you guys thank you
boxes that okay do me getting it it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed this vibe we did make sure you
give it a thumbs up subscribe for daily
videos put your notifications on because
tomorrow is that big big day where Hamza
and Hylas older sister the new Adams
family member will finally be shown in
vlogs tomorrow 3 p.m.
stay tuned to do begin because the stock
when
I hope you guys are ready because this
is gonna be the first time ever where an
older niece of mine is gonna be in the
videos so I'm super super excited to
have her in the videos that do be a
tomorrow
stay tuned I love you guys I see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace I love
you turn in it shade swear to god II
shouldn't pain willing gives you yeah my
baby makes them Yemen aid they replace
I'll new today I'll treat the playing
like a nuva
if that makes me imagine this
