so good man Condor you you don't have
school yeah really
Wow because why huh
diet coz coz coz what okay what she said
to him huh
no she she can't go outside that's why
it's too cold
she's it cuz it's was I it's Colin Oh
Jim out he's like my translator for Rima
for baby language cuz you know he's in
between he knows how to speak real
language and he also knows how to speak
baby language
so whatever Rima says or Deena says he
knows the translation for that so
congratulations you're my translator
humor sit down
she hit she hides her stuff her the ring
under the necklace that she got in her
book bag what did she say she said
necklace necklace C I would've never
thought she said necklace a necklace
oh all right whatever we was gonna say
you're gonna translate it okay
Rima say something talk to me huh what
did she say
Challenge challenge see I would never
knew what she said tellers I swear
how do you know good special are you
smart Bachelor reason see something
awesome see something nothing what
nothing what you said
lotion yeah nothing so we're okay
hi Rima say one more word one more word
see another way what is it
well what was it flowers you like how do
you how do you know what like I don't
I'm never understand I have to ask him
out if you guys don't know Mawson is
rimas baby brother so they're both
brother and sister and they're brother
and sister
next cousins Oh Marcin yeah come on sure
that smile they always given up so
cheese
jeez tick tick tick tick de casa
excuse me Kaos do me a favor real quick
just hold up like two minutes I'm use
the bathroom it's literally right there
yeah stay with them for two minutes okay
I'm use the bat that's right here ah
where is it this one
are you
yeah do item yoga yeah I gosh I'm sorry
I know this is really given when i'm
penka some where's she are you kidding
me no you who are you joking on that
joke why would you give him why would
you give it to
are you joking are you serious go get
him what would you do oh my god are you
serious where is he I don't see him oh
my god you gave away my kid you gave
away my kid no I didn't know I can't say
something come go we're just recording a
video the camera right there you're
right I'm sorry
excuse me I um you need a bathroom for
like two minutes but I'm going to the
boys back can hold up like two minutes
oh sure all right thank you something
holding under two minutes sir sir ah
excuse me where she
why would you give away to another dude
man why would you give away my baby
don't you like it
you're like if I take this on how do you
want to deny an eye in a grab your
guitar boy my baby away excuse me I'm
gonna use a bathroom for like a minute
hey just take care of like just a minute
if you can please if you can't just a
minute
you
what up guys so I just got I just opened
up my new ps4 setting up right there and
how many minutes is it seven minute
remaining so till then let me just show
you nothing me excited what gives you on
Glee ah better dad Oh wonderful No oh
say scary game okay Oh lots of us yeah
he's really scared so watch out you said
that you might not get sleep at night
it's really scary he's getting on oh
won't you okay oh they took it off oh
yeah
a grey face cool I you look like brace
face you soon yeah I can't hear you uh
hey what do you think I don't know
mother
my dad is falling upstairs to sleep but
he doesn't want to go why'd you want to
go why I'm blue I'm blue that him a
little closer you stay close I'm gonna
give you a dear can you do it yeah
alright the Dare is is you down there
there's Sunkist and seven up I'm gonna
mix it and I would give it to you what
are you drinking if I could drink milk
with Coco like you drink milk with
coca-cola it's just horrible right hey
what can you do this one remember when I
decide stinging the science project
oh yeah I remember yeah and then there's
you mix them together and then see fresh
you're sitting up and then lowered down
and I just drink it
oh yeah hi so let's do this right you
ready alright so as you guys know I just
dared him to do something and go do it
go first
first put the 7up in your mouth like
half way and I put circus
I'm a scientist Oh you drank it I heard
that Genki Teeter parity really get
amigos here
okay I'm gonna put makeup on really no I
just
I'm just ice one just no that's hard to
get off to corn it's Adam I shadow start
to get off if you put it on he's he
hosted by Sheldon it's okay no it's not
okay can cause pimples come on has to
come
what are you skill I it is different if
you can make a bungee Chuck knows really
good for you come on Rosie home she
messed up his course so badly he's
getting chased by cops this the cool
thing when he gets chased back up his
thing starts mighty we got right there
says red what up guys so I just met up
with slim see what else I have
so we're we are through oh man I'm kind
of hungry son so you're walking down the
city yo man I love this time of year I'm
not alive like okay yet a holiday spirit
yeah man it's like everybody's chilling
every smiling and the lights are so
beautiful man you know I'm saying but
we're gonna be in like UK about time
it's actually Christmas so we can't see
the Christmas show side we can you cares
Christmas tree - I'm pretty sure really
no oh yeah I never seen the UK Christmas
so we're gonna see how UK vs America
your home sign no I'm sure these guys
wing shorts in the bottom and a jacket
on top if he goes to balance like this
moves in leopard so this is what I mean
about when the holiday season is come
around me
so beautiful you all right hold yourself
No
hi guys that's down to vlog we should
consider thumbs up and go beyond II
thank you so much for watching hope you
guys enjoyed our video that we just
recently put up we put up today so if
you guys didn't watch it be sure to
watch it it's basically about how Adam
left FEMA with the random stranger and I
came in and and basically go go check it
out and see what you guys think comment
on that video gets a video a thumbs up
and be sure to share it there's some
crazy reactions there's some reaction
that I very that were very unexpected
this reaction that you know you expected
but go check it out and let us know what
you think before I'm not gonna play a
game it finally installed I'm playing on
what's they called I'm gonna be playing
The Last of Us
I think I'm not sure exactly what titles
but I'm about to play that it came in to
ps4 so yeah I'm gonna play then there's
play some GTA 5 and I'm gonna cap so
good night and see you tomorrow
peace
member
