what up guys so I just got to I just got
to Union few rooms meet up with Adam but
I came about 20 30 minutes late because
because today the holiday so it's kind
of the Chilean go bit slow but from his
text it seems like he's really mad
because he came here about 30 minutes
ago so I'm not calm right now and almost
we're gonna say it's probably to be mad
you probably have a fit on your it hello
y'all come to Starbucks next DQ's where
some box next to DQ you're working too
deep you oh yeah I'm coming over
I guess I'm wrong here she took it very
nicely usually like you'll come to
Starbucks I'm right here isn't that this
place is usually very crowded today it's
so dead
cuz of Thanksgiving so I just met up
with Adam
I was surprising your math you know I
require your phone call the other thing
you're like you shiver the hell you guys
hey Shay I'm not like you yeah okay
usually usually the guy's a madman
pretty like you're without children
turkey is really cold and I promise this
is the last day you're gonna keep my
hair like this I'm gonna cut it tomorrow
I will not make my hair like this anyway
unless you guys really like it and I'll
keep the bummed up and I like
everybody's getting their turkeys itself
putting turkey pictures on Instagram and
I just finished eating a chocolate chip
cookie and it is sheiks favorite holiday
Black Friday in a few hours
hey I found the turkey go Turkey on his
blog and thumbs up I kind of look like
slim though
don't y'all is lovely I think I said you
just come next Wakana to me twinsies
Urban Outfitters got a 50% off sale of
everything for the people who don't know
what's Black Friday it's not just a
Friday and they call it I don't even
know why they call it Black Friday but
it's just like a sale like a sale by
where my red Friday I don't know I can't
be blue Friday it was my hope right is
it they were SEC sale all over America
do you guys have in our countries leave
it down below do you got one interesting
us happen you don't have it yet we're on
the air I heard something westfield
apparel is called in london UK I'm not
under there I think they might do they
might do Black Friday and UK now this
probably started I heard but it's
impossible they go crazy with it in
America like it gets so crowded
sometimes people even here not yet
people keep us like I just want to say
I'm thankful you know brother over here
yeah from Bangladesh she's my bestest
friend in the whole world
- godless OMH and yeah
no I got this kid been in the bathroom
for over 30 minutes now
yo bro you ain't in 30 minutes man hurry
up
oh it's we doing number one or two zero
whistle but the helmet is arrow broke in
three over territory on
I'm moving the door alright so yeah
we're heading to Chris place right now
he has a whole meal ready first and you
invite us over so I'm so happy you're
decided I'll be trying to it let me
shake up if you're hungry Shane have
some rare creepers house right now
he is stop playing games come on shows a
sniper man get him in one shot Oh y'all
you miss you miss boom oh cool oh you
gotta be you get to take a selfie in
Grand Theft Auto so the I fruit or than
a clinical iPhone go ahead a there is
the same picture you chicken love it
everyone yeah that's a good bitch just
like that and when I was amazing oh yeah
yeah that's why he's a man that's creepy
dude to do like a smile make as well
easy yeah yeah hardened and nothing this
month like a filter he's like shaking
yeah but I guess my buzz really do
Valencia yeah so we have this amazing
food by Koreans brother midget thank you
so much Michelle oh so you'd shout out
brand making this movie now I don't know
but they make school for this to be
looms to clean
all right so right now we're heading to
the wild look how many blues in the
backseat
today we're gonna go Black Friday bus
this is Korea's favorite day because
everything on discount it Shakespeare
yeah Rome you're shopping in Black
Friday and yes is crowded line are you
guys blind is hugely except so Carter
now chip here and we're the front of
lines Toby handling on they just
starting so money am house where she
started so Bobby's just a beginning we
could probably to see so far it's cold
man right
we freezing up in here man listen tell
mother stood shake why am I gonna do
this the giving a frontline the game
piece board with Grand Theft Auto 5 she
got it they got more right hand what
elbows yeah
sorry for you
hello
thank you I'm gonna be selling clothing
I'm going to
Oh
we come
professional Facebook do other people
Oh
mate what's up Julie hey so on
well stores oh my god one direction for
Oh Adam guys lost Adam where's Adam Adam
I know you know you I think of it out no
okay sorry sorry
so you love me if we check the camera
again they can't rush it on Twitter this
is the awkward elevator ride how you
doing
other side
Brown direction hey I'll be right there
broad direction you step out
I'm an so very round direction no good
sup man sup well you coming to take
pictures yeah of course I got from you
know love take a picture brown
directionally that suicide I write the
mall right now and it's not that Crowder
oh yeah the dog barking right here yeah
what you was you had let me see was it
the right there sucks missing another
baby sister Tina's who my baby brother
you know my baby sister she's your baby
sister yeah rest if you guys don't know
Dina and Jamel they're their brothers
and sisters Rima okay okay okay and and
Rima is their cousin they're both my
nieces and he's my nephew I have like so
many nieces and nephews about AB tens
and tens of nieces and nephews but the
ones that are only shown in a sea of
lags the only ones who work who can be
shown on camera and they're the only one
to a part of the a a the a s a family
which is Hamza hella Rima uh Jamel Deena
Mawson okay or is it they're all part of
the a team a is a family so is this like
that's our crew as a whole quarter also
shakers for the family
shakes brother Eric shake other brother
Eamonn and the sister my Munna they were
all part of the ACA family yeah what do
you what do you what are you doing the
craziest a family what are you doing
stop what are you smelling its feet you
see your head looks nice to get him
don't look like a Papa okay hi guys it's
time to wrap up this vlog hope you all
enjoy the flag if you did make sure you
guys get a like thumbs up and go turkey
it is about 6 10 a.m. is 6 10 a.m. right
now we just got home from Black Friday
shopping
I didn't do that Machop engine belt like
a shirt chick did a lot of shopping so
you know Shakespeare validate today so
if you chat up to shake we'll see you
guys tomorrow with another AAA daily
vlogs a new video will be up Saturday at
1 p.m. Eastern Time Saturday 1 p.m. so
you guys want to count down with us I'll
see you guys then take care and peace I
love
