what up guys so I just finished
recording my rant I was gonna do it last
night I got so tired so I ended up doing
it in the daytime I woke up started like
11 o'clock and he's also special feature
in it he's gonna be playing a girl who
gets you know I'm not I would say go
check out the 3mh video that I posted up
it's going up right now like legit
10 minutes uploading right now but yeah
when this video comes out already be out
so be sure to check that out on 3mh
YouTube channel and tell me what you
think comment below of what your
favorite part was or comment on that
video and let me know I just met up with
so - slim and our song is officially
done you should listen to it right now
it's it's awesome how does that sounds
very super great yes so the song is
finally out we're gonna do the music
video soon and I'm saying I'm really
excited because after hearing this sound
like official mp3 this is so official
next I saw how especially my signal good
job at all the seismic aspect
so yeah I'm looking forward to this and
it should be out hopefully by the second
week of December that's so well thought
out oh yeah and the spirit is always
proud of no matter what you created
we haven't been here in a while because
of how cold of us cuz we can't walk and
I'm vlogging same time is very difficult
and it's like I don't know we just could
have come here but we came out so long
and it's still really crowded slim has
never been on the ferris wheel so I'm
gonna take him all right now you ready
it's mascara I don't even own this
little school though so selfish I'm
excited for it man let's do this so we
just got a ticket and everyone here it's
kid what's your name yes I the inverse
of the kids who three kids they
presently naked huh how the earth
yeah we did seems like older guys I'm
scared too Kim look there properly
yes ha I stopped again oh I stopped
again and what does keep stuffing just
like bricks and stuff go to pollute it
goes
Sid may take you passionate I keep
asking it's white I want a toy yeah
no toy throw it inside can't see what
guys when I was a kid when I was when I
was a kid in my childhood I'm a I I
don't I I can do this is people start
like me that's when you're evil that's
when your ego gets hired
also I want also to play ball like you
know that's what social media wouldn't
so that's what the social media is
nowadays like so that's basically what
social media is now what I learned from
cyber bullying you know another thing
with such a high Shay oh these girls
they go on these makeup
these girls they go on these these girls
they go on these makeup videos they
gonna make hi guys it's time with a vlog
thumbs up and go granny thank you so
much for watching and thank you so much
follow the support hope you guys enjoyed
that ferris-wheel and bloopers and my
throw is still kind of itching stuff but
trailers should be getting better and
hopefully if everything goes well today
we have a new video coming out and if
not we'll keep you informed so be sure
to follow us on Twitter and Facebook
where we'll let you guys know because
the video is still under editing and
we're still working on it so we should
be done with the end should be up by
today if not it'll be up by Saturday
Sunday by the weekend well we'll
definitely you know so look out for that
and yeah that's a wrap peace
