hey guys yourself right now we are at
Pennsylvania we're gonna be doing
paintballing and I didn't know we're
gonna piss Devine I thought we're going
to Long Island then the bus dropped us
off in Pennsylvania it's my first time
doing paintballing the only thing I did
before was laser tag so it's gonna be
really exciting a really crazy blog it
feels like we're going to war right now
single verse thing with these people
you look so good they came ready with
guns and like this whole outfit oh my
god guys you guys ready we're almost
here gonna go to our lockers put our
stuff inside three vs. US Air Force two
are fighting us like this is crazy it's
not fair just do already haven't done
this on the cold so I'm here with the
homies Roxy what up what's up ready so I
got my pen grenade radio I thought about
a presentation yeah you already know I
know how do I do it like I let it go
like yeah Mad Dog I got it when you're
ready yeah take this yeah they're gonna
pull this guy was gonna come on yeah
hold in your hand
toss it that's cool never hits a hard
surface high so now we dishing off a
good thanks
playing ball is a possibility whatsoever
you know guys I don't think it a blog in
there but I'll try to blog whatever we
can mr. Bosley going down
what's up things up that I do okay thank
you right across the road over here guys
get filled up with air cities have
paintballs look awesome
that is crazy they're cool this hurts
look guys
this way from its Brooklynites from
brooklyn manhattan so we represent New
York City with PA
we're gonna do this Red Team versus
yellow ready to the first time second
time
first time is my first time too so don't
matter if we get hit
you gotta take it like a man take it
like a champ the Air Force I messed up
are you worried hey son nice and nice
huh LD ten ten years old and he's doing
it nice you chat it's Leonard it's
really good
do you say AC locks gonna see you guys
we got the same a more we already know
just about ready going anything - is
waiting Red Team go up you know I won't
need it
teammate don't ever in your life let me
see
the mob guys when you get shot cop with
a dead dog it's up guys no it's not that
safe alright you gotta keep your goggles
on because Tamaki governor's try to that
side or if you want to keep goggles off
you gotta stay behind the net I say
ready start I mean Leonard goodbye to do
it so far we're going to huh we're going
to the second floor
so what's the plan what's your plan what
are you gonna do alright sounds dope you
gonna look out for me yeah buddy yes sir
up gone we got against the treatment
recover keep your elbow Levin nice it's
a little big man just go out like this
nice limb the kid cream the kid
sighs I'm hiding here guys I got some
bullets in I'll show some people I'm
home
what so scared I'm alone this is so
scary
I'm a little smooth one that's cream
right there look you took over the team
but you got shot in the face oh my god
this is so good it's over dude I know
we're going to the castle feel what
happens if you shoot somebody the head
huh I talking about the key and that
yeah you're gonna get knocked out I know
you guys shot in the head you get
knocked out and you take a nap like you
saw going to sleep beside you shout out
to everybody who has to like scary man
I'm doing this team a say this is this
is war
don't we have you guys here with us in
doing it but it's all good prices on the
fast was born the team after one and get
the flag so the flag runners runners
good luck
Adams go ready
we got this valley
come on come on come on boy I got six
people
people here having a bonfire good cool
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you all enjoy his vlog if you
did make sure you guys give like a
thumbs up and go turkey it was a really
long day we went all the way to
Pennsylvania two hours away and came all
the way back stayed in the paintballing
spot for about six seven hours huge
shout out to everybody we came out with
so much fun - George legit cream shake
slim all of us all team each team and
everybody George's brother and everybody
was there Rob that we've met you guys
were amazing it was nice it was awesome
time hopefully we can do it again next
time I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another ace a daily vlogs I'm gonna be
filming tomorrow with Rima and this time
is for sure I'm not gonna oversleep so
I'll see you guys tomorrow
you guys having our tix for 3mh tour
make sure you guys get your tickets
because you guys do not want to miss out
for the UK tour we're gonna have in
December less than a month away I cannot
wait I'm so excited
I'll see you guys then take care and
peace I love you
