Deena I'll see you in a couple days I'm
going to Texas take care of it say
bartimaeus a say bye
welp guys good morning first of all and
I guess this is it
right now packed up already - this might
look small but the trust me there's a
lot of stuff in there I'm all ready to
be out to Texas I painted a bright now
say my last farewells mmm
the way I'll be back in the 40s all
right be sure to call me okay call me
every day I do leave the country I still
have served okay
I don't forget some off to the airport
right now I got my luggage on deck and
I'm about to go meet up with the Mendham
I'll let you go meet up with Sloane
Freeman with some Kamerion Adam and then
we're out to the airport I'm looking
forward to Texas my first time there
well guys so we just got off the bus and
we is heading towards the airport
finally there's another trip this guy's
brother luck it's like she's gonna be
for a year something thank you - he's
too young to get married
I got my smaller than usual
so we finally made it past security at
home do this security was so easy like
they they didn't tell me anything
there's scan my past friend went through
this hole that's a good way to start off
this trip right now we're leaving New
York City heading to Dallas Texas
khloe's it's so amazing support
now in Dallas touching
so we finally landed and text it and
when we first started the ball you see
me all warmed up in like or something
but now you see me without no sweater no
scarf because you know the weather here
is basically even though it's snowing
outside it really takes to run what was
that you said no scarf no sweater so I
was like really I mean they can see that
oh I'm kind of slow yes we are we're
gonna go pick up our car and then we is
out to have some fun in the 68 degree
where it's so hot it's beautiful weather
here and yeah I can't wait to more in
Dallas Texas my god we came here at the
Sun my kidding me like this no man New
York is like literally 40 degrees less
the reason why I came to Dallas Texas
because we got invited to film some
videos here some Instagram videos
youtube videos for you guys so you know
unfortunately without doing no show or
no um meet and greet and nothing here
because I don't know we haven't set it
up enough like that but I see a lot of
you guys asking us to do a meet and
greet in Houston which is four hours
away or Arlington which is like 10
minutes way from Dallas and Dallas
hopefully the next time shadow we'll
have an organized show and organize a
meeting for you guys massive now which
you can apply a good show if you see us
in Dallas if she's anywhere look on our
Twitter we're gonna be naming spots like
random spots and in Dallas so if you
guys want to come to come to sue their
peach we're waiting at the turnstile for
this guy's luggage his luggage is so
small but you still won't take it inside
the plane
likewise a lady first they will wait
just what the hell are you doing
craziest stunt done by Adam solving this
is not supposed to be done here just not
this is legal arena
Airport
first food in Dallas is this amazing
good chicken and water so we finally got
to the hotel and guess what I hoped I
got our own little kitchen you know
who's cooking you one of you guys are
cooking this time the best cook oh god
we don't know how they got a fire
say you guys cooked yeah it's only gonna
cook bullets at this really cool place
in Texas it's called zero gravity you
guys tell me about it
shout out to shout out to Miriam I
realize she wasn't that treated it to me
absolutely you guys what's like what's
up we're cool to go to and around Dallas
then he told me that and now we're here
it looks beautiful
do I play some miniature golf that they
also have bungee jumping about slimming
shake they're too scared to go click
this is it the only thing going on that
can let me this you couldn't do it for -
this is sick
blow everything up and slim is going up
first I've never seen him ever play golf
I think this is the first time come on
Tiger Woods who got lost in the hood Oh
Oh
Oh what the heck was that she went
playing his slippers mando hey three
summers about to go looking there what
sir
come on sir they're rooting for you what
that Wow I go yeah meanie Tiger Woods is
going up he hits it no he doesn't
you cheating yeah yeah GT hold on yeah
go for right there go
hold it boy oh this is the score she
rare probe as the least points that
means they won because they made it and
quicker so we'll add it up in the car
and see how it goes ready
it looks like they're having a dance-off
ladies and gentlemen the dance-off is
heated it is going crazy let me push the
red water I'm gonna keep flogging
anastasiya do something crazy so you
know when he says that you gotta keep
flogging lays nice paces me out
oh my god Oh bro
you do realize you're gonna have to go
into the car like that right you know
I'm not sitting next to him you're wet
you don't you have a towel I appreciate
that it looks like you peed your pants
you guys see the chance of life nothing
yo Adam what the hell man
you just went through a holy water you
lose like this water coming out of your
arm now it looks like what your way bend
down bend down bend down but now see
there but no no like just let ya been
down been have enough yeah all the way
all the way all the way down please like
this water coming out of your butt don't
go back in men you're gonna you're gonna
get a okay Adam that's time to go home
okay
cuz I liked out the guys cuz they threw
me at the car so let's do Matt the car I
just wanna know that people complain bro
why you guys do Matt the car and they
tell me why why'd you throw at the car
so who didn't begin for time I look you
guys gonna be here for 10 minutes that
has been it's been three minutes come on
come on what do you want to do I was
holding this world the whole time
remember what about what went out when
we threw Matt the car were you thinking
about that huh niggas can whip someone's
a minute someone jameelah basically they
threw me out the car when I was like
half naked when I was wet and I had to
run to the hotel about maybe a block or
two and now I'm in the hotel I got to
the hotel and there was another here and
now I make them wait for welcome to guys
four minutes ago can you please open the
door they're gonna file a complaint who
I'm asking politely who the lady
downstairs who there's no lady doesn't
over there just wants to be quiet
Oh Tom Tom someone jameelah oh please
one three minutes three minutes
demons she what you laughing it's a fine
let these guys in and slim he's using
bath now but I gave him a little present
after that and I'm getting really really
mad and yeah it's what you guys get for
Oh taint a little more there should be
good mm-hm
it's a prank you're like I was gonna get
you worse the crew knows it - it's yours
mama statement so next time was gonna be
crazier violet hey guys it's time to
vlog be sure to give a thumbs up and go
behind it thank you so much for watching
hope you guys are gonna enjoy you just
cut me off hope you guys enjoy these
these doubt dollars vlogs that we're
gonna be having for this whole 5 days
for our trip and the rest of the chips
are the rest of vacation I will always
keep up there with that vlog so thanks
want to support and to be honest you
guys make every cab so thank you once
again and your Adam I mean he looks like
Raymond rule is like yeah no do that is
that does Raymond I say yeah that's a
wrap peace
