hey guys what's up um so yeah I got a
new hairstyle I dyed my hair from blonde
it's black let me know what you guys
think what what you look so funny with
that bro looks man real I swear
really yes I dyed it back did it yes I
did yeah yeah I don't know special just
fantasy boom I don't side with your
looks come on I hope is Ria's Rilke
whatever it looks so real bro I swear
thanks but really when those slits
normally dudes like oh not sup dude it's
so great it really looks rice I know man
vegetable ground alike yeah good I sleep
I look like I'm from Saudi Arabia and
part of the Instagram video should be
done soon and yeah they're not that I'm
gonna go to the gym and film in the gym
and ready wait wait am I ready
have you sure have my job on first man
what's wrong with you honey have you
beaten everybody very good by now i'm
reaiiy i love you i love you so much i
just want to tell you that um you're my
world
you're not my words you give my universe
you're my universe baby don't do it what
about meetin look at our son you look so
good half yellow half black hair happy
what's wrong video huh oh actually ate
it smells good alright smother Hamill I
smell like it smells good for her it's
not like girl shampoo but thanks God
wait let me see how I look with you guys
have a little I have a little pup think
I see so we just finished doing the
Instagram videos unfortunately I
couldn't do mine because mine's supposed
to be in a gym if you guys want to check
out Slim's or creams in stinger video
the links will be down below you guys
can putting it tomorrow yeah today
should be obvious oh yeah don't you see
yeah well and it's awesome to meet
everyone in they motivate yes guys
really need to do better and stuff
should be cool and hi why are we in the
diaper section because I need diapers Oh
slim these diapers I mean they poop
serpents how do when you have your poop
in your pants I'm not alive
I swear when I was like seven years old
do they ever just want to hear this I
don't yeah dude not when I was in pre-k
four years old I pooped my pants like I
had to like I had to poop then I was
what while I was walking shorts on that
I pooped and my whole foot went all of
my legs and you can see the teacher I
could cleave you up this is like a cry
she's a grouchy dude I'm sorry the
monkey said yelling at me like you go
there oh yeah yeah yeah I'm all like
sorry said kissing teacher give mu a
plus a plus mu normally what are you
doing up there never um yes pretty much
I'm up to my pants - I didn't people out
of whom I pissed my pants I took a piss
on Pete I still do it was a kindergarten
why is it getting on red oh yeah and
then it was musing my two other friends
meeting on a school trip so they put us
in the first year classroom so in every
sitting and I Pete oh my panting in the
pistil it like dripping out I go Matt
far and then the kids go like compete
I'm like no it nobody did it you did and
if these again was a kid and in Julia's
Fantas dry initially got - it was all
wet I missed one of my Pokemon cards and
oh man the puzzle I starting up why were
you guys in your countries you guys have
pre-k or kindergarten like I know in
America they have the grades pre-k it's
like when you're four or five years old
you go to school so yeah and I might
give us a story tell us or yeah I
vomited in my pants once vomited in your
piss
yeah how can you die man you're pissed
good oh okay no I'm vomiting on your
pants
no in my pants how you don't know how
you could do that you know the diarrhea
no bro it was there when your butt
vomits diarrhea this is like nasty
stories I'm sorry some parts are the
worst
oh wait you up when when we try whatever
we travel here to wake up in the morning
and just like pour it in our face and
that wake us up but cream never had
experienced me shake had it creams gonna
have a solo no I'm pleased to go to
Dallas when we go to Dallas experience I
could do without please now when we go
to dust cream is gonna do I'm gonna make
sure I'm a recording I wash out I'm
gonna get you guys in on this one I'm
gonna do I'm gonna find a razor yeah and
one of these guys on my sleep I'm gonna
nah you'll see yeah I'll shit bread hey
this is a disease but we do I will shave
you child watch your chest what my watch
I'm gonna take his blonde no that's not
everybody's job I'm a glue hair on you
and Mickey wake up
okay is it gonna be a nice prank in
awake if I hear ya yeah it's like
midnight I don't know we're doing here
in Duane Reade yo we gotta stop the
warming you know this is the ugliest
face you can ever do ready set go
that's all you do wow you gotta make no
choice
guys guys I tricked you guys snapshot
that picture because really I so I'm
being forced to do an ugly face
you guys gonna do with me though ready
okay set go yeah bro that's not ugliness
yes it is do it uglier than mama go
you'd be a rubber face very heavy uh
very heavy
oh it's a prank it's just a pain today
oh you know it's funny when you just do
something so stupid
to your friends or something and if they
get so magically it was just a prayer
right hey check this out ichika take
these that's my glove chicken and then
you could go like this yo what's we do
it's so bright you just do my gloves to
the other aisle oh I know I did it and
she did do you say glows blue guys the
silver stuff good we're gonna get kicked
out what I'm recording oh hey hon I love
you guys give our gloves here okay
pshh messing around meet your closer
sorry sin told you someone was there
this is your Butthead
you
hello hey Ari could be yeah I'm so
startup ain't no I
so how you doing today good would you
say
come on slimy and losing answer I had
you no no no honey doesn't hold on I got
to your secret huh in two days I'm
leaving
no I'm gonna text as well well I may be
taking airplane catch you oh I gotta
come with me Napoleon's exes yeah take
it you know I'm about to make sure I'm
gonna be here for next week tell Mimi
motika airplay he'd take a shower
is he a shower where's my character why
is he gonna shower
yeah le thi I'm gonna take a shower
hey you losing showers how's Georgie you
know you don't look at that shower they
either Sao Paulo you wanna see this
watch I can stop him change Chef where's
controller don't hey lucious no again
click triangle he's a 15 siren oh that's
so cool right yes if you guys want to
add me on PSN my my PSN is Sheikh Akbar
2k14 so you guys can add me you guys can
you know we can play grandfather we can
kick butt together an army that is
rising with your kick butt together and
cat photo hanky but like no no no I'm
doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm 200 Rossum
you hit me sword
she's re back well Marshall I'm is prank
why can't you play my ignore the little
mess in the background I'm so lazy
oh I hear star playing one of my most
favorite games in Grand Theft Auto the
online is um survival right you guys
though survival to you don't like it why
he's going what about you you like you
let the destroyed
teach me what they want yes we made it
the next wave I love this this part of
the thing liking me with 300 in case you
guys are wondering how my hair looks
this oh man one person left because you
were oh here's a lot but in case you're
reading how my hair looks right now it's
like this
the I showed this guy a pictures in my
like I'm like you know what he's like
how do you want hair like just like this
I showed him pictures in Mali he's like
all right yeah guys sure I got you
so I sit down and he cuts everything he
makes everything so sure he does there
and explain that I'll expect because I
took out my glasses so I thought if I
take it off is in the Lycian Molly and I
take it off a hotel messed it up he's
like Oh what do you mean it showed you
just take the picture
oh my god you know I forget it and I
just paid him enough thank reading me
hey man I heard that you're a singer can
you sing a song who told you that just
suggesting hey see are you see or not
see
yeah hurt all right you guys do it what
time is it it's less of us our last
first time I'm halfway to finishing the
game and to be honest if I'm gonna rate
this game I love this game I loved the
story mode of the game so those who
haven't checked that out you guys should
really check it out it's an amazing game
what awesome
it's Gary - right yes like this door
mode button you get to be the action
soon he's like like every single bullet
that shot in this game is all by you
yeah it's like injustice no nothing like
this just started so what's happening
right now she was fighting this me
larger dude that's what his name is and
now watch it when I had to control her
and nice then dude in the back he
flipped me over and now she's hurt leave
a click squirt get up early I got so
it's time to wrap up this vlog hope you
all enjoyed this vibe if you did make
sure you guys give like a thumbs up and
go Turkey we are leaving to Dallas Texas
on Monday we've been invited to Dallas
Texas to shoot a couple videos there and
I'm so glad because it's gonna be warm
weather over there not to love about
6070 degrees Fahrenheit so that should
feel like 200 degrees for us because New
York is literally feels like below zero
so I'm so excited for that anybody's
from Dallas Texas or from Texas let us
know what is their like cool to do it
like cool stuff to vlog let me know the
comments below it's cool there to do in
Dallas Texas and you know make sure to
check it out other than that I'll see
you guys tomorrow with another si daily
vlogs take care and yeah pitch love you
bitch peace
member
