hey guys what's up right now we are in
Union Square
guess who came early be honest we came
out today I'm a lucky man I came early
today and I'm sorry about that you know
I didn't come late I've been coming to
the past few days but I came early today
shaking cream they're the ones who
relate shape and it taste was still at
home so you don't screw it
shake is always at home hello he leaves
shake leaves the time when he's supposed
to meet up so girls meet up 6 o'clock he
leaves his house 6 o'clock - sure do
anything Oh him
get him he's gonna get something Yogi's
give me iced caramel latte what do you
want
you're a salted caramel kind of video
it's a blog we do daily vlogs yo sup
what's your name jazzy jazzy nice 20 was
Adam
I like named Jesse your name I don't we
have we haven't yet not for literally
don't what laughing oh it is all for we
just do daily vlogs up what we do it up
we're getting bonus room yeah do like
where I'm not it you do how am i do you
like my hair I like I like though yeah
hi
is it the person that's doing any
readout of bleach so you could have fun
what up guys right now right after so
long I'm actually going out right now
I'm heading to the city as usual as you
guys probably all know like what you
guys are probably all know my schedule
ready like off spa brands the city again
stop using a chill do this right before
I go I'm gonna have to take him to my
shed oh yeah dark but yeah I'm gonna
have to take him to the mush this first
say what up huh
hey do you know you have to say with
passion say what up okay no no no way to
the camera so we haven't had any like a
donuts for so long
look who's here
yeah batter so we got some iced caramel
latte and yeah so this with blonds we're
talking about sis medium or blonde but
why can't we just talk like we're blood
and have blondie moments oh my god I
caramel latte
alright so good you know like bomb the
captain of the football team like my
status on facebook
oh I think I definitely wants me he
thinks I'm hot knowing that hot love
with Bob how do you how do you spell
bothered Oh B oh oh my god I did I spell
oh my god you heard about that guy's
Flynn AHA I've heard you like the most
weirdest goofiest guy ever oh my gosh I
cut and Adam Sally oh my god that number
when I do meet you
oh my god yeah what what does anybody
doesn't cold water I'm gonna try to jump
on you guys kids girls grew up like
hey crazy psycho why the Kudus do if you
see Oh what the hell hey new a massive
favor and tell me what happened today
like what is slim do too Oh what did
slim do to me come on my mighty was
normally build it build it mighty was
known there all right your team is
finally know okay guys we pulled off one
of the most messed up pranks ever I kind
of violated me or do my number to a
random person and that person I won't
stop contacting crew and I'm gonna get
it back no wait wait what did he say he
might look innocent all but he's
dangerous really I looked over the date
probably run one commented on this what
I mean by the unsocial like these guys
never yogi please get off your phones I
said damn I need a haircut right now you
do I need me a haircut - you gotta kind
of have your hair off you know cut the
cut the blood part off I'm a honey table
go get you into a challenge it's on plus
is it a corny pickup challenge we peel
blunt Ehlinger alright ready okay go did
you fart cause he blew me away
um
you're so cute can have your number that
was so lame I gotta go I go I go
are you a parking ticket cause you got
fine real all over you
oh good right I was like hey you got a
bay or an off because that could be a
bay
what was it ice like knows it
Oh something I'm gonna have an iOS let
me see just like I thought meeting him
oh if I were you I'll marry you - you
know I said frizzy but now I'll marry
him okay let's go back to the foot look
at one Adam to you today uh no I'm
feeling sick the doctor said I might
need some vitamin you you get it you get
it going on Richard is it 21 letters an
alphabet as mine but oh yeah I forgot
you are a cutie oh my God look at that
face you look like my next listing yeah
telephone
so guess we're out till next week yes
yes howdy partner we gonna be out to
your nice as well Vidia people texas
beyond texas because they as requests
you know a lot to requesting us to come
to Texas hole we have to text if we can
become like Cowboys itself anonymous
right buddy Oh y'all come back in the
next day they're gonna love is there
you'll try to be in a Texas accent go I
don't start southern accent I don't
speak like that's what I earn but you
know Austin New Yorkers were very
ignorant so we think this how Texas
cream song I'm gonna see how it is all
Texans Texas Texas Texans texturizers
text
Tech's can get their pointer at night
texicans Oh howdy partner
oh yeah gyeongtae oh uh you know uh
boarding the airport here in Texas
that's like oh it's like New York City
if Obama was nice very good actually
hola really yes uh what about you 300 I
usually do the tech sector first howdy
go gotta go get more sandwich it is
pretty good no you don't take a bite of
my cowboy so you're doing a run away
come this other people Texas are they're
really nice there and they're not like
that are there just no I want to meet
you guys to see how the arts yeah man
we're going to Dallas Texas I don't know
how far that from you said I know we
have a lot of people watch all of our
videos in Houston and Dallas or
Arlington I don't know if I'm saying the
right but yeah this is from Toronto
Canada can opener here if you guys want
to send anything to us our peel box is a
P o box 630 in New York New York one
zero zero to nine you can put my name or
sheiks name or both of our names so yeah
rimas name you put it inside or whatever
it is making us on what how do you know
that is sick Hutchins I don't know is it
mine
cos Heidi knows yours let's check first
oh this is for huh this is for baby
mustard oh my god this is so cool
look it's a Mickey Mouse thing but is
this also a baby mustn't give your
mother oh my god this is Tigger from
Winnie the Pooh guy wow that is so cool
Wow there's no card or anything in here
shall I look for the President to give
this the name is Chan as Muhammad thank
you so much this is so cool
say Thank You Shahnaz we must say thank
you thank you
Shanna's good Shanna's yeah she does
even ought to say but I'm gonna put
these on Mawson tonight I'm see if I can
vlog it looks so cool they put on the
Mickey Mouse outfit and Mosinee look so
cute what's it
say thumbs up tweet up thumbs up for
Mickey Mouse Mawson hi Mickey Mouse
Mosin he's in a bad mood right now cuz I
put it on him I don't know how to dress
kids like that but I'm getting better
thumbs up show his thumbs up Rima show
his thumbs up thumbs up yeah
hi Marcin hi hi cutie hi cutie hi put up
Mickey Mouse huh what's up
Reema are you doing huh sound oh the
sound Oh what are you doing thank you so
much in as Julie means a lot truly
appreciate it thank you so so so so so
much we won't stop doing that I got so
it's time to wrap up this flag if you
guys enjoy this flag make sure you like
a thumbs up and go turkey hope you all
have been enjoying these past few days
of the vlog hope the brightens up your
days or makes you guys smile you guys
did it and you guys asked for it you
guys have so many thumbs up on the other
vlog where I said if you guys want to
skit and how my parents reacted to my
blonde hair and that is finally up so
it's on this channel so if you guys want
to go check it out the link is down
below or if you're subscribed to this we
haven't subscribed to this channel make
sure y'all subscribe I don't know what
you're doing if you're not subscribed so
make sure you check it out and thumbs up
that video if you want more skits like
that and more family related stuff that
you guys want to see and make me put in
to scare something like that so I really
hope you guys do enjoy it and you see
you guys tomorrow with another 8/8 daily
vlogs
take care peace love you
member
