what up guys today I woke a reader late
again what like five o'clock I'm I'm
gonna meet up with Adam ran in the city
to get some work done and then
presidential a bit but I left literally
right on time because what's the name
because we had guests over and they just
walked in but they went straight to the
bathroom and I left to the phone cuz I
hate when the guest comes cuz I have to
start being all anything like oh it's
not like um how are you doing oh that's
good my studies are going good like I
have to start saving so much stuff so to
avoid all that I either hide in my room
or I leave so I left right on time I saw
I met up with Brandon is go right now
after so long and I'm with the half
chocolate half he has no Chuck never be
funny already response pyramid so good
but like it does it's not like it's cute
it's cute is different even though you
will be charged this it sound different
yes for some reason everyone is in their
boxes how many were in the underwear
everyone is here everyone is in their
underwear and then boxers let me take
off yourself to take every pants come on
do it
so then join the join the rally we're
doing the protest see everyone here oh
it's other YouTube channel they do they
get every new series we gather up
together they always do some weird
things and today they everybody ride the
subway train and they're in their
underwear so everybody should enjoin
them
that's fun them why they doing this like
aren't you cold or anything just five
summers
do you mind if I - why are you naked
right now show me are you happy
what a Caribbean yes dear
Korea Korea yes why do you do it or
because he's fired you know we gotta get
before surprise oh I don't know what
happened I should hold your legs look
like they have goose bumps no I know I'm
a good shot you always going to soon
come on something I've canceled because
I want to be like what's the holiday
what's the festival
you know Cole do I see ourselves as
happily wants me out no my balls are low
froze but somebody is there's some
underwear what else you gonna see that
 and we still can't beat them join
them
you can enjoy the pita can't eat them
 we're doing next year all right
lady I got to lay low so I just met up
with a demand voice I wanna see her
looks like a walking Barbie doll in the
Barbie world so you keep doing them in
yo yeah I'll see what you guys look like
it looks like a walking Barbie doll and
he looks like I have chocolate have this
is pretty much my breakfast I'm eating
some egg noodles with chicken and you
got you'll have chocolate would you get
it's pretty much your breakfast that's
where you're so messy
you're even open so cold we think
holding is good but we're still out
professional guy you know pictures and
also big shadow
here's them you guys gotta give them a
shot good you deserve you know Mom an ad
on the photographer
a blurry girl I'm a hitman here's what I
say here is bad do you guys hope for the
journey I messed up inherently carefully
hold so I'm here chillin with the one
and only Morrison the only reason why
I'm only with him and not with Rima or
Deena is because he's the only one that
likes my hair out of everybody so Watson
oh sorry
okay I'm sorry I just want to say that
you too real MVP
you don't real MVP I like your hair you
like my hair
fine change in my hair you still like me
alright thank you so much I appreciate
that you know you you respect food
cheese cheese
come on good smile what I have to tell
you smile smile spark oh jeez I'm a duel
monsters face he's looking it's like
what the heck I don't know why but when
you go like this to babies they smile
because I don't know if it's an Arab
thing or what you let me know how do you
guys make baby smell I don't know if
it's like a tradition but Arabs always
go like like like I'm doing muscle he'll
smell see look these what is up well her
oh listen what are you doing ow ow ow ow
stop what are you doing
uh-uh ouch wasn't Oh
Marcin that really hurt
I was giving most his first time to try
a boy no he's ready
you smell that take the bike right there
you like it you like it you like it
no more no more
Austin is officially a bueno lover he
loves brenell just like me
so yeah asking for more bug washes I'm
in just ignore him and look watch how he
wants to get my attention which is he
wants me to talk to him I don't know you
want more windows yeah
nothing resumes oh yeah I'm scared to
come to us with me yeah you think it
costs sleep with me I think do you guys
do with me cuz I'm scared yes or no yes
do us even really Wow are you gonna fall
asleep on me today
Wow at least something good night say
good night
what say I love you say I love you
alright guys that's time in the vlog be
sure to get a thumbs up and go granny
thank you so much for watching hope you
guys enjoyed we have a news true story
essay on our main channel video coming
out really soon so look forward to that
but I have a new Instagram video coming
really soon so follow me on Instagram
I'm on my Instagram right here somewhere
so follow me and yeah that's a wrap
peace
oh look how cool this is please I put
this on my bed so like it looks quite a
sick design in it
