I'm here with Xena Xena say hi we're
gonna go pick up my stuff in the steel
box she's chilling extra cool see what
up hi he's doing Earl you're doing good
yeah say hi say hi
what I like about Deena that she's very
calm when we're outside like you
she's privately ratchet Oh Deena's only
ratchet like private like private our
homes up Rima she's publicly ratchet but
Deena's very calm with sweet outside hi
hi so I gave Dean and I see but she
doesn't want what kind of child does it
one and I see she doesn't want I see I'm
I'm you don't want it you're not normal
you're not normal so amazing going out
Deena she doesn't cause no trouble she
doesn't run around she just chills my
silver high five for you dinner you get
a big thumbs up in a big high five thank
you so much for being so cool not making
run oh I was wrong I spoke too soon do
you know where you going Deena oh my god
she says where you gonna go
what a baby's gonna go she runs away
where are you gonna go do you know how
many just watching where she's gonna
she seems he walking them put the heck
data she's ever listening
diva where you gonna go if you leave me
huh square huh
ready huh okay you enter the gun
and have Deena
yeah
yeah oh man I really thought dinner
dinner was gonna be calm I'm jinxed it
man
she's gone what I should do she's having
an answer when I say Deena Deena walk we
sure
Shaniqua Jessica Sarah you stare at that
guy
it's like a repeat of Rima give me and
she tries to Gaza you're not gonna get
away from me just hello I just got home
and Remo where you been at I said where
have you been
you've been at school yeah I missed you
I missed you remove you what you love
your man did you know that I went
outside with Dina and not Reema I went
outside with Dina
yeah and not Remo what are you wearing
here I want to side with Dina huh
nothing I just wanna side with Dina I
wanted to take her out I can't take her
up hmm you were we are gonna go outside
soon I've got a gory not as a thing I
just want to tell you what's up I love
you I love you Reema give me a big hug I
love you so much really legs like a yeah
yeah gonna gonna fall
hey guys what's up oh look at closest
a close-up so guys we're on our way to
cream scrimp we're gonna help him outta
his video this video should be out
should be out today readies Friday at 4
p.m.
make sure you guys go check it out and
give it a thumbs up and go turkey on it
and for the first time I'm wearing this
for city jacket that you guys gave me
look what it says on the back let's cook
see Hey
yeah
hello my friend Karim how you doing
so I was thinking why don't we chill a
one time in we Chinese food I did no no
no I don't like Chinese no more like a
doctor in there for spicy oh no this
basic what is a food a very good for
your body not hockey oh come get Chinese
folk I can't do that no I am NOT eating
Chinese but you are you wanna me no
I don't know either I know I did my
friends keep up are you looking for
cheap and that is why your problem yes
your people in very cheeky huh you guys
are very cheap wait like saving money
from people shut your mouth no you shut
your mouth
yo yo yo right now we a quorum scribble
reading the new video whoosh op le is
going great should be up at 4 p.m. right
yeah 4 p.m. it's editing right now and
Sheldon seemed pretty low that you know
what show them a sneak peek he ever said
I love you to your pan I said it before
but unless it's a like that cuz awkward
that's it yeah a cute shout-out to crews
mom amazing food mashallah and so hungry
me meatballs with rice you know I like
about the way she designs a food like
look she put this all around to catch
him inside no raz√≥n shake you like
every quickly hopefully I runs in his
family so you can start cooking this to
know I need a good wife second tip like
that ok cuz I'm gonna be working now I'm
gonna have this tradition every Friday
is me I'm away from kids we need oh
don't crush my pepper I'll make it not
for me why are they gonna cook together
or we go outside of heat together
yachting gotcha gonna come and sing how
do you take my day Monday stutters my
wife cooks for me and Friday I go eat
out with there as messed up you're not
gonna help but cook now my helper cook
no I don't like that we didn't me like
chicky savage we helped together but
turkey sandwich you're gonna but that's
not the I not I mean I got so it's time
to wrap up this vlog hope you all enjoy
this flag if you did make sure you guys
give vlog a thumbs up and go turkey
cream has a new video up the link will
be down below we're gonna have a new
video up at Sunday 1:00 p.m. a lot of
works out and it doesn't get like
deleted because it's footage and has
police in it so which I'll let it go as
well I'm gonna release it I don't care
for you guys to spread it for you guys
to watch it and to see what's going on
in
swirled or shall I just say in America
and stuff like that because this is just
it was absolutely great we're still
working on the song for three mates so
cello should be out soon and we are
going to perform that song on tour and
it's getting really fun it's really
really fun time so inshaallah goes great
I'm just really excited a lot of new
things coming up and I hope you guys are
excited with us and ready to be on this
journey with us well you guys are on
this journey with us but ready for to
see what's coming at you guys haven't
got tickets for the UK tour you can
still get tickets the link is down below
now what you guys answer this question
it's not really an A for question but
you guys want answer the comments below
should I shave my be imaginative should
I trim my beard or should I let it grow
let me know the comments below should I
wait grow and see how it is and then she
trim it or I don't know I didn't know
you told me the comments below because I
was listening to you guys I don't really
listen to nobody I listen to you guys so
so I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another AC a daily vlogs
take care I love you all domi Yankee
mayor shake cheek three mates you guys
the greatest I love you and peace
