hey guys what's up so we just got here
comic-con shout out to Kareem for giving
us for comic-con feeling he was late for
me gigolo LD Keyblade nicely has last
year last year I think really really and
I'm here with the cool acidification
slimming it up last year we get zero
pilots are we here again okay late last
time I came a little earlier I just know
at least like you gotta give you so I've
always had a crush I'm angry she's
finally here
that's your costume was cool thank you
thank you
for medicine
od war before the beta box
spider-man before he was spider-man the
Amazing Spider husband amazing spider
estimates pretty cool like this you know
it's taller than everybody I'm taller
than spirit yeah buddy
here's the moral yesterday I was crazy
read books
you know read books you ready to get
candy that book stop eating candy that's
it candy
Jenny
suddenly you know
so has become
oh my god
I'm sorry
this is crazy the guy who does does it
for the show for the walking dead is
pretty sick
like life going on
I'm gonna go
Oh twice as many ways to kick you
alright alright there you go all right
quantities don't help the state security
so I had to leave early alone I'm
seriously such a loner I never follow
the rules but you know it's more fun
when you don't follow the rules because
I don't know I feel so lonely right now
because everybody else is having fun I'm
here old woman walking along with this
stupid thing that I do for you guys
making you guys smell to brighten up
your days so I only have for you guys
today
juh man and Deena Rema Rema is at school
jemelle he's sick so are you okay good
man sure what's wrong
you have a cough are you okay sure what
about you Deena Deena
she just hates me so you add them still
trying to teach how to say I love you
Adam remember when I taught him a to say
I love you Adam and it was funny hey
Deena say I love love love say la well
like about dinner she just doesn't care
she dances the line and everything you
know I'm gonna give her a song Dean you
ready get it either parody
shake it say you say you say Deena's
she's at work master she's one that
invented it what so this is what
happened right the mother the mother
what she wants when she wants a baby she
says I want a baby and then Allah it
gives her a baby in the stomach and then
after that that's it comes from it comes
from Allah and that it comes out her
like the one that comes out her leg the
baby's born sigh yeah you were like they
chopped the leg off you came out and
they fixed her leg back you know I know
it's just crazy and just um okay I'm
just gonna go now okay because do you
like carrots I'm trying to change the
subject here that's weird question
what's wrong with you want to dance it's
work Oh what what's up with you huh give
them have fun you never give teammates a
kiss why keep yelling at them stop
give give team AC a kiss give them a hug
let's go give them a kiss killer let's
go do you know now you're mad give
teammates a kiss mmm Wow good job you
give teammates a kiss high five for
Dina's first team a sake kiss ready set
watch this you're gonna get straight up
I guess it's time to wrap up this
Rygel's are crazy long that comic-con
we're gonna be going back tomorrow so
comic-con date too but this time I'm
gonna need to go undercover because I
kind of got like in trouble with the
security so hopefully Comic Con let me
and you let me slide I was just messing
her I wasn't really like trying to like
ruin your days or anything so I hope you
guys let me slide Rima got scared and my
mom told me to take it off so I took
some of it off but still shows make sure
you guys give like a thumbs up and go
turkey UK tour tickets are now on sale
the link is down below
basically we're allowed to like hype it
up and say that we're gonna put it up
Sunday at 6 so a lot of people won't you
know get tickets at once so we won't
crash again they wanted us to just say
it randomly out of nowhere so it can
spread out also tickets are now himself
you want to get tickets for your city in
the UK the link is down below we have a
surprise for you guys tomorrow for me
and Rima and trust me you don't wanna
miss this UK tour this is gonna be the
biggest tour ever because it's a tour
that might never ever happen again
because it's it's cool we'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace I love
you
