hey guys sup we just met the homies over
here like I was doing myself Vegas from
Ron I say hey they go to school out here
near the square were filming so the car
is filming and it's always film we let
them watch us do a prank or we're doing
how do you guys think about it was it
weird how was it behind the scenes it's
kind of like different yeah they caught
a free pass
pretty good I don't know like oh man I
think it's awesome
yeah
Oh
right up here fasting because today
before 8:00 and it's day for hydro
everybody knows how to God you got about
an hour to be and I feel good with
filming to while fasting so I feel good
on the left and unit square is live
today lot of crazy stuff uh three
studios at a guy at their studio time
studio time the audio recording to
videos or whatever yeah nice
oh stop harassing the lady man stop
harassing the lady go and stop harassing
me
you're rationally dressed me know your
has the ladies of it so mind your
business
why are you harassing ladies over huh
wearing got a lowrider neck I'll say so
so what now we're wish you want Oh think
where we can with stop harassing her
leave not harassing anybody you
harassing me I'm harassing you you're
harassing okay okay yeah thank you
what's up please thank you say what's up
peace goodbye goodbye slop what's that
man we each in the house doing boots
peace out man what's up
go home grassing woman grassing me you
like that you liking the rest I love it
I get here at over harassing woman I
love it I love it
stop harassing what I love it jerk off
to me take us home and jerk off to it
woman
nobody's relaxing woman girl Miller who
get it who do your ass man breezy
first wine right there
if you around everybody raising hand
everybody wanted like honey look you
wanna harassing me to now like how did
me nothing to me see that guy was
harassing woman going up to their faces
and filming because they're wearing
animal skin or he's harassing them
screaming of their faces and just
filming front of their faces like that
with a phone like literally where from
the face so and nobody stood up so nice
lemon shake we had to stand up we slid
kind of got out of control
Amida chill out man sirs he kind of did
get ass mad but you gotta you gotta
control it because I used to get mad
before like that and just literally I
would have probably got violent but I
learned not to get violent when you get
in trouble other bag on this no don't
give either just become you get beyond
mcbusted be good but seriously like I
was used to douche bags dude if you're
watching this because I know they're
gonna post it on YouTube one of them
there youtubers one of them being posted
if you watch this man you're a douche
and you're harassing woman that's what
you're doing
we do this hi guys so many hugs
so I have the low falling out the video
done finally got the video done
hamdullah video is gonna be kinda sure
about two three minutes because this
video was really hard to do but should
be up Sunday at Sunday at 1 p.m. New
York City time so if you guys wanna
check it out Sunday why here new 6
o'clock tomorrow you're technically
today's so I want to wish everyone hi
Eid Mubarak automatics everybody to
essential you guys all have a good time
Sharla can't wait to see my outfit see
Joe he always wears his desi outfit is
he my dear learn from that the prey
asset of public because when we were
filming we had no place to go to and
we're done filming so hamdullah shoutout
to slim for filming this video yeah
he'll be so tired he still done it so
thank you slim so much about an hour to
go eat hand
I'm not that hungry I'm pretty okay
you see water high a lot sorry
so we just got done eating outside and
after we had a fire we took like an hour
nap at the restaurant and we're so lazy
we couldn't film anything so
oh my god
does it hurt
weasal hi are you have me to deliver
identification yeah I'm delivery of slip
hello son can't get a refund oh you
don't want it now stop stop stop
we're deliveries I'm scared to join you
take him down DW it's recording guys
weren't Best Buy right now we have
nowhere to film so we're gonna film it
here hey guys were three of each first
of all those two loud first of all I
want to wish everyone a happy Eid
Mubarak
everybody everybody oh if you guys do
not know we're gonna be going on city to
city UK tour from December 20th to
January 1st and tickets are on sale so
if you want to buy tickets check out the
description below for your city if your
city is not there yet it will be we'll
keep you updated
we form comedy sketches stand-up every
time we have a brand new song reform
it's gonna be sick
roads me crazy that's right a lot of our
shows are really unpredictable because
we use improv also so you never know
what's gonna happen okay so you guys
don't miss out please come through a lot
of tickets and NCU there's this is the
first time we're actually touring
together and this is gonna be one of the
biggest ones good
that's what we need to do something oh
my god this is the first time we're
actually going on tour all of us
together at three major so this is gonna
be one of the biggest tours because UK
is the number one country who watches us
right honestly we love you okay honest I
love you money okay always goes hard so
if you guys see us shout out to the
first official tour is gonna be crazy so
bio tickets that's it I can't even oh
hard all this energy because I need to
uh it's like one o'clock in the morning
right iron hunter and a country say what
stupid want to drink with anybody bid
800 Oh Steve now sorry domotics and
everybody and Harry Styles tweeted even
bark which is I don't know how we find
it so cool he's the Minute Maid slim
like really I don't know why I just find
it crazy when he loves me there isn't
Christian man respects you by losing all
away how did he say he says evil barks
everyone's celebrating today now you
gotta say slower like a mortal we're
sorry yeah evil Bart
everyone stand up with the hobo I talk
to me yes equal parts everybody
celebrate today
everybody celebrating in today
simple like whatever he says however he
says it we appreciate this man it's very
cool
you know he's teaching love and unity
and there was a tolerance across all
face because you know he's a he's a
proud Christian saying this for all
Muslims that's beautiful that's why we
Muslims always say happy Christmas all
you people out there we want love and
tolerance for all things so shout out to
Harry Styles preaching christ preach it
brother
shout out to you brother shout I still
feel like it's Zayn Malik and Perrie
Twitter and he's doing really like out
there
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you guys enjoy this vlog if
you did make sure guys gives back a
thumbs up tickets are now on sale for
the UK city to city tour the seats are
limited so first-come first-serve the
link is down below to get any tickets
I'm so freaking excited I cannot wait
for you guys to see us perform and to
meet you all and just it's have fun with
you guys
talk what you guys is gonna be like like
Twitter in real life I don't know I like
YouTube in real life like us seeing each
other talking and just having a blast
everyone is welcome to come more info
will be down below there's about three
or four cities I haven't been confirmed
yet but they will be confirmed if it's
your city don't worry be patient we'll
keep you guys updated in a couple days
we'll be ready and you guys can get the
tickets all your friends and family know
about this because I do not want anyone
to miss this it's just gonna be crazy
it's gonna be really organized we can
finally get a regular selfie like
actually no actual selfie an actual
picture without you know nobody moving
or anything like that so I hope you'll
have a great eat spend with your family
your friends your close ones enjoy time
we're gonna be having a new video
tomorrow on our main channel finally at
1 p.m. NYC time so I hope you're all
looking forward to that we'll see you
guys tomorrow with another ACA daily
vlogs and a new main channel video hope
you guys ready for the main channel
video make sure guys go turkey once out
I love your teammates a team - mhm do me
gang you guys are the greatest
take care and peace love you
