hey guys what's up and doomy gang this
is adam solid i am finally back at the
new adams family house and today is
gonna be a big big day i'm gonna narrate
you guys today's vlog so sit back relax
chillax
nicknack paddywhack and let's have some
fun because today's vlog is super late
but before i start i want you guys to
subscribe you to me again and click the
subscribe button because I upload every
single day make sure you guys thumbs up
the vlog I would truly appreciate it
also if you guys can't put your
notifications on if you guys want to be
notified every single day with my video
now let's start with today's vlog I
started off the day by landing in New
York City and pretending to the taxi
driver that I just met my family for the
first time ever in 20 years
hi guys 20 years was good and then after
that do me getting my whole family
reactive to the three old baby who wants
to marry Rima it's here hi guys I'm home
with my dad Mawson and Rima how you guys
doing good
my dad is mad at me because I didn't
bring him to quake I'm gonna bring you
next time I promise okay mostly what do
you want to go back everyone what soon
quick all right guys you guys are about
to watch my whole family's reaction to
the three old boy in quoits his name is
asam who wants to marry Reema you guys
are about to see the reaction right now
and uh let's see
what do you think he's gonna say yes I
know he said yes yes he said yes Rima
well so what do you think so six years
old he's a baby what do you think what
are you a dog Hey and then I finally got
to surprise Rima and Mawson with what
was inside the box
enjoy so I had a really big surprise for
you guys
do you have any clue what it is what is
it it's not your birthday cake cream oh
do you know what it is what is it
a piano nope so I got told you guys I
got you guys a big big surprise it is
the big box downstairs the box that you
guys could have opened how excited are
you bus
are you done okay guys the moment you've
all been waiting for the surprise for
Rima and how did my dad just steal
muscle for me like that mostly come I'm
giving you a surprise but give me your
surprise ya tryin to steal me man I
could watch you
you got
kid again guys leave this oh my god oh
and gee what is it open that up
open it open it open it I'm gonna have
to blow this up okay do me good I
couldn't blow that thing I was about to
freakin failing well I'm uh that's what
would have happened about to continue
blowing on that thing so I'm gonna turn
the jacuzzi into a whole ball pit
nothing you're not taking it back pull
your pants back up you're not taking
about okay you're just putting putting
the balls inside this okay go inside
you guys left me muffin how do you do it
Reba
what are you gonna do you gonna jump you
ready yeah are you scared and on my not
scared you're a big boy or a baby bear
baby or big boy
boy Koloff said you got it ready set go
you know this is crazy name weapon this
is the first time ever
Moxon tells me thank you usually he'd
never tells me thank you
oh my god I'll reward you thank you I
love you much a mother tear I love it
I've never heard Mawson tell me thank
you
don't give me a kiss okay you want to
give me the kiss on the camera yeah Wow
Wow
well I just got played I don't want that
give me a kiss nice given he's given to
me game Oh give me a kiss Oh give me
camera kiss give it to me a kiss your
kiss is worth a thumbs up muffin okay
for my kiss not you ready to kiss them
ready set go whoa whoa Dan you're
demanding a free kiss I hope you guys
enjoyed that but right now I'm about to
give you guys the revealed date of one
the new Adams family member will be
shown in the vlog do me gang we're in
the car we're getting a lot done I am
with Rima and Watson say gang gang gang
gang gang idea man The Doobie gang do we
connect we hang do we gank do we can't
do we get hey we're the best gang unit
okay thumbs up I should do something
like do me gang a do me Hank doing any
do again we get it she was ready to see
hums inhaler I didn't do a damn number
you ready no all right what's your name
how does that come you're here ordering
food huh what you're gaining weight
again
I don't like that what
stop taking me shut up first of all I
haven't met up a Hanzo so long and the
first thing he does is order food me
mangy my Giri love this you boy yeah
yeah I'm not trying it my head is just
wavy I hate what good would tell me oh
do you perm your hair do like curly hair
you something like it's not like this is
just wake up that happens order food
again alright guys we're here with the
new Adams family member that's gonna be
in the vlogs she is not new at all to us
because we see here every single day
she's literally right behind the camera
we're gonna tell you guys the exact date
she's gonna be in the vlog drum roll
behind us right now smiling I feel like
we're showing like a newborn baby right
it's like but we see her everything
she's literally a character in our lives
every single day she's like mmm she's
she's evil oh my god I'm looking at
right now like she's a really really
dope character she's really smart she
was like I feel like she's the smartest
out of these two right here should we
get her just to say hi or yeah I just
hate shake what up man you don't hit
you're gonna if you don't hate you
you're not gonna be in the vlog nope
boom boom and I did not give energy to a
ghost was real person no but um ah yeah
are you guys excited yeah you are yeah
they're all staring we're all ghosts
they're nothing like listen what are you
doing listen Robin what what that would
do me again get it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoyed this
vibe I tried to go check my pill box but
it was closed on pill boxes right here
if you guys want to send anything did
you guys enjoy this video make sure you
that's it go Turkey I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another dope blog take
care and peace I love you guys thank you
guys for comes you got subscribing but
if you gotta be up one more they told me
to but I listen I ain't got time to pay
attention hey who let the hey Bonjour I
got a special hey James told me to take
it into existence safe on who this
