hey guys what's up just met up filming a
new video it's gonna be a new video not
all the three most something else we're
still working on one Remo any more
reactions so working on a couple videos
for you guys for a true story see me
Channel we kind of got a lot of good
reactions a lot of crazy reactions I got
my elbow got hurt look all cuz a shape
because like do it do it just go do it
do it I mean no no this guy he's like a
teenager he's gonna end up like trying
to fight or something like that he's
like no just do that or just on
recording on I find I'm gonna do it and
yeah this is how thing is we live by
Yolo you know no we don't live by your
language don't you have to do it alright
so now it's sheiks turn to go do so sup
I'm gonna film because I'm seriously I'm
done there even my arm look my fist is
done my elbows on the burn so bad so
shaky sigh you see let me give you
your victims either do I don't care you
see this body right here watch
whatsoever how much you're gonna see how
I handle it not like a man via the video
so we tell them what it is no no no ruin
it all right we're just gonna right
we're just gonna show you a prop of the
video that's like a second okay
what bro you got a pen I don't know
use your imagination find a way who was
that babe there's maybe that baby's name
is massa
maybe maybe maybe Massa
hi mustn't look at another Cyrus's do
you love him
yeah a little bit I know you love him a
lot yeah a lot she's growing up he's
mister amazing machine mister amazing
hi mister easy hello lamb laughs he has
a smell the first time he's gonna smile
let's try to make it today
hi happy v-day did he poop poop hi
master
Hey hi Marcin
hi happy little happy little bit every
yeah go ahead smile that's you yeah yes
thank you don't make fun of him like
that it's you it's not him you farted no
baby baby no don't believe him he's
missed an amazing me you all right
Sami Sami ah what do you love him
yeah like how much okay okay good bye
bye hello already closed ears excuse me
alright so the blog was cut short
because we've been filming a lot these
past couple days and we're still gonna
be filming so I'm gonna talk about some
stuff just random stuff that are on my
mind and random school stuff that my
little brother told me and stuff that
has been going on so as you guys know I
told you guys when we were in Six Flags
there were a couple of haters
that were just hitting on us for no
reason and there was this girl I'm gonna
tell you guys the story Swetman alright
people were taking pictures with us boys
and girls and there was a little crew of
three to four girls like not that far
away from us so just looking they were
just looking and just just staring and
there was guys who were actually phase
of us were taking pictures they were
pointing out the girls do like oh they
don't like those girls they're
disgusting they were saying really nasty
things about at the I don't know if it's
what a specific girl or about all of
them like really disgusting things and I
kind of got mad myself I was like you
know you don't have to judge her like
that it's all good just let it go you
can't you don't know her personally I
was just I don't know I didn't like what
he was saying you saying disgusting
stuff about the girls I was just staring
I felt bad cuz I didn't know the girls
and this guy was literally talking seen
disgusting stuff that she was she did
before stuff like that which I didn't
believe or anything and he was saying
that she's a bad person I was like you
can't say that about anybody and
everybody has a past anybody makes
mistakes you can't just assume it on
somebody like that or anything so
basically I defended these girls ten
minutes later I walked to the place
where he won those prize stuff I don't
know how to call it those machine stuff
where you could win something like we
going to stuffed animal or something and
those girls were still there staring and
whispering to each other in their ears
and then one of them came up to me she
was like hey can I get a selfie I said
yes sure I got you then after that she
was pulling out her phone to take the
selfie like this she was like she had it
on like she had her selfie on like this
she was like alright and then I don't
know where she locked her phone she told
me she was like you're nothing you're
nothing to me you're like literally crap
you're not I don't know she said
something like that I can't really
remember what she said but she said
something tried to make me feel like
crap and I didn't know what to say cuz I
was like wait look this is the grudge I
just I just defended this girl and I
didn't know her and she just came and
may try to make me feel like crap and it
didn't make me up lying a lie and
what she did it proved to me that what
the guy said was probably true or
somewhat true that this person was a
disgusting nasty person but still I
forgive you because you probably got
peer pressured into doing this and I do
not judge you you're not a disgusting
person by what you did but what you did
was negative and it kind of did me if
somebody else it kind of would make them
assume that you were you were that type
of person that the other guy was saying
what you saying really nasty stuff stuff
that
even wanting then a day later she posted
on Instagram and her sisters or friends
something like they posted on Facebook
cuz a lot of people don't weed me show
me and I was just laughing at how she
came up to me and did that stuff like
that which I don't really think is funny
and the stuff that the boy was saying I
didn't really think it's funny when I
actually had your back and yeah I just
I'm not sure what to share the story
with you guys all just I didn't know
what to say when she did that cuz I I
didn't expect that from her but I don't
know I guess whatever if you're watching
this or if you know this person is
watching this just just know that I had
your back and what you did was just I
don't know it was really messed up but
so good so good baby baby and I'll just
say something else is really cool my
little brother I don't know if you guys
know I'm a little brother Yousef he has
the one with the big beard I was
bothering him and stuff like that he
tells me like these really cool miracles
of Allah that is really cool miracles
that barely anyone knows and stuff like
that
I always shot a vlog with him because I
wanted to say like I want to say the
miracles I wanted to say because like no
no you see a man you see they like you
I'm like no they like you too you know
we all wanted me to say it so I'm gonna
say so yeah this is what it is the 57
surah in the Quran is called Al Hadid
which means iron in English and in the
chemistry reference table the 57th
chemistry reference the number 57
it means iron which is the 57 surah in
the Quran which which is Hadid I don't
know isn't that cool isn't it like a
miracle of Allah you don't find that
cool no you're not cool then he does
have a lot of miracles of Allah that he
knows but he will be telling me soon so
I can tell you guys it's pretty
interesting I will I really want him to
say it imma try to get to him I haven't
you guys comment below down below right
Yousef my Adams little brother well his
nickname is Mase so long story at
Melissa's his nickname is may sorry cuz
I don't even call me Stefan I always
call me since I was younger all right
say Mase
comment below Mase you should say we
love you something anything something
positive you will see it I promised you
would see it and it'll motivate him to
say it so son you do it do it
did you like my photo I don't know
sometimes I look through my Instagram
likes and I see if my old friends from
high school like my pictures or not I
don't know I don't know I guess all I
got for you guys today until tomorrow
hope you guys enjoy wog if you did
g-guys gives like a thumbs up and go
Turkey for the UK city city tour tickets
go on sale Saturday this Saturday coming
up I cannot wait I'm so excited because
it's gonna be the biggest tour ever for
us inshallah inshallah goes well and
it's super duper fun I cannot wait up
all having a great day a great night
keep smiling I love you guys take care
and peace love you I love you like a
love song baby
