hey guys what's up right now we're near
the Apple Store just met up with the
homie shake and yeah I've been wearing
this hat for the past four days it's a
bad that I've been wearing it that's
when I'll explain it is to tomorrow he's
just I don't know I've been wearing has
just been I don't know who cares if
people judge you because you wear
something like two three days as long as
it's still clean and you took a shower
then you're good
do you see me thumbs up if you give our
vlogs a thumbs up before you watch our
whole block does that make him Jess Rafi
oh hi nose ADA are you doing no guess
you don't get hi say hi is he so
beautiful u so beautiful u so beautiful
u yeah no legal stuff you have a nice
accent where you're from Germany a nice
Ashley BD I was rooting for them in the
World Cup
oh how fortunate lost they won they won
in the front of that take care thank you
I dare to pick it up
take it off come on bean in beer don't
fart oh I can't hear you
I'm saying right now is heavy
Oh
than like a movement
yeah I never didn't look right nigga
fixie somebody help you pick
Oh
think of helping me up waiting us from
Argentina Argentina Argentina I was
going forward tune up in the World Cup
and for Brazil and for Germany and
England and England and Spain everything
we are like Messi mrs. nice you like
missing let's play in the world missing
Oh what about we're not the worst the
worst oh my god you can't say that he
likes to which one is the real Sheikh
guys which one is real Sheikh I don't
know which one is she
come on don't trick me tell me is your
name shake shake is your name shake no
shake
awkward come on
which one is she it's one of she I don't
even know you chic
no sir do you wanna date no sir one have
a 1-yard a my question are you from
before yeah you're doing you yeah does
she dance like really good for like the
Baltimore dancer she I shouldn't I like
you I like you a lot huh you sort
negatory you mention I like you a lot
that's great
I'm gonna stop you
goody
didn't rain take a drink together
what a species no stop chill out your
eyes together
picked off
you
look what you two started talking to
police pay and yeah
the place we've never been in New York
City
what is this where you taking me is it
romantic yeah this Canada huh it's
pretty cool
I don't what is this place huh
it has to be oh I'm having a bad hair
day I would have a no hair day than a
bad hair day
what happen you just came back from
schools I'm being lazy I'm gonna take
over your socks yeah why yeah you have
ice cream now I see stop pickin nose do
you do that in class what does the
teacher say when you do that my nose
take off my nose my gosh why I'll take
it off sit down say please first feed
fish no see please be ok sit down sit
down sit down
nasty but me sucks yeah you're at the
hole you mustn't be so I give him some
milk I mustn't let messing drink oh my
scent alone with some gang sign don't
drop no gangsta and you still you're too
young for that 12:7 still an oppressor
ISA he's like ISA yeah what's wrong with
you oh oh my god who else comes back
from school watches TV when they were
younger thumbs up if you ever did that
cuz I used to always do that watch
cartoons right right after school you
gonna watch cartoons yeah what kind of
cartoon
which one do you want to watch the dick
what method alright I don't know what
she said if you guys think you know you
know what she said leave in the comments
below cuz I have no clue what she said
city aneema oh hey I don't know you guys
tell me what she says hi guys so it's
time to wrap up this vlog hope you all
enjoy this flight if you did make sure
you guys give like thumbs up and go
Turkey and leave in the comments below
what do you guys think I mean when I say
go Turkey because a lot of people leave
a comments both like what does he mean
by go Turkey a lot of you guys always
watch our vlogs sister being already
know what does go Turkey mean and if you
don't then we fighting you have to know
what it means it just means I'm not
gonna say you say it's just means it's
something simple go turkey vulture so go
turkey and show them what go Turkey
means we are going to be having a new
video on our true story a si channel
this Saturday at I don't know what time
yet but this Saturday you guys tell me
what time and 3mh videos are going to
start Monday so stay tuned for that I
hope you guys are all ready I'm so
excited for this I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another a si daily vlogs
hope you're all enjoying these vlogs and
I hope it brings up your days or at
least makes you smile thank you guys so
much for the love and support I love you
guys take care and peace
