I wanna take you to my neighborhood
please don't click I'll shoot good nigga
want to flip maybe Poli yeah all of you
on my lips makes me wanna move my lips
you like this in which maybe speak
differently we gotta have a check our
music video go check it out the link is
down below make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey Rima where you
been at huh
I dunno I upon I said where you been at
I didn't speak about my phone what did
they tell you at the dentist
ah did you take your teeth off gimme you
huh
did you give you a checkup
alright there's gonna be a serious
question for you guys all right this is
the decision that the dentist made they
said to remove her four front teeth in
the front now or to or not to remove and
just to let it go out naturally like let
it like like I don't know gonna get up
is gonna get off naturally by itself but
it kind of looks weird looks like that
decision was to take off all for them
now but my mother's decision was to keep
it there cuz she doesn't want her to go
through you know any pain or anything
like that but I think it looks really
really weird like that so you guys tell
us in the comments below
should she removed the four teeth in the
front she'll be cuter that way or should
you just wait it out until she's older
like around six or seven so you guys let
us know in the comments below and I'll
show my mom and I tell what what what
decision teammates say came up with Rima
what what does it do you want I didn't
get up do you want to remove all your
teeth no why I mean goodbye
cuz what I'm gonna die not gonna die me
mom thank you
you're not so if you guys don't have
these cool kind of leopard cheetah what
are you doing
why isn't my deodorant we won you my
daughter why isn't my dealer like that
this is for men okay you need bunny
teeth we know I'm with Mawson right now
say hi I have to see I don't know what's
called by I went out with him for a
little bit this but was kind of raining
and he loves it so much oh my god I feel
so cool I gotta have to carry him or
anybody I should carry like all the
babies like this just walk around just
shown just be like a-a-a-a mazda hi huh
he's having fun mommy is having fun
oh you burped abdullah abdullah huh I
mean remover just finished recording a
commercial for a mom for the UK and yeah
I went pretty well you know yeah we just
finished recording a commercial for
promoting our UK tour hopefully goes
great we have about two three weeks left
is gonna be one of the craziest tours I
already feel it head yeah I don't know
what you want to say any words from Rima
kitchen she said kitchen Rima says the
most random things ever what you most
excited excited about this tour what
what are you most excited about spiders
yeah you like spiders yeah I don't like
spiders give you potatoes all right this
is basically what she's gonna do on see
you guys gonna ask some questions we're
gonna ask you some questions and she's
just basically just gonna be cute so if
you guys want to come through meet me
Rima shake slim Kareem the whole crew is
gonna be an amazing time make sure you
guys get your tickets it is half price
right now for the for the next 200
people who'll get them and for our
clothing and after 200 people then it's
done we just did it for the competition
we're doing another competition next
week and you guys do have a chance to
come to New York City and spend the
whole day with us so looking forward to
that
give me kiss give you guys kiss hi guys
it's time to wrap up this blog
yeah Rema got me sweating ah yeah let's
do this come make you like this come
here let's bring it over bring it like
my dream is getting so big I came into
the handstand challenging okay look
straight you guys haven't checked out
our new music video make sure you guys
go check it out give it a thumbs up and
go Turkey it is going to be out on
iTunes next week it is kind of late but
because it's processing on iTunes but
the money on iTunes will be going to a
charity fund so if you guys want to get
on iTunes next week get it if you want
to steal it on YouTube then steal that
my class right got to take it on YouTube
but when I do get our iTunes will be a
charity it will be going to a charity
fund to an orphanage fund keep
refreshing it so yeah so we can watch as
much times as you want let me know let
me know how many times you guys watched
it and I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care I'm sorry peace hello you what
up guys so today I'm not gonna be going
outside I'm gonna be chilling out home
and I'm so super tired I still didn't
start packing you how to start packing
for Vegas I'm gonna probably do it
tomorrow tomorrow go do the laundry and
imma do the rest of this stuff tomorrow
I'm Saigon you ready and don't
procrastinate
don't what so what I like is the word
wrong procrastinate yeah it's pro
caching I don't know I don't know but
yet I'm gonna do everything tomorrow I'm
super excited for videos and yeah
looking forward to that got'em where
main insider go by I find out that's it
go find out go high no yeah it was huh
yeah hi Joe's going to my room to hide I
go find out
go go go bidder up your finder she's
gonna go no even I mean you know I
noticed you got no muscles
you got my muscles
you gotta let me hear that let me see it
okay no no I'm seeing done right here
you got no guns right and this year ago
yeah Adam sea-bottoms is all about fear
Lucy oh you got six packs down yeah yeah
six bags
yeah I see you that's you how about you
work out come let me see you work out
come today right there I think it's 20
pounds
oh no that's funny all right go pick it
up come on they're strong I don't want
to see you you know you do a phrase you
didn't do a next door
are you asking the dude go get him tiger
okay what you can't beat it with one
hand
oh oh I see I don't think that don't die
no make it in the vault is it hey no
okay oh here we go
how many can you do I know hey find out
one uh you under one here I need 40 no
no don't go me
yeah he was pardoned no we don't have a
serious party in big video be part of
masa hey yo Phil we got Fisher you
didn't fake a smile with your mouth no
you know they real far right after this
part I need about two wars yeah he's
about the body
no no nothing about them he farted
no he has these rotten dough yet these
right I see you walking on go go use
about it go of what and the bathroom
literally right over there you'd have to
walk outside walking
four five six hey hey hey I'm 32 oh my
god I didn't extras you guys I didn't
wanna come I got another vlog because we
did thumbs up and go granny hope you
guys enjoyed I'm right now playing Grand
Theft Auto 5 with Korean right now I'm
live with him right now but he went to
you pizza so mom break
well yeah but guys enjoyed that once
again that's a wrap
peace
member
