lately got their money cakes right here
I haven't done an inch over him and
always do it like slimming everyone but
let's do it
what's up hey guys what's up for doing a
I hope you're having an amazing day
because we're having an amazing day so
important I think in a minute
you all should be having an amazing
happy day the do be gang the homie - it
just came from quate he murdered it
equate shacking graduate create
searchable you killed us in the video
sick yeah good people enough quit Kuwait
and today is gonna be Dubai already know
the Prince of Dubai is money kicks so
always got a see it'll homie right here
so imma yeah today should be like by the
way I'm so sorry for making I made him
wait for like well I cannot take so long
to it I did not see morning rush it
yourself Mike Mike City man hey guys do
you see the door Wow look at that that
but get any mercy I'm not going inside
that Lambo I hate the seats in them this
soul frickin low and Nas drives crazy so
I always get carsick I'm going to side
the G Wagen the G Wagen is one of my
favorite cars and today's my big day to
me and I'm so so excited just turn it up
Dubai let's do this this is my car
hi guys I'm signing some CDs to give out
to you guys I kissed that would hi guys
had 15 minutes again on the show we eat
and lunch right now this Pizza sushi
over there there was like hundreds
police
today
gives you gonna maybe makes another day
place on you - they're not true
oh my god that was insane mio each other
to the homies right here baby thank you
guys so much man thank you guys hope you
guys had a good time
I'm sorry no no we still got a
meet-and-greet coming so I'm on it
should be fun but huge head up to there
to the Kings right here I appreciate you
guys the dogs you know John and Jeff fun
man thank you guys thank you and now
about to go to the meeting greet but
before how is it us as well that I'm
saying
that was overwhelming I don't know what
to say thank you guys and do me in it
this is
do me any thank you guys so much I'm
sweating my butt off I've never sweat
this much man like
this is insane that was just a little
warm-up for the album just a little you
know Thank You Man
thank you so much appreciate I'm so so
speechless - bye thank you guys - every
single one you guys I hope you guys have
fun and I hope you guys stay safe man
you guys are too - Wow and sorry if I
smell so bad because I'm so so sweaty
with this weekend thing in Dubai but
everything turned out great
there's a crazy turn out I cannot wait
for our Fashion Week next all you guys
were singing along to the song hey no
not singing yeah if someone who doesn't
understand it and is still jamming to it
it's still a good good thing I don't
even know what else to say thank you
guys that's it thank you for everything
and I'll see you guys there's definitely
soon since we're going to do a nice to
meet you god damn they got the swag down
suits right here I'm gonna have to get a
suit for our Fashion Week snide you
hooked it up man but the homies right
here black Parliament they're about to
give me a dope they're gonna size me up
what are y'all gonna do spin you could
say so we're gonna take your
measurements now yes use the fabric and
then when you're back we'll do your
first fitting and then it would be ready
for layers can you say you chat out to
email TQ
Chauncey was the best color I'm gonna
get a tuxedo boshy this is the first
time morning sexy driver yeah he judged
wears like I'm only wear suits but it's
my first time ever went at 60 I'll try
and choose the color I already know me I
choose the weirdest colors ever okay
burgundy looks good yeah white looks
dope they already know we're always on
the move man like we just finished this
whole event and then after that is our
Fashion Week so do be getting on just to
the 20 30 minute break now we are here
at the restaurants all day the music's
so loud but I can finally eat happy and
nothing I didn't even eat earlier
because I can't eat the proper form
to beginning I just woke up from a long
lump map I look like a mess I just want
to say this is the end of the vlog I
hope you all enjoy this life did make
sure you had a thumbs up and go turkey
Dubai I just want to say you got so
crazy at the meter view but I will be
back for our fashion route so I'm gonna
get another chance to meet you guys and
the good thing is our fashion week will
be at City walk so it's literally near
the same area where I did my performance
today thank you guys once again if you
guys haven't subscribed make sure you
guys subscribe and put your
notifications on tomorrow might be a
crazy crazy day because I might be going
swimming with the sharks I know it's
kind of crazy but I might be going
swimming with the sharks so stay tuned
for that I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care peace I like chilling in it
swear to God he shoulda came willing
gives you Yemen baby makes in Yemen aid
place I'll meet you there I'll treat the
plane like a nuva
