what's up teammates a dummy gang hope
you guys are all doing great so
basically everybody has been asking me
what happened to my people making rumors
saying I got knocked out when I actually
didn't I got jumped by five people on
the train so I decided to reenact the
whole scene of what happened so you guys
can have an image of basically how I got
this black guy please excuse that was
two people slimming shake when was
actually five people I did not have five
people to reenact the scene I only have
slimming shake to do it yeah here you go
and this is how I got this so that day I
was already hurt and so mad I didn't
want to do anything I was just on my
phone in the train alone just chillin
and these five guys come up the stairs
staring at me and pointing at me and I
look back at them I'm like okay was
there so they keep pointing at me they
walk up and literally sit like two seats
across me they kept looking I mean
complimenting me in the most strange way
like oh look you got cool clothes oh
look you got a nice hat and then I don't
know I thought they were gonna try to
rob me or take my phone this time so I
put my phone in my pocket
I took my bag and I started walking up
near the other car of the train so they
kept talking and then they ended up
following me and every time I would look
back at them they would pretend they're
not following me then when I look away
they'll continue to follow me and stuff
like that was so obvious that they were
trying to do something but I didn't know
what they wanted from me I don't know if
they knew me or anything they would try
to hide and the most obvious places and
I would see them trying to hide and
follow me so I was like okay are these
guys on drugs aren't something cuz I
didn't do anything I don't even know who
they are
so they came up to me while walked up
and they were just literally just asking
me questions like oh you know who we are
and I'm like no I don't we don't know
each other why are you trying to like
start trouble then the train finally
came and then I go in and they go in in
the same cart as me and unfortunately
there was literally like a couple people
in the train there and they just sat
cross me they continue to argue with me
and just say the same words and I
couldn't deal with them like you know
what I can't this I don't want to start
any trouble I don't want to deal with
anything right now I'm pissed off I
don't want I don't want anything to
happen so I moved away and they continue
to argue so I'm like you know I'm just
gonna get out the Train and I'm gonna
take the next train that's gonna come so
I go up I'm waiting for the train to
stop so you come out and then I don't
know where one of them came out of
nowhere and just sucker-punched me right
in the eye
so I started fighting back and we saw
having like little grapple sub but then
all five of them just came on me just
sort of stopping me down stopping me to
the ground literally for the whole train
ride until it stopped
I covered my face or won't get hurt I
seriously thought I was gonna die I
thought that's it you know it's over
then after that the train door open and
they just ran off people saw them
running away they didn't do anything all
I did would just stare at them run away
and I'm just they're like wow wow wow
all I'm gonna say is that I have the
lamp still alive I have the lamp still
breathing and handler for everything
everything happens for a reason I want
to thank you guys teammates say do me a
fall way scape me strong shake slim
Kareem I love you guys so much also my
family Rima you always make me smile
thank you for that I guess these people
try to bring me down but no one would
ever beat me down I'll always keep the
smile on my face and yes this is a real
smile now it is they see the difference
between a real smile I'm dancing with a
real smile ay ay Oh seriously guys thank
you guys so much for the bottom my heart
it truly means a lot I will be more
careful next time and I will not be
alone I guess it's cuz I forgot to read
I had to Chrissy in the morning so yeah
make sure you guys read I had to Christy
every morning so you can stay safe and
be close with the law thank you guys for
watching if you guys did enjoy this
video please give it a thumbs up and go
turkey waiting for you
thumbs up thank you guys so much my is
getting better hamdulillah I love you
guys and peace
