hey guys what's up so it's like really
early in the morning right now sorry I
have a cold so it's like really early in
the morning right now and I am fading a
rack of ice which is really weird
because like I have a cold and I'm still
any ice it's just I like a weird
obsession with ice I guess not even
funny like I know a lot of people love
ice but I'm just like an addict I'm
addicted to ice like oh it's me my boat
uh that was not me that was him yeah kid
I know you guys will tell if it's me or
not because you can't see my mouth
moving and your Sophie I'm a little
better I'm gonna sleep for you guys
because we really want you guys to enjoy
our beautiful voices
just kidding um no we're we're gonna
we're gonna sound like dying cats right
now because it's so early in the morning
and I have a you could be anything but
you don't know what to believe it is
your first time holding a baby how does
it feel you pooped
all right so this marker here at Billy
from the videos but because he always
comes late but today you just see you
guys you my sleeping earlier indeed my
luck
Bing Bing Alex I'm ready to go
okay to make me action Judy doll a table
morning Ronnie to me yada-yada-yada who
da dee dee wonna
sanam happy ah ha ha ha
daddy bud
don't hide in a 0 me home need a car
gossip adjudicate oh hello
what's your name my name is sue who my
name is josue listen I'm your name this
is yeah I am she like good apology
absolutely they didn't have on your arm
tell me yes so I hear that you're a
singer and you like to sing yeah I'll
sing us money that bottom two bedroom
sinker and maestro senior so I am not
published and singer
oh so you are a bathroom singer and
better using a maestro scene in your
store and I understand so why do you
love singing so I do like a song of
thing I do like India
reading this book I don't like because
my mother language is Bengali so I do
like Bangla Singh it's not banging with
Bangla Obon laughing yeah right sorry
so where did you go to America I came to
America for years
I give them for you America okay so any
question so you have a lot of nephews
and nieces am I correct
yeah so who is your favorite Oh baby hot
cold ah my nephew and niece
some nephew no son
nice is good and some things from
because I don't know because there is a
small a small so I do thinks the destiny
is good
so right now is this uh me is this
melasma because I don't care okay
in their family there is someone called
Beyonce oh my god
I know Beyonce is popular singers lot of
people is do like Belle ceasing because
mine is my discovery the bouncy module
like the bounce it sink furnished what
did she do in the house she's only
Tommy's bathroom and bedroom is autumn
balancing is can you show special thing
I don't know I don't like being
shit-faced so you know Bessie is right
now expecting it is writing how you see
the baozi is pregnant so you know no I
don't know or you look at magazine
he's very important news I was living
with Justin Bieber so there's a just
Lieberman Alex Wright is crazy boy why
is the pig too many I know he's very
good singer because he's the big crazy
so my extra happy one does to be my
magazine this name is mad man right yeah
this water me the man acting you know
one direction I don't understand you can
go in this direction
I wonder stupidest wonders like the band
ariana grande ariana grande oh boy she
and quite very nice everything is very
good
she's happy what is name Impuls tempos
so she's very good singer small girl
yeah so nice are people that you like
banana got it because she's leaving the
florida right right now okay so I know
that's it thank you very much it names
of the horn I'll give my name is alright
guys it's another vlog be sure to give a
thumbs up and go Brioni on the light
once again thing is sword for the love
of support you guys given the vlogs by
commenting liking you know hope you guys
enjoyed our last video that us is three
ma did together it was our first
official three image video if you guys
don't already know we're gonna have an
official UK tour starting December 20th
to book us for any parties shows events
or anything you can contact the email
that we put down below contact that or
any questions or any concerns regarding
the UK tour so going through my albums
right that's me right there and I
stopped but by this one picture where
they go
that's me again right there that's me
again right there
so doesn't mean again right that's me
with the whole main class where to go
right there all right so this tool
baby's here right there's one right
there and left one out there right I
want you to guess we turn into me this
is one and this is to comment below
is it one or two I want to see how many
boos and get right which one is me all
right
and also I move half my stuff to a
different room in the house so I have my
own room now and I can like put anything
on the wall so far he put some awards
and some stuff that I got from the fans
I got those right there that right there
and couple of words up there so when you
guys send me stuff in the PIO box I will
hang them on my wall until my wall gets
full east like I have a lot of space so
I can just post up any fan mail I get
and that's a wrap
thank you so much for the love and
support and peace
