what up guys so I just finished
recording my rent I was gonna do it last
night i got so tired so i ended up doing
it in the daytime i woke up stories like
eleven o'clock and he's also special
feature in it he's gonna be playing a
girl who get you know i'm not i would
say go check out the three mhm video
that i posted up its going to find out
like legit 10 minutes uploading right
now but yeah when this video coming out
already be out so be sure to check that
out on three mhm youtube channel and
tell me what you think comment below
what your favorite part was or comment
on that video and let me know I just met
up with this good idea so this matter
slim and our song is officially done
each listen to right now it's also how
does not sounds very simple else agree
yes so the song is finally out we're
gonna do the music video soon and I'm
saying I'm really excited because after
hearing this sound like official mp3
this is some official next to dissolve I
especially like it 156 I'm good job at
all the sides are password so yeah I'm
looking for which it is and it should be
out hopefully by the second week of
December that's one well around my yeah
I'm square is always crowded no matter
what you created we have a venir in a
while because of how cold was because we
can't walk and I'm blog the same time is
very difficult that it's like I don't
know we just gotta come here but we came
out so long and it's still really
crowded Slim has never been on the
ferris wheel so imma take em all right
now Grady's mascara
the school so Willis cool dog shows up
I'm excited for it man let's go is it us
so we just got our tickets and I won't
hear his kids except us so yeah cool it
was the ferry service is so fun we're
what's your name Jillian yes I the
inverse of the kids will be kids it
exciting they presently naked huh I'll
the earth
yeah we did seems like older guys I was
good I to Kim look down properly oh nice
hi then we go oh I stopped again ah I
stopped again and why does give stuffing
just like bricks estamos some coke how's
it look how little guy was soon very
sick in passionate or can you guys get
its light I want a toy you yeah no sorry
throw it in town can see what guys
keep going when I was a kid when I was
when I was a kid in my childhood I may I
I don't I I can do this is to a good
start lightening that's when you're evil
that's when your ego gets hired at all
so I want also to play ball like you
know that's what social media button so
that's what social media is nowadays
like so that's basically social media is
not what I learn from cyber bullying you
know another thing with such a high Shay
huh oh these girls they come please make
up these girls they go on these these
girls they go on these makeup videos
take on TV I guy this time with a vlog
take your thumbs up and go granny thank
you so much for watching and thank you
so much for all the support hope you
guys enjoyed that Ferris wheel and
bloopers and my throw is still kind of
itching so but trailer should be getting
better and hopefully if everything goes
well today we have a new video coming
out and if not we'll keep you informed
so be sure to follow us on Twitter and
Facebook where we'll let you guys know
because the video is still under editing
and we're still working on it so we
should be done with the end should be up
by today if not it'll be up by Saturday
asunder by the weekend well definite let
you know so look out for that and yeah
that's a wrap peace
