Reema where is Reema Reema
hello I don't see you what where I so
rimas gonna say that announcement no no
I know you're gonna go my back later you
have to see the announcement look at
them look at me say hi hi so what's up
what do we get
how old are you turning tomorrow say
three yeah put put three years old
yeah no three that's four Emma put three
three that's two yeah one more one more
one more
no we were three a 3ss yes
you turned three years old yeah so
you're a big girl now maybe you know
you're big maybe
okay okay sorry Ms gonna say the
announcement now Brady ready huh yes yes
okay he was standing on this like very
excited Remo what if he comes out cuter
than you huh
what what are you gonna hug him yeah why
your EIN are even dance cuz it's gonna
be a birthday tomorrow yes yes why are
you singing it yourself a song Reema me
Ariane I jump jump jump jump jump cuz
it's your birthday jump jump jump Reema
stop talking third person who's Reema
but who's Reema I don't know why I love
the one we were talking she always talks
in third person someone gave us this
huge poster thank you so much to give us
this grab at any meeting greets anything
bring stuff like this looks really cool
who is that that's real - Deena show me
show me with Rima who is this me manga
who is this either
who is this who is this who is this geek
what Cydia geek prima who is that what
was his name
dick once again me and Shake we're at
creams crib sums on its way we're
editing once again and we're literally
like 99% done with the video and do it
up what's up guys how's everybody doing
I'll be all doing good I like a shot we
shy though I don't know I just want to
ride bikes with you such a loser man
okay hey if you love someone you want to
ride bikes with them right yeah sure
yeah we're like wait laughter zolab but
a huge crews mother she's so amazing
mashallah and inshallah a long long
happy life tire mashallah mashallah
Smola she's amazing for me color for all
amazing food well a mother the child as
well some food it means like every night
include Chris house we taste something
different so this house
unretouched sometimes his voice cracks
oh we're tired shake is okay to shake
Akbar time to vine know you like because
now he's more aware of it so he talks
perfect so anytime somebody like oh wow
I had a great I had such a great day
everything's gonna blow
oh hi guys it was time to wrap up this
vlog hope you guys enjoyed this vlog yes
I am wearing a Justin Bieber hat because
someone gave me this when I was in
Europe and I like this hat looks cool
and Justin Bieber's cool too once again
this vlog was super short and I do
apologize I was like an apple is ripe I
decided to upload a ceramic container
announcement and so I can show you guys
a preview of tomorrow's new video and
tomorrow's no video should make up for
this short vlog here's a preview for you
guys yo I'm serious man just do it
somewhere wrong am i bothering you
anybody you stopped easy could do it
over there good not a place where I
don't matter why you gonna pray go for
your countrymen go be you go pretty
countrymen doing yeah this is a job for
your country man you see this is America
all right all right that's all the PM
gonna give you guys it will be up
tomorrow at 5:00 p.m. so make sure you
guys check it out and count down with us
on Twitter our Twitter's are done below
if you wanna count down with her she
always count down about two three hours
before and then till get ten minutes and
tilts I hope you all enjoy my family
watched and they loved it so I'm gonna
see if you guys enjoy it and yes and
awesome is Rima is having a little
brother he sells a point but he should
be here in a few days inshallah hope
y'all can make that for its come out
healthy because we had welcomed a new
member of the team a saying to me gank
family he is coming through and he is
gonna be cooler and crazy I'm so excited
shall everything goes great
no video tomorrow rimas having little
brother and her birthday and I'm sitting
down on her bike yeah I don't know thank
you guys for all the support you guys
tomorrow on our main channel at 5 p.m.
for our new video aren't Twitter for the
countdown I love you all
take care go Turkey thumbs up peach I'll
see love you
you
member
