I don't know yet who gave this to Muslim
because the cars are deep inside here
but thank you so much to lobby we gave
it some awesome truly means a lot and
I'm gonna put this on them let's see if
he smiles when he puts this on there
you're gonna smile huh better smile is
gonna be problems and I just put it up
from resting he looks so cute
go I give you that smile he looks a
little cuter white come on give me you
half the smile mostly off his mouth he's
never excited to see me nothing you have
to give me a smile come on come on this
close this close come on come on I'd
like jump on the bed hey hey hey hey
thank you so much for everything you
guys truly amazing and he said thank you
to say day I think I gotta talk to him I
must and I know what's up googoo gaga
tikka tikka tikka tikka tikka thing
bigger
pika pika pika a muscle this is girl
she's gonna come to our show I don't
know if it's a London to Birmingham show
and she gave me this bow just to give
you this me Mom are you gonna go up on
stage with her huh what are you gonna do
with her on stage huh what Rick color it
you in a color with her huh what she
said what's color it are you gonna be
coloring with her yeah
you're gonna color with her on stage
who's gonna watch your colored you gotta
do something cooler what are you gonna
do dedo potatoes oh my god what anybody
doesn't know what to say she just says
potatoes Rima what's two plus two
potatoes umm what's what's your name
what's ten plus ten
three no I got so it's time to wrap up
this flag hope you all enjoy this flag
if you did make sure you guys get back
your thumbs up and go Turkey we are
gonna be filming a new video sometime
this week so make sure you guys and look
out sorry this vibes kind of short we
were rehearsing for our UK tour so if
you guys haven't gotten your tickets
make sure you guys go get your tickets
down below see you guys tomorrow take
care and pick
Pressey that's it I see you after
swimming desire uses wipe oh nice nice
when I said get up good girl what tell
me honey you gotta tell yo kitto no then
will happen thank you
you're scared upstairs that so you came
so the only time you come to me when
you're scared yeah
Wow I bought you a lot of stuff from
London you know I know what I brought ya
my heart I brought my heart back to you
geriatric huh wanna watch Netflix why
what do you wanna watch on Netflix
nothing see see you can wear nothing on
that's all that's left
my baby is my baby right here just a
baby hmm why'd you steal my bread me
maybe yo Magnus took my bread do
something
she took my bread - with my bread so
you're probably so you're probably
wondering what happened to shirts to
choose to NSA's sanctuaries along with
many other stores we have talked so in
short firm so in short form
hello I mean Kuna not video on it today
is it clean greedy yeah like for 22 in
the morning and my dad is sleeping and
he just called me to see who I was
talking to wait on yourself
so big up sushi so big up sushi can a
shout-out to candy K for Celica
something is basically selling is
basically our guide us time to vlog we
should gives you a thumbs up and go
Brioni thank you so much for all the
love and support I miss London I miss
Birmingham I miss Manchester I miss
Bolton and I miss all these crazy times
that we had in the UK so this summer
we're gonna be back so if you guys
didn't get your tickets for a UK tour be
sure to get it the link is the
description box below 3mph code that UK
get your ticket soon as possible we also
have merchandise I'm so tired right now
it's like 4:30 and I just finished
recording my 3mh rant video so you guys
want to check it out the link will also
be in the description box below and
before I end this vlog I want to give a
huge shadow - yes mean nothing mean and
 me that so on my birthday
they sent me a frame I mean they sent me
a little canvas thing that says it says
always remember you are braver than you
believe stronger than you seem smarter
than you think and love more than you
know thank you so much - yes me Sami de
and and as me so thank you guys thank
you so much to you guys I'll be opening
more birthday present I'm still
receiving them so thank you so much once
again and that's a wrap peace
member
