hey guys what's up hope you're all doing
great today it was good what's up what's
up if you guys do not know I just got
back from the UK not just long and I
haven't seen me much amount in a couple
days and they don't know I'm here right
now so I'm gonna surprise him and say
what's up and let's see how this goes I
missed you guys love I missed you more
Rima I missed you more
I missed you what no I missed you more
yeah I missed you more
you're lucky to both you teeth broke
yeah yeah really it's too much candy
your teeth gonna be really bad if you
keep doing that don't eat too much candy
okay yeah okay yeah Andy do you know
your gets too much came to you no yes no
yes sorry mom
everybody was asking for you in UK in
London Manchester Bolton Birmingham they
were asking about you and you took a man
somebody said they want to marry you huh
some some little boy said he wants to
marry you no yes no yes and the girl
says she wants to marry you
huh what are you gonna say yes yeah yes
high five
what about you yes sir yeah yeah are you
just cutting about yes I gave me given
you just copying a man I lose your eye
on this I say sit down right there as
you guys have got some gifts thank you
guys so much for the gifts I you guys
gave us too for me shake and remind him
out it really means a lot and it makes
it
is this teddy bear I believe is for Rima
Bieber sit down sit down
yeah you like you get mad how is this
yeah
opener wow you got Beunos you got a
whole kinder mini mix hold this pause it
fiction
who's that sick she's like cake I
thought she was yeah that's me and
that's who I didn't see that is crazy
thank you so much who is these tests
name Musa testing Musa thank you so much
they take you to Steve thank you just me
Maddy's kind of sad cuz yeah we're
having enough huh this pink the teddy
bears pink she's dating one so what do
you want something soft easy huh the
chocolate soft huh come on people in UK
asking why you why is it huh oh we may
give you a teddy bear
she gave it to you I wish it don't keep
the dirty a bit how's your teddy bear
now we're gonna give it to you oh this
is me she give a teddy bear that like
each other bigger good this week
remaining so sweet so sweet for that
Rima if that's sweet but Bob is that
good boy see man you smell really good
where's the money - k bro thanks man
are you coming home I've seen you have
so long finally but he's not that
different number yeah it was really yeah
shoutout to yeah so he gave me Cologne I
can't tell you guys what it is you want
secret cologne you're like so super to
what I think I could tell what is it
it's it um it's a call from you okay
didn't know what it is
oh okay is it American nuts with UK not
thought she's crazy right
I tell you now so G I miss you guys I
miss someone I was in a while but ready
to do work and ready for this UK tour is
gonna be crazy shake you ready yeah
alright well she seemed quite miss you
guys right hey hi guys so we're going to
the movie theaters we're about to watch
the movie Dumb and Dumber to Shane
waiting for that movie now they come
back I know she should get a move it
shake us to move one man whenever number
two no good guy started it started my 20
years ago Palmas windows you guys recall
what he is later
previously we were gonna watch our dumb
dumb right so see how this goes well she
guys knows funnies one of my favorite
all-time movies so hopefully - there's
mine in childhood film of love she
joking there's only good so at the movie
didn't pass a Tuesday bro go ladies and
gentleman to my right as you can see his
Adam saw lack and to my left is slim
alibi witness to say they're both
professional players of basketball
brynhilda has a boo-boo play with my
jacket on he's gonna play with his
jacket on what I'm really excited about
is that
powered by Sega's Sonic hedgehogs
Burnett see sago sago powered by Sega
okay sakes where Sonic is from so I'm
just really happy to watch 8250 seven
eight seven six
yo 272 197 three two one Oh game over SS
103 game-winner if you take off my
jacket boo-boo let me take a look let's
talk about jacket is over
we scored eight seven six five four
three two one
Oh Oh miss them had two games right we
want you don't know why I'm always
negative
yogi he one wants a bike no sweat
we're gonna play another game but the
aim of the game is proves wise a better
jump shot and I'm gonna be that
I didn't become high school that's
awesome I give you so high right now is
so close to beating the world right
there
the highest ranking I wanna believe in
you bro you guide this man you got me -
yeah T three minutes you got this one
right we help you making every shot
let's go let's go ten seconds come on
shot boys I got more shots a couple more
shots yeah yeah I don't got it look B
that era a free round
oh man I lost my voice man oh yeah Adam
3 2 1 3 2 1 3 2 1 3 2 1 3 2 1 my guitar
yeah that's it
my man's just beat the world record so
Tiger eyes like a well right my man's
how do you build oh great I get my place
three major three men holding it there
now if anybody wants everyone to since
some don't own a bike
it's under shake you know creamy shake
creamy shake they sucking ball they
don't piss me slim well you've know a
competitor with each other we always
were always in teams will meet a crazy
team yeah so if anybody wants a place to
a new ball we don't get on bring it on
the milkman right here and you got
Gordon yeah no one is pulling on it
I don't know what I don't know who I
don't know but I don't mean nobody wants
my best want to let us know and we'll
probably meet up and have a tour - so
see how let's go all right so disciple
butter and popcorn wanna put butter like
deep down this is what you got to do
this is a New York City way this
put it deep in here see it's deep down
put it in here shake punch me okay but
good good idea stop
Louie genuine Halle Berry other side go
ahead recording smart lady I mean this
is our new invention hi you pipe butter
it's a popcorn stop all right experiment
done by I'm Solly it will be your
finishing and then you plug on the top
Wow looks good Adam great job you should
have your own Food Network thanks money
I bet we'll have a million subscribers
on YouTube you guys don't know my
celebrity crush is Jennifer Lawrence
brother
Hey
dumb and Dumberer themselves they were
just like shaking shaking slim down with
them it was really funny we really liked
us watching Scooby shake yeah but I
think I think part one was was the best
I mean every part one is always the best
but this move is why Jim Carrey never
wanted to do sequels for this specific
reason yeah it was still a really nice
moves enjoyed freaking movie ok put ones
better you know no real nice I'm just
saying you know it was good it was but
was nice just it wasn't so if you guys
didn't catching the poster Adam is
actually in the movie Dumb and Dumber to
check it out
he's on the poster no no no number two
son Jason you look perfect to fit it you
fit right in
so it's nice to see yourself yeah you
guys fit it that's very huh
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you all enjoyed this flag if
you did make sure you guys give vodka
thumbs up and go turkey all these a
cdata vlogs make your day truly means a
lot and thank you all so much for
helping me reach 100,000 followers on
Twitter it is just so amazing I remember
the days when I was feeling my worst
when I was just going through so much
stuff you guys may smile especially on
Twitter I would like at your mentions
you guys are the ones that kept ting
positive kept me motivated and kept me
strong so thank you guys so much for
that it truly means the world and I
really hope at least our ACA daily vlogs
make you guys smile or brighten up your
day so it truly means a lot thank you
and thank you thank you thank you I hope
you all have a great night I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another a a daily
vlogs take care and peace I love you
member
