right now in the park in Paris this
cloud is beautiful friend of a guy hey
what's up random cool guy
Salam alaikum I just blowing
something something listen up slowing
them that is crazy
oh my god I need to try this
I'm doing this you got it borrow your
option get it open girls it oh my god
let me guess someone would put some on
your head okay put some on our head
gosh
I didn't shake it more but don't be
afraid I'm not afraid was not more war
Bravo you're not moving
you
you
ah
they become very very bitter just ample
moisture specific number was rule Allah
Allah he got muscles here was our system
oh you see rifle dies I don't know he
just is a pen
we got snot here yeah somebody messes
with me I'm agreeing oh yeah
come on talk to me come on come on I'm
gonna a massive crying I miss you I love
you I love you more Habibi I love you
Tina don't cry are you ok don't cry
it did help laughing I'm here in New
York already don't quite get mad ok ok
goodnight you call me get out go to the
put put a smile put a smile on the under
camera let me see you smile let me see
what did Dina let me see you smile yes I
don't want to seek him out ok don't cry
ok ok it's ok for me calm ok I love you
you're gonna come soon i'ma see you ok
ok you man honey I probably want to live
why i did not like nothing about Twitter
for life a long time cuz my iMac got
what nobody cares about Julia Twitter
son oh I'm so be honest did you miss me
Martha little you did are you so sweet
give me a kiss I can give you a kiss on
the cheek mmm
okay let's Russian what you're still a
baby no nice you're you sell a baby
you're ten yeah are you bigger did I go
back to school
and I go to school by myself he's double
digits now he's big I so now I'm finally
back in New York City I couldn't vlog
anything at the flight and yeah has a
kosher tray I couldn't fly anything at
the flight from Paris to New York but I
really really do miss Europe so much you
guys do not know how much I miss Europe
so much the only thing I missed about in
America is the people that watch our
videos in America and my family it's
only a mess but I did not miss America
at all I did I miss the American accent
I did not miss nothing about me I did
not miss the food the Europe the
European food is much about the European
chocolate is much better everything in
Europe so much better I want to go back
there and I just I miss you guys thank
you guys so much for love and support
from London to Paris to Birmingham to
Amsterdam to Germany to Poland from
every country that to every country it
truly means the world and truly means a
lot
thank you guys so much for the bottom my
heart this was a dream come true and
shala
the next time we're gonna go there we're
gonna
have a big really really big show so get
ready for that
guess what came out
if a sound and he cried you can huh okay
give me a pickup I love you so much
how much did you miss me a lot a little
bit so much how much like show me how
much thousand million thousand million
how much did you miss me mm huh what
about you man
thousand fifteen J a thousand six
hundred about you Rima and they had that
I don't know she said but something like
this I love you big hug both you guys I
love you I love both from equal your
characters why
don't cry Nixon be a big boy okay okay
now give me five say I love London and
the end
Nannan well that's it and Yemen see and
remind say and Yemen and Paris and
Amsterdam I don't see em in stir damn
yeah yes a Birmingham she's a damn mean
ham in for the yeah gifts get hey you
let me kiss I cannot decide dick well
that chocolate is it good you do taste
the difference between a American
chocolate and European chocolate yeah
which one is better
oh yeah European alright yeah it's more
real real it's kind of big on her
belly's beautiful hey why is he gonna
get a spitter up fix it fix it real Reba
we wanna think she's in volume I danced
a
you
I miss bad everything out how's it gonna
I missed we must so much every time when
I come back from anywhere that I go Rima
grows up and she gets older and bigger I
don't want you to grow up Reema
I don't want you to grow up no way cuter
grow up Reema I don't want you to grow
did you miss me
how much did you miss me uh how much -
Wow you miss me a lot give me a big kiss
mom I do have a surprise for you guys
and I won't tell you guys to like a week
or so but it's a nice surprise and Reema
is gonna tell you the surprise not me
and she will tell you guys in a few days
from now so stay tuned for the surprise
you're gonna tell them ready you think
they're ready huh
what are we gonna let you guys know
sooner say bye hi guys we're gonna wrap
up the vlog here because I feel so
exhausted I feel so happy that I'm back
with real and Hamza and everybody the
family and yeah I do really miss Europe
your feet your okay make sure you guys
give like a thumbs up and go Turkey and
I will see you guys tomorrow with
another ace a daily vlog scream us a
thumbs up take care and peace go just go
mom no legs yeah
say I love you I love you I love you I
love you
why fine go say bye say later hey Leila
lady I love you more I love you more I
love you more
member
