what's up guys so I just came back from
the the post-op is to try to get some
pure box because we have a lot that we
have a victor for a while but it's
closed so I can't think of nobody likes
it but I'm going back tomorrow a lot to
pick up the rest and you know I cannot
wait to open it even the meeting greets
you guys so much gifts so much a like
wristbands and stuff look I got three of
them right here and I want to give a
shout out so Munira and her sister for
this bracelet that she gave and someone
else gave me this Palestinian loom band
and someone has given is basic challenge
do you guys a shout out to everyone who
gave us gifts and stuff slim is like he
completes me like slimming always there
for me he's like so sweet sometimes you
are you so mad like what time I'll spill
in my heart on the bone to shake and I
think I'm gonna shake as well want to
literally choke me I'm so mad I got so
mad jack doan is cool but is it Jack
wood is a great are you all so romantic
heavy romantic romantic every romantic I
serious socked oh I missed you god I
haven't seen in 24 hours group are you a
lot to be like to be made like let's
let's just touch my cheeks bro no power
did I was like
mm baby you light up my world like
nobody on stupidest you say against me
oh Beautiful magazine they'll understand
what I want you so that you know that's
what makes you beautiful dollar bills
now you're never a solutions we take
credit card on every time
Barnaby cheese Food Stamp very much
please never know is SS alright wrong
please gentlemen do backflip I'm about
to jump off four feet off the ground
are you ready
thank you very much ready please do not
try that hole Oh what have you said
about Sheikh Akbar jumping off the for
free oh man I was amazing man I could
really the way you just like put his
feet up in the air put those three
seconds man he got nothing Jackie Chan
got nothing on you today's you're gonna
be playing this game is gonna be like
this what's the game called let's keep
on charades no that's great it's like
this I'll just tear a direction and
we'll make up a name which shouldn't
colony so we're about to play a game
called act out a song this is how it
goes
there's four people here right one to 84
flying diggity you have to break Amity
giving me and Ari versus Tejada and
Ayman all right you guys ready all right
let me let me let me tell you the guys
the rules for this game just how it's
gonna go where they gonna be for song
from the Hat or we don't have a hat but
you know cup do these four songs inside
just come each team is gonna choose a
song and we're gonna have to act it out
for a partner we have to act it out for
a partner and yeah we have the actor
like say it's it's it baby like my were
eating like baby
you lie oh my world like that you know
act it out so let's see how this goes
all right ready all right so he's about
to take out his first song from the cup
is gonna be him and her she's gonna be
acting out for her
all right love to growl
yeah you got it
okay that's for Maria Brendan I'm good I
don't give it away
yeah I've seen that are you ready yeah
it was so fast so what am I not a girl
I'm not okay
so what we have so far no so far we have
a mom heart be saying is there some of
it what am I going what's happening to
me
whatever no what am i doing look no I'm
getting what finally so what we are
support quite see it's in under you got
this I'm what yeah
like a jar and is coming your way
hello
hi
hi me hi
hi
you
hi
they don't know
oh hey maybe I think he's trying to
saying what is he what are you okay boy
what do you change hey baby yeah okay
God why did he keep on saying that you
baby you do you what world humans people
this baby
hard to tell alright so we're done with
the game it was me and Hugh versus them
- there's no winners here we are all
playing fair here but you got - yeah
keys
you see what he's like he's like
whatever my Terry dude double your baby
but yeah hope you guys enjoyed gets it
together thumbs wrong and you don't
you're yawning thank you so much for the
support tomorrow
