it is gonna be crazy and shallow we got
more security for this one so hopefully
it turns out great we all like what
77-year around a perhaps if I disagree
more organized people yeah where that
people are doing eating us busy sitting
and I come rob us or take our money or
throw eggs at us and stuff like that and
I have no clue why a lot of you wants it
I have no clue why people taking the
time out to even do that and I don't
know man why do you keep people UK thugs
UK thugs honest man my day my pop I've
no idea well so you know me as right we
have to February so where's the hair
problem guys yeah we do the middle gate
for you guys so we don't care about
anything we just want everybody to be
safe so see that I see the security
right there
they brought so much security for the
people there but a lot of people waiting
Oh
like that
listen what up man
twist me guide me nobody looks it's
delicious people are nice we just got
mop once again in Birmingham now
security and police in here we're in
this corner and it was just humming come
on closing on it who scratched up a
little Mabel up here I'm up here brother
oh hi so now we got two meetings about
the car
come on
all right
okay
Oh
I could rat see hi how do you do for God
the minimizer diva
Yallah Yallah giggle he's so cute are
you okay
Hey
I won't even watch how they give me keep
your mama shadow they shout out to my
mom give a huge shout out to Michael oh
yeah enjoy your fur for keeping our
Birmingham be agree under control so in
a well we have how to design your
brother's Amy I mean no London barely
been diverting I'm sorry Oh ever Travis
is my Maggie Machado - Mountain -
walking through and I have a scene with
regalia but finally see some here so
what's up guys Wow okay the shy one
right there I might have put all right
but you're gonna talk like this you see
those ones you can you teach me accent
yeah so
Oh me you know you look like tell me
tell me a salary looks like I don't know
okay the strings you're doing great
things
joy come on you know Kourtney Kardashian
my impression of Patrick go I mean so
skies and it go to the store anyway I
can never talk them oh my god
all right so the meet and greet in
Birmingham is finally done you guys got
us on the newspaper Birmingham and get
just crazy London Birmingham you guys
are just just I can't even explain I'm
just speechless and so thankful for all
you guys for coming out and just blessed
to have that much people that you know
watch our videos get inspired and laugh
and just knowing that we make you smile
is truly the world Wi-Fi here is just
horrible me kid even upload vlogs daily
vlog like that and there's a lot of
people that's been there for like four
or five hours before so you're truly
much alive and guys for coming that
early and staying there a lot but didn't
get pictures even know that they stayed
we did not any pictures you are I
promise we're gonna be back and we're
gonna have something really really
organized because we did not know was
going to be this crazy we did not know
that he's gonna be really organized like
like a hundred securities and we're
gonna hold it down we're gonna do a skit
and it's gonna be hilarious and you guys
will nothing we had three security that
we could handily in Birmingham we had
seven and we still got more like dinner
all right there and we took in a handle
so next time you're coming with like
yeah today MO and this is a right now at
the spot and Birmingham a huge shout out
two months old he's the one that made
all this happen in UK so huge Atta to
him and huge I was amazing a night in
shisha lounge if you guys ever come to
the Birmingham go to Sheila's one of the
best features over there and most
amazing it is amazing food so yeah my
stomach's full like musio's there's much
below the trend let's let him look
around let's look for it here
oh thanks for everybody for the gifts
everybody forgives thank you so much
we're gonna check everything one of
these and vlog them so thank you so much
initiation but even if I couldn't take
pictures a lot of people they just don't
the gifts at the back so then get all
put it well ladies a lot Hey alright
this is the cars is pretty sick look
this is life smush on a review nice oh
I'm so it is the memo so very much
come on go JAMA Moe's Tavern without you
shout out to me go thank you me thank
you so much for making can have email me
everything chick I met right there he's
one who got me out the policemen truly
means a lot shake shake ag√ºero what up
so heating up my new pajamas I know to
do Nutella the mashallah these houses in
Birmingham look beautiful man Michelle
Duggar house was time to wrap up
like hope you all enjoyed this vlog if
you did make sure guys give like a
thumbs up and go turkey London I got my
hat stolen and we got mob burning ham I
got my hat stolen and we got mobbed next
up is Amsterdam and let's see how that
goes so the people who got my hat please
take care of it don't throw it away just
take care of it okay I hope you all
enjoyed these vlogs from Europe we'll be
having a lot more from Amsterdam Germany
Poland and maybe Paris so stay on the
lookout for that we'll be having also no
main channel video pretty soon from
London and many more we'll let you guys
know and keep you guys updated just
follow us on Twitter or Instagram the
links will be down below take care and
peace I love you teammates a booming
gang if I ever had a fight i'ma just
bring you guys on and if you guys ever
have fight to bring me I'll come through
with Rima
member
