so I'm here with the homie Rima about
open on the package that we got from the
pew box about a week ago
Hey about a week ago we were doing this
money dance
all right so let's open a package just
Adam keep you here
Levin says shake I'll keep it on side
and I will give it to shake what happen
yeah
there's no Reema I don't know I don't
know that's Adam that's Adam is Adam no
that's Adam and that's Adam I'm just
joking Reba there's wonderful room over
here
do you like it where's huh thank you so
much thank you so many thing with the
front with the ladder so these were
candles for Emma's birthday which was in
August
rimas still gonna get and do a birthday
wish for you
ah in there yeah make a wish
hey go it yeah good so this is from
Germany it is from they spelled Hannon
but it's pronounced Jin genin Thank You
genin good man from um Germany
ee ich liebe dich dick I love you she
loves you so much thank you so much this
is amazing you're a really supportive
fan it's like so many pages that I'm
gonna be off my brother from another
mother doing homework what kind of
homework is he doing I don't know how
you guys don't know I just want to know
what homework you doing man
that's it oh my god hey guys what's up I
just met up a shake and he got his peel
box gift from Berlin from Berlin Germany
her name is Jenna so huge shut up thank
you let go your arms and already hoping
to get up and eat you the candy so we're
here in Bryant Park it looks like
there's a lot of cool shops I don't care
what you think I don't think I shop too
much I wish I lived in New York
I have my dog it's just I mean you look
like a dog and in this chick look like
me Daniel a dog now oh these macaroons
that's what it's called
Oh what is it like cupcakes or like a
new tragic go let's try my god Nutella
chocolate yay
so excited you get vanilla please give
me any vanilla and what no this is gonna
be our first time trying these macaroons
I've always thought it was like this
coloured krabby patty that's what I
thought those like real burgers but it's
colored it's actually like a cookie and
just try it
take your Trevor well
here's our
hi how you doing what's up so we just
met the cool bomb in my hair while we're
eating our macaroons she distracted me
from eating my chocolate macaroon
we fight it now everybody fight we lucky
from Bangladesh and unless we were cool
so I'm very good party Valachi a lot
she's fun she's speaking like the Iliff
like your home like where are you from
you're not from doctor you wish you
desert gonna be a she's really cool a
shout out somebody my macaroon looks so
chocolatey near me
I tried his it tasted weird I want you
it's all better
his eye anything with chocolate is 10
times better you guys do agree with that
thumbs up look up funding this please
yeah guys you tell shake everything why
this beer out alone anyways shaken we're
gonna hold hands I promise you're gonna
be just like that like that yeah just
like that
I'm holding here just like that we're
gonna go come on shake loose ooh this
well.all games I'll take care of you
I'll make sure you won't fall he's
scared to go ice skating I told him I'll
hold his hand I told him I hold his hand
meaning we'll hold hands and he's so
scared please Oh
so me and shake want to play ping-pong
but so awkward calling next because it's
not like basketballs you move a while we
like here we got next
it's like your homie we got next we're
like a ping pong all you do is like hit
the ball so let me ask for next circle
yeah I danced on page one - what - want
to you guys have paddles nah no these
are ours
you're welcome borrow one oh okay yeah
okay I think holding on it like hot
mistakes
so which carefully a pic pump because
you need to bring your own sticks and
stuff like that so we're not going to
play usually were always at unit square
but whenever I like Bryant Park or like
any other places in New York the Bryant
Park is really really fun this is not
that much people which is which is
pretty good you know sometimes when it's
a lot of people so crowded and stuff
like that you guys want to fundraising
well it was crazy what she did I see a
skinny ring right here
yeah under this was once grass well it
is under it is grass it's great how they
have a whole ring over grass so then the
artichoke of parmesan and garlic and I'm
ready to eat it from this place here I
have all these cool stands here in
Bryant Park
I have a lot of them closed all the way
down there and then around here so this
is a nice place to have a nice date
let's shake is on his phone as always so
what kind of date when you have a person
on their phone all time so slim got the
selfie stick that Seurat gave him it
looks pretty sick look how far it goes
up whoa let me know if you guys think we
should get one from the black camera
we're gonna black stick and just start
vlogging like this
oh my god oh my god look at her Oh hit
the tree oh my god the trees right there
I've been eating so much today but since
I'm using some so sit selfie stick I'm
going to show you guys and you can see
like our whole body so that's a cool
thing about you to see our faces you see
our bodies but I got
Wow
need some points I'm trying to get a lot
you some week you guys have any tips on
80 week this is one of the coolest pizza
slice I'm so sorry if you guys are
hungry right now if you're hungry don't
watch this but if you are you want to
see this cool Suppan and I also have a
Nutella slice I like eating some
chocolate this chocolate is the best and
I'm saying my gosh was time to wrap up
this vlog hope you all enjoy this vibe
if you did make sure guys give like a
thumbs up and go turkey thank you guys
follow me support Remes passport has
came in so her flight to London in
December do some I don't know Wendy for
December he's booked and it's ready to
go her first time traveling so it's
going to be awesome are gonna be having
the craziest UK tour ever and I cannot
wait to all I hope you guys are excited
as I am
tickets are down below for the link is
gonna be the first link down below so
make sure you guys get your tickets if
you haven't gotten tickets for your city
I'll see you guys tomorrow with another
AC daily vlogs take care and pick
