yeah
it is so hot here was so shopping around
I want to show you guys this guy holds
booger he has a lot of courage to do
this in Times Square so much respect to
him right there
so don't horn at me stop killing
children and Rosie you're right man
you're right
thank you so much for the support man
nobody say it elaborated it's not
killing children it has--that's
everybody out there everybody happy
Nietzsche's we've got somebody yeah so
more if you save enough is enough
yeah yeah shaken free Palestine
love that
yes cease fire 35 where you from South
America South America
oh no he's himself he's unhappy for
Ecuador yeah sure mother what is
happening a lot respected him because he
from Ecuador is doing this outside so
truly me slack
I was that's much respect she has so
much joy he's from South America Ecuador
again I'm still doing it you don't get
so like total up man you Heine dressed
up in like the Arabic close to this he
looks much cooler too yeah actually
that's pretty sad like that same way
like you're not even sure exactly right
that's I wanna start off by saying II
pivara hope you guys all have an amazing
Eid by 10:00 this videos up probably
your eat is over or something but yeah
it's either like one of the best times a
year this like so much celebrations so
much love so much passion and everything
for everyone so hope you guys enjoyed
all that and unfortunately Ramadan is
over what I love about Ramadan is that
you know it's it's it's the month where
it's the best time to gain a lot of like
good deeds a lot of forgiveness and
stuff and that month is over
unfortunately but in chocolate we all
make it till next Ramadan tonight we
have Chandra it's like we can have a
fair here it's like two blocks over my
house my parents gonna go there they can
give me some the the outfit for my
sister for me and then my sister in
public put Mindy in my hand tonight so
we you know that that each spirit you
know there's a each spirit that we get
right before you it's it's it's it's
expressed a line our families like I'm
just looking forward to that
once again either borrowed happy eat
till like see inshallah we all could
live till then and yeah so my sister's
mattress broke at our place I'm at our
place and she she has she needs to be on
the floor on a broken mattress so we
came to this friendship spot to get a
new bed I'm a what do you want a spin me
spin me spin me spin whoa I'm gonna do
what okay mady's my gosh girl you don't
you're done you're gonna give up faster
faster yes oh well this is a detainee is
you fast leave it
professor Eman Oh
that's the Radisson no caseload up this
one let's - name is gonna this well I'm
so dizzy right now one last video
well I'm Maddie I can't stand up hold on
I know Hannah no no no no no no no sodas
here my god
oh I'm so lazy I mean this is an Asian
as in Chinese people are like the worst
people to like have business with look
let me show you my mom and dad are right
now talking to though the Chinese owner
right now and they're barking back and
forth like my dad is like okay we headed
with this price and the change doesn't
know I can't do it I can only do for
this price and then he gets down a
little and my dad you wanted lower
you
rimas trying on her clothes for Eid I
ready Rima she got her hands done with
this thing called kebab does not hand at
something called kebab is like to see
how many kind of so I don't know if you
guys from other countries I couldn't do
it but she kept moving so kind of mess
up but still looks kind of cool here we
show them do you like it stand up let me
tell so I just wanna wish you all a
happy Eid Mubarak spend with your family
spend with your close friends show them
a lot of love always be happy keep
smiling and we must say Eid Eid Mubarak
Mike
yeah very good thumbs up back up hey hey
Mike your videos here gimme kiss you big
Eid kiss thank you all for the love and
support stop repeating what I'm saying
huh yeah Oh leaving the comments below
let us know what are you guys gonna do
for 8:00 and I want to see all your eat
outfit so tweet me your eat outfits and
i'ma check them out so our Twitter's
wired me a shake gonna tweet us your eat
outfit I want to check you out I want to
see I want to see you yeah
huh I want to see you yeah I want to see
you yeah I want to see you yeah you want
to see them - yeah I got so we gonna
wrap up this vlog is your baby
he room is at the age where she's like
cobby's everything I do like she's like
a shadow eat that go okay we're gonna
wrap it to serve I kind of short yeah
because I'm gonna spend some time with
the family and you guys should too Ya Ya
Allah yeah oh my god yeah
stop what are you doing it I see you got
some more with another AC I see you got
some more with another ASAP alien
without vlogs imma fight you kind of
fight
fight yeah are you unwrap the blankie
oh hi guys dang that's up eat cut it out
dear mother and Evan Pete bye
member
