as-salam-o-alaikum apply over I can't do
me yank I hope you are having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing it so
far I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy day
it's time for you guys to see me shave
my hair completely completely bald I've
seen a lot of you guys saying Adam do
not shave my head bald do not shave my
head bald but when you're doing I'm
gonna at the end to complete your whole
I'm gonna you either can cut a little
piece of your hair or shave your hair
completely bald and I felt like I needed
to just shave my hair completely both
because my hair just been through so so
much and I'm trying to like grow it out
after without cutting the size I don't
know I'm trying to do something really
different but I decided to shave it all
bald and I'm yeah your man's got a
without the head right now and you guys
are about to see me go through crazy oh
my god crazy sided so do me again
enjoy it do not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day give
it a thumbs up and I'm enjoy bald Adam
I'll see ya next job remembers me out of
America can I touch my hair one last
time one last time touch it oh my god
I'm missing it I'm gonna miss you here
this is like the saddest part for ya
shaving my hair ball they go straight
I'm having straight up without my head
right now
I don't wanna look oh look at this bites
my hair so white - so white
some reason it sounds so satisfying
right now hope you guys love me man
even if I'm bald no hair it's good right
so no right so not send those isn't nice
didn't shaded me that's the punk
debit furniture could another how much
Sal I only moms about a Liverpool man
shout out Liverpool Thomas last scored
four goals last night he's my cousin man
how much saliva na minha and then yeah
so decide us part right now the front
going away OMG
knows me commencement all fucked up the
low-key chose good man like vample yo
write me from one through ten hot on the
ball okay hope didn't use my face or
than an ad like Yemen yeah thank you
guys so much
oh you got babies about to go in oh my
god I'm like an old man now page out of
my hair
guys look at my cut my hunger as staples
in my head
i'ma show you gotta cut right now you
see my cut let me see this mmm do you
know when I was 14 I got a cut he shot
me nine times you know what I'm saying
yeah Nonna's reaction is going easy yeah
baby pattern yeah I'm a real monkey I'm
officially involved he fixed up my beard
911 give me that facial sounds like
polka my whole my face and stuff like
that but my fog good it feels good this
is what I'm gonna is about man Wow feel
so good I wish you guys can fill my bald
head right now guys hey hey help me
please II know why you talk in America
we should help Donald um II don't get a
half hour I'm getting as much about them
as ready see this for my head our
favorite part
so soothing me bashira and Mohamed Salah
who is if every team Madrid or Barcelona
Manila buddy I love anymore
then I look like this donation like a
ghost man y'all should creep up miles
like this give me a thumbs up man thumbs
up you still like meatball thumbs up
what's up man how's it going
thank you so much man this is the most
weirdest way to meet when I'm like this
but it's all good man they give me the
block thank you I appreciate it thank
you
oh my god good Stevie balled it hi guys
doing you guys okay
no I'm legit like so good hey guys I'm
still in the process this is so awkward
cuz I got a little me gay members just
staring over there say what up man how's
it feel the stairs like my face I look
so weird
it's the wrong time to be slow get the
full of you guys doing any mapper
hi guys I got a different mask man
what's your name Heidi Heidi man tell me
about Singapore man how was it good guys
the doors open so I'm gonna get another
reaction
Oh what the hell yo why you laughing huh
you don't like this but you should have
shaved your head
what is it a cape I show some on tours
and appears like this or not like that
vents or not huh oh my god okay do me
again get it's time to wrap up this vlog
I hope you all enjoyed this vibe if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey I have around one like a
day and a half here in Mecca I'm so so
sad because this view imagine waking up
to this view right here look uh early in
the morning like this is around the edge
of time like mashallah oh my god this is
just it just makes you breathless when I
look at it but um let's zoom in once
they're getting to see how it is during
the nighttime let's see
oh wow it looks even more crowded at
this time other than that this vlog is
done do me and let me know what kind of
vlogs you guys want to see while I'm
here in Saudi Arabia do you guys want to
see me try fast-food and Saudi Arabia do
you guys want to see me I don't know let
me know in the comments below and I'll
try it out I'm not really from here so I
don't know much see you guys let me know
anyone who's from Mecca Medina jut dad
let me know whatever is interesting to
vlog and I will do it maybe this week
because I'm here for another one Mecca
for two days but then I'm going to
Jeddah for another two days so I'm gonna
be fun I cannot wait jet doesn't give me
my first time where I'm gonna be
exploring that stuff so I'll see you
guys tomorrow do me a take care and
peace I love you
