pick it up
what is that Rima yeah what is it
 this what Brian what is it oh stop
precious what color is it
Rima what color did you make it tell me
huh huh Rima what color is it purple do
you like that color so remove went to
school the meter color a pumpkin I don't
know what kind of school makes them
color a pumpkin I thought they'd make
them make a face on it that color
pumpkin now looks like a beard feels
like a you made a face where's the face
let me see I don't see no face let me
see kind of faces that is it like your
face yeah hey you want to make it like
my face
no make it like your face yes so face is
a your face easy alright guys so we just
shot an Instagram video and should be up
right now so make sure you guys check it
out Moonbeam are twinsies yeah I sit
with twinsies
twinsies come on right now he's crying
because he lost his sword sword yeah
come on come on no crack Oh
do you love me if you love me stop
crying Oh lazy Nezumi
yeah I got boogers open hagas yes yes a
real kiss
wipe your boogers
I'm you Tommy Hamza he helped me out a
lot with the video so thank you so much
I kind of lost my voice some kind of
sick I'm kind of sick I said we did not
put up any vlogs to the past few days my
throat kind of hurts and haven't gotten
sick for a while so sucks being sick and
yeah hope you guys enjoyed our new video
hope you guys enjoy this vlog make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey oh
sorry Matt hi how's it doing hissing
everyone the only nice one oh geez who
wants pizza stand up you guys stand up
okay
everyone see you guys see my hey what's
up them say what's up wait why you so
dull today
wait till dad sees what you got in your
test yeah what do you say about it last
time I did that but now I did good
that maybe dad wrote it didn't make me
do it again I get some what what's 2
times 0 so don't desert so on the test
why'd you write 2 times 0 is 2 my tattoo
is 25
where's fight ends - hey what fight ends
- hey I said right now we're about to
play some ps3 i'ma say Rojo
found art sergeant Uncharted I didn't
have to so someone was asking me the
stuff I had my wall what are they like
who sent him stuff this one was set from
the UK this one was sent from Canada
this one was also set for the UK and
this one was sent from Amsterdam and
this is our YouTube award and this one
was from Oregon shoutout to everyone
that sent these when you guys send me
posters and stuff
or any signs I'll be putting it up on
the wall I'll put like to design and
stuff so thank you so much doesn't it
look nice
which are your favorite choose one
choose one oh I see she's the one wait
Johnny put you in the middle
what do you say do you know what it says
said a man having to face so yesterday I
got that iPhone 6 the iPhone 6 - exactly
yes he's on the cool how do you click it
again yeah go put your finger check not
should try it tight unlock you go which
thumb with your thumb no no not with
that you use your thumb and try don't
like it go that is click this no budget
normal just hold this hold it watch it
click it nice you're mad you chick I'm
sure you go what I say try again now
watch this
ah it's magic only only a magician can
do this try again go try
we're to say he doesn't work it's always
try again right now look I used this
thumb before it I'm gonna use this one
yeah look the only use it to screen you
can Gary
and suck at it baby now I can watch you
over Mira give it to me home zindagi
never don't tell me
Minard open Midea are shaky
we good
hi guys that was a lot be sure to get a
thumbs up and go guys thank you so much
for watching thank you so much for the
love and support and firstly I want to
congratulate the winners of the three
mhm may have competition we will
personally go to your home or meet you
in person and talk have dinner hours all
the good stuff tickets and merchandise
are still out this if you guys want your
tickets to see us perform live or you
guys want to support us and buy our
sweatshirts snack bags shirts tea
anything they're all on a 3m a Skoda UK
website we have a new shirt coming out
it's called a team a sa shirt it says
team ASE on and it says 3mh dot u K dot
no three means that could I UK tour so
that is coming out be sure to buy that
so I think that's about it so yeah
that's a wrap peace
member
