hey guys what's up right now I'm here
with shake what up in the mirror
we're filming this video and this video
is going pretty good we got this much so
we got for the video so that's the only
hit you guys are gonna get for the video
got this already got some reactions a
huge shout out to Amira Matt well II
cream his brother but he's a mere much
wealthy
mashaallah his amazing camera work he's
gonna make the video 10 times 106 so
thank you so much time here should go
great got it
yeah yeah Machado with his camera he
gets all the reactions from far away and
that zoom that he has like zooms in
really really in so I'm so excited for
to watch it ready
we did we did a couple we did like 40 so
thirsty I'm so thirsty and that's what
it is when he doing like yeah video de
Ramadan you're so thirsty I want to
drink so much over there here like burn
your hair and then ago say like hey oh
my god I ran I were in a cab on our way
to the hood because these reactions here
in such a park like these tourists would
just like leave they get so scared they
think they're like gonna get mugged or
something to run away they just leave so
reactions alright car like that so we're
gonna go to the hood we're going to the
hood in Manhattan Harlem
and let's see how this goes Monsieur
goes you guys okay he's nervous
yeah time we going extreme hi I'm asking
how you guys feel any thoughts going to
the damn cliff ever like beyond right
now they're going off shake shake guys
shake them Satan
she was hiding something
yeah goddess leaves ax so alright guys
so it's time to wrap up this vlog I know
this vlog is super super short and one
of the shortest vlogs we've ever had but
I got into a little accident I don't
know what happened I was in the grass
with Rima we sat down in the grass for
about 2-3 hours and I got this really
bad like spider bite I don't know if you
can see it but yeah I literally cave and
move my left hand and I couldn't vlog
anything or even edit anything so I went
to the emergency room and I stayed there
for about literally 9 10 hours and then
they gave me the scream and like uh
antibiotics a lot of other stuff not
even fasting today because my I never
knew a spider bite will kill that bad I
mean if I turn to spider-man with this
pain and I don't mind this pain but I'm
not spider-man with this pain so so it's
no point of having this pain to just
hurt so bad so I'm so sorry once again
of this vlog so sharp I have good good
better news that our video is still
going to be out today at 5 p.m.
mean shake we met up and we edited the
video together you have two hands I had
one hand to edit so we added it all
together and it turned out great I
really love this video so much and I
can't wait for you all to watch it is
going to be out today at 5 p.m. we try
to do it today at 5 p.m. all right
ouch so make sure you all check it out
if you do share on Twitter will be
following people back and even people
shared on Facebook will be commenting
and like it thank you guys so much for
all the love and support hope you guys
enjoy this video and go turkey on of it
go turkey on is it alright go turkey on
this aku my thumb a little bit back in
with these fingers because it's red
later go Chucky on this vlog miss you
guys gets like thumbs up and go Turkey
and makes you guys go Turkey on the new
video if you guys want new videos every
Saturday at 5 p.m. if you guys want new
videos every Saturday 5 p.m. once the
videos out give it a thumbs up but truly
you mean a lot and if you guys enjoy it
makes you guys share it on Facebook
Twitter Instagram I know you guys gonna
love this one this one was really really
fun want to make and just weird it I'll
give you guys a sneak preview and I'll
see you guys tomorrow with another a say
daily vlogs and a shala it's all your
dad my hand will be better I never know
spider bite will be but I never know
I'll get bit by a spider I mean you guys
a preview of what the video is gonna be
on so make sure you guys check it out
the link will be below 5 p.m. and I'll
have this cool emergency response here
hey so got it huh wait yeah thanks you
guys check it out should be up front and
watches hey guys I'm Adam and I'm Sheikh
and this is true story AFC today people
are looking kinda tired today so we're
gonna go and put them to sleep I got the
pillow and I got the blanket so nope
this is just you guys gonna get Peace
Love you guys take care
member
