my hair is like a huge mess I'm going to
go to the barber and I'm heading to the
barbers right now while we're doing this
and the reason why I cut my hair early
before any occasion is because um when
the barber when you cut my hair he cuts
it short because they're really short I
don't like my hair short I like my hair
medium so I tell him like I tell them
don't cut it short but he still ends up
cutting it short and I mean it's a good
thing in a way and then it's a bad thing
because then it takes like a month to
grow back my regular size but by the
time I go to London my hair's gonna be
the size I want it so that's why I do
everything
early so hot well let this place is like
burning right now it's like it's like 90
degrees up in here alright so this is
the last few minutes that you guys can
see my hair because I like about 5-10
minutes and they start cutting it'll all
be gone so it a good last good look at
it
as I predicted he made my hair very
short it's like so small now with my
custom oh it is but yeah bye bye August
it should be it should be the way I
wanted like if you medium size though so
I'm just looking forward today and right
now I'm let's go take a shower and maybe
just maybe I may go play cricket with
some people right after OOP we could go
blue camo like going on to Q eternal
what up what up gangsta my mama my bad
my bad
Emily right when you don't know camera
is taking his moment I think is using a
bathroom I just put one spot right here
Sophie because I just took a shower and
there's no cold water so I had to boil
water one is right here and so I'm here
with will costume shove it up son what's
up so he challenged me he's like he's
like on a challenge pylon I don't
know what you know when you know he told
me you guys gotta know Ethan like a
couple of minutes go ahead
he plays cricket right he plays for the
team and all but I told him that I could
get him out under six balls but he's
doubting that he he said boss he's like
have all the balls you want
you're still not give Mia that's not you
right yeah and here's agreement we're
not whipped around reporting on if I
could get you a quick cricket I
symphonious it get it why save life save
the holes life
hey if he gets me out within a hundred
balls I'm done
you don't cricket everyone heard a lot
right yeah I write stuff play right now
and of course he's a cricket champion
over here and we got
shake up our boys about uh-oh you're
hitting your pitching huh
do you know what that oh that's a strike
what is that it was a strike the cricket
explained Ikes besides it's not a strike
it's always getting out and see the
wicket you hit that you get out oh just
on the floor I got a look like at this
usually to fix Oh hit the sticks with
the ball you're out
oh that's nice using protection Oh so
using the can as a we get it pretty much
oh you got it oh yeah
comes the wicket oh boy oh boy smooth
chill me voila
see ball is still there you would hit me
there he goes oh you out well I heard
that you play trick in your also that
goes around the countries of wine well
I'll pay for you I send a 19 that's
something I'm very proud of Oh
next I'm gonna advise your and out to
this much watching
this is the first time playing cricket
let's see I does right cricket isn't
that easy
while you chase the bull out what did
you what did you oh oh
slow quick it is easy it is bring the
boat we I left it on me man they got
nothing I'm a star player natural-born
Talent
unfortunately I couldn't get him out
under our goddess you gave me a couple
of extra balls like like 70 80 but
couldn't get them up your pops you I
couldn't get you on 70 volts on Roanoke
Island dressing yeah I'm supposed yeah
he couldn't get me I either we were
playing in this Olympian so let me ask I
got him on video
taketake I said yeah so we're all gonna
join the cricket team yes solid ace
Yemen Pakistan we didn't boy Oh sing
some thought I had up we make a noise ah
some lumber I stopped cause I don't see
the end that's the end of the vlog we
share this video a thumbs up and go
beyond um in the beginning the vlog my
hair was like so big and yesterday's
vlog my hair was cut the reason for that
was this vlog I recorded it and it was
suppose we put up and yesterday's vlog
but it kind of something kind of
happened so I had to re-edit it and put
it in today's vlog so like that's the
explanation for her my my my big hair
and other than that hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog right now I was like
three o'clock the morning I'm so tired
I'm gonna have to quickly edit this this
is the last part up to the outro and
then put in and then after that I'm
gonna knock out so 30 minutes stem in 30
minutes have to wake up for fresh and so
yeah and I really hope you guys enjoyed
and that's a wrap peace
you
