oh my god mama you're so cheesy wow this
is the first time ever I'm doing a video
a solo video in my new house what's up a
doobie gang this is Adam Saleh and I'm
here at the new Adams family house where
every day is a big big day today is
gonna be a hilarious hilarious video
because this is a video I never knew I'd
make I told you guys on Twitter a while
ago that my mom made a snapchat and the
reason why she made a snapchat is to
literally stalk every move that I make
she just wants to see what I'm doing
every single day our parents so one week
passed by and my mom would stalk my
snaps every single day I would see on my
red thing he says mama Saleh watched
your snaps and I would sort of finger
like oh my god my mom watch my snaps and
then another week passed by my mom
started stalking my whole family snaps
all my brothers snaps highly snap Yusuf
hams that literally my whole family
snapchats and then after that my mom
started knowing how to use snapchat and
she started posting snaps like my mom
who never ever had any social media and
now she has a snapchat as she snapchats
every day and I'm not gonna lie to me
it's the most funniest snapchats ever so
today I'm gonna be reacting to my mom's
snapchat of my stories let's um let's
have some fun but before react to mama
style snapchat stories to do me gay you
thought I forgot make sure you guys
subscribe click the subscribe button if
you guys have it I upload every single
day the weirdest craziest videos always
leave it thumbs up and do me getting
appreciate you guys so much one light
means a lot I put you notifications on
if you guys wouldn't be notified with
the video every single day and now let's
um reacts my mother's snap
this is kind of embarrassing by the way
because I'm showing my mom's crazy
embarrassing snaps she only gets like
seven views on her snaps it's literally
just family private so do me Aang I'm
taking you guys in I'm taking you guys
in mama Sal has like so I noticed once
we moved into the new Adams family house
mom started doing a lot more snaps I
don't know I just feel like you know a
refresh there made her like really
really happy I'm a react to my Instagram
DMS really really soon a lot of people
that oh my god
why are you so overhyped you have a
house like you guys don't understand my
story like we've never had a house like
this and my mom seen me grind from like
zero to now so it's a big accomplishment
I'm sorry I'm not gonna get into that
let's um let's watch mom snaps all right
guys this is my mom's first snap so this
is on Sunday the funny thing is she has
a freaking bitmoji I didn't even have it
on my snapchat I think this is the
closest you guys will ever see my mom
let's zoom it on this literally looks
just like my mom
this bitmoji looks just like my mom she
wrote in Arabic because I don't think
she can write in English but she wrote
hey Ali binti with ebony which means my
daughter's kids and my son's kid which
is awesome I just find this so so
hilarious because I'm imagining my mom
right now telling them like yo ya Habibi
get up get up let me do it chips snack
on you guys are not gonna miss you in a
sec no youni you comes at well ah you
need to hold mustn't get if he don't
hold himself well I'll give you one big
snack back to DJ Khaled's house you know
how to smile smile say we the best I'm
not even joking to do me a that's how I
imagine my mom doing that snap I this is
her other snap she wrote and met wash he
which means like she's laughing like
lmao I have a lot of questions for this
snap like first of all why does mustn't
have a muff wash in his hand like my
wash is a it's a little stick that you
you cook food like Yemeni food colossi
why did he have it outside and it looks
like he's playing baseball like mama I'm
sorry but I bought the roast you like
please don't tell me he's playing
baseball used to do this to me when I
was a kid she's giving them a collage
wrap up aluminum foil and throw it at me
like Ella I'm telling you guys I'm not
even joking Martin was definitely
playing baseball here not complete a mom
though that's cute he's playing baseball
like as long as he
playing a sport because that's my mom's
excuse she's like he's still playing
sport it's still baseball right and to
be honest she has a point even though
like there is it a bat there isn't like
a ball he has an aluminum four and he
has my watch and he can still play
baseball so mama that's the genius idea
I love you now I know where I get my
brain thinking from you all right guys
this is one of the funniest ones I so
mama has a snapchat of like that and she
wrote Elle hag happy alaya thought
barometer with her Lily this man is mine
and I really hope he lives a nice long
life and to keep him mine oh my god mama
you're so cheesy I roasted you what the
hell I don't even know why I'm roasting
you because I'm cheesy too
I've always been cheesy all my life I'm
just joking i cheesy it's just it's just
romantic and cute and now I know where I
also get it from which is my mom my mom
is super romantic she loves you know
like all lovey-dovey
I wish your mind forever I love you hi
baby so much well I have loved you more
than the way you love a seat seriously
my mom is so romantic so mama thank you
for being romantic the jeans kind of
spread now and you know here all right
this is the cutest snap that my mom ever
done that's mama I love you for this I'm
not in row seat she put up a snap of me
taking a selfie in the suit see my mom
loves you no suits and stuff so she
loves seeing me in a suit but she wrote
it do me happy heart emoji ahead
Beckwith ethic and a thumbs up oh that's
so cute my mama remembered me man this
is a message to my mom I love you so
much sir see you're the world I know
you're watching this woman give you
kisses I feel like I'm doing this video
personally just for my mom to watch but
I'm releasing it like publicly for the
world to watch too so my mom is gonna
bug out depending on how much more views
he gets suddenly give you a hug I love
you mama and this was her last snapchat
it was the cover of Malibu chapter two
and she said
Manhasset deck does suck and the 100
sign emoji probably my sister definitely
showed my mom the 100 sign emoji I know
this so well because I can imagine my
mom doing this I know her so well she
knows that she's so old school but the
thing is she's trying to be new school
right now to keep up with all of us so
she's always asking questions to my
family like yo ya give Nia come come
daddy put put Jumanji I want Jumanji
seriously mama Saleh I just want to say
I love you so much thank you for being
by my side every single day like my mama
speaks her every single day she's my
world I'm sorry if I roast you I'm sorry
for you know the little ratchet for you
but mama you know the ratchetness I get
it from my dad but yes the do me gang
this is the end of this video I just
want to say thank you guys so much for
all your love and support that you guys
show every single
I will be in Kuwait for a few days and
then I'm back here in the new Adams
family house I am taking my lie detector
test with me because I'm gonna do a lie
detector test on mom/manager nas I don't
know I just felt like there'll be a cool
idea of putting a lie detector test on
your manager quite to make sure you guys
get your tickets Adam Saleh worldwide
comm we added VIP tickets so quaint if
you guys want any VIP tickets this is
your last chance to get it because the
show is December 2nd and December 3rd to
show is to do me yank weights this is my
first time ever doing an album
performance we're just having a little
test out see if it goes well and if it
does who knows maybe we'll do a world
tour I do big and see you guys tomorrow
thank you guys so much for your love and
support thank you for the thumbs up you
guys show every single day subscribe put
your notifications on every day is a big
day everyone see you guys tomorrow take
care peace I love you up outside just
know what's been ready for you girl I
can't lie can't wait to put you on
tonight cuz that's all filled girl and
on a rail we'll be doing the most
tonight just you and I girl I put on my
needs aside from one-on-one session and
you already know I'm on a mission cuz I
know you've been waiting for me to come
through long overdue over a coup I can't
get over you constantly thinking on my
way to you
