hey guys welcome to area same vlogs I'm
here with slim and we are gonna do a
challenge today unfortunately shake is
not here and we couldn't upload of like
yesterday because meaning were hanging
out with the family we just got down on
the starter right now we're gonna do a
challenge for you guys I don't know what
to called yet the title whatever it is
we don't know what it's called but this
is how it goes so slim you had something
in his blog it goes like this how it
goes I call it I will hold it the animal
slapping game so pretty much you start
from A to Z and you have to name an
animal with that letter so basically saw
a then you say a ape and then you're
gonna be you go for like banana butter
you say everything with animals and if
you get it wrong you get slapped in the
end okay so you got to go in a row like
ABCD efg to see their animals we're
gonna make twisted make it like a
Ramadan kind of theme so we're the
Muslim names Muslim names Muslim names a
Muslim names Muslim names estrogen of
Israel if you if you didn't get a like I
used to me have to get a 3-second oh
yeah
okay but people don't get it remove the
next leg okay all right okay all right
so then we do a no-no we continue going
we continue going into somebody gets out
okay huh you continue going to the song
I listen because you know we tried that
I tried the better we're gonna probably
I'm a slamming man or I'm gonna slap you
hard I'm talking slapping Maris my yard
all right we see how good so let's start
this and we gotta say muscle names from
A to Z and it gets a wrong approach
syllables first in the right place I
guess I'm gonna go for it
right up here versus says shoot gun bum
bum bum ha I love you got over serious
says he let me win with the gun yelling
what the end yeah I was Split Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
as easy they ready Freddy sir hey go hey
what up oh you're right I don't
alright so be on bushland um see Holub
see how many of you see Hey anyways yeah
I got I see uh um Casspi Casspi there's
a girl named Kathy I seen on today
are you serious that's like it that's
the movie name with us - give me a no no
no no give me head : Cass B's neither
give me it ah see we consider you see I
don't care uh yeah no no I don't care
what kitchen you see because I'm si si
si si si si si si si si no no yes I see
no it's less yeah I expect is it oh
we're just we're gonna skip the letter C
because there is it any Muslim name with
the letter C I don't know if you guys
know any name with the with the letter C
leave in the comment I don't love me a
lot there's gonna be a lot let me not
gonna trust me okay so everybody when I
can get it we'll skip it that's how you
would be yeah I do ma Diana Daniel
Daniel Daniel Diana II huh he what whoa
letter e let me head alright give your
head you're up yeah you're up I'm
telling em come on Nana
shadow are no cigar hey what's up ah
always in that heart and to sign what
and the sod
let's is it really cities and I started
running wall on my left sir
I find us on f4 Jonah what the hell were
there's a girl I don't need to join she
Arabic yeah is Emma Sony yeah she's
already know missile name get name
muscle smooth for Jonah that's a Bosnian
name whatever same thing no give me high
I run an hour Jonah Oh Jonah Oh Jonah Oh
Jonah you serious for John I love John I
don't John gee geumja following Gandhi
know this is really hard things that go
is ass in the D go Angie get mad hey no
game at my nephew's Jane no no no
mumbles GG alright that'll pass
ever as your H is he is eh um Hodge are
I
it's exercise dreamy Oh me give me Oh
and algebra I go easy on you oh thank
you I just read a u-turn I will am i all
right
I am very I am too a nun mm well luck oh
you're close enough
wha no it's time I was I didn't have
wha-wha-what all right now let's share
it j oj Jemma no no no you said I said
can get out okay
and then Jane Jamel made this guy you
see what it's called you smart doesn't
mean don't know is that lasted Jamel I
owe my answer is it okay okay um
captain look no have to be no no serious
you guys are so cheesy cap in my nose
kappa banana wallah swear I've on
driving it's just a liar go back to bed
yo this guy's the island I don't know
I'm alive give me the smack but for you
guys Casper is a name anybody who was
from Yemen and no name of Catholic
please tell down below no I'm gonna take
this Mac I'm taking this Mac by no cat
piss around me
I know cap is your only woman he
necessary okay so you I put off wipe it
off for yourself I don't know what like
a quiz in you I said well my shirt
that's messed up
oh no you don't good I know you have
your any senator yeah Holly don't Jay Oh
l-let me
yo are you serious no yeah this guy's
joking Libby I never heard anyone know
you all my name's Alice guy you make
your to Americanize my man
Levine let me use the name no it's much
out of cousin a millipede ever oh he's
serious
um huh may wanna three my mother is a
shake sister's day and and match what I
said nedra oh my god Oh
Iceman ice - my hotness my love you
yeah it's all nephew see look my present
my cousin Pete ha
there's no little peon in princess three
seconds none but we saw in princess
video dresses City mom I got it is no
bullet
there's no letter P notice don't repeat
I know you get all that summer service
time up Jerry time time out time out
card cut there's no little Pete in
Arabic somebody inside the other
yeah series that takes lat
man I'm getting slashed for no reason
like oh did you get man oh oh
let's get a cheating me uh-huh so nuts
next P Hadji there's no letter P P what
letter P passing give me the are now
passing passing oh no path hassle that
buzzing never passing any why head back
to oh he's a cheater I'm a cheater yeah
what that was a passin you don't like
Batson my passive there's no letter P
Narvik this philosophy letter P really
cyrix Muslim Muslim anything
oh ah oh don't try this at home guys
oh thank you Cupid cute huh hello Jason
cute cute oh dear yeah I see it she it's
naughty
nah it won't lock is that a deal I are
the have what is posing as if your ex
Sarah icon girl you say my name has met
mr. Brooke Auslan slave I don't want to
say names and see Datuk no teeth pop not
teeth Dada was any study huh see you
Osama what Osama
that's what oh no you can do any more
like taxes tu V the Veronica right
number is like what Veronica when I came
in that's right it's Brad I got him
drinka pop oh yeah yeah yeah yeah three
let's see seconds nicely since give me
you meaning to letter V oh my god no we
need it
no I'm gonna get no no no no no oh that
hurt me man I gotta go w um W uh Walia
huh whoa Leah Leah oh yeah thanks go if
you have Xavier Xavier mean is it we
said Muslim names Octavia Breanna we're
up oh no no what the hell the heart
chole Chang Ching we chain chain wala
siya it's a person not a Jeanine glad
such a channel that was your ticket look
him in take the hit like a man
Oh myself a little move I slightly don't
know - no I do I slap myself - it was
your fault
boy what is why you why yeah yeah nice
to see
Zecharia ah alright guys so leaving the
comments below where we got smacked the
most cuz we can't go back and come sit
here so how it goes like good huh how it
goes mmm how it goes I don't I don't
know who ever got slapped the most
pretty much lost so where we got slapped
last one so I think we don't know we
don't know who got the most so you guys
if you guys can tell us how many times I
got smacked how many times you got
smacked if I got smacked more than he
won if you guys make more than I want
but I think I think I one who's always
bitching I think I lost needle you know
I don't you never I think a little bit
everything and everything so so it's a
funny game hope you guys enjoyed it make
sure you guys check out Slim's blog
channel he does a lot of challenges on
their him and MO and holla - chatter -
you guys think you've come to a virtual
laughs oh he's very low um hope you guys
enjoyed it makes you have you back a
thumbs up and go turtle do and yeah go
go go oh come on gobble all gone gone
gone gone go we can't say I'm tell the
other blogs huh think y'all I really got
oh I'm telling it be there be chicken
head
uh-huh sick an asshole my head son
nothing big rope says it's like a like a
track race France I'm serious
hope you guys enjoyed it thank you off
everything team si we'll see you guys
tomorrow
and yet the link below for some channel
will be down below to make sure you guys
check it out and show it a lot of love
where there smiling snowman Adam I'll
see you guys see you guys tomorrow
and Beach I'm gone I'm black cream
you
