hey guys I'm up extra extra early is
about 8 a.m. i'm waiting for shake and
the driver to pick me up because we were
going to have interview in BBC Asian
Network
DJ no recon about Ramadan cannot wait
for you all to see this I think you saw
for the right right take I'm lazy so we
just arrived
Roman diamonds
later
so today you know what they did they
brought us here an hour early because
they know last time women will take a
plea that you happen again thank you
pretty cool about 20 minutes very good
great hungry yeah it's really so come on
good hello how you doing Salman number
three I said thank you so much I love
you alright thank you so much to BBC
norine Khan you guys are amazing and you
guys got it trending once again true
story a essay on BBC norine Khan gotta
say thank you again and we had an
argument about sambusa or samosa yo its
samosa sambusa how you gonna tell me man
you know if you go I tweeted on Twitter
that it's a moose and some Moussa a
trended worldwide so just for that
that's it no listen even Twitter totally
something when you buy your pack for
this end in nemesis stomach boy system
losses and be Simon now you know it so
finally done with the interview we're
just gonna head home right now and get
some sleep because we are fasting and
after all of my afterthought is someone
taking its burger gotta confront our
pleas pretty cool we have our own driver
ticket
Blue Room if you drop me home first
yeah I'll be so sad
oh you've only stop you have to tell my
hat I know what is it you sobriety
memory so much demon huh mommy number
what get $32 hack 30 so 30 meters dollar
where you going huh I said where you
going
go to your mom you leave it on me huh
right
so French Montana can't wrap legging so
we're gonna make some busie with
chocolate it's a new type of sample so
sambusa with chocolate i'm going to
teach you guys how to do it may seem
easy but it's hard mr. chef Adam Sala
here is going to teach you guys how to
make sambusa with chocolate ready give
me that bang so this is how you start
get one of these this is one of the some
booster raps I'm a helper right there
take out one of these gotta take it out
slowly okay yeah after this you got to
make it into thirds see you go like this
see that's one third like this equally
into thirds you put it into a triangle
inside like that then another one into a
triangle like this and then you stop at
the second one you stop at the second
one cuz this is the part where you put
the chocolate inside what are you doing
buddy what are you doing chocolate the
chocolate is here we got some Hershey
Kisses you don't want to use something
like Nutella I like the Hershey or the
Hershey whip stuff like that because it
could just easily melt I think so take
some chocolate you put it in here boom
boom boom and put a little more
chocolate so it gave me really chocolaty
and tasty so we got some chocolate in
here now when you got some chocolate you
close it this is the close line of it so
nothing can leak out anything see this
do one more time that and you see this
little space that's where you put this
is called the glue this is not really
glue is just really like type of
powdered stuff it's kind of sticky Sokka
stick it then you go like this dip it my
gemstones this cleans the herbs do we
use our hands for everything then once
you get this and then you put some here
and you close it and you got yourselves
a chocolate sambusa ramireddy
you guys are open it by order right now
because I think it's easier for me and
these are the chocolates Embu says one
vote
- whoa thrown well once you see the
other side is like reddish and crispy
and the design is white
take it up pick it up and you spin it
around like that so the three chocolate
some boosters are out I have about 30
minutes left for that time to remove the
oil if you don't want it to oily just
wipe it like that and it should be gone
but I taste a lot of good this kind of
oily XML the chocolate enos from here
taste smell so good I opened it and this
how it looks it looks amazing
can my way to eat it other side right
here be the Instagram picture you could
put some Hershey Kisses on it some more
and here you go you got yourself a
chocolate samosa to eat it with Missa
limit shake at this Mexican restaurant
so the food should be great looking
forward to me
you
training so much outside but it feels so
good it looks so nice beautiful
this is what we got
all this the moment
Oh someone's density' demerits himself
and did not get through it like that
right good man
sure miss you honey can you say well oh
goody oh I think this is it so we're
shopping right now I got this shirt and
these pants and do changing you know
there's a video right oh oh what the
heck was that what the heck what the
heck just happened so I'm getting this
pants - this shirt all right good I'll
still got this behind me let him you can
see it I'm too lazy to take it off so
I'm just gonna go on the register and
see if they could just put me like that
me was a metal thing into them shake am
I glad that looks real nice and this you
got it going what the time why'd you no
good I give it like a 9.5 oh yeah but oh
my god okay honey
visit giver oh I'm making me five think
if I do a big boy man how do you -
you're a big boy man one two or three
Rock - you back
what's up hi give that
then run come catch me catch so right
now it's time for dance buzz around in
the store it's closed and he's changing
hey yo dude
Oh
all right guys it was time to wrap up
this flag hope you all enjoying these
vlogs here in New York I fasting time is
around 8:30 ish and once again I'm gonna
ask you all what time is for you guys
that you guys have to eat I know I don't
Iceland it's like it's 21 hours of
fasting here we got it like 16 hours 16
hours and a half leave a comment below
what time do you have to eat and how
long is it because I know a lot of
people have it real long this here and I
feel so bad bunch Allah you guys go
great and it goes smooth for you all
thank you all for watching our a say
daily Ramadan vlogs it truly means the
world do have a main channel video
coming up is a skit I'll be up in a
couple of days I will keep you guys
updated on that see you guys tomorrow
take care I love you all and we're gonna
have a Twitter contest real soon and
peace oh and I will let you guys know
the big announcement tomorrow on Twitter
and then the vlog and everything so be
ready for that
you
