sup guys we here see what up except
going to Canada
leave mo don't miss you man baby girl
almost play
as usual shake is always getting checked
because his name is shake Egbert and he
looks like a shake
I feel so exhausted by I'm so excited
for Canada it's gonna be an amazing time
here the Detroit Airport time he doesn't
like sick Hey
shake what do you do
shut up Timmy's look sick go around he's
off it's gonna be his first time in
Canada Toronto we're taking an
Australian together we're gonna be a
story guy we didn't know we don't know
Toronto's but I got a hangar for the
Canadian side by America
no Canada we are finally here in Canada
Customs made me cheap and easy
they love the olive New York shirt they
put Australian guy throw a long question
and answer but there doesn't know that
way is to me they'll ask me all sorts of
things so I told them of the magic to me
because this is his first time echidna
so they kept asking so much questions
I'm like yeah like no leave so Curtis
came to pick us up here for cease to be
just pretty cool check out the hashtags
in practicing you see a half-second
right CIBC tastes amazing we in their
eyes go so this is where we'll be
performing that over here taste of Asia
it'll be the seats over there
Thank You Curtis - showing us around
everything no problem pop over a 1 2 we
are in Canada Oh guess what are you
doing is that now you doing this huh
yeah that's crazy
so yeah I cannot really seen a bright
vicinities calories and missing on
vision right now on our way to the show
anyway it's for my guess who we are with
what's up guys oh he's here yeah you
know why would Vanessa I don't know man
where you been
you guys gonna wait for long have you
guys been away sir VIP parking thank you
everybody
love you officer let me to step back
Steve oh I keep going on this
we got cream here eight built it up pick
it up Brandon Brown
where does he have children so hot
outside yeah Curry's about to go up
first and after that his real mission
high speed gun ready God would take a
bullet you got you gotta tell me
you got a freaking they've got equipment
that's he's sick but you still doing
this champion takes too long to
everybody Ramadan Kareem and on the
little bar
anyhow and yes every 100 people that
watch anybody max insecure ready to get
all right I have a couple of questions
for you guys cuz you know some people
dunno you are so you have to step up
closer
they're pretty more intimate like this
step over there I think an opposite or
in eternity a society kick butt ha ha ha
ha
there's a funny hi to meet utopia a
little pet juniper kita hi to gossip
blogger
shamea what did you give me what was it
oh thank you so much use of you what's
your name
ha
Oh Adam hello shouts when Americans it
yes
right it's a go you should come here
mr. Bryant huh hi belly come no he did
it belly go huh we good chicas go buddy
chicas go buddy this has been probably
one of the worst flights I've ever had
customs held me for like an hour and a
half giving me a secondary check so this
is what happened at 8:40 p.m. last night
was supposed to be our flight we came
here an hour and a half before but then
they said oh we can't go in there
supposed to be three hours before I
don't know why I have to be three hours
before when I go to Mars or something
we're just going down to another country
here to America and then Air Canada told
us that you have to pay $600 to get to
change a flight since we missed it since
they made us miss it we had to stay over
for about 13 12 13 hours here in the
airport and take another flight that
which was eight or something a.m. and
now here we are I'm walking looking for
shaking cream it's a fun play but I'm to
deny everything go well and it is
Ramadan I feel so bad because these
Ramadan don't feel like they say daily
Ramadan vlogs it will once I get back to
New York once I get back to New York I'm
gonna surprise Remo
and I wanted like record her whole
reaction I hope she didn't forget me she
better not she did because called me
problems it's not to wrap up this blog
hope you all enjoy this flight Canada
thank you all so much for everything
make sure you guys get like a thumbs up
and go turkey because we went through
this airport security
I did not fast the first two days of
Ramadan I am gonna be fasting today once
I get home to New York I'm gonna go to
sleep
show Rima and I do have to make up for
these two days since I was traveling
after I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another ACA daily vlogs take care peace
I love you I can't give you guys kiss
for my hand let me give you guys kiss me
I'm going the wrong way it's nothing
much
you
