hey guys what's up so we just got here
comic-con passes huge shout-out to Karim
for giving us fast for comic-con to play
he was late for me jingle al McKinley
madly has last year last year I came
really really late and I'm here with the
cool signification slim and clutter it
up last year we're here zero palette so
we're gonna win okay late last time
always happen I came a little earlier
this this early I just come at least
like it okay so I've always had a crush
on being great and she's finally here
your costume was cool all right thank
you Hey
I want my baby to win oh let's go come
on my baby what thank you good nice cool
man I have something I don't
oh that's better
for medicine
perhaps we'll see
spider-man before he was fighting me the
Amazing Spider has been amazing spiders
pretty cool I guess
no it's taller than everybody I'm taller
than in spirit here buddy you always
going to pull back Oh
imagine if
is more elastic dough as crazy more
captures it for 1/5
no way to know
you read books you know read books haha
he's doing it again here wouldn't you
rather get can't even book a stop in
Kenya does it candy
Oh suddenly you know
oh nice burger Chuck
oh my god
I'm sorry but
this is crazy the guy who does does it
for the show for the walking dead is
pretty sick
not to jump
what's our
oh boy is twice as many ways to kick you
all right
all right there we go yes right quantity
still helicopter something going on all
right Nintendo the back needs a little
bit of help on the stage please no no
purity I said no sorry
so I had to leave early alone I'm
seriously such a loner I never follow
the rules but you know it's more fun
when you don't follow the rules because
I don't know but I feel so lonely right
now because everybody else is having fun
I'm here all alone walking alone with
this stupid thing that I did do for you
guys make you guys man to brighten up
your days so only have for you guys
today
juh man and Dena Rema Rema is at school
Jamel he's sick so are you okay c'mon
sure what's wrong you have a cough you
okay sure about you Dina Dina she just
hates me so you add them still trying to
teach you how to say I love you Adam
remember when I told you matter say I
love you Adam and it was funny hey Dina
say I love love love say la well like
about dinner she just doesn't care she
dances a lot everything you know imma
give her a song Dean you ready Gary Dida
Dida Dida
shake it say you say you say come on man
hey Dina she's at work master she's one
that invented it bigger I said to them
everybody and the window baby comes from
what the baby come from
um um so this is what happened right the
mother the mother what she wants when
she wants a baby she says I want a baby
and then Allah it gives her a baby in
the stomach and then after that um that
comes from comes from Allah and that it
comes out her like the one that comes
out her leg the baby's born sigh yeah
you were like they chopped the leg off
you came out and they fixed her leg back
you know so easy I know it's just crazy
and just um okay I'm just gonna go now
okay cuz um do you like carrots I'm
trying to change the subject here that's
weird question what's wrong with you
want to dance it's work all over what
what's up with you huh give them have
fun you never give teammates a kiss why
keep yelling at them stop
give team AC a kiss give them haha let's
go give them a kiss killer
let's go Dina knock him out give
teammates a kiss mmm Wow good job you
give teammates a kiss high five for
Dina's first teammates a kiss ready set
watch this you're gonna get straight up
hey hey hey I guess it's time to wrap up
this rivals a crazy long day Comic Con
we're gonna be going back tomorrow to
Comic Con day two but this time I'm
gonna need to go undercover because I
kind of got like trouble with the
security so hopefully Comic Con you let
me and you let me slide I was just
messing her I wasn't really like trying
to like ruin your days or anything so I
hope you guys let me slide Rima got
scared and my mom told me to take it off
so I took some of it off but so shows
make sure you guys give like a thumbs up
and go turkey UK tour tickets are now on
sale the link is down below
basically we're allowed to like hype it
up and say that we're gonna put it up
Sunday at 6:00 so a lot of people won't
you know get tickets at once so I won't
crash again they wanted us to just say
it randomly out of nowhere so I can
spread out 2 tickets an hour and sell if
you want to get tickets for your city in
the UK the link is down below we have a
surprise for you guys tomorrow
for me and Rima and trust me you know I
miss you couture this is going to be the
biggest tour ever because it's a tour
that might never ever happen again
because it's cool we'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace I love you
member
