Haley's gonna read it for you guys he's
getting in trouble for this engaging in
harassing intimidating hey guys what's
up ado me gang I hope you are having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day I'm with some of the Adams
family right Rhema say yeah
Dena what's up are you guys doing you
guys doing good
you know what Jordan's okay I'll see you
girl Rima what
what you doing a split in the middle of
the frickin sidewalk come on by the way
guys I can't take my tattoo off I
scrubbed it with all my power with all
my I used all my strength to try to take
off this tattoo it attached to my hand
and it did not go out at all I'm stuck
with a frickin tattoo on me and I have a
freakin fan love and divine I have a
show with quate I need it to be gone do
you guys know any Chico anything to
remove a fake tattoo let me know in the
comments below please but right now I
got a surprise for say f Rima and Deena
I know you guys love facetiming slam our
cousin slim I just want to say that slim
is coming I cousin slim
thank you so much chapter two we do it
again jobs to two out on iTunes play it
on Spotify play it on Google Play play
everywhere
play in your head to when you're
sleeping yeah yeah mm million lights to
these kids are so so - Ellie what the
heck is he doing man slim hurry up man
I'm gonna cost to the right now he's
location he's around 10 minutes away
let's see if he lies to me and he says
he's like four minutes two minutes away
yo slim how are you
guys I like the kids inside because it's
so hyper man city so you guys gonna
chill here system comes you guys gonna
be hyper be hyper in Sapa good how you
guys gonna come out you're gonna climb
up yeah what do you guys do it now feels
good because I don't have to worry about
them going to the street or nothing like
that oh my god so slim in my uncle right
now they're about to pull up this is
gonna be really awkward because they're
gonna see much I don't know you'll know
in the future no popping geez what's up
sorry let's go let's go let's go what
does he look like
I'll get the curries Wow
guys I just met the homies right here of
jock hill culture I've been rocking a
hat
lately that looks with the same logos
like this and they're the ones well the
man right here right here Charlie leave
them alone
I got people on a row Devo thank you so
much thank you
okay do me gang it is the next day right
now because I just uploaded it the way
neck reaction that my family did yes
what you want huh speak I need to hear
you speak all of the atoms I believe
they can't speak to the like three or
four what huh do me gang about to go
check up on Haley right now because
their parents went to school once again
so I'm gonna update you guys and this is
gonna be big a huge shout out to
everyone out there who's supported
highlight throughout the situation by
the way my neck tattoo finally came off
but the tattoo that I have my body is
still there it can't come off at all why
you kissing me what what do you want
that's why you're kissing me deuces man
deuces about I'm out Deb heading to
Hamza's crib Halloween is tomorrow and I
always go to have this fear for
Halloween so it might be a crazy crazy
black snow now open the door I only take
so long to open the door leave the food
in just open the door man please I knew
it hums elbow high the more chilling my
gmail oh no take off shoes take off my
what shoes why do the carpet I'm a
vegetable take off my shoes what do you
Eric mom all right you know I said take
off those shoes okay take off the shoes
oh that's why I'm gonna take off my
shoes you got a new carpet and a new
couch a new couch
oh my phone from the cops no way yes
there's a chop what do it after two
distance I bet that is sick men no a
charger oh my god my cell Lana's though
I do me gang I want to give a huge thank
you to you guys you guys got chapter two
number one in the UK and iTunes stores
number six in America number one in
Sweden and so many different countries
thank you guys so so much this is what I
want to do and this is only to Marathi
guys who actually got chapter 2 I want
to put it intro and outro song every
single week this week it's going to be
way neck next week I want to do a
different song off the chapter to album
in the week after that
it's on and the week after that
different song so do me hearing leave a
comment below what song I should put as
the intro and outro next week leaving
the comments below
oh also thumbs up this video and
subscribe you guys haven't subscribed go
subscribe and do me game I'm gonna wait
10 seconds for you guys subscribe
subscribe do me gang subscribe and put
your notifications on because I upload
the most ratchet videos every single day
hey do me gang Hilah just came through
was chillin boom boom boom boom I like I
would just do the handshake without even
I was telling each other but a doobie
gang she just came back from school she
went there today with her parents and I
want to update you guys about what
happened with the boy who pulled her
hair jab off as I told you guys last
time there was a teacher who was a
witness and saw everything happened the
boy pulled it not by accident he
purposely pulled her head jab off and
then now they're taking it to the next
level so today they had a meeting and
hamdullah it all went well and I have
some questions for you ahead did you see
the boy that pulled your hair demo is he
in you're using your class what did he
tell you nothing at all yeah not even a
word alright no that's good don't stay
next said people who do stuff like that
just just they do when you focus on your
you know your work and stuff and just be
good so what do they tell you at the at
the office with the principal in the
whole school
so do me gang over here is all the rules
the codes for her whole school when they
get in trouble and stuff I spoke with
her parents which is my sister and my
brother-in-law and they're telling me
now that they're gonna get the kid in
trouble to be honest I was over I didn't
want to get in trouble I wanted it to be
a lesson but now the school was taken a
serious because their witness the
teacher he told them that I was not by
accident and he should be punished for
it so now he is gonna get in trouble for
this title is gonna read it for you guys
he's getting in trouble for this
engaging in harassing intimidating
and/or bully behavior including using
electronic communication to engage in
such behavior cyber bullying based on a
individuals act or perceive race color
creed religion religious practices it's
been studied national origin citizenship
immigration status gender gender
identity gender expression sexual sexual
orientation disability or weight such as
behaviors include but is not limited to
a physical one
stalking verbal rent or physical conduct
that threatens another with harm to
humiliate or harass
so basically did the first one engaging
in harassment imitate and intimidating
and individual acts perceive race color
creed religion religious beliefs taxes
yeah that I'm uh that code is kind of
like a big trouble kind of code it's not
a small code that he broke he broke kind
of a bit close to the school now is it
gonna get him in trouble I mean I
complaining that they can get him in
trouble
even though I didn't really want him in
trouble because now it's on the school's
hands so you have to do meeting that's
pretty much I'm uh what happened I
appreciate you guys and thank you guys
for supporting me and my family peas and
stand up for yourself don't let anything
like bring you down I'll just remember
you know you got you got us we got the
whole family I got you mangy do me gang
I'm heading out hide it Hamza i'ma see
you guys soon take it peace out geez
take care
I'm gonna go see slim right now I'll see
you guys I might take care and peace hey
doobie gang hey I just met up with my
cousin slim right here in sorry guys my
blood you know you know I got loyalty
anytime idea
do we gang today me and slim damn I
didn't want to do this this guy wants do
crazy stuff he wants to watch the movie
jigsaw he said it's a scary scary movie
you never watch it neither song why do
you want to do all these scary stuff you
why didn't you go on UK the song the saw
house yeah I did but I don't look and
feel like these crazy stuff like this
guy's like well you never went to that
mental hospital man that Asylum
why don't you go there are you doing
with in a haunted house I slept there
eight days man I'm like that's
interesting bro since before we go to
the movie theater I got to get myself a
hot dog you know so I got myself a hot
dog with cheese only in New York City
you know what I'm saying
oh geez I seen on a hot dog I love
please I mean I love cheese you already
know I'm with isom and Josie without
those goodie hi guys doing this
dumi gang tonight I'm gonna take you
guys on a night with slim Sam and Joe so
it's about me real funny tonight Joe be
a real Joe is Joe is like damn I'm
trying to explain Joe Joe's like Eminem
he's like he's like Eminem confess and
Easter Easter was like he's having a who
are you
Eason was like hmm can Lorna yeah a lot
of the high school boys better go away
come on Taylor Taylor and having a
normal dude son was like two dogs grazie
a little bit yeah
it was my choice I would never go why
she's scared movie but these people
behind me they love scary stuff I just
love coming because I love seeing them
get scared yeah Joe gets scared but he's
seven ever good schedule again he's
funny he's a Wolverine
do you know movie Twilight channel
honors here Dooney gang we're not
allowed to film in the movie theater but
we just got done watching jigsaw
probably do you think that's all right I
don't know
well early what I don't think were you
like what do you mean why he's in big
Moore's Eminem Eminem up slap use a big
word it was it wasn't that scary was
more crazy right yeah yeah I meant it
kinda like keeps using big words yeah I
kind of got a potty so I'm kind of
scared alone Adam so why do you come
you're not my best friend anymore you're
my cousin now cousins don't go to
bathroom together
family don't go to bathroom do it if you
were my friend then I'll go with you but
you're my cousin so that's nasty are you
making me come with you to the bathroom
well he wants to want someone to go with
alright yeah guys the movie was really
bloody like really graphic
oh my god the stuff we're crazy like
they they show the parts where they cut
people's brains off and like
people's faces and thought was oh and
you guys take your man long in the
bathroom how was the movie what do you
think
lemony sounds a nice movie garbage movie
the hater I don't know
the franchise it was garbage oh my god
what you think if it milk the franchise
but I still like the fluctuate okay do
me gang it is the end of this vlog I
hope you all enjoyed this vlog who did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey do me yang I have a really really
big surprise announcement for you guys
probably the biggest announcement of my
life not like not like a movie or album
it's like a different announcement that
has to do with like something personal
with me so it dumaguete not personal but
like you guys will know it's something
insane and crazy it's just a big
announcement it do me getting the video
we've hosted in around 2 to 3 days I'm
not gonna tell you guys the exact date
your time I'm gonna just let it be out
there and I'll see you guys tomorrow if
you guys enjoy this bye
give it a thumbs up and I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace I'll
let you chillin in it shit swear to god
II should've came willing gives you
Yemen baby makes in Yemen aid place I'll
meet you there I'll treat playing like
an uber
