hey guys stop right now while you're on
wardrobe burn set gonna change a clean
vascular cold it because we need to
change it are you guys gonna wear
say hi Connie I don't say hi Julie right
say hi
don't say my name Michael Johnny Steven
um you're not Rochelle um diamond can't
possible Rasta Kim and Ron yeah yeah
really yeah I Kim and Ron got you sick
is you sorry sure getting his makeup
then oh my god chic how do you feel
barrel girl so whatever you want
oh it was great guilty he's going how
you doing injuries every day cool
shakes practice critic showed me when
people tease seems gonna be in a
basketball court inside the mosque so
let's do this already
so we're filming our scenes gonna be the
best OC
waiting to dislike you can put your
camera oh let's go
O'Malley mashallah he a really good
advice he's really good coach who's
gonna spell money
oh no you forgot what thing ad then put
another 8 and then I screw us money my
name is ad me he's acting ISA this
bomani shake well shadow spell shake s H
Opie got it he's doing it he's close be
close pretty good he'll do oh oh oh oh
he's right about shake he doesn't notice
player name shakes very pretty as well
shaky-shaky
how do I see he'll do he's sick u6 did
give us it well for pres grade huh he's
not talking he just writing everything
are you going to second grade so before
we let this video so I just want to say
that we are going to finally have a meet
and greet in Dearborn Michigan and all
the info is here it will be tomorrow
Friday
the location is two six one five five
Richardson Street Dearborn Heights
all right here all the information we
below tomorrow Friday at 10 a.m. to 12
p.m. you can meet me Sheikh Baba Ali
Omar Regan Ruby bill um Najma Murugan
son everybody the whole cast of American
Sharia and the movie that we will be in
so you guys get to see behind the scenes
you guys get to see everything we can be
taking selfies vlogging chillin so if
you guys want to come through come
through Michigan I'm calling you out
homie you guys want to come and have fun
and yeah you guys want to come have fun
with your family just come through so
I'll see you all there take care
poo alright guys so since we couldn't
vlog as much too
because we had some important scenes we
had really long lines today and the
movie scenes we got as much
how many scene as we can we couldn't do
too much today we're gonna be telling
you guys some stuff ways to make this
Ramadhan easy for everybody you're going
to tell each other this is off the top
of our heads on the spot right now I'm
gonna say one thing that we think how
Ramadan would be easier for us for
anybody that's watching then he's gonna
say own way and I say one way we say one
way we're gonna give you guys some tips
hope you guys enjoy it and give this
vlog a thumbs up and ready go are you
gonna work no you go first okay I'll go
first
all right for double hon I think you all
should watch ace a daily vlogs every
single day because that would make your
fasting much much easier I know it will
because it works for me and I'm pretty
sure work for you I thought that had to
be my first one I'm sorry alright um
what's yours I think one of the easiest
ways to make them go faster is by what I
do is I sleep all day like as soon as I
eat stay in bed all day cuz once you get
out we get tired so morning drink water
one of those what's one of those one of
those you one of those who sleep and
don't pray just wake up and eat on the
foot come dog I do that I do another way
to make this Ramadhan pretty much easier
is just to bring your friends and play
games with them and just hang out in one
kind right girlfriend
you serious it's unless it's gonna bring
your friends don't get around on them
yeah and how I bring your friends and
like play games and just get your mind
off you're just thinking about you being
hungry stuff like that so yeah your turn
um what I would say is I think of
somebody them like do something that
they'll be away from folks can you stop
this only does away from food like like
something not food-related because when
you think about food you're gonna walk
food if you want we can break your fast
if you break you fast you know what
happens so you know just to watch TV
don't TV or my during Ramadan I feel
like all they do show food commercials I
know it ah burgers no they do that on
purpose
I gave it to my life they do that by
purpose you industry for the commercials
it's Ramadan let's give these guys a
McDonald's commercial it's Ramadan let's
give these guys a super hot
TGIF they got is Friday with restaurant
commercials like they do it on purpose I
know you do not fall for though I gonna
fall for Kay another way that I believe
Ramadan can be much easier is if you
just read it up or add and try to
complete it I'm gonna be honest I didn't
read it last year but I did not finish
finish any of it I didn't finish nothing
I'm be honest I won't try and Shila
finish it this year with your motivation
you guys have to motivate us when you
guys motivate us with everything that
comments below in tweets it really helps
us a lot
this is a way to read it faster if you
read four pages a day of the whole Quran
four page of the day you'll be completed
with the whole crumb and end of the
month so why is where is that like
that's what was I meant four pages site
oh sorry
get all done be a little easier tweet us
you can tweet us and we'll look at sweet
tweets and we'll talk to each other and
we'll that'll help both of us right
right right
high-five oh I'm sorry oh you know
harima glasses from now on to the state
don't wear glasses anymore be classless
shrink okay
thumbs up if you think shake should take
off it should just forever take off the
glasses and have contacts on in everyone
staff contact them so this black way to
make a deal all right okay we're gonna
make a deal ready you ready to make this
deal do you agree imagine I have to know
what the deal is I give me do you agree
I have to know what the deal is very
high this why gets 5000 thumbs up 5000
thumbs up you have to take off your
glasses forever and just work on ever
forever we head out here whenever we
hang out whenever we hang on children's
content 24 hours what I won't work for
24 hours so 24 hours he won't wear his
glasses in he'll with he'll be with
contacts and maybe that will make him
not wear glasses anymore cuz I think
like cool a need to have a different
look 5,000 times up you agree yeah and
you won't wear your glasses I shayok bar
agreed that if this video gets 5,000
thumbs up I will not wear my glasses for
approximately 24
say hola what is this help your family
cook some food while they cook some food
don't just stand there just be hungry
and look and just yes starve yourself
just go cook with that as far do I help
them to assemble sense some pieces with
cheese some do some pieces don't start
this 2014 so this is a new year a new me
know thing uh-huh when you're fasting
always have the intention and the reason
why you're fasting because there's a lot
of poor people out there that barely
gets in food that gets like one meal a
day or not something I mean any meal a
day so when you're fasting thing about
that and like like imagine you were in
that position how would you feel so put
yourself in that shoe and just fat and
it'll go by faster very good thank you
sure breather oh oh
lip marks on my hand it's okay never
wash it off and I wipe it off okay
oh my god my lips don't white girl
alright so another one is gonna you see
just wipe it off for me it's your lips
that's right there oh alright so that's
all we can think of on the spot right
now but can make your Milan's and our
almonds much easier so if you guys want
to help out everybody in the whole team
is say how to make them a lot much
easier for this year because it is gonna
be really long this year leave in the
comments below write down something that
you think it would be easier for us to
do donor number one so while we were
reading the comments and we'll probably
show them for the next tomorrow's vlog
so everybody can see it and it can help
them out it is time to wrap up this vlog
unfortunately fix you guys because like
a thumbs up and go turkey biryani Turkey
Yanni we'll see you guys tomorrow with
another NSA daily vlog hope you all take
care and peace
member
