good morning guys I just woke up I only
had about 5 to 6 hours of sleep I told
you guys to wake me up on Twitter and
you guys did wake my Twitter so high
five I put up the 8 vlog I've been
editing so late these past few days I've
been sleeping literally like 6 7 o'clock
in the morning and I've been waking up
like 2 3 p.m. in my whole room is a mess
like I didn't want to show you guys and
I want to know who messed up my room
when I was in the shower who messed up
my room huh who messed up my room ahh
whoo Adam I did a mess tomorrow
whoo Deena did you mess it up
why you pointing at Jameson who messed
up my room first higher than a good man
who was he you know why do you keep
blaming other people yeah you're crying
baby it's awesome listen did you mess up
my room yeah I know you did I know you
did little bright you messed up my room
much about I don't know what the two of
these kids hi baby hi booby lyoko estas
bien
yum yum play ball huh
govern not on thank you hey Maz go play
ball already someone play I'm gonna play
a bar I know you ready gullible dunk on
yo face don't go this go it
oh no ya dumb dumb 300 am I got moves
I'm scared man the problem in the lake
do I have children else I didn't do
anything for the download
ah come on man
looking for the game bro oh my god super
you we're doing a lot a twitch
livestream on are we gamers now people
requested three mates to play beauty and
complete it I'm doing it right now
and so far she killed me and Adam so now
it's SS his turn so T make a I'm
with you
good run come out slag because if she
kills you you're done and which our
shallow you she's a run you're right
everybody right now bro creams mother is
amazing food Joseph I don't that man
playing we're havin taking a break
eating well there we are getting scared
trying to get into lose you know the
bullet sucks in everybody's shower -
Adam and apocrine love yes yes Jason you
guys saw this yes I think we got it
please but you don't know you don't know
you don't good loves me like oh come on
we got it we got it I know we got it
right now my controllers shaking I'm
shaking no no I got so recording our new
song with three mates I say what already
was good i doing they redid their parts
now we're doing our parts it's so
exciting
today we already finished the first
verse we recorded the first verse and
then you have to come another to record
the course and come another day record
the whole another verse and the ending
then shoot the music video so this is
gonna take a couple weeks we're gonna
keep you guys updated so exciting and
this is the only preview you guys are
gonna get that's what it is right there
this is our first verse of recording
shake right this fist up the Sun space
something ah yeah yeah - usually I sing
this without like the migraines but imma
try with my gosh oh my god I don't know
oh gosh me too daddy
so much yummy opening I'll please stop
you can strange on the menos fil passion
I got another cheeky Jackie Bianca and
of Anjou ten cents a day King Koopa bin
is it be a farmer from devil I
do need to help you cope I don't have
time second align our guys was time to
wrap up this black hope you all enjoy
this flag if you did make sure you guys
give like a thumbs up and go turkey was
a really long night worked on the song
we're almost done recording it then
after that wouldn't shoot the music
video for it and then release it a new
video on our main channel on Twitter I
say will be up Wednesday at 4 p.m. New
York City time 4:00 p.m. Newark City
time Wednesday
finally gonna have main Channel video
Wednesday we're still working on more
main channel videos we're also working
on a main video for three mhm and this
week's topic on three mhm is love we
have a lot for you guys to come and I
cannot wait for you all to see it for
the UK tour tickets the site is still
crashed we're still trying to get it
fixed
we've been calling them they're saying
that it's Sunday that they can't do
nothing about it we have to wait so it's
a weekday because for some cities it is
almost sold out so whoever stays on the
lake Howard gets a first I guess the
other one who deserved it for I know
being first and being on the lookout but
I do hope you all can get a chance to
get tickets because I really want to see
you guys talk with you guys with salmon
look out for that I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another AC daily vlogs
take care and peace I love you
member
