good morning so I just woke up and I'm
like I'm exhausted I start like a 5
o'clock in the morning but you know we
had a call from the producers to wake up
and go to get ready and everything so I
took my shower I brushed my teeth at
everything and we're about to eat cereal
this is the first date so we have 15
more days like this this is my room
right here I'm like all the on top the
cool side and everything for Adam we
have to go over the down this is a
living room
really oh it's probably teenager so
right now we're heading towards a set of
America's here with Adam Brianne and
melody melon you're from Miss Julie
right yeah can you say something with
their sterling Maxo
ah good night me so yeah the rear end
I'm Michigan it's like the sunny we
thought it was going to rain all day
place it really was we've been
practicing on life our script and our
legs are aligned and everything in God
so should go great excited to meet
everybody there and met some amazing
people here they're really visitors are
really yeah that's okay what's up right
now we're going on set right here
oh I'm sorry doesn't ice on the song to
me I know you said something to them by
said Wellington's long cause I've seen
it to me before you know anyone listen
that's not American so I'm going to
homie freeway or you know my stuff
filming ready for this we are here
excited you're early sound like home
Isabel Valley a valley right he's really
tall man when I got me so tall I like
this look good you guys look really good
oh hey what's up oh oh yeah yeah he's
like I'm good way everything's going
great on the line I'm here with Greece
American Sun something like this playing
character named Jamal and everything
should be hungry Sheldon oh I'd like me
only blogging blogger I'm not filling
out my cameras go back in the days when
people used to meet just hit song
Lacombe nothing
your mother folder FBI guys have
recorded but this is this is wardrobe hi
I just I mean this is where like you get
the clothes and stuff right
I don't know my clothes somewhere in
here I might wear just my normal clothes
so now I go give on hello this is a
weirdest but this is one of the parts me
peek this is one of the parts here the
lights over there it's in a hospital and
we're going to see in the hospital I was
working hard
yeah it might take to the oh cool yeah
and probably something I'm not even
joking at this point is our parts will
be I think after this then the whole
week we're gonna be filming again and
again and again and again so everything
should go great chela all team ace a
true story
si I'm gonna see you hi ru nurse Paul oh
now you're not she's a nurse no yeah uh
she's a nurse to your nurse to get it I
needed to take my blood pressure my head
what all right guys here we go vanilla
days I'm going to lunch every bell guys
see 124 alpha take 3 camera a camera B
kara
what everybody's having lunch right now
sorry I don't okay okay so there's a
conference
Lulu Reina
yeah challenge I'll say
right now it says oh he can't speak loud
this is a lot of thinking oh we can't
whisper sorry the cool thing is
everybody that's there that's watching
they're all actors they're going to be
in the movies with going pretty well
and we're looking around here you're
kind but we're the scenes we're doing
today is in a hospital
so I mean shaker doing a scene in the
hospital and we're walking around
because for the time we're going to wait
we think we're going to think about
doing an Instagram video here behind the
scenes Oh want to please give me a hand
please no no please don't die please
Friday please table couch I love it no
please don't do this please don't please
no no don't tell rashon whatever just a
feature no no no so we've been
practicing our scripts in our lines you
know it's not as easy as it is you know
people think watching movies like ours
easy is pretty hard you know behind the
scenes and everything's really good hi I
know sir she's part of the crew should
pardon
guess we're ready to get on scene oddity
with the film originally got this table
hey what's our Joe Torre right from film
crew do it the executive producer my
face well I really thank you producer
yeah exactly duty he's from he's from
Australia so shout out to everybody from
Australia yeah so how's it going oh I'm
not crazy I'm good I'm a good good I'm
good
yeah please right there crazy
Australians are crazy man shooting the
movie shooting it with a lace Sydney
Malaysia Australia really no gonna do in
the UK in the UK every shake shake it
out shake it out shake an idol gotta
shake an album oh gotta sit down look
like a bit weight with most video from
this angle
can we just check the bed down we have
them yeah okay let me switch around the
rings met back up again
alright good ones you have famous Adam
James shake it out good things
Adam damn I think look if you gotta
shake it like as if yeah he didn't right
all right you doing it
you got a good better day and Adam
she can tell this guy's to roll all
right guys pictures up
quiet please roll sound sounds beam here
big I knew what you were gonna say
alright guys so it's time to wrap up
this flag hope you all enjoyed this vlog
there's an amazing first day at the set
it was just a nice amazing long day and
amazing experience you know making a
movie isn't as easy as it looks it's
really hard takes a lot of work it's
like a whole it's like a whole factory
one person got to do that one person and
do this and do that and do that just an
amazing experience we can't believe you
know true story say we're gonna be in
our first featured film we have a lot of
a lot of big things coming so stay tuned
for that
it's literally 5 a.m. right now so see
you guys tomorrow
make sure you guys like a thumbs up and
go turkey go biryani Turkey's about the
mic-n yeah why get into lies I want to
give them a kiss and I'm shy to you I
know I'll get my kiss first one alright
so here you guys a kiss and go fish I
give them a kiss ah ah
PDI I don't like people looking when I
get it oh yeah I got so I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another AC daily
vlogs
take care and I can still see you feet
peach yo your song you serious
member
