hey guys yourself right now we are
walking to the airplane gonna go to
Detroit Michigan
yeah it's our first time Detroit
Michigan
anyway 164 reserved listed please notify
us by the center for a speedy surely
have to take off we will offer
complimentary coca-cola father is a
coffee house he is on earth they also
house the Cosmosphere lines we just
landed in Detroit Michigan I my luggage
well I could just broke it so I got a
hold this book yeah I got another one
I've been having this same luggage for
so long now I swear I have like four
different luggages two of them broke
because of excessive cloves in there
right now we're looking for the home
being a white car
oh oh wait we're in Michigan now we're
here shake is going faster that's not
fair
I don't like it just mess it thank you
let's go
it's beautiful over here last time we're
in the Bahamas today we are in Michigan
we just passed through where did you
pass Dearborn
we just passed Dearborn somewhere here
well your point is uh the second Yemen
as I write the second largest the
largest Arabic community for the whole
America it's the number one you want an
Arabic come with me yeah that's it Tim
Hortons I know it's not hard and there's
a lot of Timmy's here in Michigan it's
pretty cool it reminds of kindlin
Timmy's you might guess this is the new
Oriole iced cap it looks amazing
oh my goodness you can get some my
doughnuts so this is our spot we're
staying right there it's that Suites how
it looks this is pretty amazing man I'm
blowing Michigan so far
yeah I think I'm not just moving
Michigan with shoes that's it
what is the this is that sweet it is an
amazing amazing room
shout out to American this is gonna be
amazing for the next 16 days we're gonna
be here and let's take you guys on a
tour and it's so this is the living room
this is this is the place where we live
and just watch TV and stuff like that yo
this is the kitchen is where Shake is
gonna cook me some what are you gonna
cook me something I need steak it's
Erica I'm see sometimes ray I'm asleep
downstairs yo I'm worried you're gonna
see upstairs I'm safe downstairs yeah
shake I wish it together that's not it
also that won't wanna see upset oh you
took up circle it's better they both
sing like you know about this Isabel go
to the bathroom I never cook sit back
hello mango
mini closet
yo it's like a whole house we're gonna
be living in Michigan for the next
almost three weeks so let's see your
punishment punishment penny be like go
upstairs right now this upstairs shake
that's not very good
this is that's crazy and over here is
the bathroom mirror as I got downstairs
I called him I call that my dancer
that's cool right yeah oh wow you can
see how feeling yeah that is sick Oh see
what up
we could make some sick videos here this
place is honest music
sick like I just took out my sugars I'm
sweating right now because I I was
moving all this stuff up and stuff
coming back down but this place looks
amazing it looks like I'm moved in here
these are all our neighbors right here
hello neighbors I learn to throw up the
neighbor the way honestly I'm looking
forward to this movie I'm looking
forward to staying here looking forward
to a great experience thank you to
everyone for all your support and yeah
well they reach everything update you
with everything and you'll see how how
it feels
we bout to go to one of the biggest
hotels I mean I will tell one of the
biggest malls in the city oh this place
is huge this is just portion of it okay
Moby's hey what up this is sick someone
looks at let's say we're in like a bar
resent our entering the DeMeo that us
thank you more forever you know that she
was there for us
my name is give me a hug come over here
but this is like the engine of them all
there this was huge
and on the phone
take in it in Rob this place is sick in
it was your story
Oh Apple not the new one in New York is
way better go on I'm here to share
everybody ohh water is a water ball over
here it's going to call the floating
sphere time is it
mac and cheese time you know what that
is I mean macaroni and cheese Oh Adam
Salah was here
that's crazy when did I write this
this one that I write this this is my
name I was here when did I write that
huh
when I write oh I didn't know that thing
was broken I got 350 bucks no what the
heck I was it was broken already
wanted to use our initials the opposite
mine's a s hits it that's it
you have a nice signature I'm Shay my
I'm not
whatever I do is always a smiley face
next year I already do it those are our
next comment below which one looks
cooler yo you can't right I'm not gonna
lie yours looks cooler okay here's the
school but you guys should come below
which one I like yours though
not like you I like your girls look
beautiful style girls listen I saw it I
liked it
your love in Michigan so you are we
can't wait for the movement you can't
wait to see all marina tonight see the
whole coops tonight you know say - how
are you sitting on submission before
Michigan yo you got to Richard you need
to get the stick it up Danny I'll meet
you this guy's trying to kick that
go back to New York go back to
Bangladesh yeah so they have a nice game
here what is it called
Oh Marcia what what for shoe horseshoe
yeah I'll take a horseshoe and then you
gotta aim it to there and like throw it
and jump to there to there go next to it
how far you got to be it all right
already
yep
Oh yo take out a basket now she's gonna
please huh
what Ilana please you playbook want to
put that nice Jacuzzi here nice pool
this is amazing all around let me hold
you the man is here finally here sorry
they're having a meeting right now small
meeting for tomorrow it's gonna be a big
day of filming big day big day shake
soda come on okay what's up I'm
comforted by God
how's it going everything's going great
and nothing is going really good I'll be
really excited yeah fully first day of
production we wrap for today we back at
it again tomorrow
we got this excited I hope y'all excited
because the film now that you've all
been waiting for we're making the movie
but we're so excited question like what
is going to come off uh-huh
will surprise you we're looking forward
to eachother October November 2014 right
2014 oh and Charlotte we gonna
definitely have premiere in Detroit our
first one in Detroit because it
somewhere we made it so hey and then it
ends up and it's my hometown so hey you
know and then then to guess where we're
coming next
we're know you heard it from the man
himself
it should be out pretty soon - she'll
not give us that and you know you know
every Priya counts - she'll love for me
everything to go well and she'll look
like Michigan Pizza it comes square in a
square box
well actually rectangle New York it
comes in a circle like a circle and a
square box so they're actually smarter
than New York well
so that's the end of the vlog hope you
guys enjoyed go be runny on the likes
and you know I'm really excited for
tomorrow I swear like I don't know how
to show my segments tomorrow we can be
filming our first movie we induced like
some of the parts tomorrow we're gonna
be in for another 15 days and you know
I'm actually looking forward to this
whole trip vacation v you know and I
know that in chocolate this movie's a
success we have a lot more stuff coming
up like with the premiere and stuff so
thank you guys offer the support and you
know keep us in your prayers keep us in
their dawes's stuff cuz you know your
prayers are the reason of where we stand
today because of you guys so you know
and yeah i'm really tired right now
I couldn't sleep today last night I
slept up to do o'clock woke up at 7 o
clock and then quickly took a shower I
left at airport so I'm like tired as
hell I know and I'm let's just not go
after this so yeah thank you so much
once again for watching this vlog thank
you for all the support love and you
know go go pee on the lake just comment
below like and you know the other thing
something snack till tomorrow peace
