so we thought oh we are off to LA right
now we're gonna be there for about like
nine ten days we're not we're not only
going on but we're gonna go to Vegas we
almost finish uh Anaheim but performing
at Anaheim and then after all this
California trip we're gonna head to
Detroit so let's see how this goes and
it's Ronald peace out East Coast even
all love the East Coast for money being
different styles
I'll see you West Coast
so we just landed in LA and we're
heading towards our hotel and we have
brothers what's your name again I'm
ready I'm ready teasing in-n-out burger
home Ibrahim ready Oh
the line is huge all right so we're here
waiting for some in-n-out burgers got
drinks right here I'm so I'm so excited
to eat it out of a good shaken I bet
they're waiting right there look at them
Karma's eating you know I wonder what
they're talking about ready for some
animal style
in and out
we're getting ready we are performing in
a few hours when you shake or rehearse
in here and yeah we're so excited for
this first time performing in California
and it is I don't know it's getting
we're gonna use to it because we're
performing you know more and more and we
shake to get a more used to it I don't
know he's doing shake what you're doing
right now we're waiting for Aladdin and
ape to come pick us up
we were waiting for like 20 minutes for
you guys so you guys watching this
doesn't make it us wait man this is it
they also came from from New York City
but we came thinking with different
flights
so the master flight they miss their
question that's such a harvest I gotta
be up early right now at the commercial
center you are with the tour team I have
added an ape reporters with you so after
we perform we came like a few hours
early but they're just starting
everything up good amount of people and
then we go up this is going on right now
everyone like you know the difference
between this and the Akuma that we went
to Baltimore like Baltimore is like more
indoors this is like how great
everything is like out of course the
through right here all gathering its
cause we got what hey hey it's it's
perfect to try it on
right on my camera
so we're gonna find out how he did his
beard so it can explain to us why your
secrets here nice beard secret to my
annive spirit put this on at least on
every day and you know it helps
condition your beard which you fear soft
its conditioned their skin as well piece
of natural shine and best of all he's
been making me you know like I'm hugging
him out of know it even works with short
beard I want to get it close look at
your beard which is this cool looks like
hair
obviously that oil of DICOM oil oils
oils cops that makes you a sticker guys
so I know what Nadya so last time we're
in LA was just to meet them but you guys
came late they came too early now we got
to meet them and what up hey what's up
hi hi I do it hi mommy shut up shut up
we want to give a shout-out to huh your
mom hey my mom oh you're so sweet how to
give a shout-out to my mommy so if
you're watching this I love you sup so
we're going to go eat and after that we
are gonna have to sorry enzyme is so I
like chicken chicken two men then go go
morality
yeah caribou Jana Jana static you know
some of the study was part of the dinner
room today we do BRE
yeah Wow look what oh dear okay I'll be
so confused like command
nervous
this is everything you have me do yeah I
guess see people had several miss
champion
so let's finish our performance
wondering
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
black hope you all enjoyed this vlog if
you did make sure you guys give like a
thumbs up and go turkey and go bring on
your money give a huge shout-out to
Ignat for bringing us to Anaheim and for
letting us perform hope you guys all
enjoyed thank you guys so much and thank
you all for coming through and thank you
so much economics although we come to
more events was an amazing time you guys
were an amazing crowd was just an you
know amazing feeling you know the more
you perform the better you know we get
we feel more confident and seeing you
all you know telling us that was great
and amazing it just you know make sense
a so thank you so much for enough for
giving us the opportunity the girl with
the red hair I forgot nothing is a new
ab nubile Nubian no Bo I'm close she
spoke to us he told us that she started
watching our videos that that's what
made her you know wanna convert to Islam
and it was just you know it's amazing
feeling knowing that you know made her
smile and I don't know it's just I'm
just speechless just having to laugh or
everything so thank you all everything
we'll see we're gonna see Leslie I was
about to cry during the process sorry I
was about to cry during the process when
he was like giving the Shahada because
they were like so happy about it and
there was a brother that converted to
Islam three days ago it's not convert
it's reverting we were just not three
days ago and her God his daughter didn't
want to convert her and then that then
she finally agree and then yes she was
here in the blood daughter so a huge
shout out to you all we are gonna be
here in LA for another probably like
another nine days but in between we're
gonna be going to Las Vegas so it's give
me some crazy crazy vlogs for you guys
and a lot of fun so we'll see you guys
tomorrow take care a see a daily vlogs
