hey guys stuff right now we're at
Central Park doing a new challenge video
for three mhm I was gonna be up next
Friday say what that boys so what up
what's that bah it's not going off for
us alright so slim has to do it there
and there's pretty crazy don't they
don't know what they don't know what's
happening they don't know what challenge
it is a challenge a lot of people did on
YouTube we just had to do and it's
really fun kids turned out to be funny
and I'm so excited to see what slim is
gonna do here he has the mic got the
camera here he has to do something crazy
so we just got the video done we're
about to celebrate because we finally
got the video this place is all my man
galleys so shout out to that mr. pretty
food they have a lot of chocolate oh my
god this is just like Davis I don't know
which one to choose
we good I think we should get this one I
like double extra extra fudge yeah but
this one still looks good that little
peanut boy this one's good twos M&M all
of them not too chewy
I don't know oh my God look at that
brownie oh my God look at why would you
hide the baby you're such a joker see hi
hi hey guys what's up right now me and
Rima are filming a new Instagram video
that should be out I'm so deciding it
should be up today Friday or Saturday
tomorrow was really hard to film because
rumah does not listen why you why don't
you listen huh you don't listen huh Oh
okay so we might had her first fight in
class today
well technically I was gonna fight she
just smacked this girl for no reason
I don't know better teacher sent us a
paper I said that Rima she hit another
student she hit another student for no
reason and they spoke to her about
hitting students so I am gonna teach her
a lesson today I'm gonna teach you a
lesson look in class you don't hit other
people okay so when I read a class you
don't hit I said whenever you're in
class don't don't hit other students
whenever you're in home whenever you're
at home you know smack other people look
at me
no I'm serious look at me look at me
look at the camera look at the camera
closer to the camera click to the camera
tell them I I will yeah not not touch
that anyone anything I'm I'm sorry I
Barry are you gonna kiss your the MCUs
did you learn your lesson me what am I
gonna do with this girl am I gonna do it
what a good pick on someone your own
size huh sighs huh man I'll be a bully
why I want to be a bully don't be a
bully these some kind of joke no this is
not a joke no it's not
stop what those people yep stop bullying
people yeah I just told you don't worry
nobody like when I pull you you do
should I stop bullying you I totally
stop bullying people mm-hmm was a hard
one yes
stop
bullying p-pull you missed me ha ha ha
so I'm gonna ask Rima questions that you
guys left in the comments below of what
to ask Reema daily questions Jumeirah is
not here unfortunately but I will ask
Reema the question ready ready hmm ok so
the question is because oh oh I mean ask
him with two questions everyday I'll
give her a question the first question
is from soo Miah I mean she said ask
them what do they think about the
teacher so Reema what do you think about
your teacher what do you think about
your teacher is she nice yeah
do you like her what's your name eat no
it's tiny what's your name he was not
teacher or remotely what's her name
beeping her name is not teacher what her
name is not teacher her name is not
teacher
alright so love Carmen asked what was
their favorite what was their favorite
part of school today what was your
favorite part of school today what did
you like about school eating food yeah
it was yeah so that's your answer for
your question her favorite part of
school said it was eating food such a
fat boy this is you if you if you stay
like this in school when you grow up I
mean I'm not gonna say nothing anymore
I'm just gonna wrap him spike it's time
to wrap this vlog I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another AC daily flights
oh I love you guys take care yeah and
make sure guys give like thumbs up
gives back that thumbs up he's about to
be some serious coin constant
consequences right now I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care I love you do me Hank TSA and
peace what you said on me what you said
on me huh hey sorry that's what I'm
talking about
yeah that's what I'm talk about
