hey guys what's up I just got here to
unit square to meet up with cream
because he's shooting a new video when I
got here all I see is a dead body on the
myth in the middle of Union Square
people are just taking pictures of him
I'll just call the ambulance right now
so this should be coming soon
and I don't know what the hell's going
on
yeah I just caught I call the ambulance
that come yeah he's been here for a
while the lady these girls they've been
taking pictures in South before another
was just coming right there
I don't know ambulance team we go to
story
these girls are taking selfies with him
while me and a couple other people
called the cops in Imbler
oh you're the guy here was gonna made oh
sure
he's so arguing over there well
somebody's already nine over GRU
I hope he's alive man he's good eyes
open
he's good homies Brian Brian Matilda
soda I got and he said if you fighting
any dents in my youtube videos he's
gonna dance for me so tell him to hit it
dance Rio run the paws of Brian hey that
was doping
do you dance ooh no I don't like you
then about it so I just met up with the
homie cream we just got done filming is
New York on what if it Isis New York on
Isis should be on a week or so is a
crazy video crazy video to film - so
turn every door handle are now about to
go eat some falafel and fever can't be
surprised by the reaction so it was
pretty really it was really crazy but
I'm Dylan our greatest boil because
trying to be really good boys did with
so many people have crappy no sir yeah
are stupid things but they did say you
know when I piss you off please pisses
you off Tommy a falafel sandwich some
garlic sauce on it it's amazing
screams % in China does he like it looks
like it is good I'm sorry
take a bite okay okey okey I stop
alright so right now we're gonna have
our rap battle please and gentlemen our
row on the right side you have eirick
beer and shake Akbar I'm about 10 to the
what you have my Munna Kabir and
Mohammed Kabir yeah my man clapping so
we're get it I could rewind the clock
for us that's all myself
we're gonna have two rounds we're gonna
have two rounds I think you see that
once I think you said that tidy okay
anyways okay we're gonna have two rounds
we're ready to loose we're gonna win
disney eysan we did what the rap battle
yeah
hi this is all freestyle off the top of
our dome if I can't beat us go straight
home oh now see he's also done when he
talked and even worse he look like a
penguin when you walk oh snap I may be a
pig but you're a monkey I'll pass a fast
as a cheetah and you're slow as a donkey
you're in my team Oh kill bye-bye Wow
anyway you've been wearing glasses ever
since you're a 10
I'd call you a nerd but you can't even
hold a pen
my that was right on flight just like
what's that in your hand
is that a fan you're so short you can't
do it tall people can nothing you're
always acting like a girl I could have
started saying where you like some in a
pro-life boom oh hell no you making fun
of it I don't I don't I got one I got
one I going my nook I got a question
yes you're a girl but you act like a boy
instead of toy your Barbie dolls you
player kids toys oh yeah I was a mess my
promise got to get your feelings hurt
like on plumbers okay ready sleeve it
your eyebrows have Madsen's in those
just so not think Oh
sorry can I start from the beginning
I've already heard in your feelings and
I know what I could see it on your face
go :
I'll try see go what about my eyebrows
where did you go my rose
okay don't say anything okay stop
okay leave it your eyebrows off
mountains in them they're so not me
leave what your eyebrows have mountains
in them they're so not I'm playing with
them $20 glasses you look like a geek ah
first of all first of all my gosh is
2025 elves not 25 and say it all I'm not
a geek
really really really didn't last night
just a book music when was the last time
see that's that's how you know I read a
book in watts I'm not a geek I'm smart
not a geek
no no oh wait we're not done here
because yeah he's gonna finish it up
come on you got this
yeah I'm have Italy uh-huh Oh young you
go Oh dark the room is like one I can
beat you any time any time even in a
fight oh oh you don't need you got
ladies and gentlemen here's your winner
like your figure
boom it's a rap battle a lot of poetry
like me and I see just one we just
dominated you how about you guys leave
the room and find something else to do
Oh rat battling isn't your thing how
about you go outside and try to sing no
no we women everything else so who cares
if you on this why don't you just shut
up and Jake Rusty's pissed
ah you just spit on me that's not nice
how are you going to eat fishes for
dinner or even some moist of a girl
named my Munna from Brooklyn New York
she doesn't eat with the spoon she eats
with the fort now the fork isn't clean
clean clean
airplane is such a messy so green green
green
I gotta end the vlog be sure to give
video thumbs up and go pre ani on the
lights thank guys so much for the love
and support so tomorrow
peace you're just gonna do please do
peace manner Thank You P man you want
please man up they're not gonna do the
visit out though thank you that's just
how we do do you sir Cyrus Garza live in
a disguise of one of you now cameras one
issue and it was that guy so it's time
to wrap up this vlog hope you all enjoy
the flag I'm having a late night workout
right now so I look like a mess a little
bit so if you guys did enjoy the vlog
make sure you guys give back a thumbs up
and go Turkey I should be uploading a
new Instagram video that me and Rima did
while I was helping her do a homework
either today or tomorrow so you let me
know on Twitter should I put it up today
or tomorrow it's still working on our
new video so we still don't know yet if
it's gonna be up Saturday or Sunday so
we'll keep you guys updated stay tuned
for that
thank god so much for all the love we'll
see you guys tomorrow with another AC
daily vlogs I love you guys take care
and peace
