what up guys so tell you I won't be home
all day I'll be in a family friend's
house and it's such a rainy day today
it's so boring like when it's raining my
mood just changes like so depressing it
out and in the background as you can see
they're all bored right here at these
who are like just chilling on their
iPads and stuff
she's over there playing with a crayon
so what we gonna do it what I'm sorry
she says she don't play we go so what we
gonna do is I'm gonna have to see you
guys so to make things better
I'm gonna entertain you guys okay I'm
gonna tell you guys jokes and I will
make you a mommy today shine you guys
ready no you don't sound ready see ready
that's the spirit okay you ready you
feel like going to school cuz you're
born you eat school damn bored I go
leave no no
because she said I know you said I'm
going I'm leaving I still to play Sperry
this is what we're gonna do we're gonna
make it girls
and these two are represented the guys
side and here with the guys and they're
all gonna be the girls I see you're
gonna make us laugh okay and we're gonna
make you left whoever makes other person
laughter more more makes other people
laugh the most wins okay I'll stir the
phrase nope you guys didn't I said okay
ready okay what why did the boy take a
life to music classes no because he
wanted arista high notes
get it boy was enough the police's but
let's gonna get like a million shines
days ago see it was answered he wants to
make lemonade while you are done not be
sold as a finance to a wall
what was it what was how did the chicken
fly in the year why because he wanted to
kill
oh sorry Ronnie no and the Malthus
curious
oh my god no you're bad boy I'm sorry
I'm sorry all right so right now we're
about to do a challenge we're gonna call
it celebrity impersonation I'm gonna be
impersonating Obama Barack Obama she's
gonna be impersonating Miley Cyrus
you're gonna be prison aiding Becky G
Becky can you I know Justin she Amy
impersonating Justin Bieber Bieber we're
missing one more person who shows up
sorry I mean it why she's coming to
dance do you guys wanna see my dance
okay no this is Riyaz but I like doing
it ready energy Dexter dirty
I'm gonna do this okay I knew it was
something like that
fellow citizens of America I am
President Obama yeah it's uh just a few
concepts I have been lying to America
for a couple years now and I will be
continued to lie as I am the president
of America thank you very much it's hard
I would be Justin Bieber what should I
do
can I be an imam can I be in a bucket
miss thing and how he is gonna be doing
Cat Valentine cheese fried runde you're
gonna grind it from and now Miley Cyrus
your face TV show Stan over here you're
telling them stand right there my friend
and we can't stop we can stop
and you swear by Merlin I never let you
go never before Oh baby ticket is you
never ever know I got money in my hands
I don't really want a book on you
chillin by the fire while we finish
eating off pop money couldn't do could
something like this and it's time to
wrap a blog thank you so much for the
love and support thank you for watching
we finally got back home after a couple
of hour and so glad to back like there's
so much kids they're like damn like you
can't do anything a piece of Toto watch
TV I know you yeah he's a key silicon
so-and-so he grows up finding a peaceful
but yeah finally back of this for the UK
tour is coming soon so we're gonna let
you know tickets will be on sale very
soon ah you guys all know our booking
email this is a difference you guys have
a question like oh where do we look
booking is it if you want us to perform
for your for your for your like venue
booking that where you get the tickets
to see us that's ticket sales booking is
a different thing booking is like like
we want to start here say in 3mh to
perform at my birthday party that's like
a bookie you know that's where you can
take that you know so if you guys have
any promotional sponsors events anything
be sure to email true story a sa
underscore UK tour at hotmail.com and
yeah that's a wrap and yeah that's a
wrap piece and yeah
