hey guys what's up I'm Adam hi I'm Adam
your emo Camila
I'm Remo okay I don't Rema Rema Adam
mean Adam
very good today we're doing the baby
handstand challenge I'm Nina okay okay
okay today today we are doing the baby
handstand challenge I so about a year
and a half ago we did the baby handstand
challenge with me and Rima and Rima was
really small and it was so easy to do so
now we're gonna do it again and let's
see how this goes for every time rema
does it for five seconds she'll get a
boy nose let go go 1 2 3 1 2 3 4 5 are
you gonna get it with no one boy no for
Rima ah so heavy now oh my gosh last
year she was about to fall this year I'm
not the fall one to let go one let go
one come on oh yeah oh boy let go don't
touch my be with traumatize I'm sorry
give me a kiss I'm sorry big kiss move
it says over here one two three one oh
me hands hit 1 2 1 2 3 4 I only that it
I'll give you $20 $20 your money if you
can do it yeah if you could do it and 5
5 if you could do it 5 seconds okay you
want it
you
at this moment Reema realized that she
made a wrong decision by doing this
video with Adam Wow jeez jeez I got you
so since this is it working out we're
gonna do something else
i'ma put rhemas feet on my stomach and
I'm trying to balance her out so let's
see how this goes
come on perfume is it's a ribbon ribbon
stand up stand up stand up more mom yeah
wah-wah-wah-wah leggo good still stand
up stand up sir
yeah nigga giving real because in up
stand up soon so your whole gonna say oh
are we at this bag okay rimas gonna take
over now
hey what's up we would talk to the
camera see hi lady your money now now
it's my sin hi hi what's up yo yo yo hey
hi joy I'm brie my nice talk hey I'm
ratchet mmm
I can do that face mmm I love you Rima
yeah I love you Rima yeah I love you
Reba I'm have to let go Rima I'm gonna
have to let go
Reba one hand now like oh wait here's a
weight as a piss-up hands up hands up
other handsome head up good job good job
hands up thumbs up thumbs up if you
enjoyed this I know you go to your ass
hmm come on Ramon get that get that ha
give him a kiss huh okay I'll see you
guys take care bye bye
peace see you later not by later I mean
later
easy later Emily later later
hey guys stop right now we're playing a
game of pool you know we are on the
bench waiting to play next we're playing
on
the loser we play with the whole meet
shaking with the sucks
homie 8zu it up to catch a singular to
fly sorry Allah now hold me alot it make
me chase me all of us and ass what then
after that yes I know which are
listening my games they like a loser and
you guys lost oh no they take you about
the go vjz to make anyone anymore like
here I'll quit this game ohh
if shake makes it a lot of things going
quick oh yeah oh that was smooth I was
fluent it is me creamer and our kid in
this place where by the fish basket we
read easily that's about to be cream in
basket already trying to get me me
Baskerville buddy crazy I'm a ball
player man oh I used to play for the why
I'm being why India was the moon asleep
the Yemen national basketball
okay
you get points on the exact thing here I
bet you will give me mark I have 46
points and basketball unity trigon go to
face
why me
how many I lied about to play me out so
far to people they don't know time you
know that you ain't go next you want
how's it playing I don't know what's up
with us yes
it's like is it like
Oh
skaters were on the toilet
Oh
yes
Oh
ah
so what the bricks are messed up
that color
hoodie alright I'm Donna Summer I'm glad
song everybody yeah screw good like that
that was like six flags or something
like that yeah it takes on a
rollercoaster ride
my stomach is bumping up right now like
Oh bugging out my handle Oh meet it hey
we made it smiling to her by just lose
her this Bay Ridge my berries my hood
hello my lovely alright guys so it's
time to wrap up this black if you guys
enjoyed like makes you guys get survive
a thumbs up and go turkey was a fun
night with the crew huge shout out to
you guys always have fun at you guys and
we always make some memories to nah hope
you all are enjoying this sa daily vlogs
do make vlogs every single day if you're
watching this for the first time except
for Saturday's we always try to give the
best vlogs for you guys to watch and be
entertained for tomorrow's vlog we want
to do something and want you guys to be
involved with it we're gonna ask
strangers questions the weirdest
questions that you guys tell us so
comment below a really weird question or
a question you want us to ask a stranger
and we're gonna ask them straight up and
see what they say so leave a comment
below a really weird question you want
us to ask a stranger and maybe we'll
choose it and it'll be tomorrow's vlog
so take care so you guys tomorrow with
another ACA daily vlogs thank you guys
so much teammates say adieu me gang you
guys are seriously the greatest see you
