hi ready tell them we were ready to see
my no baby brother
baby live tell them what's his name
what's his name
baby his name is not baby his name is
marcin Marcin nice and solid
alright so mom keep Rima a fake baby so
she can handle it with care so when her
real little brother comes she can say oh
my god a baby so annoying shut up stop
stop you do not smoke don't shut his
mouth like that if he cries if you laugh
she knows was chose mom how do you hold
the baby we might teach them like this
yeah what do you do huh give a big kiss
on the face
do you like him huh a lot what's his
name like mine his head nice let's do
this the baby was a holding normally not
throw the baby Rima no we might hold oh
my god alright so I know it's you rimas
the little brother you ready huh yes you
got hiccups let me see here comes yep
are you excited go you put us in the car
seat you mean let's just sit here she's
a bad girl Deena's sister your baby are
you excited
you can't go to the park
because we can't see him right now he's
inside messin Sally is 19 inches and
seven pounds mashallah
I want to carry him to look at these
people this is not she kid baby this is
my nephew and it carry him to stop
stealing these babies he's suing the
baby was it yeah I want to see my baby I
love him
hi I want to see him also I want to
carry him and take a picture with him
over here no miramar matter cuz the
nurse didn't let us take a picture with
her little brother my son she didn't let
us carry him or anything she's blaming
alright so I just got home and I'm so
mad because the doctors didn't let me
carry the baby or take a picture with it
all I wanted was a little picture of it
when it was like a day or two old but
now I got away a couple more days until
my son is home here
give this like a thumbs up he's ready to
see my son on our a sa daily vlogs and
if you're ready to raise him with me and
watch him grow up give us like a thumbs
up every single one if you guys are
ready to see my son grow up and watch us
raise him together I'm probably gonna be
with him like 24/7 so insha'Allah
do not make him ratchet I am super
excited and looking for him to come home
I'm still mad at the doctor like homie
it's he's my family's our chores
it's on a Saturday is getting kite
and we're getting started right here
with the homies over here let's eat play
football
yeah ready I'm ready he's gonna be me
cream versus limp and chic
they beat us last time moves to two and
are you seriously gonna plug like a
ninja what we don't blog like a ninja
I'm weighing funds like this that's good
like that we're gonna kick their poverty
game is ten-30 Dona Dona
it's at 6:40
what up guys so I just got home after a
tiring day
it's like 2:15 it's like 215 right now
and I'm not tired and I bought a
controller for my ps3 so I'm gonna be
spending not the rest of the night
because the umbrella says I got school
tomorrow so I don't wanna I don't
understand I mean so Miss felt like 1 or
2 hours playing games on the ps3 I'm
probably go play like cod call of duty
and stuff and you know finally gonna
become an official gamer shout-out to
creamers slim fair inspiring me because
those who are like straight-up great
game heads all they do is play games all
day so they're the one that inspired me
to become like please stop saying it so
I'm playing games for the rest of the
time yeah Lego
the hell I'm reporting every point is
full-time well right now I'm is gonna
set game up for me I put the TV on the
chair for now because I'm so I didn't
buy the stand yeah I'm gonna buy this
soon but you're about to play ps3
waiting play yeah you playing live with
people do you know what life means life
means like you play live like you know
people you can play with the people wide
that's the live means I see what the gun
did you shoot someone yeah oh shoot him
soon
let me shoot him oh oh oh
would you have paparazzi yeah Oh Pillman
ah hey sure sure so I haven't played the
game is so long and so I'm like confused
my life my life is orange so my face is
orange hope me way look like this orange
my face search to donate okay I'm orange
my profile photo
yeah I don't care you don't owe fix now
Dana how you guys was that my team lost
see sweaty
campers oh there we have a loser isn't
the key count loser hey loser come with
us alright guys that's the end of the
vlog truth gives me the thumbs up bingo
beyond the lights thank you guys so much
for the love and support I'm gonna have
to wrap it up here because they're all
tired they have to go to sleep and if
you're making another noise I'm gonna
wake them up and I'll get in trouble so
yeah that's the end they get so much to
love and support and yeah peace
