hey guys what's up I'm Adam mommy this
is one of my coolest nieces her name is
Hilah and we are about to do a challenge
today she doesn't know what the
challenge is but this challenge we just
created it right now on the spot and I
think it would be pretty fun we ask each
other questions and let's say I give you
a question and you get it wrong I have
to draw a little I have to draw a beard
on you little by little and if you ask
me a question and I get it wrong you
gotta like you gotta shave your head
yeah your head I received the idea don't
make more sense can't believe I'm gonna
agree to this but okay I've never really
shaved my beard since I was 19 years old
about two years ago I never really
shaved it completely but we'll we'll do
it for this channel is always um
sometimes you got to take risks and life
and I don't know why I'm gonna you can
hold this I don't know I'm giving a kid
why give me a kid I raised all right
I'll hold this button okay ladies first
go ask me a question yeah 3 seconds 2
into 7 times 9 63
that's right 7 times 9 is 63 at three
seconds answer it bang I got it right on
me okay um I'm gonna sort of easy for
you okay then I let it know cuz right
now you have no beard you're gonna have
a beer by the end of this video what is
the capital of Turkey yeah just great a
little mess desk I'm gonna start off
with a mustache in the capital of
Turkey's I'm gonna I'm gonna heck yeah
let me start off with a mustache you can
only give account damn what's
on Disney Channel and seasons you favor
show Disney Channel yeah oh no the
channel um Hannah Montana and I'm gonna
end it and you get it into a horrible
person okay any changes on all of it I
want to show what is it Jesse Jesse
hello
wait relax a little bit um what are you
gonna say first oh my god I just she
just did
oh my god what was my cat's name
oh I remember what is it fuzz it shake
my cat you forgot my cat's name
yeah I met him bueno oh yeah
you forgot go give me the market don't
throw it over there tonight Lee oh yeah
oh my gosh with my favorite Disney XD
tonight what is Disney XD I wanted so
you said I can tell you that okay it's
Jesse know this I didn't The Wizard of
Oz know a second
it was kicking it kicking I don't know
these showings
what do I call the people that watch our
videos fans nope sisters nervous
I call them sisters just these new
babies you know what I call them family
I mean yeah family look specific what I
call it three seconds
you know I resent that easy position
where you didn't say in the question
room family I don't call the family I
don't call them brothers on a comb
sisters honey I'll call him a dummy's a
dummy gang so now do me gang is gonna
see you with extra beard how's your face
oh my better than one by mistake you
know slicing what's really my favorite
show see ya five seconds to say rimas
favorite show
what's that Caillou Caillou no no no
what's that show called hello what is it
what um Barney yeah I know what is it I
know it's in my head
the atom s in a silo show no it's never
on TV so what is it
it's Tettleton where is Sheikh Akbar
from
all right it's a-okay I can ask you a
question yeah okay who do you like
better civilian kidding oh yeah
I love all of them equals every line I
love all of them equally I'm not going
to choose one I can choose I love you
even she doesn't insist but that's us my
answer yeah that's not a correct answer
that's my correct answer you know in a
crash that's not fair
who do you like best out of the whole
3mh me shake slim Korea only that chef
ma you haven't met creamy saloon yeah so
choose what you'd have to meet them it's
obvious you're my uncle
oh yeah cuz if your uncle all chosen of
commune with my uncle chose him you know
that's just give me hug but you know
what you're still gonna get a beard
under your face look at all this hair
bring it down oh you just put it okay
what's my type ice cream half a second
Belinda is it strawberry you know
chocolate banana split I almost doesn't
know all these stuff like you more you
know the weather's kind of beautiful
today's rainy
and it's really good yeah whether it's
just I think we should just hang out we
just call it a day and hang out outside
guys don't ever just have a mustache on
you oh my god I want to shave this off
oh my god what day did we start true
story SI October 11 2012
so we're loving yeah and you told me
that I'm your favorite youtuber and you
know why they might be a lot what if you
knew I really yeah okay my question is
can you name three peoples all you went
to London and all of their anything 3
under me fans you any name you better
name three people yeah names that I know
that people 18 three thousand three boys
um there's one name pounds um this
Khadija there's ara Maryam to sliema not
three dirty boy there's a lot I can name
as much boys is hella flat the boys in
um um um I'm gonna change oh maybe they
like Hitler
you mean me look mr. bean all right guys
the game is over I think um I don't know
who won the challenge you tell us who
won the challenge but I'm gonna shade
this off did you wear a hat in every
single video no are you sure yeah I
should mm-hmm I really should good I
haven't seen you without a hat in
decades
hmm mm-hmm Jennifer ready hi guys so
it's time to wrap up this vlog I'm
thinking about for watching you guys did
enjoy this challenge make sure you guys
he's like a thumbs up go turkey I'll see
you guys tomorrow with another AC daily
vlogs and I gotta go fix up my beard and
hopefully it'll roll Michelle it'll go
fast because I miss my girl oh I gotta
keep it
I'll see you guys tomorrow don't be
ganked msla or pitch
member
