hey guys up right now we're at a meeting
but rehearsing actually for our oregon
show and he's mad at me because he can
never be mad at me he can never be mad
come on don't be mad at me he's mad at
me because I was too busy on my phone
snapchatting his stuff and I was like oh
we have a lot to come for you guys in
sha allah and we can't wait we're super
duper excited it'll been really busy and
we're gonna sit here so today's our last
day we had to find out everything yeah
for Friday be ready so amplitude
productions team a say do me get shaky
game you guys ready so for anybody that
wants to book us for any you know shows
anything will we do comedy skits
inspirations ours we do stand-up hulu
movie everything this basically is
mostly comedy skits I know we said a
lots of us mostly comedy skits just like
this and we have a part with a surprise
will to give you surprise we have a
surprise and tools like a big you know
I'm not gonna say anything
if you guys wouldn't bug us the emos
down below it's gonna be really fun and
the best part is meeting you guys and
you know taking selfies oh yeah it has
to be selfie King right Oh guys we're
seriously 99% done with that stage
performance so I'm so happy so excited
shake you just farted Oh Donna shake you
lookin so retarded in that selfie while
you take you did yeah that's pretty good
blah it's what he does all day he's on
snapchat
when he's on snapchat I don't get mad
I'm gonna kill with that when I'm on
snapchat he gets mad because I'm not
paying attention to something like that
yeah that's that's another thing when
you want to look when this type of work
just to get that fence up right now
we're just chillin right now no we're
not we get me to get a more recording
where you start right now we're starting
let's go see something amazing
come on want to fight me we are
performing in Oregon in is gonna be the
University of Oregon is
it's gonna be in a college coming or you
get in the state not organ like the part
of your body like the or again like the
first of I guess my or the the Lord is
intestine and it's not though this is a
small intestine you movie in handy you
can mess up my Kofi I'm sorry together
so no he's going to be blunt about it
okay thank you okay I withdrew saying if
we were to sing something order Arjun
ladies it's going to be it's this
Saturday in Oregon and University but it
was five o'clock we are who's at the
door
we have a food I just want to give a
huge shout out to Barack for fixing my
kefir it looks very nice
any nice thank you very much I love you
very much a lot thank you and yes what
do you want to do hmm
practicing you got the food you see a
bit me oh let me touch your face Oh
Santa Claus during each please don't
move ok I see I did a vine it was called
if Trey Songz was Arab and I was like
yeah and I do like I do this on me some
people thought is drew it's actually a
six-pack you know it's chase on six-pack
espadrille and in the vine I said this
which one they all go home first
i'ma get dad's number first and somebody
really DME their dad's number this girl
and I'm gonna call her dad on private
and I'm gonna ask for shoes she said all
this my mom's number
let's make marriage hi baby I love you
Adam so I love you too and I'm gonna
Clary dad and he's the witness for the
marriage you ready
alright so I'm gonna call her dad right
now and memorize a spy's nice press on
it okay I'm calling I really hope you
don't get in trouble and ya told me to
call you
as we finally got done rehearsals and
I'm meeting alhamdulillah we finished
everything
I stayed performance it's ready it's
ready I was so hyped because we're ready
for organ and alt California Bay Yacht
so Canada
unfortunately I can't come to do Vey boy
I was gonna kill it for representing
tmes a bunch a lot everything's gonna go
well this is the start tour we are ready
and thank you guys to our hashtagging
this is a starts or let us know in the
comments below where do you want us to
go and the most places that we see the
comments will end up going and I don't
know I know a lot of European countries
in UK Netherlands are settling in Sweden
Australia and Texas my mum might be
Texas soon Chicago Detroit soon Chicago
we didn't forget about all your don't
worry so just I'm bad with geography so
I don't feel like we're leaving you or
anything I'm not supposed to say this
but they're talking about a UK tour so
Manchester Birmingham London working so
hard all day today and yesterday so
we're gonna give you guys a rant for the
rest of this vlog and it's literally
midnight right now and we're gonna do
right we're gonna look for a place to do
it
it feels like it's like winter right now
it's really probably as winter back for
a spot sorry not sorry right yeah hey
guys and this is
story that train today we're doing the
wreck on the train because we have no
place to do a read it's literally what
am right now and
on the train one of the annoying things
on the train is been rushing to the
Train and just look for a seat as we sit
down together the Train like when your
marks get set go
the one that is chase Percy relax
you're gonna get a seat duplication and
one thing that I find really annoying is
when this little space for a seat and
people would like the biggest bus were
still sick
why would you still sit down
but it's not fit in that space do not
try to swish it so it's sitting down
like that another thing I hate is when
there's like literally so much space in
the seats here in the train but these
sentiments that I see and they decided
to kind of sit next to you
opportunity next to me unless you know
me or something like that was really
creepy
this or spaces or whatever next meal
which seat
oh is it
and
your father
with their with their belongings too
late there's a lot of them I want to sit
down
they're bagging when you tell them to
get off the air by Joe what the hell
when they take up so much space with
their legs they spread their legs as if
they're like I don't know what I do it
she sees my own to see the on the train
yeah everything you wanna stay
especially taste
/ solo
like these huge bags like they're
traveling all the way to freakin
Australia from America
they don't see you like you're invisible
oh you know that right
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
blog hope you guys all enjoy this flag
if you did make sure you guys give this
blog a thumbs up and go Turkey I know
the rant was kind of short because I had
to leave the stop and go home from the
train the trains run so slow during the
night but I still hope you all enjoy it
we'll see you guys tomorrow with another
ACA daily vlogs make sure you guys
follow us on Twitter our links will be
down below we always update on Twitter
almost every single day so hope y'all
have a great day and a great night I'll
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace
