hey guys what's up right now I'm at
cream Scripps it what's up
but uh we're editing our new video pray
in a public park too that consists of
three MH all of us and the video is
going great at home Dylan I cannot wait
for you all to watch it Saturday 5:00
p.m.
should we give them a sneak preview um a
little bit yeah just the pictures we're
just gonna show some pictures and show
them the pictures just picture like
Brian said you guys asked for it you're
finally getting it and then there's a
really big twist we got a week and
mashallah thank you so much for cream
for helping me edit everything and it's
going great I'm not gonna make that face
make that face be the Hat no good that
McDevitt looks just like dude
Switzerland really money from Canada oh
my god let me see the sterling wow that
is crazy oh my god feels like that just
crazy right yeah it feels cool them to
the Canadian or Canadian was like
plastic yeah the Canadian one is like
class I could just say can you crumple
it supposedly it's rubble it won't Bend
yeah there's been equipment wow that's
crazy
who is this guy it was cool so we just
got our food pizza
and we got our French onion dip with
some taquitos and smilla
let's do this come on this so I start
playing games right Maureen's house and
what is it scary game was called Petey
Petey yeah it's a who always has the
craziest games I would play with oh my
god and it looks so creepy because it's
like you have to find the
every training quit for a missile two
minutes okay I'm way way like men
okay last 100 there we go
have you skated this bro
each other menus and yeah Oh
stop now come on come on hope help me
then you can't lock but you can hear the
baby inside of it come back who took my
baby the doors clang yeah how about it
open it you can't so just go back so
these guys just got freaked out by the
girl she saw them in the through the
dark and she shut the door what you guys
see my baby here crying look in just try
to open the door go to the door in the
front and try to open look behind you'll
abide you baby right there's my baby
stopped right at it Nashik de Londres
you shake your turn
Halleck scratches on me because she was
so scared I might lock you got to go
through the door man it was so big is
like like a light like you know any
security decides yeah nothing I'm gonna
be able to sleep tonight
so basically we're playing this game
that you have to draw something you have
to guess what it is what are you drunk
but for me picture next dictionary
screams ups with us because we're number
one he's drawing right uneasy this is a
banana banana ah got it
come on is easy to yeah a snake Oh
wonderful a dog oh oh
the caterpillar like a slave like semi
cheap it bloodline Teddy B yes Oh Gary
cheating well I swear I le ciel elbow
made a Mandy I go to use the Bandini
phantom pain
yeah money in my pocket check check I
got money in a bank checks bank rich
money here oh it's another name for it
wealthy wealthy when you make the
bolivian bucks a grand hello for the
excess but then i said a lot of money
man
as a future formerly this is a drunk our
truck car a drunk a car hire top window
window windshield chill ambulance
ambulance
I got three baby yeah shake is good at
shakes hey hey a bubble and that Tic Tac
Toe
this punch told the kids suck you talk
only they're really hurricane she's
sushi pizza pepperoni uh uh he had in
last minute I watched it last Irwin Oh
me and on our side second third oh no
you out of luck let Mysterio I'm second
I don't know man
another quick goodness I got so it's
time to wrap up this vlog hope you guys
all enjoyed this vlog even though it was
just indoors and playing games if you
did make sure you guys gives like a
thumbs up and go turkey we're editing
all day today because we had a lot of
footage and we did not know which stuff
to choose we editor for like about five
six hours this video should be out
Saturday at 5 p.m. I can't wait for you
all to watch it it's early in the
morning right now because I didn't want
to edit the vlog at night because I got
scared of that game you know it was just
creepy and I was seeing stuff and it was
just so scary I didn't want to do
anything so I decided I'll edit the vlog
when I wake up in the morning when it's
sunny and
it's not dark I did not get to see Remus
when I do get to see I'm gonna make her
say the announcement her birthday is
actually on August 30th so I really hope
I get to see her before because right
now she's at my cousin's house and she
needs to come back I hope you guys still
enjoy this vlog and so he was like a
thumbs-up even though it was kind of
short I know just indoors of us playing
games they care I love you all teammates
a dummy gang pitch I love you
