hey what's up everyone
all the AAA fans out there I just want
this message out to Adam first off I
want to say I've never seen you cry bro
and it was really upsetting to see you
cry I just want to say never ever show
your tears again because to be honest
the only person who truly knows your
attention that knows your heart inside
and out is a lot
and you know one thing I know the reason
I love you and the reason I always spend
my time with you
is because you're a good guy and I love
you guys all of you together I want you
to know that there's a reason why you
are where you are my brother from
another mother
and I see everything you do and you have
such a wonderful heart Adam don't ever
let anyone gets you or change that don't
forget about that there's always going
to be people trying to bring us down and
go wrong but remember a true Muslim
always make another Muslim feel wanted
and loved and that's what we want from
each other what's that that up real talk
but you gotta stop by in the haze gets
news I've noticed since 2011 and I guess
such as counter as person you always
there for people you always there
supporting people you always there
giving inspiration so you know don't let
this one or two come out of nowhere and
ruin different you know just keep your
head up in evening you we always at your
back man three vegetable eyes bro
thank you always inspired me bro you're
such a nice person everybody loves you
just got that char man just alright no
one gets your head towards ass back any
problems you know come to us talk about
you know chill we have fun that's how we
do your favorite so he does it right so
we do yeah so I think we love you man
and you know keep ahead of breath and
don't let anyone get to you that that
same Rob well closer your quasi seize it
please okay what up I was shaken person
tell them how shaken person shake house
in person not shake is on that what'd he
say didn't care of April yeah yeah well
I think all Muslim people mom is very
beautiful
I shall not with that bro no I hate
shake no I hate shake no he wants to
give me a hug what kind of person bhakti
my hug back there with the oil microwave
it doesn't matter out here it I look at
them hug again also so mom told me to go
outside and it's like so vacuum in the
streets because it's dirty SSO I'm gonna
start vacuuming the streets you guys
ready
my guys hand and help me I'll just look
no manual I'm supposed to clean screw
vacuum so apparently this vacuum is
where you need to play a some sad music
for this poor poor vacuum
Adam why all the anger man leave me
alone
Oh what did that vacuum do to you don't
ask any question it hurt me how did it
hurt you hurt me
okay is this guy for real right now I
just because it's getting creepy
question are you gonna judge it like
that just physically like seriously sir
like what's wrong with this man you've
enough are you gonna seriously be just
like the nice little issues with that
vacuum cleaner like seriously just
because of vacuum because of vacuums
getting clean fireless lawsuit on that
back story we can take care just because
the vacuum cleaner clean the ground so
abuse and there ladies and gentlemen
that was a story of the young man Adam
who has destroyed and abused a poor old
vacuum as they run across this
Oh
so we finished our game slim one was 25
23 what a surprise he cheated I didn't
she cheated I didn't do it fat we will
follow me like this oh and I'll be like
yo ass how that's no excuse it's gonna
throw like that let go that's a foul I
will grab my pants
all right so we finished the video
reporting is in the first video and we
where it's all four of us this is the
first main Channel video that we have on
our channel all four plus three mhm as
the video is going to be known as to
image and it's a nice serious video that
you all get in love
I don't want to say that I love how Adam
keeps talking like this
hi Rima Hamza hi your baby no ok so hams
and Rima they gone to argument and we're
gonna make them turn friends okay said
that makes each other okay yeah come on
serum I want to be friends sit down next
to each other I'll make you guys turn
friends again Hamza what's your favorite
food come closer you move locals stop
right there have a little space between
what's your favorite food
sandwich Rima
do you like sandwiches no okay okay she
likes carrots okay we will move on to
step boy stop okay dad okay knows that
thing I got this game come full house
story
Hamza um what's your favorite chocolate
chocolate Reema do you like Hershey
chocolate carrot you can't say carrot
again
do you like Hershey chocolate yeah
Reema do you like Hershey chocolate yes
or no yeah I like that it selects only
carrots really what are you Bugs Bunny
do you like Hershey chocolate
do you like carrot oh my god you guys
also say agree I carry my move more that
way I should
okey - okay oh my god you guys with your
friends that comes together okay um
Reema do you have two eyes is either ham
ZDF twice yes okay come closer
no no no don't close you guys have two
eyes Reema come closer
do you love do you love me how much do
you love me a lot of uncles you know so
is that yeah okay don't move that way we
both love me more that way more more a
little more little more okay okay Reema
look at me do you like to go outside do
you mean it okay do you like us I'm
sorry okay you time did you like going
outside not really be honest
no sir it's not really Alex I'm joking
you always tell you want to go outside
your liar uh I do look outside okay Tori
come closer you just don't wanna be
friends become closer closer how does
that go little more closer YouTube okay
okay stop so yeah alright now that's you
were close and I got gonna hug so I'll
gonna make up hug and make up both you
guys hug no we must stand up alright
give each other hug
they're turning to friends now all right
they made up they want to give a hug but
they made up say love Rima okay alright
guys so it's time to wrap up this vlog
but before I wrap up this vlog I have a
couple announcements to make and they're
exciting announcements and I cannot wait
to tell you all but before I say an
announcement I just want to say thank
you all for messaging me tweeting me
commenting and just tell me all these
positive stuff I kept reading all these
positive stuff in a truly meant a lot
and it did make me feel a lot better and
it will keep me moving forward we're all
human we go through ups and downs and I
just wanna say thank you guys so much
for being there for me and for making me
smile it really means a lot I really
hope I can make you guys smile with
anything or brighten up your days or
just make you in a better mood I really
hope I can do that cuz you guys do the
same to me alright announcements um we
have a couple I don't know how much but
I don't know which one to start with
okay I'll say the first one the first
announcement is we're gonna have a new
video out Saturday at 5 p.m. and it's
going to be praying in public part 2 but
we have a twist to it and you guys will
see the twist when the new video is out
and I think this video is one of the
most amazing videos we've ever done so
you all have to check it out Saturday at
5 p.m. but the SEC announced me is that
we are going to be making a new channel
and this channel is going to be the 3m8
channel so we decided me shake slim
Karim you know how slimming a cream they
have their own channels with cider since
we're like best friends we always hang
out each other why not make a channel
and be a group so we decided we hang out
each other literally every day so we
decided to give you guys something new
to give the whole YouTube world
something new we're gonna be a group and
make a channel and do videos there was
so good oh sorry say something so going
to his channel
cream so going to his channel but we're
also going to do 3 mhm and it is going
to be a lot of big things we're going to
be doing an introduction video for the
channel 3 mhm pretty soon in a couple
days we're gonna let you
no and we're gonna be doing a lot of
videos there and something there that
you guys are going to love so the third
announcement is that we are going to be
having a UK city to city tour organized
city to city tour and we're going to be
performing from December 20th until
January 2nd from here then city to city
tour in the UK about we're gonna go to
about 7 to 8 cities all the cities in
the UK we are going to perform not all
but most of the cities in the UK we're
going to perform on stage and perform to
you guys your tickets will be on sale I
think on October but for now we have an
email to story UK tour email if you guys
want to book us many private events for
any sponsorships or anything that you
guys want to book us for our emails
right here for in the UK through
December 20th and January 2nd this email
is not to buy tickets or anything this
is just if you want to book us for
something or if you want us for a
birthday party or any events after our
shows I'm so excited for this because
last time I went to UK it was just crazy
but this one is going to be 10 times
crazier but more organized and you guys
are going to see what we're gonna do on
stage and for this UK tour is going to
be me shake true story and also slim and
cream so it's going to be the whole 3mh
group and we are as I said what we're
gonna really set the channel it's
something that we're also going to do on
stage for the performance and it's going
to be big and crazy not just twice as
crazy not just three times as crazy
about four times as crazy because it's
gonna be four of us and it is going to
be I just cannot wait for it cuz it's
gonna be crazy
we're also going to be doing a world
tour gonna let you guys know soon on
that we still don't have anything really
confirmed anything like that but the UK
tour is confirmed for December 20th and
so January 2nd if you want to book us
for anything and events anything as I
said the email is right there or down
below and we are going to be performing
in a lot of city to city in the UK so
get ready for that the fourth
announcement is we're going to be doing
Twitter competition for this UK tour all
you have to do is put the hashtag aasa
mayhem and then you put the email of the
true stories a booking email and then
you tell us why we should choose you to
win and hang out with us we're gonna be
choosing people from each city that
we're gonna go to hang out with us and
show us be all guys those go on Twitter
our Twitter's down below and put hashtag
AC mayhem and explain and tell us why I
think you should be chosen we will
choose I think one person or two people
for each say that we're gonna go to hang
out with us and just chose us I know it
says either one or two winner but I
don't know we're probably gonna end up
choosing like 5 or 10 people
and last announcement the fifth
announcement is um now I don't say the
last time I'll let Rima see it cuz Rima
told me she's the one that wants to say
it so when I was here tomorrow I haven't
seen her today uh you'll see her
tomorrow and she is going to be saying
the last announcement but yeah those are
all the five announcement the first one
was no video to Saturday prayin of
public part two the second one is I
forgot what was second one the second
one was oh the second one was a three
main Channel we're gonna give you guys
something no three major channel the
third one is the UK tour and the email
from the book us for anything and the
first one is the competition that we're
gonna have in the fifth one is Rima is
gonna see it so hope you guys got it and
hope you guys can't wait because I'm so
excited for now we're gonna upload vlogs
videos and everything to keep you guys
entertained until UK tour comes and
everything so stay tuned for that
I love you all make sure you guys give a
thumbs up and go Turkey
I'll see you all tomorrow at another ACA
daily vlogs take care I love you all so
much and peace
