hey what's up guys so this is not gonna
be like another vlog you guys are
probably expecting like a comedy one or
something funny or something
entertaining and stuff this won't be
like that this is gonna just go be a
video and I'm gonna be expressing some
some points or some some messages
basically in our last video that was
posted up by Adam he was he was
discussing a serious serious matter
here's a quick clip from that video I
can't do anything about the hate I get
only a lot kid I guess I just I just let
it get to me but I guess that just
happens with each one I see how people
just step on you but I do not care about
Fame although in my life is to be happy
to make my parents happy I just want to
have fun and make people laugh and make
people smile honestly like when I like
when I watched this video I was like you
know I felt sad and stuff because Adams
like he's like such a sweet guy like
he's always there for people he's always
he's always there for the homeless he's
always there for anyone that needs help
like if you ever really help you ask him
he'll never say no that's the type of
person he is and this person being
compared to the job is like it's like
such an insult it's like such a bad
thing like you know the job he comes to
earth and it tells people he's God I
don't then telling what he's got
god forbid he's he's helping people he's
he's inspiring them and to see a person
like that even cause such a name to
being called such like hollow stuff I've
been Alice friend since 2011 so it's
2014 x12
that's three years and I've never in my
life seen him cry and after seeing this
video help of him crying that just shows
how you know how it affected him when we
chill with him when we were walking with
him he probably is smiling this in that
boat one when he gets he he hides it I
know you hide the key it's always behind
the smile he just want to show it but he
tells me one time he's like yo look what
someone said and I read it and it's very
hurtful and I know inside he's dying but
you know he pretended that he's like he
covers it up people got stuck with the
he honestly especially especially when
people don't deserve hey but what did
what did you get me a heap for I don't
get it like he's always inspire people
so doesn't normally get him hey since
we're discussing he recently recently in
the vlogs that I put up or recently in
the vlogs that I'm in um like I've been
getting a lot a lot more hate than usual
one of them like I was going through my
comments one of them said why is shakes
baby on the floor I mean I explained
this a couple of times before in the
vlogs
the reason that I'm sleeping on a
mattress on the floor is because my
house caught on fire
approximately one and a half years ago
and after that after my house caught on
fire we we moved to people's houses for
a couple months we had to live in one
person house for a couple of months and
ever more
it was very hard for us because this 71
our family and had to move around so
much into people's houses even though
they opened up to us you know it's still
like I can't live with someone it's in
somewhat houses like that so we were
moving around like that and then we
rented a house for 4 X 6 7 months and
then we finally moved back to this house
after I got fixed all houses fit except
the basement basically and the basement
was where my room was gonna be it was
because we have the basement the first
floor belongs to us the rest are all for
rent so my room was gonna be in the
basement and it's not fixed so that's
why they say gonna be fixed very quickly
so that's why I brought my mattress to
the second floor with like still looking
for people to rent it to put it out
there put in a room and slept it
temporarily until I get my room fixed so
this is basically the reason why I sleep
on a mattress on the floor there's
another comment that says that it wasn't
really a comment it was on Twitter like
a lot of people after London meeting me
and stuff they say that I'm Adam psychic
that's probably one of the most hurtful
comments I've got so far
because because when we created this
channel it wasn't just Adam and it
wasn't just me it was us together 5050
equally we were created we created this
channel and then to a point where I I
come this low people will be calling me
Adam sidekick you know that that makes
me feel bad because I put equally same
effort I put in and then I end up
becoming look like like I end up being
called a psychic it's just I don't I
like
is like another comment that comes into
my vlogs or the videos that we put up is
why does he wear the same clothes do you
expect me to like wear our new shirt
every single vlog like I understand like
I have a good amount of shirts but it's
not like I have to wear I have to have
365 shirts with Dan six five date that
doesn't make any sense
you know who cares if it was I this is
one favorite I have I wear it a little
bit more often every two three days I
probably wear that shirt because I
really really like it all right that's
what hosing when I wear this isn't it
doesn't mean I'm poor it doesn't mean
broke it doesn't mean any tonight
because that's my favorite shirt
everyone has a favorite outfit and when
I was a favorite shirt I went has a
favorite high you know that's my
favorite shirt so that's that's why I
wear that a bit more than the that I
wear the other clothes there's a few
people out there who who who question us
and they they say that what we're doing
is shirt or something or what we're
doing is wrong it's around this and that
and they they blame our fans they blame
the hijabi fans they blame us what I
want to say to that is I want to tell
those people to mind their own business
in Islam is says advice but it doesn't
tell you to force to make a plan someone
like alright you do your job of advising
but you shouldn't force down someone you
shouldn't make them do it this is what
this is what I'm the people in the world
this is what they may think of Muslims
they think Muslims force acting upon
themselves they think that Muslims
everything they want they have to force
it see we have to change that image
Muslims do not say to force it
they say advise the Prophet mom's like
someone used to tell people to advise it
doesn't force if he doesn't go to them
with the knife and say Oh change your
way out
change your way Iraq he doesn't say that
he says he advised me tells me listen
you know it's hard to do this for your
best please do not do this
all right this is what we were taught so
for those people who force this stuff
upon you guys should really stop and
stop forcing and you know if you're here
to give a positive message to the world
do it in a positive way don't do it in
such a such a forceful behavior like
they say that we we force our fans to to
run after us like that or we force them
to take selfies like that honestly
straight real talk right here if I seen
someone who inspires me to become a
better person I will go up to that
person and take a selfie with them or
take a picture with them and I will tell
them straight up like listen you're my
inspiration because that person inspired
me to become Who I am
just like that we are inspiration to
many people I am an inspiration to a lot
of people they come up to me and they
ask for picture they ask for self today
they tell me like listen you're such an
inspiration thank you so much for this
and that there's nothing wrong with that
all right this is nothing absolutely
wrong with that and our fans who are
inspired by our videos they do that they
come and take selfies they come and show
support and you can't stop our fans from
doing that alright this is this is a
message to all these people who blames
our fans like that who blames us like
that you know if you have an issue just
step out of the picture and go out to
someone else
alright because it's honestly it's
getting irritating now like what is this
your if you have a mission to separate
us from our fans or something like
honestly it's just this stuff that is
the limit to stuff and these people are
going past the limit most of the people
that hate on me personally are from my
own kind I feel like that's one of the
saddest things because you know we're
from the same time you're supposed to
support me you're supposed to help me
you know putting a better image out
there you're not supposed to bring me
down it did the term that a busy term is
called
leg pullers it's like it's like when
someone tries to be to go above the
people in the bottom they pull their leg
they try bringing them down so they can
go that's the type of person that this
is
I don't know if any other people use it
but there's a lot of people out there
who does that like they can't ever
appreciate someone of their own kind
going to the top they will always want
to bring that person down so they can
make them look bad and bring them down
to a level like why think you just
appreciate and and support them you know
so basically I'm trying to say is please
just leave your hate behind and show
love you know this world needs love we
can't we don't want to live in a world
where this all hate we were we're all
humans we all came from the same guy we
were all create the same way and we all
bleed red you know so with that being
said that's the end of this video hope
all the ignorant people and all the
haters they understood somebody for this
I in shall I pray that you guys don't
return with the heat I pray that the
Comets a filled with more love than hate
that's the end of this video get the V a
thumbs up go beyond you thanks so much
the support we have big announcement
coming for you soon and yeah
that's a wrap
