hey guys what's up that was supposed to
be a normal black today but something
has been bothering me and I decided to
talk about it I was actually with my
family tailing blogging but I couldn't
vlog after like two three minutes
because she was just bothering me that I
didn't even have the power any like
motivation to even be vlogging so I
decided since this is YouTube and you
can say what you want and you can tell
anybody that's watching what you want to
the whole world I'm gonna talk about
this issue it has been bothering me for
a couple weeks and I always try to
ignore the hate but I don't know I just
feel like I gotta say something and just
talk about it and let you guys know what
I think from my side I didn't know where
to start so I don't know if you guys
know a couple weeks ago at our London
meet-and-greet I Birmingham me in degree
in Amsterdam so like that and there has
been like a lot of hate going on
basically judging me judging people
they're just judging everybody so many
judging going around you know the Muslim
Ummah is already in trouble we have so
many people against us and it just
saddens me to see our own kind of people
against us too I always try to be strong
and I always chattering positive and I
always try to keep small my face and
show you guys that you know to spread
positivity to you guys and some of you
guys think that my life is even perfect
by just me smiling anything oh wow life
is perfect but no I go I'll go through a
lot of stuff I just ignore it I just
want to say right now to to stoop down
and compare me to someone who's gonna
claim their God is just I I don't even
know what to say like compare me to the
DJ I don't even care you can say
anything about me anything but when you
compare me to the dad to somebody who's
gonna pretend he's God is just and
people call themselves Muslims and they
go ahead and compare me to a cafe first
of all what's wrong with taking a selfie
there's nothing wrong with taking a
selfie with someone that you get
inspired by or some of that you enjoy
watching there's nothing wrong with that
who are we to judge I understand if you
want to give me guidance if you want to
help any other Muslim brother any any
brother out there any human being out
there you don't have to publicly say it
to the whole world and bash on them and
use
own sins against them because that right
there is Haram if you want to guide the
person don't personally say it in a way
for them not to be bashed by others you
never see other religions against each
other you always see them with each
other so many people use Demeter ghee we
had in London Birmingham and Amsterdam
as an excuse to just air it around the
world and judge me and judge the people
that came who are you to judge the
people that came yes people are excited
I would get excited if I see somebody
that I always watch that I get inspired
by and yet sometimes having big
gathering or big crowd it does get
hectic and people are judging me saying
that I don't care about anybody that
came I care about every single person
that came and I care about every single
person in this world I do not want
anything bad happening to anybody in
this whole world I don't care if you're
Muslim Jewish Christian I don't care as
long as we're all human I wouldn't want
anything negative happening to anybody
all human is seeing Muslims always
judging each other always bashing each
other this is why we're divided I'm just
saying as Muslims we have lost I loved
one another and we just focus on judging
each other we should be seeing positive
things to each other we have to stop
hating our children if you do have
something against anybody fix that we
need you and I as Muslims and human
beings that show the world that were
much better than that I'm not a person
to hold grudges I do things because I
want to do them I don't do them for fame
I have good intentions and what I want
to do and some people would just
backfire on me and just twist things up
and make it seem like I'm the bad guy
and I'm doing all these stuff of bad
intentions I don't care about money
I do not care about Fame although in my
life is to be happy to make my parents
happy I just want to have fun and make
people laugh and make people smile I'm
not the best Muslim out there and I
always try to be better but
I can't believe it
okay I never do is hook up I don't I
can't do anything about the hate I get
only a lot kid I guess I just I just let
it get to me but I guess that just
happens with weights when I see how
people just step on you but it's okay
from now on I'm not gonna care anymore
I'm just I love my witness as well I
have nothing but love for everybody if
you ever said anything negative about me
it just ice or whatever it's I'm human
we're all human we all make mistakes I
wasn't gonna make a video about this you
know because I thought why should I have
to explain myself to the people who are
even saying good things about me from
this day on I'm gonna continue on making
you all smell if you guys want to watch
watch if you don't want to watch me have
negative something negative to say then
I'm sorry for spreading any negativity
because I always spread positivity and I
want you all to always be happy that's
what I'm gonna do now continue do that
and always stay strong and you guys all
make me strong for everybody who always
has my back thank you so much my friends
my family it truly means a lot it's
whatever
life goes on and I don't know I have
nothing else to say and I just hope and
pray that one day that there'll be no
hate and we'll all be united and I don't
know I have nothing else that I could do
it just I just wanted to all unite
until then only Allah knows I made this
video with a smile because I
