hey guys what's up a doobie gang this is
Adam Saleh and I'm here at the Adams
family house where every day is a big
day but today it's gonna be a real sad
day I'm cutting my whole head off well
not my head but my hair off because I am
having a fresh fresh start again what's
good youssef he's the one that's gonna
cut my hair today because last I believe
last year I cut his head oh yo and he's
been waiting for these dates they cut my
whole head off I keep saying that it's
not a head it's my hair it's all good I
don't mind because I'm starting a new
chapter here as I told you guys a new
beginning so we're gonna go buy a
freaking razor then we're gonna come
back and my hair okay do me gang while
I'm on my way to get my hair cut off I
just want to tell you guys that tsunami
the lyric video tsunami is getting to be
out today so today there's gonna be two
videos a vlog and the tsunami lurks
video as I told you guys man out of
sound flags man we going all the way up
every day is a big day this stock went
up so make sure you guys go show love to
tsunami the lyric video it should be up
after the vlog every single week is
gonna be a new lyric video so while I'm
on my way like a tsunami to cut my hair
let's um let's jump to it and this is
one of my songs that like really really
deep to me soma
you said ready let's do it
I know I'm gonna miss my hair man what
am i doing this man I feel like any
person that starts like a new chapter or
something random just like shaving the
head to make themselves feel like you
know like it's they're starting
something new I mean it's a good good
feeling specially with my hair like I
hate it so much I've dyed it so many
times well for like pink green blonde
blue freaking I don't know so many
colors so Yousef please man take it easy
on me man take it easy
I'm so sad I'm so sad he's gonna cut my
hair he's gonna use one lemon mean
you're gonna fight if you do a ball
walnuts ears or dog side go to Walmart
man you go bald
imma cut it like sighs - I'm like one
bald patch man please don't please don't
with you don't quite had hair up to here
and you cut it all off Walmart is so big
and I can't wait to do my first ever
prank inside here yes but you - I'm Vito
you're suing Walmart no I'm gonna crank
everyone mommy my next victim I don't
know
thank you dreadlocks and I was able to
get a mat we don't use no way oh damn
and she just convince me not to cut my
hair I have to have this fresh start
let's go I can't stop now you can go
look choose whatever you want choose it
choose it choose it I'm not looking at
it go choose it he's gonna choose that
one just wait here yeah everyone is so
cool around this area of in my
neighborhood is dope man and I love I
just got one of the best ones right now
I hate you in wait wait family oh my god
guys in 30 seconds you guys gonna see me
well see Youssef cut my freaking hair
off oh my god oh my god the last time I
cut my hair was private like 2016 2015
so it was pretty hard for me to do it so
Adam here oh my god he's never been this
my older brother in him were arguing who
wants to cut my hair it was like he cut
my beard let me cause there he's like he
cut my hair I want to cut his hair and
then Naz would call me he's like I want
to cut Adams there everyone wants to cut
my hair I don't want my hair to be gone
but since we're having a new beginning
that's the only reason why I'm doing it
cuz you know Adams olive lives you know
I'm saying we going up the stock went up
so thumbs up for do me gang before I cut
my hair I want you guys to subscribe put
your notifications on because every
single day in Adams family house it's
gonna be a big big day but cut my hair
here in the backyard
Yussef please do not do it ball just
leave me a little bit of hair left
please I beg you that's all that's all I
want new house new me and then maybe in
a few weeks you guys are gonna see new
car after my shows and quaked so if you
guys haven't got any shows the quaint
make sure you guys get it we added VIP
tickets good you take it satisfied with
that cop do me gang this is the last
seconds of my hair I just want to say
hey I love you so much
I'm gonna miss you don't think I'm just
letting you go like this you'll be back
soon I love you we've been through so
much that you guys don't understand my
mom is so happy man she just wants me to
shave my head what do you think about my
hair being gone haha no English easy
doing media which isn't me no baby
you're that medium do me gay I just want
to say I know you guys a lot of you guys
love my curly hair but um I have to do
man to start something new you need to
do something that is a refreshing start
yep
you cut it there well loosen stop man
chill out relax homies no these dudes
have faded man I love that ass should I
break our hair right there are my bike
hashtag safe Adams hair nobody listen to
me no no you staying
I cannot do something first can I cut
the first girl I'm gonna cut the first
girl I can't do this to my girls man
they did they didn't do nothing bad to
me mr. C they didn't do nothing bad
okay alright a lot of love is better did
you see really cuz ya else are you
aligned
mine doesn't want to be gone is that I'm
sorry Emma
aim aim aim just chill man
and he made enough scissors Annika my
head is going to be gone see my head
wants to stay with me well here was it
wants to stay with me Snoopy no my hair
within this Allah use it a lot ok ok oh
my God my hairs know how you cut it
oh my god my period my poor man giveaway
on Adams here no you're not bro giveaway
guys giveaway like this video to get
some Han Yeo I don't feel
took me three years and a half to get my
beard very useful a month now I didn't
know I cut someone's hair this is no
time to wait come on some nice waves I
feel like I'm giving birth they love it
is no chit my Jesus my Jesus my dream my
dream money make you Allah no no no - oh
my god oh my god oh my god moment save
my child up to me no I don't know oh my
god I'll see you guys next shot the
barbershop I don't want to show you guys
my lair yeah I need to stop being to
ratchet man I'm in an area you know
mature area but I do me guys gonna be so
hard to find a barbershop that I like my
guys do me gay my hair looks like
complete mess but I feel comfortable
showing you guys because you guys are my
you know right at I do me so don't judge
me man but I'm going to the barbershop
right now the thing is I moved from
Harlem so Harlem has you know the dope
barbers so I went inside and I was like
do any of you guys know how to give skin
fades nothing going right now and get
them on my skin fitt so i'ma see you
guys get the next shot will see how it
is if it's good or not let's do it all
right guys I just found my official
barber the homies see right here see
thank you so much that I'm becoming to
him probably like every you guys know
like a haircut so feel like a brand-new
man man I'm not gonna lie I kind of
underestimated the barbershop but the
home easy hooked it up man thank you so
much hope you guys like it to do me a
few guys like it thumbs up if you guys
love this hair I want to see every
single one of you guys given the video
thumbs up thumbs up and do me getting I
want to get 30,000 thumbs up minimum on
every single vlog because the atom solid
vlogs the price went up do me a nasty
lie to you guys commenting on the new
video telling me to do like a Q&A with
the new member of the Adams family so if
you guys want me to do that leave a
question down in the comments below and
I will ask I'll ask Janine any question
how old you how are you anything sir
what do you think about her say well
look don't lie to me you sure okay
hi guys say upset is good so my hair is
good the stock went up boy so see guys
let me know the comments below if you
guys are enjoying this hair be honest to
me don't lie to me be honest man I don't
know it like 50 million legs all right
do me again I just finished taking a
shower and getting ready the homies will
cause slimming the cave they're pulling
up to the Addams Family how to say what
up so I'm gonna get the reaction of my
hair it should be as done right then hi
guys so slim did it come with the homies
what costs and they keep are here man
seriously mom Tatas would cost you like
you she loves she loves will come we're
going to the mall near us some it's
called up what's cool I don't know
Roosevelt Morrison like that but yeah
we're gonna see you guys the more next
shot back there we just got to the mall
man
it's so proud to look at this myth this
mall is goatman this is our new spot to
be honest we're just scoping around the
mall I'm gonna be going to malls more
often man to shop chill block I know
this is not goodbye mama being in a ball
and having a ball next to you your house
and stuff makes you feel like you know
Dubai Mall we check that a couple stores
but I'm gonna take you guys in the store
and probably the next vlog in like a
week or two
is that real big thank you that's big
pigby the nade exposed big bathing date
well eight kicks whoa what you looking
for for the Newsies yeah sold I can't
get it somebody gotta hit me up there
this beautiful girl wants it to be in
the vlog and uh okay she's shy but she's
so cute now she's good give me a big
fine sure like this like this yes yes
she hates me oh my god I'm sorry
bye you're pretty you are princess have
power princess is that your daughter or
has he done on she's so cute that
princess is gonna be in a vlog now
okay what's your name
Kayla guys what's up I'm weak a loud
long island can't get again you know
Loki ate pigs man he's just stopping
right now for new Yeezys mooo sneakers
he's trying to have a better see you
click you're not I'm telling you bro you
see I'm telling you man I can't find
that I'm a fine lady but it's huge man I
feel comfy man teddy bear man I miss my
teddy bear the old one is back home so I
got a new one need to get this for my
shadow take it right now I'm sure oh my
god this thing is heavy man
okay do me gang it is the end of this
vlog I hope you all enjoy this like if
you did make sure you guys subscribe put
your notifications on thumbs up and I
will see you guys tomorrow if you guys
haven't noticed the atom saw vlog they
have became more crazy more lit because
of the new Addams Family house and every
single day is gonna be even more or less
so I hope you guys are ready for that a
lot more surprises to come the
confession I'm gonna get a car soon I'm
gonna get a dog some German Shepherd or
a husky I don't know Janine is in the
vlog now so I cannot wait you do me gang
stay tuned then I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and pitch like from
one-on-one session and you already know
I'm on a mission cuz I know you've been
waiting for me to come through long
overdue over a coup I can't get it over
you
