hey guys what's up right now I am in
Times Square waiting for slim Khalid and
his little brother Hamza and shake your
mother pick me up so I wouldn't go even
have even eat breakfast and it's like
literally six five six pm like fasting
but not last New York City is so crowded
trailer I came walk
who's going up what's happening nothing
there's gonna go eat doughnuts I really
hate it when shake text me says he's
here but he's not here he's actually
like two blocks away I did finally want
to shut up huh
sorry
so we're looking to go get something to
eat what do you guys what do you like to
eat breakfast lunch dinner
Roach's dinner you know like roaches
roaches he's good though I got some
roaches in my pocket I love you so much
Matt look thanks
I love you too well they can't get a
ride please try and ride yeah
yowza ready let's go you crazy
hey hey you guys see the King yeah it
was like a motorcycle is a device that
was always even a bike isn't what I got
off cuz I'm crazy
go Angela are you
yeah
we're waiting for cream then we're gonna
go finally how long are you in for half
an hour now you're half an hour I was
going fast enough enough stop man
guess who's in this Irish pub yeah and I
was in a wallah who's nyam night Niall
from one direction was was in this man
y'all make sure I make sure they don't
hear you say yeah nobody got something
aiyo
and I think so we can't fit one table so
we have to like share it last thing we
should do like the Yemeni way we should
just eat on the floor and all of us
could sit together and talk together
right they'll be better posted on the
floor okay I'm down down actually want
to Six Flags you down
come on big white one big soup you got
soup you got soup with my soup
you got water make a nice mess up I
wanted soup all right so we got like
some amazing bread here eating crew
finally came through
he's late to Mary I have to give her
like a really good how are they give her
a diamond ring ring Club thank you Dora
I'm gonna bring you three months she
said she loved you so much close to
marry your babies do you love every
mother or we always had a baby she's a
big girl now she's - oh my god she's -
you're good man yes
like I said goes again yeah look it all
right so finally finish eating calling
tonight
yeah yeah put the creation people later
it's all homes leave it leave in the
comments love scene beer or it seemed no
beer three more days skinny very skinny
sir I got a small but far we know
problem insurance policy I can get it at
that I was no boss we got customers
no wait I would set it up you fancy huh
oh you gotta make it right here and the
game is done well what are your thoughts
what do you think is gonna happen by my
calculation is it's actually gonna hit
at a 45 degree angle on this and
angle hi guys so it's time to wrap up
this vlog hope you guys enjoy this flag
if you did make sure you guys give us
like a thumbs up and go Turkey thank you
guys for all the love and support on our
ACA daily vlogs it truly means a lot to
everybody who always gives on vlog as it
thumbs up even before you guys even
watch the whole thing and it means the
world to us that we can bring up your
days I didn't even get to see Rima today
cuz I left early from my house and I
came late and she was sleeping by will
vlog ur tomorrow and tomorrow's vlog
will be a vlog slash friend so leave a
comment below on what do you want us to
rant on I was thinking um arranged
marriage you guys want to know you know
our opinions on it you know comment
below what do you want to rant on and
whatever whichever gets the most
comments or the one that will be
something cool I don't know we'll do it
so hope you guys have a great day a
great night wherever you're from I'm
gonna have to sleep I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace
