hey guys what's up right now I'm walking
alone I'm all lonely whenever I vlog
alone I feel awkward I don't know why
people look at me and I'm alone phone
with like shake or slimmer somebody or
my one of my friends I'm like I feel
normal because I'm with somebody and I
don't feel awkward like that I was just
walking mice all these people who
spotted me they were in the car and it
was a red light
they were like Adam and I turned around
and I saw this kid and skills like
freaking out so shout-out to you for
watching this to me in my day I just
woke up earlier and when I seen you you
like woke me up and made me feel so
happy because you were smiling and you
were so happy so shout out to and if
you're watching this I love you happy
I'm heading to the meeting right now I
really hope I'm not late I want to get
there before shake because whenever
shake is said before me he always like
rubs it in my face oh you're always late
oh you always this that so let's see if
I'm gonna be there before him or not go
so I wanna do this alone I don't care
know someone
wanna make friends hey maybe one of your
friends whoa you wanna be friends
you wanna be friends I see you sir I'll
make some more Prancer get me sir
you wanna be friends do you want to be
friends huh
you wanna be friends I need some money
give me you challenge my older brother
Brahim and to my nephew Jamel it is our
birthdays today so happy happy birthday
to you guys I can watch this i'ma go
upstairs right now and if family if
shake is there first
they're all kind of like rub it on my
face ago while you lay oh man Adam what
aah
are they here before me yeah I don't
what's your name huh Yousef are you so
shy you asked about me what you would do
it welp I'm easy
how dragon Helen okay if I see you
that's what I see when you join us bro
no I was gonna join my snack bro you
guys came before me what what she wait
for a while as I'm here shaking before
me as always as always with me as always
I'm always before you know you're not
always okay hookah always comes early
near thank you - OH - another DC okay
he's my friend though he's my do you
like better music she's very good I
thought I am music
you know you don't have to sense them
you could tell me now so it's okay I
don't want you going through in the rain
so all right okay cool cool Shane I'm
gonna get your brother's number and
we're gonna one day we're gonna hang out
imma bring Hamza I'll bring Reema few it
okay all right cool how do you seven
happens is like he's like eight so he's
like the same age as you so you guys
gonna get along
wait he's nine he's nine he's not
hesitate had been a bachelor Vegas
you said you said how old are you if we
always go to the handsome man oh you
always go around to the handsome I said
it is well technically it is in New York
City there's five boroughs in New York
Manhattan Brooklyn Queens the Bronx
stand up good job right now we're in
Queens consider meeting I'm hanging out
with the homie winger nice although this
kid is the coolest kid I have more fun
with him than I have with chicken slim
soul talks easy shape if you're watching
this Adam is cooler say that
Oh take it you're a snake thank you tell
them how much I'll give you little horn
or soft so right now at the meeting
we're taking notes because usually when
we use our laptop we always get stuck on
Twitter and Facebook and stuff so we
have to go old-school
Rosella school yeah we're gonna take
notes and stuff in our rehearsals and
meetings and we're almost done I promise
you guys almost almost done thank you
guys for your patience and inshallah
everything will go great this what we're
doing this is over here so this is
actually inshallah the second to last
meeting further for the rehearsals so we
have one more group meeting left and
we're gonna finish our stage performance
and we're gonna know what to do and that
future meeting is gonna be on the movie
and the TV shows and the tours and
everything so the child life thing goes
great we're so excited we're so high up
a lot of you have been asking what do we
do on our stage performances stuff but a
majority of it we can't tell you guys
what specifically we do but a majority
of it conscious its skin see a comedy
skits oh and there's not there's not
that much you know at the same as our
communities out there that do skits and
like I'm standing there's two of us yeah
so now all the fun improv double the
trouble so you know it's mainly comedy
skits and a storytelling and a little
bit of stand-up so oh and inspirational
thoughts Oh doing this no it's working
on stage and nothing like that nothing
involved with doing anything like that
so you guys come through you can bring
your families you can bring little
brothers and sisters that'll be fun
you're bringing your aunties and uncles
you could bring everyone and we also
given out we also give us up when we
performs yeah we give out like
wristbands
sometimes you'll not take off my shirt
we are now live in the middle of a
meeting
witnesses say okay knowing this is but
yeah where are you sitting right now and
yeah just a couple of we have this a
little bit to go and
tell you guys something about this
Sunday so yeah let's get it going hey
where's your pen hit the mark didn't
work I just wanna have a pin here yeah I
think it fell uh something fall to plug
the trigger
so you sold another I don't know what's
up what I had a pen your wall up look
for it just getting them I don't have it
do you see me look prisoner
look for whole life it was right here
what did you see me take put the camera
down
did he see me sitting oh boy I swear I
saw it was here with my hand even I know
I likes me I knew yet it was one oh you
want me I don't know you see me do it
but I put it when you talk you see what
they do is we're in the middle of
meeting and they start walking I was
working out they love you guys
oh I love our meeting what's it apply
this stuff Aunt Emma I got shots if you
guys want to follow me
and we're gonna tell you guys about
what's gonna happen this Sunday so
here in America we take advantage of
water while brushing my teeth with let
the water run while we wash dishes while
we cook while we do something in the
sink we let the whole winter run because
we have it easy we have water that we
can waste and that we don't do we care
about not only in America there's a lot
of UK Australia the babies and we have
it easy for us I know some of you guys
have a need these too but what we don't
know in other countries they have a
heart especially in Syria they have to
walk the woman especially we have to
walk from the village to the city which
is miles and miles away just to get
clean water to drink and the reason why
I'm saying this is because Islamic
Relief has invited true story a si me
and shape to do a walk through water in
New Jersey this Sunday April 13th we're
gonna walk the same amount of distance
that the woman have to walk to get clean
water from their village all the way to
the city so we're gonna have to go
through that tool and this is gonna help
raise money so Islamic belief can raise
money and get more clean water for the
people in Syria anyone's you guys to
come workers in New York New Jersey
Pennsylvania or the tri-state area that
can make it in New Jersey this Sunday to
come through and show a lot of support
and you guys would watch us to starting
say you guys can come to meet us walk
with us it's at 9:00 around I think 9:00
a.m. well I'm gonna have to break my
today because usually I wake up like
4:00 or 5:00 p.m. so you're gonna see
any like sleepy animal but it's ok you
guys are probably gonna wake me up I'm
pretty sure you guys aren't gonna wake
me up and it's gonna be a cool live
with us hanging out with us walking and
it'll be for a good cause and I can't
wait to see you all there all the
information will be the link down below
the weather will be good for Sunday so
hope you guys all can make it if you ask
me to come through we will take some
picture that you guys will take selfies
have fun you know it's gonna be like a
long walk by things from like 9 to 12 so
we have a lot you know it shows you guys
I don't want to tank out with us come to
you to bring all family brothers and
sisters that are more than welcome to
and so remember team a sa do beginning
Islamic Relief walks water
Sunday 9:00 a.m. information will be
below April 13th
hopefully we'll see you there and with
the train life's to us like that like it
just comes to them to think hey yeah but
look at this view looks amazing this is
the Queen's going to Manhattan
this will be amazing slap you live here
and you have a window look at the window
and it's just like this like oh she like
has a scarf thinks he's in volume who do
you think you is homie Salman Khan
this is the real background it's not a
fake back on
mr. Grammy 4:52 a.m. and Rima woke me up
because she wants to watch Spongebob
I mean who would knocked out I don't
know what she woke up things bunny bus
so I have to wake up and put on
spongebob
only you Rema Rema she's so grumpy when
she's up
Rema Rema
was 5 a.m. yeah hi
why is in China's 5 a.m. I just slept
literally I just slept literally an hour
ago and I only got one hour of sleep
Rima has been sleeping her off from home
for the past six hours and sometimes she
doesn't like sleeping in the other room
she wants to sleep with me so me and her
be having slumber parties and they kind
of had a little party you're watching
the movie spider-man part 1 she fell
asleep on it
and then I edited the vlog and
everything and now she woke up and she
wants to watch Spongebob she want that
she's forcing me to watch it with her
but when I'm watching spider-man with
her she doesn't want to watch it with me
she wants to go to sleep like girl who
you thinking is you think you will
princess hmm do you think you okay huh
you okay
she likes gonna pill there okay bro I
love you say I love you too but I got to
tell you to say I love you too why can't
you just stay on mine the way mmm
so grumpy she never was I knew at least
a five three-month you won't leave me
hanging
hi guys give me five you see the
different pursue dream on when she wakes
up and Remo after a few hours after she
wakes up she's always so hyper now she's
never like no I said bye i'ma watch
Spongebob with her and go back to sleep
so I'll see you guys hi guys it was time
to wrap up this blog hope you guys all
enjoyed this vlog if you did make sure
you guys vlog it thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys for always showing love
with a thumbs up and it truly means a
lot that you guys do enjoy a say daily
vlogs or skits or rants or whatever we
have on this channel we are gonna be
filming a main Channel video tomorrow
so when keep you guys updated on that
this Sunday April 13th we will be in New
Jersey so if you guys are near the area
please try to make it and come through
it's gonna be really really fun and we
can't wait to see you guys all the
information will be down below so see
you guys tomorrow take care and peace
