right now we just went up so many stuffs
here in France
we're like literally on top of something
that we can see the whole Paris the
whole France and it looks beautiful I
don't know what it's called something in
French I cannot pronounce it but it
sounds pretty cool and I'm sure you guys
it right now you can see the Eiffel
Tower from here so far so far away and
like you can see all these locks if you
have like dates on it let's see what it
says Phil and Anne handedly locked in
love since the 4th August on so sweet
there's a
Rico and doing this I don't know
so this house is here people live here
this is literally on top of a mountain
so I justify this form to Adamson Yama
because I'm going to be doing the belly
dancing in Paris here so let's see how
this goes I need a couple places to do
that so let's see how this goes people
look and I'm like yeah see what's all
the all the buildings are white I don't
see no color building but it's pretty
beautiful this is the hell up
what is it called hey hey guess what
snack cake get sassy lips off no I said
it wrongly as it looks beautiful
so I just completed some of the belly
dancing in Paris to stuff them in a zoo
Oh
Oh
the works
the hood out of my life I'll go so is
get over so I'm here with ml and Salwa
my homies T may say we're here I don't
know how to see that guys but it's an
amusement park and we just I just went
on the craziest ride I'm a little scared
yeah why when I'm someone who's so scary
oh my god
it felt like I was falling off the
building alright so the craziest fight
just happen if anybody's young and can't
watch a fight or anything please shut
this off and or skip some part but if
you guys want to see the fight I'm here
it is but if you're not you're under 18
you probably still I don't watch it the
fight is here
all fights breaking out
oh no shadow oh my god what's going on
why do you not
oh my god
okay right I wanted to wonder will this
the only right Emma will go on because
she she not brave enough to go into
daylight so she's gonna go on this one
manager going on this one so that's
still kind of scary cuz it's really high
and we're still not high up yet but look
say I don't know that was a lie
you see the Eiffel Tower from yard line
this is random cool payment here in the
middle Paris and it looks really nice
right the lights go up and then it goes
here cyfle tower lights going on it's
the first rule in our some of the train
in Paris there's no driver here it goes
by itself that's really scary
this stop is called Red Bull zeros well
they got it in Arabic is a huge
shout-out to Emmett and send what he
jack me off in the train so I can get
home safe but you guys didn't have to so
thank you guys so much and yeah thank
you for showing around Paris
I fine okay hi guys it's time to wrap up
this blog hope you all enjoy its flag if
you did make sure you guys gives like a
thumbs up and go turkey you guys still
didn't get five thousand thumbs up and
the other Germany like to do the belly
dancing in Paris so I will not release
the belly dancing in Paris on my
Instagram it so you guys get five
thousand thumbs up on this vlog then
this is a new challenge for you guys you
guys get five thousand times up on this
vlog I will put um the belly dancing in
Paris up and if you guys do get five
thousand the other one can also put it
up so make sure you guys give a thumbs
up and go turkey I'll see you guys
tomorrow have one more day in Paris and
yeah gonna miss it so much
one last day in Paris and I'm back to
New York so hope you guys enjoy this
blog I'll see you tomorrow with another
ace a daily vlogs take care and pitch I
love you so much
member
