hey guys I've just got here to Germany
with the homie kung-fu Moksa what's up
hey what's up what's up you know what I
call for mo mashallah he's a black
belt and kungfu you guys may think he's
not he's not that big at all but he's
the real deal you know I'm saying didn't
we're in Berlin I know you guys were
saying go to d√ºsseldorf I don't how to
pronounce it really want to go there so
bad but we decided to go to Berlin for
like a day or two and after that we
might go to Poland and then after that
we're gonna go to Pere unfortunately we
can't do a meet-and-greet here because
shakey ended up going back to New York
with his family and I'm still here in
Europe for another week
and I put on my driven New Jersey just
cuz you know I don't know I just want to
put it on because they want to feel like
an American seriously never in a million
years I thought you going to Germany
Amsterdam London all around the world
actually I say thank you a lot for
everything for making this all happen
thank you off always be by my side and
have my back and just shown a lot of
love and support truly means the world
without you guys I wouldn't be traveling
the world and so we're trying to turn
this car on but in Germany I think is
kind of different the cars are like I
don't know this is the key look like
this and it goes in like that look then
you press Start doesn't want to start a
swim demondo that's good it into it so
this did fortune upon your Lord and CEO
ninja geek in the social radio stations
across party that surprisingly
lopped fare cut antiqued chooses two
eyes or typically it runs ecco this
english we used to figure sounds like a
german love song so let's sing to this
it's time
new Christianity courses do that cuz
climate so me what'd you say soft Mike
it's called mini Berlin
something cooler Carla
Oh Oh my daughter car oh my god Oh
looks like a car got here you lived in
Germany yeah
ah nice to meet you you're the first
person from Germany that I mean I would
like how do you say how are you in
German heavy goodsoon huh
hey V gets dim heavy gets it I think I
need a DS liebe dich deposition no no no
you don't love me because you're not a
gay person I'm when you said to Mum I
love you like a friend I look like
Freddie yeah she's happy to sleep hopped
asleep wish up the scam good let me um
he said to to a guy you up the scam
yeah that's cool but I love you 110 is
fun because every German personal thank
you again
Oh
this is American I'm asked all America
to pull the brush really but yeah that's
why is there Americans here yeah there
was used to be the like Americans in one
side Russians in one side another side
is the Soviet Union listen to some
German a Hello whose army
I look at America
yeah
putting up the gas here and the euros I
don't know somehow everything is much
more expensive here than what it is in
America
yeah right here chillin oh that car is
sick the cars really like
you have the coolest car in Germany got
the coolest car trim how do you say um
how do you say
I like in German
when I son
Germany represented song I got free
drinks because I had a dream dude I see
see about wearing this Drizzy I got free
drinks from this guy because I was
represented Germany but he no I was in
German I'm trying to pretend to be
German so now I'll get into trouble or
anything so if somebody tries to like
beat me up for some time we'll chill
jump German
where is the
where is
you
just got to where recently gris-gris oh
nice I want to go to Greece beautiful
that this can you take me with you
no right now we're in Hannover
I don't know which one is cool which
anything's better hand over Burma I love
a panel I don't know the Hanover looks
they both good the Hanover looks much
more like I'm there's more people with
head over I like that better kind of
Noah but we said there was a picture
yesterday is it answers the best cuz
he's probably this is the first ever
Dunkin Donuts that I spotted in Europe
enormous here I'm lost
hey I'm lost I need to go back to New
York
I need to go back to New York week
helped me out I just saw the most
beautiful ladies here in Hannover
Germany about to go chatter hey ladies
you guys looking beautiful hi how you
doing um I just want to say that you
guys are beautiful and I love I don't
good
so depressed why you gotta be so rude
don't you know I'm German
- oh this is New Yorker yeah
is what the thing you're good look this
how I think New York is about
awesome
I'm a translate that to anybody knows
German you tell me if I'm right or wrong
all right it says seven hi I don't thank
you Anna
yeah I don't care take a picture yeah I
guess that's what I'm trying to do it
I'm trying to do it um seven hours love
I love it
seven hours love Jun Jie I'm at seven
hours of loving the glass seven hours of
loving glass with Hanover that's why I
think he's out in fact I think it's mad
right now somebody Brendon I'm Chen che
what's up hi Xena everybody's scared I
mean it's like every five look at a
selection mini separate yeah yeah you
got a big step
I'm gonna love them huh thankful whoa
show us a move killer this is gray
surface of this is all here in the
Netherlands pretty cool scene is that
what's up so cute
I'm gonna have them handy now I'm Dylan
ice this guy who's still with me July
and he'll yeah don't let me see Adam do
something a strict animal hi guys it's
time to wrap up this vlog hope you all
enjoyed this vlog if you did make sure
you guys give like a thumbs up and go
turkey this flag gets over 5000 thumbs
up I'll be doing a belly dancing in
Paris so if you guys wanna do a belly
dancing in Paris make sure you guys give
like a thumbs up I feel so sad because I
went to Germany I didn't get to meet you
guys or do a meet and greet but I
couldn't do one because shake isn't with
me he's a New York brand out the family
I've just been here just to hang out and
see how Germany is I promise you guys
the next time we'll be in Germany will
be having a meeting great we'll be doing
shows and yeah we haven't a lot to come
so stay on the lookout for that thank
you guys all for the love and support we
are gonna have a main Channel video
really soon and I'll keep saying that
but once I'm back in New York I can
finally upload it with really fast Wi-Fi
and edit it and everything so yeah
hopefully all are excited for that so
you guys tomorrow
in Poland take care and peace allow you
member
