hey guys what's up right now about to go
meet up with slim shakes head he's
running a little late and being slim or
going to decide to go with the little
april fools prey so let's see what can
we do it's in I don't know if we can
prank you're just tricking with
something real quick solution how this
go right now meet the homie slim oh
you're so sweet so much like giving out
free lies camera it surely means a lot
and just because he gave me a few guys
camera latte make sure you guys go
subscribe to his channel
his link is down below and show a lot of
love slim it's a really funny guy he's
naturally funny and he's naturally sexy
- thug let me see what oh hello I so
right now we're gonna April Fool Khalid
his brother he's gonna he's gonna I'm
gonna talk to him on the phone and wait
right now is covered is home Zola may I
so I'm gonna pretend that slim got
arrested for hopping the Train it
doesn't happen before iris proper train
so as to be like more believable you
know so I'll say this time I guess phone
imma say and I'ma see how goat will not
like a laugh it up there's a sound
serious like doing
until my game you have my phone call it
yo call it yeah hey yo this is Adam yo
didn't hello
yeah you do do you have like Slim's idea
or something because he just got
arrested for hopping the Train the other
side me oh you have like his ID or
anything cuz he's like he's nothing
Manhattan check anywhere cuz like we
need an order for the ID yeah well I'm a
57 Street meeting him but he just took
him right up but he told me he told me
to guess for huh don't always what I
don't know where does he's in here they
love they were like grabbing and hitting
in the Sun your mascara see cause like
he had a fight with big fight the cops
and everything check in the bathroom I
can't order something kinda what the
cops gonna do they need like the number
for the ID itself so you think he should
pretend to be you like just give me your
ID yeah hi squad shitty pretend to be
you I don't I don't know if it gets in
trouble but oh my gosh yo he's I don't
know he's gonna do cuz they charged him
with like mad like one felony like he
hit him big-time like he hit him I don't
know why cuz the guy grabbed and he just
hit him my god
in it I have no clue you ran out I love
you Carla I love you hi dad you say look
at the toilet sighs look at the toilet
yo
I'm sorry to scare you or whatever you
was doing my lab we buy a used to take
yeah he's it does many good guys guess
what I got a new car
it's crazy to go
my new baby guys okay
mr. got my keys
I don't know but in New York like Park
Avenue they make these cool artistic
like statues and stuff
what is this opposed to be what is
supposed to be the waters for the boxing
each other and Alice Aycock while sing
until dawn s awesome
Park Avenue
a balloon for the hood april fools
April Fool
Oh your lipstick stay on the front row
of my camper I know you would have kept
me today if you want to ask a lady out
you can ask her out and if she says no
you could just be like oh I was just
doing
April Fool's you know if she says yeah
then have fun would you go of me no okay
II think I'm gonna do that excuse me
Jemaine
everything was under zoning paper from
others kids
some bigger things we go I love Mandy
huh
you know you know I don't know
instrument
novice here yes you do their Facebook
she's a federal prison what she needs
more quickly Adam
million dollars man
come on please everybody is always on
their phone like what somebody's on
their phone or somebody's somebody's
talking on the phone somebody's texting
somebody's in Manhattan racing this
brainwash bro
crazy man like yeah like I mean we don't
have our phones we have just a black
Cameron where we're trying to show the
world of our generation imagine the next
generation watching this generation
excuse me can I see a question I want to
ask for your daughter's hand in marriage
yes
yeah
I'm gonna joke what's this for we just
like it
have you ever watched juice or anything
true story I think
we do like also strictly on YouTube yeah
the circulator but we are we're going to
have our own TV show or and we're going
to be featured in the movie so yeah I'm
a musician so everything like in the
acoustic
story oh yeah as you guys can see we've
been hanging off me system as me off for
a while
look it's not a solid star Ghassan and
guess who's still not here shake guess
who decided to show up baby songs right
Hajduk sitter traffic in the streets
more shades as you're achieving
something right
getting bigger I Love You Man oh I love
ya that's it what I just want to give a
shout out to um Adam for what he said
yesterday in the black Oh like watch off
oh damn I can say damn man you ruin a
moment it's all good man so go slow go
other side a big shout out to Adam
because honestly I've been getting him
having getting a lot of heat lately for
no reason but Adam was bitch like maybe
smile and he's always there to be
pushing me to keep going more toward so
I just want to thank Adam Can I grab you
by that oh sorry I'll get into someone
no oh yeah even though I get Mattern
like a lot of time he makes me mad all
the time but me and him were completed
in person he's a crazy guy how much
higher but that's how we connect no
attack but like a puzzle piece and I
don't you get too close to me shit
you know what we're like a puzzle piece
and I always got your back no matter
what it don't let the him I got him
anybody I'm willing to give up my life
around any day come on
Oh take him out to Bahamas in it you
order enough and I'll see smoke I love
this kid well like he's like this guy's
amazing guy he's always there for you no
matter what so I love you didn't you
push it oh it's gonna bite you
Lucianne Oh hot you run Oh
yo stop don't break it don't break it oh
please
hey hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you guys all enjoyed this flag
if you did make sure you get black
thumbs up and don't Turkey thank you
guys for the love and support we are
filming a new video this one's gonna be
a funny crazy one and I can't wait for
you all to watch it we will let you guys
know when it will be out and I just
wanted to say thank you to all of you
who have been making lots and lots of
fan accounts on Twitter Instagram
Facebook and just seeing it everywhere
it just truly means a lot you guys
support a lot and you guys are really
really dedicated and you guys do not
know how much it means to me shake we
feel so blessed seeing how hard and how
dedicated and how you know passionate
you guys are and it's just beautiful you
guys are beautiful amazing people so
thank you guys from the bottom of my
heart I can't wait for you all to see
what we have to come soon we'll see you
guys tomorrow with another as8 daily
vlogs take care and peace
