hey guys right now we're trying to stop
taxi because we need a head to the
airport we're going to London no taxi
want to stop for us so screw you New
York
I'm stick in New York I want to leave
this place I want to go to Europe
I wouldn't be surprised if we came back
with like an accent
this is our luggage II this is all of my
luggage right there no no these are mine
these three are mine and this is just
shakes shake how can you just bring one
luggage when we're going on a two-week
get your gear trip I'm literally 30
minutes we've been like this no text
yeah Shauna taxi stopped like an hour
finally got a cab taxi stop her I'm so
scared for a late man I want to be
leaving 6:30 times that flight 9:30
we're good with it Str knows not because
it takes like an hour dfd what good
don't you know I hope it doesn't happen
you know how in Canada we have to stay
24 hours yeah what kind of a happy let's
go we got this yeah
taxi New York piece on your page and we
are finally at the airport you got us up
ready all right ready for London radio
Birmingham ready for answer there yeah
ready for many more places we might go
to - oh yeah we might go to more cities
a surprise so yeah stay tuned
oh the shake is gonna go put on free
cologne look for the good one look at
all
oh is that men that's not - I'm on it
ladies just ladies ok smells good
this lady it's perfume good men corn you
make spoons together this thing
oh my god just cochlea food he shot out
for duty-free for making a Caesar freak
alone London we are here
to break UK lawsuit face imprisonment
robot oh my god
immigrants here
Lygia whatever
so we are here in London baby I'm so
excited it's 6:00 a.m. you're in New
York but it's like 10 10 11 a.m. here
well so am i some beautiful ladies here
at the airport yeah I don't know how
they know we're here
she we are they're so sweet within the
first people we met here in London so
shout out to thank you all so much for
coming you guys so amazing and my homie
right here
give me shirt give me a shirt not a big
hug thank you so much maybe show you
what is the Coffman it's a pinch
it's a London bus to make sure the
London custome sure so he shadow to him
baby so my London Center thank you so
much man a big Oh lovely - so cool Paris
I know gonna get annoyed with that one
actually we are now in London
this is called the National Museum shake
one out to go with his family so I'm
here put up just a homie from the white
magic shows up
oh oh it's almost like somebody random
when I fight with my officers first
first victim London boost up how you
doing really all right Massachusetts
that's you tomorrow Oh Mary you guys
American yeah I'll miss you guys net
because their merit now American yeah
cuz I came to we came to London just to
visit interview from you okay yeah yeah
trying to try to bother some UK be my
first victim from UK goes up I don't my
first person from the UK that I meet can
you talk to me no flap come on yeah
car sick
Oh
okay mr. Shah gosh so then I don't get
on another
sigh
you
I'm not buddies buildings just look
really really smear so it's work swears
Smirnoff all right about the Smurfs the
blue one this the hotel we're staying
that they just have like these crazy
cars that people stay in likely this
Creed this is it this car like all these
cars apart I'm not just hopping one of
them like a it's a second so it's
literally like 2 a.m. right now in the
morning chick went out with his family
I'm out here alone London alone I'm
gonna get lost if I get lost I'll just
tweet you guys and receive oh yeah so we
decided we'll make a video like this
we're gonna do a dare video you know we
did their video in New York we're gonna
do a dare video in London
comment below a lotta dares or tweet us
a lot of dare they wanted to do in
London
and we're gonna do some there's some
crazy there is hopefully we do not get
in trouble should be fun because it's
gonna look really different gonna be in
the UK and let's see how this goes
there's no food spots you're open
what is it
Oh
very lucky
DC I don't put the Donna Donna where's
that I'll put it huh it's my daily my
daily life I'm recording my daily life
wait see what up hi come on be nice man
Gyan hug it in hug it in Rose no I'll
get in brother look I'll get in common
both admit I know the hood but it's not
allowed to scream in the shop no I'm
sorry charity shop okay I'm sorry
thank you my man help me up Thank You
Man thank my light not off you know in
the short walk I can't love it you don't
pick English please all right you're
right and I am can you all miss bikini
yes
huh what's wrong can you give me talk
back in talk huh I can talk talk like
give me tell me something what do you
want - what do you want to be the same
huh what do you only say anything just
talk how you doing mate I'm doing good
you are you doing it I'm doing great how
you doing I'm good man
what are you doing tonight
done so far tell me New York how are you
saying where you staying I'm staying
over the high school how long you stay
in London
five sixty and then going back to states
not that I'm going to answer them
yeah you what do you do while I'm
studying in London studying London my so
but I'm studying in London at the moment
I'll be working London like three two
months that nice nice machine is closed
great great nice to meet you nice to
because me like we do hugs we do hug hot
dogs in your nice man you're very nice
English yeah nice to meet you tense too
easy
thank you so much sure yeah you Tim
thank you thank you I just wanted to
hear your your accidents it's it's
that's wrong what's wrong my accident
say say thumbs up thumbs up thumbs up
how do you say it's idiot thumbs up
thumbs up thumbs up yeah I don't have
them on the necks in me either
yeah yeah yes you do this cool it's
gonna you should stay in school it's
good no yes yeah yeah yeah yeah anyway
enjoy London else are your camera thank
you so much thing and take care take
care enjoy Amsterdam I will eat some
cake I will man I'm slowing oh he's
almost my dad no it's okay I see some
thumb gone
it was really really nice I just wish
happened to some food we're gonna eat I
got a lot of food cuz I'm hungry I
forgot where I'm saying that
Oh statement and so remember guys leave
in the comments below what dares you
guys want us to do for the video in
London it is going to be crazy and the
media Green London will be at Hyde Park
Sunday 3 p.m.
August 3rd at the entrance of the marble
arc station what you see in this vlog is
where you're going to be seeing for the
next couple days a lot of crazy blogs in
London we're bringing the TAS a
craziness here in London hopefully we do
not get in trouble so see you guys
sounds rather flag hope you're all
enjoying the day Joe any time I got no
sleep I'm gonna go eat to sleep makes
you guys go like thumbs up and go Turkey
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I love you
member
