summer vacation is right there just
going to tack them ready
anyway book is mine oh yeah
wrong right now we're with the whole
team of certification split up we got
here yeah just on the video
who is it gonna be up your letter
Thursday right it should be a busy you
know if you're gonna get tomorrow so Oh
Karma's Beach yes yes sir
you scared me out of here they do be
there should be out Thursday so make
sure you guys go check it out I'm
looking forward to it all hands on sonic
that what once cameras on the blue the
handsome is gonna happen I'm here what's
up guys What's Up B where Adam Sally is
on the loop you go here are these scarce
a balloon guys he's scared of a balloon
obviously
so like it's gay look up are you are you
bump those gunshots this is we're about
to have some lunch first right now at a
spot called Green Cafe whispah Greek
epic this is called first time going to
boot cafe yeah so she's bigger yeah
she's very shitty I'm sorry to say
because huh I got some pasta and
meatballs man you know because when it
comes to green cap facing yourself
what's up
I can see why do you stick the vinegar
as a mess though so I got me a
strawberry milk with some pasta and
meatballs and a Reese's cupcake I don't
know why that guy said your middle
finger I mean they're really nice here
and they make food but I don't know why
that guy's mean I don't like to say that
they're bad place it is a nice place for
that guy just a bad person for doing
that so don't tell them interview why do
the guys stick the middle finger on me
twice it is voice why I told the mice
lose guys funny oh there he goes in
why'd he do it I'm never a smiley face
seriously how does it go Alex matches
who is unexpected I'm like I'm telling
and Adams promoting it and I just I'm I
ever wash away so often you should want
me in dollars
you want a latter-day hey the funny
thing is whenever say comes here just
cause different bug left he always gets
a discount like 40 50 percent discount
he sees that I'm with Sheikh he never
gives me this cow big egos shaky this
cow that's kind of messed up like we're
both you know we're both together it's
because we support the same party that's
why so what the heck I'm with you that's
my stuff so last time you know what I
did
hey so last time I gave my food shake
and he bought put us together so we
could get a discount the anyways so
watching the voice and eating some
luncheon so Oh shake you should go on
the voice oh yeah that's not allowed to
go in the back oh you guys are gonna get
in trouble
be active oh so that'll be a oh oh oh
sorry I see we got one direction up here
another
nananana baby you light up my world like
nobody else the way that you flip your
you know you wouldn't be so I can see
you understand why I want you so
desperately I love looking at you and i
can't believe you don't know oh oh great
guys in donations on a single bus one
the neck gonna Grand Central 42nd Street
okay I got you to the best song ever
thank you guys so much for watching hope
you guys enjoyed it make sure you guys
give this locket thumbs up yeah we will
we will rock you got right on your face
you made this place um all of you know
let's just shake we
we were like you
- sir
oh girl
we're all free and cut back you're all
sweet take care
okay give me a kiss
ah say yay Wow
Instagram video yeah Danya confer upon
down low too slow too slow you fell
give me five please message me hmm
mid even watch ring Barney why do you
want always watch Barney
no okay go like this one we miss having
inner guard Reema we're gonna act it out
like this the mothers going to come in
stop the mother's going to come in we're
going to be confused and you go like
this okay okay
cuddling time yeah thumbs up for you to
do this when you're younger thumbs up
you do when you're younger you should
think that this is a tense like this oh
my god where did to my hat this is my
hat you gonna steal my heart huh gonna
fight so right yeah huh alright so we
just got done with her answering our
video it was a nice Instagram video
because Mihrimah got to cuddle and hang
out right what are you doing your
muscles I'll split some my muscles
irelia Nishiki swats flexing it to
yourself let me see muscle pain oh wow
let me see you've been working out
you've been hitting the gym you did how
was in the gym I think oh you wanna
fight oh oh oh okay okay oh you didn't
find me like that chill stop no no no no
no no no no no no friend
no no I said we missed you give them a
kiss you have you given me kisses so so
long oh oh that was the strong kiss that
was a nice kiss you got this all foggy
all right guys so it's time to wrap up
this flag hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog if you did enjoy this vlog give it
a thumbs up right now I'm at shakes
house I'm sleeping over his new house
the one that got burnt down and I helped
him out with the stuff and hamton love
he's finally getting back to the new
house he is now and it is looking great
masha'Allah so I'm proud for him he's
getting ready to bed the furniture
hasn't been in so we have to sleep on
the floor this is okay shake I don't
know better I have a mattress oh yeah
okay then we were sleeping it all the
way up I'm not gonna feel so great to
make you guys smile with our vlogs with
that daily vlogs every single day and it
just truly means a lot for you guys you
know commenting letting us know your
feedback and how how you enjoy and what
you do when you enjoy so thank you guys
so much and leave in the comments below
what country are you from and where do
you live on the comments below we want
to see how many people are around the
world watch our base a flag so yeah
thank you guys so much for the love and
support we almost make one year for the
a a daily vlogs which is just crazy we
can't believe you know 365 days blogs I
don't we missed a couple because we're
still we're still young you know like I
think we are being survivors the I think
we had the youngest daily vlogger so
it's pretty it's pretty crazy we still
20 years old and inshallah everything
goes out great thank you guys so much
we'll see you guys tomorrow and that's a
wrap
