hey guys what's up right now we're here
in Queens and it's SuperDuper cold and
it was just warm the other day but I was
like so cold I'm like shivering while
I'm vlogging and if you guys don't know
vlogging is a sport vlogging is like
it's a really good workout for your
shoulders over here so if you see like
Instagram pictures of meat shake why
like lots of muscles is cause of lag and
you know like that's why the Olympics
add this to their yeah add this to their
sports and stuff did you have a section
prayer blog the thing of it among we
just caught a thief in Dunkin Donuts he
was trying to steal uh boys Johnson hi
Steve he's trying to see like these
drinks and stuff and the workers they
were kind of busy in the front so they
couldn't see anything so me shake we
turn to like cops tell them story huh so
the guy he was like grilling at him for
like a good 10 20 minutes just making
sure that he's not look so then he went
to steal he took out the bottle and he
hid it somewhere we went to him we we
made him sell look we made us look like
cops we went up to him or like go
against the wall there and I don't know
he got master to go I'm sorry oh I'm
going seriously I thought he would be at
least a little bit a little tough
because he was like looking at me in a
way like this stuff like that and I
didn't like em I don't like this is a
good thing of each other and we're cops
so I felt like me shake we're like cops
alike Crime Stoppers is something
because I went up to him and I find that
really disrespectful like it's rude this
guy's seriously trying to steal in front
of everybody for that fun and people
people were looking at me was still
trying to do it the innocent people that
were walking in and out he kept cursing
him out and there's a little kid we got
some of our tape so we might put in a
black
all right so I new video is up if you
guys want to check it out the link will
be below thank God thank you all who
shared on Twitter on Facebook and just
showed a lot of love we can make we she
got my space my space okay whatever you
know thank you all who we gave the video
thumbs up and we're gonna make a change
step by step insha'Allah we want the
world to see what what the media doesn't
show and hopefully the media can show
what we showed you guys know what I mean
so much I lost a step by step we will
change them Ellen how you feel and
tonight my shoulder hurts when I do it
gosh playing a pool game throw it up and
we want to go bowling but they don't
want to leave so this was gonna happen
we won six times six not won twice three
times four times five times six times in
pool so it's tomorrow the devil don't
say ho you want six times lost you did
not win same thing we watch example
skills it was like we won it's okay you
know we're gonna kick your button
bowling all right so we'll go to bowling
then we're gonna we're gonna shut her
out anyway involving song if you watch
this game already no one for 300 Madrid
is a good team and Barcelona is a good
team through so leave it I don't know
see ya leave the comments below Severus
I could see Real Madrid Barcelona or the
I don't know mmm sucks in soccer is
Egypt good as I am at saw is playing for
Jersey
I don't know guys always know oh no no
right there I don't know what you got
sucking my bus I mean if I could show
you my wallet
what does it see the x-ray you know the
cars right yeah
you just close it and open it and now it
warns of it all right you one more thing
sorry I'll show you again I'm sorry good
first let me take this money right okay
this money and then open it up on the
other side let me show you a magic trick
I'm sure wait wait let me show them and
then you put the money in sometimes
young people are lazy close it like this
a nice loose right let me show you a
magic color hold it I'm gonna say magic
forget vanished
so about to go play some bowling right
now we're gonna stop a cab and this guy
he's rockin in Barcelona Jersey yeah all
over reppin which reppin images
look watch she's not gonna let us in
because were five people come on you
know what if one direction wants to stop
you
would you let one direction in the five
people okay we'll get it we'll go into a
bowling spot so hurry up going hurt her
we mean cream and everybody we count as
one be a little but storm I heard I'm a
hat person not a total miss fun Iowa we
go over going here Matteo
- amar so we couldn't go bowling because
of me they said they said that that we
have to be 21 years old older I never
know a place you have to be 21 to play
bowling with that and it's so dark it's
going to see you have to the symbolic it
balling
bowling all again - yeah open please we
win a bowl yeah we want a bowl can you
open the door is it open
I'll leave this at residence please I
don't want a booth I want a ball what
this is something new in New York you
can make music while you're waiting for
the tree hi
means that we go to
hey hey oh my god so it's time to wrap
up this vlog Jenna what I'm saying this
avoid a digital right here I'm part of a
new gang a dummy gang and bang dead gang
Chyna what it is can't be disrespecting
me like that reason why I wear this
because we can't smile with this on if I
try to smile look this gang is serious
so I can't be smiling like that you know
I'm saying no seriously I'm uh then you
got so much love and support in the new
video it truly means a lot seeing you
all sharing it and coming together as
one and helping us and I'll be giving
ten people shoutouts who retweeted it
and they are the first one is Miriam
underscore SS thank you so much Miriam
Miriam Neha thank you so much me how my
homey
my girl Griselda one three five to seven
I'm sorry if I'm saying any more
obligatory Zelda a Griselda Haram
Mahmoud thank you so much for the
retweet it truly means a lot
awesome girl 909 you're an awesome girl
for retweeting and helping us change the
world
Sarah Salim 92 thank you so much Sarah
Salim I like the name Sarah it crow
Nasim shout out to you it gonna seem for
retweeting and showing a lot of love
Roane bed thank you so much the one bed
you're an amazing supporter I always see
you in my mentions and it truly means a
lot and it's nice seeing your face
shout-out to Roya Mumtaz thank you so
much room to us I'll follow you on
twitter I just followed you I'm gonna
just read some more names just real fast
because I wanna give everybody a chance
to always get shot alright Anisha Islam
Ally official I'll leave red uh Jafar X
Oh make a Fatima rape are Fatemeh
him Hana baby Sam nafisa Sonya ham at 18
Khadija 17 Maria 3 d 4 Hana Hodge soya
Maria Mahmoud Adriana Gomez and thank
you all show a lot of love turn the
video if you guys haven't watched it the
link will be below we will be having
another new video next Sunday at 5 p.m.
Eastern Time
if the weather is good this week in New
York and we can get a chance to film so
hopefully it is nice weather but
supposedly hardest not to me gank
teammates say we'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care and be safe
