alright guys so before we get this flag
started I'm gonna be do pulling a prank
on shake this was gonna happen we're
gonna do the pass out challenge and i'ma
try my best for me to go first I'm
pretty sure he's not gonna want to go
first so I'll go first into the past
challenge and then I'll do it then I'll
pretend I completely passed out I'm not
gonna do the past I challenge I don't
think anyone should do the pass a
challenge because pretty stupid he's a
little right now in the meeting and he's
gonna come out a few and we're gonna do
this and I'm gonna see what he would do
if I would pass out
ladies and gentlemen hey guys what's up
we were at rehearsals right now actually
we're in break
well we brought we rehearse we have
break right now so we decided to do a
challenge we came up with what they need
to do a lot of challenges but you know
we can't we have this special one for
you everyone isn't that special pretty
crazy divinity and Eunice please stop it
it has its pros and cons this challenge
is like it's like what's the problem we
don't need we don't need any we don't
need any like food anything - it'll get
us messed up any like you don't have to
eat anything but the bad thing about it
is that you pass out but I don't know
how do we do this
we're risk taker that's what we are I'm
scary since nobody do it so one of the
reason why we're doing this Chinese
because today we need log a lot and we
had a meeting and rehearsals so we
decided to do a challenge and yeah we
had nothing we didn't have nothing to do
any other challenge we just have
ourselves so we're gonna do the pass out
challenge and engineer I don't know just
interesting I want to see what would
happen if if I'm to I know something
like oh my god you guys are so stupid
why nice doing this but you know it
doesn't hurt to try you know right cuz
you go by Yolo that's not no we don't i
know i this is the oven so uh yeah well
you go first and then I'll go first
you can everywhere it's not your good
friend to sign go first who's it on word
first I said yo yo who cares we don't
list you know you learn from please
first I know how about this let's play
rock paper where we went I will do my
personal see it goes first this is how
it goes you got to be him you got to be
on the closer floor and you have to
breathe like in and out for like ammonia
stay like 50 like straight a minute then
you have to stand up and like put your
thumb in your tongue in your mouth and
then you got to hold your breath for a
really long time really hard and that's
when that's when you pass out that's
when de funny funny thing he was far the
funny thing is I was going to make him
do it he does
what it was I was gonna make him do it
and film it but I didn't want to be
messed up like that I want to see him
passing out and I'm tricking them so
you're welcome you're welcome
oh are you so rock paper scissors best
Saturday right now okay
Rock Paper Scissors shoot there you go
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
are you lovely at the girlfriends Gary
you ready I'm ready I'm born with enjoy
your kind of nervous your us signed a
legal papers just because he'd be
happier than me saw something I hold I'm
Sam
Folsom that's gonna go Dory and when I
gotta take rich um oh yeah I'm kind of
nervous doing about blood this is easy
don't you guys can help me up yeah I got
you today
should you be behind me carry me
starting ready sail away I'm not ready
yet come on hurry up ready take malla
ready you ready you ready yes I'm ready
single you sure yes you sure going clay
apparent just in case can you just go
please okay ready yeah go
1 2 3 Oh yo you can't stop and don't try
to get something put it behind well I
guess I'm sort of a Barney
ready pockets are going to start again
we got thing behind me just in case okay
ready hopefully young so scared of this
time let's get this one right already
time when you're ready go go 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 passive 6 I mean 7 8 9 10 11
you look like a dog 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
17 18 19 20 21 22 23 faster 24 25 26 27
28 29 30
are you all right good
ready let's go I don't carry one tuition
you look good for a lady's purse ready
go 1 2
all right Oh Oh yo yo we're placing
mentality and I know what John oops I
forgot to say that I'm Andrews family
are getting pranked - so enjoy hey hey I
know how i'ma go window action brought
your brother water and one leg Oh jack
oh don't let go Jack Wow oh my god
yeah else in a joke man
it's a picture if he did but he does
have you soon as you can take pictures
I'm yeah it was a joke uh presently do
you never want to get up well you know
what that you don't look like that right
this I'm worried but what's happened
already well ambulance I what every not
what you don't fall and pretend to do we
do any people up - I'm not gonna really
do the pass you don't do a pass for guys
I really didn't faint like was just a
joke guys you have scared you got scared
you don't ever tell you we don't adjust
something I'm sorry I'm sorry no that's
forgive me
hi guys
we'll see you guys soon take care and
hi guys time to wrap up this vlog hope
has enjoyed this vlog before before we
get this black wrapping I just have some
announcements to say and one of them is
congrats to my homie Abdul Binaca for
getting signed to an platoon records
show him some teammates a love by liking
his Facebook fan page will be below and
it would truly mean a lot to him because
he is a rapper he's from the same
country as me from Yemen and he's
representing you know the Muslim
community and his lyrics are sick so
masha'Allah congrats to you i'm luben
OCH show him some teammates hey love let
him know another thing is a huge
shout-out to Momo
happy birthday Momo with someone who
watches our vlogs every single day and
today was his birthday so huge shout out
to you happy birthday to you if I could
sing I'll sing you a happy birthday song
stayfresh Momo hopefully I'll see you
soon we'll meet you sometime
maybe it'll be so maybe we'll be
surprised oh let me not say anything
she'll have many more years to come
you're an amazing person thank you so
much for the love and support and the
last thing is we have a new video on
Sunday at 5 p.m. Eastern Time and this
video can change the whole world or this
can be the video that'll that'll cause
world peace
that was our intentions for this video
we want this video to make a big effect
to this whole world and we want this
video to make world peace you never know
you know I mean I know it's just like a
video whatever but you never know this
this can cause world peace this is one
of the most amazing videos we've had
because we had I had my family which
only had Reema Sheikh had his brothers
and we did something with family related
outside something similar to a video we
did before but it's different we'll let
you guys know what the video title is
tomorrow on our Twitter Instagram and
Facebook so if you guys want below
follow us on there and you guys will
know it'll be up Sunday at 5 p.m.
eastern time so it'll truly mean a lot
if you guys can watch it share it give
it a thumbs up let's change the world
maybe this video will stop wars
inshaallah just I just I wanted to
change a lot of people's perspective and
I wanted to just create more peace in
this world then hlthe does that so we'll
see you guys on Sunday with a new vlog
in a new video at 5 p.m. Eastern Time
anybody who retweets our tweet of the
video we'll give you guys a shout outs
on vlog
we'll be given 10 people shoutouts on
the vlog and if you guys just want to
share it to show support and help world
peace and help me change the world
it'll truly mean a lot don't really mean
the world to us so we'll see you guys
Sunday with the hashtag ace a new video
see you then take care and peace
