hey guys what's up
I know you guys have ever looking at me
wondering why do I look like this but
I'm having a pretty bad day first world
problems but yeah other people out there
they have worse days that you came to
thing ups I have kind of a scratch over
here and I have like a cold sore over
there is just I didn't want to go
outside I was like I don't care laughter
vlog have to make a see daily blog so
yeah I have to meet up with shake and
slim but seems like they don't wanna
meet up so I'm mad at them right now
call them they're like oh no come here
I call them Megan oh no come there now
cause I'm an owner coming so imma wait
here I don't care I'm not gonna pick up
their calls I'm gonna just sit here and
do nothing because I'm mad I'm just so
mad and yeah they've been getting me so
pissed off gosh
I know it's doing I called the guys like
three times and you guys still didn't
want to meet up
are you guys are you guys for a dream
alright well go back to 3d because I'm
not gonna do any right now
go back to do a me cuz I'm a front-end
winery right yeah
I'm calling to enter with you were you
in shape
have fun walking the you to tell fun
are you guys that right now what you
guys are I take a walk back to Toys R Us
I'm back to us
well
shake on the phone
we're you guys that way all right now
well I take what I do every time go back
to it
take walk back
don't stay in the middle walk back Duane
Reade I'm gonna say that how am I being
messed up you got I was waiting for you
guys so I said look I called shake I was
like yo I'm here buddy you got something
on the meet up attack
they came to see me
so average we don't want to meet up with
me make me wait so long
who is that
hope those are gangsters and he beat
them up
Oya defense
all right so I just met up with these
Buddha's right now Wow yeah Wow
they're mad at me I'm mad at you you mad
at me and now you I met a both you guys
because he's called I'll call you called
I was a cure we're gonna meet up you
said coming from they told us then I
want photos or the common side I want
inside he's that come on nobody boy let
me finish then I went outside am i okay
what the hell is going on no one to play
games no one told you to go inside I
told you stay outside going you say
you're fine you say you buy something I
died I told you guys so we're buying
stay outside overcoming but we come to
thank you so much better camera I guess
it was it fun punishment please
Oh
hey Dina
what's up hi grumpy you okay levena huh
how you doing girl you doing good
learning how to walk let me how to walk
we must stop you know what are you doing
it's not football Oh
all right so I've been teaching Remo a
lot and let's test her teaching her like
where's your like where's your body
parts that's what it is so Reba you know
where's your nose where's your eye very
good where's your mouth no where's your
mouth bottom yeah where's your head very
good was your ear ear ah she's still
practicing but she's doing that ears
over here everyone right there yeah boys
you know do you know take your nose
taking those take your mouth don't think
of a real Nina wrong with you huh
you know quite mean hi guys so it's time
to wrap up this vlog hope you guys
enjoyed this flag if you guys did make
sure you guys give a thumbs up and go
Turkey and give a thumbs up if you hate
pimples on your lip or in your nose
that's why it hurts the most so yeah
thumbs up of pimples are annoying so
yeah don't leave yet because we had a
couple announcements that we're gonna
say
in this ending this is a vlog but first
I want to give a shout out that for the
people that retweeted the tweet of our
no video shout out for Hana for Rijo
thank you so much for taking the time
out of your life and pressing that
retweet button son
shout out to Halima AAS a team UK that
truly means a lot shout out to Marielle
Union I like your name Marielle Union is
very unique
shout out to Aisha Mahmoud you're
amazing thank you so much for the love
and support it truly means the world
mahat darwish she retweeted it thank you
so much to my head their wish shoutout
to X Oh Arisa
T thank you so much I Rita you're
amazing for pressing that retweet button
and for not being lazy you know I'm
saying you know what I'm saying
shadow table MC thank you so much
there is guys that you know show love
and show support and it does truly means
a lot and blood respects you guys cuz
you know shoutouts a habiba xo4
retweeting it
shoutout to Reena ahem as a I love your
profile pic Reena Hamid a shout-out to
madam I assumed my scene right
I asked sue thank you so much truly
means a lot shoutout to ml Jemma ml
Jemma a ml JAMA a ml JAMA a and shout
out to Nazim my man thank you so much to
everybody else who retweeted it and in
our next new video you have a chance to
get a shout out on the black if you
retweet it so thank you guys so much and
now let's continue with the news we had
and now with the first announcement is
that the movie that we're gonna be
featured in by directed by Omar Egan is
called American Sharia and the movie
poster is out so if you guys want to see
the movie poster it's right here right
here
super duper excited for this and I can't
wait for you all to watch it there's
gonna be a lot of amazing actors in
there this is going to be ba ba li mo
Regan Junaid
Junaid he's a really famous Pakistani
guy that's gonna be a native Dean there
was gonna be a freeway freeway he was a
he just converted to Islam and he's he's
to be well with with Roc Nation with
jay-z he had a lot of pictures with
jay-z
a lot he did a lot of things with jay-z
yes this past Sheikh Akbar and Adam
Messinger Saleh and many many more
amazing actors that are gonna be
featured in this film and it is gonna be
in theaters inshallah and you all can
watch it so everybody asking you all are
gonna get to watch it it will be out in
fall of 2014 our first movie that will
be featured in think'll you all and
think a long thing just I need I need a
better word and thank you like that
means much more than thank you there is
there is much more meaningful words and
thank you I would use that so yeah from
the bottom of heart thank you guys so
much and you guys are gonna go on one
crazy ride we're gonna update you guys
with vlogs every day we're gonna update
you guys with new videos and everything
and on Instagram and just you guys are
gonna be there with us inshaallah until
the movies out and it's so after that we
have many more movies and our TV shows
soon and show us so we'll see you guys
through this movie journey and yeah i'm
just so excited and you guys are doing
amazing job spreading the word and yeah
just keep up the support and we'll let
you guys know and keep you guys updated
with everything and another thing i want
to do all to know is that i've been
getting a lot of complaints from people
that in the comments below a lot of
people have been like I don't know mean
and a lot of you have been replying like
bad to the haters or like people have
been racist or saying negative things so
yeah I want to keep you know these
teammates say vlogs do media I want to
keep you all positive and I want to keep
you all I don't want it to be like I
want you guys to be reading negative
stuff in the comments below so everybody
right now
comment below something really positive
something really sweet about anyone or
about the world about anything just
anything really sweet comment below and
make the comments full with positivity
so and if you see anybody hating or if
we see anybody saying stupid nasty stuff
kill them with kindness I know you guys
want to have it back most of the time
just you know you can have her back by
have it back in a really nice way I
don't wanna you know I want us to be the
the bigger people I want us to show that
we're positive I want you all to be
positive in sha allah allah will do the
job karma will do the job so let them be
so thank you guys for that so yeah it'll
truly mean a lot if you guys keep
comments positive comment something
really positive below right now and yeah
I hope you guys are excited for the
movie and we are gonna be having a lot
of new videos soon and have a surprise
video real real soon involving Rima and
it won't be 15 seconds it'll be kind of
longer way longer than 15 seconds and it
won't be on Instagram it'll be on
YouTube and that's all I'm gonna say so
ho yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow thank
you guys for all the love and support in
the ACA daily vlogs the children means a
lot
teammates say to me Aang I'm excited
hope you guys all already and we'll see
you guys tomorrow take care and peace I
love you I love you like a love song
baby
yeah you
