hi what's up guys how you guys doing
today
so this vlog won't be a vlog I guess is
this supposed to be called the vlog
alright so this video whatever is gonna
be indoors here because something crazy
happened today one of the most scariest
things in my life happened today and I
couldn't get to go outside well I didn't
go outside for only like 30 minutes to
see shake and slim not for so long
because my parents didn't let me out
like that so let's get to the point and
talk about what happened today cuz what
happened today is something I mean
anybody can die any minute that's the
scary thing about life like your life
can be gone in less than a second that's
why people need to take religion
seriously they need to follow their
faith follow their religion and stay
strong and stay close to God if you know
what I mean so I'm gonna be honest with
you guys alright so yesterday I went to
sleep around 6:00 a.m. and fed then came
came up and you know how when it says a
salat on hate on minute Nome that means
you if you pray it's it's better than
sleeping so you pray instead of Steve I
was laying down in my bed well in my
mattress and I was like literally about
to knock out my eyes ready to knock out
I couldn't I couldn't feel it but I
heard that then and I heard I heard that
it's just a lot don't hate I'm gonna
know him so I felt so bad usually I
always get up and pray fetch it but then
I was like let me not pretty I'm too
tired I don't want to pray so I kind of
like put my ears like I held my god
Emily here I didn't want to feel bad I
guess they love forgive me for for that
and yeah I'm not perfect but I did do
that today though I want to sleep and
usually want to do that I get like
nightmares and stuff and when I don't
when I pray actually don't get any
nightmares or nothing sound like a baby
but it's all good so then I was sleeping
at 3 hours later around 9:30 I guess or
9:20 I just hear a huge explosion and
and the building I'm in the building
that I'm at here it literally like was
about the fall
I felt I felt it move I felt the boom I
was on my bed well my mattress and I
literally
fell off my mattress that's how that's
how much pressure I felt I fell down
then I woke up I was like wait this is
this is not a nightmare that I do we
have this is real life man I use so many
people screaming outside I hate my whole
family in the living room screaming
screaming my name and telling me come on
Adam get up then I just I'm in my boxers
I get up everybody's thinking that this
building that I'm in was like gonna
collapse and everybody else around they
heard that that that boom and that that
pressure and they thought their
buildings were closed so everybody the
only bed was leaving they were leaving
out their house and just running so when
I was looking at the window oh he sees
everybody running and then you see
across like not even that for like right
across the street you see a building
just gone and so much fire and then you
see the next building next to it unfired
the windows were cracking and then I put
on pants real quick cuz I had boxes I
put on pants real quick and I ran out
with my dad and my family and everybody
it was so scary I felt like the world's
ending I was outside always sees a bunch
of smoke everybody running literally
hundreds of people running this
explosion was so huge that people felt
it from who lived in Queens the Bronx
and I live in Manhattan so people felt
it from around that that's how huge it
was and you see I'm so paranoid right
now I feel I can't stop thinking about
what happened today so I feel like and I
couldn't go out today that much so I
feel like this is I have to tell you
guys my story you know
the news actually actually asked my
family leave they want to say the story
my dad didn't wanna do you didn't want
me to talk or nothing like that so I
decided I'll make a video then I'll be
your newscast but yeah as I was saying
we're running downstairs and while we
were running out right running away from
the scene people from around like around
that couldn't see what happened they
were trying to run towards the scene to
see what happened so hundreds hundreds
of people were running away and the
hundreds people from that didn't know
what happened running towards it
so it's like we like met up like we
collided and I thought I'm like what
that was this war I thought was the last
day of my life and I won't see life
anymore I was seriously I cared more
about my family know when we're running
we're running i run pretty fast my
brothers and sisters run pretty fast my
parents don't work fast they're all so
that's that's what got me so scared I
was little
the I was grabbing my dad and just
pushing him so he could run faster is
just it was just a crazy everybody
around was screaming oh my god there's a
bomb there's a bomb and then I felt like
like I don't know why I felt like you
know stereotyping on Muslims a
stereotype for terrorists or whatever
people screaming terrorist attack and
then I was the only Muslim there my mom
was a job my sister with her job so it
was really I felt like oh man like come
on baby I really hope this isn't like a
bomb or a terrorist attack or anything
like that but it was actually a gas leak
but still a gas leak and explosion
that's like the worst that that's the
worst that can happen that's because
same thing happened with Sheikh that's
how his house got burned down from gas
Reema was on the side just watching
Spongebob on an ipad laughing I'm like
no I was gonna miss you started crying
and she started laughing again it was
just confusing three hours later we
finally got to go back in and I was
scared to go back and I didn't want to
go back and I was like wait now what if
we have a Gaza I was so paranoid I
couldn't think of any like this
seriously it messes up your missus
messes messes you up misses your your
your anxiety and so I took a nap after
that we got home were safe I looked up
and news was breaking news everywhere
literally literally everywhere and then
when I took a nap I woke up when I woke
up I feel like buh it's something's
happening yet but it wasn't it was just
that that I'm paranoid so today
throughout the whole day I was just so
paranoid I couldn't do anything was a
lady one of my mom's friend she was
trying to call her daughter that lives
in that building to see where she is and
nobody picked up she called her non-stop
and she was she was hoping that she was
taking her kids out to school and nobody
picked up and three people actually died
and this about 10 people are missing and
I think one of my friend Muhammad's
friend's daughter she's one of them
missing under I just I can't even think
of it imagine bodies missing onto those
rocks and everything and there was kids
who actually got burnt eight-year-old
kids about 27 people were injured that's
what I've heard I'm not saying like it
the exact and
three people are dead 27 people
ingredients NASA's still unexplained
explosion that leveled two buildings
here what I was surrounded by smoke and
people running and five fighters about
about two hundred five fire trucks came
too and like so many it was just I can't
I can't stop thinking about I need to
stop stairs I need to go eat chocolate
thinking about my nose
yeah hamdulillah everything is fine I'm
fine my family's fine and unfortunately
some people passed away some people got
injured and I really wish them the best
I wish their family the best and it's
just really sad that I felt like that
was a sign like like Adam you didn't
pray fed you too you did it you did that
and it is don't do that again that's
what I felt like I was like what would
imagine the people that are in the
Middle East in Syria Palestine Yemen
just everywhere that's Egypt that's
happening and stuff like this like these
bombs that are happening like that just
imagine if this I couldn't handle a
minute of this imagine them they would
go through it every single day with
bigger bombs more bombs and more
explosions and more crazy stuff like
imagine what they go through they they
feel like their worlds and because
around them is everybody running
everybody dying so it feels like their
worlds and they but they don't know that
other people in the world you know
they're laughing living life eating
having food drinking water while they're
just suffering that's what I felt like
I'm like I wish just world peace man I
just want everything to be peaceful life
is too short to just be killing people
like that let people live their life and
let them smile you live yours let them
live theirs and I saw you gotta say
that's all I had to say hope you guys
enjoyed this story that I was saying
MCDOT for everybody that happened in
expulsion today in Manhattan and
McDonagh for anybody that's happening
around the world and to Malaysia and
she'll die everything turns out okay and
Malaysia
everybody's goals and achievements is
like you know when you think about you
want to achieve this you want to do that
but you know it can be taken away in a
second so yeah I guess live your life be
happy because life is too short not to
be happy if you're sad the whole time
and it's like you gotta just be happy
who cares if you're mad at somebody else
who cares if somebody is talking crap
behind you I could even get to edit
today
yeah we do have a new video on Sunday 5
p.m. Eastern Time make sure you guys
check it out make sure you guys give
this flack a thumbs up or video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it thank you guys for
listening and watching and supporting
our ASL vlogs it truly means a lot we
are going to start our this is the start
tour soon it's just been real delayed
because it's really cold and we decided
want to start it in the spring and we
will let you guys know around end of
March or April we are going the UK soon
and Charlotte Netherlands Sweden so many
countries that we're going to be in so
many cities and we're gonna let you guys
know so just be patient with us and yeah
make sure you guys check out our new
video on Sunday on the main channel
really hope you guys enjoyed it we have
so much fun filming it something funny
and something just to make you guys
laugh and brighten up your day so I hope
you guys really do enjoy it if you guys
do enjoy the new video in the main
channel give it a thumbs up let's try to
reach 10,000 thumbs up and one day so
see you guys Sunday with a new vlog at 2
p.m. and a new video at 5 p.m. eastern
time so make sure you guys tune in to
story a si teammate si do me gang we'll
see you guys then thank you so much for
everything
I love you and take care peace
