hey guys what's up so I have to babysit
Rima today almost all day so the vlog is
just gonna be with me and her I don't
know if shake is gonna vlog some we'll
see what happens with him and I'm sure
you got some clips of vlogs that we had
from a couple days ago so yeah we wanted
to upload something today we didn't want
to give you guys anything so hope you
guys appreciate it and give this flag
thumbs up and enjoy Mihrimah we've
committed our first crime together
because we are not just family we are
partners in crime so once again we are
outside me and Rima cos is another
beautiful day bring me what it was the
park
you look nice Rima you look beautiful
Ramon me and remar gonna sneak in to
this park I don't care it's trespassing
uh grandma's gonna come in first crime
at the age of two years old trespassing
so with me so it's okay and yeah we're
gonna see how we can fit in me being the
little thingy Rima because the next park
is about ten blocks away and it gets
dark soon I don't want to walk there or
something come on be ready you ready to
speakin here we go going just going
going to get it of them if the cops
chase you darling back we may go go Rima
go
hey buddy so you got this Cisco oh you
got this my turn you might get fit
my legs / yeah pleasure you push me yes
like this you just committed a crime but
I don't care I'll do anything to meet
Grima happy
you're five big fun so how's it feel
trespassing you know you're not allowed
to be here Emma I wonder the cops come
to give her a ticket Maddie
don't look back hold on you don't wanna
hold on all right think you're a boss
huh you gonna bust your butt oh no no
you got to go ahead first you got to go
terribly every month we got to do the
Arab way ahead first
come on Ramon you got this guys are we
scared no it's cold so I give her my
jacket Reema why he's good me huh
Reema get me boys
get me thinking let me fall you Clavin
I'm hiding on I mean we move to the
Queen here let me tell you leave this
all right there
we won't be quiet thirsty horn is his
valet Canada's oh you're right there you
see them that's the cop car get up yeah
get out away from this tree huh blood oh
my god how am I gonna do Rema get out
the cops here we want you to get us in
trouble
wait for me at the meeting right now and
we just found the Arab Jonas Brothers
where is that so I have oh what's up I
don't know good yeah good beautiful I
guess we found the Arab Jonas Brothers
here and yeah they're gonna sing for you
guys right now so I'll get ready what's
up I like the ladies yeah I mean the men
here we're just saying we told odd hi
I'm here with what's your names but city
names Mike what's your real name
oh yeah
yeah and like girl can I say something
get your hands off from girl like
because mine's like from coach and stuff
so would you get it from job - actually
coach but like I have Gucci ones I have
a lot of nice one so yeah if you want
I'll hook you up it's amazing
so I'm gonna test you guys right how old
am I
you got a right what's my favorite color
alright but my with that it was that
channel called yes I'm trying to
introduce the ice cream I do and he's
not my area
he just took his time I booth right
there say what up so I lied and say what
up so let's go home chubby burger hi
let's go to five greens to eat
he turns who turned Muslims the guy said
Muslim made um you made a term of them
like three weeks servicio mashallah
that's respect wait are you ready no man
thank you sir
shall Allah rewards you for everything
like evidenced in the Islamist right but
some people know nothing all right guys
so it's time to wrap up this flag hope
you guys enjoy this flag we didn't vlog
as much today because I had to babysit
Rima almost all day and shake was at his
house
he's moving over to his old house that
got burnt down they finally fixed it up
hamdulillah so he's gonna be there I
don't know having a week he's still
fixing up everything in that tomorrow I
should be with him fixing helping him
out I'll see you either tomorrow after
tomorrow so yeah she'll LA everything
goes out great we have some new videos
coming soon
no Instagram video is coming soon and a
lot of new stuff to come and new tour
dates to come so stay tuned for that see
look out for that thing you guys so much
for always going Turkey and giving this
black a thumbs up
you guys always motivate us to do more
so thank you so much for that we truly
appreciate it we'll see you guys
tomorrow a este daily vlogs and peace
