hey guys right now we're heading towards
the BBC interview that we're supposed to
have at 10:30 we're like a little bit
late like two minutes I'm just too mean
to say you know just is just our desi
thing you know we're gonna be there yeah
room but we're on our way I know yeah
so excited can't wait for this and yet
Johan will see he's just all
professional for our age I was gonna
come with like sweats and pyjamas cuz
really early stuff woken up just like
back in first grade that's what I said
then I could I couldn't get to sleep so
yeah so yeah we're hanging there right
now and you know we're gonna show you an
attire driver what's your name name one
one nice you look like you know you know
the Aventura the main person you look
like a yeah the Megan are you Dominican
oh you look like the two doesn't mean
one oh now you know it looks like you
look like a male yeah Romeo heavy yeah
yeah
shout out to table with Seth Taylor I
could be here all night atomizer D been
over to Hannah he suck at they didn't
Tina can want you to meet uh dude thank
you hey it was the best one of the best
interviews or the best radio our first
live UK interview we had and Pitt was
amazing
shout out to nor econ and shout out to
you guys for trending true story AC on
BBC nori of Khan and the UK it was
trending for a while a long time and
tried to get all the questions of making
this radio live interview amazing I kind
of embarrassed myself a little bit
interview ever my sticker I am telling
right now best interview bassist again
where does that check singin was cool
saying some really nice not I'm gonna be
honest I was kind of nervous I was like
shaking under my voice like like it was
like now the funny thing is he from the
bottom of our hearts we just want to
thank a sword for helping us trend true
story a essay on BBC marine con it means
a lot thank you so much and your short
somewhere it is because we're actually
phone fell oh my goodness my phone
because about you we're trending in UK
this is pretty crazy she was starting to
say on BBC nor econ so shout-out to you
guys for making this happen and yo shout
out to our our Feeny called Ozzie I
think she called to shut everybody that
called was amazing time when the most
part of Sam's be on oh what's that boom
we're Oh cold it shot good huh what I
want just give a massive thank you to
BBC Asian Network and yeah it was a
pleasure working with you guys alright
there's a pleasure of being into my you
guys know we haven't we had a quite fun
in it private
so have you ever like drove any famous
people
oh definitely yeah like like ooh daddy
Jeter oh they're Gino oh he's at the
base where the Yankees
sugar boy he's a basketball player a
baseball player what about Alex
Rodriguez non-anonymous
all right I'm from me whether follow me
with it Oh fuck's it but Omar you just
sack of it broke wheelies a Bruce Willis
nice house for me with AC ruler is he
cool it's cool really because he's
always so like before Olivia they're on
the west side alright not to celebrate
today we're gonna go to the movies and
watch non-stop chink of money something
I've only been with me today in minis
you wanna take a shower
all this for all of this for a rubber
ducky
and him yet got your rubber ducky just
for you okay I'm gonna turn any time on
America it's my favorite color too
we have this whole theater you know that
I could take any you know that most of
your work is that was sub just meant the
home imitating from Abdullah Abdullah
and yeah he he came from Yemen
he's delivery salary per month ago you
just came through we saw each other in
the movie theater that music
trying to say a kiss the Arabic that
also
Heena
another program of secret
subtitles right here
homage of the world up in the hospital
translation is yours with us that's it
yours yay you happy you know I'm so mad
Rima does this park right here they
always keep it closed why
everyone's ready pheasant all right
track so eight people because sad she's
gonna be right now
huh
what just closing me you can't you can't
blow your head you have a big head you
can do that here he was tried everything
every mishap stop
see one stop number away from you
okay so since you guys are saying that
shake shake one some people say shake
wants to be able to say that I won and
we decided we're gonna have rematch just
one real rematch slim is here you a
senior judge we're gonna play his way
right now I'm telling you right now
we're gonna play your way not last
fucking God not last PACU fight his way
free gift or however the lady wants to
play so this is what sore losers do they
find their wheels but you suck I mean
let my actions talk so let's let's even
the spell is impossible
thanks Elaine I'm not losing why are you
so late
no no no Adam is dogging it I never
stalking it how does it feel shake
that one
Hey I was shaking out I think again I
think again cynic really being yo
hanging
Wow all right so I won and the Comanche
I'm gonna give it to me and she won fair
and square this time and he doesn't want
to give me an olive garden all right so
hungry all right guys so it's time to
wrap up this flag hope you guys all
enjoyed this vlog if you guys did make
sure you guys vlog thumbs up
we'll see you guys tomorrow and it is
daylight saving time today so it was
supposed to be two right now but it's
actually three one hour less of sleep
but we have an extra hour of daylight of
sunlight so I'm little a is gonna feel
like they didn't go to waste
a huge shout-out to Noren Khan from BBC
Asian Network for having us and next
time Machado will be in the UK doing it
live and yeah and huge shout-out to you
guys for getting it trending and for
having the first time you got me in
history the first time to get that
trending on BBC so yet teammates say you
guys created history so a huge shout out
to you guys we are gonna have a new
video soon we'll let you guys know we'll
show you a little preview sometime this
week or so and the Adam awesome you hear
sala show episode 2 I filmed some of it
a little bit and there's like a lot more
special guest in it that you guys will
see so yeah you guys are like my babies
I spoil you guys I suppose I don't know
ever have kids I think I'm gonna spoil
them and I don't know if that's a bad
thing or a good thing I shouldn't right
there's okay we'll see I don't know what
I'm saying I gotta go to sleep because
I've had sleep for like so long so I'll
see you guys tomorrow take care take
care and good night
