hi guys so we got credit is here to
spread
they need to create a extra sidewalk or
something
as you guys are probably wondering why
the title is called
Palestine or Israel has nothing to harm
anybody we're just going to ask random
strangers here in New York City
Palestine or Israel would you we just
want to know what they're gonna say if
they even know what's outside I didn't
even know what's going on on there we
just wanna know their opinion right yeah
what a winner what they gonna choose
which side or anything so let's see how
this goes Palestine free free Palestine
straight call center Israel
know much about that I don't know but
what I will choose is peace because all
that balance that's going on people
dying civilians die am strike now I
would say feet so I can't pick a size
Julie's in doing piece cost engine I
don't know because I don't want to you
know say the wrong thing I don't know I
just see power so yeah and they need to
get that shit together and get along
oh stop the killing just tell them to
stop it stop attacking but is a real
stop attacking innocent Palestinian but
innocent Palestinians the civilians are
dying man well your choose one and
palette Palestine
maybe somebody know what's going on
there yeah nice what do you think about
so bad talking about
even better truth was Palestine or
Israel
nobody nobody wins nobody works I'm not
gonna make it out immediately think
about the big picture is really tight
Palestine because I didn't I came back
so
oh yeah I am
it's a big circle jerkers klozoff
concern you want to I think it's a big
circle chair what do you mean
right I mean for it but you know it's
been going on for centuries right it's
because you keep attacking so please
stop please I don't live this I don't
know you know and you rather be a big
circle jerk
right to me I passed on all this hey I
hope so
okay I hope for peace man they say
inshallah
what's that say inshallah and we're
having with God will be Chuck
salsa it's
Palestine or Israel Palestine or Israel
Hogman you know what's going on
Palestine or Israel
Palestine or Israel
in here from
a lot of people I feel like know what is
what do you think about what's going on
him addresses
they're very cute kids chaotic aside
everything back country like everybody I
heard turkeys coming involved too right
yeah
what is forgive me they're gonna have
they send us some foods food
since I got the right
Palestine or Israel
fucking cared incredible Meili
fuck away from me get the fuck away I'll
break this fucking camper get away for
it
very much better thank you so much
fala scene or besides obviously what you
need to choose
okay which are the state policy for me
honestly ma'am I'm a right
I come back you miss realist right
anything
anything by United
Miyoko myself again how can you choose a
Palestine or Israel Palestine or Israel
but
to that chiseling what no English
come on
I don't know Spanish sorry whoever knows
how to sit back in Spanish but I'm
trying to say say
love you so much you my new best friend
okay
it's crazy how when people don't know
which one I choose I don't know where
their mouth just chooses Palestine it's
like some harmless like they know they
know what what's the good and positive
from what's not the good or buzzy
Palestine or Israel 40 Palestine or
Israel
choosing choose one Palestine or Israel
this is crazy I'm telling you it's like
when you don't know you say the good
stuff you know you know what's going on
person you always go down cousin Israel
they're attacking people in Gaza
Palestine you haven't heard about in the
news
I must enter Israel
I'll sign our through
you know easier that's like a palace
back
so you can't chew the synaptic you gotta
choose a side we going through a lot
you know that is crazy anybody who
doesn't know what's going on which other
we tell them which one to choose
they all just choose kalsa I swear this
pretty soon no else is crazy
there's countries that restrict people
from vana Israel like you know boundless
their passport says any country in the
world I'm pretty sure Yemen does that to
date they don't count as you let us take
our prayers and thoughts go out to
everybody and gather that are getting
killed and being unmentioned on the news
and everywhere even though right now
it's going everywhere and I'm so happy
that it's spreading but inshallah this
goes to stop because knowing the fact
that Ramadan is supposed to be the
brightest month it's now like the
darkest month one of them they're making
it so I don't know so bad it just it's
just it's not a good feeling that I
don't like it you know Ramadan supposed
to be happy month and knowing that all
this is going on it makes me sad so much
Allah everything just stops and peace
man the reason that honestly that a lot
of people knowing the house sign is
because of people like me and you voil√°
because the media when they did it I
noticed myself I witness myself when the
media shows it they always show Carson
as as the terrorist they put Israel as
the victim well in the real case past as
the victim and we we as humans as Muslim
as as human basically are protesting and
showing the world that we're greater
than the media we don't need the media
to great we really need a medium a
school the media we're doing a good job
on social media Twitter Facebook YouTube
and spreading the word and showing them
the true side so you guys are doing a
great job by spreading the word and
trying to make this all to stop so screw
the media school that's easily my
timeline is everything is Palestine is
like thousand old let's say this is the
media right there let's say this the
meteorite it this is media arm oh wow
that's the media this me all of you
got it back
that's the meteorite Oh
the video right okay so today I want to
discuss about the Palestinian and
Israeli conflict
I want exaggerating but Israel is going
out of control with their attacking and
their bombing their killings like if you
guys don't know the history Israel
didn't have a land the Jews did not have
a land they were all over year they were
getting attacked they were getting
killed they were getting murdered
they're getting raped like it was all
over Europe
so then around the nineteen twenty to
thirty they decided that they needed a
designated land they needed their own
little state so they marched into
Palestine Thank You Palestine was empty
so they went to Palestine and year by
year more Jews from all around the world
came in to Palestine and then the 1948
the United Nations said is this one
conflict because they were fighting the
Arabs and the Jews they were fighting so
they neither nation said since there's
so much conflict going on why not just
split up the nations so they made a
Jewish state and an Arab state the
Jewish Steger if I'm not mistaken they
got about 52 percent of the land and the
Arab state got about 48 percent of the
land she did was very like it's crazy
like how this is a land of the
Palestinian this is the land of the
Arabs
so for legal Jews to come to that
country come to that when I come to that
state and get that much percent of the
land is it's it's insane then I suppose
get that much this was get around ten
percent just cuz it's a human that being
attacked just for their safety they
should have a little land for protection
but the fact that they got 52 percent
out of a land that's not theirs which I
find is completely crazy I don't know
why United Nations was going to do when
they were deciding that if they have an
issue with the Jews having a problem
with land why not just give them their
why they have to get the Palestinian why
they have to give the Ireland that
Israeli Zionists which is the political
movement there they their main goal was
to give Palestinians a hard time and so
so they can leave the country like from
what I heard they go from like place to
place
checkpoints the Israelis would give the
Palestinians checkpoint they have to go
through checkpoints in order to get to
that place there's a lot more like
randomly kids would be brutally attacked
around the Israelis would come beat the
Palestinians up and take all their stuff
those are video I'd seen online where a
group of Jews a group of Zionists or
people of Israelis they went to a
Palestinian home a lady's home her
father her husband died they go to her
home
take out all her stuff and put the the
their own stuff inside that house so you
just walked in like it's their own house
they don't give no they don't look at
the passing like humans they tag them -
kill them they do so much no don't ever
look at them like you they have no
feeling they have no heart to the fact
that way you can kill another human for
land you're gonna take another soul away
for land this is all they care about
their there the land Barak Obama if I'm
not mistaken in his last phone call with
the Israeli prime minister he said
continued defense we will support you
the he's he's supporting the fact that
Israel is attacking Palestine he's
supporting it he told him continue
attacking do what you want just do your
just get your defence on and like attack
them for your own safety this is what
our own president this is what the
American president said the president
that people voted for to bring peace to
the world to bring peace our country he
is supporting another country to attack
innocent civilians who have no army who
has no weapons who have nothing
they're attacking them there is
executive permission to kill them so not
only are designers murders they're also
being supported by America they are also
being supported by brock month as a
public party what can we do the most we
can do is protest recently on Facebook
and Twitter I noticed a lot of people
that's been protesting for the
Palestinian land they were protesting to
say outside protesting to end the
Israeli occupation and end the Israelis
from attacking Palestine not only
Muslims not only Christians but along
with Jews the people of Israel are also
against Islam matter of Islam
Christianity Judaism Hinduism
Sikhism is not a matter of that it's a
matter of humanity you know you you're
human Palestine because then the day
look Palestine it doesn't have America
Palestinians do not have the UK
Palestinians won't have the any other
country beside us where the only help
with the only eight they have so just
keep that in mind the Israel has America
they're backed up Houston is not backed
up and that's another vlog it as any of
those that we go beyond yeah
too many said it first oh my god hope
you guys enjoy the vlog we have more
vlogs coming up because this is daily
Ramadan blog so we don't skip night one
day this month um I'm very excited to go
to London unfairly man huh
you didn't take Katie Gus are you saying
those London what up cuz you're not Jane
yes hi I got your though but see you
guys one day but I need you have to
bring something back for us one day
oh I gotta bring up London souvenir but
you always say that but you know when
you bring the guys it's our life with
the house I was like it was it fail very
like with our yeah okay now if it's ours
in France Paris not in London um be I'm
really excited to looking forward today
but the media great information we
finally got it we can let you know it
tomorrow's blogs or sometimes so get
ready for that and you know we found a
lot of results a we we asked people
Palestine or Israel and you'll be
surprised what we found out like some
people did even know what's going on
some people know and some people that's
a wrap
peace these it's our deluxe peace peace
peace are you liking talking this you're
just sitting in peace hey can you stop
hey guys done when you guys have done
all something all right peace
dedicated all these feet
you
