Denning in it then and then a minute
minute and then in it nananananana
hi yeah miss it down sit down
no sit under you need a booster you need
the booster seat needed Biggs
hello guys hi guys
hope y'all doing okay right Peggy why is
she copying me
well I gave you she says everything I
say anything
what's wrong with you girl okay so hey
guys what's up today is gonna be I have
I have Rima here with me okay I was
supposed to introduce you what are you
okay okay so I have Rima here with me
and as you can see I'm wearing a bizarre
Jersey but even they look they lost some
brazil's cool so yeah Chris oh thank you
see Brazil
yeah Brazil yeah yeah let me stay here
just today okay Rima is gonna get her
revenge I don't know if you guys know a
couple months ago probably like five six
months ago maybe longer I don't know I
did a Reema's makeup and I made her face
beautiful but she thinks it was really
horrible
and now today it's free must turn for
her to do my makeup
rimas only two years old she's turning 3
in August 30th and she's gonna be I'm
scared right now
you guys know NAT sound really scared a
two-year-old is gonna hold make up stuff
and put it in my I put on my lips put on
my face you marry ready huh you sure yes
yeah you ready yeah I'm ready okay see
ya wait
what face of a light there Remo's about
to start got all the stuff here I don't
even know I have to open up some of the
stuff work she is so still so young I'm
scared and I can yes go choose whatever
you want can you start okay whatever you
want to say I don't know
this is the blush okay okay she's
actually doing a pretty good job are we
doing it so hard
damn you are you serious I look pretty
okay good good yeah Jen for all right
what we okay no oh she did she's taking
the lipstick no oh no mmm what are you
doing oh my god Oh smells good but does
it taste so good
ready go Lima hurry up no no I'll put in
my tongue was wrong with you my lips not
telling me no come on hey okay so I got
the lipstick done okay what is that me
it's a golden stick oh no oh it's our
lashley oh my god
hey I'm scared for my life oh my god
you need a whip aah aah oh my god
Rima you're gonna blind me okay don't
worry about go go yeah I made a wrong
decision to this video yeah okay you
know are you done him oh my god come are
you done oh yeah
close it that's it better buy it I don't
look nice
oh my god girlfriend oh my god oh okay
oh so hard huh IRA men did some
finishing touches on my eyes so you can
make like I'll earn it what are you
doing what do you use Emily okay oh no
no no that's the pencil right go go is
that the pentose phosphate is it pencil
supposed to go on your lip or your iron
oh this is not even Rima does my makeup
you should see this is like Rima she's
beating me up up go how caring massabi
putting him put away any serious it's
good I did Nick Knight what that's nice
she has he Gus to save a life nice are
you done
huh he done I don't know do whatever you
want to cook what is that oh my god
another lipstick oh no this is super
right oh no you're right okay
Oh No what is this
okay go hello you know putting it on my
put it on your hands first oh come on a
lot Oh No oh are you serious
continuum ago
haha she doesn't know how to put it out
Oh fine how much do you owe me how much
do you want I am beautiful little bit
see if it on hehehe oh you little bit oh
are you serious
ah God you nasty what the hell can just
put him on me make him wipe it on my
hand
okay okay every was almost I think she's
almost done I don't even know how look
right now when I see how I look I look
horrible
oh my god yeah I know it's ill you're
putting it yeah wrong with you I made
the wrong decision I don't know why I
even thought his idea I was like why not
really her get her revenge
but she's taking advantage of this show
them show the camera what did what this
is to tell them what this is what is
this huh
that's Alamo yeah this is mo yeah okay I
guess this is Ellen
girl this thing hurts you poked her so
hard okay okay come on no more yeah nine
leave in the comments below eight nine
what oh we're very pretty
leave in the comments below what do you
think is prettier me with my makeup or
Remo with her makeup in the other video
so leave that comes below what is this
sorry
get it idea what's wrong with you get
all over my face not funny it's not
funny thing is funny that's blue yeah I
know your colors why are you putting my
chin hey are you done yeah okay that's
it good
okay Rima is almost done nothing are you
almost done you mine are you almost done
yeah are you almost done yeah sure okay
what what is that mine okay that's what
your difference that's big ever smacking
me haha she smacked me she got blue in
her head huh what slow ah that's it what
about no that's it that's it Rima my
face burns
listen money no I wanna put some on you
oh you can push on me but I put some on
you yeah fine come come put someone
become okay yeah sit down sit down
get me Lillian
okay me Tommy say okay I'm done okay
good you're done yeah okay now tell them
look at my face
no we got my tell them tell them they
pay no sound look at my face thank you
tell them do you do a good job good that
you didn't do a good job
all right so Ramon got her revenge on me
she finally completed it on you so good
oh my god
she finally completed her makeup on me I
know you guys all waiting for this she
was waiting for this that makes you guys
give this video a thumbs up say thumbs
up Rima yep thumbs up we'll be having a
new video today at 5 p.m. it's gonna be
skit so make sure you guys check it out
down below since Rima did want me to put
the eyeliner thing on her face I'm gonna
rub my whole face on her face she
doesn't know what I'm saying right now
she doesn't understand and let's do this
oh my god girl oh my god I feel I feel
just horrible everyone come I need a
shower I just literally shower than I
did this way so dumb why like this I'm
so dumb why like this ready hahaha hi
guys if I write later
neither I love you Nivea see you in a
new video today and I'm gonna go take a
shower I love you Rema
I love you Rema I love you Rema Rema
never again tenten tenten tenten tenten
the dun dun da-dun da-dun da-dun da-dun
da-dun da-dun da-dun da-dun da-dun
da-dun da-dun done mmm okay boy
