there
I don't see historical
see so well I like this good was good
once okay come on please come on I can
find your wife come on yo oh my god yo
come on bro thermodyne bro hums open the
door
bring it over thank you whoa Thank You
Rima coming this up come back stop I
just stop I say
Wow Leamas doing the tool you serious it
ain't opened okay so hold on oh come on
man you got open doors on that my name
is fishing in so right now we're heading
towards to Aladdin's house still have
one hour to live doc and today they have
a huge it's our party at their place so
huh but tonsure Arab food I'm starving
right now so I'm boots
you Lydon should I have watching this
right now but I have a lot of food I'm
so so hungry and I'm ready to eat all
your food in the house man I'm go to
your refrigerator I'm gonna take fruit
punch
I'm gonna go to your frigerator I'm
gonna take orange juice I'm gonna go to
your frigerator I'm gonna take
everything is a we're in Union Square
right now this place is like people
going crazy in the road for the World
Cup right now so we're gonna mess around
some people right they going for they're
going for Columbia I mean you talk about
Brazil took up his off from then after
that Brazil won buzzer oh is that what
oh my god what what
Oh
what huh she's fine she's going I said
Brazil it's like that is too crazy
people are crazy
Wow we lost something yeah they lost
today we still wanted it so shout-out to
Brazil I still like Colombia the team
Colombia was real nice as a team getting
us to walk this guy whoa always goes it
what's up man silly girl made filmer see
yet something you see that man without
that man out to my boy adam i shout out
to my home where everybody know me
that's put up what up what up mama was
good he sign was up brazil hey let's go
do is go walking up this guy she was
going it was good the lieutenant is
ready for president oh sup man I'm
seeing already nag yeah you're gonna
ladder Scribner I told the camera doubts
I'm hungry man I saw them i'ma go 200
see your crimp what to eat
who said that me
how many people are in the car somebody
smell really good that's Adam I take a
shower for two weeks
do you not fasting bro my name -
Thursday Friday and Saturday and Sunday
I got all go uh-oh you've been out
ribbon in Mars Jupiter good I'm chillin
man
I got thanks man faster optimum and Oh
Carson Maggie I'm doing yeah I mean I
drink early water by accident so I'm
good you know hey careful my boom camp
I'm sorry I'm okay I'm sorry undo it I
know you get the cat I see ya hey booboo
Hey yeah we got the whole career say
what up
nobody so lucious
oh yeah Keith Keith you hear scream we
drinking a Capri Sun huh this guy's
father means passenger what's your name
he's a shout-out to the homie so I am
from Afghanistan thank you bro
for me my ho hey
your white hairline like that man
surgery that's a bullet man
I miss taking so long we still have like
20 minutes left and we just showing here
we we shall have like 20 minutes left we
do to my hair
that's what you do huh feel like we
still have like you want money under
this year yes good way not sick
madam laughs I don't cuz he father's
which way since he's had a little did he
know dad or not that's a record
thanks for watching two three I say make
sure to subscribe and like yeah so it's
about other things ready everything
right now but everything that's ready
look at this hungry you always look at
the folic sambusa with some Musa thank
you so much thought again with this to
you guys baba stick some boots up put
your hands up assemble some booth
assemble son was sambusa love is gonna
shock a little rusty so I seized my
helper he won't go which was how you
huge shout out to the mother of
Aladdin's okay because I see you
tomorrow heart thank you so much so what
up mama
how you doing Joe alright it's my first
time
that's this time so I you my fingers no
yeah yeah they like that just like that
see why I did it
that's it I got it you so low you know
you don't wanna hear shakes about Tracy
it's yours more no way so much are you
serious
come on Bo Matt up your nothing dip it
come on thank you boy
dip dip it happy to debate with the mom
it up uh yours mad hot but it's sorry
swallow your lunch or swallow don't chew
it
that doesn't matter eat man yeah well we
got eyes on you but chemin alum check
sorry to anyone who is fasting right now
you gotta see this
that's Dutch us yeah a bit like ever
seen in my life he's kind of chicken I
finished bomb going back up on him
yawning
when you're in a household you have
about four
so we have Muhammed here he's asking for
ream his hands we have a lot of people
ask rivers hand well I'm glad the
competition he's got official one right
here he's at Fisher one Beauty I am
asking for 50 50 thousand 50 thousand
oh hi
so what's up it's going play games we
want to go
hi guys so I got surprise for you guys
about to go meet up with someone right
now and we'll see how it goes
I don't know we're about to see right
now I know if I see somebody yeah yeah I
don't know it was good buddy odd it goes
good on this teaser she is super cute
have you up the love is lost way back
assassin seriously I'm serious another
deuce up what up guys to the man we have
seen I've done a solo in my high school
friend right it was a good husband to
get all of us over the scene of the
learner also ago I did a soak in the
freshman you know that I came back I'm
sticking from the first brother Brahim
yeah you so much spray my way why are
you guys looking like that before
shaving aftershave as you guys could see
Abdullah is here and he still tall he
still looks like bird and yeah as you
guys know he doesn't live in New York
anymore he live here so he just comes
here for vacation supply don't be a
preview though
Karimi one two three gain weight I got a
booty now I know now I'm not going to do
good bugs are the worst thing I've done
less limb like told us on me shaker like
the straw ones they just leave shake
let's just leave these in each other
right now yeah too many all right so
hold is this from 5th Ave king deli
thank you guys so much for this amazing
steak and rice
you got chickens and rice hurry officer
hey I'm ready this is what happens when
chicken breasts so when the time is up
how many minutes we have like 20-30
minutes now we have 50 minutes unlikely
but we have good take new trees but
we're taking the train so chance it
forever yeah the train is gonna take
forever we have a whole hour guys so
it's time to wrap up this vlog hope you
all enjoy this flag if you did make sure
you guys give like a thumbs up and go
Turkey
it was an amazing time seeing Abdullah
after a whole year unfortunately he does
not live in New York anymore he lives in
Pakistan and he will be visiting New
York here and there so we'll be seeing
with him and hanging out with him
that was one of the many announcements
that many surprises I want to tell you
guys a blos here the other announcement
that you all have been waiting for that
said I'm gonna tell you all is finally
here and I'm finally going to tell you
guys and this is going to be it so as
you guys know we have this is the start
tour we have been touring all around the
u.s. and Canada and I wanted to tell you
all that I will be in London Birmingham
Amsterdam Germany and maybe Malaysia so
these five places for this is a start
tour
unfortunately Sheikh will not be coming
for these five places so it's only going
to be meet and greets then I think
that's that's more fun though be crazy
blast we all hang out lies together
chill and just have a big blast
seriously you guys do not know how long
I've been waiting for this I've never
ever been to Europe my whole life I've
never ever been to London Birmingham
Amsterdam Germany or nothing and I'm so
excited because I always see you guys
all over Twitter always commenting
saying come here come here and is
finally here I should be going there
from August 1st until August 14 around
that time as well be going I will let
you all know where the meeting group
will be located at in a couple days
because August is right around the
corner so I will let you guys know in a
couple of days where the
place is going to be out with the
meeting he's being at what time and what
date and everything and all the
information for you guys to come through
and you guys do not know how excited I
am for this to meet you all just to hang
out you all it's going to be crazy so
make sure you guys all stay tuned for
that for the time places and location
and dates for it so I hope you all had a
great day a great night I'm looking
forward to seeing you all soon in August
we are going to be having a Twitter
contest on Monday or Tuesday I will let
you guys know hope y'all have a great
day take care teammate say I love you
all and peace
you
