day three of a a daily Ramadan vlogs and
who misses as well few mrs. Waller gives
us like thumbs-up or cuz I miss this war
so much
how does oka but I really do miss that
wall so much so I'm gonna vlog we must
sleeping right now probably in the
morning what times it's about 11:00
11:30 remiss no sleeping I'm gonna flag
next to the door and I'm gonna be kind
of loud so room is gonna hear my voice
and she's probably gonna come in and I
don't know if she's gonna come in if
she's not I'll just bring her and I'll
surprise her if she comes in then she
comes in so I can't wait for this cuz
I'm about to see my baby removed finally
back I just got back from the airport
I'm so tired having stuff like 24 hours
I miss this room so much I miss my bed I
miss my carpet I miss everything I just
missed I missed the walls I miss the
papers I miss the papers that Rima
ripped up I miss the doorknob that mean
huh everyone you just wake up through a
misty give me bigger I missed you you
were here you were
hey shy huh do you say huh Rima cool
you remember me what's money Adam Adam
you remember me hmm I love you I love
you Rima I love you Rima I love you Rima
oh I love you Rima you shy don't be shy
Rima missed you see I did you miss them
mr. Mellott c.height amazing hey t.c i
just woke up see I woke up like this
I like up see I woke up like this
hmm see I broke Adams doorknob why'd you
break my donor mm-hmm who broke my
doorknob you know you do get do noise I
get do know you broke my door now why
would you big man of you get man camel
oh you blame it everybody who broke my
doorknob you young man camel are you
thank you
say what Allah don't don't lie to me
again that no look at it no you broke it
look at this dirty fish any stole my
cookies no yes you didn't say si Dudley
vlogs are back say Ramadan is back
look I'm back say give this video thumbs
up
yep thumbs up go Turkey okay you broke
my doorknob
no yes you good you broke it again
and why you blame again you might forget
that one no Ramon stop lying to me it's
Ramadan you just broke it fast
yes he did you got new headphones
she loves listening so put on with it
yeah put on she did wants to do it
yourself look when I tragedies smearing
anybody okay I got it Rima okay she
always feel so relaxed kitchen is
Essaouira we need a shower
you eat like a monster she can't hear me
Rima shreya the mean Reema are back and
Shake is back for a say Delhi diamond on
vlogs part 2 we have many many surprises
to come we cannot wait to let you all
know some drinking in front of me Reema
get me so hungry
hmm we're gonna take us all the special
knows it's a lighter nose so we'll let
you guys little know little by little
into a say Delhi diamond of lakhs I
cannot wait because it is gonna be crazy
to let me find did a good job today
me more yeah it did a good job in the
inserting our video Reema team is
actually gonna get into acting real soon
as Allah and because she does a really
good job cuz she does a really good job
and i'ma show you guys how this again
video goes I so say she gets the phone
hey everyone I have to like tell her
what to do but she acts pretty good
Michelle look we were so shut off all
your does Reema gets into something real
big you see and if I this this how I do
I tell what to do look down Reema see hi
mama
just like that give me five good dress
yeah look hold us out the hand hold it
out Henry
hold it out hand yeah no look that way
look that one
say hi mama see come now yeah say go
home look over here now say go home oh
very good
it is time to eat will you do it fast
Haley did you fast
say hi to mrs. bad huh oh don't joke you
down fast we got some boosters I didn't
make any some of this today my family
did I think it's also with chicken or
beef and this more I don't know what
this is but as chocolate happens I say
what's up do you faster yes you did yes
are you fasting yes I did are you
fasting yes I'm gonna invent a new type
of sambusa probably tomorrow sometime
this week I will show you guys alright
so I just got done eating right now
we're about to go play soccer we're
supposed to play soccer but then I don't
know what happened to the field that
closed down the whole field and shut
down the lights and I came late so right
now I'm about to go meet up with the
boys hanging afterthought of the boys
and just hanging out so so hood and just
having a blast last year was crazy blast
this year is gonna be another crazy year
for Ramadan I'm Alana just amazing
feeling I love the vibe I'm alone bottle
kicks I have the number bad vibe in me
ah I know that just did right now I'm
about to go meet up I don't know yeah
big hug hug
ah
take a ride open Hawk and I'm
introducing introducing intruding this
guy block camera you know I'm saying get
this you Sancho number back a team like
Ramadan Kareem toiled UMI's and the
crews back I promise as a tea um team
Brazil right here what up praying team
Argentina so we have Argentina
nobody black team black of the only
Argentina always always always the topic
hi guys you guys want to see how many
guys are in a car right now I'm in the
back 1 2 3 3 4 5 5 6 now go to the
hello 7 8 9 9 and it's what I've people
it's a small car this is too much look
like win the back oh just a need any
let's go bro we got this whole cool here
you go you some remedy back in the bad
know causing us problems you're not go
to me how was it we're gonna use some
you have any food for some C code so
Alex give me my enemies makes me man hey
this is coming up an Egyptian I know
what that is you something capture now
it's on the same level don't see the
kind of people we got with us damn you
guys are crazy was ill yeah without see
what's up with that all school racial
let me go ahead when I look up we ready
ready how many super is the super yeah
yeah just another is you can be super
here so this is a program beliefs
already know me and I get online
we're a busy lining huh know what to the
line i yet beautifully just straighten
you Oh
oh I'm gay Adam won't you make me this
alright
yeah I got you huh yes I think we're
good with this like anybody was blasting
right now I feel bad
so it's like hey you got a snack machine
I'm a vegetarian
she got me on deck with the money that I
get go covet roles on there you like my
tech but she once again pitching us nope
Turner oh boy I'm the lever Jason food
yummy food
sure was on Danny so thank you so much
Sam big boss right here
your visa gotta do another another
pretending to be a celebrity French
celebrity yeah but this time I'm gonna
do pretend to be so this is the reason
why she's never waste food always give
it to somebody or somebody who's in East
oh yeah
okay we got the team iron see what
everybody sir
okay I will say what's up cause I'm
losing you losing nothing has a winning
watch what watch so tada
you
