you just got done everything just wrap
the I know the whole moon thing we
finished the whole movie ever to
hamdullah well great and amazing
experience some misses guys so much to
say I know right
obviously that I'm a really and I miss
everybody man
there's to me we got a connection like a
whole family they're like alright you
got so much
everything good doesn't last that long
but right we enjoy them we always say
what up to sort of so much Alisa
yeah this might call the custom what is
it mustard
so here's a message discretion is
advised
you were discretionary descriptors over
D born when Anna my name is uh if you
all mad and jealous cuz he didn't favor
money
well hey doesn't Dearborn for real I
don't understand why you had to be
hating on I had on the other warning him
is one of our area Yemeni suppose you
know put them up there instead of
putting him down he's gonna be proud him
for something when people don't know me
well have your never so I mean it means
a lot of doing this for you
and you trying to make people happy
you're fools on a little kids no smoking
I'm saying bad stuff like that like I
just did
Indian shake we did not fast today
because we're starting our fast today
which I mean but just technically
something right now but mo he fast
sucked today so you chat up damn
no know what up you fascist Eddie how
was it that wasn't that bad to be on it
was so Sunday I don't know if Sunday
Saturday but I played it safe yeah I
don't know once you guys are traveling
you guys are really example yeah I know
we started something because my family
they were starting Sunday and every
basically everybody in New York we're
starting Sunday shake when you starting
sheikha so sick right now so feel better
it's a personal matter my throat feels
better now my nose oh yeah right now big
sight is day one of AAS a daily and I'm
gonna vlogs and we're here in the south
end of Dearborn most taking us out to
Dearborn is like about 2 a.m. right now
we're gonna stay up until some hood and
have fun and enjoy the first they have a
say deli diamond on blogs
I ran out driving down downtown Detroit
and looks beautiful it's not really
usually Detroit's like super ghettos
like we're back in 2002 but right now
actually looks like it's 2014 wow this
is totally different from Dearborn South
and everything
closer
all about that is not more like it
I'm putting a shower man my Amiga Shamu
my Fuji they met what Jordan my selling
Jordans gonna shout for Jordans on
really yeah you want to go soup beat
that's right now finally walking the
streets of Detroit walking around
usually
shake let me shake like a baby now he's
so sick we all right we came first I'll
say it
alright so usually whenever what city we
go do we always blog what that like
randomly to see how they are like
Toronto we did it before
la orgy in Oregon they're all nice so
we're gonna have to test it doing it in
Detroit if I get shot more was your
fault
I'm telling have no clue what is it
supposed to be I feel like
now you fighting at all guys - fuck
oh I've been in of like say whimpers
enough like Saudi to blogs like you
search on run
yeah that's cool
I could I heard hit the hood man on TV I
see they cook just like New York let's
hook it up
what's that so this is the beaches here
in Detroit yeah we're okay six and up
here I've never seen this to be I was
pretty cool Michigan yeah yeah Thursday
is like I got my Jordans no because
people in Newark telling me people
Michigan gonna shoot me from my Jordans
thanks man thank you so much thank you
for that thank you never mind about that
don't know what's so hard no no no I
wish people here yeah I love I'm a
proposed to you Anna come on lucky me I
could have a great alibi you know it's
Ramadan yes I know
it's nice you know some of that I didn't
know what's wrong with that you know now
I know some 22 2010 was like fasting yes
yeah you got a fast for 30 days you know
the reason why I got a fast that fast
was like what do you think would be the
reason to just not you just suffer
yourself you want to suffer yourself no
it's really you know people like the
poor people they always got to go
through every single day so if we go
through it for a month just to see how
they would feel and to give back in our
angle I want to go all the way on the
top like I want to go all the way up
there shake off that race-ready
there
Oh
up
I'm shaking to teach while I take a
selfie had stood out himself
I'll take your selfies like this there
is a hold on the camera you have your
face hold that angle now I'm not gonna
like Detroit pretty good it's pretty
chill I should have never judged it like
that everybody would just tell me he
stopped then I ain't around montseny cuz
maybe if I go to the hood hood but they
try any hood that's anyway yeah but
Detroit I like your shirt they tried
pretty cool
oops did I say masha'Allah cuz I think I
just jinxed Detroit somebody's getting
locked up
oh my god something else is happening
look this face is crazy how to take my
word back give it you're done with them
take a step back move it why is it
professor actually yeah
the crazy thing is that this is Arabs in
Dearborn mass and it's Ramadan it's
admin so we're hearing out with the food
means shake we are not gonna be fasting
today because we are actually traveling
and it is said that you are not supposed
to be fasting if you travel and if you
travel more than hundred miles or
something but I did want to fast and
everything but I spoke to my mom and I
spoke with Mo they told me no you're not
even allowed to fast supposedly if you
do fast is considered Haram or so but
you guys even the comments below are you
supposed to fast if you travel or not
but should I or not but we are gonna eat
so hard with Mo just to just eat with
them and just relax and this is what
we're gonna eat sorry same buddy was
fasting right now this is a chicken what
is it called is meat and cheese in there
some Gatorade some Pringles some cookies
can sit in chocolate strawberry milk
water I don't know what that is
aloe something that I got so it's time
to wrap up this vlog hope you all enjoy
this flag it is our last day here in
Michigan it's about 4 or 5 a.m.
we're heading to Toronto in a few hours
and we should be there performing in a
few hours and we are so exhausted but it
should go well shala I'm gonna miss
Michigan so much Dearborn Detroit every
single part of Michigan you were so
amazing the whole film crew was just an
amazing amazing experience we're finally
done also the hamdullah and I cannot
wait to all edited and done for y'all to
watch it and for us to be at the
premiere in your city and feel all to
watch it's just gonna be an amazing
amazing time and a huge shout out to the
homie mo for helping us through
everything here in Michigan is just it
was he made us see so much easy for us
so he shot up for him and thank you so
much
he's like cuddler thanks Manuela truly
means a lot without you I would had a
hard hard time me cheek but I had a hard
time in in
so there's wish you got much love much
love man I love you I love you more
do you guys tomorrow in Toronto and day
two of a a daily time non vlogs hope
you're all doing great
I love you all and peace PS we are
bringing the de Ramadan contest on
Twitter Beck's will be ready for that
you
