it's too big and I hope you are having
an amazing day because we're having an
amazing a so a for having an amazing a
you all should be having an amazing
happy they do me a it is time
me and mr. na ZZ we're about to perform
Umrah and this is our first time
formally together because last time I
came a little bit late yeah yeah he did
it before me I came a little bit late
because it should happen with the visa
and stuff but this time we're doing it
together
this is both our third times we had to
go to Mecca right now at the most
beautiful place in the world I'm so so
happy you have this amazing amazing
feeling me and I are talking about so so
much I'm ready to go on this journey and
ready to perform our Amida and she'll
like it's accepted and do me and you
guys about to come with us and let's see
see how it goes you ready and this is
our last one with his mother - last time
he came with my mom and mom was there
his mom wasn't here but this time his
mom is there so it's gonna be amazing to
come alone it's your first time with
your mom yes my first time wow this is
crazy this is his first time with his
mother so it's gonna be an amazing
amazing time it's the best feeling going
with your mother I'm sorry that now it's
the best best feeling going with like
your parents and stuff but I'm ready to
go I join his downstairs I'll see you
guys at do be gay in the next shot make
sure you guys give it a thumbs up and
I'ma get ready to see I mom us
performing ombres and see in Mecca the
most beautiful place in the world to be
I'll see you guys in next shot
who
dumi gank right now we're going to the
messages it is called message Adele me
hot this is where you start your
attention for ombres been one on our
journey to Mecca this is the message
right here I was like so amazing they
have Zemzem water a water fountain with
Zemzem water wow this is dope lovely
it's all good
Adu beginning at hand Allah we finally
made it to make hell we're about to
perform our Amida right now we just got
to hotel Mina's his mother and his
sister about to leave of it all right
now
we just got to our hotel and I want to
show you guys our view we have like two
views one of the cab and one of like the
city of Mecca which looks amazing
amazing one of the most beautiful views
ever you guys ready to me hang they're
ready they're ready one two three
Wow masha'Allah Wow
it's the phone Wow mashallah oh my god
guys oh my luck thumbs up man thumbs up
for this video like I'm assuming I'm
shadow zoom and let's see how far we can
go wow this is Subhan Allah
it's oh my nuts come look Wow Wow
this is right in front of our face
seriously do me gang first of all I just
want to say that I'm so so blessed to be
here this phone keeps ringing till we
can come back as I was saying I'm so so
thankful to be here there's so many
people millions of people around the
world who wish to be here so being here
for me is a blessing like I'm so
grateful and I'm so so thankful and I'll
be making that for every single one of
you guys do me yank for all of the do me
I'll be praying for you guys pray for
your families as if it's my family
because you guys are my family and also
I am making your tweets and seeing your
Instagram DM telling me what does you
guys want me to make so let me know I'm
here for like three to four days let me
know in the comments below put a die I'm
gonna bring my phone I'm literally gonna
be right front of the cabin and make him
die for you guys that's the least I can
do for you guys make dua for my heart
and a shout let everything gets accepted
and do me think this is the other view
we have which is right here Wow look at
this beautiful mountains houses are
mountain I want their people live there
that's crazy but do me you're about to
go there right now
bismillah let's uh let's perform our
Amida a doobie gang I'm about to
summarize to you guys what exactly
happen I am back from I'm gonna it was
an amazing amazing experience so I
started off going to the cabin doing
Mattawa and after I finished mouth off
I've logged a little bit for you guys
over here to show you guys whoever isn't
here to bring you guys on this journey
with me over here
guys look this is beautiful everyone of
all kinds Wow
halfway done with mohammed ur need to
solve a photo right now and then i'm
done
I've been after the laughs I was doing
the Safa and Marwah it was right here
hi guys made it out so amazing amazing
busy feeling I'm gonna show you guys how
everyone is doing right this is just
some some water right there nice how you
feeling huh huh your feet hurt it guys
this is a workout but it's an amazing
amazing experience I like the little
kiss so how the leash move you so cute
making sure he doesn't get lost the
green light is there that's why everyone
starts running a bit fast not see you
like a little better shall they feel
better man door it'll all be worth it
guys we're staying at this o'clock
talent for some reason like so beautiful
reminds me of Big Ben in the UK like a
better version
wow the other social media is taking
over people oh my god Wow
everything was going so well so amazing
it was a dream come true but then after
that you guys will not believe it do me
again I was so starstruck I've never
been this starstruck in my life because
this was my favorite favorite chefs ever
since I was like 6 7 years old his name
is chance for this I know every single
one you guys probably heard him but he
was leading the prayer and in do me
getting I want to tell you guys this
right now
it made me tear it made me cry man
because every time I came here to Saudi
Arabia to Mecca
I never he was never like leading the
prayer yesterday's was never leaving the
prayer was someone else I mean they're
amazing - but like ships and ace he just
saw a man like I loved him so much he
seriously lit up all of Mecca he had so
many people crying and breaking down
even he was breaking down a little bit
so I knew me gang right now what you
guys to just close your eyes and to just
listen to him just give it a minute
listen to him it was seriously a dream
come true
then Akuma gang after everything so hard
to say this part on much after
everything so hard to say this poor I I
am uh I had to oh my god I want to say I
have to say I uh sighs I had to I had to
shave MUC I had to shave my head bald
