yeah let's calm down but do not start
this bro go hey guys what's up your dumi
gang I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day in dumi
gang I have something going through my
mind right now and I want to speak to
you guys about it I know it sounds
really really dumb but I really want to
shave my head completely bald I don't
know I know it's not that important like
it's my hair and stuff but like I want
to shave a ball whenever I wake up
shower fix my hair it's always so so
annoying it takes me so long but at the
same time I do not want to shave my head
because I'm going to divine like two
weeks for a meet and greet for chapter 2
fan love I'm going to do by again like
the week after for Arab Fashion Week and
I have two shows in quoits in December
so I don't want to show up to all these
places bald because if I do shave my
head bald all of you guys might not even
show up if I'm bald so do me a serious
question let me know in the comments
below should I just shave my head and
have like a fresh start in chapter 2 or
should I keep it because I've been
growing my hair for a while now no I
went through a long way to get this
curly hair right I mean to complete mess
I didn't fix it because I was so close
to shaving it for the video for you guys
then I was like nah let me just ask a do
me yank first so do me Aang let me know
in the comments below and imma take you
guys with me right now to New York City
Union Square so let me take you guys
with me I'll see you guys in the next
shot a doobie gang I just got to Union
Square look at this and while see I've
been here for so long I filmed so many
videos here this is like a legendary
spot I'm bout to meet up right now with
an Aqib and my nephews of hi guys so I
just met the homies right now I ruined
her own say without was pop there's pop
man now homie right here you genius man
he's a rapper and he's an upcoming
youtuber who does crazy
what's the channel called big 8 TV big 8
TV
pussy national Afghanistan Afghan decide
so if he's from Afghanistan I told him
he got into something crazy what was the
video that you're doing today do some
savage now what video are you doing
today oh I'm at like 20 girls for sex I
know is there from brawl it's different
but that's crazy for Brooklyn right yeah
crazy when it comes out like you know
I'm saying yeah that's why I appreciate
you giving me a shout out man all good
man I do something he's a real one bro
not of all good bro you wanna do this
give me give you a dare for anything so
my boy in the cube is coming right now
so you guys are gonna scare the shit out
of them shit I pretend to be haters like
I'm saying on my hate on him for a
little bit just act like you know I
solve his hair do whatever I saw in the
cave man he's got the shit in his pants
good I think my hair is dope man I don't
know that I'm gonna be a bunch of
intense gang it's a little tiny to wait
a minute item I don't know that I think
it's like a little bro what's up goodie
man I've seen you on on YouTube um then
that's been Adam right yeah yo I could
get a shout-out for own YouTube a
shout-out here
yeah I don't do shoutouts and easy
I don't know yeah yeah yeah come on
no mokou so something I'm like oh my god
do me gang a huge shout-out to the homie
heroine and Eugene sorry Nikki
it's not fair really bad like you just
pranked me something this was random
I was so sorry in the only way I told
I'm all the way you could show me yeah
right
cuz I'm mad at him I want to leave I
need a wrench right now so only way that
told me it seemed just walking around
and mess with people randomly just mess
with them embarrass yourself having the
self in front of them messy so it's
messing around with Adam yeah I stabbed
dad we gotta come out immature Adam
gotta come on okay this is a bad idea
mr. Ralph Adam enjoy thumbs up
how do you know say we're from the UK
same word from you
in a cleaner suit now I'm gonna I'm
gonna clean your petal better
well
see how you get ahead of Mary yeah I'm
trying to get married man when is Adam
gonna get married
hi guys so supposedly this car right
here is worth a million dollars
so I'm uh Malaga's your the car you know
you're the car guy so let me know is
this car worth a million dollars I was
asking a guy who said it's Lotus I don't
know if he's lied to me he said it's
called Lotus I don't know nothing about
cars I'm sorry man well soon I'm gonna
get a car do me any like really is this
really a million dollars I keep hearing
you're smart is this car worth the
million dollars or either
my friend Oh missed out he says homas
got kicked out was like I was doing a
lot of weird stuff
I just came out no way yeah I'm gonna go
back in or not
not to let go Megan I wanna see him
again
it'll be weird just say hi hi guys the
person we've been waiting for the whole
time because of you Adam like embarrass
himself in front of everyone like it
kind of places like we can't shut all
other faces how's that I don't know
anything I have to do this crazy stuff
and then slow came out both you guys
came after the tall people came after
him yeah and then oh yeah so totally
yeah look he's not we can giraffes
looking you guys look like they belong
in money kicks farm do me gang I'm back
home I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and let me know if you guys
want more messing with crazy savage Adam
always get ratchet even though I'm not
ratchet anymore I'm 24 you know I'm not
ratchet but yes sir do me gang if you
guys have it make sure you guys preorder
chapter 2 it is gonna be out in just a
few days October 29th everyone will have
it you'll only have it if you preorder
it so pre-order chapter 2 and the way
neck music video is gonna come out so I
cannot wait also a nice toy show she
just released a new video and they're
doing a giveaway and Naya and nas nas
has made a special appearance in the
knives videos just his back but if you
guys want to check out a nice new video
you guys can go subscribe to her the
link is down below she's almost at
10,000 subscribers thank you guys so
much I appreciate you guys so much you
love and support means so much to me so
thank you guys so much and I really hope
these vlogs like brighten up your days
and if you guys want me to make the
vlogs longer and not cut it like edit so
much ha I can make them longer because
some of them some of the stuff that I do
is really ratchet so I don't know if you
guys want to see that too I mean you
guys you guys let me know if you guys
want me to keep it it'll be like a 15 20
minute vlog and I'm doing like really
ratchet funny stuff but it's all good in
the hood you guys let me know in the
comments below I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me a take care peace LA
where you been where you been I've been
waiting here the whole time for you I've
been waiting here a long time for you
you've been missing
