hey guys what's up so since you all got
three thousand thumbs up and yesterday's
vlog we are going to be going around
telling people example people to shoot
the toy gun shoot a gun but they're
gonna get um like shocked and like them
it's like electri it feels crazy like
electrocuted with that I tried it myself
and it really really really it's like
vibrate this is like that like it hurts
like a whole body just jumps up like
that so should be fun and let's see how
this goes come on shake it how would you
do it for lets me try to do it our own -
that's your hair tight right come on
just do it I try to take you're doing
your own one okay so our first victim is
Melanie she is the cute little
Australian lady and we're gonna get her
and try to get her to shoot the shotgun
so let's see how this goes Melanie he
watching this I'm sorry and to your
daughter niece I'm so sorry Melanie is
an author and she's also an actor and a
writer and yeah she's a lot of cool
things Melanie so sorry we have to get
you okay so we're here playing a board
game everybody see what's up what's up
this is that what's a board game
what's up board games see what's up my
except say I'm Avenue
this is my my gunga cool gum you like my
gun it's not a problem like it do not
take this to the airport you take two
therefore you look like em they take
this away do you not like these to
Australia come on be sure to chew em I
try to get bubbly with a yesterday but
you smart enough not to get it you
smarten that's what you did he's a pal
he want to use the gun he got her head
you should shoot it shoot it shoot me
shots you know it doesn't I'm sorry
Melanie our next victim is Kadir Latif
he is a rapper from Buffalo New York he
is 6 feet 8 weighing unto I don't know a
lot of pounds but we're gonna get you
homie
and you should handle it like a big man
may your 68 you should handle I'm sorry
we're gonna have to get you and yeah
it's gonna be fun girls yeah
freeze getting a stool
as a life service it doesn't work so
does our head there we go
doesn't work though right you shoot him
black I'll pull this out I get shot shoo
shoo - ooh man Hey look dumb but you not
not at schooi now this is the ice-cream
shooter shooter shooter said the
shooters Kabir can you shoot him the
bigger bullet hell fire you up to shoot
him nothing it from there
the anything out nothing usually they
shoot him yeah yeah Shakti god I'm sorry
could be he'll hug Lisa I love him I
love you a lot what the heck my next
victim is the one and only
Elmo Regan I'm so sorry I was shall we
did I didn't want to do to you I didn't
but shake he said he wanted to so all
the blames on shake blame shake blame
shake oh yeah I'm gonna have to get you
I'm sorry
and yeah good luck I'm scared tell me
what's good don't shoot him nothing I
swear
don't shoot him no it's a lighter so
later little thing that start stinging
you not a time-delayed low legs alight
ultimately you didn't shoot no no madam
shoe leather shoe well later later Walt
light sweet old luckily let him shoot
him yeah so should be not deployed so I
did nothing I don't like the game beyond
all no oh my god don't say nothing I'm a
peaceful man I'm a peace I own but those
watch you you're out in the cable live
until the camera to record this it is oh
look oh mighty it's an omen come on
peaceful man pull the trigger we get
hold off little Tula I like this long
more life while your ass on snow whoa
you said the batsman him the dare judge
me got we ought to be unaccountable for
a lot of stuff whoa whoa doing sweat you
wanna pull the trigger well are we gonna
keep the widow that I want to shoot it
there's a chicken so we couldn't get
anyone else because somebody took it
away and they said that we're not
allowed to have like a toy gun or
something like that something that looks
like a gun I mean I'm such an idiot for
even getting the gun Shockers I
should've got something else instead of
a gun because this looks just really bad
but if you guys did enjoy this make sure
you guys give this a thumbs up if you
guys get 4,000 thumbs up in this vlog
we'll think of something else in Moodle
something crazier here Kadir white 6
feet batman school a k68 how much you
ain't the biggest man in America or
honey he's about 400 pounds shake who is
hot for the Australians that I know that
he's about 2 meters tall and weighed
about 180 kilos really yeah
I don't know why kills me I know inches
and feet and um
so they're at the race with Shane you
saw Shakey's 5 feet 9 8 59 and 342 140
pounds 150 150 no you're only 13 and I
got 10 pounds shredder it's about 55
kilos 55 kilos so they're at the race I
don't know who's gonna win unless the
others goes somewhere what you gate
thank you hello first sheiks de-annex
him you guys gotta stay max each other
normally is there Eddie I'm upstairs
innocent guys ready oh hey guys ready
hello Bella hold up hold up
there's genies yes you ready I'm ready
okay wait before this race starts
leaving the comment below pause the
video leaving the comments below who do
you thinks gonna win
Kadir or shake you would be surprised
who we think will win hurry think we're
almost won so leave in the comments
below then play the video ready set go
I'm waiting for you pause the video and
comment below go home and waited for you
come on 3 2 1
come on man you gotta say go in America
you gotta say go 3 2 1 go who is that
teammate remake
I won the ocean I want to ask who shake
one but who in all of America is gonna
tell that Big Unit that he did away baby
baby hi guys so it's time to wrap up
this vlog hope you guys enjoyed this
shocking plug get it shocking fuck you
get it shopping bye
yeah nobody filmed today we had a day
off so we hung out with the crew it was
an amazing time with the whole crew I
feel like we're all family now they're
just like amazing like it means like
people I know I is just you know seeing
them every day is just I'm gonna miss
them so much when we go back to when you
go to Canada then back to New York so
miss you all so much shall we all come
back together and hopefully we'll stay
in touch and hope you guys enjoyed this
blog AAS a daily Ramadan vlogs are
coming I remember last year when we did
a CA daily and I'm on the vlogs that's
what started our whole a a daily vlogs
we've been doing daily vlog since last
time Milan and we're doing every day
every day since then I know we missed a
couple days but then missed that much
probably like what 10 20 but yeah which
always try bus upload of like every
single day and the daily time on the
vlog I don't know they're just super
special and super meaningful so high
five
we'll see you guys tomorrow with another
a CD love lag
makes you guys gets like a thumbs up go
turkey say peace up and go beer and
hyo's raven-haired man I'm sorry I love
Turkey but yeah turkey wallaby Turkey
Brianna turkey right okay see you guys
tomorrow
take care team a say I love you all and
peaches okay
