but I'm looking forward to this week
because I we're almost finished with
almost finished with ask our scenes and
we're almost finish with our roles and
then right after this we're heading to a
to Toronto so you know big things are
coming here so thank guys for all the
support for that thanks for loving
bringing us there so me and Adam are
huge like massive fans of music but we
list the different kinda music list to
it Adam listed can you go to the first
floor this one to hear oh oh
Sully am lovin Billy damn I feel - relax
brother
Oh
and then we go up to the second floor
Union remind you so each floor if both
of us we learn something different but
still the same in a wait what if I sleep
and flipped over comes out I'm in there
huh I see movies like that watch out
guys I sing we like that watch Allah
whoa so we have officially moved to a
new hotel this hotel or this suite is
exactly the same way or is everything
the same thing as the other one but you
know I'm looking at as a buoy bill just
made a Twitter tada
and how is it making a Twitter funny
other Twitter what the hell is this well
it's a favorite we just used me you just
put a picture we retweeted him now this
phone is like how does this work man
I don't like a readings that you get
retweets or favorites and it's like
communicating when you're v2 all your
followers see it for real yeah so
there's all our followers just saw your
picture second did you retweet what we
pull yeah I'm having lunch is important
to people yeah obviously cuz they love
you boy we go prior to this this is
ridiculous this is all like in
modifications can't take anymore man
okay battery's gonna die if you guys
aren't on Bill his real name is Bilal
and he's Lebanese
Australian Lebanon it's black Andrew I'm
a backyard of it so that you guys know
yeah I spoke three languages
well I'm English yeah Arabic is American
language I so right now we're in
Dearborn Michigan we're going to this
place with a cult duffer deaf I see I
wanted him to say it
this is like everywhere his Arabic names
kind of cool it's a nice flow spot
duffer let's go I'm gonna make shake
trying some toes are see they got like
one of the best herbs on my second time
the first time I did it in Saudi Arabia
nice
I'm here with the homie move move was
awesome awesome faster sonic
messagelistener so strong man a shallow
son and he remember their hammer that
he's gonna measure us and see what's up
thank you guys really nice huh look
shake your hands up is to play smells
really good in here myself free shit
they got some old where you guys from
yes from Yemen Oh shadow you represent
what so this one shake might be getting
so this color and I might be getting
debug huh musically my neighborhood nice
so I might be getting the color white so
you guys this is worried that one all
right that one is white you gotta let us
know that color or this color shake what
you think no that one nothing about when
it's cool that's Adams I uh I think I
want to be quick right here white Abu
you guys leave in the comments below
shake this one is cool I'm telling you
all right we'll see you shakes first
afternoon thank you yes now guys like
this one beautiful he's Arab Nami
congratulation jar thank you Liga
you first perfect photo huh that's right
this all the time you choose you choose
bottom Darla's fact this one then that
one Neverland yeah put your address over
46 2046 20 Greenfield cream-filled dear
one do you want Michigan this is the
fuck mom you know how to do a happy are
you still out there
shit Thanks oh yeah
hi guys so I just have five shake we're
heading back to go to Yemen and yeah
pizza see you guys
No
yo my man was good my man oh man Oh Oh
fine segment he looks like Shaquille
O'Neal and put up kabila t fire rap it
from Buffalo New York
your Grandpa's mother
we got Kadir on the movie
yo man Elohim L Malika before God head
on the ground in the knees in the floor
in the devil in my ear saying traded for
the world but I'm gonna traded for the
purse when traded for the girls when
traded for the cars won't trigger for
the g's got love for the ain't no love
little beads we rollin with the dogs
laying with the fleas and the pigs my
dear son right elaziz lousy Jabal al
mutakabbir no blunts in the air no punks
in my square no pipe Jim's hair getting
pushed to the where just pumping the
sniffing stuff from the fear I should
hide on my lips for tea on my head
dummies in a clip for them dummies on
the strip that you say you hustle hired
your hustle liar
leather coming out the Trap House pac-10
like the car oh damn occupied by the do
you how your Occupy Wall Street don't
occupy the sewer you like your pyrite
never I can kinda let the soul I can put
a grave when you occupy death then I
don't thing to be a shot to our boxer
makes a lotta Al Aqsa
I rock your first I shall deny fourth
tire bitch balapan highlights a title I
introduce your town and drop put on not
happy though Saudi Iraqi folk cackalacky
my Philly I can even in Baltimore I know
the Ark of the altar no I went on tables
of seven articles I'm most honest about
my heart will grow Reva Dorjee cos you
been bugging and gather gather missile
rocket heavenly City Florida Nevada for
me my auditor be just given though
you're not even buried you not in my
category you do do like lavatories
locust category under less before you
know one that was born me I CLE in a
hurry your head in my vision blood just
time do a little something you do think
I know for me Oh
Bosh it's Bart wearing suits with some
time you got some shoes I don't know why
this basically forgotten applies and
then film something so we end up bad
life I'm Ready Set action action action
true story a say alright what if we
could be most it is recording so hi I'm
Adam
I mean as fat and Irish a khutba and oh
yeah we are behind the scenes of his
photo shoot and that's the best right
yeah really bad all of his weapons props
shoot other people be doing this it
doesn't matter you guys don't know okay
all right guys I got
alright guys that's the end of the line
be sure to give this video thumbs up and
go biryani on the like turkey oh we can
get 3000 thumbs up in 24 hours I will
get this gun shit is gun sound real good
it's shot I make the shocks you so like
I'll go around go test it I'll go I'm
not testing it hell no you do it no
either yeah
is it no not yet so this gets 2000 likes
will go do it okay
I already got shake with this okay he
was a person he got oh we're sorry for
not uploading vlogs more often like
every single day because we're too busy
with the film we film all mine and stuff
and it's like I have like we have like
sick every day like 16-hour shift like
we stay 16 hours on set doing the scenes
that is so hard and do making a movie is
not as easy as it looks
takes a lot of hard work a lot of
dedication a lot of patience mashaallah
everything will go great and it'll come
out great for you all to see it's like
five oh dear in our days god yep inside
we met Eric Roberts we were in a scene
with him right now
yeah pretty skid back yeah we had a
scene with Eric Roberts he said he's a
very chill guy he's very he's on my Emma
Roberts I'm her up its dad put the girl
from were the millers so yeah you know
now I tells my crush he doesn't she was
my crush that's the question I told him
good Eric garbage so I'm like he wants
he wants he wants his daughter's hand in
marriage but you know he was too scared
we're gonna meet again alright so we're
gonna call it a night
it's like 5:00 a.m. right now literally
five I look I'm proved to you as if I
before enough 504 a.m. right there see
it you see me right there so we're gonna
call it a night gonna see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace peace
member
