hi Rima I feeling better
mmm you are give me a handshake I missed
you so much everybody missed you so much
did you miss them yeah Baba yeah Baba
did you miss him a lot
nah give him a kiss
coz you haven't given me kisses so Rima
is starting to know you guys like she
already knows that she's like she she
got spotted now but so she knows that
she has like people that watch her and
stuff so that's why she's getting older
Rima don't get old Rima don't get old
please don't get old she's like I don't
know I'm gonna get old anyway two years
old is really annoying you asked yeah
see this is really not be three years
old houses how do you Rema how do
goodness so did you miss me a lot yeah
yeah you know what's wrong with you so
in a jolly mood relax girl give me five
give me five
psych psych Rima takes it to heart
whenever she takes it to her neva you
guys you first give me five hey she
takes it to higher like let me see I
never liked the SCOTUS I'm Sienna let me
see your hand your hand oh yeah look let
me see open Wow let me see me one look
real sit down smell it go get smelly let
me see smell your hand I go hey smell it
I got you peekaboo oh no what I did yes
I'm here oh no no you scare me see I've
been teaching me meant to be extra nice
and she is getting extra nice and since
you'd be nice you're gonna get a bueno
hey psych class my way no homie yo chill
assalamo no that's mine my bueno
I'm just joking nature's okay to it you
know wonder though hey guys this up
right now we're at John Jay College John
Jay College John Jay College a hey hey
when a class that nobody's in me slim
showed up something full shakes it up
look me in another avenue Marty we're
gonna be doing this I came here cuz
we're gonna be doing a Instagram video
I'm doing an Instagram video for me some
is doing Instagram video from his
Instagram shake is once again video
fazes you game and yeah we decided that
let's make three videos and let's make
you guys smile if you guys want to watch
it our instagrams will be below you guys
can watch it what are you man this is
Bob Williams I'm coming over the
holidays
I'm sorry we're too poor for my time my
son's education your economy immigrant
with your green card off like a dynamic
bigger oh brother wanna be back Oh what
I thought yeah so - again video involves
this like this bandana with once one
person has to wear it and shake is
scared to wear you know cuz he thinks
this is like this is kind of gang
related but it's not gang related if you
wear without saying any gang related so
I am not scared of anything
so what I'm not a problem I feel bitter
now okay where are you right now we're
recording the Instagram video video that
way I'm in the middle okay that you have
to move and I'm getting moved come this
way ready you ready all you ladies ready
- ready
oh so I'm done with my singing video
Slim's done with his a radar now we're
doing shakes
I don't do shakes cuz shake wants me to
be a girl in this issue that makes the
perfect girl I know I don't give me so
much hello very good
ah eligos why can't you be able huh I'm
going to be a girl and I'm saying yeah
it should be up tomorrow mine's gonna be
up tomorrow like five or six what times
I was gonna give to 105 six soup bar sex
to sweat with him is 5 6 - well I
suppose give me up around the same time
all three of us and hope you guys enjoy
it over brains up hey Daisy
so right now we're doing my Instagram
video and for for my one Adam has to be
a girl and unfortunately he doesn't like
that but yo dude Sarah he's out of it
white Sarah oh look at that look at that
but my name is not therapy call me sue
sue ha ha ha first so Maya oh you got
don't call me sir I don't like that name
yeah okay mother sue sue
you know Susan means it means piss ha ha
ha bola bola say well offer stuff you
don't know sue sue is actually a
beautiful nickname that my mom gave me
once - result yeah swerve ooh um pose
for me
Burmese back off now can we get this
Instagram video done with people my
darling you go girl you're looking fine
right now
thank you I'm not embarrassing I want
Joseph Connor to teach I'm sorry
boy with the video they only do this if
it's on camera it's not
right right hey great yes I so we just
finished at three Instagram video one of
my Instagram one on his Instagram when I
his it's jam so hope you guys enjoy a
whole brightens up your days and watch
it and it's a man on the flow if he ate
let me know I'm using you get run it run
it if you want it run it right if you
man on a blow I so I'm gonna call
somebody through the phone here this is
like Public Safety I'm trying to control
different order in the first time but
you're gonna listen a little which is
gonna be other okay hey yo your day me
to go outside like this
you wouldn't do a flick is a sauna you
won't do it I'll go to the most gangster
is gangsters guy I'd be like what up son
no I usually do a good let me board our
report here let me get shot
I don't need every night so far it's
going great I'm walking like this
we've seen some gangsters but this time
I'm approach gangsters and be like yo
heard you scrip you know I'm part of the
blood gang you know what it is yeah like
darling lil Wayne is it always my who
you know yeah I'm trying to get yourself
killed those no my son himself children
you don't say this gangster right here
is cold I'm gonna take on our Canadian
glove son she was you guys have a great
night and the other Canadian glove but
oh these Canadian gloves keep me extra
warm but no homey we got a man yeah
everything got me starting like Adam F
baby shut up what it is my name is a
sleazy call me a sleazy for sheezy man
easy-hold how already is oh hey this was
not my life Hades or a sleazy you guys
put it in the comments but put it in the
comments blow a name ain't this little a
sleazy I think a sleazy
tryna what it is they call me sweetie
alright oh he's just letting me right
here who's asleep
oh I'm just limiting me I'm here son
doing it no I don't like slim jims oh oh
oh okay mocha skin it GI you prep sir
but you crypt know it's a this is a
documentary from the blockade okay are
you quick now her dues bang for the sick
side what was the vein critics saying
sorry
he wasn't angling for the sticks local
documentary though I may take care yeah
see good read no caption oh okay
yeah I saw you banging out there with
snow dog in order you know six hours
this is a blood documentary sir are you
creeped or not because if you know we
have to fight it right now that's
Poornima no part of my set that's what
we got to do not do a poem what what
gang you in jail your wife in the gang
of life we all trying to survive I'm
trying to survive - you know what I'm
saying you know you want to be blood
oh you guys lose give me a kiss on cheek
right now and I'm here my gangstas sell
me sew it up so let's do it up raps and
girls whatever how much you already know
we get up that all right so where we go
and the gene your money pinky Venegas on
G so G G what I don't know I mean this
is a bigger update them on the on the
Shorty Awards thinking oh yeah sure
Awards right now I'm 6th place which
really sucks
what third place yeah we're on we need
to stay both of us we need to stay the
top or ten or 20 when top four top four
win so we go in third please guys vote
for me I mean I really need all help I
can get so below you guys you guys want
to vote for us and just keep us on the
top four alright guys so it's time to
wrap up this vlog hope you guys all
enjoyed this flag goes a fun day we're
gonna have three Instagram videos for
you guys today I hope you guys really
enjoy it and rimas back she's not sick
anymore hamdullah but I am actually not
feeling well my stomach is killing me
right now I don't know what the heck is
wrong but my stomach is seriously
killing me I couldn't even like I think
Shakespeare did to me shake got sick
yesterday I don't know he's a comment
question of the day does when somebody
gets a stomach virus or is that
contagious is it leaving the comments
below if it is I don't know because it
feels horrible it feels like like it
feels like it feels like I'm slowly
dying or something stuffable um I don't
know but just I don't know what's I
gonna continue our vlogs see you guys
tomorrow hope you guys enjoy everything
and hope you guys all have a great night
be safe take care and peace
by travelpod member
