hey guys what's up right now where I
Dunkin Donuts getting a coffee punches
on that we're gonna go to the gym and
work out you haven't worked out so long
and we just need to start getting back
to working out what's up cuz who paid
for the Jim Buckley and we barely even
go there so we have a contract for the
gym like no sources say that we're
forced to say that 12 months we can't
leave 12 months like I don't know it's
like they're forcing a workout yeah
we're gonna go there and we're gonna
work out and I'm gonna get my house back
okay so yeah it was going away because
he was too lazy to go work out so if we
didn't go back and I'm gonna get it back
which I'll lock and yeah I'm still
looking for a gym but if you guys are
still hiring I mean that guy's salary if
it is still long because my one here is
lazy so somebody here just hit me up yo
check ovaries again whenever at the only
time he works out extra hard is whenever
a girl passes by him he's like if it's
not was just me a visa oh man I'm so
tired let's just see come on it's just
going about come on we're here on
Twitter and Zayn Malik's barely on
Twitter he barely tweets and visa he's a
gangster I don't know why I tweeted that
boy tweeted he said ask me if I give him
a fucked up ask me what ask me if I give
up
like a man asking me if I give a mother
oh oh my goodness
Zayn Malik on well he must be really she
loves a mother's 12,000,000 and the high
five
seriously I don't get why he's in my
life is the lowest he deserves a lot
more father like 25 million feller oh
man
hello everyone my name is Comfort Eric
Jones and today we have a special guest
on our show he was walking around the
streets of New York so we decided to
interview him let's see how this goes
before we start what is your name
Islamic my name is Ali awkward Abdullah
Raja bin subji Chaudhary that is a long
but very nice name
where you from I am from luckily
Bangladesh Italy I'm from a small
village let me tell you how you get
there you go cross the river you going
to see a huge mountain go cross no she
don't
don't go CrossFit engines you go around
it and then you want to cross the forest
huge forest you go cross the forage and
then you were going to see a small
village you make a left on the first
bedroom make a left
I am from there it is so are we are you
married yes I am actually married to a
very beautiful woman custom bro she is
very hot but you know I actually wanted
to marry a second one but my first one
she was going crazy she bidding me she
yelling at me so I could not get a
second one
what okay so you're scared of your wife
what do you mean of course not funny
hello Jana yes I told you I'm coming I
know listen I am very sorry
okay no no please don't burn my biryani
don't ban it listen I mean I mean come
no come on go Oh denied okay I'm never
I'm never coming okay never coming late
again I'd sure okay okay thank thank you
so much yes I promise baby okay okay
okay okay I love this you know what she
was telling me she was telling you don't
come home late
who is she thinking she is she's telling
me not to come late you know what I did
I yelled at her right now
I told her don't tell me what to do she
said okay that is why I can't sit on and
hanged upon her thinking she is the boss
or something okay anyways hovering in
Bangladesh I am 44 but in America I'm 23
okay this is off topic but quality
papers
South Asia
does not have a name of the world do you
have anything to say against this verily
you did nonsense let me tell you
something
you know Bangladesh has a longest beach
in the whole wide world who is Miss
America right now it is an Indian girl
and also who is the world's youngest
Microsoft Certified Professional yes it
is a Pakistani girl okay and you are
telling me we have no name you you are
probably reading TMZ they always lie
TMZ must be TMZ those some very good
points my next question is what is
something that you want to do in the
future I want my son to have a better
wedding than my brother's daughter you
know what he did he's thinking he's
cooled by renting out some mansion and
having a huge shaadi and wedding and
thinking is cool but you know what I am
going to rent out the whole New York if
I have to and get my son best buddy all
right I got that noted um so that's all
the time you have for the interview is
there anything you like to tell the
audience Ali Akbar whatever your name is
yes I talk it to our audience okay that
is the end of the interview and also the
end of the vlog be sure to give this
video a thumbs up and go be dyani on the
likes and that's rap peace you know a
little bit dancing May I will show you
not bad yeah I just small preview free
of charge don't worry
