Remus sad right now she wants to go
outside but it's late outside we want to
go outside but it's too late outside I'm
sorry I give you chips tow-in cookies
hmm how much did you miss them a lot
Allah Allah look over here say Allah
Allah say bismillah al-rahman al-rahim
good c9 not gonna be sad anymore see
you're happy now right are you happy now
you are say smiles MC cheese cheese too
selfish gum flatfish
- laughing face he yeah do a ratchet
face mmm yeah I'm ratchet Thank You
ratchet you are everybody knows you're
you want these cookies get in the kiss I
haven't given remo I'm gonna miss you
I'm gonna be gone again I'm going to
Michigan tomorrow yeah I'm gonna stay
there for 16 days maybe 16 these are you
gonna miss me yeah you miss out stop
okay stop doing that when I was going
Remo we might told you boy knows gone
don't say that then yeah I'm sad Windows
come on yeah damn look at the dance get
up and answer come
hmm you wanna dance now yeah
get up in there look nonetheless that's
right there go oh you just popped the
chip stream on what did you do all right
so I decided before I go to Michigan
tomorrow me shake I want to go see the
homies meet opal slim right now
all the guys they're there but I want
them to see me when to run over though
ah listy of order for a threesome Ola
first I was like
okay that's still Oh
if you have a city for a longer I hold
Amador
oh so I see a guy wearing a Miley Cyrus
outfit yeah your mighty Cyrus what well
OH
kill him thousand me so how much did you
miss me
there's a lie damn you're gonna Wow
you know soon I'm seeing him after so
long and then I'm gonna have to we're
going back to Detroit tomorrow for a
good 15 days more than that and that is
without Chandler on it and then and then
we're gonna come back and that's Toronto
it's like back to back but uh yeah won't
miss you give me come on come on let's
get yard ok daddy a hug me watch I'm so
the home is salt just came through
we made up all the homies and so we go
to Detroit tomorrow and Michigan didn't
miss you guys so much cuz we're gonna be
there for a street like how I'm gonna be
like 16 days in 1515 days yeah so salt
you gotta josma see you gotta jump some
bars you got to get a sink down a walk
come on same man last thing for us a
little bit at least before before you go
out I want to kill you
did you not hear the figure you see if
you might not ready say general please
bucko so classic you gonna sing for me
he's gonna secure even Nassau and miss
out the show that's a better go oh you
can see - ah everybody's our personal
but if hatin alleviate get some meat
right of them you make an intial a city
so famous I can be with Evelyn if seek a
solid future banana take kumo both Hardy
hola Mila hi Kimmy
the citizens oh wait gentlemen Ella's
not Allison I don't think an RV now go
Oh Monica see this whoa every day I'm
here with the homie what's he looking at
me
what
Oh
taking a picture with Tori
got my night
why you are not answering your messages
oh my god
well yeah with messages my hand why are
you doing this with a B then why
okay hey guys time to do something
the German invested of the United States
invited us to America and only to
Detroit attorney to Washington and only
to mark Carolina and then I talked to
myself this man was my inspiration why I
made my youtube channel ah whatever you
saw it I also made me the most oh yeah
enjoy it really yeah oh my god to see
the pleasure as a knife in a Muslim in
German yeah and then I spoke to myself
Panasonic s in New York and my
subscribers loved you my dear and then I
said to myself I have to go to New York
so I paid 300 euro just to see you know
like alright and I was taking you why is
in Chicago is going today I mean you
were in Dubai I said this man aspired me
to make my own channel it's called I'm
YouTube channel for all the German guys
to follow others all that follow me I
going to translate all the videos in
English also show some team a sale of
check it out
remember go Turkey lucky star brothers
are doing
mama gobo yeah welcome back and happy
belated
to celebrate your birthday over okay
about our birth mother this is full
month Queen unsourced whole years or
another here's your birthday everyday
birthday now so today we're celebrating
his birthday in the city whoa
we are beside some Okinawa
we was in this journey to go to LA we
had this so much mark yeah I don't
belong in this journey so ok suicide but
now how dare you go to Detroit Michigan
without us man I have to me unless you
want to come to is my luggage go inside
my bag isn't a cynic you guys in Toronto
Toronto Toronto you gonna be able to run
to after a pitch I'm going to run off
all of us we're gonna lose extreme is
coming from do you want to go throught
oh I'm down me down we are on toe to run
over there push the next month June 28th
so we'll be over there
see you guys in can Canada Canadians
they're really nice sweet oh I'm gonna
miss you we're believers this is new
many kids they have what's that hey okay
somebody do it do it like
are you running in the area hi guys it's
time to wrap up this flag hope you all
enjoy flag I know you guys missed this
wall so much I missed it too
but it is gonna be gone for another 16
days we are heading to Michigan tomorrow
literally right now while you're
watching this we'll probably just got to
Michigan because we are landing in
Michigan at 3:10 p.m. I'm so excited
this is our first movie we are going to
be in is something so huge for true
story I say thank you all so much for
all the love and support truly means a
lot all the thumbs-up you guys give all
the comments all the tweets all the
likes all the everything you guys do for
us it truly means a lot this is what
helps us you know comes to where we are
and you guys even tweet people who are
with millions of followers and you know
tell them about us and they know about
us and then they want us so it truly
means the world to us we're gonna take
you guys on this journey for this film
that we are going to be in and take you
guys and show us how everything goes and
show you how everything goes not show us
so I hope you all have a great night a
great day or a great afternoon we'll see
you guys tomorrow with another AAA daily
vlogs take care I love you all domi gang
team SI and peace make sure you guys
give this flag a thumbs up if you watch
this vlog tool and if you're watching
this vlog right now until the end like
watched it make sure you guys you know
give the flag thumbs up and give
yourself big kiss
member
