hey guys what's up and do me gank I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so far I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day doobie gang
this is my last few minutes here in
Dubai Dubai I just want to say thank you
guys so much for showing so much love it
is always so amazing coming here but I
am out right now back home it'll be my
last day at home I think tomorrow and
then I'm officially moving out and
surprising my family with the house that
I got in New York City Dubai I'll see
you guys in 2018 2019 I don't know one
but until next time I'm gonna miss you
too bye I love you too blur I love you
guys peace in the Middle East this is my
dad's bag you can owns my dad's bag
because he puts this so you can notice
it it comes out of baggage claim only
ours man and then they write their name
and stuff look ma I said in Arabic but
that is crazy seriously I'm running late
right now as usual Naz is downstairs
we're flying together to Paris I'm
heading to New York and he's heading to
London we are do me gang we just got to
the airport we got these right here and
Dubai they give these out for free in
New York City you need to put your card
and pay like seven dollars to get one of
these
Oh Dakin so we've been to Pakistan we've
been to India
the next place we got to go to his
Bangladesh his home city with your
hometown your home guys I'm getting mr.
fast food here in the Middle East tastes
so much better so much more clean the
festival here it's considered like you
know the Pope no look at this look at
that
hello Haram everything about you is
Haram this is a lonely day
all right guys running late but not
wants to get doughnuts you may be so bad
huh you make me sound so fat to be a new
bloke bro I didn't want doughnuts but
it's just what you say we're running
late let's once it's done it's okay
because you always want to get you don't
as well and every time I eat I know it's
like even smoother now see the fingers
did you know I eat mr. bufferton me
every guy wants doughnuts my G we're
gonna be laying down in bed I love food
throwing allowance and doughnuts you
know can I go on the smiley face one hi
guys I just got to my seat in the plane
I'm heading to I have another flight
after another eight-hour flight
I'm so tired I'm in like nine guys I'm
always parents and I need to spit in
I hit him up in the channel instead of
talking to him down there not since 14
what he's trying to check except he's
trying to chat with me look except I
just accepted Naz you know
oh yeah
dumi gang we just landed in Paris I'm so
so tired we're in the lounge right now
I'm heading to New York City Naz is
heading to London the next time we're
meeting isn't wait for the quake shows
he might be changing to stand there
tickets to VIP ticket so if anyone wants
to be happy tickets stay tuned for that
and it's only limited VIP tickets to
make sure you guys get your tickets a
new beginning so not just left to London
I'm here have a two-hour wait I'm about
to take a shower
because I haven't take a shower for a
day and a half yes it didn't have
without a shower oh my god
I'm just joking so small good this is so
awkward because there's so many people
waiting outside but I'm gonna give it
down taking my sweet time I just got a
shower I need to fly together see you
guys in New York City edit go to sleep
Steve next up I just landed in New York
City I didn't really want to vlog in the
airport of Paris because the people
there are so so awkward I'm sorry but
I'm gonna be straight up with French
people you guys are crazy like I thought
Americans were like Road and stuff but
French people you guys are crazy
that just got in the taxi I couldn't
continue vlogging there because security
came I missed and was I have been here
for two years so years man I can't
believe I haven't been here for two
whole years man who's the president out
I don't know what's his name Trump oh my
god man okay do me gang I'm finally home
oh my god it seems so quiet here so I'm
gonna look for everyone right now what
the heck is everyone Bob I'm home
I was here Baba hello Rima Mawson hello
do me gang no one's here what the heck
Mawson Rima Oh guys looks like a lovey
name in the morning I believe Rima and
moss in there stone school and my mama
and Baba I believe they're outside
shopping or something and getting ready
because we are moving out real real soon
to be gay the sun is shining right now
in New York City they already know what
it means when the sun is shining that
means a lot of positive things are gonna
happen to shell lucky shining keep
shining shine bright like a diamond
Oh keep shining shiny shiny shiny shiny
shiny shiny do me gang while everyone is
watching this I'm gonna keep this
unedited I'm not gonna take out any part
because I need to update you guys on
literally everything there's a lot to
update you guys because in the next few
days there's gonna be a lot of big
things happening we're moving you guys
are gonna see the new Adams family house
everyone in my crib right now they're
literally packing this stuff getting
ready to leave I haven't packed nothing
but I'm ready to pack tonight and leave
tomorrow or the day after tomorrow so
the first thing I want to say a doobie
gang is thank you guys so much
congratulations
we're finally moving to the new Adams
family house I will give you guys the
exact date and the exact time the video
will be up I'm working on an
inspirational dope video for you guys so
I can upload it because as you guys know
I've been through so much in my life and
I've always wanted to give you guys this
big big confession that I've never ever
made and I've never even I've never even
told this confess it's so big that I've
never even told this confession to even
my own best friend slim and slim doesn't
even know nothing about it him finding
this out right now I don't know if he's
gonna see this video in there but him
find this out he might think like what
the hell Adam why didn't you tell me
this confession but it's a big big
confession and it's
thing that like I don't know how to
explain a man it's something I need to
move out to the big house that we're
going to the new Addams Family house to
give this confession and it's just oh my
god I don't know how to explain it you
guys do not understand I really want to
let it out but I want to wait a couple
days because I wanna you know make an
inspirational video first moving into
the house I want to show my last day
here and then a couple days later I'm
gonna tell you guys the confession and
literally tell you guys everything I
would even tell my own best friend my
cousin slim in his face and I let him
know like look I'm so sorry that I
haven't told you all this for like six
years but I'm gonna have to tell you
this right now and to be honest it might
be something really really dumb because
I know slim and I know you guys will
definitely accept me and you guys are
gonna be like Oh what the heck that's it
but it's just something that I've been
that I haven't said I told you guys even
like last year two years ago and I was
working on getting the house that I've
always had a confession that I need to
make for you guys and let you guys know
in this confession not even I told you
guys not even my own best friend slim I
see this do it every single day I see
him more than I see my family we'll just
keep that aside of dooming yang for now
we're gonna work on moving out having my
last day here and then showing you guys
a whole dope inspirational video that
I'm gonna make surprising my family with
the new house and then i'ma give you
guys an exclusive tour of the Adams
family house I believe my brother is
there right now he's working on a couple
stuff there's a whole floor in the house
that's gonna be for me and I believe
they're like fixing everything in my
floor because my floor they started off
from scratch but the other two floors
already done their Eddie finished we
still haven't gotten furniture but don't
worry do me hang with in time we're
gonna get it soon and it's just I know
it's like a big step I'm really nervous
and it's something like oh man it's a
big step for me guys you guys do not
understand having a house in New York
City at the age of 24 is not as easy as
it looks it's a big achievement from
your due me I'm so so happy it seriously
made my day but right now I'm sorry I'm
gonna have to change the mood a little
bit but I need to speak to you guys
about my father baba sali oh wait hold
up let me show you guys a picture of my
dad when he was 16 years old I can't
show you guys right now I don't know
some of you guys might have seen it
before I uploaded it maybe like years
years back but I show you guys right now
holla hola how about wait a minute this
whole thing right here this whole frame
and stuff it's ancient my dad had this
for over 40 years this thing right here
is older than
all of us right now I'm gonna show you a
picture of my dad when he was 16 years
old and then imma show you guys a
picture of my dad right now because he
fell down the stairs and got two black
eyes I didn't really want to show you
guys this picture yesterday because I
felt like I don't know I didn't want to
show you my dad with two black eyes but
he's um I see him like tomorrow the day
after so you guys are gonna see him
anyways with two black guys in doobie
gang this is my dad when he was 16 years
old he's always bragging be like oh my
goodness I used to get all the ladies
your mother she loved me so so much
she's to chase me everywhere she's to
want me all my goodness but this is
bhava Saleh
this is ancient man this is crazy that's
Baba Saheb Abu Saleh is a legend my dad
is seriously a legend but this is my dad
right now and seeing this picture my
brothers and my family didn't want to
tell me about this they told me like a
couple days later that he fell down the
stairs because they didn't really want
to ruin my whole trip and do buying
stuff but this is my dad right now this
is him right now he's as strong he's a
champ my dad seriously a chat man he
fell down the stairs I think he was
unconscious for big he's bleeding all
over like my whole you guys don't stay
in the situation my family went through
they literally thought he was gone
because he was laying down on the floor
just all bloody
but hamdullah he is good thank you guys
so much for your prayers thank you to
every radio station that I've been
getting interviewed on they always
mentioned my dad and pray for my dad I
appreciate you guys it means the world
like my dad is man I don't want to say
too much as a thing man tomorrow or the
day after tomorrow when I surprised my
family I'm gonna do an inspirational
dope video telling you guys my whole
life story and then surprising my family
with the whole you know with the whole
house is stuff imma I'm excited I don't
know what else to say
I had a been looking like crap all day
I've been wearing the same thing I had a
21 whole hour flight I landed in New
York City I'm ready to move out this
freakin crib I've been here since I was
3 years old
Mawson is gonna have a whole new chapter
because he's 3 years old and he's gonna
be in the new house so I'm up yeah do me
I and i'ma tell the confession to Stan
see you guys Slim has no clue like I
might even I might even like I might
even break down selling some because I
don't know I feel guilty I was just too
SH I guess I was too ashamed to tell him
I stuff like that but um I hope you guys
understand and I'm once I got settled in
the house I will let you guys know my
confession and everything I'm uh yeah
it's chapter 3 now Juvia
is there a chapter - no it's chapter 3
now Juliet with the new house the new
vlogs the new video is gonna be insane
I'm telling you guys don't pranks don't
blogs dope surprises I love you guys to
do me again if you guys enjoyed this
vlog and if you guys already make sure
you guys thumbs up this video do me a
thumbs up this video if you guys are
ready and I'm yeah beacon ready let's do
it oh my god a circle is so small cuz I
got a good I was the fake ones
me and slammed on hated out the hood but
we still some hoodlums smiles all around
