hey guys what's up we are back in John
Jay College because it opened and we can
go in here so let's go go go we have
some time to talk about you know what
today's it's not even some time today
the day we reached a hundred case of ska
you probably got it right you finally
got our last seven 100 videos you had
then you forgot yesterday today we reach
100k on deal in bugs 100,000 subscribers
and a save lives and almost 400,000
subscribers on true story a channel and
to know that 100,000 people to know that
100,000 people subscribe to us on a vlog
Channel that watch us every day is just
amazing and it's a good feeling to us it
makes us want to do it even more every
day and this has become like a part of
our life what are you doing
so this 100k they are now a part of our
family like every day when we vlog we
show you our daily lifestyle and you
know now that they're joining this
lifestyle they're joining this family
and you know I feel blessed to be the
entertain we feel blessed to be the
entertaining with you guys and you know
we from the bottom of my heart the
bottom our hearts because I don't know
he's feeling I'm not having filled but
from the bottom of my heart and I've
searched for the bottom I please see he
hisses from down there - from here so so
from bottom our heart we want to thank
you for getting us this far and to show
a lot more to come
and yeah we have a lot of fun making
these daily vlogs it's become like a
part of our life as I said alright guys
so you guys if you guys didn't know
Justin ASD blogs has reached over a
hundred thousand subscribers today so in
celebration I want you guys you don't
care excuse me James get out of class
right now I'll saddle Kudo you too Emily
wait that's a guy you Tolly get up I'm
sorry I'm Samsung
that's right anywho I want you guys to
write an essay on true story si and what
do you guys think of them and this
should be due next week all you know si
I know si sir Barney can you stop
my name is Barney call me be the first
yes 90% so ah you see I should've done
it when goodnesses distance it's
actually my first year doing be
professor so going to the customer
7:05 years it's about 20 minutes ago
soon as you're coming in but you have
two last names actually I want to see
you here
I didn't give you my buddy should I come
professor Adams what's your favorite
class over Travis Lee this way well
yours your class if anything is not yes
but you're young like your professor
that I'm student your class I mean it
should be fun because I've gone with you
guys coming same age as me help us yes I
am 25 she's always always just 1 to 24 I
just got my degree but last year so I
went to NYU then I transferred back to
colonial or SP now I used to go to
Vietnam a sec nice teacher there unloved
why you think so what you guys want we
have a mod like after class we always
have like that you know
presentation of torquing you guys know
what's working working well I just
learned this work uh is it a type of
dance twerking is a type of dance like
me Miley Cyrus I'm a yes but my side
yeah she's been very bad not meet you
yet we have always a presentation to
twerk so I teach my students to like
twerk and stuff but yeah but it's not
let's start off with the torquing
presentation nothing
so fast I mean it's 10 minutes to
classroom so with the torque capacity I
could teach you guys if you guys won
okay huh okay well if you have this bet
in America I know this not that bad
America's pretty much is actually a
really good workout so if you try like
twerking as this is a really good
workout so robotic even cheap off your
butt
I mean men women like men with muscular
butt right let's do this oh I'm so sorry
really bad person like maybe the
bathroom shows are now we're talking
about mouth is actually just excuse to
like all the presses are all that stuff
and I was like back to this word No
just ready for them all the racing
stripe data and economics
yeah um what's your name ah can you go
up and just write two sentences about
yourself
Justin tonight is right like two
sentences about yourself sorry that I'm
not able to probably get one sentence
you'll see what it also is coming
now I was right just just write down two
sentences of what you like about
yourself you to write it right in the
bottom sugarless thank you yeah at the
end the past
anybody who once you do like
presentations I got working itself is
actually I'm really good workout so you
guys want to do it I mean it's like in
the gym they do a thing Yoga is like
meditation wasn't it done garbled
message as a mission
I hate the whole night too much candy
come in real close touch Adams that
money money
I'm not even high I'm sillas yes I was
getting up to protect the garden the
problem we got anything of presents
which she bakes like only old professors
only fresco other was working in
unbelievable so that's why you would
argue tortilla that's when I know she
was telling me we was showing you what
does mean I'll show ya my good when
she's calling
you're not because we chose we decided
about five minutes guys so I think I've
changed you know I'm trying to senses
letras out of nowhere I know it's easy
feeling so here why was surprising them
young I don't believe it I have a beard
I'm going to sunshine just about
yourself no buyer the origin
I so we just got at the class I had to
run out because the
so it's questioning me he was like why
was he was impersonating professors I
was gonna I just lost my phone let's
take my phone now love cuz I'm not even
allowed to be in John Jay College I'm
here it's because you it was so funny
because everybody fell for they really
thought I was a professor they they
wrote down his name that I confess that
the no we couldn't we couldn't do our
video which I do our 100,000th every
video but now we can't do it because
there was a class in there and that's
what why the I had to pretend I was
professor but Stacey guys thank you guys
so much for the loan support on the AC
vlog Channel from thumbs something up
the videos for commenting the managers
and I think that most would say it is a
day to be giving our videos thumbs up
okay I'm sorry mr. john jay college
college birthday but yeah we um yeah
thank you guys a lot we truly appreciate
it and yeah thank you I got so we got
some bad news and it is we are not going
to be performing in Chicago anymore
because of a lot of technical
difficulties slash issues slash stuff
that I don't really want to talk about
we were looking forward to go to Chicago
like Brewer was going to be our first
show for 2014 we're so like high
provider and everything so I'm sorry to
everybody who lives around it what's
gonna come and wanted to see us perform
but yeah we'll be there hopefully soon
inshallah and I don't know pretty sad
because I want you to go but look on the
bright side we hit 100,000 subscribers
on our live channel thank you so much
and we will be having a lot more other
shows and events and yeah it'll be a lot
of other different cities that we have
to focus on so we will focus on those
and we do have a lot of stuff that we're
going to perform neat shape and it's
going to be something really really
hilarious just like it's like the
performance the performance is going to
be the best part so yeah hopefully you
guys get to
performance one day so wrap up the vlog
here so I hope you guys take care and be
safe
thumbs up for 100,000 subscribers and
thank you guys so much everything we'll
see you guys tomorrow and
