hey guys what's up right now is a chilly
day here in New York City I'm waiting
for shake I have a seen her for about
probably like 10 days and he is running
late nothing has changed he's late I'm
early
oh my god shake is it obvious it was oh
my brother
oh I miss you Villa ha ha ha I didn't
did you all I have you're like we
missing me all up there you're busy so
very good like I love you it's even a
yeah shake how much did you miss him
this much I miss you so much miss ly
your handle this much
Plus as much
I miss them a lot I've ever seen a baby
though no he loved to Virginia
Washington DC with them I miss him so
much
Julian thank you thank you very much
we're best friends together now you guys
don't know we'll be in Anaheim
California sorry sir
yeah what's up I don't I do it love it
you guys don't know we're gonna be in
Anaheim California May 31st within this
week early Saturday Saturday it is near
La probably 30 minutes from LA we're
gonna be performing there in the echo if
you want to get tickets there down below
so the link will be down below we're
gonna have a meeting greet there we can
have all the you know special offers so
you really come through Muslim or
non-muslim where you come through you
deserve just met up with the homey slim
haven't seen him in a minute
how long I know man how is it - I sorry
if I come back you guys give too much
big shot to get it really right I saw
your bag my mister Chuo look I know man
I miss you guys so much this we got Ben
I made like this poo spot look at works
there I'm a president I stole something
let's see what he does
this orange slide
he's over
I miss your oranges huh can I keep it
for free no no I'm just joking Thanks
thank you he's trying to give it a fifth
free thank you so much reason uh he's a
nice guy
put it back it's a real nice guy hi Rima
haha hi Ivan hi Reema
hi Ivan I missed you weekend I missed
you more liaison
okay so I'm teaching Reema her colors
and I'm teaching a little about little
and she's actually you know doing a good
job
Reema what is this say blue hey green oh
very good and this give me five really
did a good job
you knew it you have a big high fives
that's good okay what is this Remo Oh
what is this no no no what is this
okay this is blue this is green right
what is this Reema yeah very good what
is this high five everybody did a good
job it's green yeah Lucas they got kiss
vehicles so what were you doing when I
was here huh what are you doing when I
was here huh hey my heart what happened
to your head
well he knows my hat Adam what my hat no
it's my we must say thank you to
everybody already in and to Bay do me
and man oh man oh man
400 the gifts yes
I love you hey Bill give them because so
I say give me because I said give them
big kiss hey big ditch ligament Bernie
give him a big kiss with it
okay okay look bigger bigger bigger
bigger bigger bigger back up back up
back up back up back the cheese eat the
cheese eat money and three and mindful
that I love bill Rosie and three and
month
roll back let bill I got so right now in
front of the supermarket we just like
stole these chairs and sat down we're
thinking about a rent to do so when you
guys want to rant about want to talk
about something never done or do a rant
for a while and so we decided we're
gonna say a thoughts about Zayn Malik
and Louis Tomlinson of One Direction
smoking as they are watching the video
it is told the media says that it is
weed and yeah we're gonna just stay at
BOTS whenever somebody famous does
something so bad they end up just blast
in it you know everywhere which i think
is really wrong because they should show
you know the positive things you know
when people do positive things I think
that should be on the media instead of
showing the bad sides of people I mean
if you show the bad side you should show
the good sides also I think we should
say our thoughts once about verse the
reason they do this kind of stuff man is
because you know these cut these types
of clothes way more borrow so I guess
that's why they do something to make
more money no they don't look a lot do
people think this is care about making
like viral news and this type of stuff
will go viral with more people check it
out you know he was doing it but I think
that Zayn he shouldn't be I mean he
everybody makes mistakes you know like
he's that exact perfect guy like I said
but the thing is I don't exam I should
have done that because he has a lot of
little kids looking up to him
yes fifteen year old sister knows who
looks up to men that he's Darren he's
dispersion of many people so and if he
starts smoking and stuff it's gonna like
you know he's gonna give a bad image and
these are not make him look banners and
I make his fans think wrong like now
he's a miracle ZeniMax did it why can I
do it never as we said you know not
everyone is perfect everybody makes
mistakes you cannot just like hate
somebody for one mistake that they did
or anything no I'm not saying I hate him
yeah girls can't jump here I feel like
he's still young he's so you know he's
about 21 years old anything so
and all I'm thinking is I don't know
like the video and watch the video all
the thing about the camera quality for
Louie Louie Thomas me he's a millionaire
the camera car looks like he took her
with a calculator calculator I don't
know Jerry quarry silly goose yeah what
Louie I'm just wondering Louie was
recording the video right Louie was
according to video it looked like was
being recorded with a cat it was bad
quality and I just I don't know how was
it leaked did Louie like Matisse that's
so high that he just gave it out with
something of Yemen the estimate I mean
if you guys know dude just kind of
stupid stuff
this shouldn't record it you know and I
even a recorded as you keep between them
a national like yeah sicko saying
listen it's inside it from Virginia oh
so they are beside us from Virginia have
some it is I am saved
excuse me sir they're laughing at me
they're laughing it is the object side
Parishad says celebrities they have
names you know people's looking up to
them
the everyone is gonna look if they make
a mistake once they make mistake
they get their lives in the ruin so what
what celebrity shouldn't do addition to
increase your brother
the shade cage I finish girls good I say
everybody should be my brother
mother mother like this you do anything
dumb because once they do something dumb
the media the critics everyone is gonna
judge them automatically on that so yeah
celebrity they have the advice of what
they do and show law they don't know
missus you have to know what their
leathery
- so they make a mistake they're not
perfect - they'd already say they're
perfect
all right the media and critics are
looking to make sure the immigrants if
we make a mistake no wonder the carro de
minimus a well so let's give up me a
vowel lose Megiddo get on that's all
well I mean one cares about hopefully
that hopefully is like I'm in aa I've
ever gotten two months you're at today
that another Rosalee good excuse me sir
you're laughing at me
telling you don't care stay out of there
laughing and chatting good I love use a
melon juice
a little more though we're gonna see
this on right I love man nah nah man to
midnight
Oh baby you and me soggy snow street Hey
yes I guess tonight night night night
night night night
wait a minute Oh huge shout-outs
animalic family he was so cool he shout
out to William Alec stuff I'm Alec
Donnie I'm Alec a Russa Malik is Irish
Malik
Sascha Malik you guys are amazing I'm
mr. Shaikh Malik anybody you know
he shout-out to you guys you guys are
cool
I'm on my back pocket hopefully when we
go to London we'll see you guys here and
if you guys continue honestly I kind of
stopped a car on boys yeah honest love
will show you that this is like the de
todo something oh I'm sorry
I don't love it so I don't chili I'll
give another yeah I think we're I think
we're about done here brother just
embarrassed but done but I think we're
done
oh how about this listen person each
other I'm Celina Busse a senior I'm Adam
I'm shake I'm - shake Adam slim go ready
set go
they were father alright guys gone
thumbs up and go Brioni on the likes
please yeah Chucky here's my cat caramel
so I lost my hamster chocolate I also
lost my cat bueno
she doesn't love it
I am bitch what I keep saying I will be
there to see
ladies and gentlemen live from Queens
we've all go out there you know my right
we have the motion
so I left it down out a matter get about
to be Amy what's gonna go oh
I got Scott's coming with you fish again
me pizza hi guys it's time to wrap up
this black hope you all enjoyed this
light if you did make sure you guys get
this like a thumbs up and go Turkey
it truly means a lot that you guys enjoy
AC daily vlogs and you guys you know you
know feel proud or feel more your data's
more brightened when you watch our new
vlogs I just know it's amazing feeling
know you guys enjoy it and watch it
every single day and look forward to it
once again we are going to be in Anaheim
California Saturday performing the link
is down below to get tickets what makes
you all comfortable
I can't wait to me you all is going to
be our first time performing in
California so I'll see you all there and
after that we're going to be filming for
our movie that we're going to be
featured in and we're going to take you
guys all with us just how it's you guys
with us to debate to a man now we'll
take you guys to California then Detroit
then Toronto and many more destinations
to come so we'll let you guys know once
they are all confirmed this is the start
tour thank you guys so much I love you
guys I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another ACLU vlogs take care I love you
and
