hey guys what's up this is Adam for true
story they say right now I'm here in
Dubai I noticed here my time here in
Dubai there was a lot of workers that
work really hard from the day tonight so
right now we decided to go this and pool
visit some drinks and snacks and you
know give it to them hopefully you can
make the day or make them smile and
hopefully this video can inspire people
to do the same
haha
I swim I love
it's 2:30 right now nobody works right
now for 1 to 4 o'clock because they give
them a break to make a cool up very nice
so we're gonna give them for their hard
work because without them these big
buildings would exist or anything so
what's
yes
show
look
they'll come
I just wanted to say thank you Amara
Thank You chef thank you share Khalifa
for inviting me they get to all the
Amada teas Amadas has been nothing but
the best for us you know they made me so
proud of being Muslim and being Arab but
there is poor people in every country
and you know these workers in Dubai they
are living in an excellent condition
they are happy to be working you know
helping out the community it was just an
amazing feeling you know to give them
for all the hard work that I've done and
this vlog was to show to the people
around the world that you know they
always have to give always give back
always help people you know it doesn't
matter what it is doesn't matter how
much of an amount it is you know when
people see you doing that it'll inspire
them to do more so imagine if many many
more people do what you do and that
continues like a chain and that shake
can be so big which can help the whole
world so I always think about that thank
you guys so much I love you I'm gonna do
by airport I'm heading back to New York
I'm getting mr.bai so much I'm gonna
miss I'm on so much I'm gonna miss the
Middle East so much I love you guys so
much everybody who I met - everybody who
was there you guys were amazing
seriously you guys have changed my life
from the bottom of my heart you guys
changed my life I love you guys so much
thank you guys for the love support it
truly means the world and I can't do
anything without you guys thank you guys
for everything gonna agree with you yeah
yeah - touch screen to help you navigate
what the heck you're not human
she's crazier what's your name - Emily
I'm Ellie nice and Maddy where did you
see me at hello huh on the screen you
saw me on the scale are nice nice and
good bye you guys change my life why
it's really nice very nice an amazing
amazing country I like it a lot - I'm
heading to New York right now so pitch
fit
I got a 13-hour flight all alone so I
got me some snacks gonna chill relax and
I'll see you guys in New York
there's like thousands of bags I'd even
know which one is mine he didn't take
admission to look for it like all these
are bags oh my god
30 minutes later I finally found my
luggage finally in New York I'm good at
Islamic the long long trip Tom just
happy to see family I miss the Vice so
much I miss oh man so much New York I am
finally back home in New York City and I
feel so happy right now because once I
got home my whole family was proud of me
and it was just an amazing feeling
although many more success to come and
I'll make you all proud to make my
family even more proud so thank you guys
for all the love support as I came here
I seen Rema Rema just pulled me and she
wanted me to take her outside so I took
us out for a little walk we came back
and I have some bad news so I went
inside my room I was looking around in
my room for bueno and I really didn't
know how to say this on Twitter it's any
of you guys so I decided just say it and
vlog like that because too long and
bueno wasn't there don't worry nothing
bad happened to my anything my mom is
allergic to cats so while I was out in
the bay she was feeding it you know
playing with in everything but she's
alerted to it so she gave it away when I
was out in the bay to one of her friends
it is a safe condition she gave it
somebody who loves loves cats so I know
Beunos gonna be living a happy happy
life and I'm happy for that I'm just so
sad because I miss my hobby boob I know
he was like my son and and Rima misses
him so much to him really misses him
more than me and Rima does even know the
news yet she's been going around my room
asking where's the cat where's the cat
born always bueno and my whole family
hasn't even told her yet so so I'm gonna
have to tell Rima straight up that the
cat is gone and it is not here with us
anymore and I'm not looking forward to
seeing grooms reaction because I know
she's gonna be really sad but I guess
everything happens for a reason I'm
gonna miss you bueno so much and now I
have to tell Rima about it you were the
cast my here no more I only have a
Campbell No
we want to say is your cut
well mama she gave it she gave it to her
friend don't worry she has a cat she has
a friend for her so when I was in a
better place now okay
you
you
he's gone Remo almost said she's
allergic to it and she gave away to her
friend Rima
you okay BMO you said are you happy are
you I don't know
and yeah the only thing we have now is a
pet huh you want Ken Gina yes you want
candy
hi guys it's time to wrap up this flag
hope you all enjoy this vlog if you did
make sure you guys get the vlog a thumbs
up and go Turkey
thank you all to everybody who always
gives up like a thumbs up I'm sorry this
flag at the end you know in a really bad
news kind of way still hope you guys
liked this vlog I want to give you a
huge birthday shout out to Lou Jane and
a huge British shot up to Deena mohabbat
Adina happy birthday Deena and happy
birthday Lou Jane I love you both so
much I will be seeing shaking the boys
tomorrow I haven't seen shake for so
long so I'm so excited to see him I hope
you all have a great day and a great
night I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care I love you and peace
