you
haha Rima I'm miss you Rema Rema miss
you I love you Rima I love you Rima no I
love you Rima I miss you where are you
yeah where come come again
yes Rima come were you mean yeah I love
you I miss you more oh I miss you more
you want to go home I'm gonna go home
soon Rima man come come come you want to
come yeah hey guys what's up right now
we're on our way to Muscat my man and
I'm so excited my first time over there
and it's gonna be an amazing time
can't wait to Mew all we have about
maybe 3 4 hour drive should be good and
we are on a mission you know why because
I'm such an idiot
I put my I was washing my clothes and my
passport was in my pocket and I washed
my passport so I'm seriously out of my
mind right now I'm so scared if when we
go through customs
- oh man I want to go through customs in
America if they can I just send me back
to the bay and or or something I don't
know it's gonna I'm so scared right now
my passport is literally like crumpled
up we're gonna pass through the deserts
and stuff and look amazing
young Muslims among Russia's picking
Lemnos thematic the machete we look to
my get a better feeling than I do is my
nigga but like you know what is coming
in the middle for its there's part of
what death is in the middle of the race
so we'll have to
words that will test robot and then
we'll go back to words then we'll go
back to one so let's like a border is
like a triangle border that that where
come on is that and the highway goes
straight like that so we have to go
through come on go out back to the
tomorrow to go back in Oman so it's like
a whole mission but it's fun it's really
really cool like exploring those travels
try so this is my friends passport and
this is how we'll look how mine looked
before literally brand-new and now my
after went through the washing machine
it looks like this this is mine right
now
it looked worse way worse before right
now looks ten times better it was
literally crumbled and everything I got
so we finally got our visas from Oman
and we're in Oman right now something
crazy happen the line was literally so
huge it was like about two hundred
people in there and it would be a
two-hour wait food and we don't want
late would have been late but a huge
thank you to head I don't know what he
did or anything mashallah but he
contacted somebody and I don't know
something with the with the with the B
cells or headquarters or something like
that and we literally got our visas in
like a minute
then we just left through Muscat Oman is
right here and we are right there we're
like halfway through should be there in
another how long like
two and a half hours we should be there
Angela will be staying for a night and
I'm man this place is beautiful
what's up I don't go in hope hundreds
Lama we just finally got here - a man
Muscat we are probably one hour the meet
and greet is gonna happen and we're
running I don't know if I'm running kind
of late but I shouldn't be fine because
have like 10 15 minutes away from here
so peacefully I love it I love visiting
these Arab countries in the Middle East
is just amazing you know it's the places
are amazing needing you guys are amazing
and yeah hi I do okay and one thing is I
can't bother people the same thing as
America cuz I don't know it's awkward
for other people
Wow and man hi hi
I can't with some different Middle
Eastern countries people worry different
stuff you know different types of
copious different types of you know a
fobs and stuff it's an amazing
experience with all this and just truly
means a lot
this is the starts or many more to come
trouble I'm me and I'm chillin I'm
heading okay it goes that lazy huh my
name is Amy's me she shot it too many
homie used to be garvik good daddy me
boy from I'm from India India nice and
you speak Arabic yeah
backe out of mine stick clean everything
I'm below Salama and a sound I should go
and check it kippa hot Oh Angela I'm in
well annoying it gasps and Tammy wait
address tonight keep an entire issue
should I come so much with this pain for
a month
nice manic a school- so exactly this is
crazy
Oh yo
they got a beach and a pool oh my gosh
I love a man
as you guys know I gotta give you guys a
hotel room tour how you doing
whose TV okay you're welcome things on
this is nice chair
put your legs are stable talking nice
little closet it's the bathroom so
toilets I love I love this about the
Middle East you have to like this
America you need to do this you need to
step your game up son
this is toilet what I need a bathtub it
has a mirror next to it we are about
probably five minutes late so far but we
should be there now in my new to the
area here so yeah ready ready you all
ready I'm ready
so heading to Muscat city centre and
this is for parking it is so crowded
today so for late I'm so sorry we should
be there in a couple minutes I feel like
getting out the car just running there
hopefully see you got some Muscat city
centre I got some waiting here ready go
Oh
the walk so we have to walk back them up
gonna walk just
the final I'm going to rent from sad to
do enough some floral hard way to be
step city center
chicken
okay I'll be shaving look at the patient
and the security officer now the police
are actually really good to me really
crazy crazy but I didn't expect this and
I'm sorry for everything I'm sorry okay
I got it
huh oh good look I want to what was that
it was it was a nice to the fun did you
have fun yeah yeah desk or mean to
police in when do they want to take
pictures you I love you guys are loving
because Mom I love them so much
I didn't cook it on here dick thank you
so much
sipping on scintilla well now we're
going to another floor because they have
to see I'm not here trying on the stuff
you guys gave me the Security office
I love Oman you guys are seriously
amazing
whoever gave me all this glass I love
you guys so much you know this is
hilarious your chilli field office
we got lucky sided with that well I give
you he already looks that way
ricochet yeah this is 250 thank you so
much to me thank you to Sunnah and Maria
this is amazing love and best wishes
from Pakistanis in Oman thank you so
much
love you guys so much
I've been chilling it for the past 45
minutes didn't trying to say I'm not
here but I actually am here not doing it
to the pictures yes but they're really
nice among I love you a man you guys are
the greatest people and you guys are
nice good dear
it's very good very nice very good see
ya
so this to gas here amen it says point 1
1 6 so we calculated that and that is
for one gallon it's one dollar the water
here costs more than the gas that is
crazy mashallah
so one litre of water here cost about $2
and one liter of gas cost 30 cents
that is crazy that's crazier it's crazy
but up are you doing
Sami how are you doing Kip hi I'm Tula I
see
so we start to fill up some gas and I'm
eating these chips they taste so amazing
so different from the whole world I
don't know what they put in this biome
and chips your chips are amazing man
they gotta tell me the recipe man
go
girl sleep
look funny thing is chefs my man's right
here best chips in the world ie like a
lot
it's pretty cool is called right now we
are in an eyeball and getting quick bite
I'm here with Nick and I met with
chilling here just eating and we're on
our way back to the Bioman and I
promised everybody watch the videos from
the end we are going to be doing a meet
and greet here soon I promise you that
you're gonna do
I got you're gonna dance together we got
some classic chicken here looks pretty
cool a big pencil what is it
so then loosen put in yet I'm gonna have
a cheese chicken I mean life this is
crazy
we're just going up with us but I'm
desert in look I'm gonna does it right
now I didn't expect this game to be like
this amazing
hey oh my god hi guys it was time to
wrap up this flag hope you all enjoyed
the vlog on mine you were crazy amazing
I love you guys I'm so sorry to
everybody that kind of took pictures
with it was just turned out to being
like a Tom and Jerry chase and hopefully
I'll come back soon to everybody that
was there you guys were amazing it was
nice seeing you all it was very loud it
was just ah your energy was just like
mine I loved it so much
and I'll see you guys back in Dubey
tomorrow
take care make sure you guys get the
flag the thumbs up and go turkey I love
you guys so much
peace out oh man you guys are the
greatest
you
