hey guys what's up I'm here with my
cuddle buddy her name is she doesn't
have my name my name is pillow and I
dressed her up with my clothes because
it's kind of its kind of cold outside
it's really really freezing outside and
mean shake decided I cuddle with you
later
means shake decided that we are going to
be staying home and we're not going to
go out we weren't going to go out to the
gym but it's like a really big huge
blizzard outside so get used to this for
the whole winter whenever we've like
it's going to be indoor flying so I'm
gonna do a video on 20 things that I
hate the most and stuff that really
annoy me but before I get to that I want
to update you guys on our video lean
shake we actually went out to go film
meet a Muslim part two we didn't want to
tell you guys how is it going to be
different but we're gonna tell you guys
now because it turned out being to like
kind of like a fail I mean that kind of
like a fill just not not that much
people were there we wanted to do a
beautiful some person in a Jewish
neighborhood like strictly a Jewish
neighborhood because we thought we'd do
that and depending on how they would
react it would it would do great it it
may be the video that'll cause World
Peace you never know we wanted to do it
so bad so went to the Jewish
neighborhood in New York was strictly
Jewish SHINee but everybody's Jewish we
had to sign meet a Muslim person and
apparently it was just nobody there at
that time I guess it was cold so we are
gonna be doing it soon inshallah so but
our next video is going to be the Arab
rap rap battle one or another different
ones too and we'll be that one so that
one has to be too late okay the first
thing that I hate the most
which really irritates me is when people
choose so loud when they eat like what's
the point of um it just ruins like my
appetite and just ruins everything is
just I find it so disgusting it can be
your family your friend anybody around
the person sitting next to you when they
start chewing so loud and just like you
should want to stop eating and just look
at them like okay relax wife wife what's
wrong with another thing that I hate
that involves eating is when I go make
something to eat
when I go buy something tea I tell the
person like oh your are you hungry do
you want something and they say nah nah
man I don't want anything don't worry
about it don't worry but I'm good when I
bring the food and I'm starving myself
like I'm really hungry I want to eat all
this food I'm thinking about how how
amazing is gonna be when I eat it and
then when I start eating they come out
of nowhere they just take a bite like oh
let me try it out oh oh this takes
baingan man all of you continue eating
it like oh don't do that
when you go to the barber shop and the
guy is like you know he's giving you a
nice haircut and stuff and he messes up
your hair but you can't say anything
about it because you don't want to be
like messed up or so I don't know if it
happens to girls if it does leave it in
the comments below what do they do like
they mess it up in the salon or stuff
because I know in the barber shop when
we're at the barber shop they fix your
hair and it turns out being messed up
like a crooked hairline then I would
just stare and they would ask like oh is
it good and I'm just like they're lying
like oh it's it's great it looks
fantastic
amazing job this is another thing I hate
about the barber shop is when you're in
a rush you want to get your hair cut you
want to leave but then they give the
haircut and they stop and talk they stop
get on the phone they stop they go eat
and come back and they stop in texts to
just one time I was at a barber shop I
was getting a haircut I was in a rush
because I needed to film in about like
30 minutes and they so he started giving
me the hair cutting stuff and there was
this basketball game playing on the the
TV and I'm there like trying to like
rush him a little bit telling him to go
and then he keeps looking at the TV he's
like damn those cheerleaders man Joe
damn them cheerleaders his crazy son
then he just stops in like what while
he's giving me a haircut he stops and
just like he was staring and I'm just
there like I didn't want to say nothing
but then I ended up saying the eight um
okay then he cut me off and he was like
yo you want to see them cheerleaders too
then he turned me red he turned me
around with the chair and then he made
me look and I'm just like nah man and
just I just need a haircut quick app ago
like I haven't I don't know why a lot of
barbers do that and I wonder how it is
in like salons like for you girls do you
guys get dealt with that the same way
because if it is I know how you feel and
trust me it's annoying when people tell
you to relax or calm down when you are
relaxed and calm down I really hate
especially when you're normal and you're
just sitting down - telling you to relax
understand that they would say it if you
you know you're jumping up throwing
stuff breaking stuff they then they'll
have to tell you relax or calm down but
when you're sitting there normally talk
to them and I don't know either like
relax your comp calm down it's just it's
really irritating cuz you're not you're
not doing anything for them to say that
then they say it just makes me want to
just punch them in the face and just
give them a kiss after that I hate it
when I'm the streets of New York and I
pass through a person and then they come
to me that yo yo I got that's how I'm
selling that weed I got that crack I got
that money you want to pop that money
like do I look like a crackhead do I
look like a pothead I mean it's probably
cuz maybe the way I dress I look like
I'm some type of guy that would do that
but I'm not next time I'll get it took
seed or a suit and I'll pass through you
and I'll see if you say that I hate when
people judge you by the way you look as
I said you know some people would judge
me on how I look they would assume that
I take drugs they would assume I smoke
cigarettes it would assume I I do bad
things when actually I just like
dressing the way I dressed and I don't
really care what people think about me
but I just hate the fact how people jump
straight to it and just judge you like
Oh Adam oh well yeah that kid oh he's a
jerk like I mean you don't know me I
mean usually for me I never judge
anybody I'm just usually like chill
about it like oh you you smoke are you
doing that okay whatever I mean I'm not
gonna go judge and be like oh yeah then
I do smokes Oh that'd do it does this oh
yeah that'd do does that man don't talk
to him it's just I'm like I'm just I'm
really chill about let me I don't care
this is your life do what you want I
mean I just stated a Miley Cyrus line oh
my gosh I hate it when I'm in class and
the whole class is talking and the
teacher tells you to stop talking miss
do you not see the whole class talking
to how about you tell them to shut up to
not just me and then the teacher gets
all mad like well I'm talking to you
Adam and I'm like miss I'm talking to
you miss everybody else is talking why
tell me not to talk that's so messed up
I see how it is right cuz I'm Arab right
it's cuz I'm Arab is right you know what
I hate is being insecure sometimes just
you know looking at yourself in the
mirror and looking at your flaws and
just paying attention to it and you're
just like oh my god I'm so ugly
what am i doing in this life flows that
you see and that you pay attention to
the most people don't see that people
don't realize that it's you're the one
just you're just paying attention to it
the most like I hate homework
yeah hate homework a lot like I don't
even need to explain why I hate homework
cuz if you like homework then you have
problems
hey when people are sarcastic in every
little sentence they do like for example
I'll tell somebody like oh you're
talking to me and they're just like no
I'm talking to myself who else am I
talking to I'm I uh
I'm sorry I didn't know I was like well
you should know because who doesn't know
I hate myself when I be too nice I just
hate it when I be too too nice I feel
like a lot of people take advantage of
me and then I turn to sweet I turn to
nice and just I don't know it's just
that I do anything for them they just
take advantage and at the end of the day
then they won't be there for me but you
know I need to start being mean I need
to start being mean I don't know I can t
mean I Oprah Winfrey like Oprah give me
a car what I gotta give everybody a car
you never gave me a car you're so messed
up I don't like you Oprah I'm just
joking love you so much baby
hater when you're telling the story then
somebody comes out of nowhere and
interrupts you and just changes the
whole subject like know who told you to
come in and interrupt me and talk I'm
saying a story
now you better Shh listen to my story be
quiet let me finish the story then you
can come in hey racist people some
people so racist why I gotta be so
racist like the other day I was hanging
on Times Square me Kareem slim and like
these you know you know those black
Jewish people who stay there and preach
and stuff like I was doing a vine and I
said say no to racism in the vine that's
that's exactly what I said say no to
racism I don't know where the guy came
to me screaming so loud he was like well
you f you you Arab saying take your
Moslems in that I'm just like whoa whoa
I went up to his face I'm like well
you're the racist dude who looks like
you grew up with jay-z and Marcy
projects and I I didn't know what I was
saying because he's speaking so loud
that I could even hear myself like they
speak so loud man let me talk gosh I
could even win the argument you won the
argument okay you won but I'm not scared
of you you can be as big as you can I'm
not scared of nobody the only person I'm
scared of is Allah and sometimes dogs
all right guys so I don't know if this
was 20 25 things that I hate I don't
know I don't know how much is that I
forgot what number was that but hope you
guys enjoyed it give this black thumbs
up if you guys did enjoy it we'll see
you guys tomorrow
make sure you
guys be safe be warm take care and peace
oh and please vote for us for the Shorty
Awards Justin Bieber is ahead of us
right now by a couple hundreds but I
still believe in us that we can if you
haven't voted please just nominate us
below the link is below you click on it
and then you nominate and that's it
