hey guys what's up your do me gank I
hope you are having an amazing there
because I'm having an amazing day so far
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day the do me
gank today is gonna be an amazing
amazing day it is the last day of our
Fashion Week it is the big dinner and
we're gonna have it in the desert and I
will be performing three songs from my
Chapter two album I do not know which
songs yet but I'm gonna decide in a few
but for now we're gonna head to the
beach chill out for a bit not today
we're gonna put on our suits and head
straight to the gala dinner so let's see
how it goes
we're in Dubai
what the heck hey do me gang we're all
getting our suits right now I'm so so
excited I've been getting your fittings
it's like two three weeks ago so I
cannot wait it's the first time ever I'm
wearing like a tuxedo so we're gonna see
how it goes when you're good so you went
right I'm wearing blue we're gonna like
Mario Luigi do me yeah we got the suits
right here you know I'm saying let it be
you have fun now but we have to hold
these suits let go it was weird let me
see touch it like feels kind of weird
you just make me hold it yeah
dumi gang we just got done with the
beach it was so sick huge shout-out to
Anthony Joshua on his whole squad lats
skins thank you guys so much you guys
looked after us hope you guys enjoy your
time in Dubai and I hope you guys get
back home safe in the UK look right now
about to put on the suit so I'm gonna
see you guys with the suits in the next
shop back in doobie gang I feel so oh my
god so uncomfortable I hate where this
is why I hate wearing my suits and stuff
because I don't know I feel like at any
moment if I just like you know just
strengthen myself everything will just
you know pop out but it's all good I
feel like I look smart no I'm saying
okay oh my god yeah I feel like Nazis
man yeah
look another look it's not as easy
snapshot this ready I came into my hands
a little higher because this thing is so
tight on me but our Fashion Week we are
here throughout the squad we got slim UK
I already know I don't know what to
expect together so um we're gonna see
how it goes but thank you guys for
coming through man Suzy and Roger is
gonna win a war too man
an Emirati gentleman who has great
impact in the Middle East and the world
I would like to call on stage to receive
that word
to me gang we're back here in Atlantis
we're about to do the scuba diving with
the sharks once again and the reason why
we're doing it is because slim you slim
slim wanted to go shark diving with his
brothers man you know like last time I
was mad jealous yeah we have to do this
now what are we doing I'm a nice I mean
nice book brother like if we're not
doing this I'm really really sad right
is it I'm gonna suck you're gonna take
yes you're gonna be sorry adolescent Inc
yes we can see well this whole thing is
this whole thing yeah thing you're about
to be inside a different world I'm
telling you it's a whole different world
in there it's like you're gonna live
life as a fish no one meets them do
something together he gets well sick
it's crazy so you guys about to see oh
my god what's up she is back how you
doing you okay I'm good thank you got us
a gift even though you didn't have to
but you guys don't stop by the pump
thank you so much appreciate it now it's
not scared as times the whole different
he's a whole different person that's
crazy right yeah
no running by guys bad news via nas we
might not go inside scuba diving because
we have a flight in less than 12 hours
and they told us if you go scuba diving
and then you go on a flight in less than
12 hours you'll end up being like
paralyzed and like your blood and stuff
is like serious serious stuff but slim
can because some flight is like in 24
hours if it starts in your heart you
just start it starts in your brain
you'll have stroke this is very big
no-no yeah you need to wait minimal
minimum 12 hours minimum
my flight is 11 hours 11 even even
though I hope you understand health is
more important than just one dark night
health comes all right guys you guys
heard that now I can go scuba diving I'm
so so mad but it'll be good
don't let go sis slimmed into the shark
and funny you unlock one let's look at
the shark to be honest even though me
and nas we're not going we feel bad for
slimming this dude is like if you guys
think I'm a professional idiot he's
another level idiot like I don't trust
himself even going inside with the whole
stuff in his mouth and stuff I don't
know because if he moves it for one sec
it like you're gone Yolo legit yo hi
guys we're about to go see Slim from the
outside like through the glass for all
the tourists and stuff don't go smooth
Ivan where they see the people basically
system right now is a fish so we're
gonna go see slim look how many people
are watching guys everyone's taking pics
of slim this is crazy slow
I'm so glad I didn't go burn this maybe
it's my cousin that's my cousin my
cousin is in there I find this so
interesting seriously this is your
outside I know you're upside down yo so
you made my day man you made my day
do me gang I haven't eaten for like 12
hours and so so hungry and ya know I
love food
 up every picture price has gone
up
Lamar is going to miss a Greek which is
the homies why hey so if you guys ever
in Dubai go to miss the Greek food is
amazing I went there last time
we're going there today was thing do you
know who I am no what's my name
oh my we are here mr. Greek 3 2 1 +
this right is the best cheese in the
world oh I was gonna as I say wherever I
go man thank you so much y'all can oh
wow thank you guys so much
mr. Greek thank you
alright guys we just got in a big car
crash and it was not our fault we're
driving and some lady we like went
around and literally crash the whole
Rolls Royce right here look oh my god
man this is this is insane
girl right there this is her her car but
her car didn't get damaged as much
I'm so confused because the Rolls Royce
is like a half a million dollar car this
car is a really small car but this one
is not injured but the rolls-royce this
is all my god man
like it's not our form where you got
this car from gills on wheels
they always hook us up they always show
so much love like we love them we have a
good relationship with them and this
happening is not a good thing so we
literally just got done eating I was
editing inside the car everything was
perfectly fine I was ready to leave to
New York in like three to four hours and
then all I heard was a big boom I don't
know when I heard a boom I was a long
walk but I got scared like I thought
more hits we're coming to stuff I've
never been in like a crash or anything
like that and I gonna it was pretty damn
hard it was so hard to the point where
her car was about to flip over and it's
so scary because this car is not ours
man like it's it's embarrassing like
really really embarrassing deals on
wheels like we apologized so so much but
the other driver the lady that's in
there she's admitting to it she knows
it's her fault we're literally just
driving and she just came out of nowhere
and just hit us
it'd do me yeah this is the end of this
vlog I just want to say I had a really
really bad day after this to be honest
right now I just feel like it's just bad
luck or if you're Middle Eastern you
call it something that's called like I
ain't blue do me and if you guys can
once again please pray for my dad I know
I tell you guys this every single time
but you guys helped me so so much he
just fell down the stairs I'm giving two
black eyes just keep my dad in your
prayers keep my family in pairs I love
you guys so much I'm gonna end this
video here I'm so sorry it's kind of
short see my dad like that just put me
in the mood just put me really really
down so I'm not really feeling kinda
also do me a
I'll see you guys tomorrow when I find
out what happened it literally got me
depressed because see my dad
you know who's 67 years old with like
two black guys made me not want to do
anything like kind of ruined my whole
day ruin the whole vlog I'll see you
guys I'll see you guys soon take care my
circle is so small cuz I got a good I
was the fake ones me and Slim's
on the hood but we still some hoodlums
smiles all around his body act up
