PEMDAS lama we're finally here after 12
long hours we didn't get up once to go
to the bathroom and play already so far
looks beautiful you even the freaking
airport looks amazing looks way better
than once in New York so it's like
brighter that is ours
because some say it was the best customs
ever lady me to skip the whole lot and
so we felt so cool and like everybody's
wearing the custom everybody's wearing
the thing that
it's for love of middle east man
that car from the iron media forum
I go
so I'm here with all my member and yeah
blah blah and so massive massive so
we're here in the bay with the hotel
we're waiting to get our room I'm so
excited
it was what my name is name what my
smile is when a hotel you take you to
the room right now I am one follow his
dummies do my clothes my you call him a
dummies I do because mommy's to call me
a dummy when I was younger bad and the
hotel is huge so I think I'm gonna get
lost
see all those nice hmm that is what is
crazier do bet you guys a crazy man oh
it took us like a whole 5-10 minutes to
travel through the hotel and get in this
room so the hallways are so long as
those people waiting yeah with cameras
that was we got the car and they they're
just fake Oh it start pointing and him
and I just try to stop and so it was
like paparazzi lights flashing and I'm
like wait hello this is for me I like
that so the pictures I might look mad
confuse I'm like like you gotta learn it
I got other I AG I gotta learn to walk
like like impose and walk like I can
walk in like cuz I was confused they
came up this a teeny bit I'm like no
that's not for me
as usual I gotta give you guys a hotel
tour and I think this is the bestest
hotel ever been to in my whole life this
is just crazy I will start off with the
closet this is just a closet right here
these are the mirrors coomer's lights
this is a bathroom yeah bathroom shower
in there that's nice another miracle
mirror here this is the tub this is sick
yep this totally is for regular this
toilet is for you guys should know what
this is for that is sick what the heck
is this is just amazing
Wow I am in love man this is and this is
the balcony oh I am going crazy I am
going great yo yo my mother I'm about to
jump off the balcony right I'm serious
here this is crazy as a viewer that is
yo that imma iron my stuff for tomorrow
for the interview which is going to air
on debate TV and a lot more other
channels am f1 for our media forum 2014
minutes crazy man this is the only time
I'm Iron Michael oh hey guys what's up
so right now we are heading for the
interview
I'm so nervous nervous yeah that's okay
be nervous about why cuz yourself we got
this we got this come on fuck it go on
the phone my name right here I know I'm
still gonna get breakfast real quick and
the food here it is I came to explain it
it's just amazing this is the whole
kitchen
sup strawberry chips mix very green
apple butter chocolate yo got our
breakfast I'm getting poops I got my
waffle the cop car is here our bodies yo
I'm gonna get arrested I'm out the door
I want to get in that car I want to get
a rest all right no should I do charge
it looking it good this I'm sure that is
great wash hello Oh God
looks so different yes anyways we're in
regular today's we're not it's so
different this is a format thing but I
have to be worth like that what is gonna
take place here so close ready this is
it our media phone this is the biggest
meeting from the whole world throughout
the whole year it's easy to the teacher
yo it's crazy you're the first ones here
I got so nervous the gun people use all
the seats I'm gonna be right there that
is pretty cool I feel so special special
oh good that is sick and I'm gonna get
interviewed by all out fattest there's
any bathroom that you want to take a
picture with the only exception was
about to sing a bathroom selfie because
it looks
good that doesn't matter right now with
your backstage the table expected seats
look like just amazing I'm so excited I
don't think I don't I don't think I'm
nervous anymore so we got this to me
Hank to me I say thank you guys for
making me making everything happen it
truly means a lot from the bottom my
heart will do this for you guys and I
love you guys one thing happens if I
embarrass myself hope you still love me
and I've always loved you say all that
status is a pleasure to meet Harris
thank you the child out over the round
the enemy
you
attacking you were in short he had an
odd every falsified man shot the key are
back at this thing
and I live in America and it's it's not
so bad over here is much better every
day I've been through a lot I was in
school canteen must be the Habad Ayasha
Nana and a Muslim and when I was high
school I started like I was afraid I was
scared because people used to abuse me
and bully me and black Wailea
well my mom she's to come she's wearing
hijab in high school when she comes to
you know fix me up or something like
that and people didn't like that they
used to put me through a lot but now you
know I'm proud to say that Muslim and I
represent you know I say a lot for for
people that they cannot say in America
and I try to show everyone in America
light on Islam is a was a peace-loving
religion and you know I show them that
you know the good side of Arabs and make
them laugh we can smile and I teach them
a lot when you talk you know sometimes
they think they don't think I'm Arab or
Muslim Jenna come talk to me when I help
them out my dear mister than America
you're like oh
again however I'm gonna help you you get
surprised and they look at it really
differently so that I can adjust my
ankles over here to be economically I
don't care for Bahamas most American
definitely a layer select our little
guru there's a lot about how some how
sharp idea to say box the commercial
area have a collage on T the shoe has a
flash
hey we just got done with the interview
it went amazing I'm so excited and I
kind of messed up with some era but
everything went well after that had a
lot of interviews and a lot of you know
opportunities just amazing you know
amazing that a lot of people like me I'm
so know I feel so blessed I'm the blur
for everything and I'm just so excited
you know the cop car is here and watches
will not touch it the guy's gonna yell
at me watch it watch it I'm a touch I
can touch it man I want to get arrested
so they just they can just arrest me
just put me in the car I don't mind
chillin you glad you watched hey looks
pretty cool
nice I'll take one picture come on take
a bridge like this who looks wack that's
nice what
listen driving okay oh I'm sorry I can't
I do like a picture please I'll come
some place some circuit Oh universe me
put me in the Bugatti I want to go in
the Bugatti see we see the Bugatti go on
come on let's go up on my evolve and I
was joking good siren that is sick look
this is the time that mean Adam will be
meeting up but since he's not here I'm
actually getting a bit slim right now
take him a long instable step always
comes late but yeah I mean you up with
him and then I don't know what we're
gonna do Republican to science I have
fun holy but you always come late man
everybody that time yo so only related
whoa Wow exactly walks and we take
something says Wow president I would
shake every child he tells me to me in
my fucking pot comes like I see spot so
I decided today you know he's only yeah
but still I came here first you always
know why I'm always waiting so glad
today he jumps wait no Sam why you're
always so tardy what I'm gonna shop for
ya oh listen figure I forgot you're
still up it's not like it you understand
we're still cool Simone ease you're so
uh
luck in it right now we're live on
Ustream and I'm about to give some
people a shot actually they can get
themselves a shadow so they're not sue
I'm real just lit oh shout out to shout
out to my dog Simba shout out over Toby
them quick oxide shadows actor shout
outs
super yeah there's a lot of big things
coming up just I'm just saying that
right now social everything goes great
huge shout out to the Arab media forum
for making everything happen our movie
from 2014 you guys are amazing everybody
with the staff that work is over there
you guys are seriously the best pen I
actually might stay longer maybe maybe I
might say like oh maybe maybe like a
week or two longer so yeah I mean to be
honest I don't mind that me I'm gonna
miss my family and friends and everybody
but all my team vapor in the live you
know
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
flag hope you guys all enjoy wog yeah my
TV it should be under white one is about
so you guys can watch it on TV and the
meet agree 5 p.m. will slap me and be
there see you every post will take it
and yeah thumbs up go turkey see you
peace peace
