hey guys what's up so today me and
Sheikh we just got home and we were
rehearsing for our shows as usual
writing the script and stuff so
everything can be perfect we're almost
done with their hosting stuff so
hopefully by maybe the end of January
our beginning in February that's when
we're gonna start having a lot of shows
and we're gonna let you guys know all
the dates and I Twitter you guys I said
to let me know what do you guys like
wandering on for the vlog talk about
Justin Bieber talk about why Zayn Malik
gets a lot of hate talk about why the
difference between NYC and UK is 5 hours
I said I'm not gonna talk about none of
those because I want to talk about a
nice topic like I don't know a really
nice topic for you guys why are you guys
so far away I mean either come closer
I'm too close now unity somebody said
you an idiot's a nice topic I could talk
about I feel like that as as Muslims we
all need to be together and unite like
not just separate each other between
countries and stuff like that because
that's what what's wrong with society
these days you know they say oh no you
can't marry this person he has to bear
it marry his same kind like for example
they would say um as as the Yemeni
person like sometimes they would force
that person to marry the same kind of
zebedee like why can't they marry a
Moroccan person a Syrian a Pakistani or
somebody I was like why can't they you
know I know they want to stick to like
the same nationality and stuff but I
feel like that you know if it's if it's
they can have more choices I mean
there's so much limb but they can have
more choices you know maybe they want a
Syrian baby with blue eyes maybe
somebody wants a brown baby who knows
how to Bhangra maybe they want a Arabic
baby who knows how to belly dance I know
like I feel like some some like some
Muslims they would just they would
separate themselves with their own
country and stuff and I feel like that's
what's wrong with society everybody
should always be together
speak to each other together you know
there's a lot of different languages
even if you're Muslim there's air do
Arabic Bengali there's Somali Sudanese
there's a lot of languages and I feel
like we all should be one we should be
together like not fighting there and
saying no he should marry this a
mon-kind
it's not just about marriage or anything
it should be even though with stuff
outside like one time there was a store
it was a Yemeni store and and there was
another store right next to it was an
Egyptian store and the kid the the kid
that I was friends with you yemeni he
was he said um no I'm let me just go to
the Yemeni store and the other and my
other friend these Egyptians like no I'm
going to the Egyptian store so I feel
like you know it doesn't it doesn't
matter there shouldn't be they shouldn't
be going to that place because he's
going to another place because he's
Egyptian you should go to whichever you
can go to both people shouldn't be
thinking like that like I'm just gonna
go to the MD store cuz you know I am any
two people should be thinking they
should be going into the Egyptian like
if I am now go into the Egyptian store
you know say say hi and it's just show
him love and show him positivity so he
can know and feel loved and feel that
you know we're always together and we
always unite because I'm telling you if
this can happen you know like in this
world like if we can unite and we can be
strong and be together I feel like the
world would be a way better place and we
would learn a lot more new stuff too you
know well in conclusion what I'm saying
is that we should all unite we should
all be together we shouldn't separate
each other from countries and stuff like
that you know some people would just say
oh free Syria but they wouldn't say free
Palestine or free Emma nor free Egypt
they would always you know separate
themselves and hate each other because
they're from that country and they think
and they try to out beat the other
country so if you know everybody has
their we're all we're all one we're all
Muslim all human we should always we
should always never we should never try
to out beat anybody just cuz they're
from another country we're all the same
people and if we do unite and be happy
for each other and and learn new things
with each other and talk about what's
different what kind of food they eat how
do they dance you know it'll be much a
better place and we can marry other
people from different countries and you
can ask your mommy say mommy I wanna
marry that person who's from it up and
and I don't know just really do not know
a lot but don't judge me and I just try
to give as much advice as I can or as
much knowledge that I have in this small
brain well I guess it's a big brain I
got a big head but a small brain its
water it's a lot of water inside I'm
just gonna ran whatever you guys have
been telling me so yeah that was a nice
rant what you told me about for unity
and that's what I think we should have
so you guys should unite you all should
unite and give this vlog a thumbs up if
you think we should all unite
all right so apparently I have a Twitter
of my beard and it says I should rent
and why is it weird to talk to my beard
so I really don't know I don't usually
talk to my beard I mean I don't wanna
talk to like that but that's really
weird of you even thinking I talked to
my beard
somebody said to talk about
strengthening faith and how the world
isn't everything um I think that is a
good idea and some people take like
everything so seriously you know Twitter
Instagram I mean I do take my Instagram
seriously you know our YouTube seriously
but some people take it to like a whole
another level and like they should know
like in a hundred years we'll all this
matter in in 50 years will well people
even remember this will this all be just
one silly thing you know we should focus
on the most important thing which is
life religion Islam or whatever religion
you are we should focus on being you
know being good as a person not just
something to be selfish about or
anything you should always focus on
other people and helping other people up
so you can feel good and be positive
about yourself and if you keep doing
good things and positive things you will
be in a good place and she'll let
anybody who who is negative I feel like
karma will always get back to them and
negativity will come back to them and if
you're positive I feel like positivity
will always be around you so in life you
should always stay positive and
strengthen your faith and not focus on
something that's like you know like some
people would tweet a lot of hate on
people like that like some person would
have a hundred and thirty seven thousand
tweets of just hate two people and just
to random people anything's funny so
their friends can laugh and stuff but do
you really think that that would matter
in
in a hundred years and all it does is
just affect you and affect your life so
I feel like you should always be
positive always be yourself and never be
negative cuz yeah you don't want to
always be negative you want to keep
yourself spend with you know positive
energy you don't wanna feel the negative
energy so you know I'm saying you know
what I'm saying why don't people wash
their hands after using the bathroom
really a lot of guys do that in the
bathroom and I really don't know why
they do that I guess they think that
their since they took a shower you know
they can just leave for whatever I feel
like maybe they have no clue and if I
next time if I do go to the bathroom
like someone probably I'll log in and
ask somebody who didn't wash your hands
and I'll ask them like why sir breaking
new with my didn't wash your hands and
I'm gonna question them I'm gonna see
what they say because I really don't
know alright guys I hope you guys
enjoyed this multiple rant day if you
guys did enjoy it make sure you guys
give it a thumbs up and shake we'll be
here to tell you guys about the news
that we have for the movie that we're
gonna be in with Omar Egan so yeah thank
you guys so much we'll see you guys
tomorrow
here's shake and peace before I start I
just want to say that we have huge huge
announcement this Saturday you guys will
or mostly guys will like that outs me
it's special giveaway I don't want to
reveal it but in this giveaway we as a
me and Adam will personally fly to the
winners hometown and personally meet
that family both details this Saturday
you guys cannot you guys don't want him
to see you I should check it out when it
comes out and yeah so I don't I don't
want say the whole thing because I still
didn't get the full confirmation it
should be up to Saturday but what I do
know I just told you that today I
watched Paranormal Activity I will not
recommend you honestly it wasn't all
that it wasn't that scared he's like
some guy holding a camera going on the
house love a lot of things pop up that's
a scary movie but it wasn't all of that
so personally I didn't like you if you
guys want you can watch it if not the
oyster 1 yard
I just want to give a quick huge shout
out to our managers brother his name is
Hakam it's his birthday so shout out to
you hope you have a long life hope you
have an amazing life and shoulder more
to come and that's all I have for today
hope you enjoyed and we'll meet tomorrow
peace
