hey guys what's up some before this
black starts I want to tell you all for
everybody team a say who's in Dubai Dube
I am so sorry
listen I want to tell you all who are in
Dubai the information for the meet and
greet and everything and clear
everything up for you guys I'm leaving
tonight to go to Dubai and the meet and
greet will be at May 20th at 5 p.m. that
is a Tuesday May 20th 5 p.m. the
location for the meeting it will be at
the madinat jumeirah and s-salam a hotel
sorry for I'm saying it wrong but yeah
I'll be in there at the convention
centre so when you go in there is that
the Convention Center if you go and just
ask for the confession sensor inside the
Convention Center is the social media
garden that we're talking about and it
will be part of the Arab media forum the
Armenian forum is something that I will
be getting interviewed which is around 9
a.m. in the morning everybody's invited
you just have to register or something
like that so if you want to come watch
me get asked any questions if you can
make it at 9 a.m. I think that's the
time or something like that you can
register it's free everybody's free I'm
gonna be getting interviewed on May 20th
and May 24th the meet-and-greet info is
May 20th at 5 p.m. so I know some of you
guys have school that's have any
questions please don't hesitate to ask
me because I want you all to come
through this is like a once in a
lifetime I don't know if I'm ever gonna
be in Dube again I really hope you all
can make it I know some of you guys you
guys tell me to make it on Thursday or
Friday or Saturday that's like your
weekends over there but seriously I
can't I'm leaving on Wednesday so
Tuesday was the best day for and you
know it's gonna be indoors and it's free
and everything you don't have to
register it for anything unless you want
to come and watch me with the questions
or something like that but the me degree
is at 5 p.m. you don't have to pay
anything you come through inside the
mdina tomato I'm gonna say 2nd in Maina
assalamu hotel and ask for the
convention center or you could just ask
say where's the meeting reef Adam Sala
or something like that you guys will
find a way she'll hopefully and there's
a meet-and-greet I'll be doing a
donation for charity so if anybody who
donates I'll be giving out posters to
them wristbands I only have about 20 or
30 years bands but I'm gonna give it out
to all you guys whoever comes first I'll
give it to you guys I'm so excited to go
to Dubai I want to meet you all I want
to go around chill and everything vlog
with you guys so it should be a lot of
fun and yet this person right there is
Adams dad my dad his name is Martin yeah
yeah it's my dad he's a gangster yeah my
dad just passed through DC shadow he
passed through is for him right now he
wants to go get water and he just left
samer wrap it up here
so you guys may 20th 5 p.m. and yeah the
location I'm not gonna say it again
Medina to a inside Convention Center oh
I'm never gonna say it again I'll see
you guys there
wait am i I was making Sala oh oh this
is vlog oh yeah this is not done this is
not done okay Adam saw like he's not the
only one that's gonna make a appearance
you know in Dube and the Adam master you
hassle eyes also gonna make a special
yeah I repeat a special appearance in
Dube so I am gonna be doing the you know
the belly dancing in the bay all I
wanted to say I'm gonna be there to not
only him and yeah I'm gonna go on a mass
salami oh wait wait with me to it by the
way Adam is not Dubai Dubai what is do I
it's Dube Dube you know this is how you
say it it's the Arabic way Dube I die
okay okay I'm gonna leave now see you
guys there okay okay take me back to
Salah oh whoa hey guys your sub I'm here
in New York it's my last day in here
until I had to debate bye
I'm so excited I'm going suit shopping
so I have to look for a suit to wear
when I go to do babe somebody just got
pulled over
he left he let him go you guys want to
know something crazy today I came the
earliest so I've been waiting for like
30 minutes for the boys and yeah karma
is not so good last time at they had to
wait for two hours so far right now
waiting for thirty minutes so it's all
good all right so shake fun that came
here actually came early see I can't
really you can't see congratulations
brother yeah and I was I was shopping at
a store called Zahra and I bought
about this kind of blazer looking soup
kind of thing I don't know why the whole
soup because I don't know I hate wearing
cold suits but so I just bought a blazer
on top so I gotta look classy I can't
look - like swaggy
so I was walking Afghani people who were
they - we gotta meet a man come on Ali
Amit shake it up hi guys so walking with
some Bengali brothers are you from my
name is small from time -
and you - motive from Bangladesh and we
got it to the Bangladesh homies right
here are you know they gave me the show
our support
nope
I was holding flies you know I love them
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
vlog I know this vlog was kind of short
so I'm not gonna end the vlog here
because I hate giving you guys short
vlogs I don't know I feel like we don't
put much effort if we just give you guys
you know a short vlog like that if it's
like four or five minutes or something
so I'm gonna do something for you guys
and hopefully it turns out fun we're
gonna play two truths and one lie so I'm
gonna say two truths about me and one
lie that I'm saying and you guys have to
comment below and guess what is the lie
and if anybody gets to write and knows
which one was the lie and commented
below I will be giving you guys a
shout-out on tomorrow's vlog so here I
go the first one is out of three okay
the first one is I had braces for three
years I had braces for three years the
second one is I have a twin sister I
have a twin sister exactly like me and
the third one is I broke my thumb this
thump four times some of it was from
playing basketball some of it was from
boxing
so yeah that's round one leaving the
comments below which one you think is
the lie I am gonna give you guys another
chance to guess it's round two of two
truths or one lies so you guys have a
better chance of winning and you can't
comment below each and every single one
of them so whichever one you put first
that's your first and final answer and
I'll be checking it out and if you do
get it right you'll be getting a shadow
on tomorrow's vlog first one is ice
bully shake before me in him became best
friends second one is in high school I
got suspended 34 times yes I got
suspended 34 times and I'm not proud of
that most of them were just the
stupidest stuff and the third one is
I've never went to the country that I'm
from which is Yemen I've never been
there that was round two of two truths
and one lie so you guys have two chances
to win to make this black a little more
longer and a little more interesting I
will tell you guys how I got suspended
in high school and what I did to get
suspended in high school so it's stuff
that you guys should not do when you are
in school I got suspended countless
times most of them were for the
stupidest things ever once to avoid
suspended in high school was this
alright I came in class right i sat down
and then I had a wedgie and then I put
my hand in my pants and I was fixing my
boxers you know I was like pulling out
what she and then my teacher was like
Adam what are you doing why do you have
your hands in your pants so I pulled my
hand on outside miss I'm sorry I had a
wedgie she was like oh my god you did
not just say that you did not just say
that so she took me to the principal's
office as you whispers something to the
principal's ear and the principal looked
at me like if I'm insane or crazy or
like psycho he was like did you
seriously say that I'm like all I said
is I had a wedgie and the teacher was
like no you didn't say that you had your
hand in new pants and he said you had a
wet dream that is very inappropriate
that is considered sexual harassment to
me are you serious
sexual harassment I put my hand in my
pants I didn't put my head in nobody
else's pants how is that sexual
harassment so we continued arguing and
arguing and arguing and you know as you
drool the teacher beat me to the
argument and I actually got five days of
suspension for something that I did not
say till this day I'm still really mad
about that because I really did not say
that another way I suspended for
something really really dumb I mean I
really think it's dumb I was in class I
was so bored and when I'm bored I draw
so I was drawing the teacher I drew her
I judge took me like 10 15 minutes to
draw and I usually I draw like I know
how to draw like cartoons or like people
felt like I was a really good drawer I
always draw and so I got more bored so I
drew her smoking a cigar and class still
was done then I drew her holding like
al-aziz a bottle and smoking a cigar and
it was a really huge drawing on my desk
and stuff so everybody started seeing it
they're like yo Adam that looks nice
that looks
taken out there and I was like thanks
man thanks that means a lot you know it
took a lot of hard work for that and the
teacher comes she sees it she was like
Adam are you serious are you serious you
did not just draw me high right now and
Adam you know that is vandalism too
right
I'm like mister no no no I did not draw
you high or anything like that I draw
you smoking a cigar miss you chillin
miss you know I'll say chillin and she
doesn't know that is very inappropriate
as his guests the rules of the school to
be drawing our stuff and vandalizing
like that so she call the principal this
was the same teacher that got me
suspended for saying I had a wedgie so
this teacher had I don't know something
against me or something she always got
me suspended for the stupidest stuff so
she wants to go get the principal and
the principal came down he saw the
picture he laughed and he liked it he
took a picture of the picture that I did
he printed it out and hung it up on his
office he hung it up on his office and
he still suspended me he told me you
know that was funny he was really nice
drawing but that is actually vandalism
and you have to get suspended for three
days so I had three-day suspension for a
good drawing that my principal
liked and I also had to wash it off for
the stuff after school I got even guys
one more on something stupid that I got
suspended up and it is with the same
teacher so the teacher I have she was a
very old teacher you know she's very
kind of old school and stuff and she was
talking about her cat and then when she
says cat
she says pussycat and you know some
immature kids were laughing stuff you
know I was kind of wonder there oh yeah
some people in the class were laughing
because she was saying pussycat so while
she was talking about pussycat I asked
her miss what color is your pussycat
unless you were like this excuse me
Adam what did you just say come over
here now write down in the paper what
you just said I was so scared my heart
drop I saw the Miss please do not put me
through any trouble because I really did
not say that I said what color's your
pussycat which I meant cat and that's
the way you say it then she said uh-uh
you're coming with me right now so she
took me upstairs to the principal and
she told the principal he said whatever
I said and he was in complete he wanted
to literally expel me out to school you
know he did he called my mom and wanted
me to tell her exactly what I told to
the teacher and what I really said was
what color is your pussycat and they
wanted me to tell my mom what color is
that without the cat we're not really
didn't say that and I would ever say
that to anybody because that is really
disrespectful and I would get mad if
somebody says that to my sister or to my
mother and I want to ever say that I was
dead serious when I was talking to them
and when they wanted me to say that to
my mom I said no I'm not saying anything
to my mom that I didn't really say and
that is very disrespectful for me to say
that to my mom and then they had to tell
my mom what I said
when I did it and all I heard is on the
phone all I heard was in the photo was
my mom screaming in Arabic it was crazy
I was dead me and then I heard my dad
take the phone from my mom and scream
yeah well I like this
what were you see that I told my dad
right in front of them that I think she
has a hearing problem because I did not
see that and I will never ever say that
to somebody I think she either have
something and gets me or she seriously
was kind of deaf or something was wrong
with your I don't know what was wrong
she would hear me wrong she would hear
even a lot of students wrong not just me
but me I would end up always getting in
trouble and the principal would always
be on her side and put me in trouble and
for that I had a zuv suspension I had
like you know many vacations in my high
school year bye guys so time to wrap up
this flag I will let you guys go I'm
sorry I'll see you guys tomorrow
tomorrow's vlog should be in the airport
or should be in the bay so hope you guys
enjoyed it I'll tell you guys some more
suspension stories soon and there was a
couple you know suspension that I had
that where I was guilty
take care I love you guys and peace I
didn't forget the kiss
