what up guys um right now we're at a
meeting and we are but we are still
rehearsing our our skids and I stand up
and our our a performance so I'm gonna
take this time to tell you this
important news that that I haven't told
anyone Adam doesn't know about either
I'm actually married and we've been
together for a couple of months now I
haven't told anyone but she came with us
to the meeting today and I'm not sure
you guys heard right now she finally
agreed to be on cam so all right this is
my wife have been talking about she's
kind of broadly she's been working out
for a while damned if she's not only hot
shells got nice muscles he'll watch it
sudden your face like that yo you picked
him I mean she picked her nose all right
stop
unless you pushed it up about my baby
this is my baby
why should me because I married her
first you married her first no shoot her
name her name is dunya Akbar she loves
me in anything she's not a dumb it won't
she's mad cuz she's next to you right
now look it's not even to kitty let go
what a mission that's not because
usually that's my said why is hollering
with my wife that I came to get off her
here you're weeping stop
you
and not why do we
why
have you T
okay get your hands off me when I
together here have it you know why Fred
I see what's my wife now we have two
fire firefighters I love you both hurry
I'd do anything to be with you and just
keep touching me I'm sorry it's just
that you know I don't mean you already
like Mary wanted to have a future and
everything Ellie yeah I thought that to
put it out shake it out like you guys
pulled so hot oh my god if you can't
just choose both of us you have to go
with me out even though I'm even
thinking about you serious if you choose
me then I should even be worrying about
this because if you did love me then you
just love me only how can you love both
of us I wanna Chris Brown Lorena I don't
want to why do we have to fight why do I
be like that he answer you get I am a
little bit of muscles you can try and
touch it right I married I put the ring
on deposit up he's like hospital ready
okay you said I could possibly season
painful paper for a game he has a baby
love me from who okay
are you crying
loser how do you guys see the song we're
up to something beauty you are my life
you are my life you my only one and only
one look I love you a lot
and it's time I show in the field wait
you love two people yes well one there's
gonna be a lot of this and it's gonna be
me so get ready for the wedding
okay can you write a secret shirt please
I'll buy it you want a sermon can't be
the color pink
please pink blue green with everyone
again a few after the slightest viewers
oh yeah do you are baby just just just
watch as I defeat him jump into the guy
I'm sorry this is gonna be you shake get
vu
you know what's not my friend that's
mind she's not wife called it first we
don't have to ring I don't have money
but it's reserved I put deposit well I
see God
I put deposit and Julia started I paid
full point people she didn't have it
shit ha yo listen that's my wife dough
must move listen it's not fun that's my
job no I do you don't mess with my idea
don't worry Foreman oh I think you want
huh why you're lucky this is between me
you like it this is between ladies bill
say it don't spray our stop spitting
right I'm sorry
she'd get me mind that she's already
more easier she's already much she's
never yours she's not baby the worst man
and shit surgeries top so you got any
one how about this put your hand down to
get over there in front of let's go it
was look listen I asked her dad I told
her that can I marry her he said yes she
said yes she never said yes yes she said
why you meet her - is it that's good dad
in my dad yes it back told me yes so do
something huh yo just touch the wipe it
off let go back up get all the way took
you off you know I'm sorry don't watch
her like that don't touch I swear to God
- right now huh he thinks his joke what
the heck and you can keep it that's a
white girl you tell your wife that's it
son she's yours yo take it
oh you guys so we're still on first
place for the YouTube star on the Shorty
Awards but Justin Bieber is in third
place out of nowhere he came to third
place and if you guys want come on vote
for us below I don't know why and how
we're competing it just against Justin
Bieber and this is gonna be pretty hard
for us so yeah I mean inshallah we can't
we can't um we can just gonna be let
down right now we got to still keep
going and let's do this team a si do me
gang we got this all right so we're
waiting on the train till we get home
and this is vine whoever you land on
that's who you're gonna marry so shake
ready hello ready yeah take your time
real smell on you lady huh I go ha ha
she's gorgeous hit Chile next mangamma
Ready Set oh my god
let me see if I can get a reading on no
that's it I got Ringo actually oh she's
beautiful man got her nose is sexy man
I'm telling you perfect
even know her yeah I do pushy my wife
wears the name chick anymore hi guys so
it's time to wrap up this flag hope you
guys all enjoyed this flag and if you
guys did enjoy the small skip we had
give this video this flag a thumbs up
and we'll do more of it we try to make
these vlogs different everyday like a
variety of stuff for your entertainment
and we just want it to be we want to
give our best every day for each flag to
be you know to be as entertaining as it
can so you guys can enjoy it and look
forward to it every day and thank you
guys to always look forward to it every
day and like tweet us and let us know
when when is it going to be up itself
and if you guys want to know a little
secret whenever I say no vlog will be up
in five minutes on Twitter it's always
up in three minutes
so yeah that's a little secret whenever
I say it's five minutes toes up three
minutes and the people who always
retweet the vlogs of me and Shake we
always ran des my follow them and DM
them randomly so yeah if you do retweet
our stuff thank you so much and make
sure you go vote we are had we have been
rehearsing
to our shows for 2014 it's been taking
longer than we thought once we're done
rehearsing and once where we got our
performance ready because we're gonna be
doing comedy skits and stand-up and
that's what's been taking us a while
once but once we get it done we're gonna
get booked for um for a lot of shows and
it shot a lot we get to meet you all
and then after that yeah after that we
start doing a TV show and a lot is gonna
happen just take it but I buy time and
you guys will be here with us with the
flocks that's how we do vlog so you guys
can be here with us and thank you for
always being there with us and it's
really fun everyday being with you guys
talking with you guys let us know in the
comments below what do you guys want to
see every day what do you guys want to
see let us know we see you guys almost
every day so yeah take care and peace
