sup guys so right now we're at the
center where we're gonna pick up our
little cans and mine's already set as
already said all right so it's time to
see the kittens that we got I got my
cell phone assuming that is we got the
food here below we got a boob scooper we
got some toys some more toys here so
we're getting ready would like go to
Houston we're home and then this is the
litter box page bit of a nose one right
here named it like I named already it's
name is bueno
so every day I think I don't know I went
up when I was a good cat shakes nothing
I wasn't Audrey honey not any real
because it is Lucia Lucia grant yeah she
looks like Edison just like me let me
have this right here dude I came up with
the names - bueno hisses briyani
ready is everyone no it's not whenever I
mention a Brioni
I saw where you're the mothers they have
they take a lot of time to think of it
Tom I'm gonna be the dad you're not the
mother is your mom or dad dad so he just
called himself a mother
my name is bueno so bueno it is what's
yours come on name Brioni I'm gonna take
two marks my let me I already see shake
hold the hell up I want to see shake
hold I want to see how I'll shake is
gonna be activated hold I want to see
that for sure
haha yeah little easy
I don't know you gonna hear the hook
hold your hands like that
hey I guess you know and he's such a
body like widows already like and see
what I've went up your wise walking off
i boy not cuz you're not putting your
hand facilities you one thing thing you
do take it hi bueno yo sup
cheese oh yeah you're Buenos backing up
oh my god me boy I'm gonna be fighting
Brioni on the show
why no chill when his buddy lot
what's up Brioni hi boy I know you like
use it which one's better mine right
when does cool air yeah I like chefs
better I'm - I know chunky that works
big chunky look look damn I don't know
how I'm gonna take selfies with Wayne or
pictures Manda's yeah is this gonna buck
here hi how the bed the mom children so
case we chose bueno this one is one of
us taking care neither the cat
difference was we can see oh those are
nice that's mine yeah that's boy now and
that's biryani made that way yes with
you good at the camera and if I father
anyway
yeah hiding
see your boy knows been running away
from me for the past five minutes eating
we're gonna have we're gonna fight today
we fight in today
give it up come on come on gonna be
scared
this is gonna be it's gonna be afraid
for a couple days but hopefully it'll go
better chorus what's his name haven't
you various temporary name EP honey I
don't want to think about your cat it's
amazing a little bit it's as Matt and I
think we'll give it cracks all right so
I'm with shakes cat Brioni it is more
calm
look it's so chilling so calm - is like
learning about so much what's in the
cage could mean the cage until it's home
so why now it's been a bad boy ready
Briana has been real good shake says
shake set is unnamed by name - Briana I
think she'll be named Briana he's better
hey what up what up says it was like
really like relax hope that outdrink
shape oh no oh no no chill erson we are
well bonus on it oh wait we're not
trying to commit suicide
oh my god whoa each other go point on
when I was like a la Hawk water isn't
blue
I mean Oh Briana I keep mixing up the
names I'm sorry wheeler oh my god yeah
Wow run the world it's an actual graphic
at different branches yeah many one a
little one you shot I go up brother you
gotta go huh hmm it's not a toy say hi
boy no all right come sit down
consider hi everyone no we mean he's
good
okay come sit down come sit down good
sit down come
yeah hey how are you hey bueno
look at one open him you don't eat that
let's not for you the way in please let
me go next day here I see it was getting
fires muscles oh don't throw it you're
not such a drove every man does it play
with him play with him oh you got it go
to get it you must scare this is their
first time sinico is good
Hey look who is nice look look Wow nice
look he's good your mother but like this
wing he's good not like this attack
Stella here oh yeah yeah yeah hi bueno
mmm got like this enjoys should get
shiny she's getting you start bed and
everything
hey what's up
name is bueno nightcap you must blend of
like uh bueno wanna oh no man oh man
cuz hiding back here Rima loves it a lot
what say bueno say bueno bueno bueno y
say bueno bueno bueno y no bueno I think
so it's gonna take a couple days for boy
not to get used to us so if you guys see
it getting scared of us it's not scared
of us anything it has to get used to
what so and a couple days it should be
better and Rema Rema and bueno Rieman
bueno are gonna be besties and best
friends okay yeah like it is bueno say
bueno only Arabs this kid him every
single animal huh go get it here we go
go get it it's a nice carry ma his name
is bueno he's real nice night jack he's
nice me Rima and shake we just wanted to
give a huge welcome to boy no and
biriyani da try to homey kittens wine on
Brioni a huge shout out to our manager
for giving us these kittens they're so
adorable they're the greatest and
hopefully they get used to us and
hopefully they love us so bueno and
Brioni welcome to the team a sa family
come on in keep it up you like it
beeping hmm
Dean look at who loves cats but she's
scared to get close to it but she's just
gonna love it if you guys know anything
about cats that will help them know
what's better and you know treat us
better not like scratch us or something
or something good because I don't really
know that much about cats please please
leave a comment below and let us know
you know anything that that to do or
something to give them or something for
it to like Rima more so I don't remember
being scared of it and even to me so so
this is my
he's madchild really really shy he's
adorable huh he drew but he's so shy
he's only wanna so late that like me oh
I go play bingo mind my place so quiet
I don't wanna the one that's like crazy
runs around my mind like always it seem
to be carrying heavy carry were you
cracking your knuckles before you carry
go it's hairy you go get ready
mmm so do you boo boo boo
I don't know what I'm gonna I don't know
biryani Sola piane father in the yellow
but I he's scared of heights no he's
okay now put it up slowly I'm on the
reason why God I'm understood what you
let's go buddy
he's not by really like I want to call
him her shoes or be naughty but I'm not
sure I like nothing like I don't know
okay Phoenix evz I think I didn't sing a
shower he's doing two already how do you
what he said
so after a while we finally decided to
call it yeah yep
we're gonna call it Cameron that's gonna
be his new name caramel cuz he's camel
colored and Karen was a cute name
okay I was a cubic hey like Carol so
it's gone caramel caramel so we will
quote my little brother Eric to plate it
on though he went back in mom I think I
know what you saw what are you doing he
took his crazy buddy see each other's
benedito me alright so he just did his
business the first time and we
experienced it and here's one want to be
on about the cat's
before they are used to a changing state
they always dig and then they do it hey
Dee so shake name disk and caramel I
told him he should name it Briana you
guys even said to name Brioni I don't
know I thought Briana would be a much
more unique name caramel it seems more
like a lot of people use it I think I'm
not the Brioni we better but he named it
caramel he said is his kid so he named a
caramel
but don't be scared are you serious why
no you're my sneaker what the heck
hi bueno what's up how you doing
hit you hungry no food and what I guess
was time to wrap up this vlog was a long
day with our new kittens bueno and
caramel tell I'm not gonna call you a
kitten care mom I'm gonna call it myself
Brianna so but huge thumbs up to welcome
our kittens to the team a sa family
thank you guys so much hope you guys are
gonna love these kittens this is the
starts our debate in a couple of days I
know I have been saying that for the
past couple days but I'm waiting till
debate tells me the info on the meeting
agree so I can tell you guys so you guys
can come through because it is going to
be crazy it's gonna be wild is gonna be
SuperDuper hot so I'll see you guys
there I both see you guys smile with a
new AAS a daily vlogs take care and
peace
