hey guys what's up right now we're
walking to go shopping shopping so we're
gonna go - I don't know
I'll check no we want to urban out for
this alley gonna Urban Outfitters he
likes going to hmm I don't know why
codes even stand for I don't know which
is H and M stands for but the white he
like urban offers it's more like it's
more like like what it's more as cooler
no this is different it's not cooling so
more like it's cool like God take it of
stuff what the heck are you serious each
and ever one I listen H it is more
classy so that's why I like going there
he goes sorry so I'm not classy okay
goodbye
this is true story a si I'm Adam I'm
shake I'm Adam
what year is 2060 - yes it is I remember
the old days back in 2013 when we used
to mix video you okay you hold on to me
buddy hold on - it was just really crazy
I miss my habit ease I that this is
YouTube we did YouTube so we can find
you can find a wife you know now we have
I have 18 kids he has how many kids you
out I actually have tried it actually
dwelt don't yes I forgot to let them a
little bit so Oh how's your wife doing
Victoria
many wives do you have I had four and
three of them left
oh the second one the cute one the cute
one it does oh they're all very cute can
I marry too much I don't cheat a really
long hit underground you want to see
mother come here that girl's hot turn
around
I'm the harmfully Colonel sir under
arrest Shh be quiet sir eyes look
straight look down look down is all
these two go should I get all the hurry
back oh um you have the right permits on
it you have the right to not eat pork
you have the right to not say anything
um
hold up your that I cannot look at
anybody it's only look once do not look
twice please okay I'm so sorry I'm like
that oh my god not even ask me and by
accident I wasn't around why he was just
once please my user messing around
please let me check get above it today
we have with you the king of Bangladesh
and the king of Yemen we are gonna have
a debate on which country is better
Oh be quiet Oh oh that was real sorry
what is wrong with you I'm very sorry
okay I am I will oppose I can you shut
up please
what is better this is a competition
this is the calm before you continue
which way is it
these are this as this way I want to
tell you that my country I can't hear
you my country huh my country my country
ah we make butter food
you in your country okay okay I'm sorry
you are wrong there you know why tell me
why because my country has so many card
officials and if you're the top roll
don't like fish that is why you guys are
so skinny and order you can healthy the
fish sorry okay
the fish in Yemen it makes you smart the
fish in Bangladesh makes you stupid
do you have rivers anything will have
rivers in here we are sworn in oops I'm
good
we take showers and Padma rivers okay so
that's the reason why this virus oh the
leaf we don't use that dirty water
that's coming from a pole how do you
know this clip well the river is dirty
how is it there is dirt in the bottom
like spongebob Bikini Bottom I had I'm
hearing that your country don't even
have TV or anything
we do have TV we have two toilets in
bathroom one toilet is to poop another
toilet is to clean here please okay Shh
this is reality this is I'm not saying
this is a joke I'm saying this as a
reality I'm the king of Yemen because I
they they put me as King because I make
I make good good reasons of saying of
why Yemen is one of the best or three
you know is a poor country we're still
so much fun
our country is very hollow ok look what
Adam is seriously the most immature kid
I've ever seen he bought two balloons to
use the helium to change up his voice is
something like our he's like 20 years
old be acts like a nine-year-old
sometimes so what come to do here ha
ready do it yeah how do you again
25-pin sent my heart when you ever gonna
grow swifty Masson it's not you you're
not never have to do it so don't unless
you want to do it you don't wanna do it
I like that I want you to do what you
have to do because your voice is deep
imagine if it's like I do a J - doing
good
I'm relaxing just chilling you know what
it is yeah it's so funny oh my gosh yeah
do I do that
do I sound like that how do you do that
you everything like that get jelly you
don't good I'm chilling my man you know
what it is yeah gotta talk ghetto with
his voice you know what it is so I was
just about to do it and I came out up to
make a hole for me and keep up wasn't my
fault Oh seriously yeah how's it he's
gonna through yourself I want to you to
pop sucks so yeah what did he do so bad
huh
oh man oh well rest in peace balloon
have fun it's nice meeting me once again
shake is on his phone yeah I'll go a
shopping here in Urban Outfitters the
coolest spot ever to shop at all right
EJ a Chennai Museum whatever uh if you
like eh and then get out here sir get up
hey boom I love you hang on stop I'm
gonna go outside
yeah sit down first sit down a few
months ago as I should she'll do
anything to us come on sit down
turn around turn say aye
sis no say aye you're not always gonna
say that Rima say I eat boogers boogers
go like this ina go like this right
boogers
hey yo Gazoo Hey
oh go like this go to beyond see them go
like this hey get her Eva forgive me a
kiss give everybody kiss tell them
you're sorry for crying for the other
day give everybody kiss over here come
on give them a kiss one two soda give
them a big kiss right now go hmm okay
that's a big kiss okay
muah good mor okay Oh mwah Reema what
are you making out what the frickin keep
making out that Reema say sorry Kelly I
say sorry for crying I see thumbs up
epic dumb putt
okay see thumbs up oh hey bye alright
guys so it's time to wrap up this vlog
hope you guys all enjoyed this flag if
you guys enjoyed this vlog and enjoy the
AC daily flags we have make sure you
guys go vote for us we're still in
second place and you guys got us a head
a lot we're so close to first place and
yes it's on the link will be below so
make sure you guys go and vote yeah
it'll truly mean a lot and I don't know
but say no just just go just do it just
do it
like Nike said so we're glad that we can
always make you guys smile and we can
brighten up your guys days with a CA
daily vlogs and we'll start with our
Instagram videos with with just
everything I tweet and it just truly
means a lot to us that we can we can
provide that too so thank you guys so
much for always showing a lot of love
and just being with us you know just
just amazing everyday you know weird
like it's crazy everyday we see each
other every day we not like frou-frou
but every day we see each other every
day we you know we talk to each other we
you know this just amazing and thank you
guys so much because you guys are
amazing so yeah go vote we'll see you
guys on Sunday peace
