hey guys sup right now we're at Urban
Outfitters we are shopping and summer
shopping stuff and Urban Outfitters is
one of my favorite places to shop but
they don't have our size like a small
it's still small and I need an extra
small what is this M Hey same here what
would the guys seen this seems sighs
this should be Statue of Liberty you
have amazing shit they got I don't know
what this is criminal this is the
Illuminati shirt shake onto your white
pants
what do
that one a little bit I like that shit
gimme shirts like that steal this mom
yeah what size that it's already small
oh my god
37 I suppose you can show us the
quickest way to fold clothes right that
is crazy
let me show you how fold mine you could
probably do this equation right over
here yeah and you make an imaginary line
and right where the center is you reach
it you hold it you can ship yeah so you
take this across you're on hold the end
I've come a ticket in my room cuz I have
a bunch of clothes in my room so they
put our with music here to open up they
seem that you know Arabs are in here so
this American saying how do you know
what's worth course right now
songs
and it is true story a si and the crowd
goes wild
oh my god they're doing their signature
dance what do you guys think of these
shirts I think they look cool
I don't know it's - I think it's better
than shake I'm like you know what you
know I think my it looks better on both
of you every dollar he bucks I don't
live this one looks - like I keep you
barely a pink bra with like lady why you
can look we gotta wear on that syncs up
swear it is too late maybe next time
we'll do it is it did the DJ Karima
straight drop you drop it drop below
girl hey hi guys we just got done
shopping
right now we're going so we go
we go to it's an Indian Indian food
we're going to an Indian food restaurant
can you drop me off to 32nd Street
please I'm gonna go hop in the back I'm
a hop in the back he dropped me off to
30 seconds
any job
I'll hop in the back but it's going back
nah I just navigate
you know now we're here the homies been
watching suck it you see without spice
goods would have Brent overeating bear
burger pretty cool if the water comes
like this allergy would you like on it
ten minutes later and we are still
ordering to this or ten minutes later
with or
my key sauce spicy mayo and spicy
ketchup that's great
it's also surviving amazing oh my god
the PI C building looks beautiful 9a it
looks like so slow
after we cuz we're so full yeah I feel
like I'm for most pregnant horse feels
pregnant I feel like I'm six months
pregnant remember I was the first pink
man oh yeah how do you gotta let it go
through quite a big thing for us feel
free
so you can never be pregnant happy
Mother's Day I see ten minutes later
walkin we just got to the who doesn't
got set up I see him and it was so kind
of far away a couple ago whoo
one day for the blog we're gonna go all
the way up there and we're gonna blog
there so right now we're heading towards
the move what do you say we're heading
towards the movies right now sounds
better much better right is better than
thing way better huh so we are heading
to the movies then we are gonna watch
what we can watch
we're gonna watch the million dollar
hand what's it about it's about this day
she woke America all right and you play
baseball very good baseball okay so I
think it's about some guy who transfers
himself he plays quick and then you know
it's about it's about this is about the
American guy that he owns a better
baseball team like it he was about to
get kicked out then he goes different
countries are going to see what kind of
games they play then he goes to India
Bangladesh one of these countries that
bang that that is Bangladesh Bangladesh
good I'm sorry Bangladesh go yeah go
then he picks he sees a play cricket and
he said like do that he likes well
actually three of them then he just
brought him back to the u.s. to play
baseball
yeah you only do that to me that's one
right here do disciples okay the Arab
Michael Jackson ready so he's gonna make
Sado
out of wax is that wax
listen Matt what is that wax it's a
menthol no okay right always gonna make
you out of clay that is crazy
so it looks a lot like you know he's
yelling I don't understand
Jr left us to go in the car and blasts
his own music missus well he always does
he does James just left us to go to be
in a fancier car but he don't know where
this car got bigger
you don't know it's crazy man that's
crazy
diggity passes I know I know you I know
you're not listening to solo yeah yeah
it is so much that is crazy
here's our view item
the physics like I'm like a finger
last time we've been here in the piers
was in Roma Bahn we're chillin I love
this view was amazing right now it's
been like 12 so I love you in the sound
of the sea look at this amazing you can
see the freaking shadow of the whole
bridge it doesn't matter ASIS look yo
all the rocks are black and is one white
rock right then what the heck
hi guys it's time to wrap up this vlog
hope you all enjoyed this flag it was a
fun day shopping and hanging out with
the homies I came home pretty late so I
couldn't see Rima but you guys will see
her tomorrow this is the starts or Dubey
is next I will be there
I'll be leaving from New York to the bay
on may 18th May 19th and the meet and
greet will be on May 20th or May 21st I
will keep you guys updated with the
meet-and-greet info I will tell you guys
the exact info for the meet and greet
real real soon so if anybody's from the
bay or around the bay and want to come
to the meeting greet come through it is
gonna be live it is gonna be crazy and I
might be belly dancing so I'll tell you
guys wasn't on the meet and greet once
they tell me which is in about a day or
two I'll tell you guys on the vlog or on
Twitter and or both I'm gonna say
everywhere I'm leaving the comments
below let me know if I should do a belly
dancing in Dubai so tell me what places
should I do it if anybody's from Dubai
you know chef doing Dwight Mall heart of
Dubai Mall has like amazing stuff there
so I don't know if I should do it I
don't want to get like beat up about
somebody or anything if I do so good
some of you guys might have my back so
we'll see you guys tomorrow with another
ACA daily vlogs
take care team al-sheikh and peace
