rise and shine
good morning say good clean if you like
some audition
yeah I'm Jenna via respect huh but you
were gonna make me wash the dishes
no you were everybody I said no I got a
good wash it come on school buses
whistle so come on right now about to go
pick up chicks
yes my dear
yes care we're picking up up you're
picking them up from school and we came
like 20 minutes late so they were
looking for us
so that was scare them somebody would
like took you guys that's a mountain
nothing going on
I love this kid how much cuz I'm gonna
vote you had a boat so you keep giving
them snacks after after after school so
say can you give me snacks you're doing
it daddy guys do what you want
busy masha'Allah I wish you had little
brothers and sisters I only have one
little brother but you like looks older
than me once again I'm wearing the same
clothes necessary budget six hours huh I
go in this weather every day for a
weekend and I wouldn't care what anybody
says
okay then I'm half Italian half Spanish
Dutch Apollo see anyone yeah my dad is
Spanish and my mom my dad's Bengali my
mom is French oh because my dad he
ceased to be Bengali guy like you
he's to be bad boy like he needs to go
to the club like you and he said just
dance for ladies then one day he slept
with a lady she do she was like this
Columbia maybe she look like Shakira
Shakira
the polar vortex basically a great
whirling pool of extremely cold weather
located in 2002 feet into the air so
right here at the meeting we got another
rehearsal day - do we want to keep
rehearse until we get it perfect for you
guys for the 2014 tour and we still need
to come up with a name for it so we're
gonna let you guys know what it is gonna
be soon so all right I'm gonna do Henson
I said to always do Hanson when I was
younger like in high school and stuff
and now I want to see how long I can do
like the handstand for so let's see how
it goes 1 7 5 5 8 10 11 14 16 18 18 18
seconds aerosol way has dropped in 18
second 1 4 7 8 9 11 14 16 17 18 19 20 20
seconds
ladies and gentlemen behind me is I'm
solid who is going to jump over this
chair this thing and the foosball thing
and right after there's another chair
and he's going to attempt to jump all
over that and he's going to attempt to
jump over all this in a matter of
seconds can you do this when they find
out I'm live from Brooklyn New York and
this is shake out Bar None Brooklyn
Queens
and he is live first a few seconds taken
off another sack you know hold for me
be assured it smells good I promise you
smells good
socks whoa
okay guys it's a matter of seconds
before he does it
let's find out what happened sir he said
let's take a more friends pretty y'all
love me that's all I did all this
without any trouble on me and ah Minami
before we leave in two last words listen
your parents mom if I die I love you so
much you guys started watching
if I pass away I love you guys have
faith in me I got faith in myself I got
the stuff happening to you you have
faith in me yes why you got me so hard
you don't have to wait for me all right
guys it's the time the moment has
finally came he is about to do jump
where is he
I'm sorry I'm sorry step forward
yes all right guys a tattoo now
I feel kind of proud because I just
walked on the Foods Bob i'ma try this
one more time
adverse all you've tempted to jump over
this and filled two times had an eye
video fail sir sorry I actually almost
got it so don't talk to me like that sir
please I apology for that I probably
have better please do not talk to my
head okay so I'm just gonna die wall the
maze here sorry I'm just gonna jump over
the foosball because watch out telex oh
yeah I'm just over that really high so
okay ladies and gentlemen here is Adams
fourth attempt to jump over the food
oh yeah okay get up let's have a
interview ladies in general Adam Saul
has finally made it over without
touching the foosball who's crazy
before awesome and I feel like I let you
guys down because I didn't do it sure I
got it was time to wrap up this vlog
hope you guys all enjoyed this flag make
sure you guys go Turkey if you guys
haven't checked out the movie that
Morrigan is making that we're gonna be
in mean shake the trailer will be below
and he is doing a Kickstarter where he
wants everybody to help out you know
raise funds for the movie to make a nice
Hollywood movie and we have it filmed
our part of them but when shallow will
be filming it soon but we need your
guy's help and we need team ESA to help
out on my Regan you know I remember even
got his team helping on the whole world
Muslim community didn't have to be
Muslim to help out so it would mean a
lot if anybody can help out the link is
below for Kickstarter you can donate as
much as you can but anybody can donate a
minimum of $1 each of us that'll help so
much so imagine if each and every single
one of us donate $1 for the movie it'll
it'll be amazing because we want a
Hollywood movie a Muslim entertainment
movie to be on the big screen and be in
theaters and stuff so yeah if you guys
would help out and like me below
appreciate it so much
and I know it'll make all my Rican smile
and it'll make you guys smile when you
guys watch the movie that we're gonna be
in with him and seriously we're so
excited we cannot wait
so it'll mean the world to us not just
him to us too so thank you guys so much
for that if you guys aren't gonna happen
if you're not is okay you can just show
your support by sharing it and yeah for
the giveaway I'll be choosing the person
tomorrow right now it's Monday so I'm
choosing it tomorrow let you guys know
what it is in tomorrow's vlog and yeah
good luck for everybody well we will be
doing more of it thank you guys so much
for everything for the love and support
we truly appreciate it we will have a
lot more new videos coming soon
once this weather like warms up and
cools up so yeah we'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care and peace
