so this is what happens when shake aqua
uploads vlog and it's all him and
everything this is what happened this is
what the ad turns out to be this is of
any look it's so like creepy like the
desi stuff would just come out of door
when he's like it's like they know he
didn't leave on the table ready
no fighting no fighting no fighting no
fighting
they see my soul as it is no boy I don't
know if I were you guys talking which is
the G the G 1 2 3 G's safely please
smoking cigarettes too much you might
want to know me you're mowing and only
the dog smelled it twice Morgan
no no that's not good we're smoking it's
not it's not good brother it is not good
it's been so cold these past few days
it's like we don't know how how how are
you gonna go out or hang out whatever
but tonight I'm sleeping over sheiks
house having slept in like so long so he
invited me to his house I always invite
him to mouth but he just never wants to
come he's so shy he thinks that Arabs
are so like so are so mean and scary but
they're not because they're not because
when I go to raise I have to be like oh
it's not like oh you know my sister
could go out of the brother no no no you
go to my house you're gonna be normal
like give me chill you can't do
cartwheels anywhere in my how to do it
no I can do cows no I cannot do
cartwheels in out when I go this house I
have to like change to their personal
shake quit YouTube and he's um he's
gonna be a gas station guy now come on
put it huh come on
come on let's go oh I challenge you to a
snowball fight it snowball fight ever
gonna love them
I guess you surrendered game over
chicken bar what what Hannah replies you
wanna do huh it's gonna fall you're
gonna fall I'm gonna fall Jake I have no
it's like so foggy right now we could
barely see anything with like a fog it
is I mean through the camera you can see
it's um but I'm saying you can't see
enough no cars or nothing I know videos
up so if you guys haven't checked it out
the link will be below make sure you
guys go turkey and go watch and enjoy
once if we wanted to do like a skit a
rant thing because we haven't done one
of those in like so long so you'll get
off your phone
seriously good I'm Liz I may be I'm
listen to you what do you listen to oh
my god car oh yeah make sure you guys
check it out and we appreciate if you
guys give it a thumbs up and let us know
a video do you guys what next meet a
Muslim person parts who might be next if
it's not that cold because usually the
these days has been really really cold
and it's been really really annoying and
I've been really really saying really
really a lot and its really really
irritating if I throw you in the snow Oh
yeah as a humble man I'm not gonna take
no action for his immaturity hmm all
right that's enough
all right is it okay we're gonna shake
sauce right now and I'm gonna sleep over
his house but I want to get snacks in
the supermarket first for everybody in
the house so we can have a slumber party
slumber party thunder party what is it
about looking at me goose or everybody's
like deaf staring at me right now
because I see
excuse me do you guys sell lines
do you guys sell Lions Lions all right
lion I want to eat a lion tiger you miss
all Tigers
what's in front they sell Tigers oh okay
so this today apparent ease of Tigers
movie but I gotta ask him in front so I
don't know if these brownies this how I
tested the brown is good it's squishy
and it
I don't like go on his horse or like
this alright it was
it's kind of spooky but it still hold
the shake no hold it we please what's
wrong
I'm not sweating Wawa always in say 20
Zola but now that you've reminded me
twins now that you reminded me he said
well look I wasn't well I wasn't gonna
say it but then you reminded me but we
are gonna get it I'm serious
hold this hold it dragon again twinsies
we're gonna get a double gonna grab
about a towel paper towel and they got
white pizza so this is the desi one
shake twinsies right here happy
Josie this fries for DC to use and just
for some of the kind of dark skin so you
can't say yeah not all problems wrong
well still your you guys are called
brown lazy same thing keeps you hold it
give me hold it just hold it
oh wow you're already serious while
they're copying us they took idea we're
gonna sell someone says some who says
like with cheese and every time
Spencer's symbol says it because the day
co-owner that's why so you guys just
copy it you said you were gonna start
see like this is having my son what's up
with cheese like samosa gosh shambles
you can you shut up to see some moves on
the moves that which even now like
Masson failure witness to them we're
supposed to make a first no way
sushi didn't believe it I've never like
you know so Islands right now but to to
piazzas the dance what's called junk in
WA junk in love let it all go
against that nothing I let let her do it
so I'll chain one hairstyle this morning
but I put I'll put it back to the way it
was it was kind of shorter now because I
kind of got a lot of negative feedback
but I want to get a hair side that you
guys were all like in that we'll all
like together but if it doesn't work out
I'll just shave my head bald yes finally
I mean not that I wanted yeah I'm gonna
get a new haircut so I'm gonna highlight
don't get blonde highlights right here
not a madness stuff why she can actually
I'm gonna even care about her it's
whatever you guys like well I'll do it
if not you see here this is like a nice
area where she can walk through and sing
and he doesn't want to sing cuz he says
he always sings the same song but I'm
gonna make him sing it cuz it sounds
good
Oh
go behind you
you go are you buddy Nagisa Kathy Dave
every I can't want you the Mira to just
sit you Donna cutter home shank it could
disengage you down keep it on him he
minute don't be many a shaky did you say
shaky but he is a shaky not you you bout
to fall I saved your life
oh my God thank you so much that's where
you're gonna put me no to give me fans
what you're about to go to my house
Peter take off your hat take off your
hat let me teach you to go grab up
higher higher higher
ok alright ok that taking of your head
let me tell you how to be a taker of
yeah
so y'all give any no no hat on the
nothing you had okay well what saw it
was what are you doing
are you K now yet step out the house
this is unique that let me go faster
depends door closing the number for four
seconds to leave until the closes no we
continue and it goes faster shakes house
and it's time to wrap up this vlog so
hope you guys all enjoy its flag make
sure you guys go turkey go bear biriyani
Yanni could be on go and go turkey like
this like that I saw you check out the
new video is below we appreciate it
priest you guys so much thank you guys
so much for everything for the giveaway
and everything this is this is one of
the rules for the giveaway might think
there's about s'mores Monday one more
day left so this is what we're gonna do
if you want one of your friends to win
you can tweet us and tell them and tell
us oh I want that friend she I think she
should win and tell us reason so
and if we see a good reason and as much
people saying to that that why that
person should win then we'll choose
because we just gonna be hard choosing
in like recently you guys didn't blowing
up her another Instagram feels like like
every second is like a dimensions and we
want to appreciate it so much and we
hope we're gonna do more soon of these
giveaways so it's very difficult to
choose someone but we're gonna choose
someone by Tuesday that did that so yeah
um see you guys tomorrow
take care and be this was shaken easy
does it
