this is my hair as a mess is how I look
at night and I know I look like a
mushroom head of broccoli had everything
but we'll shave it soon so you still
love me oh hey guys what's up
assalamualaikum what I'm with Ally we're
back at hey guys doing today you guys
doing good good yeah good ok cool
ok yeah happy Friday I hope you guys are
all doing well and I just wanted to say
that we couldn't blog today because a
blizzard aka hurricane aka I don't know
what is it supposed to be called since
they named hurricanes and blizzards easy
they should have just named it like
Blizzard Adam that would've been pretty
cool right how did they name how did it
how did they name these hurricanes stuff
like do they just come up with the name
or and we couldn't get the vlog
yesterday because it was our dad's
birthdays and almost every other Arab
dad's birthday I don't know buy they see
desperately but Letta Arabs then they
come to the country you know they just
they just make their birthday January
1st I don't know why and I guess it's
just like it easy it's like an easy day
or something the first thing we'll start
talking about is a giveaway that I'm
doing for my 100k Instagram followers
not to reach 100,000 followers on
Instagram so I decided that you know I
should do a giveaway something for you
guys to give you guys back in return I
mean I know I don't have much I don't
know what to return I mean to give you
guys back or anything but I decided I'll
give you a have a sweater I have a
sweater that I have that guy sweater it
says wallah um well lust she's mine and
another sweater that says wallah he's
mine I was like like like film with it
and stuff like that but then I don't
wear the wool oh he's mine one so I
decided if you guys want to participate
you know somebody could win that if
anybody else wants to participate they
can get a shout-out on the vlog and yeah
so this is how it's gonna be so I have a
sweater that says woe loss she's mine
and there's this sweater it says it says
wallah he's mine all you guys have to do
is any picture
me and shake or me any picture you got
us choose your favorite picture whatever
and you guys post it up on Instagram
Twitter Facebook anything and just just
tag us on it I guess the person who does
it the most or something or the person I
always see doing it will win I'll
actually sign this shirt I mean I don't
know I don't know if a guy could win
this but if a guy does it we could give
you a shout-out on the vlog I wish I had
like hundreds of these so I can give it
to you guys but unfortunately I only got
one and I give you I can give you my
love I don't know
but no cirsium I want to I want to get I
want to return something with you guys
and when you guys get this shirt whoever
wins this they're actually gonna get an
Instagram shout-out with me so it's
gonna it's gonna be like a crop top
picture like I'll wear the wallah I'll
wear the well duh she's mine and whoever
wins this will wear the well he's mine
and you have to send me your picture and
then I'll sign it here and then and you
send me your picture and then we'll be
like a cropped picture and I'll put it
up on my Instagram and yeah I don't know
I don't know if that's even cool enough
you don't think it's cool enough then
you could just do it you could just do
like I'll put a picture of me and shake
or whatever tag us so we can see it and
you'll get a shout out on the vlog we're
gonna give you guys till mmm give it
dato tyll tyll tyll tyll Tuesday Tuesday
sounds good yet we'll give you guys
still Tuesday and then we'll announce
the winner I want to get back to you
guys for helping me reach 100,000
followers on Instagram so if you guys
want to participate in it um I guess go
ahead and have fun
and I'll be looking I'll be on the
lookout on Instagram and Twitter and
Facebook and if you don't want to
participate understand I guess you know
we still cool we cool be cool we cool we
cool beard is getting so long seriously
guys Susy leave it in the comments below
should i it's not like you guys Karaca
but should I um should I maybe some of
you guys care enough but should I um
shave all right I put in the comment
below write shave beard trim beard or
don't shave beard
all right so trying to shave it trim it
or not shave it so I was on the train
today and I saw these a guy and the lady
talked they're like an older guy and
older woman talking about Islam and
stuff and it got to my head it was a lot
to talk about I know they kind of didn't
know I was Muslim stuff because I was in
the middle and they were both talking
like between me and stuff and I'm just
there with my headphones on pretending
that I don't pretending that I don't I
don't hear them it's about put my volume
on low I don't know if you guys ever did
that but I've my volume on low just to
listen on them they kept talking about
you know Islam and stuff and I heard the
guy say this he said that he doesn't
pray he only praise when when like
something's bad is going on and when
like when he feels like air so he say he
never ever prays unless he want
something's going on he really wants it
so bad when he's in trouble he started
spraying it stuff in and I could kind of
relate to that I've done that a couple
of times back in high school when I said
never ever pray but then like during
hard times like when I would like get in
trouble suspended like like when I want
something to happen I would just pray
and then and it's kind of wrong because
you're just you know you're just praying
to when you're in trouble but then when
you're happy you think you don't you
shouldn't pray which is really really
wrong and he was telling the lady how he
can like how he can change that how can
he pray five times a day without with
being happy and without not just praying
when he's in trouble when he's down or
stuff like that so I was going to tell
him like start talking some stuff but
then he ended up leaving to stop so I
was like hey that's kind of a good idea
I could tell you guys if anybody's like
happened the same like if you don't pray
five times a day you know people who are
not Muslim to watching this if you think
like five times a day praying this a lot
it's it's it's not a lot it's like if
you can go on Twitter for ten minutes
each hour then you can pray five times
eight it's you got to be reminded every
day about you know God and the Lutton
who created you and you gotta always I'm
gonna be honest I always try to pray
five times they like I try my best every
day and I'm not gonna lie sometimes I
don't pray sometimes I hear you three
times sometimes I would pay four times
and the days where I pray like five
times I feel I feel happy and I feel
accomplished I feel like like like I'm
good and when I continue that I pray
five times again and again again it just
it's like part of my life Allah didn't
didn't tell us to pray five times a day
because it's for his benefit it's for
our benefit and it's for us to be
rewarded inshallah and
and during the day judgment that's going
to be the first question they ask us did
you pray five times a day and to help
you out by this you know praying as I
said it doesn't take that much time you
can say this small so does if you know
put on small Soto's it's really quick if
you want to say big shoulder you can say
big school you know this society like
today in this world I barely see any
people you know any kids like my age or
anything praying I always see them you
know I mean you can still have fun you
can still go out you know hang out with
your friends but you know I feel like
you should still pretty you don't have
to
praying doesn't make you whoa my god
you're so religious does it make you
like an extremist or like you're so
nothing that makes you just makes you a
Muslim sometimes I would tell myself
like I'm gonna start praying every day
five times day five times a day or I'm
gonna pray five times a and then usually
back in high school I would only pray
when I needed trouble but then I thought
of it I thought of it this way I was
like if I pray five times a day every
day I would I would be protected by
Allah so I was like you know why I might
as well pray five times a day and I
won't be in trouble only something you
know Allah will reward me and and he'll
give back to me and I feel like
everything will always be positive you
know what my mom would always tell me
you know if you pray fetch it'll be
protected from feds until but if you pay
Lloyd you'll be protected and we protect
it and so on so think of it that way if
you pray you'll always be protected you
know you'll never run into negativity
you'll never be in trouble I'm not
saying like never but you always got
it'll be really really close to you and
it you'll you'll always you always be
safe you'll feel safe you feel confident
you wouldn't feel in trouble you'll feel
happy and I'm not saying this I'm not a
religious person about myself like I'm
not SuperDuper religious anything but
I'm saying this for for you know for the
world today for everybody who's my age
younger than me old me they should you
know you just start thinking about
praying we felt like I had to you know
people these days you know they just
they just you know they say they're
Muslim and stuff but they don't ever
even pray they don't ever even think
about Allah they don't ever anything
maybe maybe you know personally when
they're alone they would you know make
to our stuff like that because some
people are embarrassed to even make that
public I make don public I don't I don't
care what anybody thinks
I don't care anybody thinks I'm just I'm
the type of guy if anybody
like thanks whatever about me I
seriously don't care I don't care what
anybody thinks about me I may go outside
I rely on outside you know in the
morning the fats and the UOP you always
gotta you always gotta have that
attitude you can't care about what other
people think about you because if you do
then you're not you so if the guys
watching this on the train if you're
watching this I don't know how if you
ever will watch it but I hope you are
but you guys watching this you know it
takes it takes time I guess you know
maybe you guys should go try little by
little try to pray more and more every
day and and I'm sure you guys will be a
stronger person you'll be you'll be
closer to Islam and you'll be stronger
you can still have fun hang out with
your friends as I said but pray praying
is the most important thing in Islam and
that's what you guys should always do
and I'm being super duper serious right
now and I'm always goofy I'm always that
but I'm I guess series too sometimes you
know I know I'm not I'm not perfect at
what I'm saying I I don't like I'm just
spreading what I would I my I'm just
saying my my advice and what what I
think and it's just my opinion and I
guess everybody that respect everybody
else opinion if you guys have any
opinions you can leave it in the
comments below and I'm not sure about
this but I heard praying five times a
day every day for the rest of your life
it takes only five months of your whole
lifetime so are you seriously gonna let
five months of your whole lifetime ruin
ruin everything and ruin everything for
you no I wouldn't I wouldn't do that so
you know don't change now instead of
changing when you're sixty fifty years
old
remember out so you don't have to be
super duper religious or and be all
quiet all series you can always have fun
this is why we do a flags and videos to
show that Muslims can also have fun and
for non-muslims to watch us and have fun
with us and you know chill with us you
know there's Muslims out there who like
to have fun if you ever want to learn
more about sin I make sure you make some
Muslim friends and they'll tell you
about it I'll give you a book that's in
English or Spanish in any language
really fun we always enjoy especially
their normal and stuff it's like the
amazing time so yeah that's all I'm
gonna say but yeah thank you guys so
much for everything and hope you guys
give this video thumbs up you will see
you guys on Sunday with a brand new
video and a vlog and remember for the
giveaway I will be checking up on
em and Twitter and Facebook posts thank
you so much for almost 100,000 followers
on Instagram we will reach it probably
maybe in a couple days there in a week
or so so thank you so much I really
appreciate that
Salam alaikum I'll see you guys on
Sunday peace
