rumi want a hat Remo I'm gonna get hat
happens up it up again we see you bring
me one out here here you go here you go
let me give you a hat why you act like a
dog they give you have stopped doing
that read my inaudible okay she wants a
cab everybody and you fix a few they fix
it for you let me fix that again alright
alright sit down be quiet UNITA give my
phone
sit down cuz you're gonna go on Twitter
and act stupid yes you wash it don't
mean what are you doing what are you
going like that folder you were like a
oh yeah high five Oh high five
psych psych give up composure did make
me have fun we have her know you had
slapped me I know that no I'm not come
closer that's it come a little more this
way
that's what Rima give you five here's a
mess don't give me that look harima Rima
will give me that look oh we were so
cranky and rude and so you're so rude
yeah because you are ilyich me kiss you
over my keys to our kiss we'll blow it
the huh kiss y'all go what the hell you
just spit on me the camera Rima Fidel
sick CI sad she added say say say I
gonna jump one two go come on Remo go
here we go no I'm Misaka stupid I'm just
like the stupid stop come give me give
me give me I dig in the chop right now
one give me a give me your finger yeah
hey guys what's up so we are gonna be
heading to the WWE Raw and I made a
mistake it is not getting in the air
today or tomorrow is gonna air Monday I
didn't know that they do raw Monday
Night Raw on I didn't really tape it on
like Thursdays or I thought they just do
it like live like that so so it'll play
on Monday as yourself right now where
I'm at is the Square Garden once again
last time we were at the concert and
this time we have VIP backstage members
last time we're saying we want to get at
Madison Square Garden last time we just
ha over here or so we're gonna escort
this one right now
Oh
ooh killer
yeah
one
Oh give it a shot Keisha so Keisha oh oh
come find me fight me huh you ready come
in the ring
I feel so bad you can just like tell
them they suck
you suck so veiny
hey Callie baby let's go so how you do
Cody would oppose the code it breaks up
is going to be to say this is Cody for
your business Cody and Goldust and
they're ready championship haggle ready
we're gonna bring on the table today we
really championship because people with
our people let's go go go
we the people let's go go go sweet
people
let's go Goldust me let's go gold
music
do
see
here fucker
how on
Oh
Oh
yeah
don't see da killer Oh killing thrill
just killer take out the Mirage
go slip around
what's up with double w the homies was
in it Nihon the nutrient Rehan and yeah
they came through so with the show and
all shake you'll beat my bro yes video
screams ooh hey cloudy I only do man
shakes it hi guys so it's time to wrap
up this vlog hope you guys all enjoyed
this vlog was just a crazy and amazing
experience for everything today and
having the love for everything and it's
just like it's I don't know I can't I
can't explain all the WWE Superstars
they were all the sweetest most humble
people ever and I didn't expect that
there they might be in the ring like you
know so scary so aggressive and stuff
but they're so freakin nice Kanan the
most scariest guy was the nicest guy
ever
I was I was trying to Tom to chokeslam
he was like I'm so sorry I can't because
the diggin Johan me dig India I'll see
you just do it but he was like so sweet
I don't know and shout out to the Bella
Twins for actually watching some of our
ASL vlogs you guys are really nice and
sweet and yeah we'll see you guys Sunday
with a new vlog and no video at 5:00
p.m. this video I'm gonna tell you guys
right now it's really really short
because we got in big trouble doing it
you guys will see why and it's really
short video and it has like a has like a
theme to it something you shouldn't do
in it's funny crazy stupid and something
you guys will probably enjoy so yeah
we'll see you guys Sunday take care and
give this video a thumbs up if you
always go turkey and yeah peace
member
