hey guys what's up we were back in the
freezing cold in New York City and I
just I wish we could go back to Florida
the weather there was just beautiful was
like 90 degrees not stupid level my
house with like shorts and sandals on
and now over here we're all like all fun
to love
we're here this is what I'd like to only
once OSAP photobook it's barely any
people outside so it's like it's like
only the Muslims are outside hanging out
and everybody else is inside with their
family because I've seen a lot of
Muslims like Pakistanis a lot of Arabs
just outside hanging I was like hey this
is our date you know everybody's inside
about as well we go outside it's almost
two year anniversary on YouTube yeah two
year anniversary on YouTube January 1st
yeah take it tomorrow if you guys are
watching if you guys watch WWE I don't
watch WWE make sure that student we're
gonna be in the front like all the way
in the front and you guys could probably
see us hopefully and I'm gonna try to
run in the ring and have a fight with
one of them I want to beat up Big Show I
want to play the video Christmas already
give you Briana I MacDougal I cook the
best biryani
honey are you an Arab Santa Claus why
yes I am Rav Santa Claus
I can give you what else do you want uh
you wanna see yeah yeah I can make the
good I say how do you what else you want
I wanna oh I can give you some shot here
for y if you want this scope is good for
Pahoa what do you want that one I want
to play Lucifer
so funny all I want for Christmas is you
I'll just have you all I want for
Christmas
Nashik you trying to pick up all the
teams over here you are beautiful no
matter what they say words can't bring
you down
now give me a credit card loser my
privacy that's car
they gentlemen right now we had
discovered something that's very cool
only found in New York City and this is
in Rockefeller so this somewhere in the
middle of lower show coolest tree
well it looks nice I just wanna go up
there
I shouldn't jump from there to the tree
and just like I didn't I don't know who
looks like you is this a real ogre
Victor yours is real fake this is so
scary
dog real fake huh is it real fake fake
oh yeah yeah I know it was a real today
sorry okay sir yeah hey Serena Pankaj no
kitty stop it's such a come on the real
touchy let me see such a first you got
it such a first announcer oh oh oh I
want to take a home and scary ma lady
thinks is real I know they look really
the moments that don't move get a say in
the position for a while you keep moving
hold on there you go
didn't like a Bollywood sorry I don't
think like she got she's on but no he
doesn't
this is crazy cheek what the heck hi hi
Michael people's he told you they slap
you out what do you guys want to say I
don't know yeah Irene was gonna tell you
how what's your name hugger I dream all
right I'll told ya we just got the
letter
we just got the letter we just got to
letter I wonder who it's from
um well we haven't checked the appeal
box in so long
and we haven't so check because it was
closed today but we'll check it tomorrow
we still have some stuff that we're
gonna check out and this is from this is
from Karima
Grima jones thank you so much screaming
Jones it says do not bend but apparently
when we got it it was already bended one
of them already bend it or anything
can't read what that head gosh yeah
let's see what's up and what's in here
hopefully it's not my stuff oh I see an
eye oh oh oh my god this looks amazing
huh myself others bubbles in it this is
crazy cool these are all like like is it
like a magazine but it's put together
this is a crazy artwork and there's a
letter here it says work hard play hard
and then go Turkey on the drawing lots
of love
big fan enjoy toodles karema by the way
she hides ARIMA well Remos like he's
sleeping i got home
leaving some but thank you so much for
always going turkey and guys go check
give this video a thumbs up and I don't
know why but my thumb when I take a
picture with my thumb and I look so
weird
I broke my thumb actually four times and
yeah yeah thank you so much Korea you're
amazing and we appreciate all the
support seriously hi guys it was time to
wrap up this flag hope you guys all
enjoyed this flag I know it's kind of
short
I wanted to vlog Rima so she can say hi
to guys and say what's up but she was
actually sleeping when I got home and
yeah she's been such a sleepyhead lately
but oh well tomorrow's gonna be a crazy
fun day we're gonna be vlogging at the W
W even watching the WWE ever since was
WWF and WCW since I was like four or
five years old and now for the first
time me shake are gonna be there true
story so you're gonna be there so make
sure you guys tune in and yeah you guys
could check out our Instagram articles
below we might take pictures with the
WWE Superstars I want to get a picture
with with John Cena and and Big Show and
Randy Orton and and if the rock is there
and if Triple E I am oh yeah give this
like a thumbs up if you guys enjoy it
and we will see you guys tomorrow
peace
