we go wake up shake what's it gonna do
hold it that's his best friend video
watch it wake up little best friend
video later hey wake up later
I don't know dokyum Joe I'm Joe hey guys
what's up I'm Adam and I'm Shay and this
is true story a si alright so today
we're gonna be doing um the the best
friend challenge I don't know has there
ever been a best friend Charlie - and I
heard he just came out of nowhere we
decided to do a best friend challenge
and this is how it's gonna go um we told
you guys to ask us questions on Twitter
with ask Adam and shake and we're gonna
ask each other those questions in front
of us like doesn't know the question and
doesn't get it right about each other
the other person gets to dare them to do
something crazy and yeah so you get me
so I like I asked you somebody said how
old is Adam when is his birthday then
you say June 4th it is 20 and then it's
right but you get it wrong because in
June 5th I get there you I can tell you
jump out the window and dare you so ok
ok so the first question is um I don't
know who should ask cool but it's how
many sisters and brothers do we have
phones to answer first you got it wrong
I'm gonna give you the crazies there you
go first ladies first
do go prison I reek I said
I'm hungry no I don't know you I you
know I go to my grandma but um your
sister my Munna your other brother
things even shake too huh
I have another brother who's doing the
Sheik his last name is different okay um
three brothers one sister
Yeah right this is good
all right so all I know is you have two
brothers yeah and I think you had three
C's is a turtle right I don't know
continue go
hi I'm gonna say three sisters two
brothers tell you what three sisters two
brothers are yeah right all right man uh
uh
what is shakes mom's name what is it
that's not fair oh my god is it cuz
there's for you
it's a I can't see your mom's name on it
it's what it's a I can't say your mom's
name in public forget you give it to my
house like 20 times I dunno I can see
momsie yeah but is it a move I mean 20
on I let's blow your sissies I'm you can
see mom semen you to forget you alright
I can see I know I don't want to say
let's not let's go sit on here sir color
let's go mama no nah nah I say your dear
dig a hole and then wear yourself beside
all right
good Doug
all right so Adam just completed the air
pistol body could you bring the little
sweet thing it's something extra
what's our favorite numbers wears it
together do we know what it is 182 there
you go
four got it I thought hey Bono miss
appearance for because yeah now you know
all right what's um my first what's Oh
who's our favorite member of One
Direction one two let's eat together
I don't have a favorite you know I don't
what I said we did it you're freezing
Moloch yeah what's fine you don't have a
favorite I gotta just told you know ah
yeah look at your mother not magical
it's mine it wasn't yours ever
oh no hi buddy well I'm doing that
chosen Wow Wow big whoop Oh mmm
gonna nail it ah breathe breathe
ah Isis I know when did we first meet
specific date random specificity I swear
to God all of my life are not specific
the first man is a I told you 17 2010
octo 72,000 no you got it wrong it was
my better there it was magic it was my
idea to another therefore you down Roger
wrong as wrong cuz you didn't know it I
didn't know what it means if I get it
wrong well obviously didn't know okay
well you're gonna have to it's not what
I have to do you have - does it go
higher
Oh
to do the dare I shake there I give you
this you see right here you see all this
trees and stuff that is blocked you have
to go through it and this ball can come
back all right ready
that dangerous what do you mean is
dangerous it's just normal
thanks for the night there's no stakes
enough then there's no animals this is
not Australia this is Miami get my phone
first
you're not vote I'm scared but if you
fit if like give my food ok good going
let's go pop over sir hop over oh oh
he's a bad boy uh-oh what is that huh oh
come on you know you get trouble just go
house recording go make it faster yeah
hey professor
watch this guy you only cops calcio yoga
no shit I was joking just go just go
come on shake oh you guys are up in
London shout out to the people in London
Oh shout it out Montreal oh let me - oh
shut up you're Chinese people Florida
people live in Florida shout out to
people in New York back home in New York
Charlotte Aviva Middle East - homies in
the Middle East
senator Brown - yeah shut up - all
homies in Yemen all the Arabs out there
you know me and all the data that goes
up to all the Asians out there is I
should manage it Archie candy honey yeah
whatever my cello Oh wanna be my turn I
love max Oh occasion is it is Sir okay
all right this question is who loves
teammates say is that the people watch
our vlogs videos are supporters who
loves in the most atom or shake
obviously me no I do
okay we both of them equally are you
talking like me no
you're talking like me it's all good
like me want to be uh get substances
both love them equally we both love you
guys equally and we truly appreciate you
guys and we love having fun with you
guys telling us all the big
announcements and everything so and also
we just want to say thank you for all
the love and support you guys been
giving us you know helps us reach this
far so thank you thank you to the team
ESA family all right so this dear Sheikh
has to jump out the window and we're on
the third floor looks pretty scary and
it's we are kind of steep it is come on
dog come on sissy let's go yeah let's go
yeah let's go yeah bitch shakes up I go
go a little more shakes no it doesn't it
forget it is again yeah yo Jake is there
floor with oh my good night Lee to do it
stops up me cheeks up mr. bells like
that some banks to okay there's that
there's that sup she did
I was joking if you want to jump in the
pool come with the pool fizzle right oh
you own me jump out the one you can't
swim this thing but I that's des done
then you got a shake you don't sound
scared because oh my god please stop it
stop stop
give me sit up she does talk you know
pick up Suri's get up is just a quick
jump on the vehicle you get a full Bob
Bob Bob Maxson enrollee on the thermal
candles still get a full back city wok
chilly get down up Dumbo's stop nee Baga
my back my neck yeah so stupid
okay so we're gonna end it off here and
hope you guys enjoy this if you guys
enjoyed this and want more of it just
give this video a thumbs up and we'll do
more challenges and stuff thumbs up and
yet go turkey go biryani and yeah so the
announcement we're gonna tell you guys
is this we decide we'll tell you guys
now this is the big announcement other
big enough as you guys know we have our
own TV show and what we have to do we
have to sign the contract go on tours
first you have to meet us all as I said
me you all and then we record off the
filming TV show but we just got blessed
with something else handed la and say
the homie Omar
Regan we will not be casting in his new
film this means it's a America it's
called American Sharia Homo Regan
basically he's he has a movie coming out
like a really hilarious movie we watched
the trailer of it it's so hilarious you
guys know into sin I'm not just saying
that cuz he's my friend I love him I'm
saying it cuz it was truly legit
hillarious and it's it's like it's not
Hollywood as hell Hollywood it's gonna
be the first Hollywood and Charlotte to
be on um theater Leone theaters and
everything and he he was so nice to it
to put us in the film and we are going
to be in it but in the trailer we are
not in the trailer yet because we still
have to film our parts and everything so
if you guys want wants to chose out will
tell you guys on Twitter Facebook it's
out and you guys show a lot of support
and everything and this is gonna be um
there's gonna be some fun these try to
raise some funds for the movie and for a
lot of charity and everything so make
sure you all support we're all gonna be
this together we're going to be in a
movie with Omar Egan is a hilarious
movie also it's so funny I've gotta
watch and tell you if you guys don't
know
Omar Regan is he was a stunt double on
crystal Chris Tucker from our shower and
now he has his own movie and I are you
gonna have ass in it so it's a blessed
thank you so much you're blessed to be
in the movie and Tim is saying us
ameri-ghen we got you with all the
support everything is going to be one of
the most hilarious movies we'll be in
probably hopefully not the only movie
we'll be in and yeah that was a big nose
and then you got so much hope you guys
enjoyed this best French on video see
you guys tomorrow
in Miami suck it in Miami so peace peace
Oh
