hey guys what's up right now we are in
the middle of the street crossing Street
chic look both ways when you cross the
street remains it's a one-way Road
little bit well look both ways just in
case there's any crazy drivers don't
know how to drive
you know recorders fly down there Robin
if you can slide down this I owe you one
hey goose you scare to go on a roller
coaster I already slide there so if you
guys don't know this is like a big big
and now it's me it's not really big
enough should we say it to say or not
choose it huh I mean Stephanie it's like
very special man it's not really a big
announcement or something really cool
it'll be part of the vlogs and it's like
another cool thing for the vlogs and
everything so my youngest is dream shake
are getting kids we're getting little
yeah we're getting he's getting on I'm
getting one I'm gonna put in my house
he's gonna put it into the house well
mines is mainly for Rima because Rima is
like a nobody since uh chocolate died
I'd like to have my recipes chocolate if
you guys remember Dora my chocolate the
AC de Leon applies my hamster
you name the chocolate so the ice away
buddy get name this kid I don't know
when we get the kin when people get the
kids they're gonna be like an orange
type color they're so cute at all you're
like orange it's gonna be similar types
of kids they're gonna be brothers and
sisters or something like that so
sometimes some days we'll bring it so
they can hang out and stuff like that
and we're gonna let you guys maybe the
kids solely so leave in the comments
below what she named the kids and a huge
shout out time manager for giving us
these kids a shout out to amplitude
productions I heard it like 4 week so I
was on a bike honest graduating someone
he's scared to even Tori
he's scared to even touch like a like a
snail or something so I don't even know
how he's gonna deal with it with a kid
watch I don't think he's gonna last what
a can to be honest
you're not gonna left yeah you lost the
mouse a camera last week a it passed
away what muscles are buried here guys
are you probably this only no it passed
away just a CPR to like oh it was
passing us but it passed away Ramadan oh
so so good you know they say we passed
me and I'm like you're Evans they're not
yeah so chocolate recipes I'll see you
the inch'allah I love you I miss you so
much if you're watching this I don't
even know what to say
I'm not soft crying but the favor
I didn't have to go excuse me
I think we make a cute couple
Oh ha
like that like this unless I go in the
store hi she is that dirty do you take
debit um sorry do you take them have to
record every moment he has he's really
famous so I have to record every moment
he does say sir please no cameras on
none he say myself to record every
moment of his life huh yeah do you do
Bollywood you look like Shahrukh Khan
what you look like Shahrukh Khan
Shahrukh Khan
you know Shahrukh Khan I don't know sir
you don't know shadowkhan no wait from
you look like Shahrukh Khan s you man
Shahrukh Khan undercover man Shahrukh
Khan is undercover can I get a picture
with you come on shark came through like
that this cuz the other you're one of
the biggest Bollywood actor if you go to
die living in a private room yeah so go
to Italian newspaper Italian Venice um
tiny I don't know
say what's up tough young know something
I don't know me no speak to me to tell
you how do you say how are you in I'm
not looking to leap yes you do you
little shit okay nice wanna be my
chammak challo
oh no no you are shadowkhan you look
Chilika you did like someone card to
allah to mankind Sam oh no no no and
Shah Rukh Khan
look nice you have nice muscle muscle
like anyone I read that Khan oh nice
yeah hi take it I see you soon
I love you you're looking at the city
it's like always live like whenever what
no matter what time it is it's always
like
a lot
Oh
yeah
oh yeah okay though Oh
sir can you please have interview with
you sir sir can you please talk to you
sir
they claim that New York City is the
city that never sleeps New York City is
the city that sleeps after midnight like
come on you guys need to change that
coat New York City you got slack man me
shake other people will shake sleeps no
I never sleep I see my full clock now
because you don't my neighbor's Legion
gem is fixed now I sleep literally like
in the morning like 6 7 a.m. then I wake
up around 2:00 or 3:00 p.m. you guys
waking up no they've you wake me up on
Twitter and everything I wake up with
like my tweets like oh no wake up I'm
like oh my god
my mom is here rimas and dad wake me up
you guys waking up your phone now do the
talk I just sometimes I would just check
my Twitter like what I'm sleeping like
that and I'll see you guys like saying
like Tommy wake up not my god fine I
wake up oh oh
the end
maybe mine
are you bringing back my
she made us miss our stop too visible
happen how she was just random dancing
the Train she was thinking it's like a
party or something the Train
then after that we don't have to go back
a stop go to that side and go back to
stop but she was pretty cool she was
really nice to me shoes love the energy
she's pretty cool
that's a chair
thank you looks very nice
no one is here
doesn't make you a faggot
that's crazy
you're just some rude as people man
all right no wait how'd you lose
strongman my ad mother fools
pushed on me redeemer strong yes I do
what what do you want what's stronger
you Ramona fight a girl you're yeah
you're a guy who's strong they're strong
how what you want to do okay let's do an
arm muscle go there remix stay here get
that bring this arm here
Lima Lima sounds awesome
another arm here hold the arm hold it
hold it I love my look you guys got it
you gotta bring this down come on leave
me gotta bring that down okay ready set
go oh yeah what kind of arm wrestling is
that what kind of almost thing is that
huh what no hey no hey maybe kisses
pique hey knows that funny none of our
guys so Sam to wrap up this flag hope
you all enjoy this flag if you did make
sure you guys give like thumbs up and go
turkey truly means lots everything one
of you who do give our vlogs or videos
thumbs up I am gonna be putting some fan
mail behind my wall so if you guys want
to send us anything any drawings
anything you want to write or anything
our peel box is down below because I do
have some fan mail over here but Rima
ended up ripping up like my picture and
a lot of other fan mail but since I got
the car bed and everything fit if you
guys doing this anything our peel boxes
down below spheal box 630 New York New
York 1 0 0 to 9 you can write my name or
shake up but his name or anything I want
to make my wall I want to be give it
like a cool background of everything you
guys send us and put in there I do have
some stuff that you guys already said so
I will put it back there I hope you all
are always enjoying this ACA daily vlogs
and I hope it makes you smile or
brightens up your days or again we'll
see you guys this Saturday and the rest
of you always see you guys tomorrow with
another ace a daily vlog take care I
love you guys and peace
member
