hey guys yourself right now me shaker
here in Chinatown
I decided to do the Adams dancing
Sundays in Chinatown instead of a ball I
don't know why but Chinatown much cool
hi
Thank You Man here we go we're going to
the spa cast everyone's ass podcast so
we haven't been in a while so we're
going there today
ready we give you a nice and fun
- - no that's one saying but in the
background you've got it
sorry about that all right we would like
it's me sorry
hi B as I was saying we have a middle
spot mile long so may 3rd is planned we
have our first this is the start or it's
gonna begin with Oregon on May 3rd
oh so anybody from the Oregon area all
the info will be down below we can't
wait to meet you all we have a 45-minute
stage performance you know so we're
going to be out 45 minutes you know
Morgan it yeah
straight up over California and we know
I see
yeah what positive
the homie cream just came through
whether they go to the spot already on
my shorts captain and on my shorts
happening - yeah and there we have been
in a while I'm gonna come on and I've
been in a minute ready to go they're
gonna need everybody in a minute give me
you know like that so we're trying to do
a dance but in the middle of the street
but it's so hard because like a - wait
cars coming this way cars coming that
way but I don't pull it off you got to
shake out to be in the middle street
with me so you shout out shake for doing
it you know it's not just let's risk my
life right now it's not it's not just me
doing guts he has guts to film it for
the people because recording and
recording people doing the craziest
thing it's really embarrassing
sup made a new friend no friend ignored
me
you're my new friend right are we
friends
hon are we friends yeah what we're
friends right
so what's your name yeah your name is
Kent cancel virus
no Irish oh I'll just give you an e my
your name is uh um your crew help me out
what should we name him in this limit
it's one time his name so how how a
blow-up table is the idea of dork in
even underlined by throw stuff at it my
name is I'm doing like someone over
Abdul they started throwing things in a
place where you go to get e5 but I mean
you get it I'm scared to it as we're
walking right now with a random person
he's right here
do you not follow you your funny guy I
know you have funny post on you man
you can I follow you on Instagram hug me
can I follow you on Instagram just agree
Instagram you know Instagram no
knowledge you know me though the chunk
mommy Abdul over here I gave him a new
name
you got a new name now they're nosy
ya have to go in there near the store
ISM I'm in oh okay
yo Finn hi baby hi Adam blows my coffee
point out oh just I'm going to I'm going
to spot me my friends that's cool
I don't all right it's the right love
you okay you guys I think is this way I
might take care have a great day okay
you guys gonna hold all right yeah I'll
see you soon okay it was you know I I
never come to this area the area labor
so scary so I feel like I feel like I
don't know like yo he's come with a
sista wow this is pockets podcast
where do you want to go what do you want
to go what do you want to see the war
no if you do this with that there's
nothing here
especially you go back where you came
from take the bus go in this way take
3-4 times I so made it safe here in the
spa we just got here
that guy was literally following us for
like a really long time for like he's
he's like you know boy boys gonna have
like feels like a murderer and I like to
stab us or so I know it was so scary
weeds that's what we thought and we just
kept on shaking shaking baked good lash
chilly
yeah you just say both this outfit
somewhere for the spot no one doesn't
cool as I were in jail I know you always
say that all this come because once your
toes my toes toes shake so geodesy
shakes of shakes those are the worst
you need a pedicure as I say they Don
beside small they gave me a large you
want mom knows if y'all even shake man
like welcome to bonafide right these
wonderful blue shirts look who we found
here mommy so impress it was wet no
worry
always been awkward
oh he's wet too
you suck why do you have shades inside
the arm the hub
career you look at
boom bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum is
this gonna be jumpy huh hey hey it's not
busy words now I switch gone I mad Dan
here's like the dark night but there you
go my god hey yeah all day yeah
we're chillin at this hop and we're
doing something here I want oh yeah we
were looking at is it oh I don't know yo
achievement is one of my favorite spots
here in this pond you're gonna sit down
show here watch TV
mommy's gonna lose
we just got in water it's so freezing
cold
can you go
oh you have some sexy ass
why are you mocking me
- huh
face
go upstairs and fix my girl
tomorrow tomorrow - what would it go
all right boys siglemic I am Timothy
these are giving better outside
wow that is amazing right looking at
zero reverse none of which where is it
oh just a verse on a bridge right there
that is amazing with what here really
sometimes you got to come here
relationships
you got never been Spock ask me on this
you guys should come through you will
bring you guys with wonderful I have to
be out of not even live in New York so
we all should just move here right do
that through we have to pump it's a
since podcast ha ha oh my god is so cool
we look like red monsters right now then
if I put it up put put all over put on
us in it I guess a scary story so once
upon a time is it go the end once that
came out his name is Michael I used to
kill you
who Mike
Oh
then I eat our spiritual let me coming
till I come in now is this I mean small
direction I love selling snow for the
robbers the right direction right here
honeydew pretty good wire
see this is the see how much
number two leader of the line pal all
these years Torquay's and Spencer shake
my heart for you
like in a sequence aviators were Africa
no I know where somebody is first where
somebody
you like it - love it
hi I'm here with the biggest team is a
supporter the class and we're here
chillin
so we're chillin here Cui's after a
meeting with the meeting site she shows
a lot of love you know comes and meets
us even if it's more than one song you
got yo ho ma you're not the coolest
person ever
yes she's very sweet oh you came via
Charlotte sooner and yeah oh and she
gave me a letter I read it at home so
it's gonna be on a block mind you still
be ran so till then well there's a bit
of a - other than here
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
flag hope you all enjoyed this flag if
you did make sure you guys with like a
thumbs up and go Turkey so what happened
it Aloha made it safe home so if you
guys haven't known yet me and shake have
tweeted some of the dates that we have
for this is the store tour of 2014 our
first show is going to be in Oregon
which is going to be in University of
Oregon at May 3rd May 3rd it will be
from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. all the info will
be down below
so there's anybody from the Oregon area
or near the Oregon area we can't wait to
see you guys and we can't wait to have
fun at you guys meet you guys like what
you guys show what you guys dance with
you and I don't know what else but I'm
sure it's gonna be fun and then me and
shake will be performing at May 29th in
California things called an i and I am
California but before that I will be in
Dubai - babe - bye I said Dube some
people tell me no say Dubai I see today
I don't know the people from debate you
tell me how should I say it should I say
debate or Dubai you print out in the
comments below tell me how I should say
and I will say because you guys are from
there and I would listen to you guys
because that's your country's name wait
before California on May 29th I will be
in Dubai from May 19 until May 22nd
unfortunately Sheikh
won't be there I got invited to a social
media forum and I have to give like a
speech so it's pretty cool and I'm so
excited to go to the
why because I've always wanted to go
there I will let you guys know all the
information because I will be having a
meet and greet over there so if anybody
is from Dubai area if you guys know
anybody from the buyer who watches two
story a si come through it's gonna be a
lot of fun probably not be just like
this in Dubai or should I dress as atom
machine yeah so I don't know I'll see
sure I dress a dress NewYork style or
should I just you know dress up like you
know Adam a senior song no sway after
that we'll be filming way after that
we'll be filming for the movie American
Sharia by American and it will be out
fall of 2014 and we are gonna be
featured in it and this is our first
time filming it will be in LA filming it
so inshallah I everything goes great
with all your diet
hopefully everything will go great and
after that we'll be in Toronto Canada
performing on June 29th and we will let
you guys know a lot more information on
that you do have a lot more dates coming
soon for this is a starts or so if
anybody is mad or sad because we didn't
say your city or country please don't be
mad or sad because there is a lot of
other shows that we will have in a lot
of other places that will be confirmed
and waiting on it to be confirmed so
just be patient with us because I know a
lot of you from the UK Germany
Netherlands Sweden Spain a lot of places
here in the US a lot of places in Canada
inshallah everything goes well and we'll
let you guys know our future dates will
happen but these are the days we have
for now that we can't tell you guys so
yeah I hope you'll have a great day
keep smiling I'll see you guys soon if
you're from the Oregon area then Dubai
then California then LA then I forgot
Toronto and then we'll let you guys know
soon so take care team a say do me again
take care peace
member
