so right now we're off to pick up my
younger brother from the my he's
already out but we're kind of late but
yeah we're heading towards it right now
the inside the cards that light he was
very bad so I had to put my head on the
wall we are waiting for my mother to get
our her shopping place we're gonna play
this game he's gonna be like one of us
is gonna gargle a song like we put water
in our mouth I'm gonna gargle the song
and we the other people they have to try
to guess what the song is and my
sister's gonna start it off so you ready
it is the beautiful house of Phil but
the song was to the left which you guys
never got I'm yanking I got I'm doing
Jesus put in your throat go what is that
hey guys what's up so we just met the
homies with any boy going sit sit hustle
and dance so it'll be kind of shy
tonight dance so when I pull out the
camera this is they're gonna dance for
us
when you chat it's a hobby be expressed
like this on Facebook check them out
here there's some crazy dances and yeah
shout out to Adam that do me game you
already know what it is a free queen
hands up take it out your nose where's
your hi what's your hi what's your mouth
what's your mom what'd you hear
where's your butt what's your butt okay
but don't you but whose ear was your
mouth great very good with your here's
very good Remo where's your with your
stomach
Oh your belly very good here was your
feet huh
where's your feet it's very good where's
your feet I have what boots boots love
it
you peed Oh No did you speak we would
they use pee yes you did this b-movie
Rima you nasty opine me more did you say
your knees the bathroom Remo I said
button zp Universal bathroom agape go to
bathroom huh you gotta go peanut bro
you guys do you don't have to take that
off to pee Ramon Rima
put it up hi guys so it's time to wrap
up this vlog hope you guys all enjoyed
this flag if you did make sure you guys
give this black a thumbs up and go
Turkey
I'm sorry this vibe was short means
shake metal kind of late and the black
camera wasn't fully charged so I decided
where I should do the Instagram video of
the Adams dancing Sundays I think this
week's Adams dancing Sundays should be
at the mall you guys let me know if you
guys have a better place you think I
should do it at leave it in the comments
below and we love seeing your sweet
comments it truly makes our days when we
see comments how we brighten up your
days and if you're having a bad day and
we made you guys smile we made you guys
forget about stress it truly means the
world wouldn't reach stuff like that
because this is what we do the vlogs for
so I hope you all have an amazing Friday
we'll see you guys on Sunday
take care team a si do me gang see you
Sunday take care peace
