hey guys what's up you're dooming gang I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day it do be
gay look at this beautiful view in Dubai
right yeah what's yeah what uh
I'm wearing the same clothes as
yesterday but it's all good in the hood
I have to get ready real quick because I
have an interview I'm getting
interviewed Slim is getting interviewed
and Raschid money kicks is getting
interviewed the whole team more wins for
infinity and the reason why we got these
interviews that's because we got the
dopest manager you know what I'm saying
is easy what we doing today
if you come with let go stop always
winning come on let's go talk about
winning let's go let's go got the weed
the best you got some Isom rushing in
the building what's happening my man how
you doing
chillin Eddie Perez yeah
that's not a snapchat drivers you can
get a ticket you got the rolls voice
right here in motion that was a sneeze
let's see man yeah yeah so since we got
in to be some let's mess around the
interview Adam I want to have fun in
these clown around just clown around
what should we do what should we do that
language that's you guys Oh sup man hey
guys do it but that's all good guys we
got here dance FM ninety seven point
eight but to get interview ready dance
at them have you been pranked you prank
everyone please tell me someone crazy
unprintable hi guys we just got done
with the interview he chat out to dance
at them thank you guys so much thank you
when does it when is it coming out do
you guys know one sunday sunday sunday
thank you guys I love your actions by
the way that was the funniest slippers
the worst it doing an interview with
Sliven xu is like don't bid thank you do
me gang I just met the cutest dog ever
this dog hates my guts it hates me man
can you tell us a relaxed life he's so
cute he's a cute dog really feisty min
look at nice nice always yeah right yeah
that dog bit my ankle but it was a
little bitty bite because a baby dog but
this dude is crazy i tofu tofu relax
lunch I'm your friend I'm your friend
this dog owns the streets look at the
size of him yeah he owns the streets but
he likes you know I like him
hey you know he likes
no come back come on all right fine
I'm only gonna get in the car cuz we're
late fire faster you guys see you guys
in next channel rush it chemical level
such a punk man do me getting my hair is
a mess but I'm getting ready for Fashion
Week I told you guys on snapchat to
tweet me some questions and the reason
why I said that is because I want to do
a new segment just for these couple days
because I always take long to get ready
so while getting ready I might as well
interact with you guys and answer your
questions on Twitter love or money um
food will you continue blogging or will
you stop by the way I love you so much
can't wait for you show and queens to be
honest I will always continue vlogging
until I get bored and bathroom now I'm
young I'm 24 years old and I'm having so
much fun on YouTube I'm having so much
fun making you guys smile so I'm deaf
get it kicks in you want vlogging and I
haven't missed a day in 2017 that's a
pretty dope achievement I mean I know
YouTube is not gonna give me an award
because I don't have blue eyes and
blonde hair but it's all good my award
is you guys do me in and being happy
with me and my family what's three
things that make you happy the most food
food food what what do you do if you
fall in love with two girls marry them
both or a complete stranger if I fall in
love with you girl I'm gonna have to
close my eyes and be like eenie meenie
miney moe catch a tiger but which
African countries would you like to
visit Kenya Senegal South Africa Somalia
when are you coming back to the
Netherlands okay I'm gonna be honest
with you guys as you guys know me slim
Naz and the whole squad we went to
Amsterdam last year and we had a really
big fight and then slim ended up beating
up his butt and then when we got back to
New York he sent us a whole email pretty
much threatening our lives and saying if
we ever go back to Amsterdam he's pretty
much gonna like kill us do me gang I
scared of fish FSM squad I'm coming so I
don't give a damn what a guy is okay
someone asks how much money do you make
on YouTube so I do me gang I never read
on my dad my hair's like I feel like I
can't see you guys oh yeah do me gang I
never speak about how much money on me
from YouTube or from anything that I do
I mean guessing from the title I know a
lot of you guys are probably going on
this video to actually find out how much
I'm making people will look at you
differently from how much you make I
mean yes on Google
look it up it comes up and stuff Google
literally knows everything except for
Google Translate when I started YouTube
I did it for fun and I still do it for
fun whatever I make I save it I use it
to help my family to support my family
my nieces and nephews you guys know me
I'm a big family guy I'm just lucky
grateful and blessed to be in this
position right now watching my vlogs
thumbs dig up the vlogs commenting on
the blog just to let you guys know
thumbs dig up the vlog doesn't mean you
make money so now that you guys know
that thumbs you got the vlog doesn't
make you money and it's free thumbs up
the blog yes I'll be waiting
but yeah so do me gang and I know a lot
of you guys are gonna be like oh but
it's successful to say how much you may
I'd rather not talk about it because I
want people to show love and to know how
I am inside my heart and not from how
much I make and I do the same thing for
anyone no matter if you have thirty
million dollars thirty dollars I've
always told you guys do me game all that
matters is what's inside so I hope that
answered your question
love you do me gang okay do me I'm done
with this segment I didn't even get
ready this just made it a little longer
but I hope you guys enjoyed it keep
asking me questions on Twitter and I'll
answer in the next few days all right
guys I'm gonna bead and design I just my
cousin their cousins just like me and my
cousin right there
and I needed a bun because I know my
hair's gonna be a mess so I'm wrong
indeed thank you so much I got it I got
a bun yeah buddy thank you guys so much
thank you as they won a fashion week
we're gonna go to the blue carpet it's
called the blue carpet and after that
we're gonna go see Washington on the
fashion they want his little chill out
himself it was good even and I won't be
right there say what out there I read no
he got Slim's back he got my back
we got nausea lashes right here so it up
man Aziz you lookin fresh that's both
the eye man that's his clothing line
mashallah look at this is he giving the
twirl in the Torah Suzie
normally in mileage anyone of you yeah
let me touch I love you hi how you doing
oh good hi guys we're here day one our
Fashion Week oh but see the models and
everyone go through the clothes they
already know what I'm saying
we got the holy a B and Shawn shall come
through never did oh yeah it was LA from
New Yorker New York I won't see you man
Brooke Brooke is I really didn't know
Florida from templo de temple you
already know where we are you know sue
baby
just want to show y'all what is this boy
doing right now yeah this kid grew like
I'll follow you know I'm taller than
LeBron did LeBron James beauty makeup
artist females like
you like kylie jenner's gave us friends
so my hatred hey what is that can i
spray down his face please put the man
right here Jacob say was the man of our
Fashion Week white hair my G bow-legged
swagged out okay do me gang I know I
look really really weird to be honest I
didn't even know they were gonna like do
this much I had no clue and do me I know
a lot of you guys are gonna roast me
nothing looks a little dope I don't know
but do we get rain to our fashion we got
cut off
but today was just day one it was just a
chill chill day tomorrow is gonna be
wild and afters gonna be crazy and the
day after that I'll perform it to a
private event do me gang so I'm gonna
take you guys with me I'll see you guys
in the next shot okay do me I'm back so
I wiped off some of the eyeliners I
think they just extended the island to
be honest I was just trying to do like
this whole like glitter stuff but then
you ended up saying like oh you should
be a panther and then they put like I
don't know they may be like a panther or
something but now know how girls feel
though I wiped up my whole eyes and
stuff and it's still like it's still
there a little bit but it's not as much
and it burns my video inside your eye
you brought was inside it burned so much
like my eyes kind of red right now I
like the is like a tree house that we
wait is good huh I know the lace like if
I think sounds weird I mean it's really
bad yeah true so weird guys think
something else over it that's weird do
me gag that is the end of this vlog
today was an amazing chill day tomorrow
I'm gonna get to meet you guys like what
you guys chill with you guys on the red
carpet which is a dream come true being
on the red carpet with you guys do me
yeah if you guys enjoy wog make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go turkey let me
see you guys tomorrow bye I love you
guys
take care
turn in it shit swear to god he shoulda
came willing gives you yelling baby
makes in Yemen aid place I'll new today
I'll treat the plane like a nuva
