hey guys Joseph right now we are in
OpenOffice but we're in my hood right
now I brought shake to my heart because
we were gonna go sign up with Jim
usually I always work out at home
because I really have any time for
anything but since we're like uh since
we're like a married couple or so we
decided that we're going to just go sign
up to a gym and you know it's getting
cold nowadays some seville just go work
out when you can alright now huh okay so
yeah and we'll make a blog then when you
work out and stuff and we're gonna look
for a gym that has a pool also and that
has a basketball court so we can also
get Jacuzzi jacuzzi too high we're gonna
go to the gym to work out not to just go
sit down and relax in a jacuzzi and
stuff like that so I'm be a trainer
right ready yeah hi what's up woman
what's in it Jacob I name is Jake I'm
chillin Joe and yes you just spotted us
you heard shakes mean shakes voice that
you would say highs oh shut up yeah any
time so we just signed up to the gym and
this gym is crazy sick is a private gym
in Manhattan and ya got the swim caps
because there's swimming pool this one
got locks we got put us up there they're
so skinny like a cute I had barely fit
you
I got a big head he's a nice possible
coordinator to
another breath here
one thing about this place is like it's
super high class so we have to act like
so high class so get back on or a high
class so we can't act on it you have to
like whistle childish as long as you
have actual mature and so ok if you hit
first thing we do we don't work out we
come play basketball shake the ball
shaking the bowl we got next
there's a magic come on shake come on
shake why the brown Marva so we just
played a game of basketball you won
twice and yeah people know I need a now
Adam shake the game
 was killing it he had a table
before but he was killing after that was
crazy now we're gonna go work out for
ready shake huh Manu something show us
something
this guy's taking selfies all day
seriously come on here guys put in the
comments below and motivate shake
because he's slacking off and he's not
even working out he's just on his phone
texting looking at the mirror taking
selfies so leave in the comments below
and motivate hand you're gonna leave
comments below to motivate you so he
could work I'm alright okay they're
gonna say yeah workout shake come on you
know you want that Shahrukh Khan body
okay someone coming
Oh
oh my go
great triceps treasure chest work I go
are you wait am i going there oh you
serious come on good another one
you don't got it come on look Joe it
shows your reps however many you do is
show us how much you did it go just go
yeah oh my gosh she got a long way to go
guys wake up this is my first hair I
shouldn't doing this one whoa
push your head up yo what is it look
like your sizes
what is it in your book vanovech huh
why this little you're gonna school with
a heavy book bag that's cool but is that
43 alright just gonna light for what is
good for your legs shake this is squats
is good for your butt the help huh
so you oh my god I swear these
machines there you're not gonna do
squats here squats like yoga place
shakes up doing it oh my god you need to
do me like a real personal trainer to
like whip you want when you're not doing
stuff right come on
oh my god you're serious you shouldn't
get that Kim Kardashian boy you like
your ring I like bold high
I like volleyball this hat this how
would i look for the ball come on let me
know
all right so hope you'll come together
they look like pepper spray know how
they're doing
you go
I said no time
but Yolo
yo
yes you just came back from the sweet
walk you'll be ever fault call for
airplane and we fall into water
yeah gonna be dead I'd rather fall on
concrete and I check out frickin today
instead of holding my breath and keeping
your life right because just holding
yourself in the waters is crazy what do
you have to learn because if anything
happens to me you're gonna be my hero
right what where's Monica we miss nice
dress stop Rima is always showing off
for the dress to everybody like stop we
wanna play huh Reba here wear these
glasses were these I give these glasses
from the arcade where I gave you these
glasses from the arcade where she's gone
like so funny because like he's nerdy
look Lucy Donna get ready no I like it
look here look at me here you really be
my look here you look so funny and cute
at the same salary see the cheese the
kissy cheese the King say cheese look
here say cheese here and that's the end
of the vlog be sure to get video a
thumbs up and go biryani tomorrow what
we're gonna do is we can actually glue
we're gonna actually record a new video
for our main channel we're very sorry we
couldn't record it for a while but
tomorrow we can record it we're gonna
wake up early this is hard for Adam I
know it's really hard because he barely
be something when he wakes up at 3
o'clock in afternoon but tomorrow he's
gonna wake up early we gonna meet up
like 12 or earlier and we're gonna start
recording this video is unique I don't
want telled idea but it's another
inspirational video and we hope you guys
enjoy it and right after that we're
going to be meeting up with our manager
to discuss our future plans and stuff
with choose to aasa and amplitude so
stay tuned for updates stay tuned for
the news I really actually I actually
have not say today but just want to
thank you guys for the support he has
been given us to do in our vlogs in our
main channels you guys been tweeting it
you know you guys been doing so much for
us so we try thank you for that and even
the silent ones even the people that's
really quiet that that didn't show
themselves but they watch every time it
comes out they watch the video they
don't share it probably but they don't
they watch it like you know they
subscribed and they watch it so shout
out to you and shout out told supporters
team ESA and actually I'm sorry this is
short but that's a wrap
