hi guys so I finally got a new bed and
it's my little nephews bed he gave it to
me he actually was gonna throw it away
but I told him no give it to me and
because I wanted to pass it on and I
want that I want it to be passed on you
know like how I don't ever want it to be
thrown away I don't really love zit she
doesn't wanna like leave the he doesn't
want to leave it me do you like this car
Ben you love it you love it yeah a lot
yeah a lot
uh-huh you do this funny you want to
fight yeah are you scared
yeah so find me yeah so fight me
yeah give him a kiss first a big kiss
okay it's not a kiss
you just suck me teeth give him kiss mmm
okay I'm gonna give you something okay
okay you ready I'm okay here it is
feeling hey love laughs do me Ellie
gang gang team mmm a s a hey high five
this is a throwback picture of me I was
like maybe he'll does I was like a
seven-meter
hey guys what's up right now we're in
the streets of Woodside Queens you
haven't been here in a minute
I was pretty cool we just met a girl
named Habib ah so happy for watching
this without Habib Oh
so right now head trauma screams house
to continue on our parity that we're
working with him and we're gonna write
our own lyrics I got a chicken slice
pizza with a mango Snapple you got a
chicken I don't know what that is
chicken something take our own chicken
roll that's not a role though it is it's
a chicken here oh it's a role you know
how to make you they roll it up and then
forgive me oh you can have any type of
food we got a chocolate cake hi what's
up how you doing what's your name my
name is that um nice to meet you doing
good oh boy this is my son Morgan all
right so we just finally came to creams
I was about to start the script of them
we're gonna sketch limousine so you're
about to start the script of the parody
miss them and yeah well really we're
gonna sorry not really something so good
always go around stuff like that Oh talk
about it that's good
so yes and I believe that with your
kindness by Daniel man yo Joe thank you
got so right now we're about to start
the parody I'm doing my sting present
after me creams into the court so creams
mom give us some amazing Arabic food
thank you so much holla there's the copy
this is like what is it called
yeah duet all right by the way it's
called wet
that's called Malthus mashed potatoes
chicken everybody's not a cream about
the game because he must oh who is
begging for some game any roses like
like ASC laughs we always have this long
Gleb and we never stop there okay yeah
you guys make that nervous you're like
not using oh he was like oh me shaking
cream we're gonna be wrapping in the new
parody that's gonna have to are loyals
Chris Brown Laurie's featuring little
Wayne and Tyga so make sure you guys
check it out we're still gonna film
we're gonna record it first and film it
so it should be dope oh no yo uh-huh
this is a rapper made for ya yo yo ah yo
yo yo yo uh-huh yo yo yo yo yo you know
ah yo yo ah yo yo yo oh hey guys what's
up right now we are at creams outs I'm
here with the homie cream from Orry
famous now and slim from still on
vacation so um we decided to do a rant
about um arranged marriage and about our
opinions on it so we want to express to
you what we feel about range marriages
and do we agree with or disagree with it
and yeah let's begin finis ER Pentagon
they're going to see a final amount if
we think of a marriage is is um is good
or love marriage or something like I
don't shake spoke about a once-in-a rant
but we're gonna all talk about it in
cream believe we would it do a ring very
important we don't support range
marriage as much because I mean there is
a lot of pros and cons to it but I feel
like arranged marriage is
not right and Mia's flip is for arranged
marriage but we're going to be talking
about is why we think arranged marriage
is in bed I mean I didn't say man we
never said ye o as it furthers while we
support it why are you supportive basic
okay
let the debate begin who's gonna start
up guys ladies first okay that's awesome
I don't know as well I'll point out the
divorce rate between in America where it
gets arranged marriage my whole family
every day was it had arranged marriage
on parents live I had Leo that six kids
my cousin's every day old like had a
sinful marriage you know when it comes
to America like okay 50 percents already
well you kick a can I can decide abate
not kindergarten they're like an
American is I got 50 percent fortune
from home I'm not sure that's the reason
why I believe that arranged marriage
isn't bad likewise why we support now
because when you when it's when it's
love marriage Jimmy you you love this
person you know everything about this
person that you just get married to what
is the point getting married like you
know there's a high chance of you guys
getting a divorce but if you're
arraigned you don't know anything about
this person so you have your whole life
to learn about this person so you have
till death to to love this person more
and to get into that person in the
divorce I mean you're gonna get divorce
right away if you have love most likely
okay alright hi my brother look at me
you can cheat are you fighting look this
is why there's war in this world because
no like this is the wrong people with
javanese I said the divorce rate is a is
high with you ever but not with the
arranged marriage well that was back in
that generation that generation it was
easier to get a range mayor this
generation I think but what I believe my
opinion I'm sorry if anybody is against
me or not but this generation I think we
should know the person at least first
and you know know a little bit about
them so you can light them and no you
don't want to come with like a surprise
in like oh my god what if you can't take
that risk unless you want to take that
okay I'm talking bad on anyone who does
follow arranged marriages and is it an
arranged marriage we're not like saying
that you're you know a negative or a bad
horrible thing but I'm against different
reasons like right now you're saying
that divorce rate is high for people
here in America who are married to the
they know I don't think you should
compare it to Americans I think it
buries a pretty stupid so that's that's
pretty obvious right it's right well how
very good to Boomer YouTube it's okay
we're all stupid and that's fine but see
the thing is you're saying that it's
there's a divorce rate of 50% or higher
but when you're arranged there's no
divorce rate what does that mean you're
the worst in that marriage
hold on which is horrible because you
held against your will not with him when
he was trying to say old generation debt
divorce if you don't know Las Vegas has
the highest divorce rate in the whole
world most are in this way Vegas Las
Vegas a lot drunk people get married is
very wide cuz they all fall in love and
they get my right away okay that's your
point you boys you guys in Africa I was
asking if you were an arranged marriage
can you get the divorce alright there's
a difference we should arrange marriages
and forced marriage arrangement is when
your parents pick out someone for you
even though you don't know them you have
the chance to know them at least two to
three days before the marriage get to
know like the small person I'd then
marry course caught quite forced
marriages and when they fortune you're
like a brother wonder it yeah I'm not
going to push them exactly we're not for
for the right way is force no it's not
when you pick the person for you oh no
parents like they say oh you selection
like yeah alright like this in this but
force 24th you have to my do is yellow
options you to know that is similar that
kind of it's similar but it's not if you
don't make it or you let me have all
right to deny you
I know horse you can't deny but Mussina
thing and that makes your argument
invalid because you'll be saying that Oh
arranged marriage is like you get to
pick out that's what we're doing every
day of our lives
sorry it is yours married because when
you aren't having an arranged marriage
they arranged the man for you or a woman
for you and that's it you cannot say no
it's another point or another that's it
it is not a no matter age married let me
just speak let people speak let people
speak quote thinking nothing speak all
right let me say my whole family is
where is my cousin like yeah it's not a
bad state inside which I said look let
me write in my phone
hello Sam we had a range man that's
saying you love this girl you saw her in
your college you really love her you
guys have been speaking together you
guys want to get married but then your
mom says she chooses you out with a lot
of girls you want to arrange with and
but you end up loving another girl that
you arranged it's what we do you do the
arranged marriage just cuz you think
that arranged marriage is gonna last
longer or are you gonna do the other
ones good lover which one would you do
is if you'll all right
it's gonna be basically a lot married
but if you go to your mom your your
mother selection it's arranged marriage
so base which one would you
sometimes the arranged marriages are not
even about love it's about money it's
about snacks yeah yes it is it's about
status is about money man one thing I
don't like about raging marriages they
want to choose a person for you because
of because of the the business they're
not doctors if they're not engineers I
don't like that you know I like it for
the person and for gentlemen here I
rather live I'd rather be homeless
living with where you go that's right
it's good this is nice is what Jaikishan
and yeah I'm homeless
with a girl let me finish what I was
saying I'd rather I'm saying I'd rather
live homeless with a wife out of love
like this to live in a house let's live
in a house with a girl that just is your
life that just likes me far like so I'm
just for for something that they want to
point out oh he's uh the father doctor
the doctor I wouldn't I wouldn't want
that I would rather have a girl that we
generally love each other
for instance and social personnel which
are the personalities down like for
something that you have like you know
I'm saying I'm not against rumor
remember reason to listen Oh precious
this is where the rescue like I get one
person Rory makes babies got tissues Oh
be serious sometime we have a serious
division up I'm trying
what if what did the person that you
that they arranged a marriage with you
right that they arranged marriage for
you and that girl is everything you hate
and she talks behind your back she tells
all her friends like your business and
then she tells people what your
shortcomings are and how horrible you
are you could say many things and make
your life a living hell well if what are
you gonna do if it makes my mom happy
I'll I wouldn't mind really my life is
help me doing a love marriage I know
wouldn't make my mom my mom happy I
would have to talk it goes like a shake
oh yeah if love grant marriage wouldn't
make your parents happy you'd have to
talk with them because you would have to
tell them then it would make your whole
life unhappy you know tell her make her
negotiate and I'm pretty sure she's your
mom she gave birth you she's gonna watch
it she's gonna want you happy right and
when you negotiate I guarantee you you
all would be happy but with an arranged
marriage
with an arranged marriage you wouldn't
want it you wouldn't want to be sad all
your life and have problems with your
wife and you know stuff like it because
these days I'm not in life these days
arranged marriages or having a high
percentage of divorces to be honest for
me I would choose a marriage and a girl
that I've known at least like I know her
and that we like each other we would
compromise with each other we understand
each other and I would choose that girl
instead of an arranged marriage so
that's what I'll choose instead arranged
marriage is too risky and it's too like
I don't know I just
I'm not feeling arrangement and just
this is our opinion so your opinions you
guys can leave in the comments below
please don't like bash any of us because
we have like crazy opinion if it's a
crazy opinion so if you guys have any
opinions in the comments below you guys
let us know what we do guys choose um I
choose a love marriage honestly because
honestly honestly a lot of guys because
you know I feel I feel weird with
already nervous I mean I supported kinda
I mean my family's like a deer in sung
but like I'm just cuz I'm born here in
stuff like us so our love marriage you
know gets called person better cuz I'm
be spending more of my life with this
person I'm happy to see kids with domes
your head it takes them seriously
you always love everybody enjoying the
day okay oh yeah I said like I'll be
spending the rest of life with this
person I mean having kids with this
person so I really like it's a no home
you know but that is true so if you want
a real stuff alright uhm I physiology
side I don't mind love marriages or
arranged marriages because what if I
don't follow what if I don't have this
many girls then what
that's what if then that's very weird
but it's kinda positive yeah anyway
anyways the thing though to me whatever
it happens whatever girl comes in my
life I'm gonna live with it even if
she's like most horriblest personality
I'm gonna find a way to live with you
got from it I hope that is that but
that's my complete
I love I don't mind arranged marriages
marriage that is people thing as I got
you this gurney bunk we shot I'm a set
up a range managed to you guys is that
okay for you for me obviously I'm with
these guys I don't for love marriage in
either way we have to be mature enough
to be with the person that we love and
keep that love sometimes the love fades
away and arranged marriage we have to
force ourselves to love that person it's
like it's like he's like so serious I'm
trying to be honest a lot of people go
do that stuff and there's girls out
there want to commit suicide because
they're there with a guy that they hate
not sure that's true so uh I mean frost
guys is different you know my boy ever
never do that and I was in love every
single hi Grammy chick all of this what
what creep set is serious a lot of girls
they they want to commit suicide because
of arranged marriages but guys you know
we have it easy like that's why some
girls like I wish I was a guy I wish I
was like that I feel bad when you say
that I don't know why I just like it
guys
yeah that's that's another topic that
Adam also brought which is really really
important is that we're thinking about
arranged marriage from the point of view
of us guys yeah what about from girls
point where they can't even sure okay so
guys they might line up the women for
you okay we have five different girls
but for that girl the guy is a guy guy
who choose any girl yeah that girl
wouldn't like to god yeah
that's very important because also
arranged marriages have to do with like
the girl marrying and God has ten times
twenty times older than or a guy that
wouldn't normally be able to marry a
girl like that without having an
arranged marriage all right he's it
would like that yeah you did
I feel like now white light
he really wonders that mmm that is true
Peschel never would've arranged
marriages they're gonna get him a wife
that he can't normally get because it's
really old yeah or because he has an
issue yeah yeah that's why I knows what
they shouid like when happened literally
oh my god this guy when he slit when he
laughs the whole world has to shake with
anybody is out there with uh an arranged
marriage we go you know from us all here
do you guys mind is like a horrible
thing we hope it's going it's going okay
for you and for us you know we're going
with love marriages we hope to god that
you know a lot of that John I'm gonna
fall in love with stays with us until of
will always stay strong because many
things fade away so but love is
something that you go we see but you
won't pay to marry it looks fade man
dance hope you guys enjoy this little
rent this is kind of like a debate you
guys want more these kind of mess all of
us give this flag thumbs up thumbs up
and yeah leave your comments below and
if you guys want to check out he's gonna
do a rant on his second channel with all
of us about what's it gonna be about
it's gonna be a girl it's gonna be about
the perfect girl and all these guys are
gonna be in it's getting about the
perfect oh shoot the link will be below
and certification um his all everybody's
links will be below so make sure you
check it out I wanna say something that
there's some people out there who thinks
like when you're hittin up someone's
looks
that's countess opinion that's not
opinion that is true that's hurtful
stuff you know game opinion is basically
to them when you're when you're saying
something bad about someone's it looks
that's not an opinion don't be like oh
I'm just stating my opinion that's not
an opinion that's just that's just being
a douche best exact that's messed up so
for all the haters up it is that is
judging people cuz if their looks and
being like always just my opinion just
stop this just ending exactly alright
it's all starts groans is it rather
close it see you guys tomorrow take care
peace
member
