hey guys what's up right now we were
here next to the Apple Store we just met
up and funny thing is we just what just
happened right now I was walking I just
got this bird shirt look birth and shake
just told me to up purchase pooped on
his back it's like I was walking and
then I seen something white on his back
and guess what I was it was a purchase
to get dumped on his back I'm wearing a
bird sweater just today the last time or
a board burst one was six months ago and
I got pooped on on the back of I think
is that good luck little good luck you
says good luck here when your mouth
water don't move come back
all right good okay look nice it looks
like a nice design Qi propolis what is
it right there
are you serious yep I put over for you
with what my tongue just here chillin in
an Apple store I don't know what's - I
didn't want to do anything with this is
too crowded
I'm naturally get trouble I'm so mad
that bird poo is on me - still on me I
can't get off look
doesn't want to go off because it's been
dried up and nobody in the street told
me it was bird food - shake - oh man hey
guys what's up I'm doing Ustream right
now in the Apple Store
being classical substances yourself
saying see hard towards CI guys 7 - hi
hi hi hi there's gonna be in the vlog
it was up
what's up so right
shout out shout out to Solitude
what's happening
we got one for if that's what it
takes I'm gonna say it I like this
jacket player where'd you get it I'm
singing no reaction he got a straight
face like he was every crows I won't
give him a rose he went off about the
killing I cappella I can tell you all
kinds of stories language the Apple
Store really bores me or how loud man is
my man's he showed me love all day but
none of y'all did what's up with that
with a dollar please in my head hey guys
what's up I'm here with Molly
my name is my friend name is Molly not
my room it's mommy
a cop mommy I'm swimming she's so funny
she's so cool
how you doing Molly how older Oh a three
years old here I got two babies
she three years old and she got two
babies how did you have to be talking
about on top of a song one will you ever
grow up
one will you ever grow down yes I see
shake is sick right now so that's why
he's been walking like he's feeling kind
of sick he's not in the mood for
anything come on man cheer up cheer up
come on yeah sure cheer up ha ha what
say hi Rima no see I give give me give
me give me that give me give me give me
that what do you have a ring on you
three my stable you will you marry me
say will you marry me
C will you marry me I wish I couldn't
send baby language huh you found the
ring need to stop drinking from your
bottle just cause you're sick doesn't
mean up drink from the bottom you two
and a half years old he was not born
yesterday mm-hmm
what did mean uh-huh Jimmy needs to stop
drinking from a bottle
I'm serious
how do we--how babies can jump in this
is like nothing comes out of this even
nothing comes out of it Mike Haley wanna
fight up nothing in there with missing a
song see I came in like a wrecking ball
Sarah got back a piece Reverend sir I
came in like a wrecking ball see say
it's the best song ever see they go hey
go go bite you what I'm doing mission
Palin oh okay give me cuz I'm not a cute
about you make I can never go to sleep
without getting my goodnight kiss for me
so give me a goodnight kiss
not go to see give me connect each other
one to tell you so feisty oh this why
sometimes rumor has an attitude if we
ever have a meeting you with three much
she's probably gonna be the rudest
person she's gonna be the rudest person
to you guys she's probably in blah are
no pictures I'm sorry no pictures we
must stop
oh oh oh sorry Adam
say sorry Adam drink your bottle
sergeant King uh you're gonna go to see
ya and I'm gonna see ya Waianae gonna go
to see ya give me a kiss hello girls
give me a kiss me a kiss the heck you
miss I've shown your feet it was a piece
off rude but that was wrong a shoe stop
we must stop mm-hmm
Yumi Kim we mustn't stop women tell them
sick we must say thumbs up not toes up
thumbs up say thumbs up
guys get this video a thumbs up if you
guys love ya thumbs up give this video a
thumbs up you guys love Rima more than
me
let's see who could beat that you guys
love even more than I do give her a
thumbs up I keep showing you toes that
worked or you got a pedicure they okay
okay good look at birdie say hi bird
heidrick talk to him give birdie kiss
hmm give the bird a kiss ah do the brita
kiss yeah he's gonna eat you hey Joe huh
he's gonna eat you she's trying to get
out of it
did she love you need you yeah you got
birdie
I was ours oh I love you if you guys
haven't checked out check out Kareem's
no parity that he had us in it was a
pleasure to be in it the video is
amazing once again
killed it the link will be below right
there below so make sure you guys all
check it out I want you all to go on it
and go turkey because you worked super
hard for this and the video is amazing
here's a little preview of it out Jack
still coos and then Adam comes right mom
is mad and friends are scared and then
she hits me ow ow ow I'm on the ground
and they'll stop
all right so make sure you guys all
check it out and have fun and enjoy hi
guys so it's time to wrap up this vlog
hope you guys all enjoyed this vlog and
I just wanted to say that thank you guys
all so much for all the congratulations
you guys gave us today for all the all
the wishes and the DAWs and and
everything hundred let you guys
seriously give the greatest feedback
ever and we'll keep you all updated on
everything we will be we have another
meeting today Friday for the TV show and
we're doing everything step-by-step so
we'll keep you guys they're still gonna
be doing AC vlogs remember still YouTube
remember we're still doing YouTube and
we're doing television at the same time
so hollow will be killing it at the same
time teammates a dummy gang you guys are
seriously the greatest and yeah always
help others and do good and you'll get
back a lot it's it's like karma in it
but in a good way like like I don't know
like I don't know we'll see you guys on
Sunday take care and peace
Oh
