welcome that we have been up it's
literally like 7:30 a.m. and we're
heading to New Jersey from New York City
and hopefully it turns out great I can't
wait to see you guys and have fun was
I'm gonna say p.m. say a okay yeah yeah
we woke up like literally like such as
time and stuff and I prayed to do a
fudge yeah but I woke up a thank you
very much
you ever sell to a driver hwangbang we
from lazy so we just got here we are
kind of really early registration starts
like a nine o'clock number like 18 and
only near the basketball court
people are having fun playing ball
before we get started we have the
booster right here yeah just black seed
mom'll love that in cayenne in cinnamon
yeah I bake with it yeah it's also good
to know the immune system it's also good
for energy Sarah nice cold soup the soup
already nothing and have in Yemen is a
spot called
soup you know there's like huh a
Buddhist idea missing like a cologne you
might try one out yes please
jeez oh hey Ice Cube checks in here
they also got hello guys
yeah but so right now they're setting
everything everything up right now it's
going pretty well it's an amazing
experience
12th water and yeah so the people over
there they're setting up the
registration tables actually given our
free breakfast over there the universe's
yeah that's my good everybody's in the
making right now any hoodlums come
through or you know starting to chop
block shake shake was to grab some
security guards here so the purpose of
this walk is actually because a lot of
people they don't have water that's the
walk miles for water so what we're doing
is we're gonna be walking and feeling
how it feels to walk not a water looks
cool blow the air up this is like the
first time we come thoroughly to
something so and it's not late we came
like five tempers literally we came
literally like an hour hour and half a
stop guys should be oh this kid isn't as
strong so he taught he said if anybody
messes with me he's gonna have my back
so yeah and this case they just wanna be
my friend
is it thank you so much
it's even longer off the grass I'm sorry
sorry sorry no subtitles
maybe right chillin
thumbs up
amazing
going up there her name is um no you're
gonna
so what are you gonna do
they're from Jersey side so we're gonna
say boy your question asked us
and yes is that question-answer was just
I don't know like we get more confidence
with the camera we get more confident
the cameras on us
like early
what's up guys Rami Rami is me okay you
got my awesome okay
autographs
where do you know what hi guys so time
to wrap up this vlog hope you guys enjoy
this long vlog if you guys did make sure
you guys give this like a thumbs up and
go turkey since this vlog is one of our
longest vlogs we've ever had since a
while ago I don't know why but I'm
losing my voice I think I've been
talking so much or talking really loud
lately this was an amazing experience it
was a walk through water if you guys
don't know what was the purpose of it it
was because the people in Syria they
have to walk from their village all the
way to their city to get clean water to
drink so what we want today is the
distance that they walk to get clean
water and it was on behalf of AmpliTube
productions we wanted to go out and
raise awareness and who wants us to
represent true story a team a si and to
represent the whole Muslim community so
everybody can come together and help so
all the amazing people met over there it
was an amazing time with you guys I
really hope we see you guys soon maybe
next time with new jersey if we do a
show I have another walk or any other
that or something we do there we'll see
you guys again
you guys were seriously so much fun and
I won't ever forget you guys keep
smiling and stay beautiful we have a new
video tomorrow at 5 p.m. Eastern time so
you guys can go on a Twitter we're gonna
have a countdown for tomorrow at 5 p.m.
for a new video we'll see you then take
care and peace
