and now printing picture
and I dare you to guess what it is
because I am now
I wanted oh my gosh no
more coming out I'm so scared to do this
video is to film the video so hey guys
what's up right now we're at Union
Square it up I came to see that the
super super sunny weather is beautiful
today right now what we headed - we're
gonna go right hold on hold on poses in
there and snap shut like them like they
come they go to Sephora we use cologne
oh yes let's see was almost wicked okay
oh yeah so good so this is it
hey doors it
all set I can't even wait can't wait SS
which the do cream
what are we doing with a battles ice
race do we need a helmet or something
we're a Co we're better than I died man
I'm scared you got the screen there like
swimwear you're supposed to be on the
sea holiday look
okay yeah shaking somethin something
over there
just take Steve's driving I'm sorry
fit the left foot do not listen come on
do it
you keep coming here you market feeling
my leg I'm not I don't know your skin I
don't you see the dragon well I'm scared
I'm horrible yeah so we're right now and
on the soothing bike and Mia seems to
get a SS all day pound a very noble
well let's Matt scary Allah is that
scary just rush the person that's
driving so badly and I'm in the back I'm
using one actually drive that's why see
just me sometimes alright I always use
crashes over there okay are we ready to
cut Yoda left us taking our nice walk
down
okay Adam II suck or driving a boy baby
they can they can do it yeah I'm such a
park that the most beautiful view ever
looks amazing look Victor water Anna
yeah my just taking a picture my tits
again I picture a rhino
oh yeah you guys serious they don't know
how to ride a bike they've been like
behind this the whole time you look so
funny like good look at this put your
hands in there like you just don't get
the main channel camera video with the
camera that we use to do our main
channels and our pranks and our videos
and stuff and it's going great so far
it's going pretty crazy to hear now 99%
of it it's really no we're like well
like halfway through it and I literally
didn't didn't sleep at all because we're
going to the walk tomorrow and I do not
want to oversleep
or anything so hopefully I get to make
any stuff guess it's the view over my
house tonight I'm sleeping over his
house today because I suggest
let me get back so right now flagging we
just got done with the video it went
pretty well
some crazy reactions some scary scary
someone Daniel is heavy reaction this is
the picture literally this was this was
happening the wind would like fly it off
or me I would forget and it was against
the wall
and I I don't I do not want anybody to
have any like pictures of outside or I
don't want to stay there because I can
get in trouble
and I'm really scared that's why I I
took every single one of them and I come
from them up so guys I know you guys
noticed like when we did the train video
of dancing you guys know a shave my
armpits I shaved it too because I took a
picture I take selfie I took a selfie
and like I don't know how like a curl i
like jerry curl tomorrow oh yeah yeah my
hair is curly armpit my hair my hair is
naturally curly some people say I make
my hair curly I don't
this is how my regular here oh so soft I
mean you are like completely different
by all - I'm on like innocent - you're a
crazy I'm not an energetic person I'm
not you have curly hair I have straight
hair
you're light-skinned um brown skin I'm
some more you're dumb okay no that's a
difference I'm smart he's dumb
thank you baby I can't work you can't
work all right yeah that's you yeah
actually I can't or glasses sorry
it's working it back okay
I got so it's time to wrap up this black
hope you guys all enjoyed this vlog by
accident shaked took the black camera
home and he doesn't have the USB to put
in the video it's letting his laptop
edit so the black work for water that we
did in New Jersey will be up tomorrow so
everybody that was looking forward to it
that was there it would be up tomorrow
and I was so surprised the reaction in
today but the black camera is not here
with me right now so I will post a
rematch in tomorrow and the walk for
water vlog will be up tomorrow hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog if you guys did
make sure you guys give this like a
thumbs up and go turkey was an amazing
amazing amazing day meeting you all it
was just a blessing you guys are
seriously so much fun you guys were so
sweet and I can't wait to see you guys
again soon we have a new video on
Wednesday at 5 p.m. Eastern time so I
hope you guys are looking forward to
that we'll see you guys tomorrow with a
new vlog and Wednesday with a new video
on our main channel
take care team a say do me hang and
peace
