are you
that cop just caught someone skipping a
red light you're right how you doing huh
we kept you get hit by a car you're
right I just noticed that no one has
ever ever pranked the hommina keep so
I'm like you know what Adam a dizzle for
shizzle my nizzle gotta scare him what's
up bro sup man I'd do it again chillin
can I get that jacket on I can take it
yeah this dude just said he's gonna give
me his jacket I appreciate it man see
you swot love meeting you guys I get
free jackets here you got you get mine I
get yours oh wow this is dope Wow
this jacket smells pretty good hey hey
how do you think offensive in it today
ha nice to be shot I'm in ICU I
don't you saw things he's so nice huge
had at the Sun that was really really
nice stay in school don't do drugs or
food if he came into me
what are we can in Jamaican sick for the
Rican in Jamaican Shannon said for the
Ricans and Jamaica is out there my man
Shawn bro this dude seriously made my
day trying to give me his jacket but
anyways to do me gang as I was saying
because I keep getting interrupted today
I'm gonna be pranking Nikki and this is
what I'm gonna do it ready okay so in
here I don't think I should even show it
like in public or anything but I have
look at this okay this right here oh can
we hide it right and I got my huge it
clown costume I don't have the mass and
the reason why I do not have the mask is
because Dina she threw my mask garbage
so right now I'm gonna go get a new
clown mask hi to the camera come out
with the clown costume and scare the
crap out of Nicky let's do this mo Pedro
Gonzalez I'm sorry man but you have to
get you somehow yeah I'm going to Party
City I need to get a clown mask Ustream
and column buff it do me gang I finally
made it here to Party City getting at my
clown mask and I'll see you guys I love
Halloween so much because they have the
dopest stuff here especially in Party
City look at this remember use of my
nephew having this and presenting to hit
people this is a dope dope prank idea
like it looks so real like wow guys find
a random kid
well you got the cute man
his mom was like what the heck why they
fighting with swords hi guys I'm looking
for a clown mask where is it clown man
look at this whoo we got the Egyptian
stuff here shouts all my Egyptians look
at this they got the Pharaohs they got
the earrings you have the stuff for way
neck look they got the stuff for wiener
way neck chapter 2 comes October 29
pre-order October 22nd don't figure out
October 22nd I always get creeped out by
these masks look we got creepy it looks
man so creepy
do you know where's the commas I think I
think they're down here you do another
or thank you so much my appreciative
legs them thank you shit
thank you so much thank you I appreciate
a minute no problem you do man thank you
love you sugar clown Nazi set it down
here let's see it let's see all the
clown masks over here look at this the
clown mouths man I wonder why there's
always a freaking truck mask near the
clown man this dude is such a clown I
don't know which one you choose all
right guys let's copy this clown mask
right here like the scary look
let's scare and I got the weed it's slim
look in here and I met the homie boy I
said what up man the dunya watch this
I'm gonna expose some girls they keep
following me seriously I don't know what
to do other eye I do it they're too
scared to say huh
should I chase them is that follow them
are they following me are you doing okay
yes right okay do me gang I found the
perfect spot to do this whole prank so
Mina keeps some of our cars sometimes we
meet up around here these benches behind
me and they really hate it because the
area is not so good there's a lot of
people who rob people here fight people
for no reason
so I sent Nikki my location five minutes
ago he said he's gonna be here in 10
minutes so that means I have five
minutes to get ready he's coming from
his lunch break right now from work so
he's in a big rush so let's do it doing
a stupid quick let's do this first
oh my god oh my god oh I have like four
minutes and he should be here guys I
think he's calling he's calling me he's
calling me yo you just gotta I'm at the
location come to the exact location did
I send you the location I'll see you
says you're like I think five or seven
minutes away it's like benches you need
as benches we always go to me slim okay
I could I go I think that I think I have
extra to three minutes to get ready
gotta put my phone back in I'll put on
the mats right now this is the new dope
clown mask thumbs up and do me a
subscribe put your notifications on
Monique II bye MA I'm sorry but you
gotta you know a dizzle for shizzle my
nizzle you know what I'm saying gotta
gotta start the prank war you know I'm
sayin
goosh about me it's so hot in here I
almost at the camera do wish me like I
got this he's all my fear that's it
well I asked us
okay
it's not funny
ready I couldn't see nothing but I can't
wait to watch this finally almost he
comes two minutes ago they see the atom
or some crazy-ass dude some traffic like
swinging him or no no one has ever paid
you ever nothing so I'm the first one I
give he really but you want to start
this right now the reason why no I pray
to you is there's a reason why Noah
picks me you want to set this right now
what you huh you want set this right now
so much smoke not how I should have
swung my car well the car is driving
with beep it I'm like oh my god the cars
like you'll be careful you gonna get
hurt don't do that I'm gonna be quite
mad ya know if I'm gonna give props I
feel sorry sorry your huge head I said
homie the key right here you guys want
to see him his whole social medias
either here or down below you guys I
feel bad it's a conversation man we'll
get you back don't lie you're safe now
but you know it's conversation I got
shot was that
I'm sorry
I hope you guys enjoyed this video if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up subscribe put your notifications on I
love you guys so much chapter 2 um uh
yeah I have some stuff to handle right
now with chapter 2 and some documents
assigned so it's gonna be a long long
day he's gonna and I got him now break
you're gonna give you y'all gonna eat
man come on forbidden to a guy huh
so am I thank you guys do me I love you
guys gonna see you guys I'm a tomorrow I
love you
peace play them where you been where you
been I've been waiting here the whole
time for you I've been waiting here a
long time for you you've been missing
