hey guys what's up right now we are
eating lunch and it is Thanksgiving so
happy turkey day to you guys and shake
is getting alright even eating tonight
nobody's eating turkey here
we're not even with our family we're
here just chilling mean shake or just
hanging out and we might be filming
today later on like around midnight for
Black Friday so might be filming
something is Black Friday for you guys
and it's gonna be called Black Friday
date with Frank basically just like our
date prank part 2 but we turned to Black
Friday date prank we're gonna ask people
if they want to date at the while
they're shopping for Black Friday for
Black Friday if you want to think of
Black Friday and we'll see how it goes
and I mean how does matter if I'm about
to do a new video for you guys you
should be out tomorrow an amazing
attention today I was gonna be up all
night editing is like while I sleep so
shout out right now we're gonna go buy
dates so we can do the video and ask you
for one a date hopefully turns great oh
one is rhyme I'm gonna go ask people day
what a day
hopefully it turns great okay you
already know you can't make a hit and
play hey yo yo take yeah so we went into
this convenience store to get date and
someone wanted again sides the carpets a
pigeon I look at them are you good yo
you good
blood huh you just just come home with
it
yeah here we go
give me help I got you
not something gogo I only go pleasure
wrong way wrong me
push ah you're gonna die like if you
mess it up little boo back you mess up
we're supposed to go in Macy's to shoot
our video like how big a line is this is
gonna be funny
later behind me as you can see the long
line waiting for Macy's the line has
been here for
openly without enough
at 7:18 we have one more hour to stay
one more hour Tom what is he gonna get
what are you get
Yeah right
take it
is getting big
damn dishes the whole line for Macy's I
don't know how the hell we're going to
shoot this video inside here but it's
going to be freaking long night and we
got to stay out of ghosts people are
even getting
oh you guys are cheap shake all you
cheap
what are you guys gonna buy here what
are you guys are gonna buy huh I don't
know I'm just you know he called you
cheap huh he called you cheap why you
calling cheap books how did I guess
Macy's line or the crazier and I like
everybody's here gathering on one thing
I'm going to do it here and let's see
how this goes right now so damn proud of
it is about 10 p.m. at night first I'm
doing a video like this late at night
good thing we're in here so we some
light you see us all the stores here so
damn crowded to see how this goes I
don't know how we're gonna move you got
car business
this is black private school crowd
I think - that's literally
oh there's some bags crowded it just
opened right now what's up yeah hey I
was a Black Friday
swag alright so this turned out not so
good everything everybody here is just
super duper Crowder became film anything
you tried it from something and it's
just like so crowded everybody passing
through pushing you around and just like
it's not it's harder than what we
thought so I apologize on behalf of me
and I don't know video we're gonna try
to film it again tomorrow right now it's
about midnight and we're going to try
again tomorrow after we put up the vlog
so I'm gonna see how this goes I don't
care I want to try to do it if we don't
leave in the comments below what you
guys want to see us do next do you guys
want to see some doors to a regular day
prank part - there's want to see us to
meet a Muslim part 2 next or whatever
let us know in the comments a just just
come below what kind of video you want
us to do and sha la will do it ok
hey Shannon scare me do this game all
right here
wench blendin please guys there's time
to wrap up this flag hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog kind of mad today that
we didn't get to film this video but
hopefully we'll try it tomorrow and see
how it goes if we can't then we'll do
another video that we'll think of
because it's so crowded we didn't expect
it to be that crowded and to like I
don't know like when we try to film
everybody was coming away and just like
everybody is pushing people and it was
just hectic and yeah don't worry they
say that you know when darkness happens
the light comes up I don't know if I
said it right
I just said it wrong right you know what
I'm like when sad times happen when bad
times happen good things will come soon
so in cello that means that better video
comes soon or we can make it and do it
tomorrow
so thank you guys what I was going to
turkey on a thumbs up and for always
given our vlogs a thumbs up I really
appreciate it so much hope you all have
a great day and for the Omar Egan show
the link will be below for New York so
make sure you guys check it out below so
take care and peace
