you're watching the other part so today
on our show we have Sameer Islam who is
complaining that her mother is forcing
her to marry some relative that she's
never ever seen in the light before
she's never ever talked to or to never
ever interacted with so today we have
Samaras mom on the show recently telling
us about how she feels about this and we
will help solve their issues later we
have smirre Aslam backstage and let's
see what she says okay so the only
reason I'm actually here is never seen
before
you know and here we have this Samaras
was very simple like the other day right
my um oh she she I don't know if you
have to say marry me no I don't want to
get married and and then at the end of
the end of the argument and I'm like
okay I will get married but I choose my
husband and she's like no she then
chooses hurry and the next day she comes
back and she gives me a picture and this
guy he looked nothing like my dream guy
he looked nothing like how I wanted a
guy to be and this guy he has no nothing
like who I am you're gonna see him I
think they're coming to show today you
will see how he is you guys see what I
have to go to and it's on the mom please
no
but she's not listening so that's what I
keep their other partial to give me
problem solved
all right so it's time that we find out
what sameiras mamas say Samira Khan is
backstage and let's see what she has to
say this guy is very handsome I think it
would be perfect for my daughter I don't
know why she won't like him
please welcome Samira Khan see my
daughter is 21 so she needs to get
married so I found the perfect guy for
her but she doesn't like him I don't
know why because he is very handsome
he's very smart he got a BA degree and
his first class and he's just like my
husband so let's find out
I don't know so I'm going to find out I
mean that why I am coming so we spoke
boy Jahangir sign
why here I am I am I like what do you
see what do you want from her
tell us all about this I don't know what
is problem you know I am very nice
person I clean order time like sometimes
I don't
someday I know I don't know cooking but
I take shower every day I say aggregate
I am very good
I don't know why she'd not like him eeeh
and very good guy
you know why he should not marry me you
know hard you know I am very hot
and I think she I don't know where you
go wrong you know the thing is that some
guys the only married girls to get
something out of them and sometimes it
isn't the perfect thing to actually set
up on matters like this like you have to
look the girl agree and let her like the
guy the girl doesn't like it
it's gonna be very difficult and it's
gonna be very hard for people so you
know if you're gonna when you're married
choose who are you gonna marry don't
just marry someone out of force because
that's not how am I supposed to be oh
that is very - I had a best friend long
time ago she got married to a random guy
than her parents chose for her and a few
years later she found out that he only
married her to come to America it is it
is very sad and she's always crying
because of it but she didn't get one
because people was gonna say bad stuff
about her sister gee that is very cute
but can you hurry up I have to know if
I'm going to get married
please let me go through the guy he
looks so bad I mean he can't he came to
anything
we do this
Oh Johnny Betty sorry let's go home
oh so what you saw this show is that you
should of course English get married you
should have forced him to fall in love
love habit on its own and yeah and that
is the end of the Ilia of our show tune
in next week on sa vlogs for the next
episode where we solve another case till
then Qaddafi's and well thank God I
didn't let my daughter marry him he is
so disgusting and he's not smart at all
he's nothing like my husband
thank you so much a young more for a
baby meter now I don't have to marry
that guy I'm grossly down but I don't
know why was my family now I can do this
I have to do for my family so I can add
another card so I can
this guy is very handsome
I think he will be perfect for my
daughter I don't
