hey guys what's up right now we're
walking headed to go eat and after we
eat we're gonna release our video where
we eat because it's Wi-Fi there and
that's basically our daily stuff for
doing uh doing videos like I don't know
we know we only do that when our video
comes out we go somewhere to eat and
then when there's Wi-Fi we just put it
on you have to go to a place of Wi-Fi if
there's no place with Wi-Fi where we eat
at we do not eat their weight right now
in the hood in Manhattan we shoot a
movie I don't think the show in the
movie if you guys don't know we're
flying up to Canada tomorrow to Montreal
and Ottawa so we should go on great and
you guys always ask us how do we do our
classes and stuff so the classes that we
miss we take it online courses so
meaning we're a third year in college
inshaallah by next year at the end of
the year next year of 2015 right senior
15 will get our bachelor so yeah joy now
is you know with working hard working
our butts off right now that's why
sometimes we can't do new streams
together we can do anything we always do
blogs and videos and you guys asking
like God who shows how do we have all
the time we meet a bride after class and
then we start reporting info we do a
whole other mo homework in class I've
know about him and I never really like
10 mins before I just quickly write it
all day I never bring my blog camera to
class or nothing because I do not find
it so
if you guys seen the movie home alone
this was the tree that they record
around right they're gonna build this
for okay they can build this for the
2013 Rockefeller Center tree no not this
tree this one iron you can't see it's
behind this thing saw that got them
recorded to night Ice King
yeah for the night yeah here just any
cake eat dinner I see I'll put on the
black Emmys
yeah of course I know I asked it come on
I see it looks beautiful here South
ambition is that that much people use I
want to go I think it's both different
ways you can you get to choose from
there you dumb one
no man come on to the ice skating
like burn
each day has inspired to do that it's
the flags where's the Yemen flag it's
just a flight where's any Arab flag wow
this will mess up gosh man what the heck
ready for food huh
yet ago we got pasta baked ziti with
pinion with meatballs David city city
big city big city big big city trick we
got a mom garlic bread
especially this twins oh my god do not
love her I shall have a Spanish song to
sing to you guys
and I don't know what it means so don't
know I don't know what it means but I
just put words together and I sang at
the shake a-shake said it was beautiful
he said it sounds pretty good I'm sorry
- shut up so hey about New York you came
in vlog or film anyway shut up
sometimes the alive either so they can
just pass through the streets with red
lights look
so my Spanish tengo de cos que la otra
Santa Rita Ella quiere que la otra sania
Chiquita Grande Kunta
yeah was a good do you like it does it
make you fall in love so our new video
just came out here to watch it on time
new video just came out make sure you
guys go check it out the link is below
was here with all her gifts that she got
from the New Jersey show she didn't go
to the show like how many gifts she got
she's like racking up like hey this is
my husband come here let me let me dress
it up you got it what was a crown where
the Crown's first you're gonna be a
princess right now give me give me fix
here let me fix here yeah okay don't
move them oh oh my god here are your
princess
let me see you honey let me see Hanna
mr. princess now here this is from Salwa
to Rhema the bracelets where it where
put her three in hands how did you she
wasn't put on the bag open it room I
think she's room is a two-year-old but
her she's a dream as a 21 year old stuck
in a two year old body yeah oh it's open
put it Wow Rima doesn't like the smell
of end of it put it on there and it
looks nice hearing that Wow my she'll
love me me like nice you look like a
real percent of your first step
oh my good Cinda hey got your visa
you've got your visa
Rima is a princess now yeah step put it
in your oh wow so whatever she has not
she's gonna put it in her in her little
purse open it let's go here you go I
don't know why by imagine Rima being
like in beauty pageants when she's older
like like honey boo boo like acting that
like that cuz she's been having a nasty
attitude lately you need to stop with
that nasty attitude thank you so much
digging up see I hey love yeah you yeah
oh oh thank ya thank you it was a box
that's the end of the vlog be sure to
give V
thumbs up and go biryani on the likes um
our new video has been released if you
guys didn't watch it if you guys didn't
watch you guys should check it out it
was very fun to meet um there was a
scene where a phone fell down I don't
want to ruin for the people that didn't
watch it but there was a phone that felt
and people are like they were
complaining like I was the why did if
harm cuz you the phone broke isn't that
the phone did not break nothing was
damaged no one was hurt
everything was just fun and the guy the
guy that Adam bumped into the phone fell
off his hand but nothing happened to the
phone that guy just want to make excuse
to chase Adam so no damage is no damage
occurred so you guys can forget about
that yeah if you guys didn't see it the
video is out on our main channels the
link is just in the description box
below you guys should check it out and
give that video a thumbs up and you know
show you support
tomorrow we are off to to Canada
Montreal and Adam we have two shows
coming up on the 22nd is in Montreal and
23rd is in Ottawa it's a show you guys
should not miss because liver on the
area you guys should definitely come and
have fun with us we're gonna have many
great performances and we can do like
you know gonna have a lot of fun you
guys should really come hope to see a
lot of you guys there what we did today
was nothing much we just met Amy and
Adam met up to you know what we do is
when the video comes out we meet up
prior to the video releasing time we
meet up like two three hours before we
chill and then we go to some place that
has Wi-Fi and we eat there we eat there
and we use the Wi-Fi and then we let it
go we also have a countdown so every
time our new videos coming out you're
gonna you guys should join us on Twitter
we have a countdown it's a lot of fun
we we have that good hype in that vibe
right before the video comes in so you
know you guys should check it out um if
you guys didn't check out the last wave
as I said check that out on the top of
the news thank you for watching and
that's the end that's a wrap peace
that's right I don't know Josh may ever
make an approach
