hey welcome no don't jump down now I
jump down Rima don't do it I would do it
Rima I love Yuri mom please don't do it
we ma are you gonna do this to me you
can't do this to me baby I love you
don't do it
Rima no no no do you know Tara not to do
it you better not do it no Tina Turner
stuff no she's like swerve Dina helper
cariann here we an go fighting huh you
mad or nah cuz Dina didn't help you give
me five
you know swerve me you want swerve me
I'm a high five yo face hmm you ain't
gonna do it
em I don't know go make me being a cry
you don't make a gangsta cry room I
don't do this rumour look look the only
two years old you have a long life ahead
of you
Reema please please home
ah huh don't do that Harvey my dog Reema
don't do it to her the one is actually
shaken is actually Deena she's almost
shaking stop so there's a video that I
found being Reema back two years ago
almost exactly two years ago and me and
her was sitting down at the same spot
where I always sit and I was lip singing
the song I will always love you with her
so I decided to do the same thing and
lip saying I will always love you with
her today as a throwback video and put
it together and see how it'll look she
seriously she means the world to me
every day she makes me smile every day
she makes me feel better as a person
every day she makes me happy and if it
wasn't for her I probably have a lot of
gray hair so but here you guys go watch
it enjoy it if you guys did enjoy it
give it a thumbs up
you
hey guys we stopped right now Macy's
waiting for shape and I see this really
cool mannequin dress has a you dress but
it's made out of roses
100% real roses right now smells like
roses over
that's gonna be the move style I'm not
gonna give my wife white dress she's
gonna wear a row dress so I should be
cool
damn that these girl
get on my side I got to go beautiful
shape outside for the first time I did
not complete whoo-hoo he's gonna be so
happy right now he actually came late
just two minutes think so this is the
first time we actually come on time both
of us together
I'm looking for him for this shake shake
well
I read
Oh mess my homie
soon my homie sir okay so that's a
buffet you go back to eat putting it
leaning it to my left is all real mashed
potatoes chicken chicken chicken pull my
corn and cheese I love macaroni and
cheese on why I love sushi rolls do you
guys like special I never tried this
leave in the comments below do you like
sushi I chose a good its it man really
yeah what do you yeah
and then those are rice and pellets
looks weird
shakes up the snails I put in the
chicken no snow especially as much I
swear to god biggest snails it's much
much it was mushroom are those snails
I'm by the season
that happy moment when you look through
a chocolate bar please and they got the
windows oh my gosh I'm gonna eat you so
good a baby imma bite you try to use
chopsticks right go this is true Daisy
see through this Elektra Daisy but let's
see very true agent masters watching
that I see very true agent pick it up
don't cheat case wins yeah I miss you
guys
mrs. Tolliver is blurry blurry ladies we
have spotted the giant of New York City
witnesses say he has been here ladies
and gentlemen we just spotted big bird
from Sesame Street
oh he is here without his costume and it
is pledged to me how you doing duper
we're good good I'm an elbow ladies
gentlemen I just spotted Bertram yes
live over here yeah no yeah you will see
stupid Arabs acting stupid
there's nothing you can't change in New
York go try to give Elmo hugs and say
psych go
come on good do it or tap him on the
shoulder choose one choose one hurry
hurry
Oh
oh my god I just found a Nutella pizza
here
I'm definitely to get one of this oh my
gosh
please pick Iman yes we're gonna eat
here yeah
come on daddy could you stay here not
now son we have to relax you see I I see
see how about I have something I want my
son's be raised in a fotomat wait so
right now we're about to eat something
to tell the pizza for the first time
I've never tried not to tell appease I
tried from oh but I don't know
Shh house Oh
is that please as trying to sing we got
what is called few got those well those
it's called ice writers max bender
that's better just enforcing Street
Union Square they're like chocolate dark
chocolate everything trunk we yachty man
Nutella chocolate pizza let's see how it
tastes
gonna get my first bite oh come on
please
I see other review you're gonna have to
review on that so out of the tape excuse
sir how does empties I'm moving I'm in
love
hi guys it's time to wrap up this flag
hope you guys all enjoyed this flag if
you did make sure you give this vlog a
thumbs up and go turkey team a si do me
gang we'll see you guys tomorrow
unfortunately we couldn't record a video
today we didn't record a little bit but
we didn't get it done because it got
cold again I don't know what's wrong
with this weather but we'll be filming
no video and if we don't have a new
video this weekend and shuttle I'll try
my best to put up Adam that'll my son
you have solid show episode two and this
one is going to be even crazier so if
you guys think episode one was crazy
episode 2 will be even crazier if you
guys haven't watch episode 1 go the link
will be below if you guys can watch it
on the videos on our ACF like channel
and on the AC vlog channel we upload
daily vlogs and we upload stuff you know
for you guys who like us as who we are
mean shake and Rima my family shakes
family you know we upload stuff you know
anything that you guys that we think you
guys would enjoy and really fun reading
your comments every single day and just
seeing you guys everyday and being the
reason for you guys smiling every single
day the fact that you guys tweet us and
comment us and tell us you know that
every single day you guys watch our
daily vlogs and it truly makes you happy
or makes you feel so much better when
you're having a bad day it just means
the world to us and and we're blessed to
do that for so many people and it truly
means Allah Allah will continue doing
that and I can't wait for a say daily
Ramadan vlogs season 2 I'm that's right
around the corner so be on the lookout
for that we'll see you then take care
team a say we'll see you on Sunday and
peace
member
