rise and shine she is making a breakfast
we got Humberto beer between soccer
chiusa got me Munna here she's on the
laptop and Oh what you have a facebook
or twitter twitter come on hurry I'm
hungry I'm hungry shake hurry
MTV yes they become this visit huh come
this a empty beach oh yeah I will show
you around my outcome it is very cold
calm Katamon yes for coming take off
your shoes and put it down and athletes
agematsu is part of the company so okay
no problem come in visually so this is
my living room
yeah what do you guys do here you see
since my uncle let me put the lights on
sorry about that
my uncle did over here so one is right
here second one right here and after the
third one right
no but we are guests like this these are
the stairs we won't stay up to the
second floor
what is this go to second floor second
floor nice this is nice mm-hmm she liked
the color powerful so my mommy gave it
to her you know that's cool I like
purple too yes this is deliver own shake
they fix up the whole floor cuz they got
men down maybe like last year and now I
handle everything is fixed oh brother
where are you I'm sorry I didn't know
you do number two I was just walking by
open up door brother next time no delay
in white noise
you didn't even voice I put my this is a
this is the kitchen room you know it is
not finished yet so the kitchen room is
gonna come this way so I what mama
interview new film TV cribs IVF it your
house is not finishing it
these are ideas in my life I'm item
waiting room yeah and you know this bed
right here this is a magic Evan you know
within me a magic F is here what do you
mean magic happens our brother I'm sorry
any others are laughing for the house
nice it is not good it is last one
that's calm one more thing
like this who Lala this is right here at
the backyard my my mommy she grows her
parents here every year
but Judith not this year actually and
this is the water cup self
hey brother slow down I don't want you
getting hurt
no brother don't sue me little bit more
oh god you are very strong hurry up
I'm come the next floor idea
what is that sir
all right guys so it's time to wrap up
this flag hope you guys all enjoyed this
flag if you did make sure you guys give
this black a thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you all who always give a thumbs
up and show a lot of love I've been
reading all your comments and it's just
crazy and amazing Michelle how many
countries that I've seen is just like
just so many countries in Australia
Somalia Yemen Palestine Egypt Brazil
Germany London Sweden what else I see
what else did I see I seen I seen a lot
I can't even think right now but I've
seen a lot of countries that you guys
are from and that you guys live in that
without watch our a sa daily black so it
truly means a lot and it's just crazy
we're in New York so how about you all
just come to New York and we'll just
chill once y'all love you got to go to
your country and we'll get to meet you
guys and have fun we're gonna be trying
to film tomorrow and Shella doesn't get
that cold because if it is and we can't
film and if we can't film then Adam my
son you have solid show episode 2 will
be out so stay out on the lookout for
that I want to give a huge shout-out to
my boy my homie Moby his birthday is
today happy happy birthday wish you the
best and inshallah many more years to
come may Allah bless your soul and yeah
I hope you live a long happy life
inshallah and yeah keep smiling broski
so I will see you guys tomorrow
take care have an awesome day I hope
these vlogs always brighten up your days
and we'll see you then take care peace
