hey guys what's up here do me gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day hey do me
gang first of all I just want to say
thank you guys so so much for giving the
prayers to my dad my dad appreciates it
so so much I see some of you guys saying
Adam don't worry you can take a break
take a break you can relax stay with
your family hang out with your family
but the thing is for me vlogging makes
me happy it gives me happiness because I
get to vlog with my family I get to I'm
always around my mom my dad when I vlog
my whole nieces and nephew so vlogging
for me is it's normal it's not like
something that I'm forced to do so I
just want you guys to know that before I
start the vlog so thank you guys so much
for bringing happiness to me thank you
to my family for always being around me
always having my back always being with
me and having fun with me in the vlogs
seriously I feel like we have our own TV
show that I show you guys every single
day but on YouTube and you guys always
show so much love so thank you guys so
so much to do me yang Mauston is coming
from school in a few so let's stay
positive be happy and have fun today
I'll see you guys in the next shot with
mustn't
we're clear hey guys scooter okay come
you can get whatever you want you can
get a new scooter if you want are you
gonna jump
be careful bad boy be careful
go go go go you got this whoa
get your scooter that one thank you but
I always buy Mawson whatever toy he
wants but I've never told him buy
anything you want so he's gonna take
advantage right now we're going to the
toy store one of his favorite toy stores
now I don't think I've ever vlog dinh
there so uh should be fun I'm so excited
to see what this dude gets by the way
this is not even his scooter this is
Reema scooter he just thinks he's a big
boy to ride the scooter and he lies and
says that this is his scooter who
scooter is this no it's not it's rimas
who scooter no it's not it's Reema's do
it
okay let's go he's already choosing all
the toys he wants oh my god mom's gonna
be like wait I wasn't
but not take advantage okay you can buy
anything you want but don't take
advantage anything you want who's that
huh
do you like the clown you want to get it
what do you want to get this one you
want this want this one yeah okay hold
it what I'll see what is this spooky one
oh my god I can walk through I'm not
scared spooky stuff man I'm not scared
of these people oh my god never mind let
me get back this - yeah that's a card
thing - yeah you want that okay imma
hold this I'm gonna hold it oh my god
what else do you want don't worry no
scary stuff not scared you're not scared
ya know what that one - what is that
I know it do me again what did I say I
called it before like this dude he's
looking at every single toy and he's
gonna get everything he's like I'm not
scared no more the scary stuff was down
there oh my God look he loves trains and
trucks you want this one - yeah how many
so I have to get all these back you know
what then along so what do you want
Mison keeps changing his mind man what
do you want make up your mind do you
want this one yeah what about this one
so why'd you pick it up
okay want that one what about this one
what the heck was it what about this no
what do you mean no
yep huh you don't want this no come on
good hi guys now support side is coming
Isaac not I want this I just want that
what about this you can sing you want
that huh
you want the fish
fire truck hey that's it what you sure
you want more or no yeah you sure no
okay let's go so heavy
he's found one hundred and sixty six
dollars on three toys three or four toys
heaven is wild you want to go home now
why cuz every toys yeah you want to go
play within thank you what Thank You
Bella I'm nya ba ba I'm not his daddy
did he think I was is that he's my
daughter
what look whenever my son is happy he
acts so weird and he like look at look
at him look at give me a kiss attack
stop was it you kissing my big
enchanting stuff yeah
what are you doing wasn't toys just toys
dude is crazy man I'm supposed to be the
one giving him a kiss attack and he
always gives me a kiss attack turn
around no I'm not no no
rejected his kiss okay sorry sorry okay
Mazda wake up wake up my muscle is
becoming more confident man I'm about to
bring him to tours and shows real real
soon so be ready do me gang mauston is
getting older he's becoming to the same
loves you
don't open the fire trucks see the fire
truck turn it on
oh my god another fire strike any fire
trucks me I wasn't building I don't know
ask Mawson because I know you buy
everything from me everything I know the
way I do this is what I love very much
she's so so sweet and I got you
something actually some nice fish toy it
was not Lawson's who's actually yours
daddy it's like fishing you can go
fishing and stuff can you help me to
take over
writing you have a dollar in your shoe
TV we got a dollar in issue is that ten
dollars in this shoe
let's see oh man no money in his humans
everyone in the vlogs do me getting to
all set all praying for you this ain't a
shot I feel better thank you thank you
thank you very much for everybody
got you man got you my G thank you hi
guys I just met with my cousin Sam right
here what up hey and I don't know about
to play basketball in a few and we're
the first ones ever ever to get a $200
basketball pretty much that's what
connects its bluetooth it connects to
your phone and it tells you like how
much shots you've missed your percentage
your timing every tells you everything
like it's so good to practice with I
know so it's like a brain inside this
basketball this is it hello technology
advanced this boy this we advanced this
far let me show you where words to say
that Wow percentage it tells you want me
shot percent total time like all this in
a basketball bro this brain thing has a
mind of its own leeta $199.99 what
stacks
don't forget America fucks overly taxes
you know what I'm saying oh my god
yo slim is bouncing at $200 ball man 200
bucks generally good spent 20 bucks on
balls I know guys whenever I meet you
guys I feel so bad like someone is over
there he's adding weight really so I'm
waiting for them to come through I run
away and hide you know see it feels so
good to make them smile so I love
meeting you guys and see you guys
especially when I'm with my cousin slim
but one like well like I'm with like my
family and like the little ones my dad
my sister's it gets really hard to do
anything cuz I have to like take care of
stuff so I really hope you guys
understand other than that me slim we
love loving you guys outside we love
talking with you guys and if you guys
are be really cool
hey do me again get is the end of this
vlog I hope you all enjoyed this life if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go turkey quoits I'll see you
guys December 2nd and 3rd so make sure
you guys get your tickets you can
preorder chapter to October 22nd which
is just in a few days today was jasmine
villegas 13 days left
let's see who's a tomorrow and yesterday
was Mawson I do me again you guys can be
doing the same thing and I'll be showing
you guys in the vlog do bye I'll see you
guys November 4th over here with all the
information so make sure you guys come
through I love you guys so much I'll see
you guys tomorrow
make sure you guys subscribe to stay
updated thank you oh you here's fire
trucks
I love you guys so much take care o pace
I'll a damn gym as this track was so
crazy the fire truck is coming where you
been where you been I've been waiting
here the whole time for you I've been
waiting here a long time for a long time
you've been missing better say medicine
