hey guys what's up this is called the
atom Salah show and I'm here we have two
special guests
they are my nephew his name is Hamza and
my niece her name is Hyland
hey Lowell Amity well the people that
don't know their names that is any look
fix this sir what are you doing uh
supposed to fix it like the way I always
tell you what I'm gonna ask you guys the
most awkward questions ever okay you
guys ready for the questions you have to
you have to answer these questions 100%
honesty 100% commands called you know
coming up this is the atom solution this
is not the Hamza show this dad this
camera is cheap do you just call my
camera cheap okay it's a black camera
that's all using you call my camera
cheap get on my show tonight my show go
back ever cheat Oh what the heck come on
come on okay so we just fixed the camera
since my camera is cheap
your face is cheap okay so the first
question for you guys is I'm all up let
me go get the micro quicker oh my god
I ready do you like this mic no tell me
who was your favorite uncle be honest
yes me be honest you tell the truth I
did not the printer not the producer
thank you I said not to producer okay
who's your favorite good
uh I do but not you another edges okay
I'll take that as a thank you so much
that's you I said okay next question
Hamza this is for you
okay be honest all right have you ever
put on deodorant just so you can you
thought it was you you were gonna grow
hair and your armpits yeah you did ever
die but then I shaved them
you shaved your harvest what they know
too much so you shave your armpits okay
I don't know what so hello
so are you
me don't cut up those are you perfect
huh
you shaved your armpit and you put the
odor on your Arvind because you thought
that you would grow more hair
ah no I just wanted to smell it
you just wanted it to smell good yeah
pretty good people pretty pretty good ex
question up please do not touch the hair
this question is for hilum are you ready
what do you think about Miley Cyrus and
your probably and um what they don't you
like a Miley Cyrus actually before I
used to see you watching your shows I
liked it before but now I hate it
this question is for Hamza you told me
last week that you have a crush on Miley
Cyrus is that no no I never said that
yes you got it be honest I'm here videos
he's like Tai Chi in July it
he ended up using miss up the camera yo
the next question is for Hamza Hamza can
you please stop putting on daughter I
can't help it
stop putting on my doors put my daughter
down please unless you do do it on your
show I don't know exactly and I dunno do
you have a problem
hey done yeah you have a problem okay if
I was a member of in one direction
what Zayn Malik who who would be your
favorite number one direction Germanic
get off the show no but out would beat
you up Chuck yes
and your your aperture if I was a number
one direction with Zayn Malik hairstyle
Zulu time we turn off our damn pain who
would be your favorite remember one
direction I know don't suck up to me now
hey the lowest won't be the first I will
be your favorite member we're having
some technical difficulties as you can
see and since I've asked them some
couple questions
they are gonna ask me some questions now
please sit down sit down
what question did you ask me oh um it
would be then put his favorite niece
would you say it nice so then here first
but it doesn't be a cracking where's my
favorite niece yeah yeah
can I can I get the mic no see my
favorite niece is Reema thank you very
much I can't see a real question all
right to the girl teenagers and it was
free but you're not gonna get mad at
question don't ask me a question I oh
I'm so thankful to have you guys on my
show thank you so much for having you
and Irish all I've never been up TV but
yeah that's it this is Debbie show
mouthing all right the shows not over
we're gonna end it off with a song that
I will sing to that I'm seeing you guys
a song okay
no no they're going to exile the wrong
time they can be happy story of my life
and if a particular home
- tomato all right class take your shoes
take the shoes and Arriola I don't like
gentlemen introducing lovey you okay
she was crying just got beat up Reema is
crying right now she's not feeling good
so we're doing the show right now yeah I
know they're like a mess because they
made me look like a mess I mean maybe I
was originally the make a mess but we're
gonna do the egg channel right now it's
gonna go down Levi - eggs are now hard
eggs I want to crush it
no look give me a give me a go if I die
huh yeah don't be this bizarre look
Widodo no mommy's here mommy's video
okay Oh Robin I'm fishing John much
nothing they got me back again look a
mess we'll see you guys tomorrow
shakes rant it's gonna happen right now
so enjoy his rant
I chose four shows in November it's
gonna be in the link below make sure you
guys go Turkey and thumbs up if you guys
enjoyed this atom solid show and if you
guys enjoy shakes Ranson and our lazy
Sundays that I have with them with with
my family so yeah go Turkey go talking
me go talking cuz I'm pissed off right
now
take care so today's rant is gonna be
about desi people and boomers those are
two things that when they get together
it goes insane I'm a living example like
say after school I was walking home and
a classmate my name is Aisha she comes
up to me and she gives me a paper she's
like oh you left this in class and I
take it from her and this is on peace
she sees me from a corner she will
spread the message of what she saw but
not what actually happened she saw her
give me something she's gonna spread
that message to her friends but with the
extra spice she's gonna tell her friend
shouldn't go oh did you see how Mina's
son the other day yeah I saw him yeah he
was with the girl and they were sharing
stuff that little message of us sharing
stuff is then go on she doesn't go to
her that lady is gonna go to her friend
and she's gonna spread her again she
gonna go oh do you know what
Kusum told me she said she saw a
meanness son after school with another
girl and they were kissing see the story
kiss mixing up it just goes on and then
every person did his keep they just keep
spreading it and spreading and spreading
it until it goes to my mom and my mom is
gonna have some insane story that was
made up but all these aunties every
single one of them that made up all
these that had so much spice to their
stories he's gonna come to my mom and
then my mom would tell me oh you know
what I heard and I'm what and she goes
oh I heard you were with another girl
you were taking her to the movies of the
day and like I was even walking with the
girl all that lady saw me do was take
something from her hand these rumors not
even normal room with these er
desi rumors like they just spread on and
they come into a different message it's
like this game on once play it's called
a telephone the first person starts off
with a long line and he passes one by
one and the last person the line he has
to say what what he heard from another
person so the line that makes it messes
up because it's a long line so yeah you
guys won't get that I played when I was
third grade just in saying those are
stuff that bothers me a lot and yeah for
if if your desi aren't their uncle
that's watching this please please
please before spreading any rumors
please find out the real true
you're gonna spread you're going to
spread a false rumor about me where that
girl was reason that I passed because
she she actually gave my notes tiny
different study like like you guys have
to understand that not everything you
see is the truth you have to actually
find out to find out the truth before
actually spreading on to your friends or
my mom or my uncle and going call me
bondage and telling them oh yeah yeah me
no son yeah he's very bad you don't get
it married hate like why why do this why
make me look better make your son look
good
what are you gonna get out of your son
is already better than me are most of
time but yeah that's what pissing me off
that's something that I had to ran away
that's something that had to clear out
with some people or somebody that pissed
me off I hope you guys enjoy it and
that's right alright guys it's the end
of the vlog be sure to give this video a
thumbs up and go very ani are you not
going to say Oh block boy this show
anyway so today we me and Adam couldn't
meet us so we had to vlog in our own
houses I was my brother sister swap vlog
some of that Adam was with his family I
heard he was with his nieces and nephews
and uncles and aunts and cousins and
uncles and camels and all is his old
generation do it together but tomorrow
we should be meeting up and rehearsing
for our show on the 13th in BMCC which
is in New York that show is free also I
have a special news if you guys didn't
know my sister is actually half British
like she was in Britt she wasn't bred
for a while because my house my sister
had written I'm not anyways yeah she's
she's British
she she she can speak British like look
Toby kaya I like Justin Bieber and he's
like the hottest guy in the planet
oh yeah so I actually she actually
taught me some British to like really
edit uh you gotta follow me on Twitter
um yeah I'm joking cheese is full
American I'm full American and that's a
wrap piece
oh my god that was so cute
