what are you doing Remo huh why are you
kissing this huh who is that you're miss
Vanga who's this Rima who is this huh
you're mad because I took it huh
don't hit him Rima queen hands out don't
move please I'm not gonna give you no
candy don't move when L candy don't move
look everyone she say uh
look room is gonna be rude but watch her
now why'd you get so hyped because she
got some gifts from pure box here look
look watch this now look I changed yeah
you change all of a sudden huh so you
got two gifts and I want you to open it
first one what is it
open airy movin
look what Remo got what is that huh wow
it's amazing even got bracelets and
necklaces do you like it
see this is amazing
soon
this is low
Oh
rather the night
you know super
all right so remember the vine prank I
was telling you guys yet about yesterday
is going well I just put it up about
four minutes ago
and look as a basically right now we're
cranking vine you go in the shadows
everybody was commenting right now if
you guys want to go you can go comment
on it refine it so everybody can see it
like I was saying oh my god your voice
ooh yeah I'm a singer yeah I'm a singer
yes I'm a singer your last - magnet
thank you so much for my voice good yes
yeah thank you guys for going with the
prank gosh who we have here with Harv
Corrine what's wooly say hi hi guys
what's up really cold outside newsy
tongue is a blue all nothing is blue to
shake the room right now all we're doing
is we're rehearsing for the shows that
we have coming up soon for the skits and
stand up and we're gonna add more of our
style in it so yeah so we can perfect
that and be perfect at it so when we do
go on a future shows we could be perfect
at and we can master it so you guys
ready yep you guys are gonna look ready
but you
so right now we're in john jay college
10 o'clock and i'm like shirts and it's
really you know what is supposed to be
the hat so now i can have this you know
what is supposed to be violence is not
the answer
you're not alone child abuse why they
right device so sloppy like frequence is
it you sure this is college and not like
elementary watching mine would which one
is go is this yours
I wish I had the courage to rape you but
what the hell I'm what I am a survivor
of rape no that's not like this has not
been oh wow this is this is actually
cool that they're doing it here but it
looks like is it school what John Jay is
trying to show is that we don't support
rape and we we defend people who's been
through all this and shake got a present
for his birthday and this person he
doesn't want us to say his name but he
found out that was sheiks birthday and
that shakes house got burned down one
went dig about six months ago like six
months ago and he gave him a huge huge
gift so huge shout out to him that's
really sweet of him open it put it he
gave him about ten shirts how many
shirts in the time about ten shirts are
in there so that is amazing seriously
team a say you guys never fail you guys
never failed to just like make us happy
and smile and just like this you guys
should have seen shakes face when you
opened when you opened up when you open
this up it was so exciting was jumping
up his go this guy's gonna be like 10
shirts like touches thanks so much have
a great day I'll joking it and he also
set him he also sent him a boots by
Ralph Lauren Polo Ralph Lauren and these
are one of the most expensive boots and
absolutely bad for him even getting it
and yeah shake is gonna rock them I'm
not gonna lie they look sexy though so
um yeah so uh thank you for the person
we can't name but thank you so much
father gifts you gave us it's from me
and Adams
hey guys thank you so much I saw on the
hobby store right now when the Yemenis
all right now and they got blue chips
that she's very healthy whenever they
are blue chips that's my favorite color
too so I'm just gonna get it and Abby's
gonna taste good because it's the color
blue so go Habibi y'all go steady blue
chips why is it purple chips all right
the hell see ya I'm gonna return this
there's nothing says blue get up
and this thing is purple this is on
thank you so much Taisha from the UK she
has another one you can open your
amazing for treating Rima like your
sister go let's go love these
pull it okay oh my god I got a Barbie
rebelled loves Barbie she actually never
had a Barbie she always sees it in the
toy store and she goes crazy for this
Reba's words Wow nice rimas never gonna
stop playing with this say thank you
Aisha hey from lemon you okay okay okay
say kay-kay
okay don't choke her give her a kiss do
you love her Rima she loves it thank you
so much for making Rima smile and that's
the end the vlog be sure to give this
video a thumbs up and go be yada go up
really so today we were rehearsing for
the show we have on BMCC on November
13th the full details are out I couldn't
post a picture today about be posting
the picture tomorrow on my Facebook and
Twitter November 18th we have a show in
New Jersey the teeth the detail is still
pending not to fold each other here but
when we get it we'll let you guys know
we'll have to add another
vent to this month if you guys live
around the monshell Montreal area in
Canada we have another show on November
22nd this is for the Mon chill people if
you guys live around there be sure to
come Montreal November 22nd we have a
show for you in November 23rd we have a
show for Ottawa the full information is
in the description box below both events
both Facebook events on the description
box below are Meena Muslim video has
reached over 1 million views today thank
you so much for that our Ferrari prank
reached over 2 million views our praying
the public reached over 2 million views
thank you so much for helping spread
these videos and helping other reaching
out the smiles other people's faces the
only reason this all happened is because
of you guys because of you because of
everyone thank us all for the support it
means a lot from me and Adam from the
bottom of our hearts from true story SC
we just wanna think as for all that love
he just woke up right now I just brought
him from his sleep so he's not the
brother if you guys don't know what's
your name mom what okay come here
yeah and yeah oh yeah you guys also were
asking me like oh how come your last
name is different from your other
brothers last thing the reason was
because you know my dad was my
grandfather was a lot that time and you
know he he was something special to me
so he's like oh I'll name him I'll name
your first son after me so I was named
after him but after he passed away he
you know he didn't change his names like
my dad's name is Kabir his last name is
Kabir so you after me he put everyone
else's Kabir and there was another
question that you guys are asking how
come your skin is a bit darker than the
rest of your present sisters the reason
is because after after birth I was I was
a bit sick right I was sick for a whole
week so they put me in some little box I
was like this little and they put me in
a box when they have lights like bulb
lights all over my body for seven days
straight so I was really very very very
like
I was like lighted in him I was very
light but after they did that that came
out of that and I'm left I got better my
skin just became a bit darker but that's
the reason I mean we're still brothers
and all but you know that that's the
reason why I'm so bit darker than them
so yeah it has a - of you guys question
that you guys are asking and yeah that's
a wrap
peace peace
