Rema stop jumping
auntie sita you're gonna sit on Dina box
and I can keep jumping like that way
Remo's I'm jumping you're getting Dina
jealous because she can't jump don't
touch it even does you're not too hard
don't do that
you made her sad look who's calling me
shake is in idiots call him it's 5:40 15
and I'm supposed to meet I'm supposed to
meet my 4:30 p.m. and I'm really late
oh my god remember pick up pick up pick
up she hey hello hi Ramon human say
hello oh yeah say hello say I'm here say
hello hi Adam hi Hannon can use the
photo they no no say no no see I'm Reema
say no say bye say okay okay see psych
dick what you'd be quiet I like as I'm
me right yo shake yo I'm coming right
now
how long it take you like like 20
minutes I told you like when I was here
when I first came here like you're
we must that be mr. I'm come right now
literally right now later it good job
Rima gave eye rima just print cold cheek
good job leader here's what you're not
gonna give you five good job yes you
give me a Dena's first word was actually
Adam
she said it this morning but didn't
catch Rivas first water was actually
Adam when she was almost won okay okay
Deena Deena say Adam that's it that's it
see Adam say Adam oh my god toys he odd
sit say Adam Adam Madden see Adam Deena
see Adam oh she's so close sit she put
your head
she had butter she just had buddy I know
she hurt you you know don't be a crybaby
are you serious are you serious it is at
least gonna bite you stop yeah yeah no
sir no sir
yeah evil little babies right there yeah
look at this ah being that you're here
hey guys sigh oh right now we are in the
city meat shake as always we're just
we live eat drink here and it's
SuperDuper cold it was just like sixty
degrees of the day now it's like 20
degrees with a Corolla good
it's like winter I thought supposed to
be spring right now it's Rick's on March
21st
like it
we black she may say so don't hate you
guys think Adam is 20 years old but
inside actually in his head he's like
what ten years old I'll be there right
now
oh you think we can you be boy you will
be missed even more sorry mr. Luisi
little steve you start touch him sorry
media service web build-a-bear workshop
and at the other spa right there is
building you have to do some stuff and
after I'd like nine months later a movie
we just did a vine so if you guys want
to check out the vine we did go to
advisory below mines and shakes follow
us oh yeah so I apologize for the lack
of inactivity ladies and men can see
behind me someone's about to get
arrested
witnesses say he was trying to steal
someone and when he tried this game and
harder here let's see Harlan
the first is trying to argue back right
now breaking move the prisoner argue
back with the cops the cops are fighting
for their rights and they try to rest in
ways trying to move away and prevent it
from happening
let's find out I'm being taken into the
ambulance right now so as we're talking
right now he's being taken away is he
trying to run away or not he'll find us
so what's going on right behind
residency is live in all caught on
camera he's being taken no one knows
what's going on with I think he's trying
to fight back the bully but he's turned
currently walking and let's go interview
so I can actually do that police has
Authority has pushed me away but as you
can see he is heading towards his his
his car he's about to go home and is
about to go chilling
and on his form without what it
back in my country we don't have this
elevator I this elevator right no it is
computerized
I think it's probably I'm not sure sorry
brother thank you but you might country
we don't ever do this you know we don't
have spot
fuck down you're not gonna fall but I'm
gonna fall you know what I'm gonna get
to transfer Simon escalator stop and
relax is that we're not gonna fall you
mean only we can move back up or to be
bicycle movie is the first time you know
you're gonna get over it or gonna get
over it very dangerous man you gonna get
over there taking this new one so right
now they're in 42nd funnyman right where
i know in for the second or there's
beautiful look at the music is heavy
music you know look at the Avenue your
doll or anything I do yeah yo give me
one I will give me dollar
this is the 7:00 to 9:30 I talked to
Sarah this first time in America stop
doing that
all right I'll go get him Paris is a
Bollywood star is the first time in
America why you record
one thing I tell up to
how is your experience in New York so
what is very good not bad but I think if
I come easier or finish some water we
can move back much I don't go on top of
the trainer we go inside
you don't want top the weights are open
I knew you were going to go inside the
door there's no going Sarge no space
balls or going up let's go no you know
what you don't go on top don't go on top
no you go inside the train come like
this
look Percy you know that sit on the
floor he said you sit on the chitchat
you don't know see you that's why are
you there is no CTO video what do you
mean
alright guys so stop to wrap up this
vlogedy blog vlog hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog make sure you guys give this
vodka thumbs up and go Turkey
if you didn't enjoy it and we'll be
having a new video on Sunday 5:00 p.m.
Eastern Time Sunday 5:00 p.m. Eastern
Time I repeat true story a si is having
a video 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time and I'll
be having a new Instagram video on
Saturday I don't know what time yet but
around the afternoon so if you guys
tweet me enough I'll probably tweet
probably put it up at that time if not
I'll probably put it up a little later
so yeah Instagram video tomorrow
Saturday and the new video on a main
channel Sunday 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time I
will see you guys on Sunday I'll see you
guys tomorrow and yeah take care I love
you guys so much
be safe and peace
member
