okay so since means shade we're gonna be
home today relaxing we got nothing to do
I'm gonna be doing rimas makeup this is
the makeup tag video it's uncle Adam
does baby nieces rimas makeup all right
I don't know I got all the stuff here it
says the toy is secret all the materials
in here and I'll see what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna make my baby so cute right now
you're gonna be cute I'm not gonna make
you pretty anymore I can't get it hey I
got a doofy this is dominga okay okay
meet me start let me start off yeah oh
god you pooped this oh my god look look
hi
so we start off right now you started
find out see touching oh okay
touches uh she's a bossy touch it with
paint brush first okay paint brush over
here paint brushes wow you're looking
really nice
yay Wow okay then after that after
paintbrushes I'm gonna go with pink
cheeks this is it looking pink cheese
why is I'm gonna come out stop I'm gonna
give you pink cheeks oh my gosh Wow stop
don't move please don't move
give me give me cheeks I gotta give her
some pink cheeks first she's gonna have
a cute blush look I'm gonna give you a
nice cute blush look look thank you
thank you look here you're lookin too
bright now we give you a little more
purplish okay right now she has a little
cute blush look I'm gonna give her still
on she's gonna have some still Oh what
the heck okay where's yours I'm still uh
look here don't move
Wow you're doing a good job don't move
I'll do this on my finger we clear eyes
closed guys
we must gonna be extra beautiful I'm not
gonna look up look up look up look look
up
no nonsense dr wahwah weakest wolf i
kiss fall okay looking look hi don't hop
ticklin eat the cheese e okay wow you
look beautiful so far now we have to go
with more stuff okay no no no no yeah I
gotta put eyeliner okay this is so scary
this is so scary I'm so like put it in
her eyes something like whenever I see
girls do this is so scary because you
guys put it so close to your eyelid so I
gotta be careful
closed eyes closed it don't move
we've given our extreme atom makeover so
she doesn't find anything if you guys
find anything different because it's
unique is really unique and I'm trying
to try to try something new
look here wow this is beautiful you
shoot like a movie you like it you know
we had to give you some cute colors on
your eye right okay look it beautiful oh
la la you with nice don't touch don't
touch don't touch because if we touch
you gonna mess it up you look beautiful
lipstick I'm gonna mix pink with with
the red it's oka look a nice touch of it
lip gloss and lipstick because meters
mmm this is for eyelashes give me
eyelashes
you want to move you know oh my gosh she
just give you something unibrow look
look I shadows beautiful guys cool guys
huh my god
close your eyes my goodness girl are you
good job close club like that oh my god
she is looking gorgeous I think I'm
doing a pretty good job so far
update on Rima say hi hey cheese e
cheese big cheese key
Lucky's already looking beauty you're
beautiful stop digging it so good JA
word now look here
pink I gotta give you more blushes
you're messing it up you're the reason
why it's messing up you're the reason
why I'm making it bad cuz you keep
moving if you keep over zindabad close
your eyes hey gotta be black and blue
ribbon please up close guys close it
well you know this is beautiful
okay so far we got a blue smoky black
and blue I guess so geez Kiki Sparkle
your sparkling Oh sparkle good job after
that let me give you some finishing
touches look here look here finishing
touches your beauty look let me add my
white and black an eyelid look here look
cuz you got to add more into it okay
lookie lookie
Jorma look here could you stop moving
Maryellen sorry Adam I gotta give smoky
eyes Wow a more beautiful kid mm-hmm
duck lips duck lips don't do that duck
lips here I'm done and this is the final
look of Rima I think she's beautiful
Hey look gorgeous you me say cheese Wow
Remo you look beautiful you look
absolutely stunning
can you look here Rima let me say this
beautifies look here beautiful eyes you
got smoky blue black eyes Serena's done
high five
big fire - her differ hi guys so I hope
you guys enjoyed this makeup challenge
for Rima I did an amazing job leave a
comments below tell me how I did from
one through ten to be honest I think I
did like 9.5 I would have did better
like I would have got like a 10 maybe if
she she would she would have never moved
on anything but yeah tomorrow but you
guys are watching this today it is
sheiks birthday me and Hammer finally 20
years old now so happy birthday to shake
I love you so much
and if you're watching this from the
bottom of my heart you're my bestest
friend and I always be there for you and
I know you're always there for me and I
shall ah still be there on your 80th
birthday so happy birthday to brother
from another mother
if you guys want to go show love to
share make sure you guys go post on his
wall happy birthday comment below happy
birthday shake or you can go on Twitter
and say happy birthday the new video
will be out today at 6 p.m. if you guys
are watching this before 6 p.m.
count down with us if you're watching
after 6 p.m. make sure you go check it
out and go turkey on I hope you guys
will enjoy the new video and thank you
guys so much peace alright guys think
there's so much for watching this end
the vlog be sure to give this video a
thumbs up go biryani we have a new video
coming out today that should be dropping
out today today hey it should be job
today um since you guys what you guys
are watching on time you should be out
today if you guys are
after 6:00 p.m. the video is up already
be sure to give that video a thumbs up
see these right now while I'm doing this
vlog all while doing the author of this
vlog there's a lot of messages I'm
getting there's a lot of D ends there's
a lot of tweets there's a lot of 50
messages wall post saying happy birthday
guys so much so much were you asking me
to majors and stuff what I mean let me
go first alright umm wait lucky this
says happy birthday from Rossi
Touche I love you happy happy birthday
so no it says happy happy birthday
birthday happy happy good thank you so
much why you hugging solo hug me talk to
Mia normal that was the finishing of his
gift Thank You Rossi and oh wait I got
you something too Oh a card that said
happy birthday this looks like it took a
lot of work she actually made this while
I was on on in Vegas and you know she
was telling me she's like oh when you
gonna come over you get for you can we
take a break that isn't that and this is
a surprise right here is this card to
shake our bar from the best system the
whole wide world
ily SM heart and and after that she's
like honestly she's like honestly I
couldn't ask for a better brother so
thank you so much and she gave me a card
this was when when we were younger
this is me and her my Chinese guy
jealous while I was in Cali there was a
fan that keeps her meeting Gris and she
actually gave me a birthday get ahead of
time it's actually a card and it has it
has a lot of writing on it it's called a
letter yeah along with the car she gave
me another gift hmm she gave me this
shirt
she gave me this shirt I'm gonna wear
this the next time I go out Thank You
Muslim afraid this gift and thank you
guys offer the support then going out
for the love and that's a wrap
thank you and that's a wrap peace peace
peace peace guys
nothing like Oh pika-pika
best better happy birthday
