hey guys stop right now I just met up
with Sheikh in the city and this is what
I hate and he goes to like a majalis
spot he has a whole life conversation
and politics
this girl this girl is gone is going to
throw their clothes
Google my spider donor
you got a nice scooter can I get a ride
huh please on there
yeah a PC in New York that looks like
grimas scooter for the people saying
that I'm lazy because I slept like 13
hours 12 hours
I'm actually not lazy I just get really
tired and I start to pass states for two
or three hours four hours and I finally
got to sleep for 13 hours and people
saying I'm lazy that's up 13 I stand I
sleep before I had this syndrome
it's gonna sp12 sleeping before 12 but
now I speak to like oh you can look it
up SP 12 it was made by dr. Sheikh Akbar
once again we are guys
everybody dies
this is how amazing the food is here
even people who are halal guys he's
scared he sees no say hi guys so this is
building in Queens and supposedly it's
like this Illuminati building where
people have meetings for the Illuminati
and like I don't know if you guys
believe in that or think of it's real
Illuminati I don't know let me know your
thoughts about Illuminati in the
comments below I want to see your
opinions and yeah this is the building
that people have meetings with okay I
don't even know what the mic is in there
oh my gosh oh shoot you're scared for
another fish
oh that's right what another function y
over so today when I want to rant about
is desi gatherings what I want to talk
about is like the most annoying moments
in DC alleys like stuff that that that
that bothers me and stuff that that that
I need to talk about when you enter a
desi house for the gathering the first
thing that will happen is that bothers
me is the wives the people that invited
them and the guests they will have a
mini conversation once they open the
door before they even go in will open
the door and go oh my god you got so
skinny oh my god you too oh my god you
look so beautiful today I wanna like
they'll have that little mini cameras
even before I was sitting down that hot
that little conversation after like a
good 10-15 minutes they'll walk in the
men will go to their room the woman will
go to their room in the men's room
you're gonna see the men will be talking
about politics they'll be talking about
land back homes I'll be talking about
the family to live back home they'll
have their own personal conversations
I'm not saying all this demand like that
but most of the uncles or the men that
in the day see I think they'd be talking
about politics and and land that to live
back home and so many stuff they're like
but the government is responsible for
everything you know my country will be
perfect if the government is not running
it you know listen let me tell you why
if the government helping the people
they wouldn't be poor they would be
stuck in the streets you know they lying
when they become power or the when they
get power they they lie that is why I'm
going crazy recommend mentalities going
crazy because all three of the
government and then you have this other
side who is gonna back the government up
so they'll go back and forth arguing
blah blah the government it is
and that that's basically how their
their night is gonna be basically
arguing most of the time they're gonna
come to an a little agreement at some
point but then they can continue arguing
that's the management then when you go
to the women's room you know they see a
woman what comes to your mind straight
up gossiping they'll be like oh my god
so much talk about the day she will be
the patient's son and I think they were
kissing and 100% sure they're kissing
they'll have a little gossip and they go
oh my god it's so pretty
and that's basically what's gonna happen
that woman and then when you go to the
kids room the kid are most likely gonna
be really really really really really
bored like they'll have nothing to do
they they will get bored to the point
where they'll have to make new friends
will they have to talk to new people
like it's not an option that's how
boarding again
then comes food the food honestly is the
the peak of all these gathers like the
food is like the main main reason people
like to come together I'm gonna give you
a quick story like those one time that
there was this yelling right across to
you from my house my dad and mom they
went early they went the earlier they
were just chilling there when it was
time for food my dad called me and told
me hurry up they're serving food so
after that I run across the street I eat
my food and as soon as soon as I'm done
I come back out and go back home
that was what I do that was you know
that was busy to my childhood a lot of
these people do that they only come to
party they only come to weddings the
only come to dizzy gathering just for
the food right now they're serving the
food and when they're serving the food
they'll put a spoonful of food on your
plate so while you're eating a good five
six minutes later they'll come back and
like oh are you gonna be like how do you
food and you're gonna be like yeah I'd
be on food I don't need no more and then
even after you say that they'll serve
you another spoonful and if you say no
they'll still pour another spoonful of
food on your plate it's like they don't
understand what no me
time you say no look I'll give more
until you're your place full of food and
then they finally stop I mean it's a
good thing either way I mean they're
being generous you know they're giving
you food a lot of food actually even
after you say no but that's a huge huge
desi annoying moment at the government
and then right after I wasn't eating
they all go back to their room the all
chill relax your stomach the men will go
full like this like that showing and the
woman's in good their room could see it
the gossiping the kids go back I'm
pretty sure the kids have made new
friends right now punish that sure they
they cannot survive 3-4 hours without
making new friends so I'm pretty sure
right now they're talking to each other
the plane Tori's the drugs probably
together gossiping about their new
boyfriend or wherever and the guys
together talking about their stuff right
after all this is done they'll be going
out you might think it's easy that's it
the dasie gatherings over there about to
go home but no right before they leave
the two families they'll be talking
oh brother a hamdullah the food is very
good
thank you so much for feeding us you
know I'm never dating food like this
before
very good thank you very much Oh No
thank you for coming you know I ain't
got a lot of people only you can thank
you so much it feels really good to have
you here then have their own mini
passage for a good one hour just talking
about how thankful they are and then the
more kind of move subject a little the
probably talk about something else but
they'll be at the door for an hour
saying goodbye and when they finally say
goodbye this what I'm about to say
happened in so many Daisy families as
soon as they said goodbye and the doors
closed the people that came over they
will be talking so much crap about the
people who invited them about their food
about their house about the key or did
you see the food it's a very bad you
know the food is like I see I think
there is hair on my food I don't ever
want to come back it is very bad food I
think I'm going to the bathroom after
this crazy my is a heavy food coming
down oh my god you are so right there
son he was you see nobody was where
what is a reap shot in pants what kind
of style is better you don't good thing
my son is not like that they'll have
their little outside gossip right after
they've done their talk talk crap of it
everything that happened in the the desi
gathering and then they'll go home and
that you have it is a desi gathering
I've actually been to a lot of Pakistani
Johnson's I've been to a lot of Denali
where a lot of Bengali gatherings I've
been to a lot of Indian gatherings and
majority of them are like this and
that's the end of the vlog be sure gives
me a thumbs up in go brionyanddan likes
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog we
actually we're doing our best to every
day entertain you guys with stuff from
the streets to at home and right now is
like 1 o'clock everyone's supposed to be
sleeping where I want is sleeping except
me our first show maybe um next month
we're still talking about it's still
under under under under process but it
should be done soon our first shows
gonna be hopefully next month and um I
just want to say the the BBC Network
interview that me and Adam did I
honestly loved that interview that
interview was amazing I liked everything
I said there and the way I talked and I
felt like I was like you know it was an
amazing interview I'm just gonna say
that straight up Thank You Marion Khan
for the for interviewing us and thank
abuse Asian Network for having us on
your radio show and thank you guys for
all the support thank you for everyone
that called and thank you for everyone
that you know that that that listened to
it and the supported us and helped us
trend to story essay on BBC Nerine Khan
and it's just an amazing feeling so
thank you so much for that I mean you
guys also notice my hand me with uh
normally just just a habit yeah that's
the end I hope you guys enjoy it I said
that already
and yeah that's a wrap peace
