okay do me gang I really do not know how
to start the vlog because I'm not having
such a good day but I'm gonna keep it
undead --it it and let you guys know
about everything so as you guys know my
dad is sick he has diabetes high blood
pressure and he's been sick for like a
couple years now
he's a mom he's really old he's like 67
years old turning 68 years old he's my
dad like I love him so much he's my
father man I love him love him so much
because he always took care of me he
always spoiled me when I was younger and
I always got to take care of him and
spoil him when he's older so I don't
really vlog about stuff like you know my
dad going to the hospital I only did it
like once or twice and the only times I
do is when I'm with my dad like the
whole whole day but since I do daily
vlogs I'm here to tell you guys about
what happened with my dad I just
finished taking a shower then I go to
the living room and then my dad is like
he can't move at all he feels really
really sick and he told me to call the
ambulance and I've never ever really
called like the cops or anything like
that which is really really scary so I
called 911 and I told them that my dad
isn't feeling really well and they came
really really fast so he shoutout to an
ambulance here in New York City thank
you guys for coming through and saving
my dad he's inside the hospital right
now they're only allowing like one
person to stay I've been with him for a
few hours my brother's been with him my
sister and my whole family is gonna come
I was supposed to do a fun fun vlog for
you guys but since this happened I have
to like mention it all so I have nothing
at all for you guys so since we have a
good connection me and the do me gang
I'm here telling you guys all I want
from you guys is to just you know and
just a prayer for my dad will mean the
most even if it's one comment one tweet
one anything will just mean me the most
to me you know my dad like he's he's I
love my dad I love my parents I'm such a
family person you know my dad supports
me with everything I support him with
everything I want to give him the best
you know he gave me the best childhood I
want to give him the best I want to give
him everything in return you know like I
gave my dad a card before and I'm gonna
surprise him with a home real real soon
so I'm I just really hope everything
turns out great so if you guys can to do
me again just please pray for my dad and
I'll truly appreciate it there's gonna
be some days where it's I'm feeling like
this there's give me some days where I'm
really happy some days where I'm really
fond and some days where I'm just really
down so I really hope you guys
understand the dooming and you guys know
where I'm coming from
when you have a father and it's like you
know he's kind of old and getting really
really old I always got to stick by him
like I've been getting offers to move
out to LA and I never ever wanted to you
know to move I want to stay with my
father and my mom my whole family my
sister just texted me she said I'm
allowed back in so I'm gonna bring some
drinks and some food for my dad I want
to give a huge shout out top door right
here man where he hooked it up with the
food and water for my dad I'm giving to
my dad so thank you so much man it's
alright yeah when I'm sick you man
hi guys I'm heading back to the hospital
he chat outside do man he hooked it up
for my dad thank you so much I
appreciate you guys we're always so nice
to like me and my family man you guys
seriously make my day once again a new
me yang I apologize this vlog has to be
this crazy and like I don't want to like
you know bring you guys down and make
you guys feel sad or anything like that
but it's you know I upload daily I gotta
let you guys know what goes on and the
do me gang you guys can always help me
with your prayers because that means one
prayer will mean the most to me like a
lot
you
my senior he was watching me now I was
tangled or you was roasting me yeah how
did he roast meat yo you feel sad to me
alright guys my whole family's here my
dad is about to go inside right now it
stops that's my dad is feeling better
hamdulillah thumbs up had come at the
ambulance no I was with him it's also
scary man you don't understand I never
ever really vlog inside but I'm just
blogging here I not to give you guys
some footage and to show you guys and if
I have a vlog I would have never spoke
about this or set any about this but I
feel like I have to because your dad's
and prayers will always count you might
be good jemelle when is heroes coming
Dina you're gonna roast Remo kids man
kisses home innocent so funny
nobody called me and no man
you ok buddy buddy Throw I know man they
taking so long man he don't like to
stick so long kiss
puts me like an angry angry mood but
it's right you have to be patient
because patience is the key you okay
though are you gonna better have to go
with us actually gonna take them all
with this I'm taking a little breather
right now they're examining my dad
finally after hours and hours they take
so long one thing I hate is when doctors
take really really long they're like oh
my god it's only an emergency if
someone's like about to die like my dad
is has like so much pain so just cuz you
see him no blood and no cuts doesn't
mean you have to make him wait and stuff
like I hate that really but it's all
good hamdullah he's becoming much much
better
my dad is chilling my dad is good and
I'll see you guys in the next shot
one two three five six seven hey help me
do a slide you guys want to do a slide
yeah yes I'm gonna make mustn't a
ratchet slide you ready this is how you
do it back in the days
oh you go like this I love it but like
that
I love it okay our lives Lex and then
that's it enjoy it this is the slide
right here whoo guys ready go Iman go go
whoa come on Lawson
what's it what back this dude is going
in Muhsin what is he doing what are you
doing huh
what are you doing what the heck hey get
out me get out hurry up don't get you're
gonna don't drive it oh okay do me yank
I'm back home I have such such a long
day and it ended off not so well so this
is what happened the doctors kept taking
so long
examining my dad talking to my dad
asking him like the same questions over
and over they never came to a conclusion
so then my dad ended up getting mad and
just left and now he has an appointment
tomorrow to get examined at his other
doctor I don't know why these people
like this has been going on for kind of
a while now like the doctors don't
really care and that's like you're
freaking like your arm is off and you're
cutting and you're laying down to the
floor then they'll get get their
attention but you won't get their
attention if you're old and sick they
seem like they don't really care like my
dad says himself my dad wouldn't say
anything that that isn't true
that straight up that's one thing about
my dad he's just straight up so he even
said in the vlog he was like they keep
making me wait for three hours and I
seen it there I was waiting with him so
it kind of sucks but inshallah
everything goes well tomorrow I'll keep
you guys updated but thank you guys do
me I really hope you guys understand
like you guys don't even have to give
this video thumbs up this is the only
video that I'm saying you don't have to
give it a thumbs up because I wasn't
even supposed to give it like there was
no sorcery no vlog but I decided to give
you guys because I feel like we have a
connection so thank you guys thank you
guys so much and I love you guys
subscribe you can subscribe though
subscribe and I'm yeah I don't know what
else to say I'll see you guys tomorrow
back to normal vlogs I love you guys and
make sure you guys be good and always
you know take care of your whole family
I want everyone to always you know show
love to your family just know that you
know your parents take care of you when
you're younger and you always take care
of parents when they're older okay thank
you guys so much I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace what you
been where you been I've been waiting
here the whole time for you I've been
waiting here a long time for you
you've been missing medicine medicine
I've been patient like a winter on fire
I've been waiting the lone ladder for
you are still missing
