so I got my food shake doesn't want to
give me Olive Garden today
yo I dare you to go on the truck right
now let it go
come on one yeah go
yeah yo slippy Felton let it drive let
it drive yeah get up run run
chicken liver
I gotta stop right now we're at the city
we might go to some place called sky
Zone one is like jumping in the
trampoline and stuff and yeah I didn't
know I said that somewhere upstate
somewhere far but we're gonna go there
so shake is mad because buggin Beschloss
against Pakistan yo don't worry about it
Michelle but maybe next year you guys'll
be fine right let me mad thank you
alright so serious
are you guys serious yeah obviously
where the hell are we
I'm so scared Isis I don't know unless
the champion series guys we're lost out
of New York like we don't know we're
ready we're literally the address on the
Google Maps took us to like a house
address it was even supposed to shake
spawn man now we're I don't know what
we're gonna do we're supposed to do play
turn down for what Tracy
I'd even know what we're supposed to do
come this walk somewhere in the middle
of nowhere now we're out of New York
will literally out of Newark wouldn't
you're like past Queens past Long Island
past everything I don't know where the
hell we are
I'm scared yeah no there's nothing here
literally it's like seventy eight
o'clock at night nobody knows for what
come on who cares we're gonna go as
benches do it it's like I got scared in
my shadow earlier I thought was like
somebody bones just my shadow
ladies and gentlemen I'm gonna talk Adam
Saleh and swim is gonna be fighting for
the first yeah I mean needs to climb the
Mount Long Island ready steady okay
ready yeah well when I say go ready
30 Ready Steady Go oh my god ladies and
gentlemen the first M&E yemenese on the
mountain goes to Adam soul has no finer
precise we finally found our way back
after two three long hours and shake he
didn't wanna take me out today to Olive
Garden anywhere because it cleaned
myself you only say your than a big
ballad yeah and if these things at me
about it is that please I was reading
all your comments you guys saying that
shape one you've never heard of you guys
saying that you guys never heard of the
guys pocket last pocket so you guys play
the eight ball pool there's something
called last ball pocket which is
whichever last bowl you get that's where
you got to put the black bowl I know I
supposed to say before like sorts
agreement like way before but he agreed
to it while we're playing he agreed
right so yes okay that mean he agreed to
it and we played and then after a
complaint so that means we want if he
didn't agree then okay I would even he
could have whatever we could have went
his way but then he agreed for my way so
why why are you guys saying oh no he won
because you guys never heard of last
ball pocket you guys could go look up
last ball pocket online let me continue
much you can say just so you can say
your case after a mr. president but
whatever you wanna let me say so I think
that since he agreed it's fair and
square he agreed to it if he didn't
agree then okay I understand but our
ladies gentlemen as you all know my
opponent
Adam solid yes he has called himself a
winner I want to I'm just saying I won
that game a loser I just wanna get I
want to defend my case as I stay first
time before you can call you a rule is
being called only during the beginning
not
at the end night like this it will you
agree thank you sir you agreed right
yeah did you agree yes or no just to do
something
I mean didn't you agree sir listen
listen listen little selfie with you you
called it in the beginning so I have a
good point I fought my case and said no
this game is my game I said you clearly
in the middle of the game right when I'm
about to win half the block I have to
hit the bottle you did again you called
it sir why did you call her later
did he agree Tommy did he agree he
agreed right by champion he did agree
come on Ujamaa tell me tomorrow all of
us meet tomorrow
you don't agree so what I didn't agree
so what we did it's our Muslim cardis
say what one degree hey that's it
hey smooch check this out
- Larry mile away
Oh caught you dig it again what's wrong
to me wait no sir like that huh it's too
loud mean Rima just did an Instagram
video dancing with three my part for she
just woke up from a nap right now we did
it and she kind of hurt her but in the
video you guys will see why it was so
funny she wasn't working I don't know
what happened but you guys assume she
gonna sleep yet why still drinking this
Rima two years old you big now the big
now might YouTube she's really grumpy
when she wakes up the next step I say by
a grumpy give him a kiss big kiss cheese
please
say please hi guys so it's time to wrap
up this flag make sure you guys give
this bike a thumbs up and go Turkey
today we will have the new Instagram
video with me Rima dancing with Rima
part 4 we had to change out the song but
I was gonna do one song with her but
then she ended up hurting her but her
please
so we ended up doing a different song so
I can make you feel better so yeah if
you guys did enjoy it make sure you guys
go like it and comment on the video and
Instagram and I'll be following five to
10 random people's yeah see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace out
teammate show you
