I've got you guys with some relief but
the new Jackie Chan movie who met up
kind of leap and we're going what's
called Chinese zodiac Chinese zodiac
they say the movies Osama you're warming
the door it was like it was like it was
in English minute what I was dumb it was
tough it was originally in Chinese but
it's tough
crazy movie Jackie Chan is the homie
shadow to the legend man this was his
last big action films and I didn't do
like you know like writing a and just
like dramas but
it looks like you it looks like huh do
it
this story's actually quite interesting
right yeah but where's that huh
looking here with you don't tell me we
lost them
the help good dog good dog
my dog all right go back in cycle Vegas
I come back come on rich as Adam
oh look
you can help me back
he looks pretty right he looks nice
looks nice freakin princess it's hard to
be a princess what are they doing these
guys are such losers and there was in
their imagination man that's what's in
their fingers coffee
what do you have there's nothing alright
so since I'm birthday's coming out
another brother got a gift for me what
do you
thank you no you mean like a minute oh
hi guys so we didn't vlog as much today
because meanshe were too busy editing
the new video that's gonna be out today
at 6 p.m. so I'm just gonna be here
answering questions for you guys that
you guys have been asking a lot in the
comments lately and then I'll show you
guys a little preview of our new video
whoever's watching this before 6 p.m. so
let's do this you guys have been telling
us to update you guys and what's been
going on with Abdullah and stuff but
it's been the same thing he's telling
Pakistan he's still doing his thing over
there and happened like he's doing great
we've been talking to him lately but on
Facebook hopefully he'll be back at a
New York America soon so yeah if he
comes back we here man you already know
we here another one of the questions you
guys always asking the comments below is
how this shakes house get burnt down and
he didn't want to answer this himself so
I'll answer it for him because he told
me how everything happened so one time I
mean Shia who were hanging outside we've
actually we left college we met up and
we were gonna go film and vlog as usual
this was about six months ago so when we
were filming why go ahead when it was
probably the happiest day that day
happiest day of the week of that week so
we're enjoying that time then he went
home and I went home and when he went
home he this is what happened and he
walked and why he's walking with his
house he's about two blocks away of his
house when he came out to Train all he
saw is just firefighter truck fire
trucks he saw fire trucks and he was
wondering like why is there so many fire
trucks and then he kept walking straight
he got to going closer to his house and
he seen more fire trucks in the house he
saw firemen going in towards the black
of his house so you he kept walking so
he kept walking he turned around the
block and he's seen all the fire trucks
and the firemen inside his house so
that's really one of the most that's a
really sad story when he told me and
explained how happened it's just sad
imagine going to your house and you
seeing fire fighters like firefighters
and like firemen inside your house any
time when you went in there his family
was even there his his brothers and
sisters were inside there so he was so
scared and he found out that his family
were in a hotel at the time and then he
had to ask the firemen what's going on
and they had to explain to him
everything and his house got burned down
because of the
boiler room in his in his house they
didn't like so nobody caught something
on fire anything goes something wrong
with the boiler room with the boiler
like exploded there's something
confusing like and then this whole house
just got him fired and a lot of stuff
got burnt but I haven't like he's doing
great
his family's doing great they're in a
new house right now and they're waiting
so the other house is getting built and
the chawla the best for them and you
know shake I got your back and I got
your family's back so and you guys you
guys have shakes back in my back so
thank you guys for the support and the
support you guys always show him and me
thank you guys so much and yeah enough
with the questions and I'll show you
guys a little preview about a new video
that we've been editing lately so school
a couple weeks ago and so far there has
been a lot of annoying students in class
and just been bugging us out so so we
put all the stuff experienced in making
a video and that is all you guys are
getting so far so if you guys want to
check out the new video 6:00 p.m. or the
link will be below if you're watching
this after 6:00 p.m. so we're almost at
200,000 subscribers and it means so much
thank you guys so much for all the love
support and if you guys haven't
subscribed make sure you go subscribe
and for the new video let's try to get
2,000 thumbs up in an hour I don't know
if you guys can do that I mean I can't I
can't underestimate do me getting a
teammate like that so let's try to get
2,000 thumbs up in one hour for the new
video when is up so 6:00 p.m. with the
new videos up make sure you go turkey
and share it all over your Facebook and
Twitter if you share it on Facebook I'll
comment a heart or a like or sweet
something sweet and unique to you guys
and if you tweet it to us our Twitter's
below will follow as much as we can and
retweet and DM as much as you can so
thank you guys so much for this love and
support make sure you guys go check out
the video and go Turkey
so let's see how this goes you guys got
this I got faith in you guys I know you
guys can do this so let's do this
6:00 p.m. and Wasi time yeah
all right guys thing guys so much for
watching that's the end of the vlog be
sure to give this video a thumbs up we
have a new video coming out on our main
channel at 6 o clock Eastern Central
Time which is 11 o'clock in UK time so
be sure to go Turkey on that be sure to
go be running be sure to go crazy on
that
and if you guys are walking good if you
guys are watching this vlog on time the
video should be out tonight at 6:00 and
fly things out the six you know show
some love snapshot your favorite part
and tweet it to us and we'll so we can
see what's your favorite part you can
you can comment it but I rather you you
screenshot it so we can visually see it
you know we'll be in Las Vegas this
Sunday and that from day one
we're gonna go to la la we're gonna have
a meeting greet the meeting greeting
about October 31st we're not sure
exactly where but comment below which
city in LA you live so we can have the
meeting creat there so hope you guys
enjoyed daily vlogs hope you guys enjoy
our video on the main channels bigger so
much for the support thing guys so much
for the love and that's a wrap peace
