hey guys what's up you guys don't know
we're at the spot where we filmed our
first ever true story eh it's a video
and it feels great because I haven't
been here for so long and look at it
says here this is a spot if you guys
haven't known all the dirt this is it
gonna meet up creamish finished shooting
his video when you shoot a video next
and yeah I'm missing spot feel they
finally take this concert thing off
we saw ways film over there and congrats
to cream you just reached 100k subs
brooklet una Rosa good oh you got a nice
nice eh I love you here thanks I got
that Justin Bear
yes sorry took so long man and this
place brings so much memories like we
filmed our first two three videos all
over here which was back in 2012 and now
it's almost 2014 we had a really small
camera like this big like what it was
like five megapixel we used to put it
right here we had no stand we should put
it right here then we would stand right
there and just film it and just the food
were pointing that way we would turn it
this way sometimes would fall one
through so much I didn't want to never
want to walk in Central Park a nice
let's go let's leave right now
well it goes there man do you see that
yeah here for this goes where so like
poet Lavin he's all that someone
actually like bring back oh you're that
well L'Aquila Heather I swear to god
thing's a raccoon or something don't
look look here that Becky look at her
butt
alright so we just got to John Jay
College and right now we're gonna be
filming creams doing his scene for his
video we're doing our scenes we already
film half so let's do it it shake movie
ends up doing its daiquiri stand
basically guys I think the tripod I got
it oh my god what's going I just thought
for a second oh shit be careful
tell you guys you're doing yeah this is
the behind the scenes of when we film a
video this is how it goes when you guys
see a true story asar already famous now
video this behind the scenes we act
stupid dear like a lava the main office
cream that's funny please report to main
office what that was nice was the
college Dumbo once again we snuck in
here and so John Jay principal John Jay
whatever if you're looking for me I
snuck in your college be wear it then
you rimas like legit living in this box
now you're living in this box now yeah
you are
oyoshi leaving the box and she's leaving
her house she's going outside to chill
does she cute I think that means cute in
French or something and hi chicas tickle
together take all that I gotta take off
that I better give me cuz no hmm
I like what happens when I play a song
for Deena ready come on Dina you ready
watch this she's just gonna dance wanna
do it look gangster he's west south
north side watches Dina watching Dina
already ready Dina this was you this is
my hand man yeah that's you uh-huh
legged Dina thumb you like it you like
it she said yeah she does you love your
uncle Adam who's your favorite uncle
you love Adam I still got a teacher Dean
I to say I love Adam see I love Adam I
love Adam out of em so gosh forgot him
here
just chillin thug shake right here China
what it is you do pursuing a video right
now is a MacRay he's gonna be Craig stop
blaming you'll get off the screen that's
mines and that you're blogging ye I'm
Vlad now God you know let me block like
when I was logging on vlogging I guys
guys guys fighting your bad who is you
suck oh your thing is Sean man I'm sorry
man get you we've outside in man what
your you know your last night folks
it's crazy machine are you up so late yo
that's you hey you what's name mayflower
yo Mayweather I knew that so yeah but I
got caught me much Willie we've won a
case of scars you're lying man I
subscribe there Wednesday one like oh my
god I know him I know him i washes
because oh my god you know who is this
dude shaggy and presentations like shiny
Oh sweets oh good god
yeah be scooby-doo it did you hear that
oh you gonna get this okay the visitor
come on soon so stay tuned you're
already wet boy it's my boy your name
again joy and I'm great I could attest
to this I'm a huge fan of the a say boys
I love them very much
these guys are um absolutely amazing my
grandma always watches no matter yo your
grandma watches them oh you're lying I'm
gonna give you guys 101 yo he's a
favorite in a mutiny I don't cry but you
just think Robert yo you wanna be you
crying
what's his name man it's okay my wife
says it's alright to cry
men cry all the time you were so we just
got done filming and we just got done
doing the weirdest Instagram video ever
never do a baby grind on me video
because this is what happens I heard
myself the whole table fell on my hand
and thanks to Korea shake for helping me
out with that video cream all the time
oh thank you oh I thought with hugs oh
yeah we do dreamers we just got done
what is it 10 o'clock 10/10 left do John
J closes at 10 o'clock so and the thing
is John J they put um dogs the diploid
dogs to go to the school when they leave
and close do they huh so that's scary
series yeah
you know that oh that's really ugly very
night you know this up scary man the
college look it closes at ten is ten ten
right now and it when they close
different guard dogs you know the K
seven dogs they put those eyebrows mad
scared like well I think it scared you I
was looking at he's gonna like doing the
bathroom I scared with the day come on
girl you say you're really scared I've
got is very scared were you scared the
dog be honest now inside that was
literally so this is me what role of my
harem I came out of John J of criminal
justice and shake is gonna give you guys
a laugh noises this is how
do it again
is that you guys that cover the one that
you guys is that what happens when you
come out of John Jay messy slang nigga I
can't do that Oh what the hell is like a
vocal lesson I don't know what screaming
shake you guys don't know where they at
please tell me where they are
you know what my friends are what the
heck I don't know which one is this
shaker this chink or is this Kareem or
let me see which one is the real real
one come on shake shake come shake I
know this is really chick alright guys
that's the end of the vlog thing guys so
much for watching be sure to give this
video a thumbs up cuz your thumbs up
your favorites your retweets your shares
your all other stuff you guys do means a
lot to us so thank you guys so much for
those and I was reading yesterday's
comments the comes from yesterday's
video I'm yesterday's vlog and there was
a lot of people that was praying for me
that was that was I was supporting me
through all the traffic tragic events so
thanks so much for that it means a lot
and with that being said we recorded a
new video today and you should be out
this Thursday so if the editing ft goes
well this Thursday we have our new video
so stay tuned for that Las Vegas this
Sunday my birthday in exactly 12 days
November 4th not sure how many days it
is but yeah I'll be turning 20 kinda
excited but then again my teen years are
gone question of the day is it's not
really a question but comment below what
do you want our future videos to be like
like what kind of primes do you wanted
to do kind of special videos wants to do
what kind of comedy skids what kind of
you know bang guys for all the support
you guys have given us and till
tomorrow's vlog that's a wrap peace
