hey guys what's up out here we're gonna
go for sure we're going canoeing for
sure today it's not still a maybe for
the people laughing at me wearing these
glasses I want to wear and I want to
wear what I want
you got to probably let them solve it oh
it's through the glass this one movie
theater I like it because it looks cool
and it was free Dan it this is a new
Adam trend and and we decided to
remember how we had decided call it a si
we out tour we wanted to call it a say
we are told because we always whenever
we go out somewhere like to anywhere to
another state to another place we always
say we are I always say like this like
if you go to New Jersey like we are a
New Jersey oh I like we are go to his
mom's house here we are we are the shake
mom's house what my man crush Monday is
share agua he's my man crush Monday
squeegee is like a scary movie yeah hey
she's taking a little more way only in
New York City this is why I love fall I
love leaves on floor look I was like
this I love this place looks beautiful
whew huh down there yeah I want to go
canoeing so bad let's go can you do it
yeah yeah you do I not just happen
hey good eye so those are the canoeing
spot I'm gonna be so mad if it's closed
because I don't know for some reason it
looks like it's closed but I really hope
it isn't you know only cannoli so bad
this guy doesn't want to go Kudo because
he's scared of water but you're not
going in the water I'm so pissed off the
clothes take close 5:30 we got here at
6:00 p.m. and she cuz this is my 51
voices on the come on leave we got
please shut up campus hurry up
hello oh my goodness so you take them
all my purpose
yo what oh I wasn't me and they're not
doing nothing
fufu that ah fell from the sky fell from
the sky huh
hoping this guy get up stop you know
what he doing this Bassem so ghetto
nothing this is a nice romantic scary
spot right there I don't know why I find
this so scary feels like you're going to
like you're gonna die it's like a
sinking hole in the world I I don't know
you're just running in there let's see
how it looks just run as fast you can
ready say go do it do it come on run as
fast as you can
it just looks so scary like like you're
about to die this thinking hole is gonna
sink you in ah oh my God he's up no come
back shake shake come back can you could
die in there right
you can be careful don't go miss home go
my friend one is there he they took him
where did he go shake low shake can you
hear me hello oh my god I was keep
together hello
anybody here hello
with my real friend Sheikh let go please
there was no real friend chase let go me
where is he bringing up a Jeep
huh
relax your mind taking time oh let me
get people shot right on me now coming
we got it baby
are you stuck why are you stuck no stop
stop I want to see who you are
no no no check no no ha cheek
she
cuz you make me feel
so love
yeah you make me so yeah so since we
didn't go canoeing we decided to just do
a short video a short video I don't know
we just some we just made up something
off the spot randomly for you guys hope
you guys enjoyed it and yes we'll go
canoeing sometime this week because we
really want to go canoeing I want to
vlog it so bad so we'll see you guys
when when and if you guys don't know
shakes house his old house actually got
burnt down a couple months ago and now
he's at a new house i he's gonna stay
there for about about a year and a half
till they build a new house and he's
been like going through a lot so
everybody that's that keeps saying that
talks a lot of bad stuff about me saying
that he wears the same shirt he wears
the same sweater all day what you guys
don't know is that when his house got
burned down all his clothes got burned
on and everything got burned down so you
can't judge someone and just be messed
up to them straight up like that when
you don't know what's the real story so
right now it's like 9 o'clock in the
morning and we just came to our old
house where it was burned down like few
months ago and you guys are so short
yeah so so what we're doing what we're
doing today is we're gonna clean up
we're gonna like move the stuff that we
need take them out ash dizzy we're gonna
take them out and now I'll let my sister
continue from here it's used to be our
backyard um you know Bengali parents
always plenty and stuff so yeah compared
to ours the neighbor's garden is I mean
the neighbor's backyard is so clean and
stuff I was just like ah and this used
to be our backyard room um well that's
what I called it so empty now this place
used to be like so stuffed and stuff
stop
mom please break your head oh I guess we
pick huh do it I can do right now let us
check this place out / what does it says
do not touch
well we want to touch this game yeah
you're going in there not me scary I'm
gonna you're such a scare this I'm a
girl and I'm more breathing that is a
shame yeah so this used to be our living
room it's all messy and ugly now yeah oh
and this used to be my dad a couple of
years ago where is he always it there he
shaved his mustache off now um this used
to be in my room oh my god the hell is
that
oh god that guy's hideous pretty sure
one of my brothers sure this may be yeah
so um this used to be the bathroom the
crappy little bathroom um oh I used to
my Justin Bieber in one direction
posters up here cure that yeah yeah by
rapid no you hear that did you what does
annoy Scott
so a lot again I mean why did you pick
up a metal bat swing clovers on their
head I am in you're overreacting though
okay okay love you gotta come up here
I'm on you just told it to come up here
and now you're backing away
so someone Rose this you know I'm a door
Oh place sweet meat meat meat okay your
handwriting was so ugly sure I had
better handwriting than you oh um so I'm
guessing my brother did this you punched
the door because he's so aggressive yo
you got dicks right alright guys thank
you guys so much for watching if you
guys enjoyed give this video a thumbs up
yeah go turkey and all the likes no-go
biryani left know
okay anyways today we're sports go
canoeing but we didn't go because we
were 20 minutes late like you always are
no need for your comments so yeah we
were 20 minutes they but thank God we
didn't go because I can't swim and if I
can't swim what if I fall off that boat
who's gonna save me Adam he's only one I
can swim it who's he to protect me or
himself so to him paranoid to avoid all
that I prefer not going but since as my
friend I'm gonna go with you since you
want to have fun and all but yeah so a
comment below are you guys team can't
swim our team can swim that's my line so
yeah we just want to know how many views
can swim or how many views cannot so
yeah just comment and hearing to say yes
by Justin Bieber's hold tight and I
Tunes you know one kids by Justin you
know Jesus I you you're gay like you so
yeah um we're gonna record a new video
tomorrow
he should be out sometime this week
thing goes for a love thing what this is
my sister this is my sister so thank you
guys for all the support thing as for
all the love and and it's a wrap peace
