yeah how's that a prank bro you know
what I'm gonna get your master Oh Steve
no he's gonna drop a diss track at you
hey guys what's up your dumi gank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so far I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy then do me gank I hope
you guys are smiling today I hope you
guys are positive today and if anyone is
messin with you guys and breaking you
guys down hit me up and let me know cuz
I'll be ready to fight them for you
so talking about me fighting for you
guys they do me yeah I need you guys to
fight for me I was laying down last
night on my laptop and I saw a video
called Adam Saleh kicks a fan in the
face and I'm like what the heck when did
I ever kick a fit I've never kicked a
fan and I would never ever kick any fan
of the face I clicked on the video and
it had over 1.2 million views 1.2 mil
look at it 1.2 million views and the
title says Adam saw kicks the fan in the
face so I was crying myself in bed and
that watched the video and the video was
me at my show in Rotterdam and I just
always do this thing where I jump over
people which is kind of a dumb idea
because I'm a professional idiot I fell
on the fan the fan was okay everyone was
laughing everyone was cool about it so I
want you guys to do me gets to go to the
video and comment and say Adam did not
kick the fan of the face and to change
the title I love the do be gay I would
never do this who did it
I want names I want names who uploaded
that video you think I'm joking take my
man win off you take my made one the
crows is out I'm just joking to do me
getting I know you guys know that the
video is clickbait so huge shout out to
everyone who knows the videos clickbait
but it's crazy man I got over a million
views and people think I kick the fan in
the face what's next someone's gonna go
to my snapchat and upload the thing
where I stole the flower and say that
Adam Saleh stole flowers and then get
another million views man that sucks
blood but it's all good in the hood
because I know my real ones that do me
yeah and I know the real wants to know
that would it ever do something like
that so yes to do me gang I'm heading
outside right now don't forget to
subscribe right here doing six days for
the Moto music video and I'll see you
guys in the next shot do me gang I'm
outside and it's already dark I'm here
with my nephew
you said he's here to help me decide
what color should I change my hair to
why should I change my hairstyle to for
our Fashion Week Yusef
I think you did every single like style
there's nothing you could do let me know
the comments below tweet me I only have
about a day and a half to fix this hair
up or else I'm just gonna keep it the
same so I'm uh yeah i refreshed week
over 60 to the 19th city wall hi guys
being used
have some crazy brunch I got me a cold
iced coffee and he got him crazy chai
look at this child
but again
hi guys so I'm shopping for our Fashion
Week this is in the woman section looks
pretty firing a lot
good enough actually dope on your Oh
a doobie gang I am home with some of the
Adams family say F and Hamza say what up
what do me gang creamin washstand out
there cuz his house so I won't be seeing
them till they come back but I'm here
with the homie say a step you know the
handshake yeah
means they have earlier we're having an
argument because I was telling him I
should be his manager I should be his
boss the times that here is trying to
take over and he's going to hamza side
say who do you want to be your boss your
manager your boy huh you know Bart will
be in the butler I'm the butler how
about you Butler he's lighting my boat's
all over your body
you know yeah okay okay stop what are
you doing huh why would you do that
I got you boss now buddy how's that a
prank bro you know what I'm gonna get
you man cirrhosis what are you gonna do
if Jamel roasts you had your man I'm a
ton of toast you know he's gonna drop a
dish I got you
okay okay do you want to drop a diss
track on you call Jamel College a man
right now
call Jamal that's right
oh it's calling Gibran who's the wrong
call Jamal you lucky Siri got your back
see we got you you see me doing it I'll
see you guys peace bro my goodness look
at this room man what the heck my mama's
gonna whip my butt oh my god and my hair
is a mess man say up man do me gang now
I got a vacuum and stuff you know what
I'm gonna go snitch on say ah I'm gonna
go downstairs go to his dad and sit on
him that he pranked me and put silly
strings on me a five-year-old put silly
strings on me it's nishan let me go to
his dad right now I'm snitching top hi
guys I'm here with Apple Yousef
say Ives that too yo I'm a snitch on you
right so silly strings all over me what
all those I'm gonna take you know let me
take you know they that's it boom check
his nose I think it's no do me gang I'm
here to tell you guys that I'm leaving
to Dubai in like a day and I know last
time that I came it was literally so
crazy I couldn't get to me all of you
guys but do me yank this time I can meet
every single one of you guys to make
sure you guys stay updated by watching
the vlog or follow me on Instagram Adam
Saleh I want to get to meet every single
one of you guys and I'm gonna be there
for like three or four days so a lot of
you guys have more of a chance to meet
me I'm gonna be at Fashion Week from
November 16 until November 19 at city
wok and I will keep you guys updated
with where exactly I will be so you guys
can meet me because I want to meet every
single one of you guys I felt so bad
last time we got to turn up
we got the chill but then the
meet-and-greet I got crazy so this time
I'm so so excited because one of my
favorite weeks is Arab Fashion Week at
Fashion Week is literally like something
that I love like fashion and I'm our
thank you guys so much and make sure you
guys stay tuned if you guys want to come
through and turn
up and say hi and vlog with me and do
snaps for me and maybe mess around with
some people
okay do me gang I am back in it is time
to finally announce the second winner
for the giveaway from a second jacket
the black one with the cute little
flowers on it so I'm on the way neck
music video I've been loading all the
comments I've been reading all your
comments so I want to say thank you guys
so much for all your beautiful comments
and all your profile pictures a lot of
your profile pictures is the same
profile picture as me so I appreciate
you guys so much it do me gank thank you
guys for always going so hard now let's
um choose a winner but first let me give
some shoutouts to you guys juma Thank
You Juma Alicia Kiera
Diana Ezra Rabia Elif Nazrul so many of
you guys thank you guys so much like all
these comments comments comments
comments okay we're gonna choose one
right now ready comments comments keep
going up
eyes closed down up dumaguete I'm so
scrolling oh my god okay I might choose
ready set hey go boom right there boom
it is rabia Shaheen raffia Shaheen
congratulations you just won the second
jacket
congratulations - and I be I'm gonna be
DMing you I don't know how I'm gonna be
DMing you on YouTube but I'm gonna find
a way to find you I will find you thank
you so much for a little support this is
the end of the vlog if you guys did
enjoy it make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me gang take care and peace
I love you guys so much and I'll see you
at tomorrow pit stop check-in it shit
swear to god II should've came willing
gives you Yemen baby makes them Yemen
aid place I'll meet today I'll treat the
playing like an uber if that makes me
imagine or discuss and see much noona
but this show think man horrible in my
mouth I will not be inside you brother
universe that I think yeah baby
