alright so we just got here in comic-con
chillin with the boy Kyle its limitation
and we got we got we got supper here our
cribs
three four teams
I said check out what they have in there
this place is cool
spider-man see Daphne Wilma is like oh
it's like Dino I'm you know I'm
happening
I'm captain hour of America he's good
entire
feeling like be able stop this is what
we met but praying in public so we just
found somebody that's doing is praying
in public so shout out to you
mashallah
training public birthday
never be ashamed of light your religion
stuff look he's not ashamed
thank you right yeah hey what people say
crazy man
yeah Hannah hold my food for my other
Souls do try Oh hold it yeah this feels
cool we had like the passes and stuff go
check it out
only cream got forgot that that is
yourself quiz it
you'll be spider-man
landing in Toronto right now third times
what than you for landing at what
I'm sending soon famous
excited
we're now
they look like they live a perimeter
I can't
saying it just the typically cannot pull
this off we just landed in Canada the
third time yeah
and we're here waiting for the luggage
this is our clean
taking a really big dump your shape you
know these two kids are taking no no you
just took a poop right now don't lie all
I think don't say that you're the
bathroom here right huh I'm a change
minion
this is a bathroom nobody's here right
now like I love this man this is like
our own room we're our own space if you
girls if you never seen the boys
bathroom this is how it looks has these
stuff I don't really use that because
it's like it's stupid it is really look
at how you're gonna take a dump also so
yeah yeah haven't been Remo watching
Ramona's salt and so long so what
started again you missed that but you
should actually self up who's that Lima
who's that that's you that's you Rima do
you like watching yourself rimae you
like watching yourself you're kissing
yourself what the heck yeah he was like
kissing yourself Lida - good - good take
Sean is here you got a Cadillac ready
the king is ready y'all ready yeah I'm
ready for my back in the car I'm gonna
do something for you right now okay
shamans but the car is talking to be
ready do it again O'Shea climatic say
what up hey what's up hey we shake I
don't see user
similar about the head out so there we
go we go into the premiere now the music
video yeah
special guest right there man climatic
special guest yo shake all right now we
just got here
look at that this is for shams and
Carter's new song that we were featured
in the music video look sick man things
new is you know it's gonna be fun let's
go have fun inside
you got this so we just got really rare
and he said he looks ratchet and people
who I here and we're chillin and we're
hungry we're gonna go get some food
and this place looks dope what's up to
see Adam shoutout to your mama or your
dog Tom hi okay
say hi you guys wait for cool huh
I should be what you guys yeah you know
it's cost to to box and charge the phone
there understood
and they taking pictures here some King
massive layup home girls hi I see us
here everybody's here what's up what's
the little system and I'm gonna I keep
myself okay okay fine
hi hi Oh what the hell splashing my face
that hurts oh oh yeah
alright you're gonna you're gonna get
porn there is it with the food give
these girls are there and they said
they'll do it so yeah with shake off go
and just like this touches here I'd be
like wow we have a nice Asian I just
good work
after
so I see I Maleeha one of the poster
thank you her name is her name is like
Eminem I think I'm gonna bet Mina him
yeah thank you so much Asya and yeah I
don't know what I guys gonna end off
right now one two hi guys it's time to
wrap up shut up
hi guys it was time to open your box
because I want to be my bucks
alright guys it was time to wrap up this
flag and hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
I just want you guys to know to check
out the new music video that Sean
micarta did that we were featured in
this is called nacho hey and this
nationally sorry I can't say it's a nerd
though if you guys don't know and it's
it's it's below yeah it's it's it's the
link is below so make sure you guys go
turkey on that and show a lotta love to
them this is the such cool people and
super job really fun to hang out with
and I've been trying so much - smack -
smack cam hug cream and shake but it's
been a film happen it's been a fail I
got you guys and you guys need to keep
cutting me off as like thank you asked
so much for thank you guys so much for
the praying in public video we hit over
1 million people watching it so thank
you so much to cream and if what you
have want to say about it you know thank
me I mean we're in the video I mean I
want to want to see what you guys want
to say about like this has never
happened four days over 1 million people
watched it and I heard it went all over
the news in Palestine and in Jordan and
Qatar and a lot all over the media and
I'm so glad that all over the media
because that's what I wanted it to be
wanted to show the peace of the peaceful
side of Islam to the media because you
know the media they always show the
negative side of it and that's what we
don't like they always show that the
side
people don't see and when we showed the
peaceful side and over 1 million people
saw it let's come together go say so
first first the man will be here speak
because he was in the video and he also
prayed what time is it right now what
time during the time is right now 3 it
was like 300 it's not being I tell me
it's 2:30 a.m. let me see my message
let me the president he always tries to
be a president
all right guys I just want to take a
moment to thank every everyone that
supported us and helped us I mean for
days 1 million views is such a great
feeling and that's not all that's a
great feeling the feeling that we help
this message get all over the world to
shoulder people like you know be proud
of your religion and if like if you have
to pray in the streets pray wherever you
can and you know I'm just glad that that
we can be the reason that you guys have
better image of Islam so that's what I'm
I'm proud and I'm proud that millions
this world has good people in 1 million
people saw our video and is inspired our
view I'm shall learn many more to come
in to tell them any more common chawla
true story si need your support thank
you for bringing us here to this level
and the homie are we famous now coming
coming with them KooKoo win I'm not done
this we do still want oh my god praise
to God to the president thank you oh my
god so I would hate you for president he
was president seeks along I hate you
president seeks wrong is this you guys
man and I'm losing my voice client and
you know guys I just want to thank you
guys all as Adam says for going Turkey
in our videos and and just just all this
report how can you explain to us how
does it feel like oh my feet president
interior interview now his friend look
man thank you for idea president I'm
ashamed to see you guys with no
microphone to like it's three all about
to sleep I know you have a good honestly
though um to see my best friends doing
this successful I know how it feels like
I've hit a couple of videos that went a
million and it's an absolutely amazing
feeling you feel like you're on top of
the world and what you're doing is funny
on all right but these guys are more
than friends they're brothers now
seen them I've smelled them when they
fart you know like we're actually
brothers now and to see them doing the
success honestly it's like I'm getting
success because when they it's like I'm
doing good so I'm just as happy as for
you as if I were to get that view so I
want you guys to keep doing it and you
guys have to keep supporting them you
know I keep supporting me you know like
we're all gathered we rolled a baby so
everybody has everybody go Google every
buggy and every go shakey hey thank you
so much and now thank you yeah
have a good night um um yeah have a good
night take care we'll see you guys
tomorrow with the wife I might upload
like say because because though the the
wife I was so horrible and it's the
upload said 2002 thousand minutes equals
like two weeks so hi guys you take care
have a great night we're gonna be out
and remember to show love and yeah you
guys morons and it'll like ones for this
video man it really helps out oh yeah
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
and go Turkey as usual right oh yeah if
you guys are not wearing Canada right
now so yeah cream as a new word it's
called go go cuckoo because that's his
nickname and he's Cuckoo's rare so yes
everybody go okay see you guys tomorrow
take care hopefully we get we find a
good Wi-Fi to up a little faster I've
been losing my voice
and I've been working hard all of us
have been working hard and just
definitely say bye bye sleep early I
will smack him you I will
