hey guys what's up we are here at
chillin and chase man choice bank so
stead of lag and late because I said
it's rifled fault if you hit yo you need
to stop your hairline is getting like
higher by the days it's okay we're all
gonna go bald soon so it doesn't matter
listen just enjoy it as we go
I was as I was saying the vlog yesterday
was taking so long so I don't know
upload I have four hours so we just sort
of like in late cuz it Yoshi got a runny
hairline can you see okay good oh hi oh
it's nice you're LeBron let me see they
see LeBron Brown Mamba so easy yes sir
can I just see let me just see a pixel
pixel I ever wanted to have is like a
superpower
I've been invisible alright so I know
what's to be invisible so my dad he got
this brand new coffee machine he just
got it from Yemen it's like what the
heck girl where's the coffee machine did
you eat it huh you scared me she likes
it she wants it why this is Reema's
house now this is your house Reema this
is your house
it is OKC house okay bye-bye
you may leave your house Reema you
better leave your house yeah believe you
I'm gonna stay in your house though
you're not gonna invite me anyhow other
hand you're not gonna find me in your
house huh you're not gonna find me a
house I am you I am yeah
Oh as a kiss oh you already thought that
you fell huh
I'm gonna push you the heck you know
gonna bust your foot I'm gonna push you
like this huh yeah aha
you said yeah you want to go up there
yeah you miss stuff you missed that stop
stop
what what's wrong at you and your
emotions you make it's happy one second
then mad one second what the hell take
and I'm up then get up in this get up
and dance dinner the superpower that I
would want without a fight if I had a
superpower is um suppress rewind
fast-forward or pause so this is how he
won he wants it shake once its
invisibility I think visible it's good
but I would rather have a pause rewind
and fast-forward right so this is cheeks
superpower he wants Sheikh Said is
superpower he wants to be invisible huh
you already know cuz I will go outside
and then I will play it Jake
sheep hey Jake stop Chadwick meat work
cheek stop my superpower is this
go let me get your number can I get it
um no and out of my face forget you
you
so we're too easy to walk like returning
the bus there sonic boom huh
so if you guys don't know it's tomorrow
I cry like a baby
I'm gonna give it that come on Isabella
hi as you as you guys know um tomorrow
we're gonna be at Comic Con and if you
guys haven't heard of it something like
VidCon but it's Comic Con and never
heard of either it's very first and
we're gonna be there well with cream so
shout out and thanks to Kareem for
giving us the tickets and usually after
that and the day after day we're going
to be in Vienna and then after that
we're gonna be going to Canada again so
this is anywhere five days yeah we're
gonna be there for five days so we'll
see how it goes
we're gonna try our best to put the
blog's that have daily blogs up but the
thing is I'm the Wi-Fi that is horrible
so if it goes up late and it goes up no
offense to creation just you guys have
to fix up your Wi-Fi no it's just a
hotel that's what it is maybe and yeah
so today we kind of like late so the
vlog won't be that long so yeah I hope
you guys still go Turkey on on on on
shakes booty they train stuff Ricky and
ten o'clock right now so what may be so
mrs. Gilman how long did it take to get
y'all an hour
it's gonna take a long line longer than
your hairline we just got a letter
oh it's first-class I'm flying in first
class
up in the sky tapping - hey man yeah hey
let's see what's in here
whoo so this is from Maria and she lives
in Tennessee
and Maria said my mom thinks that I'm
just wasting my time on you and that you
won't even wear my bracelets and
probably just put them in a jar her
words not mine
she says that you don't care but she
must be crazy she must be like she's
like my mom but actually me chef we
freaking love when you guys give us some
if you guys didn't notice the bracelets
you guys give us or the necklaces or
whatever you guys give us
I wear the bracelets even when I'm
showering so and we love we say we
seriously we give so much love back to
our we always try to give so much love
back to you guys and to show that we do
care because you wouldn't be here
without you guys so seriously thank you
guys so much I'm gonna rock these and
saucy let me give him some and
thank you so much for oh but that just
thank you so much Maria
and tell your mom ha ha ha in your face
homie and I am gonna wear these
bracelets and yeah I always I wanted to
say that the shirts we had of the make
the world smile the shipping we had a
problem with the International shipping
I don't know it was showing up like $80
or something like that but now it's
fixed it's way less I think is about
what 5 10 or 15 for shipping it depends
on where you are international things
about 10 or 15 if it's in America I
think it's about 5 so thank you guys so
much whoever purchased the shirts and if
you were having trouble with the with
the shipping now it's over and things
got so much if you do get one and show
support and yeah so this is the website
for the shirts there's a lot of type of
you get a sweater or a hoodie - it says
make the world smile there's I think the
best one is I don't know why but since I
called it I either get a hoodie this or
that
but I think I'd rather get this because
it looks tighter and I like wearing
windows tight way if you guys do get one
make sure you guys tweet it to us sent
us something because we want to put
everybody who has one and I vlog coming
soon all of them together so yeah thank
you guys so much for the support the
link will be below and I wanted to share
something with you guys someone shared
our make the homeless mile worldwide on
Facebook a couple months ago and it just
reached over 1 million shares not 1
million likes or anything 1 million
shares so people took the time and
shared 1 over 1 million people took time
and shared it ok so this is it I don't
know I don't know who this guy is but he
shared our video I'm on July 30th and it
has over 1 million and 12,000 shares
this is crazy oh my goodness at it I've
never seen anything on Facebook that has
over 1 million shares I think this is
the only video on Facebook has over 1
million shares so congratulation guys we
did it
I think we got the most shared video on
Facebook you guys want turkey do me gank
teammate say got this we got it and
knowing the fact and assignment about
the shares knowing the fact that over 1
million people shared it it's it's the
fact that over 1 million people are
inspired by the video and they're gonna
go out and doing something do something
positive to the homeless so we can
officially say that we inspired over a
million people and a million shares
imagine how many views would that be on
Facebook that'd be crazy just oh you
guys are freaking crazy would never
happened without you guys so thank you
guys so much for helping us inspire over
1 million people throughout the whole
world worldwide hi guys so it's time to
wrap up this vlog hope you guys enjoy
this flag even though it was kind of
short we had trouble with the upload
yesterday hopefully we don't have
trouble with this one and yeah I wanted
to say thank you guys so much for
helping us reach the most share the
video on Facebook I'm just guessing is
the most shared free on Facebook and
think about so much for the new video we
had on praying in public you guys
already reached the goal over 10,000
thumbs up you guys already got it so
thank you guys so much for that and I
love how you guys always achieve and
accomplish the goals we always do it
together
so thank you guys so much for that
seriously I'm saying so much thank yous
but I feel like I always have to say
even though it gets annoying sometimes
but I still gotta say homie and yeah so
if you guys haven't watched the video
praying public go watch it
and let's make a change with that video
too just like how we did with the make
the homeless smile video and with the
mean of Muslim person video we have a
lot more to come soon and a lot more
comedy stuff inspirational stuff so I
hope you guys are looking forward to it
make sure you guys give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe to this channel
if you guys haven't subscribe and
subscribe to our main channel if you
guys I'm gonna subscribe there we have
already over 155 thousand subscribers
once again thank you we'll see you guys
on Sunday because tomorrow we're off to
Canada and we will still be will still
be vlogging in Canada I just really hope
the Wi-Fi works tears so we can upload
vlogs over there so we'll see you guys
then and really miss Sean and Carter and
Canada so if you guys are watching this
shout out to guys hopefully we have even
more fun to saundra see you guys peace
