hey guys what's up right now we just got
done filming this vlog won't be as long
because we have a new video today
finally woo up this so long we finally
got a meantime video it shouldn't be
coming out today's today at 5 p.m.
Eastern Time
I'm destiny Heimdall I was really warm
today and was just beautiful to this two
weeks to do this video and we just got
done with it it's really dark by now and
we both gonna have a long night of
editing this adding the blog it's a few
two years two little brains in it how do
you know it makes no sense way sound
another good one you know
whoa how's the pizzas bigger than you
leave your hat that I gave you oh go get
the Hat
hurry run says missing stuff worries
hurry okay
howdy
Prison where is it
I think out of my bag don't forget it so
this is how we record our pranks and
stuff like that videos we put it like
this we put the camera from like this
and we have a say thank you first to
sell out for the Kip camera give us a
bigger lens as well did you quick shout
out to sera from altitude for giving us
this this camera it's like you know
isn't really good so you hold it like
this and we hide it we hide in we put
this out right here so we can watch the
screen and how it's going come you have
a headphone too so we can care
everything I mean hope goes there go
there go prank somebody go do something
what are you doing
no son we hide like this well you always
get caught sometimes I mean what and if
security comes you turn it off and run
away and me security comes I continue
recording yeah I know I experienced that
I know I bet you're happy I wouldn't
turn it off if I would continue
recording crying how much tougher than
you I am a huge huge shout out to my
nephew Hamza for being really brave
doing this video it takes a lot of
courage and not a guts to do this video
but yeah congrats ones he's he's in wait
like waiting like like for a long time
to be in a video of the second me
Channel video and he finally got to it
if you guys want to go watch it you
gotta watch this after 5 p.m. go watch
it and give it a thumbs up and go turkey
hopefully the hopefully the the message
you know
conveys and and shows
tomorrow I mean well today Sunday it's
gonna be a big big big big big big big
day for us is that kidding me like so
much work we're releasing the blog this
we're releasing the a a dancing Sunday's
gonna be in Jackson Heights and
Instagram grainy speed with a new video
Shuster is finally decided where we're
going we're going to the Bahamas oh yeah
and we're going several hours on Tuesday
and Tuesday
yeah I'm gonna take you with me
all the way when I go it's a really
really big day for us today I'm temple
you guys watching City so hope you guys
appreciate everything and watch
everything and yeah we have also the
radio show that's that's that's if you
guys wanna watch it we we had a radio
interview if you guys want to watch it
the link will be below who was in
Chicago so you see that late that late
obviously the link is below they click
on it make it here and the link will be
below for the new video who's in there
where the limo you're gonna go in there
alright so since we're done with the
video we're gonna go celebrate and this
desi restaurant in Jackson Heights it is
that what you got my name's onions
nother game this is a biryani with maybe
a sheiks favorite Brioni so make sure
you guys honey what is what I ate that
one's black what is what you said
potatoes potatoes is sweet he's actually
he's like this if I got something so
spicy try to find me banging
other than that
okay show up nice anything my love idiot
idiot
hi guys it was time to wrap up this flag
hope you guys all enjoyed this flag I
know this vlog was kind of short but it
will all be worth it because we have a
new video today at 5 p.m. Eastern time
so if you guys are watching this before
5 p.m. years in time make sure you guys
count down with us because we're finally
gonna count down you missed it so much
it's finally warmer our main channel
videos are back so yeah on Twitter we'll
be counting down and having fun and you
could just be with us today is a big big
day for us because we have a lot going
on the vlogs gonna be up then the new
video is gonna be up at 5 p.m. and this
video is like something that means so
much to me I wanted to do this video
because I want my dad to watch this and
I want him to stop to quit smoking and I
want the people that somebody always has
to have a person in life that you wanna
you want them to quit smoking so
hopefully that will help them out and
hope they'll quit and hopefully you guys
enjoy the video and help change the
world
yeah make sure you guys go Turkey and
hope you guys do enjoy this video and I
hope you guys hope was all worth it I
guess
team a say do me gang showing a lot of
love to guys and after that at 6 p.m. we
will have the radio interview in Chicago
but it was like a talk in like on the
phone so the link will be below with
that will tweet it out on Twitter so you
guys can all listen to it unfortunately
the Adams dancing Sundays will not be up
today because there was so much editing
is literally right now at is literally
329 a.m. so we couldn't do the Adams
dancing I was gonna do it in Jackson
Heights like Ana mall area but for that
we're gonna be doing it in the Bahamas
so yeah I'll do it for you guys in the
Bahamas and I'll make it up for you guys
because I had to edit and put this video
up so hopefully today is all about the
new video and the radio interview and
this vlog as usual go turkey on his blog
see you guys on Twitter for the
countdown and then after that for the
radio interview we have a lot more
surprises to come just yeah well let you
guys know i shelled everything goes
great if you guys want to show our new
video to your parents or to your family
and just let us know what they think I
don't know I just want to know like what
they would think about the new video my
hand is shaking right now because like
vlogging is like a sport I gained like a
lot of muscle over here from just Agra
flagging so oh oh
second nerve is moving well well with
this second nerve I swear to god no
movie as a better ok switch hands we
will see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace
