so we have a guest over she came all the
way from her place office she's asleep
over so yeah she's at a sleepover for a
few days and we're trying to decide on
him on what to watch on Netflix in
support let's watch all right yeah let's
watch boy you don't say that okay
not gonna say thumbs up if you think I'm
a five-year-old anyways ignore the video
we're gonna probably watch a scary movie
did think they're there they're so tough
now right kissa kissa shoulder I mean oh
oh you made it for yesterday good
yesterday when I wanted to hug you like
no you gotta go out right now I have to
do some work outside but before I leave
mother about this thing they can sing or
and sister too yes it's a baby sister
didn't you say so
you guys are like one direction right
now yeah right now they watching a scary
movie okay so I said hi so right now
we're gonna go to the billiards right
now I'm gonna play him and pull
cuz he did you can beat me but I don't
think I know shake I beat you in
everything I'm pretty good at cuz I was
swinging on the on the iPhone
he always say no I know you said I was
mad right now
he's I he's i we say I'm good enough to
beat me so forget we get into the real
gaming right now we're gonna find out
who's the real winner
I mean obviously the we just got to the
pool place his hands bust somebody ready
indigent check these out this shape
is a team honestly you got this oh you
made it
but you made the way fall into it so I
want to say that literally countless
listeners chat you're going I mean I
can't make it oh and the first game is
over and I actually won actually beat
slim even though he made even though he
made all these fancy shots and I still
beat him
what up slim since I say you wanted my
delay gen'l'men gone you want my default
honestly just becoming honest because I
made the black ball in the wrong pocket
honestly that's how he still I still
wonder I still wonder I still won ladies
gentlemen please welcome to winter
Shaykh Akbar
oh yeah you got it
so we just finished another game and
this time
slim won he won he won by luck because I
know I did it I beat you I'm skilled
well I should I swear this game you won
by like I yeah
come on listen mr. white because the
blackboard I was puttin down but instead
it went down other ones so you want but
you're a nice fire next time next time
you were fairly oh it was a fun time in
the yard billiards Billy our pool pool
pool stroke down here yes or so we had a
fun time we're about to be out we will
be informing you about where we're going
next week if you guys don't get up to
4,000 we're gonna tell you either way
you're gonna find out either way but try
to get that video to fourth out I hate
New York weather so much it's like why
are you hitting someone in the morning
it's like sunny in the after this us
snowing at night it starts raining and
then the next morning it starts being
windy it's like it's like all four
seasons in one day bipolar man you know
I folder mother nature near is bipolar
yeah the weather whether we see bipolar
no we try to say the weather's bipolar
like hot in the morning and on a bipolar
disorder
yeah no he's saying that your back
bullet I'm back do the Bhangra fuck this
shamiqua please shut up I'm trying to
vlog here is recording Shaniqua shut up
you know what go to your brother's house
AJ or you can go to your other brothers
house BJ oh goodie cousin's house CJ now
whatever go to DJ's house you know kids
yeah I know EJ EJ's my cousin whatever
she need what I'm sorry I'm sorry about
that you know um I just wanted to tell
ya that I can't be serious like this I
would talk normally for now I just
wanted to let you guys know that I was
home all day me and Rima we're hanging
out cutting it's a vlogger because I was
with him just for a little bit
eating like frozen yogurt and stuff then
she went to like a cousin's house and
stuff and she hasn't came back but I
wanted to tell you guys that our
interview with Dean TV is out and it was
one of was one of was a really funny
interview like I liked it because he
brought up like a lot of our videos like
probably like five six of my videos when
we talked about it he brought her prima
in it and Reba I explained that Reema is
not my daughter
Reema is my niece she lives with me and
she's like my life I explained
everything in the interview so if you
guys want to watch that interview hit
the links below you can watch it was
really fun to watch huge shout out to D
TV for giving us the interview and
everything and Sheikh is gonna explain
to you guys that we have a radio
interview that's gonna air and radio in
Chicago but you all can hear it too and
he's gonna tell you guys all the info in
a few seconds or a few minutes and I
want to say guys thank you so much for
the comments that you guys have been
doing you guys have been going Turkey
the whole teammates say is on there and
I'm gonna be vlogging there from
yesterday's vlog of today's vlog of it
so the people that are commenting I'm
vlogging I'll be up on Sunday and I
wanted to tell you guys that we do have
a new video coming soon that's what I've
been home all day I've been writing you
know write it down a lot of ideas I
would have well Finland with Hamza we're
gonna be filming with Hamza soon he's
killin
yeah we're gonna be filming with him on
Saturday and hopefully the video will be
up sometime before we go to the place
we're gonna go to it's a nice vacation
that we're gonna be going to and I mean
we're gonna tell you guys tomorrow
Saturday's I'm Twitter will tell you
guys we're gonna go on Saturday so if
you guys want follow us on Twitter and
yeah we'll tell you guys we're gonna go
Saturday and she doesn't watch the
interview the link will be below shake
is gonna explain what's gonna happen
that we're gonna have a radio interview
if you guys want to listen to it but for
now you can watch the Dean TV interview
and we have a lot coming soon inshallah
so hope you guys are on the lookout for
that love you guys seriously means a lot
with like we have fun with you guys just
seriously like I see you guys like
brothers family sisters and like I don't
know we need to have a slumber party no
joke like hopefully sooner shell that
like why can't we like be white and just
like going each other's house and be
like hey mr. Saleh mrs. and mr. Saleh
I'm just coming over we're having a
stomach party but you know yeah we got
to be Arab you go on there you get
smacked my frickin parent like what the
heck gosh hundreds up and that's the end
of the vlog be sure to give your thumbs
up and go beyond ioan the likes um it is
not that hard you just go down and you
press thumbs up on this kind of button
press it then that is it your job is
done we have a lot of announcements
number one is we have a radio interview
the title of this interview is called
inspiring young youth it I think they
can interview us on regarding how our
videos impacted the world so you guys
should really check it out or tune in
when it's when it's like this interview
is gonna be aired on February the 23rd
which is a Sunday at 6 to 7
CST which is a Central Standard Time
where Chicago spend the time it's gonna
be here at 6 to 7 o'clock p.m. it's
gonna be hosted by Tahereh Shireen Roth
Mont it sounds like a Bengali and I'm
pretty sure she's Bengali pay exam be
hosted by her and the guest speakers are
yours truly and Adam solid we're not
busy on a Sunday or if you guys I'm
going to do on Sunday you guys can hear
us live you can listen to the interview
life the
he's gonna be down below the website
where you can go and list of it live if
you don't live around the Chicago area
or you're gonna have access to the
Chicago radio stations you can here or
you can listen to a slide the link is
down below before I end this vlog I just
want to give a huge huge huge shout out
to Team a si yes you I want to give you
guys all a shout out and the reason why
I'm saying is because like you guys make
my day like literally you guys make my
day even through tweets Facebook
messages Facebook posting on balls DM
even physically when you when we meet
physically you guys make my day like
when I'm when I'm feeling down you guys
somehow you guys noticed it and you guys
tweet to me oh my god shake what's wrong
and then you guys tweet some really
sweet stuff and that literally makes my
day that literally makes my night or
evening or morning or whatever even
physically like an hour ago I met this
fan on the train and we were talking the
whole ride we were just having a normal
conversation and honestly that made my
night it's just a good feeling you like
when this happens I I sleep with the
smile on my face and the reason behind
this is all thanks to you guys so huge
huge shout out to you guys thank you so
much for being there I don't know how
else to thank you honestly and that's a
wrap
thank you for tuning into our blogs
thank you for sharing our vlog thank you
for enjoying our blogs hopefully if you
guys do enjoy it um yeah that's a wrap
please
