hey guys what's up today we are from the
Apple Store Sam I met up it's a boring
Sunday and ugly Sunday but we're still
gonna chill we're glad to go from
ethical minimal cream he's going to give
us food he said no no go away
high five how are you my five and so
rude yeah they're so rude they don't
want me to give them a high five with
the head there come screws I mean can I
give you a high five
you guys didn't wanna give me out bad
Thank You Man thank you so you gave me
half he's a nice guy do not slap to here
is that why she come boogers get boogers
hey my stuff
so fear you see me hope hi guys you're
missing no bomb take it
yeah boo guizhang Oh buddy it's
idiot I'm sorry
all that wasn't because it was just
nothing in there it was nothing my nose
won't lower nothing when I was pullin
you know I hate the most when people
don't come on time like they tell you
5:20 and they'll be here like 5:45 why
you stop tweeting Kareem I mean you are
you in directing career here's another
example right here we were supposed to
meet at 5:00 p.m. and he came up or he's
like ooh and he's like yo I'm Tom the
the trees giving late take the bomb
taking the bus I'll be there at 5:30 did
it tell you oh you look so cute and you
look so nice can I give you a kiss on
the cheek he said yeah I get kissed on
the cheek I love you love me this guy's
a sweet guy man nice thanks
thank you so much take it there bro
besides I got stuff from here sit there
here
let me go from here to there ready I'm
not joking don't be serious
I came in Michael Jordan came and do
that hi what do you me to jump from here
how about this this line here to the
other line over there is that good
yes nothing breaking news she hug but
has been caught eating nuts breaking
news shayok but has been caught eating
nuts what kind of nuts are those huh oh
honey roasted very good right all right
so since she accepted that was nothing
when I jumped over it was nothing I have
to do it again and do a higher jump so
which one am I gonna do here here to
there here to there yeah I'm about to do
round 3 you know take them out take him
off and talk I'm talking about those
nuts like I go no sounds about to do
round 2 and this one he didn't jump a
longer distance it'll jump from go from
here
what are you here so there right there
there's about 2 bucks extra okay
you were supposed to land on this box
right here when I set this box and you
and that's impossible
you said that block and their team is
impossible seriously I'm not I can't fly
this is not Grand Theft Auto I can't use
a cheat code to fly let me help you my
little brother with homework and he
actually doesn't need my help
that's a pretty smart what is that quack
what do all these little smart okay uh
what does that say just read the
direction missing say the name of the
picture circle and write stuff all right
Luthor what are you doing what why you
have naked
nice naked there you are oh joy which
okay we'll wait till mom finds out my
brother hates when people try to kiss
you so much I didn't right now
soon as they are you doing hi kiss me
wait you kiss my neck I mean my nose my
neck my neck can I say something um are
you gonna listen to Justin Bieber's new
song heartbreaker tonight it's gonna
come out tonight at 12 a.m. even listen
to it you're gonna listen to it so cream
just came a man and took him a while but
he's you know that's not hi yes how
Arabs doing so good in her but you got
his food well I did I said wallah yeah
yeah absolutely
but he got his food so about to get
ready to eat we've been starving
it feels like I'm fasting I didn't eat
all day today and we need to shake ate
he a nut she had nuts in his mouth
yes I'm gonna drink cuz we ate we had
nothing to drink so if you guys ever
come you ask you get zico's coconut
water it's so freakin done kids are
shaky city gonna get that drink you're
gonna drink it in public you know I get
oh that is really good oh yeah
what is that Oh Cho this is chocolate oh
I get the chocolate it's like 9 p.m.
alright guys it's like 12 I mean it's
like 9 p.m. right now and we're chilling
in Central Park
alright so if you guys there no such
parties uh the biggest park in New York
what time is it man 12:00 a.m. 12:00
a.m. why are you guys taking me here
it's 9:00 p.m. so yeah Chris cream is
scared of the dark so this is how it is
I'm expose you
no worldstar no that's the keep walking
keep cheating that know he is his now we
go to five I'm going to get it for his
birthday
me and creamy and give us his birthday
he doesn't win win it he's super LD
birthday but yeah I finally gonna go
crazy so I got you so creamy just
basically cream just gave him grand out
of five channel again yep another guy on
my blog channel is called are we cuckoo
now but and I've been doing them yeah
finally you did Billy vlogs for a little
bit then yeah stopped off a little bit I
released actually today today I got one
coming up you can blow blows official
shake this guy grand little five and
we'll be playing it together and yeah
huge thank you so cream you tell you
thank you come on tell them of like time
in his life
yeah guys so it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
make sure you give this video a thumbs
up and go turkey if you're enjoying
these a safe day leave lies because we
enjoy so much making them for you guys
and just like when we're older and we
look back at these vlogs it's gonna be
like a tire like a video diary or
something of our everyday life of the
stupid stuff we're gonna give you guys
the winner is a Twitter shout-out all
right so for the Twitter shoutouts I'm
gonna give the shout outs for the rounds
that I did around 1/3 round 5 7 & 9
shout out to de la sala I like your last
name um you guess 61 you won round one
and you guys 61 I was that was the right
number so shout out to you the large
sala round 2 winner was Myra Mia she got
dancer the answer was like I was
thinking of a favorite animal
ain't nothing random I was thinking of
an animal and she had that right dancer
was like a shout out to know he has
Sleiman for guessing the superhero that
I was thinking of which was Captain
Underpants yes he was a superhero and
are here you got a right so good job
high five high five round four winner
was
pen not sure exactly what I'm sorry if I
mistake your name and the question I
asked was what two colors is Adams shirt
that he's wearing right now you have the
clothes were black and white around 5 m
KR m ke
i'm katie it says unknown on it but he
or she got it the question was what was
sheiks favorite car it wasn't a 1928
station wagon but it was a BMW in 1949
BMW round six I said we just ate lunch
what was it
the answer was biryani yeah I took Adam
out and I fed him some biryani and the
winner that got that right was AC ninja
I mean that's there anyone Twitter but
her name on twitter is desi ninja are
also known as no dzifa you know dzifa
russian round seven you have to tweet
the lie the out of these three facts are
or false or lines and it was the lie was
that Sheikh is older than me he isn't
only me I'm actually older than him and
Arab status Arab status on Twitter got
it right so shoutout to Arab status was
good fun man all 15 she had a right I
was thinking of Rebecca Black a lot of
people accuse her of not being a singer
cuz she's like oh she can't sing this
and that excuse me but yeah she is a
singer she's great singer and I respect
it because she start out from the down
low and she's she's going up to lighter
round nine I was thinking of an actor
and it was Will Smith and my homeboy
Nazim right man got a right so shout-out
to you in his ear my man and the final
round
what is the favor number of me and Adam
if you guys knows well we always say
this since it's our birthdays Albert is
June 4th my birthday's November 4 our
favorite number is 4 and the person that
got her right was Erica Vince at T not
sure but another person I was here
mementos to shout out to her and thank
you guys for participating for the true
story a sa I'm a Twitter contest if you
guys will be doing a lot more so you
guys can a lot more of you can win
we can give you that shout out to so
make sure you guys follow us on twitter
the links are below and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
peace take care and much love
