hey guys so we're right now in a
restaurant we're so bored so we're gonna
just chill here for a while and doing
huh what did you I passed the iPad we've
all right coffee can Orangina you come
from you never used to get Paulson
lassika I got pasta with salad I heard
salads very good plea help well yeah we
got a little bit of salad whose evening
so yeah we just came from back in DC the
first time chilly in New York after so
long
huh did you miss New York Oh a little
okay do that to show you guys look for
look right here it's not tell me what
this looks like we're sort of like time
are you like because here - that's a
Lucy oh we saw a couple comments some
people said that look like me leave in
the comments below does it look like my
eyes I'm gonna make Adam wear a pink
niqab like that and then I'm not sure
you guys day does look like hi so we're
back in New York City are you happy to
me that now honest I want the same DC a
bit longer
alright because I've been here for over
20 years so it's kind of like boring
it's just that I'm not I Love New York's
my hometown but it's just really colder
than what it is much too easy even
though Washington DC is like five
degrees warmer but you feel that five
degrees warmer but yeah we have a place
that we're going to go to next week and
we said if our last block the DC flag
gets 4,000 thumbs up so we'll tell you
guys where we're going and it's a place
somewhere that's really warm it's not
somewhere else cold and it's somewhere
that I doubt shut up shut up and it's a
place for work it will give you guys
it's best to survive it doesn't
everything basically I didn't order it
is it no there's no we're just comment
below what do you think it's hard to
thumbs up our last blog and we'll let
you guys know I wonder how they take
those teddy bears home here he put in
the bag dude
not really like who buys these if any of
you guys have this how do you take a
home like you carry home or like you put
it somewhere where say something say
something I'm giving up on you see an
example oh look look look
now yes continues I know I'm not going
to these amazing twinsies
go as innocent why do Todd yes I know he
talks let soltahr tell you more euros
old Dodd is here father here twinsies
come on man so right now being in a
jungle this is a very dangerous jungle
that not many people can see behind me
as you can see is a monkey he is a
monkey that if anything gets much
everyone knows him he is known for
eating bananas from people's shoulder
one time I came to him
I said hi to him and he dropped me to
the floor he ate my nose he thing he had
his banana Vinny ate it but I'm the leg
after fix oh he is scary yeah you want
touch you can touch don't worry not
going easy you go might be nothing what
happened
okay we bite me all is the monkey try oh
happy with Belize don't scare in danger
something I'll give you one slap slap
all the bengali of you okay that is not
good oh hi Vivi hi - monkey go go
and this is a another thing it's called
a business called this is the three
right squad three no no Josh you know
how long it takes a drop to throw up it
takes him at least three hours it takes
three hours to go up this thing and
throw ho take my wife like two minutes
who is that with the big things over
there he has nice big so big yeah oh my
gosh and this is his son actually this
is this and this is the mummy you look
little like you which one this one yeah
twinsies nice very good right now excuse
me is that a boy or girl
huh where's this yeah I know the guy huh
there to me find out for you come let me
find out I'm going to find out
it is a guy it's a guy have you forgot
it's good and we have another animal
right here
who who is he he's in live animal yes it
was well it didn't follow huh are you
home sorry do you know where Adam is oh
oh my god the monkey gave birth it's a
boy Oh what's happening the monkey has
seen his prey
he's running into the fray oh no he's
not he is making out with the gorilla
have my magic stick over there there
make you vanish okay go there go back go
back then guardian lovey OSA bring back
shake awkward what just happened I don't
know
have a good night
if the stick please don't do Xena please
no please Peter see I will do it and I
will never bring you back to life say I
love Adam I love that I love you Adam I
love you I love you Adam son I don't
know I think I just woke up about a
couple hours ago and Rima is still
sleeping
yesterday I got back to New York from
Washington DC late at night so she was
sleeping but she woke up early today
that went back to sleep so I'm waiting
so she wakes up so I can surprise her
having seen her so long I miss her so
much and I want to see her reaction when
I when she comes in so I told my niece
Hilah to bring her out here when I knock
or yelling her name or something I'm
gonna hide over there and I'm gonna see
what what happens I don't know
last time when I came back from Canada
she just like slammed the door on me
hopefully this time it isn't like that
Rima
Reema this dude I was going through our
pure box and one of them was this huge
package from Sarah Khan and when I
opened it it was this amazing piece of
art it says it says a Amman on it
it means like faith and yeah that's and
she gave this is so beautiful like like
I know it takes a lot of work because it
like so much different designs and while
it's just so beautiful and right behind
it has a su shade from Sarah and says
thanks for giving me a man with faith
come straight wow this is honestly a
beautiful piece of art I have to hang
this up and along with the cane this
letter she said go through the onion she
wrote like over over a hundred onion and
inside is chocolate I don't know how she
knew but I love white chocolates white
child is my favorite that's the only
chocolatey and then there's a letter hey
shake I just want to start up and let
you know how much in love your videos
your vlogs are transformational and
challenge I'm gonna read the rest right
after this and I just have to find a
place to put them probably will put this
up up here like that
oh yeah I was in Prague fit up there put
a nail linking so thank you so much -
Sarah Khan this was an amazing gift that
you gave me and yeah our pure boxes
right here pay about 6:30 New York New
York one zero zero to nine you could
write either my name or Adams me my name
is right there and have names you know
I'm sorry
hi guys it's time to wrap up this vlog
hope you guys all enjoyed this flag we
will be having a new video on our may
channel real soon because it is finally
getting warmer in New York and the days
are getting a little longer in New York
you know it's not getting dark as quick
and days doesn't feel like it's going to
waste so much Allah will be having
videos soon
as for now vlogs Instagram videos for
you guys pictures and I don't know
tweets and I just want to give a huge
shout out to all the fan accounts that
you guys make on Twitter Facebook and
Instagram and all the collages you guys
make all just all the stuff you guys you
guys have some really cool and like
unique like fan pictures you guys make
it's really it's really entertaining and
funny like I saw one doth shake you know
says he wants to be president somebody
did an Instagram picture of shake on one
hundred dollar bill as a president and
you guys do collages of like the
Instagram videos mean Rima do and put
like hearts on it it's so cute I don't
know I find it so like so cool and I
really appreciate that so much so thank
you seriously thank you for that and
we'll see you guys tomorrow take care
peace
