so outside it's an ugly ugly day you
look at my sympathy look that beautiful
oh that looks nice and it looks like
Mars is coming down a well it looks like
a planet is coming down like aliens look
like aliens are coming down to earth but
it's nice actually but that look hot did
you get know what is that what is wrong
this move a little so now like it's five
guess what it is fine thank you oh my
god there's a big fire yo does they get
crazy the fire here we're gonna go into
the fire no I'm safe
like I'm going in the back yes this is
thick you look I'm going in yeah you go
back this is like the world is ending
this is so scary aliens are coming down
with time yo guys we're vlogging in the
fagin we're in the middle of the fire
right now and it's going Craig Peyer
just really foggy here I don't know what
it is you know those stuff that comes
it's like oh good yeah okay pass me a
remote we're in Macy's come semanas
watching TV right now we're just here
using the Wi-Fi freeloading on Macy's
Wi-Fi and a lot of stuff has been
happening right now so shine bright like
a diamond I feel I feel much better and
the reason why I got sick because I
think if he was pregnant as my hyung
delayed the girl
I think this I think it's Karma I mean
fun and when he was throwing up and you
got sick and then the next day I got
sick I don't know where then I just
started throwing up and I don't know
what happened I was a while stirring up
I was thinking my head like this is what
I get for laughing with shake and cuz I
having are sick for a really long time
and that's what I get for that punch I'm
sorry
it's okay karma got to me but I'm sorry
I think you even though you're an ass
you put up in yesterday's vlog Alex I
gonna do your karma got a fix on it
covered so we just came back from the
gym and then it was meant to take we
went to our photo shoot because we need
a picture for our movie poster that the
movies coming out in right before Eid
which is before on yay
we don't know yet but we just we're
gonna start filming like May 25th after
May 20 when we start shooting the film
and our parts of the season so yeah
that's that's our update with us and you
know we took a lot of pictures for that
for our photo shoot
what great the photo shoot is for the
movie poster so when the movie poster
comes out we're gonna put it up on our
Twitter's in history and show you guys
it was a really fun time but now we're
here at Macy's is something crazy
happening me I would say you guys are
asked
like oh my god is gonna be sure it's
gonna be played in New York I'm gonna be
playing at UK is even playing Malaysia
yeah it's actually gonna be played in a
lot of places like it see me screen in a
lot of places so probably we gonna come
to yours what we're gonna do is we're
gonna go all around the world to promote
the movie so we're probably gonna go to
your town so so yeah yeah we're gonna go
to your house go to sleep now it's gonna
be played in movie theaters it's gonna
be played I know in movie theater so
which other everything goes great we're
going step by step little by little so
hopefully and you guys are by size
hopefully everything goes great we have
a lot of big things coming we're going
to Washington DC tomorrow well today
right now while you guys are watching
we'll probably on our way to Washington
DC we have what we have interview there
yeah we're doing an interview with with
Dean TV no cuz the kids in my head won't
ask me another fight for answer your
answer cuz now I remember that's why I
have an interview there and Plus which
is gonna have fun in Washington DC n I'm
trying to do the belly dance thingy in
the White House
but Obama's gonna come out and kick
everybody's butt some I found me if I'm
my family has been saying no our
production with is telling me no because
a lot of security there and is there
gonna be suspicious so I'm asked you
guys should I do it or should I not coz
I only listen to you guys I don't listen
to you like one time I put my Buble on
the ground like right from the White
House and the security went crazy like
oh my god I take up new people and take
it out here that's like the one thing
I'm worried about Fedora I don't wanna
get in trouble like wearing all that in
the White House so you guys know you
know in the comments below should I do
it should I not comment because I'm
gonna be reading your comments and doing
it so all right so as let me take us a
start what happened here at Macy's the
other day I so mean am I supposed to
meet up in H&M the other day and he
didn't show up so I went up to Macy's at
like I don't have to Macy's to the ninth
floor so I can relax and stuff because
he didn't he didn't show up and while I
was going up there was a there was a guy
who was it there was a guy a
transvestite good worker here and then
he she kept following me I have nothing
against Jemma said hey she kept
following me and telling me oh you look
nice where are you from that's a Middle
East yeah I'm Anderson oh my god I love
people from there they after they like
where you going I'll say I'm going to
the ninth floor I'm sit on it and on the
sofas I'm gonna I'm gonna wait to my
friend comes
then he/she I don't say he or she he she
said um oh okay I'll go with you
upstairs I have lunch break I'll hang
out with you and I was like I didn't
know what to say then I called Sheik I
call chick the chick was I was like girl
shake what you got
he's that this guy okay I'm gonna go
down and after that when I came down he
she was like he he she was he was born
he he he she was like oh I'm gonna take
you downstairs let me just take you
downstairs stop I kept being like
worried this person was like stalking me
and her like following me and then after
that while going down the escalator this
person starts like um he he she puts a
hand on the escalator and he she's one
step under the escalator and then while
while he/she was talking to me oh my god
he she told me um you should write my
number down you know you can hang out
tonight after 8:30 I was like no no I'm
okay I'm okay don't worry about it I'm
okay then you know write it down write
it down then after that uh I was like no
no no I laugh does it not honor then
then he should throw out I was like a
joke and then he she put her in here put
her elbow put his elbow on my crunch and
my I'm on my crotch then I got I got I
kind of like screamed screamed and
pushed like pushed him off like away
from me and then he she fell down the
escalator and it wasn't my fault
the he she was Center harassing me to
touch my thingy then I pushed him off
and then when I pushed him off everybody
around me bought up I pushed a girl it's
not a girl it's a guy and then after
that the this lady was like what me do
it to the young lady I'm like no that's
a man this man was harassing me
this man was trying to touch my thing
he's it's man has been following me for
the past ten minutes isn't that then
after that like security and the cops
came then I just I ran off and I don't
know what happened then you know went up
he did a mistake
he's my mistake this he/she person
offered him free Macy's gift card and he
said no to that seriously the issue
person was like I'll give for you Macy's
gift card yeah you Dacey's man how do
you how do you say no
like that that's like the perfect that
that was one of a crazy scary experience
and under that everything is normal now
it was just all so unexpected and random
in yeah and those are all of this happen
because shake was he was late or now is
I mean I am reading color the princess
you're making her beautiful you like the
princess a baby see amazing
alright give him a kiss a bye say see
you hanky see no see yeah I like Henry
misses it's a it's a business say Biss
yeah got it that's my colleague let's go
alright guys so it's time to wrap up
this blog hope you guys all enjoyed this
flag we had a long day today we went to
the gym and after that we had a photo
shoot for the movie posters and then we
just hung out and now we got a pack it's
around 2 a.m. right now and I still have
to pack my stuff and yeah we're heading
to Washington DC tomorrow for an
interview on basically true story a
essay so we're looking forward to that
and we're looking forward to going back
to Washington DC and I'm still thinking
I don't know if I should do the belly
dancing in uh in the White House I mean
around the White House I don't know it's
just kind of risky but I really want to
do it if I pull it off it can it can go
cool cool so thank you guys for always
watching this blog and for always going
Turkey on these vlogs you always want to
keep you updated every single day not
just with vlogs but also with an
Instagram and Twitter so if you guys
want to follow us on Instagram or
Twitter the links are below
we do have a main channel video coming
really soon just once this weather is
get so much better because then the East
Coast right now is just snowing and just
crazy right now so so much although with
our patience and your patience
everything will go great and you will
see you guys on Sunday and Washington DC
take care and peace
