all right so what are we gonna do right
now is we're gonna have the spicy pepper
challenge you guys probably with the
help peppers are very spicy so I alright
whatever it's called we're gonna do the
challenge right now
he's in the I won I'm gonna go when he's
gonna go on and she's gonna get one
we're gonna try to eat the whole pepper
without screaming can you guys do that I
can't can you do that yeah can you do
that
alright let's see how this go ready so
here I have the bag full of pepper my
mom has like a lot of them and we got
milk in the back there's only two
there's only two cups so you to share me
to us to share yeah I'm right here
- okay we're gonna eat this right now
don't start when I say go ready three
two
no the milk is the best part after you
it seems really good out there three two
one no debate so we'll leave it it of
course did you it look how much you got
such a cheery this golf I know G we have
one left to them IG Joe I seen it your
dish is ready he's actually eating you
swallow
yeah slowly have you got to swallow if
you want to feel rich
can't your anything's is it ready yeah
you done with the whole thing
oh I put my lipstick stain all over it
okay we have a winner
move back you back movement : we have a
winner I can't believe you actually ate
the whole thing
no you're not winning you're losing you
look he ate the whole thing high-five
hair milk was eating nicey-nicey man I
do it backwards hey cheater well might
have my office already
yeah but but prophecy you actually paid
the whole thing I couldn't mean that
mighty couldn't even do that
oh my god but still congrats with me
that you pass my other little brother
that I've never shown on the blogs but
he's about to take the challenge go you
have to eat the whole thing if you win
the whole thing you're a man it's all oh
this is good
now yep ceiling good that's where the
game you have to stay like that for a
good five minutes what happen I thought
it was good look at me well no why do
you know I said I love your videos
what's the frizziness hours sorry what's
the phrase videos up I don't remember
actually it was a long time ago
what's your favorite one
there we'll go that way from Sonic thank
yes ma'am thank you so right now I'm
with slim and Kareem we're on the middle
of oh you know we came late cuz of
someone because of me this is you shake
you kept me waiting in the out excuses
excuse my surprised by this guy's beard
look at it like it
we've been on unit for how long for
almost three hours no well I've been on
it for two hours and we just started so
we're going into three hours so they can
be another hour why does she get to do
sexy things you do have a funny face and
so we just started playing creams we and
guess what I'm actually beating cream
it's total BS soon
I'm really mad because I've been playing
this and all of a sudden you know look
alright man you're gonna see in the
video like it's being recorded right now
I was so close to taking the chair and
then this guy takes it away from me and
we both focus here cream anthem guys
that's right I'm gonna come back I'm
gonna come back hey let's see by the
time we're done with this if cream does
come back that's me right there and the
game is over and unfortunately me and
slim did not win the winner was
unfortunately oh yeah they tell me I'm
your loss too I won thank you very much
I wanna be my shiny bald head one boy
yeah so more of the story is don't
underestimate a loser know what that's
supposed to mean meanie I was like a
very good game bro I'm not a loser
and that's the end of the vlog be sure
like this video thumbs up and go to
Ghana and the likes I just got home and
I'm just gonna go home and see I'm so
tired right now but yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed and I hope out of feels better
and yeah that's a wrap
