you're a pump for that man you brought
your mom on me man you boy you're
freaking mom on me hold me back man hey
man this shit's on my boy hey guys
what's up and do me yank I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day a doobie gang
I'm with the homies slim and the key
would you get back to give us down get
back okay goodbye I got this I need a
haircut bro it's too close when we say
so that guy's slim oh so you'll get a
haircut so I decided you know once again
messing with Adam outside while slim is
getting a haircut so let's go outside
explore I'm a New York City and let's
have some fun today you ready hey guys
we're looking for a barbershop for slim
slim is cheating on his barber oh my god
man these customers ain't loyal
hi guys slim is at the barbershop right
now he's going next
I'm telling you slim they're gonna mess
up your hair like Australia I told me
please up up here that's it up so the
guy didn't allow us to film so I
couldn't do my messing with Adam but
slim just got his beard messed up see he
made it really thin look a lot of
overdressed me man I'll go to my barber
hey I'm about to have some food here in
the deli we're at the best sandwich
maker here in New York City and watch TV
Yeah right I know
hi guys we're bout to you right now slim
keeps telling me that he got a surprise
for me I don't know if it's bad or good
but he said it's like the biggest
surprise the biggest announcement of his
life and he has to make it today and it
keeps earth can you tell me the freakin
announcement this personal wrong it's
the crazy it's pretty crazy like how
crazy you want 3:10 changed you just
like just like I couldn't believe it
wrong you know I no way I literally
could leave out
tell me clean I'm out wait a few hours
as you can tell me later and he's gonna
film my reaction so I hope it's good is
it good huh it's a good or bad honesty
oh you don't know tell me it's worth the
wait
if you don't tell me I'm getting
embarrassing for everyone I'm on the
move to get embarrassment oh we need
some incentive sure he's mean he's not
just asking a question
my friend has a really big crush on you
they're like yeah but he's dating her
and him Sofia so he said it was okay he
said maybe next time you're stupid well
my girl now he's gonna hit me I'll beat
the hell out of you I'm not me he's
gonna beat me up yeah getting frozen
yogurt slow keeps hating my bunny it
doesn't look good be honest that's
enough thank you so much cause it looks
fucking stupid I'm with you and then all
these girls like you know I can put my
zine let's take it off so the thing is
his ears can never come on you know
that's what girls that wear lingerie so
you know look at it your name was
I said of the rock man since Sora
Italian I'm da man
seriously I said in English
yeah aid the right ham Molson saleh the
third I'm through our pan Muhammad your
hair sada tada do you know what I said
her nose and yogurt a
guys a huge thank you to Sonia what's
your name
Gina thank you guys they gave me a free
frozen yogurt it says thank you so much
whenever I meet you guys you guys always
give me like free stuff for like gifts
please stop doing that all I want is
your support and your love it feels so
awkward when I'm like oh yeah okay fine
because you got to end up getting mad at
me because I didn't except for you guys
giving me like I don't know gifts or
whatever but um ah yeah thank you guys
so much
oh yeah next time all I need is your
love and support that's what means the
most to me that's it tell me tell me
tell me tell me
I've been hours and hours I've been
passed by like I'll go back right now
I'll tell you right now it's time right
now okay you don't stop so I need some
feisty broad and I want to know that
were still I'm a little bit teased me
about purpose like like 3-4 hours you
brought I just thought it would be
better for me to tell you back home
Adu me gang I'm with the homie slim I'm
about to react to a video and I always
need slim with me because the best
person to get a reaction like if
everyone do a magic trick or do anything
to cause a reaction a slim is the best
person to react he just has the funniest
reactions ever so if you guys do not
know my friend Ahmed from the I am
Eduardo channel I'm his mom
her name is mama G she is like my
favorite person ever she reacted to all
you can handle
Hamid you're a pump for that man you
brought your mom on me man you bought
your freaking mom on me call me back man
this shit man waste it on my boy Bo it's
all good it's all good
let's have some fun and watch it ready
further okay let's get now
okay okay okay okay
okay
which is gonna check their baby and I'm
just their baby is something air do it
what does that mean if anyone knows what
that means leaving a Bollywood movie
we're heroes by the killer husband
I don't know but leaving the comments
below whatever you think that means for
you do be gay oh my god seriously mama G
just made my whole day mama Jean Ahmed
your reaction was so so funny it's
literally the top out there with slim it
was so freaking hilarious mama G I love
you so much
and I miss you so much and thank you so
much for going you know going easy on me
not roasting me too hard she just
roasted me just just a little bit you
know but thank you so much baby girl I
love you so much and when I'm in too
late I want to see you also do me yank
tomorrow I'm finally finally finally and
I'm saying to all you can handle
see the signing winner tomorrow but
right now I'm waiting so slim tells me
you know like what's what does he want
to tell me so I'm waiting I'm gonna tell
you right now are you in record and tell
me now it's finally time yes time hi
guys he's gonna film it and tell me okay
ready do I need like water or anything
I'm I'm gonna hit you am I gonna swing
am I gonna you know say I'm not you're
gonna take a how you you tell you the
way you're gonna take a sure I okay yeah
I'm so nervous well it's okay to see
let's see
slim just told me the thing he wanted to
tell me I'm not gonna stay here but I am
freakin speechless and I can't believe
it so pretty much what no ma'am we
farted oh that stinks man oh my god I
cannot cannot believe it if you guys
want to know what it is um you guys
we'll see you on it shed the link will
be down below it's really really crazy
and there's like proven fact that is
true and to be honest in a way I'm not
that shocked because I expected it to
happen but at the same time I'm shocked
but um yeah do me I'm gonna end the vlog
here if you guys enjoyed it make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so much always good luck
thumbs up what we subscribe to me and
slim who always comment always tweet us
both of us seriously means I'm always
appreciate all your love and support
thank you guys so much for everything
you guys always do and I'm uh yeah we
always work hard for you guys every
single day trying to give you guys the
best trying to make you guys smile so
aman and now now i feel like we're more
than like partner in crimes were more
than yeah they'll see you oh my god i
don't want to say but i'll speak about
it more the next week because it's
pretty like it's pretty crazy we got to
dig deep into it a lot more you know so
i'm yeah do me I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care and peace I like where you
been where you been I've been waiting
here the whole time for you I've been
waiting here a long time for you you've
been missing
