hey guys what's up right now where I
Dunkin Donuts getting a coffee munches
on they're gonna go to the gym and work
out we haven't worked out so long and
you just need to start getting back to
working out with stuff cuz we paid for
the Jim Buckley and we barely even go
there so we have a contract for the gym
like the other source say that we're
forced to 12 months we can't leave 12
months like I don't know it's like they
they're forcing a workout yeah we're
going to go there and we're gonna work
out I'm gonna get my ass back yeah
actually you know Lizzie spill okay oh
yeah positions so yeah it was going away
because he was too lazy to go work out
so if we didn't go back and I'm gonna
get it back which I'll lock and yeah i'm
still looking for a gym buddy you guys
are still hiring I'm not geissele re if
you guys still want because my one here
is lazy so somebody here just hit me up
no yo should i go worries again whenever
it at the only time he works out extra
hard is whenever a girl passes by him
and he's like bezel i believe that if
it's not was just my name is a homie i'm
so tired let's just see come on let's
just go ahead out come on good here on
twitter and zayn malik's barely on
twitter he barely tweets and visa he's a
gangster i don't know why i tweeted that
boy tweeted he said ask me if i give him
a fucked up ask me what asked me if I
give up
hey I kept asking me if I give a mother
oh oh my goodness Zayn Malik on well he
must be really she lost a mother's 12
million and the high five so you say I
don't get wise in my life is the lowest
he deserves a lot more parties are like
20 from 20 million feller oh man
hello everyone my name is comfort Erik
Jones and today we have a special guest
on our show he was walking around the
streets of New York so we decided to
interview him let's see how this goes
before we start what is your name
Islamic my name is Ali awkward abdullah
raja bin subject oddly that is a long
but very nice name where you from I am
from luckily Bangladesh it I'm from a
small village I limitedly how you get
there you go cross the river you going
to see a huge mountain go cross nah she
don't don't go CrossFit engines you go
around it and then you want to cross the
forest huge forest you go across the
forage and then you were going to see a
small village you make a left on the
first bedroom make a left i am from
there it is so are we are you married
yes I'm actually married to a very
beautiful woman custom bro she's very
hot but you know I actually wanted to
marry a second one but my first one she
was going crazy she bidding me he
yelling at me so I could not get a
second one what okay so you're scared of
your wife what do you mean of course not
bunny hello John yes I totally I'm
coming I know listen I'm very sorry okay
no home please don't burn my biryani
don't ban it listen I mean I'm come no
come on go Oh denied okay I'm never I'm
never coming okay never coming late
again I'd sure okay okay thank thank you
so much yes I promise baby ok ok ok ok I
love this
you know what she was telling me she was
telling me don't come home late who is
she thinking she is she's telling me not
to come late you know what I did I
yelled at right now I told her don't
tell me what to do she said okay that is
why I catch it on and hanged up on her
thinking she is the boss or something
okay anyways however in Bangladesh I am
44 but in America item 23 okay this is
off topic but according to papers South
Asia does not have a name in the world
do you have anything to say against this
verily routines nonsense let me tell you
something you know bangladesh has
longest peach in the whole wide world
who is Miss America right now it is an
Indian girl and also who is the world's
youngest microsoft certified
professional yes it is a Pakistani girl
okay and you were telling me we have no
name you you are probably reading TMZ
they always lie TMZ must be TMZ those
some very good points my next question
is what is something that you want to do
in the future I want my son to have a
better wedding then my brother's
daughter you know what he did he's
thinking he's cooled by renting out some
mansion and having a huge shoddy and
wetting any thinking is cool but you
know what i am going to rent out the
whole new york if I have to and get my
son best buddy all right I got that
noted um so that's all the time we have
for the interview is there anything
you'd like to tell the audience ali
akbar whatever your name is uh yes I
talked it to our audience okay and that
is the end of the interview and also the
end of the vlog be sure to give this
video a thumbs up and go be dyani on the
likes and that's a wrap peace you know a
little bit dancing may I will show you
not better yeah just small preview free
of charge don't worry
