hey guys what's up today I just left
class and I went to UM shakes College
because we're gonna be filming here and
yeah thank goodness our colleges are
kind of close to each other so when I
left it didn't take me that long and I'm
having a freaking long day because I
have so much classes today and yeah
we're gonna be filming the back to
school video for you guys and hopefully
all goes well this is where we film at
the funny thing is we're not even
supposed to film here we just like sneak
in from room to room sometimes it was
really fun alright so this is what
happen what happen
all right world's gonna end this first
world problems over alright so this what
happened like about three weeks ago
shake had one gray hair and I plucked it
out and he told me to that he said
let's no I did not tell you okay I
plugged it up and I wanted to do an
experiment you know people say if you
pluck one out you get two and wanted to
see if that was true so plucked one out
three weeks later it's two now and it's
true look color but close sail away
don't plug it up I'm not that's one
that's the new one this was the old one
I grow again I'm see huh you see it yeah
a little bit yeah yeah like you know you
Casey I'm not talking about children cs2
going so sorry yeah I just think I
listen up she'll stop let's finish the
experiment we got the results no let's
finish the experiment stick it out you
know I got my navigator brothers sisters
today we'll be having a competition
brother till you stopped three more
where we'll be competing against
yo let's take a skateboard I love you
here alright so we just got done um ah
now we didn't get done filming we got
we're halfway done filming we're going
to finish the we've got a long long day
of classes today so we're going to
finish the video maybe like next week or
in a couple days but right now since
we're I'm a sister II promise this at
Ramadan we're gonna have this quran
competition when I shake Akbar and Adam
solid will be competing and who could
beat the best
okay stop oh oh oh my god we should end
this off and the day off for the Quranic
competition and you guys high five not
gonna happen it's like I don't know you
guys decide who read it better I don't
pronounce a better who had a better
prize so it's quite a competition you
guys are going to decide who wins in the
comments below either Adam or Sheikh you
guys are going to desire I don't know
and you don't know
Oh God Yong chol we're gonna get this
popping we're gonna get to started and
whether we get a spectrum on the sisters
we will now begin the quran competition
where have the good on competition right
now and we are going to see who's going
to be the winner further because we used
to go to islamic school and we say have
quran competitions and now we're going
to have a karate competition for you
guys to decide and and was rowing
starting the Middle East is atom solid
representing South Asia is shake up
burden if you guys if you guys are not
the most limits okay it's something
really beautiful to listen to in here so
all jokes Assessors I'm gonna be I'm
reciting surah yousuf he's going to be
reciting us yeah so did Yasin so brother
mashallah love you so much mrs. mrs.
investor said it with may the best for
cider win couple easy to handle Capcom
said I don't do the doctor my man shayok
body's about to go up right now going
Surat Yasin and we are he's not
memorized it I don't know why but he's
gonna ha mashallah go banana Shaitaan in
regime bismillah al rahman and rahim yes
in one local hockey in a column in a
morsel in a la serie a team gnostic e10
jealousies rahim Linton's Erica mama MZ
Robin off you loo look at the hawk
Kalakaua
sorry follow you manone in Adana fear on
akima clarify yellow a scornful Mahone
wahala me by any ID him Saddam in Hall
Finn's at the auction album father lives
hero was a weapon on AHIMA uncertain on
lanten's Aruna ukemi known in Namit on
Juno Moneta bazooka rava foramen ovale
gaped favour she Ruby McPhee rotten I
didn't Karim Allah Masha Allah
that was really good yeah it's gonna be
hard but hopefully we get this you got
this inshallah I know actually know some
of it but forgive me for not knowing
most of it I'm just gonna it's gonna be
short and sweet and I'm gonna do banaji
min ash-shaytaan-i'r rajeem
bismillahirrahmanirrahim and if love
raw chicken ayatollah eatable movie in
ananza nano quran in arabic allah come
to a non non una cosa lekha sanon pöö
Sasabe Mahina be my oh hai na na can
handle on an away no consuming public
lemon wah fini
it's funny yusuf an idea abotu mini
right i share a coke kappa my sham see
when you come I relate so homely Sanjay
Dean said of a lot of Adi Rachel oh that
was beautiful like I was like mmm I
stopped like I was in Saudi Arabia no
I'm sorry see that ah yoloz market okay
so we just got done doing to put out a
competition brother masha'Allah good job
no worries yeah alright so leave in the
comments below let us know who you think
won this Quranic competition and don't
judge us because something this is
something that we still do in AMA in
Islamic school and we decided to bring
it back and do it on YouTube for you
guys to see in a safe locks and yeah ah
stop your hair you will oh oh
gardenias don't you gimme gimme ends up
giving it i'm just gimme gimme gimme
Oh rimas here Rima holes is here say
Hilah huh Hannah is right right here
see hi see where have you been you
haven't been you for like so long but
Hamza get up centre sleepy why do you
see me get up
I go to sleep I get final class I look
like what Bible class I started about 30
what in the morning yeah you go to sleep
no you don't you got it all wrong do you
sleep like satedan some days my school
days after sleep at dawn yeah oh you
don't seem so you don't look at the time
right in here
it's just mustache you can wash it off
huh shape II that's nothing you could
sharp it off uh some movie like that mm
die hmm
Bello oh my goodness you don't move me
move so much oh my freaking God your
buddy human stop and she does it more
okay Heather come you like it take a
selfie
singsong give them a kiss room you have
a get into kisses so long I say give
this video thumbs up three Mallick say
thumbs up thumbs up so give this video a
thumbs up cuz Rima said give it a thumbs
up and Rima is the boss right who's the
boss you arena me get on your knees turn
around get AI knees both knees but Jays
up again I will shoot you Turner
ah this teaches oh well here : check by
me this is college she brought me tis
the cafe he said this spot is really
nice and where all the magic happens
what do you mean destroy everything all
the ladies chair romantic okay so right
now I'm gonna hop over eight chairs did
I make it so Lola
like anymore you think i'ma and I feel
like this we can break your leg right
you serious
I don't know I'm kind of worried because
I got boots on I'm gonna go barefoot the
door oh yeah
already
okay yeah
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed this quran
competition vlog make sure you put your
comments below
and give this video a thumbs up if you
guys enjoyed this a a daily vlogs every
day and go Turkey I want you guys go
turkey with this one seriously yeah no
video will be up and maybe a week
because we had a long day in class today
and we filmed half of it and we got to
film the next in a couple more days so
yeah stay tuned for that so see you guys
on Sunday because as we said that
Saturdays we don't have any vlogs daily
vlog Saturday is gonna be like a day off
we're gonna take our rest so we'll see
you guys Sunday thank you guys so much
for all the love and support you guys
are amazing there's nothing better than
team a Si and do me again you guys
seriously go so hard and like no you
guys so dedicated thank you guys so much
for everything and for all your support
we'll see you guys Sunday take care and
peace
member
