hey guys what's up so I'm at cream
scribble right now and I'm a special
guest on his you now that's right about
the start it's gonna be fun
sorry for the mess though my place is a
mess because I understand my brother
routine what time Oh like assure you
Thanks been thorough three oh man
another fire becomes classic book
alright so yeah we're gonna be on you
now and a few and despite my first time
and on my second time and you know we'll
see what's up and how it goes and yeah
this is right there I don't know
Theo sir let me go see it alright I want
you guys to be on the is a lot tomorrow
- so go sir can't thumbs up and just
give yourself a shadow if you guys want
to so si si Han is Zack Nikita
um I'm Nessa Hara Syed Ali Deena there
you go they're gonna be in the vlog
company I think Deena's door is marina
Noir
yeah thank you so mega love you I love
you Hannah shout-out to Hannah shut up
to you so we just got done with the you
now and it was an amazing doing out
thank you so much to cream for making me
especially out man and it was um we had
like a nice belly dance off and he had a
really good say man this guy not had
dance really not either really grandmas
choreography - and right now he's gonna
play with the Wii U and I see you how
what's up yeah you got the Wii U and
he's gonna play the controller look at
this guy he's good boy can I continue
you think it looks like me he looks just
like you I swear to God look look
kissing look here look there oh my god
yeah how did it you made yourself which
is like they don't you tick you use this
camera right here and you take a picture
of yourself and then it actually are
really serious yeah and then it just got
your face like that yep can you do it I
can do to me nothing yeah seriously I'm
just doing right now alright so I'm
gonna put my face on the Wii U and let's
see if I could come as me go see what it
is I'm excited for it ready here we go
alright so you just click from a photo
yeah I show this with it
how does not send it you have to press
the stamp buddy oh wow that's your
pictures on there oh I got my face huh
this thing is cool of it and I'll see
how you look
what the hell of it
that looks nothing like me what the heck
No why did they make me like that huh
yeah she fixed it up a little
oh my goodness it leaving the comments
below let me know if this looks like you
thing looks like me I think you kind of
do I'm kind of fixing him up right now
make him a little more like you hang his
eyebrows what about the eyes fixed eyes
a little bit like I don't like a mean
guy what the hell
too much Louis what the heck no all
right how about we go yeah as much with
it I'm cool
I now looks a little like yeah yeah this
is thinking is cool it may come over
short now what is that although it's
always Oliver and there you go nobody
seen average height that's that's how
fatty it down you got yourself as a
background then you love yourself so
much
look at this guy Instagram I'm gonna
follow us in histograms below right
there it looks so different
what the heck got more like your own
photo is we're gonna make these two
series talk such a ghetto Bank my only
Chase Bank right there okay all right
series say hi okay
huh-huh series say hi to my friend what
is your friend's name
I prefer not to say I don't know what
you mean by I prefer not to say what the
heck you got the Jonas Brothers yeah we
heard Orion I get down tour right now
yeah we guys going next - drifter 100
did you guys know if I walk around in
the streets of New York like this I will
get shot and die because this is a gang
tip and dinner it's a blood gang and you
will die
poker looks nice huh yeah look nice
did you say that sorta buy it hey I'm
gonna give you I'm gonna give you some
system I mean sure as somebody sent you
it says hold it up says Yolo notice this
is live in Emma something I don't know
looks nice to see thank you
no not thank you Adam say Thank You
hodge are any good
Thank You Hajar if you want more your
fan mail you sit back ok say ok three
movies X ring was extra nice when she
wants to get her fan mail okay you ready
sit back see I'm I'm I'm a good good
girl good the groomer loves presents
since you can still get efficiencies
take it up to see whatever she takes out
of this she loves the most
dreamin look she give you more stuff Wow
say thank you read my love it so much
and we appreciate it so much thank you
so much to Asif Patel you're amazing and
really somebody shouldn't do huh kiss it
get a kiss yeah we send a snapchat to a
huge fan and now he's going crazy and my
little surprise realize Adam and Shake
were in the snap for it
oh no together
Hey
okay I'm gonna make my mashed potatoes
look like an AH seat and I see there's a
famous Yemeni food and if you guys have
not known
I am from there and I would make it I'm
gonna make it look like a Caesar salad
ready I make it look like I'll see you
watch this and this is the met up right
there it goes like this
yup this is Aussie looks like it's
exactly what it looks like it I'm nice
man I'm just me I'll see you eat with
your hand right now we chillin with you
homie we just met him here and he just
left college or in the train I'm chillin
I don't know who he is but
I lost a galleon examinee so that's that
that's the oh he's way out there yet
that's out of a shape right there we
need a Gyptian water
Oh
move up to the phone
the walk is if you
yeah
in the new car that I just got and yeah
it's pretty sick and I was gonna give me
a ride in it - if I knew if any of you
guys want to ride in it just let me know
I got you guys in this it's the freakin
sick car I don't know of you why is it
parking it here but I was like whoa it's
car sick man so I just read your letter
I'm from Khadijah from London
and but she's Bengali and it touched my
heart you were an amazing smart woman
you make this yourself did like what
this thing is so creative and is just
amazing I'm gonna hang it up in the
living room rock wall so my whole family
can see you not just in my room so yeah
this is just probably one of the most
coolest things I've ever got in my life
thank you so so so much and I appreciate
it so so much all right so took off my
dad's frame is gonna get super set up
with this and that looks much cooler so
yeah thank you so much
so they made something really cool on
YouTube and it's called the top fan
circle and like the most engaged fans
who like thumbs up or comment whatever
they get to be on top fan circle on it
on our channel and like this is a tough
in circle on our Channel these are top 5
shot eeeh Oh me know this is tossed
Skippy Kippur you could call it we could
call the top you with two fans but we'll
call it the top a s a vlog fan so yeah
if you got show a lot of love you guys
get to be on the top s a black fans and
yeah I think that's pretty cool to see
you guys on to see yourselves on it so
you guys go more than Turkey you get to
be on it so yeah hi guys so it's time to
wrap up this vlog hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog so cool wait in the comments s
today because those people from when
first grade third grade who are
commenting and those people who were 35
results were commenting saying that
would make them feel so young so that
feels really great to make you feel so
young and you are still young but it
makes you great to be a part of our life
and I'm make sure you give this video a
thumbs up and you leave a comment below
of whatever you want and because if you
want to be on a top fan circles and the
ASAE vlogs you could be up there and
your channel will be up there so yeah
give this video a thumbs up and we'll
see you guys tomorrow tomorrow we will
be at John Jay College feel
coming into college and yeah see you
guys tomorrow take care peace hope you
guys all have a great day and I heart
you
