hey guys what's up so we took our vlog
camera to the vet I mean we took I could
lock him into the machine
we took our black camera to the to the
camera shop and they fixed it the thing
is whenever we turn it on or off
sometimes it doesn't turn on but
sometimes it does turn on so I don't
know what the hell's going on so but it
still works right now really good but I
don't know what's up with it just acts
up sometimes and that's why we're back
I've lacking but today we're gonna go
back to Canada once again we're gonna
have a blast so hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog and join us another trip and
ace a daily vlogs are back hopefully as
long as this vlog camera stays in good
condition and I don't get chased by a
dog once again but yeah and I know you
have to tell me to use the GoPro that
the fan mail I got sent to but the thing
is with the GoPro even when I record
like a like a 40 second video it takes
up as much memory as like a 30 minute
vlog video and takes up too much memory
I suppose the second time we're going to
Canada and we're going to go with buses
this time and we actually found sheikhs
twin let's say oh good
shake right there and shakes when is
right there shake boys shape wait 20 huh
we got twins yeah Siegel what is being a
sweet guy and he's helping he's helping
her out
huh that's he's not sweet it's really
how it is free to him but you know
getting home line please
what about mine can you hold it huh you
know no mine
Wow we get ready for the for the value
long you're gonna be watching it are you
guys gonna be watching our Channel
what's up we're getting classy whenever
we come to Canada whenever we come to
Canada we're always just classy and it's
going to you got a pseudo Jenny so
ladies Ichigo ready to mingle it all
turns out well his name is I'm doing now
it goes watch how to tell me who do you
think is cuter Adam for me on awesome to
come on shopping a power-hungry shopping
do we can't go hard sir and I thought
you guys were Eddie's like it is like a
the truth daily man we're gonna be doing
I do believe such party starters and
champions all got some cuckoo she hears
me you're gonna see babies yeah no it's
all one big family it is you have to
look your best today you know whatever
make it here's the deal we're gonna be
seeing some professional photos yeah
those photos is gonna be five of us yeah
what we're gonna do is we're gonna sign
it oh so the next time we have a fan
meeting beautiful tour we travel
anywhere we're gonna give fans those do
that big poster with all five of us and
every it's already signed put some
directions on you long enough
Sean got a different Cadillac yo this
guy killing it with the cars yeah oh you
should have changed license plate you
should have made it the Prince that's
something you should be the king
shouting yo you got the cars on deck man
we are we in this hopefully all turned
out well the events gonna go crazy and
they're performing singing we're just
gonna go up and like it's gonna be some
kind of like some VMI's think all you
want to go up and talk and introduce
them then we're coming to the end
very fresh my all right thank you thank
you very much is the same spot same
hotel we're going through we see how it
goes all right now we're gonna eat first
before them you got cream waiting first
food
Carter eating some air shake I don't
know he's doing and shamans anybody
really does in sham and NATO flexing
here we got homie what's your name I'm
in represent I'm a nice way from smelly
boy ain't going oh come on at your bolo
mommy on the truth I love you a beer
waiting for our food we got it what was
restaurants Allah please us a lot
Muhammad I look the word Irina Shamas
like feeding me man with yogurt yeah
come on
I'll take care of you man you please
he's taking he's taking arms place like
yeah I got I got a dictator they call
what is it called butter chicken man
it's not that I'm trying to take Carrie
I just wanted to hurry up like Annie I
see how it is that I butter chicken with
a rope nauti kebabs it's not come on
yeah it's going on come on none come
over
not collage they're gonna bring kebab
super eyes right now honey alright I'm
good I'm just here hi alright so we just
got backstage Leander - it is crazy out
out there and so far it's going very
good how's the view I don't know how
much people have over 600 oh they're
looking cool and we're ready to start it
everybody's ready started you guys ready
yeah yeah which is hot because I'm
taking Pixies and stuff with
shit
thirty years II and this is cream for
more.we famous now
alright
Oh
Ashima not what's in it I don't know you
I see all together always good idea
Versace was good job you lucky fella
here you like that shit thank so going
over he'll please
Thank You Man no forgive us a noiseless
need this yo these are the ganks to the
Toronto yeah Oh Bridget my bad back the
gangsters are printed right there oh
yeah what are you doing so you guys are
crazy
I'm back in 20 minutes before I go I
just wanna let you know what I love she
hi this is
amazing ISO card is turned it's probably
the last one look how big one hop over
so far and I'm sure Alice and I did this
earlier and she didn't do it but it's so
so easy
ours about to go see how this goes I'm
gonna go down here car show me he goes
now this goes right there I'm gonna go
next
we already did it without the ice cap
Tim Hortons it's the last one go ahead
action ready let's go all right guys
ready
hey ready for mine you ready Frank I'm
ready you ready
oh shit shells because I'm about to go
home recording too high man okay he's
gonna stop nice ass ready yeah remember
say bismillah boots on shorted him still
gonna do it whoo good for ESA and he did
oh wow yo I'm gonna show that in slow
motion shot she was like in shit
three days is over Colonel wanna stop no
fuck my team hey get them
hi my there you go from city gardens too
late what you think 50 cars two days
deadlines over no man 50 cars because
five minutes three days bad girl not go
go to your Bala team stop loud to
charming actually making shit like
you're the doggy the Keene man good
action action what is taking the phone
you I don't know I hate the keys maybe
Cooper in Lima Gagarin yeah you've been
shooting all day my cantata
shut up pick up can you do it already
ready go go go
action cook away I think she proved
about time Oh
oh that's not any harm
okay good job let's go next you sittin
on my setlist that's a girl crib
watching Netflix ah get it down fun boy
excite it does
I'm noticing pizza Boston Pizza is um
imma take city I don't know it's a so
it's good I love some are so much oh
yeah dy thank you so much and we're in
Paris
what's our boss and Pete I am bus but
wise if I wasn't you I don't I'm not
really sure I don't Canada though yeah
why
everybody right now we're hanging out
Malia's yeah they can describe that we
had
nineteen cypress oh shut up to that
we're not we're done this square right
now see what's up our mind
what's up guys it looks nice it looks
like New York leave you so much for
coming on hi guys so I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog and that was our
second time in Canada we will be back in
October once again and we will be going
insha'Allah not confirmed yet but we'll
be going to the UK to a lot of cities in
the UK in December with Charmin Rhys
Carter's say her creamy to Le chef
awkward and me so should be really fun
and hope you guys enjoy this video we'll
see you guys tomorrow make sure you give
this video a thumbs up and show a lot of
love and go turkey and yeah and for the
for the for the for the music video with
shammed we said Carter um it's called
NASA hey and it will be out soon and we
put up a we put up the making of it so
if you guys want to check it out the
link will be below make sure you guys
check out Sharman Carter's a vlog
channel and main channel below a lot of
love for them because they're the ones
who've been taking care of us in Canada
and that's why we haven't been kidnapped
in Canada so they've been protecting us
and Rosa we loved meeting you guys all
in Canada and everywhere and we want a
chance to meet all of you guys like all
over the world and stuff so yeah leave a
comment below cuz this is kind of like a
tour cuz we're going to Canada and we're
gonna be going to Florida October and
we're might be going to UK not sure and
December so leave a comment below and
let us know what you think we should
call this tour like for all of us for
all five they do their singing we do a
comedy skit and after we can do a
question and answer and then we can do a
meet and greet it'll be crazy
it'll be hype and we'll go down we'll be
really live so let us know in the
comments below what you guys think we
should call it so yeah thank you guys so
much we'll see you guys tomorrow and
hopefully if this freaking flat camera
doesn't act up or if I don't get used by
a dog once again and we'll see you guys
tomorrow take a piece
