hey guys some right now at that store
chillin meet blimp I move we in the
tulip my store cream to bronzer i fast
and we're all like playing in our iPads
and stuff but you guys wait for Chaplin
I'll just play this in whatever it is I
can just put it inside this openness is
this
I even know what gamers oh I'm just
charging my phone I come to that beside
my father arena then I try to push
people down force to tell them tell them
are we going tonight yeah we doing no
karaoke so so those guys decided not to
go David
reason why not
okay bro cuz we're playing that kid that
wanted to go pushing school he's afraid
when he was younger
no I don't do this in worship she's mom
is calling
mommy's karmic side that me undecided
you don't know 400 in New York City or
they can get a ticket like that sir
we're gonna go a phone please call the
hell out guys
the probably one of the best places in
New York City if so is the top one haha
truckin
you guys are at home if you guys ever
come to New York you guys should eat the
hell out guys 36 address is on 53rd and
6/7 53rd Street Street about America's
if you go there tell them that we
brought you guys there's so so we
finally arrived and about guys all right
guys that's ready video you're not
Harold oh yo oh you can be eating over
here you can't be in over here you to
cream you to slim that uh Hunger Games
stupid that he was like hello guys
is it nice would you like hello guys you
like it thank you are you Helen yes yeah
what's that music
you're not Haram make it no I'm so
hungry hungry hey hello guys yes
hello Garcia nice
hi guys all right the every set of
percentile pepper drag oh how much sugar
I'll add I'm proud thank you so much
who was killin did he give you a floppy
too
can you pour me some white sauce okay
machine with English look at you guys
yeah like starvin yo you guys good this
banging yeah I'm kept them up all night
just like secure bro speak English son
I'm telling him yeah brother sit on your
ass tiny embarrassed Iran sorry
what am I agree he's sitting on his toes
hey what's up guys so we just finished
eating halal guys and they gave you so
much food that it's impossible to finish
look at that
so we're gonna find someone in need and
give them the food - he got the fresh
food nice look um here's good yeah one
can fit two people like I can fill up
two people ever buy one for yourself
alone especially always the first time
unless you starving and really hungry so
you just get one for yourself
it's Banga no cheese really really good
still they can feed all families Juvia
Allah only in New York ill when it's
snow and rain together look this happy
since I walk we came and walk in the
sidewalk like Jesse the pool I want
sticky guys soon huh this is an
expensive cool all right nice food
excellent
double oh oh oh she's a gangster you
she's a G she was like noon I got my
rain boots on I'm going being the
homeless
hello guys oh he got hello for me good
Halloween here no sound can put the
batteries in
ah let's take her with us we'll get
batteries and see what though I can't
take this I think it's not funny isn't
it but on
why we just got to the karaoke spot and
we're gonna get ready sync ready I'm
ready let's do it slow whoa arti Rai -
it up and check what - my check what -
oh oh
but
Oh
Oh
Oh
the way you are
tonight
Oh
yeah
Oh
Oh
you know
Hey
Oh
Oh
three the grass of my sexy darling
brother body
pesto evening Joey for beating ha ha
her and me
and I was
ha
be
I said make sure you give this one a
thumbs up
so I haven't opened up some stuff in the
peel back so I decided I'll open up some
stuff right now and this says fragile
one
ten minutes later after opening this oh
so much tape all around it and this is
beautiful Wow and the fact that somebody
made this and painted this it's just
amazing I wonder how long it took you to
make this was it from what the name one
no soon and go turkey go turkey go
turkey go - guilty he didn't have to
write it so much I was like I put you on
punishment like in first grade like I
will not yell at teacher I will not yep
I just wanted to start off by letting
you know how much I absolutely love your
videos I came across one of your videos
unknowingly and it's one of the best
mistakes I've ever made
AHA that is so sweet it truly means a
lot that that you watched our videos by
mistake and now you're sending us
something and here it is in the vlog
that's pretty amazing it oh I felt so I
already know what this is guys all right
this is what's appeal box mail without a
win oh and I'm trying to sing the Justin
Bieber song what's a king bed without a
queen
what's appeal box without a blend oh I
love these so much
I finished the ones we had that you guys
have sent me and yeah I bought some more
and now I'm getting oh thank you so much
- Sarah Kahn you're amazing and this
truly means a lot I got it was time to
wrap up this flag hope you guys enjoyed
this flag shake actually couldn't make
it because he came late then he had to
leave early then I didn't see him here
you guys will see him tomorrow so it's
just been a cold snowstorms and
everything in New York and just
snowstorms back to back I just can't
wait old sunny and warm again and we can
film Maine Channel videos and stuff but
for now we're doing vlogs and hope you
guys are enjoying these daily vlogs that
we make if you guys are enjoying these
daily vlogs make make sure you guys give
us like a thumbs up and go turkey and
yeah I really hope this vlog like make
your day or brighten up your day or you
guys look forward to it what do you guys
do while you guys watch these blogs what
do you do you sit down and eat do you
you down while you're sleeping like what
are you doing you watch she's like leave
it in the comments below yeah we'll see
you guys tomorrow
take care love you guys and peace
