hey guys what's up today we are going to
be going doing a little shopping because
we're going to Toronto tomorrow morning
and yeah we're it's going to be a
freaking long day because we got to get
our stuff ready
and we're looking packing it and we're
looking forward to Toronto our first
time in Toronto and I'm in here my hand
and hopefully we get to Canada sooner we
have fun and let's see how this go our
flight to Canada is in about 12 hours
and 12 hours not 10 and we're looking
for outfits just for one outfit to get
so we can go there these black pants I
think it is plain cool and simple and
I'm not like them I'll just get it so
guess what I'm about to do is the human
kangaroo you guys did it you guys got
over 4,000 thumbs up and I'm gonna make
shake do it too and I'm gonna do it good
luck trying
I don't care enough just enough now
putting on my shorts because it's gonna
be uncomfortable with those pants
walking barefooted ready go huh I'm
gonna do it all over this way all over
that I am at the start
wish me luck I'm so nervous this guy
didn't motivate me it did it motivate me
enough here he is on his horn Aaron you
can do somebody next to me to motivate
me man but and you can do it that's the
spirit
shut up ready Adam go ahead going back
to sell here then hold the camera
No
Oh
so after doing that for like five seven
minutes you got hit at the end by some
by some kid
I like math liars forget it
ah
it's raining right now but good thing I
brought this kangaroo outfit it's
keeping me warm and I'm using it like an
umbrella right I'm using this like an
umbrella man I was a kangaroo with it
first I was a kangaroo with it now it's
it's good
I'm just making keeping me dry so I'm
good all right guys so we're gonna have
to cut this vlog really short because
we're getting ready to go to Toronto
when our flight is early early in the
morning around 7 a.m. and I still have
even packed my stuff and Rima left me
she went to her cousin's house with I
was saying goodbye and I'm really gonna
miss her but it's gonna be a crazy
weekend at Canada and let's see how it
goes and I'm seriously so tired from
doing this human kangaroo thingy the guy
kind of kicked me but it wasn't really
all that hard I just my lip is just a
little swollen but I'm did last not
really that stolen because we're going
to Canada tomorrow and I didn't want to
go there with a swollen lip alright so
I'm packing my stuff and this is what
I'm packing for to to the trip for two
days and a half three days and I'm gonna
bring some stuff from the peel box to so
we can read it on the airplane and chill
and let's see how this goes Canada here
we come and if you guys still don't know
we have a meet and greet September 15 on
Sunday at 2:30 p.m. at the cholesky
lycium ICN alright
I don't know Sarah but the information
will be below in the link below so if
you guys want to come with me agree I'm
looking forward to meeting all of you
guys and let's see how this goes um yeah
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog I hope
you guys still give it a thumbs up and
omean laughing I still show a lot of
love with the thumbs up button and go
turkey and show that even if this vlog
is short you guys still show your love
and support so thank you guys so much
teammates say do me gang we are gonna
see you guys Sunday because remember I
told you guys that Saturday's is gonna
be Nova labs every Saturday will be set
off on vlogs but this is gonna be vlogs
every day except for Saturday so we see
you guys Sunday Toronto Canada mr. saga
missile Mississippi Mississauga how we
say it it's gonna be a big big weekend
looking forward to it and we'll see you
guys then take care peace
