hey guys what's up so we're about to you
right now Adam as usual Kim Lee okay my
forty minutes will come later came like
40 minutes late so Marriott ie different
so now I have to wait for him to eat and
then we off to the spot all right so I
got a turkey sandwich with American
cheese mayonnaise and a white toast hot
with I'm not like any pickles I don't
really like pickles with water with your
shit up but and you can't get the meal
without a chocolate brownie like roundly
brown chocolate brown that's what it is
man but you know I don't like to get my
chocolate Ronnie but no holiday vanilla
all day I'm serious and I was going to
Queens but to go hit this spot finally
got our passport took us a while to get
it but it's that first time on over to
coat my favorite yeah we can hit that oh
my no no no the time that this thing got
stuck in the middle ocean he got stuck
in the middle of the ocean right and the
whole movie is looking at is because
crazy cuz they felt it would have been
done
it's basically this is all this I'm New
York this the other side I'm gonna hang
in there daddy cousin alright so this is
um probably MA
I've been here a couple of times in this
pop I'm taking chef here for the first
time you why do you exactly on my name
like shit shit that's all we have to say
it shit what I'm gonna say chic yes she
in private and public school needs to
come a chic chic chic bar I'll call you
chef
I'll call you whatever I want to okay
gosh hi boy yeah right now we're going
there it's a freaking crazy place is one
of the most amazing spas ever in New
York I got a spa and a small already
tonight it's like a huge mansion it
looks like I mentioned but you guys are
gonna see right now this place is owned
by a DC not Harold well I'm gonna come
back the place right here feels like a
hotel but it's not right now we just got
to the spot we're just getting a little
first relax in for a little bit huh like
it I know this this is just a sofa first
you go sit down and watch TV man you
guys ever come to New York
come here the best relaxing yo there's a
nice thing there's Alex man I hear what
are you doing Oh Oh slowly go
it was burning we're in the sauna right
now and it is you know
caution extremely and then I placed
anything yo what are you doing man you
gonna try to burn us up which is degrees
it's about 150 don't even know what is
it all you see me is home
the burglar shake just ran away from me
because I was in the big pool and a
crime swimming at the kiddie pool and
look at this kid maybe series this is
one feet it's hard using one feet one
foot serious Oh function is curly not a
bill go whoa
well I'm taking full the pool gives you
a massage from the waters and feels so
freakin
she is getting your husband to thank you
Michael is what
what'll we do like your nipples are like
chocolate chip doubles in Hershey Kisses
yeah chill on Ian's present leave the
car passing one two three four
what are you doing
I mean I gotta crushing him out you
might give her a kiss back you don't
want to me why go get Rick is nice huh
would you say it again come on stop
don't do it is it something so wrong
that means a rough do you marry me is
would you mean I'm to show you six-pack
show it come on complete that so what
Wow Hamza hums I got an eight-pack Remo
what you got
Reema got a fat pack what do you say I'm
out of sword fight with it come on moe
come on Rema Rema you guys did it you
guys got 4,000 thumbs up on the video
where the first vlog we had where we did
the the King the human kangaroo terima
you guys got a 4000 thumbs up you guys
seriously never fail to make a smile and
you guys always accomplish and help us
reach our goals so just for that Sonne
either tomorrow or in Canada which every
day is warm I'm gonna have to go out I'm
gonna have to go out in public as a
human kangaroo and just start chasing
people around so I promise you guys that
so I'm gonna have to do that soon and it
will be epic I'll make it I pick as
possible as I can do and I'll be safe
doing it too so so stay tuned for that
guys it's like four floors Oh them go
all the way down
another spot there let's go in there we
have one in them
more than one of the others like that
place right this isn't that
you take a nap
oh they got this is gel lotion towel a
gallon of lotion
Oh blow dryer blow down here was our
Cologne I just what I love about this
place they have like so many saunas and
steam rooms and they even have a cold
room this is the whole place we're in
let's I know come with me they got like
any comfort
this is 140 degrees this is 172 this is
one eaten one what do you want
shake what you want what are you going
yeah we did it coming to get on the
phone I've been asked a banana for 20
minutes keep through the phone
we came in to hang up the phone
I'm nice tough day I've knocked off your
phone to see this happen you're talking
me now where did he go in dark here and
I'm the only one here in Iceland and the
nice thing about like they have snow all
around here so looks pretty cool
wherever you guys go if you guys could
do this tag something then take a
picture of it and tweet it to us and
we'll retreat it a sa maybe this thing
is so frizzy it's so cold
Oh oh my god I don't know if people live
in Antartica Hey all right
yeah say you guys see it you can
meditate here you'll come saying this
meditate person it's gonna light up whoa
all right
seriously this thing feels so good but
it's like really hot
well I'm so ready snapchat what hi guys
so it's time to wrap up this flag hope
you guys enjoy this flag we got an
announcement we are gonna be at Toronto
we're going there actually Friday
tomorrow and we're gonna have a
meet-and-greet there and it's gonna be
on September 15th this Sunday coming up
from 2:30 p.m. until after until around
3:00 3:30 p.m. so I suggest you guys
come early it's gonna be at Mississauga
am i pronouncing it right and it's gonna
be near Toronto a couple of maybe a
couple minutes around Toronto so and all
the information the address is here so
if you guys want to come through I love
to meet you guys
me chef is gonna be there Kareem from
are we famous now is going to be there
and Shane made threes and this other guy
named Carter is gonna be there they're
singers and they're the ones who brought
us out there to because they want us to
be in their music video show so that
should be exciting so yeah all the
information will be below - or here you
guys can check that out we're hoping to
meet and see you guys our first time in
Canada and it'll be a lot of fun and
yeah have a great day make sure you give
this video a thumbs up and and comment
below um where do you guys want us to go
next and if you guys do want us to go
somewhere you guys can always email us
at emails true story a a say at a wall
calm and yeah you can just contact us
for a bring us somewhere we're more than
we have pleasure to come through and
have fun with you guys and we love
meeting you guys so hopefully we see
anybody who's around Toronto or the
Mississauga area or anywhere near the
address that there is and much love hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog we'll see you
guys tomorrow take care peace and I
heart you
