hey guys what's up just woke up and it
is really early but I gotta go get my
passport because we're going to Toronto
this Friday and I got no class today so
we should see how it goes today is gonna
be really fun day and we're gonna film
after that we got to see how much time
I'm gonna film so let's see how today
gold pen that's it I don't wanna show I
don't like it I think is good like a
retard in it I like retarded yeah I like
a Dumbo
yeah I wanted to take it again like
three times he was like brother this is
not the photoshoot this is a passport
picture I'm like please can I take it
here I'm super bored we're gonna give
him fewer topics to rap Bell says he
wants be a rapper rap about garbage
garbage yeah yo know I'm a rap about
garbage garbage garbage yo the
definition in the dictionary of garbage
is shit I'm good is a little funny oh my
god that was so cool why you should
totally I was born here so I finally got
it they got a quick now I decide to go
get it done with then we're ready to go
and yeah that's it oh where did you go
to Toronto on Friday then we're gonna be
out so did you not get to Times Square
and yeah we should do it we should do a
full video like that in our main channel
it's called like you can orange even I
don't know do we should do that do you
think you do
you do that just go go what are you
looking at me oh okay Oh what despite
apply a dollar and we're gonna go scare
people with it and let's see how this
goes
early Halloween prank
Oh put a little closer so scared
oh yeah no I'm gonna get married two
beautiful girls from Earth and no I have
no idea day not to break it
man shit that boy that boy does it Beach
with today I'm cool I don't know some
guy just picked up my freaking spider
and he tried to take and throw a garbage
but only ticket and the shit put in his
book bag we need to stop it so it is
wintertime now I mean there's not what
the time he's getting a lot really cold
so he's gonna start putting on a they're
gonna hire guys huh look at me that face
with that she just said a brave but
obviously be warned
okay you go pray if you want wow how
much I love you my you doing a good job
I'll lock did not tell her to pray or
nothing she's doing those up I just put
under his job so cuz it's gonna cold
today is like 60 degrees Fahrenheit
don't look Wow Iman it's back to Ramadan
no seriously I miss Ramadan so much
don't scare me you're not the kangaroo
thing I know yeah you got this you've
got this fix it fix it
fix it good job come on deck
Sulli
I'm not telling her anything she's at
all
WOWY MA she's paying blood right now
good job mashallah you doing good are
you mom
I'm not doing nothing I'm not doing
nothing
okay sorry just continue go you're done
she just said I'm dead
say yay I'll take it off hi guys one of
the best parts of New York is right
there what is it called this is
something staple the Empire State
Building
you're serious here mr. president you
said something stable e95 favor this is
my sibling yo favor comes in New York
you could go on the roof on the 110th
floor and you can look at it around it
absolutely I once you can see Holloway
let me see if you can see people there
look did you know that the lady in that
building ollie
what all right that doesn't light in
that building as you know it the person
that does the lighting yeah oh that's
why if the price a building becomes
green on on a droid yeah Oh white collar
yeah they do that they do a TV show or
TV show doing a TV show here over life
and oh when I live looks like hey yeah
thank you so much hey these are here huh
are you gonna be on the show to night oh
oh oh oh man stink like it's dope the
cow looks that's how they make shows
right John a see vlog is taking over
right now it's in your shake I like your
work the Cubs don't touch it
it looks nice though
I can videotape the show I like
white-collar man he's what
yeah too much of a hairy chest man to it
let me see just let me see oh come on
she's HD no no some girls like hairy
chest we're actually part of the show
but we have the arrow part of the show
but we have a youtube channel too
do any part of the show
all you got to do is torque alright
twerk it you'll win it you guys are down
to do it
yes it is my color yeah before Shake
Shack the best burger spot in the whole
America West Coast telling is way better
than in and out with and what the heck
are they there meditate nobody invited
me what the heck are you doing huh
they're just meditating here then they
interact go blogging they're facing with
you nothing you gotta close your eyes
yo sup
it's crazy
yes Olivia I do frost another good good
all right so I don't know what's going
on with Shake Shack this guy's in a
diaper and what the heck are you doing
damn you got the camera off my gear okay
bye see you tomorrow see you see you
tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow hey hey hey
hey
CoA hey she blogs say vlogs daily vlogs
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you guys enjoyed this flag
thank you guys so much for always going
turkey on thumbs up and for not being
lazy and giving this video a thumbs up
and and for yesterday's vlog which I'm
still checking them for to hit 4000
thumbs up so I can do that that kid I
kangaroo the human kangaroo outside in
public so whenever it hits I'll do it
even if it's in Canada then I guess I'll
do in Canada but yeah thank you guys so
much for all the love and well yeah we
actually we filmed a little bit sitting
so we couldn't we could have finished
the video we had because we were stuck
so long at the passport office and they
took so long but how many love we got it
so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
blog we have a new video coming soon
when it's Ron so soon so stay updated
follow us on our Twitter's if you guys
want to follow some Twitter's we're
gonna stay updated if y'all want to stay
updated with everything cuz yeah and be
nuts Peter I don't want to talk to us
we're gonna be on Twitter you guys
always tweet us and stuff like that so
thank you guys so much and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
and I'm glad that they see daily vlogs
or making you guys happy again so we
here again and we're back to have a lot
of a lot of fun trust me again feel a
lot of fun in craziness so see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace
