hey guys what's up so much music I heard
we had this lady she just gave us in
there and in the paper with it they're
glad to dare them feed their there of
the day every time you want to check
your social media account call a family
member or friend that you have not
spoken to in a while and just say hello
this is my dear instead of scrolling
through your feet today look around
those surroundings and observe the
living breathing world around you
alright so I won't go on Twitter I'm
gonna breed this runt
that's not my dears I can't do it so
today we're going to be doing um we're
gonna be talking in a UK British slang
two people here two strangers and we
just want to see how they react as we
going to see their reaction and April
the people here in America they don't
know the they don't know they don't
understand the UK slang so it's gonna be
a crazy reaction you know so you'll have
spicy spicy you want to be more I think
okay oh go Finn black one blood flag one
blood
no fan whack one bun you're pissed
brother in it huh interesting language
you're looking his room
no can see what I can't say blood on
your negative shopping I said you owe
your blood you clap broth in it no you
can't stay blood your shopsite nigga get
shot for what same blood is not cool bro
we say that word your spicy wanted me my
wifey I don't know down that you look my
mom today
me say I need it actually that should be
a weapon so that's just not safe nice
little pink okay King yeah you like hot
oh I get off him right you're looking
clap brother come on you're not buff bro
you looking clapped in it if I was in it
I would be out of it but I'm not out of
it so I'm gonna you butters butters
likes to do what she did you're not buff
he looking clap from Haley quick thing
innit no see man if I'm decent man your
syllable huh see that's all you dancin
oh oh oh oh he's not buff
so much that one don't worry when it's
hard
no I cover to anyone it's work please
work ten seconds ten seconds please
alternate work with you I'm not like
Miley Cyrus I'm different I'm different
bleep stop come back why are you doing
this
can I just work with you ten seconds
please sounds like oh my god what's your
name
sure I'm sure ha but sure I'm sure oh
he's dressed in all fancy what's going
to go to Google and look at all the
right here I'll go where oh then you got
some crazy uniform extensive video with
man steady watch the block so I
ah no good I do the wrong Wendy head up
get up get up head down
how can I go ha she can't do it she's
too too chubby that thing really hurt my
back and neck that I call it the
kangaroo ostrich thingie on a strictly
but it hurts my back and next what we
try it at home it's fun to do but it
hurts your back and neck so bad like
it's killing me but I'm thinking about
doing that what I did what I justit's
ARIMA I'm thinking about doing outside
so let's do a challenge if this video
this vlog gets 4000 thumbs up I'll do it
outside in public I'll chase people
around like that so give this video
thumbs up and we'll see how it goes
I swear better right now and I don't
think game like he thinks out home or
something
it's not your house I'm killin a little
of me my friend amuse him my friend
Carlos which shouldn't mean Carlos we
playing games we play what is this
that's the movie huh and be a wussy me
like forgiving it on gaming it time to
do the to the to the door
ready your doom in our places huh
even on a boy yes I do not to play look
at my car I got the outer belly dancer
time right yeah alright pal you didn't
attack mode
magical blast attack continue you so
stupid
I dare not offer you do not look at
these losers playing you yo
this seriously playing here in the
middle of the sidewalk foot the middle
of the sidewalk middle of everybody
playing you represent your story ACA
come on you know I eat with this card
facedown and I use a cup brilliant
setback yeah alright we just I don't
know where we just found cream with slim
they don't even know that we're here
right now and we just randomly solid I
could talk to them
yeah what do you fuck if we do the other
here it's good good until act of war on
Syria much respect to the people here
please see America one piece thanks good
job where you're doing man I love it
okay it's nice I like it yeah people
here looking and I agree you agree yeah
I totally agree do I have to stand in
line though to show that I agree I mean
or can I agree sitting down I don't you
want to stand up via accident - I don't
know if you had an ax
you wanted out you understand hobo yeah
there's no Act or Syria
they started with about three people for
the Syrian thingy and we hope that the
ladies me chair we gather up so many
people that it's over 100 people for the
no act on war no act on War of Syria so
hopefully gets the hundreds of thousands
of people right now we're trying to get
some more people to support it and
hopefully go as well
gotta go shake is talking we all helped
out here I take it man
take it thank you this morning
more cops are coming too and a lot of
news but coming but we got this whole
bombing Syria
aids and refugees coming we got the New
York one year am
like you
or not the answer was to helping them
gathering a lot of people shake this got
interviewed by New York one with the
media I don't know why he said it
because I was in the middle but what do
what they told you they were asking me
they were asking me if I support why I
support them and I was telling them that
I support them cousin America invading
countries just kills a lot more people
than it's already being killed
so if America's steps out and lets syria
solving its own they'll be much better
but and America the best thing they can
do is talk to have Bashar guy a shot
that guy they should talk it over with
him instead of going in there and
killing more people
so as Obama sees this and that's true
like what's like what's the point of
going there dropping a bomb that's
that's not gonna that's not going to
change we're gonna do is gonna go they
kill millions of more people attending
at oh I surrender because just killed
millions of people under your and we're
still trying to get more people but more
cops are coming so we might have to
leave soon it's about maybe 100
something people huh how would you
understand what they're doing is good
because it shows America that we're not
all here to support you Obama we're here
to make we're here to tell you our
rights and our opinions you better
accept it and this is why you wants to
be the president shake-up but you can't
be a president anymore didn't you just
get arrested like two weeks ago
ha ha ha ha stop hi guys so it's time to
wrap up this vlog and hope you guys
enjoy this black if you guys do not know
yes we are back with a si daily vlogs AC
daily vlogs is back because we'll only
have class of classes Tuesdays and
Thursdays and we study in class and we
do all our work in class on Tuesdays and
Thursdays and we have a lot of free time
so we decided let's get back with AC
daily vlogs
we will not vlog in school though
because we want to focus on school when
we're there and the vlogs will be when
we're outside so yes they say daily
vlogs is back we're back and yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this we'll see you guys
tomorrow
umm make sure you guys video thumbs up
tomorrow we're going to I'm gonna go get
my passport tomorrow because we're gonna
be going to Toronto soon to see how it
goes and we got to go film tomorrow but
something might go wrong because we need
get a mic for a camera so we'll see how
it goes and thank you guys for the
support and love make sure you guys
follow us on Twitter to stay updated and
for the ACA daily vlogs you might have
one day off every week you know it took
so we could cool down and stuff we're
just teenagers I mean where I'm I'm 20
I'm I just turned 20 I'm I still
consider myself a teenager I'm still a
teenager I'm 12 years old in heart and
I'm 15 years old in heart and yeah so
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace and hope you guys have a great
night a great day
and I love you
