hey guys what's up three months I'm
doing that she did cunanan hide it sit
down correctly sit down oh she can sit
down on such a shadow get more chips we
are going to Six Flags tomorrow and
Ramon she cannot come unfortunately
because she's a lot of trouble and she's
really sad that she can't go to Six
Flags Reema you said you don't want to
King go to Six Flags
what'd he say sad when you say she's sad
she makes up she makes a sad face like
we mom be sad Reema be happy happy happy
yeah she's not going to six vice
tomorrow I wish I could have brought her
so one of you guys but stop doing that
no sadly when two girls you're not
supposed other girls The Addams Family
turn in it so I'm with my nephew Yusuf
and he's starting school soon and he's
the words to shop with he's been looking
two hours looking for sneakers because
she have this sitting down there
we were so freaking bored yeah why did
we go shopping with this kid why did we
go shopping with this kid
girl you don't know what that is which I
think s-shape trying to find out who
this is and he says he watches
basketball too so yeah I wish semester
do who says practice what 76 is remember
two three oh my you still polar right
you're bowling
he's still a bowling that's my boy Yeah
right there what's his name yeah you see
in the wrong is AI that's just like
initials yeah this asai a si and then
Alan Alan what you know I'm not stupid I
I know that's like Alan Johnson as my
name yes that's a I what you spent seven
nine years remember the four nine oh man
I've seen this mannequin it was like my
dad was just like but I can't find
him nothing that's all my friend is that
where is you man
so nice Alfred oh man you notice my
fence here yeah looks nice on you feel
all right I'm making sure no who's AI
now you know he's getting he's only the
sports not cool tell me shake it up whoo
you made the cricket please be serious
Tiger Woods there's some baseball
players uh palanca Jordan soccer player
there's not a psycho baby serious yo you
got yeah I'm shut off the flag that's it
now we're in the car on our way to Six
Flags Muslim day with Chef rock bun
sister Ramona and her friends what's
your name queen or princess Queen
name is Queen and vegan Amira what I
said a mirror I don't know but yeah we
just saw like that dear it look like SH
a New Jersey looks like a frickin forum
well this place not-not-not the other
Jersey spots but yeah looks so weird I
was looking for my dad oh nothing can
you help me look like that I have a
minute for 20 years I'm coming to seats
for sound old nothing
don't please something pretty I'm broke
I miss you so much
here with me come on Adam
well the ladies give him creamer hot the
hard time but free cream free career all
right so I finally found someone that's
good oh right
boom what lie like I never been on the
rise
never in my life and I'm 23 years old I
said well everyone gets on me and was
gonna chill in the bottom we're gonna be
laughing everyone I want this screaming
well just give me a ring I laugh at them
and shake them watch this
shakes is just gonna chill ding inspired
and watches see see like the spotting oh
yeah Oh what the heck yeah we got you
you guys are might be in the black in
the vlog you didn't say hi I don't know
behinds it was a we just met there were
just wearing a blue sky fair thing are
we gonna die
no we are not we're not why welcome
aboard
please being seated with your arms
at all time go shaking your head okay
shakes in the boots in the freeride sit
down
you know Six Flags for some day only
ride this is the only white shake will
go on because it's not like a roller
coaster nothing look it's already scared
of look design that bet oh man that's
kind of scary my not going to oh man
this view is crazy look remember that
song is it Musashi I got like damn and
first real mess I'll learn they're
praying here to this for Jamar the other
manner
while it's beautiful
I'm happy that you got a Muslim to be
here in six legs okay well he looks
amazing from tougher crowd
I'm so mad that I didn't freakin charge
my flak camera before we went to Six
Flags so the battery died and
unfortunately we couldn't film as much
in Six Flags but the thing is it felt
kind of awkward filming in Six Flags too
because there's a lot I know our
families and Muslim families there that
probably don't want to be filmed and I
just I didn't feel like putting a camera
in their faces like that so I just I
wanted to have fun and just chill there
so yeah instead of uh since I did it I'm
a flag as much in Six Flags we're gonna
do something called twenty five things
you guys don't know about me at the end
of the video so you guys will see and
shout out to everybody that we met at
Six Flags you guys were freaking amazing
you guys are seriously so fun to talk to
when you guys are seriously so chill and
shout out to all the muscular guys you
know to work actually cool with us too
you know you guys had her back I thought
you guys were gonna come and beat us up
but you guys are actually cool ahead
shout out to this little kid named obey
des he was so freaking sweet he just
randomly can I didn't know he was he
just randomly came up to me and just
hugged me and said Adam saw that I love
you and I love him too
let me took I so we just got back from
Six Flags it's like 1:00 a.m. right now
and I'm so and finally I'm so tired and
Rema Rema we got a surprise for mira
from one of you guys and six flags over
you guys you guys are freaking awesome
and we got a new hamster and this is for
real uh they said yeah we got a new
hamster he's never gonna die now here we
go this is for you
say thank you hushed say thank you BMO
say thank you all right she said thank
you so much thank you so much this is a
real big handsome
I got so this thing is called 25 things
you don't know about me so this is how
it goes I'm gonna say 25 things that you
guys probably don't know about me and 20
of them are the truth five of them are
lies and when I'm done with it you guys
have to comment below the five lies and
whoever gets to write the five lies they
get it right um we're gonna give you a
shout out on next week's vlog what do
you want no you okay
I love you you love me
I love you nah Rima be quiet we were
attacked by cream from are we famous now
so if you guys want to see his version
the link will be below and yeah enjoy
have fun with it and let's see if you
guys know what would be the truth and
what will be the lie number one I had
three older brothers that died at birth
before I was even born in Yemen because
they never had hospitals like that but
yeah it's sad I never got to see them
but hopefully I do get to see them
number two I sleep with five pillows yes
I sleep with five plus two behind my
head when I my right side another one of
my left side and one I just cuddle with
number three I said never like Reema I
said never liked her until she started
being in the vlogs and I don't know I so
never really liked it and you're sort of
lagging together then that's now we're
just like love her so much like I'm with
her 24/7
number four whenever my wanna buy snacks
like for the house and stuff I I take
the good snacks and I hide it in my room
because my little brother he tends to
always eat the snacks so fast like
overnight so you know I just I don't
know why number five I have a twin a
twin sister that you guys never heard
about so now you guys know that I have a
twin
so number six I got tackled by a pit
bull dog when I was seven years old and
that's when I never that's when I
started never liking the big dogs but I
like the small dogs are cool number
seven I had braces for over three years
and yeah that's pretty much why my teeth
are pretty straight now they're just
fake I'm serious they're fake number
eight in the sixth grade I won the
multiplication award contest I got a
trophy for it for being the fastest
person in the whole school to answer the
multiplication I and I still a mime I
don't know why I think that's some kind
of weird talent that I have but I
inserted like multiplication problems
really really fast I guess it's a cool
thing number nine I always massage my
mom's legs before she goes to sleep it's
become a daily thing you know just like
the a say daily vlogs we had and
becoming a daily massage your mom puts
on huh
number ten I only know how to cook eggs
and cereal number eleven I've never read
an entire book completely I've never
completed an entire book I just I always
skip through chapters and miss a page or
I can't finish a book and I can't number
12 I talked to myself when I'm so
excited
come on let's go Adam we're gonna go to
the airplane we'll go to Toronto soon
I'm gonna sit next to the window it's
gonna be so nice next to the airplanes
number 13 I always eat a chocolate bar
are very unhealthy chocolate bar and
then two minutes later I would eat a
very healthy fruit like pineapples or
peaches right after just so I can feel
more healthy I don't know you've ever
done that you ever did that but it's
kind of weird but I don't know why it
just makes me feel more healthy if I eat
something really healthy after I eat
something really unhealthy number
fourteen whenever I see a cute girl I
always lick my lips it's a habit number
fifteen I broke my thumb three times my
right thumb three times one of them was
from basketball another one is from
having to fight a kid I really
our head and another one was another
fight that I had you had a harder that
number 16 I just I hate going to
weddings I don't like going to weddings
I don't number 17 I love every single
culture that's in the world because I
love seeing how different it is from
mine so I like experiencing other
people's cultures and seeing how it is
it's really interesting to me
number 18 when I was younger I used to
eat coins and and like poop it out I
don't know I see coins and just poop it
out number 19 I love when other people
are more caring and loving of other
people more than themselves so I don't
know I just I love that it shows a lot
and it means a lot to that person it
shows that they're they're humble number
20 I hate people who are selfish but 21
before YouTube I used to get about seven
or eight likes on Facebook that was the
most likes I've ever gotten Facebook if
I got lucky I would get 11 likes when I
would say like my status for a to be
honest on your wall and I would get
really excited number 22 means share we
were best friends in high school we just
we started being best friends in high
school number 23 whenever I'm not
telling the truth
I won't look the person in the eyes just
like like right now I'm looking you deep
in the eyes right like to the camera so
I'm telling the truth whenever I'm not
telling the truth I tend to not to look
away from them
I don't know just so it's easy to see if
I'm lying or not I'll be like number 24
I love seeing other people smile it just
makes me smile too so why aren't you
smiling then why aren't you smiling you
hear my question hello
and you still not smiling i'ma wait
until you smile I see you right now you
like this leaning with a serious face
you're probably enjoying the video but
you still have a serious space on your
like you're the type of person that
writes lmao ooo-ooo-ooo and you still
have a serious face I look - come on
smile smile smile
smile tap come on give this video a
thumbs up if you smell if you didn't so
give it a thumbs up cuz you're gonna
smile and number 25 we might bring the
aasa' daily vlogs back soon so because
we only have class on Tuesdays and
Thursdays which is only two days a week
and we've been bored with our lives so a
CC daily vlogs might be back soon
alright guys so it's time to wrap up
this flag hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog even though it's kind of short and
it was alright but we've had a long
freaking week and was so tiring and hope
you guys understand we have a new video
coming this Wednesday we got a film at
Monday and we gonna be at Toronto on
Friday we're gonna give you guys more
info just follow us on Twitter we're
gonna keep you guys updated and make
sure you give this video a thumbs up
thank you guys so much for always going
Turkey you guys are seriously awesome
and everybody who always give this video
thumbs up you're not lazy and you're
cool yes I'm have a Great Neck a night
are a great day and yeah take care
