damn college basketball and almost in
NBA but you know what I'm up for it but
assalamu alayka what i want to live a
better cancer and do me a guy hope you
are having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so far I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day it do me yank if
you guys do not know I am in Medina
Saudi Arabia today this is my last day
here you guys are finally gonna see me
take my journey in Medina right now I'm
taking you guys with me then after that
I'm heading to Mecca to do Umbra so
tomorrow you guys will see me do I'm
gonna and visit the most beautiful place
in the world but for now I'm gonna take
you guys on a journey with me here in
Medina but before I go do me I make sure
you guys subscribe because I upload
every single day I do not forget to give
it a big giant thumbs up think you have
so much for the love and support you
guys always show and do me yeah you guys
are seriously the best gang in the world
and I'm about to go downstairs right now
so I'll see you guys cuz nas way now so
I'll see you guys next time oh yeah yo
yo guys we're here I'm with the homie na
z Z naught Z Z what's up man two years
ago we were here not two years later
we're back and do me i'ma show you guys
look at this it is beautiful so many
people but everyone is like in their own
world man look wow this is Medina right
yeah Wow mashallah New York
more serie a minute sir I do man no good
he said Allah is og hey he said he
wishes for me to get married why do you
wanna get married
really thank you so much so cute no man
look this business is booming here in
Medina man all the ladies are getting
such as as a supplement nas buddy buddy
you need KFC ok KFC
ok KFC ok you know what that means and
everything doesn't these guys look at
the Starbucks mammoth it's so like mini
man and tall people probably been like
as you guys can see here this is the
boys line and that's the girls line they
have her separate here the Starbucks hi
guys we finally got our Starbucks
everyone keeps talking to Naz in Arabic
they think he's Arabic and then I feel
like a translator man every person man
nos comes to me
he's Adam translate and I'm like oh my
god so the next person I got trading for
I'm a vlogging I'm gonna do some
shopping and after that we're gonna go
for a Mac and I'm a take you guys with
us man what you got bro you're at
someone's shop man
you have a lot of money french fries go
man I feel so bad man little kids here
is so cute they trying to sell like a
little Cologne and stuff and me and Naz
we literally have no cash so Naz right
now he's buying him some food we're only
going around using our cards but if we
knew where they had cash but we did it
so Naz right now has a second side
did he give us some food shame that you
really gnarly nice guys he said his son
looks exactly like me
he looks just like me hey that means
he's a he's an amazing person let me see
him let me see him
let's see hi guys we're about to see my
twin let's see how it goes
oh wow how do you do that I'm miss
mustard so much me I'm Austin I love me
10 hours later guys look at my twin
right there yeah that's me give it my
Salam or his body never just like that's
crazy guys it looks like we won right
that's good
as long as the game maybe somebody
what's up G
huh I have no cash I'm sorry man I'll
give you a hug though oh man from New
York New York I have no cash I'm so
sorry we only have card I feel so bad
sorry I didn't come prepared well at
least the blog makes them happy to make
some smiles so that's that's a good
thing right I guess so thumbs up
hi guys we side with you right now have
kuchi flip-flops nice got massage seen I
don't see for us and he's holding a good
last time someone took them and just
warrants okay input
tomorrow
right hi guys we just got done praying
negative anima our slippers is Gucci
we're good we got this so let me tell
you guys something straight no one
steals here people here just put on
slippers and go the last thing they
would do here is steal they just
literally just put on slippers they
don't care how it is they put on and
just leave so that's why I mean last
last time they put on our slippers and
left it to me gang I just got to Mecca
it was like a 5-hour journey all the way
from Medina you guys will see my journey
doing my Umbra and going from Medina to
Mecca in tomorrow's vlog so I cannot
wait for every single one you guys watch
it do me gang I have some more news my
older brother just called me and he told
me the specific day his second son which
is his third kid that is coming soon
inshallah I'm not gonna let you guys
know the exact date but I will tell you
guys that it's in May and I'm so so
excited because there's a lot of you
guys who have been watching me for like
five six years since the beginning and I
feel like this is like season 3 season
one was with Rhema around 2012 in 2013
season 2 was was more said when MRSA was
born which was like 2014-2015 and season
3 is now gonna be the second the second
boy which I don't know what his name is
gonna be yet I don't know yet but that's
gonna be season 3 doing and I feel like
season 4 might be I don't might be my
kid I don't know I don't know thumbs up
if you want season 4 to be to be my
child I don't know maybe I will maybe I
won't who knows but yes to do me if you
guys can keep the baby in your prayers
to come out healthy and happy I'm so so
excited I cannot wait for you guys i'ma
to see the third kid going crazy alright
guys but right now I got something
different to talk to you guys about
because once I got here put on my Wi-Fi
because there's literally no service
here at all I got my Twitter and I've
seen a lot of you guys tweeted me about
the ACE family specifically Austin
McBroom and a lot of you guys are
telling me oh my god he roasted you oh
my god he mentioned you he mentioned
your name he said something and in my
head I'm like wait hold up what did he
say well I go and watch the video and
this is what I see
homie don't you play basketball so I
looked up some of the highlights and not
that he is the true definition of never
judge a book by its cover
rice gum you might want to take a break
in fortnight o start practice for my
next opponent rice gifts are for
pronounce your name wrong but you look
like the type of fools like me in high
school it looks like you played all the
sports which at the same time I think is
your weakness
absolu make a sport and stick to it to
be honest I didn't really know what he
was doing I thought he was talking about
boxing because the whole trend of boxing
and everything but I did some research
and it's not about boxing is actually
about basketball and pretty much what
he's doing he's calling out a lot of
people to play him in basketball he even
called out Justin Bieber laughter do in
my research and seeing what exactly he
wants to do and seeing that he wants to
have a basketball game and the loser has
to put in fifty thousand dollars to a
charity of the other person's choice
which is really really dope by the way
that's one thing that I really respect
about you guys days family Austin I
respect that so much because ksi and
Logan they're having this whole big
fight and they're giving 0% to charity I
also did my research on Austin playing
basketball and it showed up that I used
to play college basketball and I seen
his girlfriend Catherine mentioned that
he should have been in the NBA
okay damn college basketball and almost
in an NBA but you know what I'm up for
it but how about we do this I play you
at your sport and you now play me at my
sport which is boxing are you up for
that challenge so Austin now it's up to
you to let me know if you're up for that
challenge
cuz I'm up for your challenge and just
how you're looking to do it for charity
I'm also looking to do it for charity
but yes with that being said I think
what he's doing is great especially that
it's for charity
also Austin you did say my last name
correctly so good job other than that do
me gang I will be wrapping up the vlog
right now if you guys enjoyed this vlog
make sure you give it a thumbs up do not
forget to subscribe because I'll upload
every single day I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me a take care and peace I
love you
you
