hey guys what's up to do me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so far I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day hey do me
getting today's a day where I visit my
old high school and my old middle school
they are both in the same building I
went to this school from 2005 until 2010
from seventh grade all the way until
twelfth grade and if you guys do not
know I see get bullied a lot for being
Muslim especially after 9/11 so the
first time ever that I entered the
school I told everyone then I was
Hispanic because I was so afraid if
people will start building me again for
being Muslim I used to have some crazy
crazy fights in the school I had fights
with teachers students principals
security guards I even got expelled from
the school and that also had a
restraining order in the school for five
years five years has gone by I could
come through I did a tweet about the
school the other day and one of my
teachers got in touch with me and this
teacher she's my favorite favorite
teacher she inspired me to be the man I
am today and she's allowing me to go
inside the school to say hi say what's
up to the students and to help our
students in their that went through the
same thing as I did never be afraid to
tell people where from always be proud
hey do me gang I'm visiting my old high
school middle school the building is
right there
this is how this is how I used to walk
when I still go to school man this is
crazy
Oh
nice to walk through here with my
bookbag on let's go like this this
school is right here before we go inside
the school I just want to show you guys
a place where I had a big big fight and
where I would always have my fights
which is down there let's walk down
there bug down bye guys we're almost
there at the place where I used to fight
I'm gonna put the picture here I'm not
gonna show you guys the video because I
do not want my youtube video deleted I
still have so many fights in this area
and it was right around the corner here
in Harlem and I have around 20 minutes
to go see my teacher and to explore the
school and see what's up so Wow it
changed so much right here they moved
the gates they used to be gates here I
have so many fights I see Beulah I don't
know if the teachers area gonna be the
same so ah let's go inside and see see
how it goes man let's do it man do we
get thick with him what's up man this
whole school right here thought I was
gonna be a lowlife this whole school
right here thought I was gonna be in
prison I couldn't let my family down
there's a lot of teachers in there who
had a big impact with me so thank you
guys so so much and to the teachers who
would meet see me and stuff it's all
good in the hood I still love you guys I
still forgive you guys this was my home
man look at this thank you look at this
hi guys the only reason why I'm going
inside this building is because of my
middle school Isaac Lewin I'm not
allowed to visit my high school because
of all the issues that I had but my
middle school eyes ignored
now Miss Starsky thank you so much it's
no VAT thank you guys so much
I'm uh I'm ready to go inside and let's
see
this is crazy wins
I get a picture yeah first night okay
chillax boguslav man I got it
forget that class the student doing a
 they are visiting I'm Isaac going
right now doctor visit alright guys that
was one of my teachers he was so cool
I was just like
yeah
Adams classes my second class very nice
music so second year teacher it was my
first time teaching ela and I had two
classes of kids and for some reason
Adams class we just really got along
well it was the first time but I was
like yes this is why I became a teacher
so when miss Lam told me that I was
doing all this crazy stuff and he was
like a huge like come on think I wanna
be really transparent I was thinking
about you because for being thinking
about you because his brother Mehmet
he came too high of a movement from
young from the and he really struggled
at first and we all caught up came
together to be the best teachers we
could for him
what's your name new man and you have
come where Yemen Romania here
see you guys remind me of myself I used
to be in this position at one time
a new vegan egg I had a great great time
in AIESEC new in my middle school it was
so amazing miss Starsky miss Nova thank
you guys so much you guys were seriously
the best ever right now behind means
Manhattan Center this is my high school
and I don't know any teachers around
nice to go down there I see her on these
areas let's go try to sneak in inside
manners guys I'll give huge thank you to
the man right here the key no ties no
wait phone so long and he's cool I don't
feel like I was back in class so I'll
just stay in there like this
yeah what's up man how's it going how
you guys doing
I got kicked out of my senior I got
expelled in my my senior and that was it
wow what a crazy crazy experience how
was that it was a long day honestly I
loved being able to see items like past
I got a nice view into it it was crazy
but was exhausting yeah he shot at Isaac
knowing man Isaac knowing thank you guys
so so much Manhattan Center even though
I was it in there you guys still got my
love I love you guys
Isaac knowing though thank you thank you
miss Starsky Thank You mr. Novak you
guys are amazing thank you all of icing
on the students
you guys are so so amazing and I promise
I'll come visit you guys every single
year because you got a dope man I want
to do a lot more of this like you know
going to schools and doing talks so let
me know what school I'm on yo me to go
to next right meet you man all wrong man
oh man the Dean that I had a fight with
and stuff he was not there he's not
there no more there's so many people
that are like aren't there anymore it's
like new people so like that was so
different but the craziest part is that
all the best wish they'd write huh all
the best teachers stayed right yeah all
the besties only the best teachers said
all the bad ones left I promise you they
knew I was coming Alejo Adams coming do
me gang I'm with slim right now I was
telling him about my crazy day in my
middle school in high school pretty much
I snuck inside my high school my middle
school I was invited Isaac Newton once
again thank you guys so much you guys
enjoyed this video make sure you give it
a thumbs up and do me a thumbs up if you
guys are inspired thumbs up because
everyone all you guys can achieve your
dreams and become successful to make
sure guys focus and work hard also do me
yeah I want to give a huge
congratulations to the man money kicks
he aside so when finiti 1finity right
now it's a squad of me um slim and the
money kicks as like the artist in there
and stuff but it's a whole team behind
it so it's uh we're just starting and
it's it's gonna keep progress in like
you know right now all we're doing is
going up
wha-ha yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
video
o ISM took a lot so like with so much
emotions going on to go into that school
I hope you guys enjoyed it thumbs up and
do me again if you made today's vlog
thumbs up only see every single one you
guys thumbs up thank you guys I love you
guys for all the love and support and
I'm a mole once for your head stop
watching you speak on my name Oh our
name I'll see you guys some now is gonna
go take a hello where you been
where you been I've been waiting here
the whole time for you I've been waiting
here a long time for a long time you've
been missing Marisa
