hey guys myself right now we're at
Dunkin Donuts hey guys you know you just
had a two hour workout and
can eat some donuts and some ice cream I
don't know it was just like only in
America this Dunkin Donuts uh McDonald's
subway right next to the gym like
literally look this is Dunkin Donuts
right here this is Duncan doughnuts
Jim is right there literally like a few
steps is right there 19x thinking I need
a new gym buddy I don't wanna work out
with you guys this you want to work out
these awards
tell me something change what's your
fist out over here where except for like
two minutes and it gives you this
wonderful is good for me I'm worried you
know motivating having me shop in
eurasia I need a new gym partner so if
you guys want to Steve
I'm seriously leaving guys it's pretty
cold out tonight
so I'm just gonna go home now because
the gym is literally right next mouth
okay so we came up with a name for our
2014 tour and what did we call it
drum roll this is the symbol just erases
2014 tour all right say come on do this
it's called this is a start tour in be
right here this is the start and tour
because we felt like that this is this
is our star tour like you know we just
we're still 20 years old we're so very
young and this tour is like it's like
the start of everything after this tour
we're gonna start filming our TV show
and we're gonna start filming the movie
that we're gonna be in so just like the
start first so a shuttle you guys will
will be with us and by side and shall we
meet almost all of you guys cuz we
really really want to meet you all like
the people we see on Twitter the people
we see I think that we see like always
mentions this stuff we want to meet you
guys you want to see how to want to see
if you guys a real life so she decided
he doesn't want to eat with me
and I want to go eat somewhere else he
wants to go eat somewhere else he's so
cool for that but in the Charter I don't
try to scare him right now cuz he's
gonna come out the place he just texted
me said he's here and it comes up I
wanna like I'm looking for I'm looking
for like ghetto people like like
gangsters to scare him be like go with
something I can't find any gangsters and
queens
you know what against is that in Queens
man I know I don't know if I should walk
now should I go
I'm scared
slowly
story
other things call me I think oh I got it
get moving when you have huh cooling
with you
yo why'd you pick up three buckets
ourselves huh things is a joke huh it's
not a job we're gonna show you guys how
first dates go like there's a lot of
types of first dates that that happened
stuff that we think happens so this is
this is it so I'm the husband or should
say the boyfriend I don't know but you
had a guy I'm the girl how's it gone the
girl that's how it goes so how you doing
baby wait maybe come on question do you
know what it is yeah baby I got you
don't cross the night yeah you're gonna
have to hit me to go through you don't
about it you're gonna have to hit me to
go through you baby come on baby
let go of my hand I don't does our first
date I'm sorry maybe what's wrong with
you sorry the most we can do is hug
right that's it please so what's the
 Miami yeah I need a warm you out
girl listen I can't all right yeah I'm
sorry I don't I'm gonna make sure you
know I black go on Facebook did I hit
can you tell me who love me a lot like
really yeah
yeah like I think everything I think
everything about you oh my god what do
you really love about like like time oh
sorry sorry I'm not excited you know
yeah we're not I can just tell me just
friends right now yeah man yeah you know
it's just I like a lot about you are you
so nice just we
well friends can do this right yeah
right right friends in do this do what
get this close uploaded Instagram
picture quickly somebody's calling
private yeah who is that is that your ex
no give me let me channel is private
some let me check or something shark
Riley is the ex calling up rival I
didn't let my living topped it let me
know is one but you let me talk to her
yeah you know my cold guys let me talk
to her yes you know Mike Ortiz with that
girl relax it's open how you know my
code hello oh my god hi mom don't come
please my man Mike that's not freaky mom
she's my queen and angel don't talk to
you like that
now look there
you're going against my happened today
so
look Betty I mean
all the guys theorem
I can't do anything about it it's like
seriously making all you know how does
one school boys really good today in gym
class I was spotting and
I just want why do you always talking
about yourself for me so I mean you saw
our way sorry it is our birthday
so tell you like
so I mean I don't know I like the color
blue I like the color blue
I like play basketball boxing what about
you
that's cool can you come here now I
can't
it's so awkward please
can you live there real quick
with an amazing
a chance a my breadsticks
when a savior I want to be ruled out all
for you
also now you think it's broken why do
you care why am I like I can love myself
more
I don't need your help I love Rima damn
you love yourself girl
I love Rima I love Rima Wow I love Adam
okay I'm sorry
girl if you guys don't know what a
monkey stop if you guys don't know when
we tell you guys a story before Reba was
born when I wanted it I wanted her to be
a boy and they they told me they told me
that they told me that she's gonna be a
girl and I got seriously so mad like I
didn't talk to to my brother I was like
man I wanted me to have a boy I don't
know why and then after that like she's
a she's a girl now and like I never know
I would love her this much and like hang
out with her this much like she's
seriously like like my life oh my god
I'll take that back no why I wanted a
boy just be thankful for whatever you
have a boy a girl doesn't matter he's
still human and yeah it room was amazing
like I can't I can't ever imagine her as
a boy I think if she's a boy I wouldn't
love her as much like I don't know hey
I'm gonna go go say bye say I love you
hey give them a kiss you missed them you
do a lot how can I get out my room hi
guys so it's time to wrap up this vlog
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog and this
little silly stuff we always do we hope
you guys enjoy we actually Emma stop
don't you guys don't know yet we finally
named that tourist called this is the
start tour we are gonna be having we
have some good news and I don't know if
I should see ya I'm not gonna say yeah
but something that involves a lot of
cities in a country like we'll see you
guys tomorrow make sure you guys go
Turkey and give this video a thumbs up
Rema what do you want what is this give
me lemme see ya
what'd you get this from why are you
opening a pill box nobody tells you open
the stuffy
say sorry okay say thumbs up room say
thumbs
huh take care I hope you guys all have a
great day we'll see you guys tomorrow
and peace
