I'm truly to come hey guys what's up
right now we are here in the city about
to go to the Brooklyn Bridge
I don't know first I'm gonna go there
cuz like freezing cold but we're just
gonna walk and chill around and yeah
something an item gentlemen's club
sorry a few guys report I don't go to a
club man
right now we're with the homie what's in
it wha
this is Lola he despaired us yo what's
up whatever sit I'm from Mali man West
Africa way what's up Charlotte Somali
yeah we all Muslim right now with no man
you know yeah I found any tickets I pass
all these like so big when the UK yours
so we're gonna wear the UK flag hat and
it feels cool oh it always with American
yeah
meanwhile deal you know you know
whoa man
oh yes Dakota this is my stop so the
police my snaps after your they push
backs you know why God's gotta be so
immature sit down sit down sit down
it was simply started it's about the
little kids listen you guys need to grow
up
all right act like real men no terror
selling no snitching sit down
surrounding a little baby Shh be quiet
close your eyes go to sleep be quiet
cause I don't see oh yes just solloway
oh no no way what the heck yeah what
check out this animal
look at it guys I new things make sure
say anything I open tell you then look
inside say then yeah shouldn't is
nothing in there look that's gonna go
into my pocket take out a card but don't
look don't look at it can i we got it no
one no one could like Adelaide I turn
around look at it show - it's in your
name okay I just don't want you to get
all of us enter names in it oh hi shiny
new right
so yeah
so let's wow yeah it's not in the OP no
personality
yeah
what's my good the henkka see inside of
here what lucky non the envelope I put
my pocket oh right yeah
this is good
come on man because that's just the
weirdest that is that just damn I need I
need to rewind that and see someone
shake is scared like what the hell be no
for me
Oh
put it back
so
I see it could you push that in now we
hear no sign of shock therapy Joe you
can't
so you got it materializes Alicia yeah
Super Bowl xlviii the only football game
that area everybody watches the whole
America she who do things into an
American football nice oh holy thing is
playing in the Super Bowl shake waiting
to you ha who are you gonna go for
I think the t-nuts no.1 is team with the
bigger people say what this is stuff
fake football who do you love is the
receivers Manchester United legends yeah
ovation United Soccer well I mean
football yeah this nigga wrong oh
because I went towards our us right now
and it says Super Bowl xlviii but shake
is gonna explain to me why it's 48 and
I'm a see if he knows let's let's see
your explanation alright so do tell
Roman numbers the numbers have been
changed as following the XML stands for
40 okay why what do you mean why why is
it 40 because you see the X that's a
four and the L is zero four feet
okay slim you love everything yeah I
could be dying you'll be laughing and
then you see the V and then the 3 which
is a 5 plus 3 which okay okay 48 okay
why you did it wrong cuz look the X the
X Emma and L they never change nothing
the L is 50 right if there's an X behind
it you take out 10 from it which is 40
civil law
voila that's crazy see the same thing
that's for it's right it's right down
before you haven't put a one behind the
wheel pretty smart yeah I thought you're
the smart one huh I'm mr. president what
is the president afternoon of all
president ask you some all right Yeah
right
guys you better keep him out of water I
support you down for me I was born yet
you before you before choose iam back be
I'm gonna take you back to bang much go
swim in the river you can't go take a
shower
sorry I thought we're gonna kicked out
cuz you go okay the other immature one
we're having a nice normal argument oh
nice how many get all you you offended
you offended my country
well this reason I got you too mom I
just got you - yeah
this guy's never he never stops laughing
whenever recording me laughs you know
precisely that jacket it looks tough
like what is it wasn't my clip I saw
some right now he's gonna guess he he's
gonna make sure who's the knee within
the entire but I'm a Jew mothers oh my
god I know this guy's st. malachy
obvious person
this guy is Harry stop this is now in
the middle one I know the other one is
me named Niall this one he's now yeah
his name night Nigel Nigel Nigel well I
don't three Nigel Harry stars and Nigel
there's no Nigel interaction yeah mister
what kind of wonder he speak I am a
teacher to be director night I gotta get
some more yes wallah omega-3 Nigel net
nail nail
Zayn Malik and Perrie / only hours old
daily I already know what say my guy
says hey Malik okay that's Harry Styles
in the middle okay
that's Liam Liam Payne ass Niall Niall
Niall Niall
that's Louie Louie you know what the
thing that girls go go crazy mad or you
could leave your believer I'm a
direction and a belieber though I guys
it was time to wrap up this flag hope
you guys all enjoyed this flag I was
supposed to fly Grima but then I got
home and I went to my room and she was
sleeping my room and all my nieces and
nephews were sleeping in my room so now
I gotta sleep in the living room on the
floor but I love sleeping on the full
floor cuz you could just roll over to
anywhere so thank you got so much well
the moments of poor hope you guys
enjoyed make sure you guys go Turkey if
you enjoyed these vlogs that you guys
watch we'll see you guys tomorrow take
care have a great day be safe and peace
