hey guys what's up it is insane black
Sundays and we are at Queens with a
squeeze Flushing Queens
this is Flushing Queens mainstream lush
in a toilet toilet
we told him y'all let's go there's a
place called Flushing Queens so he
thought he was like what do you mean
flush the toilet everybody smoked here
man making me cough ah you're gonna give
me a result huh PartyPoker
yeah give me massage are people eating
here is that you result no wait not yet
give me massage I want a nice massage
how much is massage give me a nice
massage here I'll give you two dollars
right now good get two dollars I'll give
you miss Allen ah like that nice
who knows I do you like this this is for
free I got a charge so every time we
come to clean his house his mom always
gives us the makes me feel like ah yeah
yeah man that's how our herbs are shakin
it looks I bet you didn't see that the
same way it is his mom to be massive
then like your mom you guys gonna come
to mouths oh yeah I can invite you guys
you know some nice acid and stuff you
know sassy have you tried it I like it
yeah have you tried it before I have
tried it long time
oh you try before do you think you like
it does anything it looks good
honestly looks nice well really your
song you put your fingers I don't eat
that
oh yes I do it uh I thought you're
saying I see you like I see that's a
juice anybody anybody good drink juice
huh hey you guys got chassis view and
just for that I'm a poison your seed you
nasty you put your hand in it a video
with a spoon or something beautiful
isn't she
I mean don't you eat don't eat rice with
your i-20 with your hands I am and not I
want together find your finger then I
mean you have your own side so that's
how it is
this one I'm using I marry yeah many
ways you can make it all time Oh real
you're gonna marry your wife I shake
looking for a young mini girl and cream
was looking for a Lebanese girl got my
pet snake here oh it's coming his name
is Rafi
coffee's on me hello Ruffy haha Alfie
no you bit me do oh I think you like oh
the ones I'm hand sanitizer likes it
yeah let's really kasoori your item
watch out man it's going towards you
Adam doing towards my snake who loves me
like yeah just bit your chest it loves
me and tell you this is gonna bite he's
still got a scared even what's a fake
sneak oh my god stop oh my god stop Oh
daddy you got picked up a fake snake
it's not real I make a little bit like
it's like how it like like toad like
this and then Nick likes wiggle woah
woah oh oh it's so real Joey it's trying
to bite me but it's gonna come at you so
I just got back from the post office and
you guys just went turkey bacon and I
had to take two trips to bring these to
my house because I couldn't carry at
once and I was so scared of somebody
robbing outside and seeing me carrying
these all these stuff so thank God
nobody didn't and everything's great but
I will check every single one of these
and thank you guys so much
our peel box info is below and we always
do film it and put it up on whatever we
check and get and we appreciate all the
stuff you guys always send us and let's
check something we got now maybe what is
this this is a I don't know what's
called a decorative solar light maybe
it's like a nightlight or something I
don't know I hope it's not something
creepy it is umm please chocolate it
this is the second time you guys tricked
me but I'm even more happy that it's
chocolate and this is one of my favorite
chocolates to link door thank you so
much serene you're amazing and you
tricked me
this is the second person that tricks me
and you guys need to chill out with
these pranks before I get you guys back
but thank you so much Zuri I don't know
let's check what this is really big and
it says Amazon and it just has my name
on it I don't really know what this is
and this is July 16
thank is this wait what your you have
got to be kidding me
who sent this yeah New Jersey said a
GoPro way holla
is this real or fake oh my gosh is this
real
hello wait wait wait I hope I'm not
getting tricked this is real yeah I'm
I'm about to tear right now who sent
this there's no name enough gift note as
I'm a big fan of your channel on YouTube
and I would like to thank you for a
great video which shows that Islam is a
peaceful religion your brother so far al
Kitani from Saudi Arabia studying in New
Zealand he sent do you just send a GoPro
oh my good this I'm tearing I don't know
how to you but what the hell you didn't
have to do this man you're crazy
oh my so far al Kitani oh you're amazing
and I just I feel bad and I feel happy I
don't know man you just mixed feelings
right now
I'm p.m. AM PM say Oh mom thank you so
much so far al Kitani from Saudi who is
studying in New Zealand we will be using
this for vlogs and videos and stuff and
this man I can't I'm seriously
speechless abut this is gonna keep us
going but just please do not waste too
much money on this stuff makes us feel
bad I mean it does make us happy and
stuff to like you know we appreciate the
support but makes us feel so bad but
thank you so much so far you were
amazing you're an amazing supporter we
appreciate you so much so far and we'll
always stay humble thank you so much
good I'm all right I'm gonna give you a
heart attack you gotta stop scaring me
in front of all these people to make it
look like a pool like a full all good in
the hood there's like legit bats here
flying around and it's so scary oh come
on I'm sure you guys I'm sure you guys
the best right now huh love you Oh gotta
find the bat tell me you see it shut up
is not a bird it's actually a real bat
because what the way it flies is
different what the hell do you just say
yo every bite you turn the bat man right
yeah
do you know you don't turn it back man
oh look
oh man you thinking since wallet is
brave he's gonna go catch one attachment
way enough for you guys let's go I just
go to do it I'm gonna so don't let it
fly off don't let it fly off go where is
it hold so let it crawl and don't don't
crack let it crawl on you what is this
what is it I don't know man I should
that it's a baby bad nasty man you just
care can you teach me how to do it I
don't wanna do it easy what is more let
me try
like this let me drive like this sorry
you gotta use your hands go like this
like this yeah very easy
right yeah usually I'm gonna mention
uh-huh we sup guys i'ma show you guys a
little magic you know I'm saying shut up
little magic v√§ri oh oh good living oh
yeah I represent look always looking an
atom but be pregnant now
oh how I do what oh okay yeah put a sexy
shake shake shake shake
we're the 10 Jason yell this all the way
back to do next okay come on direct I do
other days you do train into Darby I
don't want to do it here this is like
please go chase you all that's gonna
matter is if I get shot I really okay
right now the time is right now about a
12 o'clock yes and we were we were
walking outside all better of yes and
any I know in doing in the Union see
Yaya shortened eyes I think this also in
in the country of Arab we have a union
Union and all you people who need union
you guys are better than edge we just
met I'm watching him Marwan Marwan and
was named Charlotte head much and
stopped there from here from Europe and
yes it was a true story NSA and and I
will film is now you know reveals idol
rock and thank his own special special
hello to Rima I bet you a cola higher
good I got so it's time to wrap up this
vlog and I'm sad to say that there is no
Rima action this week because she is our
cousin's house but she will be back next
week and you guys miss her more so I
miss her more so it makes us makes me
want her more so and we've been fixing
up our College schedule and stuff and
it's sad to say that there will be no
AAS a daily vlogs but there will be a sa
vlog Sundays and there will be a say
random vlogs it's going to be randomly
up so make sure you guys subscribe to
this channel we have over 40,000
subscribers on this channel thank you
guys so much for that make sure you
subscribe if you have it and make sure
you subscribe to our channel because
we're gonna be having a new video that
we want you guys to be involved with it
too and this is how it goes you guys are
going to tweet us with the hashtag true
story a essay or you guys can comment
below anything any dare any anything
that you want us to do like you can say
um hey Adam share can you go to Dunkin
Donuts and twerk hey Adam Michelle can
you look for a wife for a husband for me
hey can it's like you know we're gonna
have a video of like a compilation of a
crazy dares we're gonna show the tweets
or the confidence that you guys tell us
and we're gonna go do it and it's going
to be cool and funny we're gonna make
our own true story a sa way so stay
tuned with that tweet us
Twitter's our below or hear or comment
below and it should be fun just don't
tell us to do anything crazy cuz we
ain't tryin to get in trouble
alright we're trying to get in trouble
so we'll see you guys next Sunday or
maybe sometime this week and hopefully
hopefully you guys have been doing well
we love you guys so much and thank you
guys for all the support
hi guys so take care hope you guys have
an amazing day an amazing night our
amazing afternoon guys peace take care
and we'll see you we'll see you we'll
see you then take care alright cool cool
you cool be cool we go
cool
