this is thought of Ithaca and many other
fashion stupid music maybe you hey guys
I'm Adam and I'm shake and this is true
story anything we're making this video
because we are nominated for the Shorty
Awards as YouTube star we want to
nominate us for YouTube star not only
because we make funny videos and
inspiring but we also brighten up
people's days we do a lot of variety of
videos we don't just make people laugh
you also do videos to inspire others and
serious videos and a lot of variety of
stuff you know hitting up shake and
stuff like that you know Laster we want
to use YouTube as a positive way to
connect with the world so yeah this is
why we believe that you guys should
nominate us I move every nominee but
yeah we believe that this is the reason
why you should put us to the top and
helpless get the would truly mean a lot
you guys can help nominee of this below
all it takes is just one click you click
there and you do write a reason why you
want us to be nominated in it'll help us
a lot and right now we should be okay
right now
thank you so much for you go on Twitter
and you try to tell your buddy to
nominate us right now so this shorty
work so I don't know what that is then I
can me well we're gonna tell you what it
is get me do it if you're easy
I'd like to give a good reason because
you just met us right now sweet foot
thank you so much what's up can you not
need us for YouTube's no motherfucking
number will nominate you motherfucker
keep moving keep moving
okay keep it moving keep playing with us
the city sir come on come on ain't no
way mouth ain't no any money now name I
go to the failure okay eight right now
alert ain't nobody care too fucked up
ain't nobody care
