hey guys what's up right now we're at
Macy's and in the in the couch spot you
know why because our house is my house
is full of my family his house is full
of his family so we have to go this is
like our shelter home we came to Macy's
and we're gonna say in the couch so
thank you so much shout-out to Macy's
Thank You workers thank you hey it's
pretty fun in Chile it is Wi-Fi there's
plugs you could charge your phone you
can eat could drink water
there's or the lay down that not load it
is like a lot of beds helluva sofas a
lay down on the couch whatever you want
to do TVs we're gonna play this game
it's called um uh heads up
it's the Elven game I downloaded it from
my my phone and do not a play alright so
I'm gonna play so I I'm gonna it's
called acted out I'm gonna do I'm gonna
play something my Ford of it and it's
gonna come up to me whatever it is and
you have to act it out as good as you
can so I could know it yeah me like so
safe it says I'm a basketball yeah go
like activist you can you cannot speak
cannot see them okay
and when I get it right I'm put like
that then you can do your turn ready
okay buddy wait what um pray um figure
finger bring proposing um what what good
marry marriage marriage tell me yes sir
yes sir oh yeah um are you pretty slow
in going to get because hold on can I
talk no you can't talk um it is walking
look what the hell is this I guess
skipping
- running um meditating c.b.c ball yeah
oh hey walking roller skating no no
scheme what roll boarding boat
Rebecca jump rope yeah Oh totally no
pass pass
what is that is another one
mother uh I should come look watch will
escort you you're being recorded like
damn I like idiot holy videos nobody
okay but um bring up do you reckon I
seem right put it up so fast what
Halloween you're but Halloween a Treat
basket
what are you always getting Halloween
ever taught you the fast fast buck oh
you guys it right with us huh but hi
thank you thank you resident resident I
reach speech one this octo fee Jovi
award award yeah good I don't even know
pass hey you guys
up up brush teeth right indeed yes
hey you doing Salvy yeah oh wait wait
waiver are you doing wait calling
calling back
a bus bus bus wait but a Baathist taxi
taxi go let's give a flower yeah
oh it's coming good draw a girl oh
that's how good you look you ever
recording me right like you're putting
the camera way up higher
I saw shake once ago use a bathroom and
the heads up the heads up game you could
customize it and make make up your own
like things so I've put there I was like
Miley Cyrus face it's working um um my
papa poop
I put shakes an idiot and I just wrote
like I just wrote like stupid stuff and
I went to see if he's gonna act it up so
when it comes back let's see how this
goes do this one I ready
her womb that telly alright so I'm gonna
do another one and guys ready yeah
pretty much I sit down a spot don't
stand up enough ready I have to show you
guys Daniel okay ready and no talking on
target sir
thanks that ah Hannah Montana Oh Miley
Cyrus time yeah yes um oh my god this
like to jdcot to you where's that come
from you said no talking write that song
like song
yeah what is it singing again what
that's not the song song - J take 2
volume reading um should do it with eggs
if I grab your butt here grabbing your
blanks looks like this huh what's
another word for shit what
what comes out here but nice wait feces
no crap poop yeah Dexter I think it's so
nasty what else comes out here I just
did are you a nice party you set this up
yeah he put them good one money.i his
face bite farting oh and we figure out
the hellish a no use Michael move you
could customize it you can make your own
thing so yeah your mighty serious face
is priceless he's like Oh Mike humming
sighs I think you're really grab your
ball you got a cabin up grab my wallet
oh you dig looks pretty cool
giggles mrs. flour here
let's messed up here yeah it looks
painful
they this part of Times Square is no
longer used to be a street they just
made like they just made a floor just
now so - trouser what is that asabi
piece just try it's for wipeout right
right let me let me have for you I'm on
an another body I don't like mommies I
don't like peace at all you know just
eat them every event yeah I'm good this
is a little bourbon good we just want to
say that for the Shorty Awards for true
sorry saying we're competing for
YouTube's or he's competing for actor
hashtag actor so we're not competing
against each other but we are it would
be like a debka competition like oh yeah
so one cool few guys we want to vote for
us on the Shorty Awards you can vote for
both of winning so please link should be
people wanna get it yeah we want to get
him to number one and I want to go to
number one as an actor number one is
YouTube star we can just together be
awesome together yes so please vote vote
for both of us if you haven't bowed and
have a Twitter account make one and vote
for us people I think you've always just
booked you he has the link below he'll
have
blowing just a guy so it's time to wrap
up this vlog hope you guys all enjoyed
this vlog we are going to be having two
extra videos on the black channel today
which will be up at our from now then
another hour from now because we just
decided to give you guys two extra
videos since we're kind of been slacking
on this vlogs because it's been really
freezing outside and I just can't wait
till it's warmer and just when it's
sunny outside cuz it makes me so
depressed when it's so like like feeling
like rainy and stuff so hope you guys
understand we'll see you guys on Sunday
hope you guys all enjoy the videos we'll
have on the black channel we will be
having a new video on the main channel
something really really cool and our
first event of 2014 for our tour is
going to be in Chicago we will let you
guys know all the information soon we'll
make a own separate Chicago video to let
you guys know when where and all the
info is gonna be out so and I want to
give you a huge shout out to my youngest
nephew today his name is safe he just
turned two years old today if he is
watching this hi say f I love you so
much and I can't wait to see you you
barely come to my house and hopefully
you do come soon and I'll give you your
two big punches or like remodel every
might give you the punches and stuff and
say happy spicy say our fights back he's
a he's a he's a strong kid Michele oh so
say afters feel happy happy birthday if
I know how to sing I'll sing to you how
maybe but I can't I'll see you soon safe
bye say yeah hope you guys all enjoy
your night your day your afternoon
whatever we'll see you guys Sunday take
care and peace
member
