hey guys what's up today is day 27 this
27 right about daily Ramadan vlogs and
we're about to go do some crazy eat
shopping and you're shooting for
dressing that dress bring it to the
arrangement what dressing that's why one
of the blue floor gonna take a pillow
Chico
somebody said in the comments talk if it
is impossible to leave it to me
Hammacher
sneakers for
I'm gonna go eat shopping and we're
gonna see what's up how much is your hot
dog and I was going to walk outside then
after that LeBron James he came in he
shot the jump shots excuse me you know
what I was gonna go to the store but
then after that are you doing way from
we got spur oh they ignored me
baby so cute cheese as we are in making
and how video I'm gonna get this why but
then I tripped me want to throw your
mom's gonna throw it out the trip why
she's gonna think you rolled over let's
get something out something I don't like
how long how long this is the spot right
here
really come on the true something the
girl yeah we get something classy like
this you guys tell us below she got
something classy or something our own
style or whatever I like this best or I
sweat the fitting room right now by the
trying some clothes your shape you there
you don't open okay so I'm definitely
not feeling this I do not like it it
looks so freaking weird whose you yeah
yeah you look like you look like you had
the closer closer what I'm too cool you
like it do you think game no just come
in this is cook join you look like
you're you're like fluffs guy basic
philosophy everywhere you look anyways
oh I'm not I'm not feeling my either I'm
not yeah we look like it looks it looks
alright not that bad but I looked at it
I rather just my style that's good
you're actually better in there like
that says like I'm gonna have to work
like my wife just put on recording
anything
yeah looks dope alright so that didn't
work out let's try to get extra extra
classy clothes right now
yeah week this is like we're going to a
court date or something I was adjust my
style
alright so we can't try on the extra
extra classy clothes because so
shirts Vanessa so which is screw the
extra classical agenda our own style
already noted another extra class out
there now we're doing our standing
outside about you so what color you want
to get Ruth gonna try and show through
right i'ma try orange let's try orange
just to see how we look alright so I'm
in another fitting room back to try on
these clothes what that yeah I'm
not wearing this I did Alex a weird man
you sure you kidding worried want to see
you shake this is you should is it is it
good yeah that is it good are you love
you sorry this is a like a sign that's
up here the way I look like the more it
feels like you like the mood I like the
Sun right oh my god I think it's really
good on you oh my god is gonna look so
beautiful coming up that's the best eat
up a seat outfit girls girls you guys
right here get this this looks oh my
goodness this is the best I buy you
right there like a shows like the my my
belly button so I can show my tenet a
twos it'll show my hand I tattooed on
the side and it's gonna look beautiful
so we couldn't try on the girls clothes
cuz it was a girl fitting room and we
can't do that I want you to though well
you try to really try what are you
trying its furniture to go to sleep go
to see I wake you up during a thought I
take it upgraded I so win another
fitting room I'm gonna try these clothes
and why aren't the same if it wasn't
he'll go to your good old room huh no
chef and you guys do is you go to eat
like this
not that battery I actually like this I
don't I don't know doesn't like not that
fresh hi so you guys going to choose to
us cross this are the one before us I'm
doing before that so I'm high so we're
going to a different store which is one
of my favorite stores its Urban
Outfitters so screw Macy's we didn't
find nothing that's really good unless
you guys tell us that which outfit is
really good
Urban Outfitters is one of our favorite
places to shop and I'm probably anything
in my teeth out for there hopefully have
new stuff there yo you're gonna get
outfit there somewhere else
awesome route that's your store I got
you can get a 2 pack now see look I got
fish I got that I got I think I got one
of these hats
I almost everything man I need to change
it up a little something different
unique let's see
all right so I might just get these
pants because I never got any pants that
are these colors so actually like that
looks nice so it's perfect fit looks
cool and we are ready to go yeah all
right so we're here shopping right now
for you and you Kenya here I got some
thinner to the same thing go you want me
to wear the same thing for you like why
would I want to wear the same thing come
on this is mine rare I'm still debating
if I should get it and this is right
already worn once again those shoes that
would be a worse shirt to wear in
Ramadan I know
are you reading hot guys cute chicks are
you serious
what does it it's all about the heck
kidding me right yeah so this sudden I
get maid outfit this and that and I'm
look for shoes and a hat maybe not a hat
alright so we're looking for tank tops
and look what it says it says made in
Bangladesh your shake you made this one
your Bangladesh how do you when you made
it five five you meet all these wow this
child labor man so if that time in about
two minutes and I'm finally eating
something healthy sake what is it
smoothie this is a honey turkey with
some avocado and asiago cheese I don't
know what the hell that is
and some fat some fat in there I mean
what is this other telling us names of
order from the vet in like different
countries they have like tap water that
Deer Park
it's weird names and mountain areas of
the Commonwealth that's water let's call
it school something in see this this is
in America it's called smart water and
helps you out a lot this is like look
we're gonna show you guys right now what
it does I was one
five four five twenty-two what the
templates have 18 all right no no no all
right
oh come on Smita I was homeless 1 to 2
plus 2 4 10 plus 20 hey 64 the
story you should try it try it try hello
what's 10 times 10 5 6 plus 2 7 4 plus 9
are you serious man you gotta try this
man is smart water if this modern eight
plus is in class try now to smell all
right that's it gonna be too smart you
can be too smart right I tell me now
you're so dumb what's up five plus five
ninety so we know it varies Louise
Evelyn likes explicit that work give me
some more drink some more drink some
water
shut up Stan
five times 5 25 5 Plus 5 10 10 plus and
it's funny 12 plus 12 24 smart what is
the best viewing for your children it's
rated 3 2 G knows what something nice
about the returns you dumb they turned
us into smartness it turns your kids
from stupidity to smart hi guys so it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed this blog of our crazy eat
shopping and tomorrow we are gonna go
and film a video the pretending to be a
celebrity prank so hopefully it goes
well if it doesn't go well I don't think
there'll be a video because we're
risking it if it goes well there will be
a video so leave a comment below telling
us what you guys want to see them
pretending to be celebrity prank and
we'll do it
so flicking it can be crazy and yeah
hopefully goes well getting ready for
8:00 soon hope you guys are enjoying
your Ramadan and I hope you guys ends
off great so make sure you guys leave a
thumbs up to this video thing got so
much for always clicking that thumbs up
and not being lazy just so alright guys
take care we'll see you guys tomorrow
peace Rema it legally
