as-salaam-alaikum I hope to live over
the catch of brothers and sisters today
is day 26 of our daily double on vlogs
how you guys doing today and actually
woke up really late today and I didn't
get a chance to film anything or vlog
anything so right now it's about 8:30 I
just finished eating of that I could
even record the food because I was so
hungry and I was like man I recorded
nothing I'm just gonna eat so I ate so
yeah this vlog was just gonna be meet
Shalom my nieces and nephews my nephew
just came over we're just gonna chillax
so enjoy the vlog and tomorrow I'm gonna
take you guys with us to our each
shopping so we're gonna have some crazy
each shop and you guys gonna help us
choose what we should wear since it is
around the corner they're gonna do the
nuts quick challenge get back get back
get back to the corner have you guys
done it before have you guys tried it
yeah don't dummy go go then you're funny
hey they're like that what I do first is
gonna be hums is gonna go first and head
it up in Rima okay hold it I'm gonna
give you this bunch make it even yeah
yeah
are you gonna eat it after after 10
seconds you smile okay come on okay I
move back move back I smell that smile
smile smile you do did you
he was like tempting I'm gonna give you
a bite I smell nothing awesome yeah
that is my loca all right now the moment
has come
Rima let's see all right let's see if we
move in does it right okay I'm gonna the
biggest
is a small smile
we were so my goodness specified sure I
saw some I'm like halfway with China
finished over hand but I am inserted a
calf and yeah don't think I'm gonna
finish but I'm still gonna keep going
even if it's after Ramadan and I want
you guys give this video thumbs up if
you want mean shift to have a poor and
competition because he did his and I did
mine and I seen the comments ever it was
like you guys have a Quranic competition
because I remember when our Islamic
schools have Quranic competitions and it
was would be nice we're gonna call Hamza
my nephew and he thinks we're gonna blog
with him right now
and we're gonna take a big bottle of a
big bowl you wanna call water how cold I
still want to make a big bottle a big
bowl of cold water and I'm gonna put it
on top of the door and once we call him
to come vlog sack what's he calling to
come flag he's gonna run through the
door that is gonna spill all over him
and you guys are ready alright so we got
these bowls of cold freezing water and
we're not gonna put on top because we
decided it's gonna hit his head we don't
wanna hurt him we're just gonna wet him
so once he comes in I pull down
I'm Zack come of laggy come okay so
we're doing the true story I say Twitter
contest right now and I asked just give
me a reason why I should choose used for
shout out on the vlog and so many people
are saying crazy stuff you should put me
because I'm a Vegas man I don't know who
to choose man I wish I could choose all
of you guys you guys all go through
right here like oh you guys are getting
because I've watched all your videos
because I'm spongebob how to know a true
because I like some who says let's see
some more and the ones on there of this
here shout out to you Wes for staying up
til til 2:00 a.m. I just won a true
story a essay contest round she asked um
what band is he thinking of and I said
the spongebob band and I won let's go
baby I was so excited okay so I'm gonna
be doing a giveaway and it is this this
is what I got from The Ellen Show in
2012 when I was on her show and i'ma
show you this is like a I've never used
it so like all right this is like brand
new I barely used it and I don't know
what it's called it's like a 3 mm it's
like a movie thing you've of course
somebody then you close turn off the
lights and it's gonna be like a movie
and in order to win it you have to be
subscribed to our YouTube channel true
story a say and so our second channel
and you have to be following me on
Twitter since I'm giving it out not to
give it to you no given to somebody I'm
giving it away alright so I'm gonna show
you guys how this works and if you want
to mo if you want to win it then comment
below or tweet me and let me know why
you deserve it and I'll just true
somebody randomly I don't
no but I'll just do somebody randomly
hopefully you guys alright let's show
you guys that works that on that cordon
I go ready
that guy was recording see hi see
something what is watching this right
now that means they got it now and I'm
just gonna keep it safe than their phone
okay and you guys will see how cool it
is close it up
i turn the lights turn off the light
turn off lights
I see you render you can make it clearer
yeah
you've cleared up right now hey listen
very much it scares me buzzing a
hologram of you hi guys so it's time to
wrap up this flag I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog and for the Twitter
contest winners here is the first round
winner it was the Salima a cos artist
Lima a casa Messina wrong she guessed
Americana I've told them to to guess a
famous person who play sports and I was
Aamir Khan the boxer so congrats to you
to sliema
a cos hopefully I'm saying your name
right I round two the winner was Fatima
the batty mom like that
she was thinking of a city and the city
was Sydney and that's the place I really
want to go to Sydney Australia
so the third winner was Loreen Saleh she
gets chocolate ice crippled the word
chocolate and she got her right and she
actually won round 4 - and I don't know
how the hadn't I think that's possible
she gets a green for and she won
twice so it's like a double win that's
like she was
cheating me and you're treating a you're
disqualified
no TV are shut Patel I just told him to
convince to convince me and he said his
hands are dolphin and I don't know how I
chose him but he was he looked cool he
was a supporter and he's 11 years old
and stuff like that so shout out to you
ah chef Patel I'm six shout out to my
home my mom mom my mom
Mycenae neighbor I'm so sorry my home
mam mam mam mam mam alright I'm not
saying it wrong I'm sorry but she
guessed PS 2 1 4 which is I'm a shakes
old school I don't know how you guess I
really must be a psychic how we
supposed to know your school name man
huh and once again chef didn't vlog so
that's why he is in this vibro will see
him tomorrow cuz we're going each
shopping together
ok Larissa demo she gets sidekick and
she got her right and I asked her what
type of phone am I thinking of and it
was a psychic those was the best phones
back then and who used to have a man
died buddy used to have aim if you used
to have aim good round eight this was a
crazy winner
his name is Adam Sala he guests the
spongebob band what the question was
what band is shifting enough and
actually would not feel cool then
pre-august 146 and that's how many
videos we have 146 videos all together
on a black Channel and our main channel
well now it's 147 because of this video
so shout-out to you Priya Congrats
shout-out to saya Jemile for guessing
Johnny Adams which was a way back video
he died in a in a video wasn't really
dead just in a video shout out to Kim
Canole dish a si she guest call me baby
that was the first Apple Store dance
that I did and I liked your Twitter name
Kim Canova sh AAS a king
okay know that she came Kim okay now
shout out to mo Nia she guessed
cookies-and-cream
and she got that right so shout out to
you ammonia thank you so much for
everybody that participated in this
contest
hope you guys at least have fun with it
we're gonna be doing a lot more doing
we're gonna do a lot of different ones
soon I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow
make sure you give this video a thumbs
up if you guys are enjoying this daily
down without vlogs and you don't want it
to end and thank you guys so much for
all the support
we'll see you guys tomorrow and
peace take care love you I love you
