hey guys what's up and doomy gang hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day
dumi gang today's a crazy crazy wild day
I'm going outside with my dad because
he's about to give you my first-ever
driving lesson so let's go outside and
I'll see you guys in the next shot what
should be like so I got a doom in Harlem
some people split cars Wow
it's crazy man hi guys so let me tell
you guys the story when I was 17 years
old don't laugh at me you guys can't
laugh at me if you laugh at me imma get
really really mad
alright you can't laugh around when I
was 17 years old I failed my road test I
skipped the stop sign but the reason why
I skipped the stop sign because I seen a
tree that tree was black in the stop
sign I swear the tree was blocking a
stop sign and I was only 17 years old
and I drove fast to the stop sign and I
almost hit a car and then the lady that
was giving me the driving test she was
like get out pull over to the side you
failed and then ever since then I never
ever showed up to another road test now
with some seven years later I'm 24 years
old I don't have a driving license
enough and I just have a permit so my
dad right here the one and only boss is
gonna teach me how to how to drive what
I'll do first stop okay that'll break
press the brake hit the brake this is my
left leg alright hit the brake hit the
brake
yeah hmm start the engine yeah Wow nokey
dokey
no keep on then you're gonna know hold
the brake big over all right now reverse
yeah all right I'll put it all right Oh
oh did I get it yeah you could right
I haven't drove for so long you know how
you doing you okay you're right they
distracted me though the girls are
distracting hi guys the red light right
now I feel so much better you guys do
not know how much the nerves are kicking
it inside then how old are you when you
drove out 15 what the hell we jump on
you're 15
let me wipe em away that's what you say
what abuse again oh yeah get a sec can I
go watch it
let me go to pies of pizza yeah just two
pies extra cheese I love you more man no
no I love you way more cohesive this is
my first ever lesson to do me gang I'm
gonna get a lot a lot more about meeting
yourself smoking like smoking so much
when you gonna stop smoking
can we give you drugs your life stop oh
when I get my driver's license you're
gonna stop yes all right guys you guys
heard on camera when I get my driver
like that means I really have to get my
driving license when I get my driving
license my dad is gonna quit smoking
cigarettes all right thumbs up a doobie
Hank a few guys with me thumbs up all
right he's getting his last pose right I
kind of gonna pull mmm I can't get a
boat
it's not it's gonna look good baby when
I move I mean this is stressing sir sir
don't come on then
where'd you get it from Saudi where like
soon
sir Ben I need to go how am i driving so
far be honest good or bad this is 40%
what what out of what out of hundred hey
excuse me
alright guys I'm done with my first
lesson we're starting off slowly then
after this is gonna be like parking and
then going to the highway thank you so
much
teach me man I gotta go right now cuz I
got a handle some saw me with you huh no
no you can go I have to go right now
because I'm uh yeah getting some stuff
so yeah do me yeah let me know I'm gonna
get my license real soon then my dad's
gonna quit and cigarettes that I can
choose it's my car what car should I get
huh what car shut up I'm already
thinking about car in like two three
months - Oh easy to give me this one
then and I have to get a new one I'm
either gonna probably gonna get a
Mercedes G Wagon what you thinking about
it you are what you guys think my
Mercedes do I get in like two three
months I'm gonna get a new car so do me
gang be ready oh I can finally reply to
my text are you home Adam to keep said
guys I'll see you guys in the next do we
get my g-man hey guys I'm here about the
prints out some stuff and I'm at the
homeless your knee
but can you teach me how to speak
Spanish - yeah wait from Mexico from
Mexico now it's a basic city of Mexico
City nice what's the city's nicer yeah
happens at Cancun
yeah it was good hi guys are pretty self
because I needed fossil documents as a
man right here he sees me like every
other week because I always have to
print out some self and like fax it to
the business places that I'm doing but
I'm not yeah I have a surprise for you
guys in a few weeks so be ready Olivia
do me gang let me talk to you guys
because I had a crazy long productive
day I started off with my dad taking a
driving lesson then after that I had to
sign some documents because in a couple
weeks I got a little surprise for you
guys
but I do me getting don't let that
distract you from the Winnick trailer
coming out this Sunday and then chapter
two coming October 22nd you can
pre-order it and October 29 chapter 2
it's finally out so it's about to get
crazy at Duma gang I can't wait for
chapter 2 you've already listened and
watched to the whole chapter - I try to
act like you're excited but for now
let's count down for Sunday for the way
neck trailer
I cannot cannot wait I'm about to head
out to go play basketball once again but
I want to tell you guys about tomorrow
what I'm doing tomorrow yeah I said I
told you guys I'm gonna be doing the
driving lesson the next day and today
I'm telling you guys that tomorrow I'm
visiting my old high school and middle
school yes the do me gang I'm visiting
the school that told the whole school
that I'm not Muslim I'm visiting the
school that I got a restraining order
from I'm visiting the school that I got
expelled from I'm visiting the school
that I had crazy crazy fights from so
I'm gonna try my best to make the video
tomorrow really inspirational really
really dope so hope you guys are looking
forward to that
other than that do me gang I'm about to
go play some basketball
if you and you get to play ok so she's
safe from me and her to play rock paper
scissors if she wins I have to stay here
and play with her if I win I can leave
and play basketball
hey do be gang I'm taking this dough be
right now you ready Rock Paper Scissors
shoot
ever since that shoe
I'm with you one more chance Rock Paper
Scissors shoot oh alright one one one
Rock Paper Scissors shoot Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
it's the best out of three
sorry ma ma g-man I supposed to thank
you so much for teaching me how to drive
today
you're a real OG so cute I get ya ooh
which a friend or wife before I leave I
want you to see favorite son who's the
favorite son you know me I said yeah
you're my favorite dad yeah yeah that's
nice it's raining and we're still about
to play ball his life ready to lose we
wouldn't know a sentence and I want the
same teams today you could maybe they're
playing like Brooklyn Brooklyn people
play it Brooklyn people it's crazy
they're really nice and this is my
favorite courts like this because of you
look at this ready for it oh my god man
Wow Cletus imagine making a beautiful
jump shot while this is in the
background it matters right look at this
New York City in the basketball courts
are right there
this is this is why I love New York City
the Brooklyn Bridge is right there by
the way I'm gonna go see my day see babe
you want cause I'm gonna see the result
you're just like oh my gosh I gotta go
you know see I am gonna you look
who we got here man we got what are you
okay man are you okay sure what's going
on you cut your hair and everything
wait what's up well you've been here
right chillin it's good to Shambo you're
right yeah I'm good nobody think you see
good he's not good one don't forget
boxing fight
Wow such a beautiful view guys
and go to the courts right there I feel
like you guys look
they represent really bit like really
well so if you guys ever seen like those
crazy viral social experiments in
Pakistan you'll see it these are the
only they got they got you guys have a
lot of guts to be doing videos in
Pakistan at least isn't like the main
thing is you just want them so like the
right side Pakistan culture was not yeah
and he was like they may show something
different was awesome Lorena
I've never seen like people film on
social experiments in a different
country this one I did mine and I
thought it was mad scary was it yeah I
thought he's gonna be scary but the
reactions were so nice they're like oh
it's actually
there was one of the people thought like
Oh get her ass the facts that it was
completely different even I thought I
know they might not like that it was
completely different man all right but
this time we're gonna do a my blue gone
tour or not can you do it always gonna
be crazy few you know for that you got
it yeah just to see jump shot oh wow
Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn some guard up
some guard up oh oh come on come on Oh
lock up you gotta do force Platinum game
muslin do me yank that is the end of
this vlog I hope you all enjoyed this
vibe if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so much for your love and
support that you guys show every single
day with a thumbs up comments I read all
your comments I read all your tweets I
read all your love that you guys show so
do me any thank you guys so much from
the bottom of heart seriously I'm always
on my phone like talking and interacting
with you guys more than I interact with
like my actual family because I don't
know thank you guys your your love
seriously motivates me so much your
positive thoughts motivate me so much so
thank you so much for being a part of my
life's like seriously you guys you guys
saved my life thank you so much and
tomorrow yeah we're going up tomorrow
old school see how it goes I'll see you
guys take care and pitch where you been
where you been I've been waiting here
the whole time for you I've been waiting
here a long time for you
Maris
