hey guys what's up today is day 24 by
Delhi time around vlogs and that is Kobe
Bryant's number baby
22 that's for 24 when is Eid so far
people tell me Saturday people saying
Friday it's already getting to those
days where people are fighting over
which they it is but I want to know what
so if you know what what they say leave
it in the comments below because I want
to uh I want to go eat shopping so I
don't know which day I should go and I
have to film too because video on
Wednesday and we don't know what to
shoot for a video on Wednesday so let us
know in the comments below - what do you
guys won't want to see us do for the new
video on Wednesday do you guys want to
see how pretending to be famous prank
that's what we're planning on doing
because we did on the vlog and a lot of
you guys are saying you guys want to see
a official one so let us know in the
comments below how do you guys want you
guys want us to pretend to be a
celebrity just and whatever you guys
want to see let us know the comments
below and we'll do it because - making a
hat it looks pretty cool
I'm writing on it okay how can you wear
co-workers they're not a workout
I work out yeah why not okay try hair
pick that up and go work out go one how
much fun is it do it again good now to
do it again go many do tomato Amanda
doesn't you know you know rema she likes
a girl he likes a guy who can who can do
50 of that so go do it if you can do 50
we Moammar you do it hurry mom what you
want him alright do it come on do for me
much say if you must names it Remo 700
say is it a help you save me more and
they do it go see you can do it say yep
say we must name do it
if you do to me most marry you go one
one more one more one more
and congratulations congratulations Eric
Kabir you are now officially married to
V masala club congratulations so how
does it feel like me married to remus
oli white blessing why you blushing
alright I got something new for you guys
this is called retired with cheese it is
so good taste similar to some of us of
cheese but these are even tastier I'm
telling you guys I got to teach you guys
but I don't have time to be chef Adam
chef I don't got it you got a day off to
vlog you know
and I'm just gonna eat it right now but
it's still like a few hours so if Rima
actually knows how to say my name now
say Adam you say Ida now she says Adam
see Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam say I see I
love you Adam
I see got everything pegs right last
time she got a one better on this is
what neo won't give us come put it on
Wow hoodie Wow up she's wearing the Good
Morning America hey Ryan I catch it and
we try to make it to her head
Ready Set I'll make it see it here and
put it out like this you head up okay
look Ready Set ahhh
I was yeah she's giving you guys kisses
here mwah go good buddy bye see clearly
I hire them you just say hi oh look yeah
okay okay
you missed one that broke my mirror man
she broke it she's too busy licking
herself kicking herself and she just
kicked it kissing herself and stuff say
sorry
Rima say sorry fan mail time let's check
one wow this is like big huge gift or
like a like a Eid Mubarak gift or Santa
like I'm sitting on Santa's lap hey
watch this must aware of Adam Real
Madrid I guess I got a rocky now thank
you
who got it Thank You Patricia
Arellano Oh patty thank you Thank You
patty McCarty this is dope man I always
wanted a soccer bracelet and alright I'm
rocking it yeah that's cool
what is this this is the first thing I
feel like what the heck what the freakin
egg what's that
please don't tell me you serious yeah
yeah please don't tell me you serious oh
my god is this what is it like Oh Mama's
gonna kill me if she sees this well dude
did you seriously send the Magnum Joshua
this stuff along touchy this yeah oh my
goodness he'll alright I'm scared of
open this you guys are crazy
yo I like Sony hey you kidding me you're
kidding me right
oh my goodness you're getting me yeah
freaking kidding me alright I swear how
that was a mad I doubt it's a it's a
iPad Mini ah if it is I freakin freak
out I'm like what the hell are you doing
is this snap I was trying to pull a
prank on me let's see what is this ah
that's not an iPad Mini athos iPad Vizio
just joking but it says I'm pretty sure
this will make you happy open and blow
me some all right I'm scared I'm
seriously scared yo what the heck is
this yeah I'm so scared it feels like
all of you guys are crazy I swear to God
if it pops on me I'm so scared
it's his hair she kisses her she hugs oh
yeah that chocolate even better than
iPad video I could thank you so much let
me see if there card in there and yeah I
love the package that's her I'm don't
worry I'm not a sensitive guy but I just
got to throw this garbage as soon as
possible cause if mom sees it I will die
I will die don't ever do this again but
thank you so much I'm reading to her she
hugs and it tastes so good thank you so
so much
oh my god oh my god we're gonna have
this competition is it flat huh yeah so
we're gonna have this competition where
they can hold each other's cheeks and a
first person to get hurt loses all right
stop ready set go
everyone start going
and look all the pain first person
together loses see that cheeks starting
red I'm on and this is him the make a
little bit I give he look you ever give
up you're a fireman winner - loser so
good and yeah and it's a guys today
we're not doing the Twitter contest the
Twitter contest is gonna be tomorrow so
stay tuned with that alright guys so
it's time to wrap up this flag hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog and the reason
why this vlog was just like short and
not that all that but I'm not gonna lie
I've been sleeping all day because I
haven't gotten no sleep probably this
past whole month because I've been
staying up and stuff so I've been really
lazy today and I'm trying to catch up in
my sleep so I'm sorry for that so I hope
you guys still show some love with the
thumbs up and thank you guys so much for
everything thank you guys so much for
all the support on these daily double
dong blogs I know it's become like a
regular part of life and stuff like that
but don't worry we promise there's gonna
be a lot more to come after Ramadan and
yes we are gonna have a eat vlog I saw
you guys so you guys commenting saying
I'm about to do it eat vlog we are gonna
do it eat vlog thank you guys so much
I'll see you guys tomorrow
be safe take care and yeah have a great
day a blast in there and right now we're
gonna go to time scare I'm a forest
my phone with you guys watch the ball
you can't run anything go
