as Salam aleikum wa rahmatullah wa
barakatu brothers and sisters how you
guys doing today it is day 22 about
daily Ramadan vlogs August tomorrow well
it's August right now because you guys
watching this and already it's already
August
I remember one first yet on my mom
yesterday we just started our daily
Ramadan vlogs and now it's all coming to
an end then we're getting ready for Eid
everybody this and that but seriously
I'm I'm I'm enjoying these blogs more
than you guys are enjoying watching
these I love making them mix time go by
so quick I get pleasure when you guys
watch it and you guys tell me that you
guys are enjoying it and your days are
getting brighter it makes me feel so
good so thank you guys so much for
everything and if you guys haven't
watched in the video the link is below
for the new video and make sure you guys
go watch and go turkey and for the
people asking what is turkey go turkey
is a halal way of saying go ham so that
means go over there and go hard and
click that thumbs up you remember chin
shakes bother watching really cute you
anything he's cute feel like huh
you like him he's cute give me kiss oh
ha ha he's big kiss
because I shake see give your brother a
kiss
spit hi-c hi-c
say hi Rosie see hi Rosie say hi Sarah
seems say Roz team hmm Remus is slowly
noticing that she's um she's on YouTube
yourself but now she ok ok ok she always
wants the last time and says me me me so
she slowly noticing that she's like a
superstar Rima oh my goodness
Dada da cos you haven't give me a kiss
in a while please
Mika hmm no Isabel
peekaboo baby me kiss gimme good no
Jimmy kiss please no please Mika's
please give me a kiss why are you gonna
give you good
you me kiss Rima give me kiss when I
cried that she gives us too much let's
try homicide three might give me kiss
Rima give me kiss please give me a kiss
hey either you sort of brat Tennessee
stop stop stop stop
you're such a Brunton so hyper all right
so I'm in the middle of sort of the Toba
and I have a long way to go man it's
just a couple days left for Ramadan so
even if I don't finish it by the end of
the Madonna I'll just continue until I
finish it whenever so I'm going to do
and you guys asked me to be able to end
so I'll give you guys a little something
maybe just sort of the factor because I
want to bismillah him or mighty Raheem
and I'm done I hit up in Iran I mean a
rock mining or him Malik yo Medan yeah I
cannot be do ye I can't start in you
know sit off a Muslim sit often uh Tina
and I'm telling him laying on mother be
on e him one upon
I mean I mean so duck a lot of ice oh
you guys as usual the same thought again
it's alright ready
chick sorry for people hungry right now
uh uh I'm so sorry
hmm oh my goodness the gyro so lame gyro
and tell them the place that people keep
asking about blowing place called
Chicken Shack it's in Queens lick it up
you want to go there I tell them that
true story a si brought you here imagine
somebody goes up to the register yeah -
sorry zebra here and they get in this
girl's hello guys my name is Adam Sala
and today I'm gonna pop Molly because I
am gangster you will see the craziness
I'm gonna pop Molly and do not try this
at home this is gonna be really crazy
this see this this is Molly see this s/m
and firmly because I am gangster let me
try it
I feel it ha but Molly I'm sweating pop
trolley I'm sorry Molly I'm thankful I
got one more wall mmm mmm Oobleck
whoa
mmm black full of rocks drugs yeah
Molly with the hair is nice well
e-either look look my diamond mmm candy
candy candy that's what it is kid I was
seriously all jokes aside let me know if
you guys enjoy this character I don't
know I'm trying
I've been doing some Instagram videos
with it out there are yesterday's videos
with it who has enjoyed this character
let me know in the comments below
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
flag hope you guys enjoyed this vlog and
I hope you guys enjoyed yesterday's
video if you guys haven't watched
yesterday's video make sure you guys go
tune in watch it go watch it 50 times I
wanted to go on the YouTube front page
gosh Instagram always puts a puts at
like six pictures on Instagram that go
on the popular page six times in a row
all cuz you guys so hopefully this can
be on the youtube front page
I don't so make sure you guys go watch
the new video thank you guys so much for
all the support we have some deleted
clips that we didn't put up because we
thought they weren't good enough to be
in that video so we're gonna show you
guys here we allow mashed potatoes which
is cool I don't want you saying huh a
lot I'm local Thailand come on Sara
Massimo colossi mogila I'm not big your
lounge absolutely logical el-medina
class Aiden Coalition huh
honesty car
man you gotta be no Sam ignore nothing
you gotta be now I'm gonna burn up in
Domino you guys stay down here
goodbye boys get made I just you know
I'm gonna do cocoa that's it cinnamon I
don't have pickle juice pickle juice
Namek Islamic on the bigger than in the
drama governs you get it done in Uganda
when Enzo can do anything into one when
a couple to the ones
governor Lamas or not
like what a de de la my dozen is AMA hey
dad could have done it
Condor bigger than Allah you don't speak
English ki you don't speak English
Michael Iran a language French Bengali
Bengali
Hacha okay this antenna or the Golden
Key
I don't get it I'm sorry at your help
yeah I'm gonna deluged on a solid our
lapis
hunting them
well I move
I know where they let open the window
huh you got a spare ski ma big a very
sparse key are you a mess like that do
it
silly window huh huh black hey Ole Miss
leg movement
you know what he is that no I got a fool
you got a clue thank you very much sir
hi guys hope you guys enjoyed that hope
you guys enjoyed everything hope you
guys enjoyed just everything your
Ramadan she didn't vlog today I didn't
know he did it send me the the footage
he had so that's why he didn't um be in
this flag but yeah thank you guys so
much for the support was see you ass
tomorrow tomorrow actually going so we
might go to the wax museum tomorrow or
Friday so yeah because when direction is
only the one direction for wax figure is
only there for like two months so we
have to go you know like yeah I mean
chef he told she told me to I say
nothing ice I I'm not a swear by saying
nothing man
so we'll see you guys tomorrow make sure
you guys get this video thumbs up if you
guys enjoying his daily vlogs so take
care and peace brother you're 15 years
old you too young
how do you 13:30 hey other heroes
