hey guys what's up it's a super-duper
rainy day today and we're still out here
like idiots because we don't have
umbrellas another but I don't know it's
Times Square is still packed and a lot
of fun stuff to do in chill ready don't
close the city oh oh custom I got a free
ride
free ride was it free get free ride Oh
new taxi
you need help
thank you
I was up which is Melissa Dean my name
is Eero Remes earrings for some friends
my own friends but I'm a nice man he's
in freshman season for videos did you
see when you pray they're very nice
thank you thank you very good thank you
that's how are you Melissa LA yeah
what's really cool like this she doesn't
think I'm from the Middle East things
I'm wearing a costume and I'm like where
do you think I'm what do you think I'm
from I give me honest well like Burton
Rika Middle Eastern I'm proud too I'm
happy to wear this dress
I mean it's better than having a
girlfriend
I am like a cat I got nine lives so it
always I'll kill you any time
matter of fact that kill you my stickers
look at me when I'm talking to you would
you give me ties but then I get you
cross-eyed do my signal
you come at me me and my goals together
I come at you
is this employed may work or I drop you
down like Manny Pacquiao you don't know
me I'm like Muhammad Ali yes I'm
representative of YouTube using a whole
Queens almost a producer Oh Joe don't
check now like a minute
you ever seen a nigga cry so hard and
never reach his dreams yet when I try be
dead nigga knock you ever seemed to take
a shine so hard and forget about the
scene yeah
my trampy that nigga knob or the night
to no sleep I'm addicted to the great
ship grand so harmony nigga with a sheet
now that's really wasted killing these
beat success can almost taste it then I
could say that I really made it better
if he wants to see me on the TV deep
down the sidewalk word for wanna be me
nigga talk shit cuz he don't see the
vision do not understand what yo yo yo
head of stone is the best thing for you
right now to me he acting hard I can buy
use my keyboard
from the Yemen
you go back to right now
you sound like a baby
I can buy you and take your lady oh they
are innocent
I wanna hey guys what's up I know it's
kind of dark here but something's wrong
with the light so I don't know what's up
anything what do you get what kind of
generation is this like everybody get
off your iPad's that say something know
when I was your age I said when I was
doing it I should never play with iPad I
was oh yeah fashion you know it's
fashion I mean the old fashions cuz we
gonna have those all right then you
won't be the black you don't be the back
they give me five oh I knew the four -
we did it real stuff you guys fashion
you guys yes sirree on their phones guys
tell me what you guys know about this is
gonna be real situations do you guys
know some Quran yeah okay so since you
guys I got stage fright okay Shh you're
not stage fright we're doing in front of
the camera so you guys always are on
your iPad's and whatever show them what
you guys know about Islam and stuff so
look I got through what were you reading
tell me what you were reading
okay okay okay now sit down we have the
air okay go to the beach
sit down okay and I read it to me
without you memorize it haha
and other than your Heather or Gao each
other before a snack on ice Raja was on
the normal no welcome to baby back never
yeah do you know do you know even if you
make a mistake
you get double the husana that you like
if you maybe if you you get sent a
sonata for each letter they read the
quran if you if you make a mistake you
get double the hazard on because you're
trying and so you're actually doing good
guys too much weather too much on my
iPad too much on interested internet
stuff start learning I'm 20 I'm 20 years
old I'm old when I was your age I guys
so it's time to wrap this blog hope you
guys all enjoyed this vlog make sure you
guys give this video I'll give it give
this violet thumbs up and go Turkey and
you stop Cersei stuff and um yeah we'll
see you guys tomorrow and the Instagram
video will be up today of me belly
dancing in Starbucks and tips a thumbs
up no shows it thumbs up thumbs up okay
alright so see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace
