hey guys what's up we're here about to
go out next prank we're doing a prank
right now something and I got a dress
off where is it it's so freakin
embarrassed I got to dress up like this
and he's going to dress up because they
see FOB dress because it's gonna go down
it's gonna go down so many people like
staring at it like the health dangers
comfort Milly's like I'm of some crazy
to advantage and now I know how it feels
when girls have to wear like a job or
something cuz people look at you like if
they're your Ellie how people standing
like a farm and Ellie and I know alien
alien gosh man even embarrassing walking
with them
welcome me screw you son because I must
hear that me to like wise kid ring Nina
oh you she we got some crazy reactions
and shake is about to do his I not ready
huh ready yeah I got some crazy
reactions you guys yeah I'm excited for
this video those this caspin
nigga death so we just came into the
store
let's go eat rapping man
hurry off me
ready
Hey
these freakin cookies are so good it is
so unique swear man you guys got to get
easy
it's from Whole Foods Market right there
it's called chocolate chocolate
chocolate chocolate cookie to my right
we have up to a little bit not something
to it boy girl boy a broken hog and on
thank you for all the support you owe me
but I watch me 2013 competition for
DeStorm I'm sorry for pronouncing his
name wrong in my video but I'll hope
everything right head into my left we
have Colin Colin I like to say thank you
guys
everybody tell me coming up the video
went crazy everybody guys doing good
keep it up thank thank you for you I'll
sign a whole bunch of a whole bunch
in comment that says cut it the you
what do you want you guys better take my
I really don't wanna be somebody is
gonna check it out Susie good to Minda
true story a say fans we got right here
so puts us alone Rocky Balboa slash I
don't know I guess almost there called
Expendables Oh anybody you're helping my
hope my shake-up up what this is why
alcohols Quran why alcohol drugs
anything except us anonymous because I
got extended
this guy is gone wild man six feet seven
Jew we'll wrap you can you spit us a rap
guys give me topic on the topic topic
top topic topic Islam Islam Islam me
that's good stuff give me some other
stuff um wide-ranging Oh cookie
Palestine peace peace
uni look ease so much okay okay and I'm
so to see the EXCI 6700 my goodness look
at this young on out of hand extend
nosey Hotel you I'm okay hahahaha yep
yeah I used to be able to dump but now I
just focus on the funk and to debunk the
mythos there's all these things these
ethos these things that people forget
because they sweat Judaism Islam have
the same father maybe different mothers
but the half-brothers which is why they
fight so much in all of America and
Palestine and Israel are out of touch
the government's that have these wars
they got us off balance like a seesaw
the laughing like hee-haw they collect
all the money all the poor people die
whether in Israel or Palestine they're
the ones on the front lines
oh oh oh two three go
Arabs are allowed on skateboard yeah
imagine Remus starts vlogging like this
huh she says going like this hey hey
guys hello sir
your help again Hey look at some say hey
guys huh see hi I see you a new brother
coming it say hey guys say hey guys okay
today is day oh okay talk to them like
this house she belong she's holding her
as oh alright stop sounds like and now
it's time to do your hair
come
how the holy
ratchet girls be like doing my hair
I don't even not even a walk there was
SuperDuper dark and I'm super duper
scared yeah I think it's so sweet yes
all right now another look at Shane he's
not scared anymore you know you're out
of it look around like things I don't
know why yo yeah I see something yo what
the hell yes yeah what died yo oh where
are you guys took us here you want to go
back to home good Oh Stephen put it with
the flash it goes I'm greedy
waiter see like chill stage oh so many
crashes and it's on us don't do that
series villa I'm going out as you can
see here it's very dangerous creature
he's walking on Alyssa
whoa
my stomach yeah man I did not tell you
to do this
I'm not yo get down look at that please
please a boot with guitar yo get down
you stupid Dumbo house there we just saw
fit your is it a lot then look back by
rodeo it's just a fish thing chase down
you know it beautiful man
finally away from the scariness you good
man yeah I'm did I have my stomach my
like heart I got me to it like I need
her to know cuz you're running your side
we should eat a crab mr. bread series
yes who should we pick is it line I
somebody pick it up I already picked up
the fish we hold up oh I think you just
pick up this wire and he's going to pick
up line along with it come on Shay guts
come on what's wrong it's just the crab
is nothing
these tires come from I have no clue
maybe what I want to know this is how
dirty the planning I'm making this doing
work is man like what the heck is this
like and the US Army is like cycling
about skipping a here anybody want to
step in it I could shoot a horseshoe
crab bro
a horseshoe crab yes what the heck is
that yo they saw see what is that what
is it oh another one right there
what are y'all they sting you you dying
it down man you're Adam Joe you know
what if you fall over there
true story I say go me John hey ese
gonna be done brother
oh yeah this is all right hi guys I'm
gonna wrap up this block it was just
laughing that up cuz I was saying I
gotta always gotta say rapid flight so
see you guys tomorrow make sure I give
this video a thumbs up you're telling
this one give it thumbs up give this
video a thumbs up make sure else allows
your Shaitaan in dramas like a joke you
know it's like it's like seven o'clock
in the morning and we all got out of the
vlog exactly and he's still gotta edit
the vlog and he's doing it for you guys
like who we doing the photos for the ASU
no family and you always know how hoping
now you know exit a nun to singing them
for us yeah man I'm trying I'm trying
ha ha javi par so we're al you out have
a good morrow
have a great night have a great day
bless it on Milan have a great salud
whatever and I leave I guess a little
bit
