as-salaam alaikum wa rahmatullahu a
better catch with brothers and sisters
how you guys doing today hope you guys
are doing great it is day 19 of our
daily Tamil on blogs and I'm I don't
know why I've been doing this I don't
got 19 faint fingers and unless you want
to use my toes so I'm gonna stop doing
this little whatever I'm doing or 5:19
got about ten more days but I'm going to
go and it is going by so quick state say
say true story dorky hey s s hey if you
guys don't know Rima has a lisp
Rima looks a bus Hey hey Beth Hey she
says she has a lisp she um she
pronounces it SS t say say say say so
say so say I'm Beth Beth huh today we
are gonna do what are you gonna stop
okay I'm gonna try to do something cool
you guys yeah okay hey you gonna order
something you can all the time all right
you know hold on tight okay is that
light all right okay she's up showing
off she's like yes yes hold on tight I'm
the hope hold on sir uh-oh you I don't
like this kid yeah hey oh that's oh I'd
be careful actual heavy
yes I've yeah it would you be need their
numbers pause it
oh yeah
404 oh yeah yeah eighty like that Ike
Leggett was gonna beat me up hard and
I'm dying I'm crying
we'll see you agreement does okay
everyone
take my love say hi yeah hi I love you
ah
d-damn yeah imma let you finish alright
so some tough odd but I'm gonna record
it real quick we got this chicken or
beef I know it as but looks good and I'm
at the dog Reba stop it's my chocolate
so one last piece left can't be doing
that okay we got some loose sack with a
teddy bear we got the one cheese because
I wasted it so much at V splash this is
one of the best drinks that I love apple
juice the Listerine the died yesterday
we got this is I think it's I forgot
what this bitter taste it has like eggs
and bread and the king the volcano and
where's the dates at son oh man
alright week I need you guys do me one
more favor go check out another watch me
to us 13 contest for DeStorm the link
will be below go Turkey on their likes
and go turkey win with letting DeStorm
know about it and you guys tell me how
it is this is a little preview for it is
really dope is crazy the one yesterday
and today's ones you I really hope one
of them went because I want them to
represent a mister Muslim community and
let's listen to this a little bit of it
you keep New York is again biggie smalls
killing its Oliver Queen turn down for
what
my Islamist feet killing it Road make
sure I check it out and go tell you with
that
I don't know links below thanks guys
what a bra see me look Mike Yunnan red
nassim do you think she's cute nothing
is she cute are you laughing is curate
she's QA are you being so mean she likes
you she said he likes you no no I'm
serious this she said come here she's
calling her go she likes you roster he's
coming both no she disagreed which is it
are we watching nothing you know you
guys would look really cute together
I go I make it understand I was just
curious
hey hey done is done does it just marry
her why not her new dream Oh No yeah how
do you know how do you know even what
city what's her name
you say you know her name what how'd you
know oh look you are we can rima sailing
our tree kis s ing first cos love senka
married there comes a cucumber with the
cucumber
baby is a baby carrot are you going
Marsha's just ask guess what animal he's
thinking of and I thought of I thought
about chocolate my dead hamster why
would you ask that man bringing back old
memories honey gave me all emotional
stuff are we doing the contest
I just just about to forget about him
and now you bring him up let me get you
sure and we're trending and at the same
time may Allah and Jenna we're trending
so that's pretty cool
oh man I hear when this happened so like
I said thanks to everyone who
participated to start a contest don't
feel bad I freaking try to I met mad I
mean I met bad actually not sad or
nothing I didn't see it man what the
heck and I look everybody's writing um I
won't feel bad
don't worry I may not be good at all
over okay I won't feel that I can't feel
so dad oh my god like idiot now hi guys
it was time to wrap up this flag and
tomorrow Misha should be outside filming
and chilling and for the contest winners
it was ten winners and the first one it
was Jimmy use of she guessed Captain
Underpants and holes those are my
favorite books my favorite book is not
Harry Potter it's not The Hunger Games
even though we living in one right now
but my favorite book is Captain
Underpants and holes shady made me she
guessed
white chicks she asked for a movie she
said white chicks you should have said
daisy chicks another bensharon movie
around the three the third person is i
shall suffer she guessed a cairo when i
was asking for city Cairo that's in
Egypt
so get your geography on congrats to
Safina she guessed 45 for the number 45
congrats to Sarah heralds VIP I said
finish this line MIDI is the way she
walks and I can see then you got a guess
after and she said she was the first one
to say um straight into maja stole it so
yeah and funny thing is she has hair
east
in her IV and she was the first one to
say it so I was pretty cool that's Harry
Styles line Congrats to maryam poza for
guessing I'm a black and green you
should've guessed black and blue so you
can give shakes black and blue just
punch him in his eye and kiss Gracia
sham ha
Begum I like your name sham huh sounds
cool she gets the number two I said I'm
thinking of a number 1 through 1 million
and I was yes I was thinking of the
number 2 I don't know I said on me I was
like fact Congrats to Nora
Queen she gets that she gets the animal
I'm a panda when I already guessed
animals Oh what was it I said I'm a shit
up but he was an animal
Congrats to Fiza for guessing the title
by day 11 on blogs it was called best
Ramadan prank ever
and the last one is congrats to summer
for guessing a school bag a book bag
that she had ins and yeah I was guessing
he had a pacifier or his pink underwears
or something but yeah thank you guys for
participating these Twitter contest I
hope you guys enjoy them and have fun
with them we'll be having them more
often and yes make sure you guys
subscribe to this second channel I've
never ever set it in any of the vlogs to
subscribe to Shannon but we reached over
31,000 subscribers in the channel so
thank you guys so much for everything
make sure you guys go turkey on the
likes go likes on the turkey
so yeah thank you guys for everything
all the support and we'll see you guys
tomorrow with the dope vlog and we'll
see you guys tomorrow take care guys no
and the reason why I'm not saying it to
your face because my breath stink I'm
I'm fasting
