how you guys doing today it is day 18 of
our daily amadon vlogs and time is
flying I tweeted and people were like oh
did you throw your watch outside and did
a fly wait am i fasting today is going
extremely well it's been easier for me
since the days are going less and it's
been uh earlier that we eat and I'm
seriously sad that Ramadan is coming to
an end is not not just because our vlogs
are coming to an end this cuz Ramadan is
coming to an end
dude this freakin is fun I love the
Ramadan spirit I love you all chill
together and stuff like that just sucks
me we have a new video coming up on
Wednesday at 6 p.m. and today I finally
got some sleep I lost my voice from
yesterday from like I was singing or
like prime know what I was doing just
screaming when I was outside too like 7
a.m.
barely probably barely can do anything
my nieces and nephews are gonna come
over so we're just gonna chill I am so
bored and I'm doing nothing all day so I
started doing Instagram videos so if you
want to see the video an Instagram that
I have go follow me on instagram the
link is below and go follow shift to an
Instagram both my Instagram so check it
out Rima is already playing with the
slinky and she ready discombobulated she
always fights me with likes I'm trying
to play with it to do myself
I play the police come relax
yo you don't live here
we will let the hit the high note go go
go go
there you go you fast don't get fast up
Oh
spin spin you go go ready
oh no no I would this way I go where do
you sit hold it tight hold on to that
yeah I'm telling you
until he was gonna be going out
rollercoasters yeah oh I can't wait I'd
go out with her yeah yeah yeah yeah you
guys handled us all finally finished
Surat al-baqarah I finally finished
surat al-imran and I am at Surat inside
now I'm still going slow moving still on
page Emma 7777 in Arabic is like a V two
V's as I seen a lot of people I love you
guys have told me to read hold and so I
don't think gonna be around today but
I'll read it another day because I kind
of losing my voice ARIMA coming through
we have some food here and we got
alright first open show the same old I
gotta teach you guys how to make put the
cheese one class timer to touch you guys
with the beef one so some so cheese as
usual as usual say hi are you points in
a Mima we got oh we got rice checking it
so coming we got you just called matsuba
it has feta Tambor bella d something
like that I don't know what I mean - it
was called matsuba and this is cooked up
with it's like a shish kebab cook
technique we got apple juice orange
juice cups Remo and we got the king of
Yemen right here hell up whoa looks like
a volcanoes about that represented yeah
we got chocolate cake guess who brought
this here me give me what you want
Nicki Minaj I'm be honest with you I
love you I like you I want you I'm
hungry I'm thirsty and the reason why
I'm not saying it to your face because
my breath stink
I'm I'm fasting you know but I'm still
thirsty
not Thursdays and dehydrators I'm
thirsty doesn't I want you I don't want
water I want coconut water cuz I'm
thirsty
the reason why I want to propose to you
cuz I was checking my Instagram you
ain't like one of my photos you like
tell up 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 11 you liked 11 of
my Instagram photos come on you know
what that means that means I got a
propose you but I know you busy I'ma be
honest with you I want to marry you I'm
saying is here live and Mickey D's I
mean MTV I wanna be with you we both
suffer from high blood now we both
suffer from success that's where I'm at
success I know you only here maybe
couple words my rap songs dj khaled but
it's all good cuz I love you
Nicki I'm telling you I've been prepare
for this I know you can't cook I know
you can't make a seat I know you can't
make hormones I know you can't make what
Akana but it's okay Nicki I love you
Justin Bieber might have ate it before
me but it's right I'm paying $500,000
for you for the bottom of my stomach I
love you you do not know how long it
took me to get this ring I prepare for
this day and now
hello God mom why put gubanov oh well
that song was the ring Nicki will you
eat this with me I kids do not try this
at home okay because this is very very
dangerous do not I'm warning you and I
do not try this at home and I just got
done eating and I'm here chillin then I
got dared on a tweet to drink some
Listerine so I see how this goes
maybe I'll have some nicer oh my
goodness six takes it oh my god hmm okay
I'm not feeling good oh look ah yo I
seriously feel like some type of way
hell up oh man that is I'm so stupid yo
saighe I got you oh then I get you guys
it was a prank it's apple juice itself
did I I got you I'm sorry it was a joke
I'm so bored I got nothing to do all day
I usually go outside but I'm just
relaxing sitting just I decided to try
to get you guys a plane Yousef an Xbox
call of duty and I am killing it man
y'all killing you right we're playing in
a computer screen but watch the
see me I'm on the top I just killed him
you huh I'm the one in table yes I am
but but but give me i'ma shoot I know
why you killed me sorry yawns come on
let it bother live let it brother live
Robin I'm the one Tappan was killing
people man
I don't know if they call duty like that
I'm stuck bring people to play you they
won't kill you huh mr. Joe 97
his gamertag is right here go kill him
and call of duty cuz he keeps singing
that he sings he's taking advantage of
me and trying to kill me so I'm a brain
I'm gonna do me gang are you did you
don't kill you man you'll kill him again
kill him and call of duty sir sooner he
keeps beating me every day he makes me
feel miserable he makes me feel I was
trying to say hyung haven't you Percy I
don't find it plain hi guys so time to
wrap up this vlog well yeah seriously
all jokes aside all jokes aside um yeah
DG Khalid he's a cool dude and is just
one thing else how you spent five
hundred thousand dollars for a ring for
Nicki Minaj he's Palestinian he couldn't
he could have saved thousands of kids
live in Palestine in your own home
country I think that's what he should
have done instead of making Minaj come
on you could have done better Nicki
Minaj is an awesome person but like DJ
calories serious that's what I've
described me like you could use that
money for $500,000 for nickimja not you
could use that money for Palestine for
the Middle East and made a change in the
world you know but no I guess that's it
is but it is man it's all good I guess
Oh hope you guys give this video a
thumbs up um yeah and think about so
much for always going turkey on the
likes you has been going crazy with the
thumbs up I'm loving it thank you guys
so much
and today tonight I know you guys forgot
that we forgot about the contest was it
supposed to be yesterday so true story a
state contest is going to be today at
around 9:00 10:00 p.m. New York City
time this is our Twitter's right here
follow us on Twitter it's going to be
hashtag true story a essay when I ask
you ten questions for ten people going
to write they get shoutouts tomorrow
tomorrow's
I so stay tuned with that love you guys
leave a comment below I want to know um
when do you guys watch these vlogs you
asked what do you guys do watches like
you watch it before Soho do you watch an
episode do you watch it when you're
eating if you watch it during the thaad
do you watch it when you're fasting do
you watch it I wanna I'm just curious
know how do people watch it and when do
you watch it so leave it in the comments
below thank you guys so much I love you
guys so much I love you I want you I'm
thirsty I want some water had the great
day and a good night
take care guys peace I need to wash his
arms go take a shower
peace alright so my friend his name is
Khaled he's doing this contest for
DeStorm he's another youtuber is called
watch me 2013 and you have to rap you
have to like do a rap first for him and
whoever wins
he's the they get to win $1,000 and he
gets to get be featured and a lot of
good stuff and I want him to represent
the Muslim community so check out his
video below he's in he's been on our
vlogs these last couple of times and
check out his the link is below this the
first link click on it and in order to
win go go Turkey on thumbs up and send
it today's phone and the rap is dope I'm
telling you he's he went crazy he went
in so make sure you show him a lot of
love because I love helping him out he's
a humble guy so yeah guys show a lot of
love for that thank you guys so much you
guys will enjoy it and see you guys
tomorrow
peace love ya you Adam you
