go ahead Rema Rema what do you do me I
like your hat
you see a hat that looks just like you
huh
see I love you Adam I never taught Olema
I'm gonna try to teach how to say I love
you Adam I the end of Ramadan and she
still does it want to talk sale god I
love you Adam okay I love you Adam okay
say I love you Adam
are you saying speak English say I love
you say I love love you Adam
yeah if I use it really you just say we
just gotta say yeah those have the fire
fight one more time say I love you Adam
hey oh my goodness really just spoke
I've never heard the side of us forty
god I've never heard her say any of this
never him all I mean she's still only
one years old and I never even heard her
speak like that alright push up Anika
say say I'm um
see I love no cheeseburgers chocolate
Anke rocky Gotti say chocolate alright
alright ok so cocky means chocolate in
her language
are you one more time no yes yeah what
it means
so we're here chilling no filming and
we're just waiting till it's our turn to
go
and look at them with the mic right
there we don't want to pressure them to
go on like right there
let's talk about Ramadan he's a educator
I start off with him
hey what are we ready for we wait for we
still we have to slow and carry what are
they doing they're filming today's
viewing people for those were thinking
getting Ramadan oh then they were
finally they don't I think God is good
actually
oh nice within I think about it so yeah
we're filming a new video with cream
helping him out like holding that's the
scene teaching people about self the man
of the Sun here I'm the man of the Sun
before you I am
you got that don't talk to me apparently
he's the first guy that wore on the
Blair's nobody has to kicking it
eight-year I got over here before they
got any time here I got some people
inside nice move oh it's the greatest
name you could say you got that our
Moses king of greatest name in the mouth
yes nobody goes over here on the other
side either belly into Jews tell me what
an extrasolar weight America like I
didn't great password Pacific Ocean to
the land I'm loving honey why they do
that I talk to other people
I wasted my time what history oh they
got tell me a great history Oh am I so
friendly he's the first guy walked in
the planet
okay Andy it looks like you were with no
hair it's true
excuse me you know Nick Jonas was
sitting on the seat you know Nick Jonas
you know he's a famous guy who's sitting
and that exact seat like who Nick Jonas
he's a Jonas Brothers all right so we're
gonna pretend that he's famous and we're
gonna walk around try and make him like
make him look like the stars movie
camera how are your trying to be bossy
laughing yeah without mine with a
cameraman and that you are going to look
Peter yeah we can make them look like
honey right now
like can you answer my question
now can you stand so second one sexy Sam
you look pretty today
already I'm sorry question I don't
matter why just me
Hodgins can wear it is one my upcoming
on his booty half-plant wait I don't
your shadow your soccer player dream
follow
everything has given me a go
No
so this is I have done ready yo what's
up there five pounds of seats man check
maybe they have six tackle shop shaky
drag shop good is it a hot dog with
cheese are you okay master
some doctors
good separable travel all over the world
visit
oh dear Ironman Adam it's iron man Adam
so Iron Man was unloosened he finally
final recording room and the other two
he's up to no
yes you want to be a good salmon picture
this view is amazing when the pier in
Manhattan this time yeah that's that's a
warship this is a war at warship just
one of those Navy it's one of those Navy
boats were they like whenever it goes to
war
these boats imagine is about coming to
your country oh man that's scared what
do you I'm so serious is goes where
click whatever tornado are seeing any
pilot repairs Angela I like that he's
like a pilot at the representa son I
fixed planes and he flies planes that's
bad
you folks what paper planes excuse so
bro I'm an EMP like we ride a big place
where we appear 90 right now in the city
it is pronoun net yeah I think Jersey
you were in Manhattan right now we've
got this regognize what's the address to
this place I want to come here it's not
address just come 42nd and 12th Avenue
you have to see right there I love this
this flower here
I don't know I'm doing get out let me
I'm do get out what are you doing not
all in his life let him go is 532 am I
missing out so late and we're just
talking about like heaven and stuff and
it feels amazing here whoa look look
Jerry over here talk about how to I mean
and now you know the wine that the wine
River we're having a deep deep talks
when the mood is still out suppose you
could check out that the Sun is rising
signers rise from this side it looks wow
just a seriously want to jump in man
jump in we should jump in you jump in
first I'll go down if you survive I'll
be in theirs I know it's just cowboy
what are these sharks in there I don't
want to do that man no such thing as
sharks around here
you sure nah I'd rather go to the wasn't
the deadest see that guys it's time to
wrap up this line
seven 7:10 a.m. on the jig I know
Howard's asleep three looks
so I'll put up a tweet it says be honest
retweet if you've been enjoying these a
a daily Ramadan vlogs so if you guys are
enjoying these daily vlogs make sure you
guys go to my Twitter and you guys
retweet this tweet and I want to see I
want to see a million reads Reena I want
to see as much people to be honest and
if you guys really are enjoying these
daily vlogs just retweet out yeah make
sure you give this video a thumbs up go
turkey on this thumbs up because I get
home sleep here see you guys tomorrow
hope you guys enjoying this a a daily
diamond on blogs I hope it's turned into
a daily thing for us and it's so awkward
flagging lower take care
she's mom
taking a bit watching
