hey what's up guys you guys are probably
wondering why our recent lies are so
different from a regular vlogs and we
have a valid excuse for that the reason
is because the enemy first was my dad's
birthday and also Adams as pretty so it
was both our dads bridge so we want to
spend some time with our family we want
to spend some time with our dad in honor
of their birthday I don't know if it's
actually my dad's birthday because when
he came to America he probably changed
it I'm not exactly sure but it is
birthday so yeah we wanted to spend time
with our family so we didn't actually
chill or we didn't meet up and right
after that there was a crazy snowstorm
in New York it was about 4 degrees
Celsius or Fahrenheit I'm not sure which
one it was but it was very very cold so
we didn't meet up cause of that either
and we couldn't vlog much but I did vlog
with my family and I did have some clips
that you guys will see also also also
also the giveaway is still on until
Tuesday if you guys want a chance to win
that sweater it is gonna how to
participate or how to get it the rules
of stuff is not gonna be in the previous
video and you guys didn't see I'm gonna
give a quick annotation right here
somewhere
that leads you to that video it's a
chance to win a sweater that says voila
he's mine and yeah Jimmy one winner so
good luck Happy New Year's to everyone
hope you guys had a great 2030 and have
a amazing 2014 what I'm doing right now
is I just woke up like legit I know
actually I got out of bed an hour ago
and I woke up like 1 o'clock
stayed in bed all day just prayed and
went back to bed and then I woke up
again like 5 o'clock and then I went out
to get food because my mom and dad were
at home and when they're not home I had
to buy food what I got today was gyro I
don't have to have this like out of out
of New York but it's like rice with
chicken
and salad and of course iced tea and a
side order my muneca beer
now you she came with you so made it a
four car nut the average so mission
accomplished we got him really good wise
face away
alright see a mission accomplished we
got him so good he got so scared even he
got scared
that's how scary it was was it scary yes
Hey Thank You MA no we're okay right
away
alright so right now we're gonna have a
Justin Bieber trivia challenge right
what so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna have two competitors both my arms
my siblings and we'll be they will be
compete to see who is the bigger
believer the two wins
all right so the first question hmm
Izzy Jackson beaver who did guessing
they exactly
Jasmine what Righetti they say okay baby
the first ice I'm guessing no Katya
whoa ha ha his color was it
can anything exactly from taste a
lengthy I stack them start for what I
know I don't I think it's forgive evil
turn Oh Oh like a thing where you have a
fat cake
Oh thirteen Rick singer also wanted to
mentor Justin
although Usher ultimately all to let me
one out that's exciting
Gogol try to happen Chuck Norris so your
final answer obviously is like celebrity
is just as former slightly coach Ryan
good Dane Ashley but sir whatever
hi one day just to try for the first
time in his even daddy
sushi singing underwater a bungee
jumping bungee jumping so the winner is
my Munna Kabir and diehard believer
alright so today's rent is gonna be
about that phrase new year new me
nothing bought me more than that new
year new me BS I don't like seeing this
because why do you need a new year to
become a better person I mean there's
nothing wrong with making new year goals
and there's nothing wrong with making
resolution but why do you make goal in a
resolution if you can't stick to it half
the people didn't wanna stick to their
goal then we stick to their resolutions
and yet they make one every year here's
a fun fact the gym makes the most
members or has the most members right
after New Year's why because there are
people who has goals as in I'm going to
start working now I'm gonna start losing
weight I'm going to start exercising I'm
almost like getting fit and then they
start signing it for a gym membership
but most of these people they give up
within two three months and then the
same process next year they'd be like
I'm gonna start losing weight I'm gonna
start doing this same goal same process
to 3 months they give up again then wait
for next year I don't get why people
have the urge to wait for next year to
make a goal isn't it better if they make
the goal throughout the year I mean I'm
pretty sure if you have the same goal
throughout last year you would have
achieved that goal you would have
actually reached your goal if you made a
lot you instead of wait for a new year
there's a lot of people out there who
have all new year new me I'm gonna do
this I'm gonna do that I'm gonna start
eating less candy blah blah blah blah
and the funny thing is they don't even
change a bit 2014 is gonna be the same
as 2013 it's gonna be the same as 2012
is gonna be the same and every other
year we all know that these people make
the resolutions and it doesn't change
the same as every other year just
because into New Year doesn't mean you
have the power to change everything
because chances are you're not actually
I'm doing it you should have the will to
change every day you don't need to wait
a whole year you don't need to wait till
next year to change there's a new start
when you wake up every day every day you
can wake up and change something much
alike but you choose not to you wait
another
a year to change so when you mess up in
you'd be like oh it's okay I'll just
I'll just change into 2014 people should
have the will I reset this but people
should have the will people should have
the the the the intention to change
everyday they you shouldn't wait a whole
year to change even though I'm late I
know on five days late but all I'm
trying to say is that everyone has a
chance every single day to change you do
not need to wait till next year
to become a better person you do not
need to wait till next year to start a
gold star gold today starting tomorrow
morning start whenever you want and
you'll each you'll achieve it by the
matter of time P if you start all right
now by 2015 your goal might be achieved
if you start you can you can achieve
that goal before next year there's no
point of wasting your whole year and the
starting next year with the new goal
there's no point of that New Year's is
as it is it moves in the day of
celebration Alleluia is just a new year
beginning a new chapter new page of your
new book but it's not the right time to
make a goal because goal should be done
every day change should be done every
day becoming who you are you shouldn't
wait till night Shh just do it right
away
y'all Allah he's in the all of y'all can
I hear from all the way down there I go
all right guys it's 10:00 and the vlog
be sure like this video thumbs up and go
hey Annie learn the line perfect alright
that's not that's another thing anyways
if you guys love this vlog comment
subscribe and share um 2014 is a huge
year for us we have a lot of stuff
planned
you came you have some exciting news for
you it's not confirmed so we can't say
but we do have some great news for you
guys this month it's going to come out
this month and we have more moves we can
be in more places February we should be
in Chicago and many other places if you
guys want us in your city in your time
you know what to do the booking
information is down below do your part
and email
a bookie manager and tell us what's what
state or city you guys want us to call
this right here is my brother if you
guys didn't know he's one of my brothers
ci hi say what up anyways
that's a wrap peace peace peace
P so I'm like me try and be like me
