hey guys what's up and doomy gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day do me gang I
haven't been saying the intro because I
feel like I haven't been having an
amazing day especially today today's a
really scary day for me because my dad
is having a surgery and the surgery that
he's happening the doctors told me that
he's at risk and he has a really weak
heart so I'm really really scared I do
not care about traveling I do not care
about nothing right now all I care about
is my father and the only reason why I'm
vlogging is because I feel like this
platform that I have you guys you guys
can help me out by praying for my dad
and being there with him so I'm heading
to the doctor right now
he's doing his surgery right now I
believe he should be out in around 20-30
minutes the doctors are not letting me
in until he's done and go into the
recovery room so I'll keep you guys
updated do me yank by the way he's going
to a different doctor because the last
doctor that he wants who they do not
care at all so this time he's at a
doctor in Brooklyn so please please guys
keep him in your prayers and I'll keep
you guys updated right now when I go
inside
I'm still walking man I keep going
through the wrong entrances so many
weird entrances but Baba Salah ho do me
gangs what you be the champ he's a big
hero yeah we go was another thing goes
well stay up man stay strong man we love
you we love you
alright guys I finally made its how the
hospital want to give my dad a balloon
not a baby girl
far baby where does he get well ones
like this one get well wishes right here
dev anymore thinking of you I get well
I'm thinking this will be cute and hang
in there hang in there get well soon and
thinking of you
ba ba
dumi gang I just left the hospital right
now they're not allowing me to film but
my dad is doing perfectly fine I'll
handle I he is a champion so smiling
he's still cracking jokes which made me
feel so much better I'm not gonna lie a
little earlier today I was kind of
tearing I broke down because I just had
a moment where like like I've liked life
like oh my god like it's just it just
something hit me it was like I don't
know what it was but just something hit
me and I just broke down literally just
crying tomorrow to myself and it made me
realize that life is just life is so
short stay strong keep smiling don't let
anyone bring you down and keep your
family close to me again
he should be out in a few hours if he's
lucky if not a day or two we're gonna
see how it goes all right now the homie
what cost is coming through huge
shout-out to homie what cost he wanted a
company show love to my dad thank you so
much for car thanks slim to keep they
all show love and the ZZ thank you guys
so much for showing love to my dad
Pakistani Prince was good but I don't
look at swag always looking here I'm
sane I know Elvis I always think he
always shows a lot of love like I know
he's one of the most caring people he'll
text me he always texts him privately
neo let me not appreciate it Thank You
Man I love you so much
seriously man my family doesn't have to
my whole sisters and stuff just matter
what cost
yeah we'll see how it goes and after
this we're gonna see slim yeah we're at
Slim's crib right now is supposed to
meet up with him but he's not coming
down so we just checked this door his
door is open so we're gonna sneak inside
the house this is a crime
well I cry this is definitely it
definitely can some call the cops on us
sneaking inside it's good yeah well is
it open like fully open
you're right you go first gonna feel
safe
I think is my little time off but if we
see ya bro we just pretty much snuck in
your house my eyes only tell me now I
miss Hamza man yeah an older man do you
know that were cousins they know that
what cause I mean you can still get
married - Reema or nah you don't wanna
get married you know three years ago
yeah you did videos where you supposed
to know
there's my little cousins beings that
wit they make fun him for that video cuz
he's older back then you know oh I'm
gonna say single favorite so what house
gets married oldest hi that's the
biggest story that's the vibe they are
going to do between Saudi Arabia and
Qatar and Quaid so crushing on the apply
team so grant have you master lemon all
right guys had just got out to over and
whenever I meet like these like elder or
older era you know dads and stuff it
gets really awkward because they talked
to me about politics and stuff and I'm
not really into like you know going
inside of politics I just you know I
love everyone equally I want peace with
everyone and I don't want to hear like
you know this and that you should like
this you should like that I think
everyone is you know should love each
other love one another go all humans so
you know show love to one another oh by
the way and the keys here I'll say like
with politics you should all like just
love one another you know imagine us
like fighting and president guys guys
more time if you got a lot of you guys
wanted caring loving stupid president
Istanbul here the only one cos knows
like these crazy dope spots to go either
but you all get married it's tough we
all got to go on like double dates and
triple date size see as you say the key
is actually hi guys I'm doing a little
collage right now to show you guys how
it feels to be on a date each of us so
first give me slim fat throw in the key
for cars and then me always have you got
a foot that's you smooth I say you got
me yeah put your smoothest face on right
so it's like kind of like a little game
you know I
just let you guys on the smoothest snow
it is I'm smooth I am fine about what
cause it's really smooth I'm nice one of
my favorite kind of coffees is Turkish
coffee you know saying hey guys you just
got done with our food now we're having
some dessert you know saying some back
now WA and what's that I don't know what
that so needed
okay all right God we just had a crazy
game of billiards with me slim vs. and
the key band Wilcox yeah they beat us
very specs it all go to the can you beat
them up for me
tell me
good
all this out for you to give you funny
people gonna snapshot it and give people
elves now I'm glad we to get out today
but we go bounce back first W did do me
gang I just want to say thank you guys
so much for your prayers of love for my
dad I appreciate it so much my dad
appreciates it so much he is finally
home he's laying down getting his rest
in bed I'll keep you guys updated
tomorrow and I'll vlog with him tomorrow
but he told me to tell you guys to say a
big big thank you to every single one
you guys so do me yang you guys have a
big impact on my dad I appreciate you
guys for showing so much love my dad
other than that do me gang I'm ending
this vlog and I just want to say do not
forget the moto music video trailer
comes out November 12th and the whole
music video comes out November 19th and
if you guys haven't got chapter 2 make
sure you guys get chapter 2 and get your
tickets for the quake show because it's
only a little bit left other than that
thank you guys so much for loving
support make sure you guys give the
vlogs and thumbs up if you guys enjoyed
it I'll see you guys tomorrow take care
and peace I like in it shit swear to god
he shut it pain when life gives you
yemen baby makes them Yemen aid today
