yes and I'm like when I have to live it
again so hey guys what's up we are at
John Jay College right now we're filming
draw my life in here because it's only
quiet and peaceful place here and yeah
we're still fasting we haven't ate and
the video is harder than we thought man
it's really hard yo but the college look
looks nice yo how hard is it going this
is how we're doing it right now look
we're just showing them how it's behind
the scene this is not this is how you do
draw my life like that
we got colorful markers and we hope you
guys like to draw my life is going to be
out today 6:00 p.m. so if you guys are
watching this before 6 p.m.
be sure to watch it at 6 p.m. and you
know share subscribe like and if you're
watching this after 6 p.m. and if you're
watching after 6 p.m. go watch it go get
ready out and yes I hope you guys enjoy
it we have a lot of shows a life just
you know this what you're going to see
here is going to be basically our life
in just one quick video and hope you
guys understand and know more about us
man and now no more hate and everything
just you know show us well thank you oh
you do play well yeah right now we are
just chilling sorry this is we're taking
a break right now this is honestly I'm a
bit might expand take a break this is
how college life is like look at the
seats behind this is like this is
college like this is college like no
that's not cars like that's like Ella
that's Elementary like like behind me is
like seats stop you could call it a
knocking immature behind me is like
seats and they all like this like this
sitting like this is like a whole huge
College thing deep I mean I seen this in
movies but now that sir in real life is
crazy oh look at him I'll hold you again
Holly
you're 20 look at your acting wall
acting immature it's not being immature
is having fun
go to that what would you just go go
faster Phineas are you serious
pick up we go to church all right I pick
me up pick me up son
hey up Sonny hey we need we needed from
the videos up Amazon Minnesota is gonna
use UTI acne mature have you got your
saying I admit sure look at you I'm
still nineties okay
she's so loud we need a film's video we
haven't finished yet I so imparting the
video and we're finally done took is so
damn long I swear it took like five
hours this thing we're gonna make one
separate one but then we decided to make
one together because that was it took us
extra long now my my slave is picking it
up soon huh I said my um my habibi's
picking it up my slave yeah
huh um oh um you know stop see zpos my
mom I just your keister I bought it was
like 20 your cheesy pickup I would tack
you Surf's Up I would attack you but I
said braids I see your brain pick it up
son
Oh tell me son oh go the market maybe
slips are you good yeah sound good son
q are you good you're my bed we will
later news you're nice a septum I sit
down at Marcos what it is you look at
morning wood you did I didn't know you
did that
well you did that don't believe it on me
sometimes I get a chill for that yes
from this I get a job I got me some rice
pudding
but if Todd and we're still waiting for
absolute evil power and exercising the
video and got some water and yeah so
I've been reading the Koran and I've
been I'm still on page my page I'm in so
sorta buffer the first villas which is
the biggest surah I'm on page 42
that's an Arabic 42 the three is I got a
opposite of a three but it's four and
that's a two-hour breaks 41 so yeah I'm
on page 42
and yeah I'm sorta bacala and I've been
going it's kind of slow because I've
been really busy lately and stuff like
that but I've been reading try my best
to trying to complete it by the end of
Ramadan a shout love but yeah man I
don't know why I keep doubting myself
but hopefully with your motivation I'll
do it
we are reading the plan that's where it
makes you feel so good and especially
when you listen to it or read it and
just stay quiet and peaceful and really
makes time pass by and this really it's
an amazing feeling that's another thing
I can't explain it's something that you
have to do and see how it feels when
it's better than read reading Harry
Potter or Fifty Shades of Grey
I don't read books seriously oh yeah
yeah beautiful looks - all right now
it's about 3:30 a.m. and we have like a
half hour so till fed in and said I woke
up Rima actually fits a hood and the
only way she woke up is to think that
she's gonna go outside so I'll put on
her knee I couldn't find your sandals so
I put on her boots that she she's gonna
go outside she was so sleepy and I don't
know where she just woke up when she I
told her bath I was a come on I've said
his last night
did you just woke up and I just think
she's gonna go outside but it's not
we're gonna East for Soho because we're
gonna make her fast what a hamster come
on let's go say hi to the hymns he's
sleeping see like a hamster always
sleeps at the UM at the same time as we
do like him mm-hmm he's sleeping
he's sleeping with any much we oughta
wake him up as a ho - yo yo wake up ass
outside come on Ella go eat a low is
about to prefetch come on let's go come
on let's go eat it come on chocolate
whenever from California I think you
wrote a letter he says can you follow me
on Twitter and add me on Facebook
I will follow you on twitter and I will
add you on facebook well you said your
favorite players LeBron James my
favorite player is Kobe and he said he's
better and just just cuz you put a
dollar in that I'll add you in a
volunteer I'm just joking but there's
you why you don't set no money says yeah
I'm gonna I'm gonna send this back no
joke I'm gonna send us back
seriously it's not eat or anything but
this I don't know makes me feel so bad I
don't want all on what you guys have
your supports all I want to eat right
right Rima I'm just looking at the dial
like a and thank you that big thank you
so much to sit up high down from Germany
ich liebe dich you have amazing talent
it looks exactly like the picture and
thank you so much greetings from New
York to you you're amazing
you guys are all amazing and I'm loving
it pata papa
you know one that you you know one
direction
no I might walk in that direction you
know one direction
