still I'm a leak in my home a lot you
better cut two guys if you're doing good
today today we're gonna go play
basketball play some bum and bust out on
the bottom and then we're gonna meet up
with the boys and we're fasting right
now we're playing ball before a Howard
super for fasting so use me did you
watch the One Direction video in one
direction video that's all you ever you
ready so already
oh I just came out two hours ago and we
were nice always so how about what was
the best song ever that was the best
video ever to the brown mumble gonna get
kicked City actually we're gonna be in
the same team today was there anything
they watch the new of One Direction
video
we watch the moon one Direction's video
the best song ever
you know ones actually you know what
direction
I'm nine walk in that direction you know
one direction you look like the mother
except with a Salaam aleikom emblematic
sir I just want to say that you look
like Z molecule is a mullet you look
like him you know what
using interpret no are some compliment
to you lazy mother the boys all in here
hiya so happens they have used to
channel two so it's going to be true sir
yet when it at one to true story a si
first is little vacation
we're Grantham Dorn crazy there we go if
we loses cousins and the brown long so
we can't play torrents ooh so that's you
could have could have beat you guys
Manta but true story a saint
solidification wouldn't you know getting
unites together the Muslims versus the
anonymous us and we're fasting right now
and we're still gonna play and yeah your
Brahma but we got this huh yeah I'm
gonna burst em over there right yeah
yeah and we're fasting so may Allah
guide us to win see I mean I would see
may allah got this one you guys all
ready let's go yo we got we got about 20
minutes left till thawed and we stay at
20 minutes there's things at ease it
looks like ice-cold water and we are
thirst you know mark so right now in
here we've been waiting
halloween waiter we have an eight we've
been waiting for like 10 minutes and
we're like staring on it the hell they
got their food in this the week because
we got a couple more minutes to fast and
people still because why we haven't ate
and brother we're gonna eat though
cheers to cheers to meeting those those
kids and small while fasting and cheers
water smells me
oh yeah people looking at you guys I'm
gonna go hey hey go
good hurry yeah this is getting good huh
yeah you you guys want to walk under the
umbrella for a while yeah this with you
yeah that's cool
flagging something how's it going it's
good I'm short so it's okay he's just oh
let's go into the subway yeah is it fun
I've been so bored so I decided to put
henna and Remus feet I don't know why I
put in the bottom of her now she's gonna
walk on the floor pass this hen and I
got myself number like that now put
another one here and let's see how this
goes hopefully I make it good
yeah nobody's good it's gonna fall down
me with something wonderful
now you're gonna stay like this for two
hours straight no nothing you're gonna
do nothing and sits down in yeah so the
helmet gonna be nice and right let's see
she hear him stay like that she couldn't
stay still for about 10 minutes show
nice it's over ten minutes then I stop
she looks alright and the other one her
leg got swollen now look how it looks
look how big is it now you got really
moves for I don't know it just I don't
know where just got fat and gained a lot
of excessive weight and I just see this
what happen I'm just I put on about 20
socks
terima I don't know that's how bored I
am holy macaroni
we could leave tell them uh here
marriage these language babies just so
Josh Ellen Harris and this is what
happens this is how are we good now
oh all right then oh that's why I was
get down really go ahead good yeah just
doing okay what time is there I know
what it's like it's like 2 a.m. right
now Dan he said in the blanching oh man
he said what he said in the blood it
don't matter it don't matter you guys
doing can somebody get a ticket for that
red velvet cake so much red today meant
so much red yo-yo is it true that girls
fall in love with red velvet cake they
leave it in the comments below
girls girls if you guys fall in love
with red velvet cake that's what I heard
I don't know I like like today's a quiet
day we're not having one of those crazy
days we have because we've been lazy man
we're taking a break for our epic Rap
Battles what we're doing guys I want to
do a Thursday or Friday we're gonna have
an epic rap battles oh look at this
yes say oh cool huh sure you got you you
got I got a single spear I don't have
singles you got it yeah I got something
you got your man can you say that melaka
team you know what we're from we'll come
from the Middle East and we always love
to help thank you so much little easy
nice right
you're what right Brian nice so yeah
that's what we're doing tell them how
we're doing Ramallah thank you so much
Allah shall love wish you the best now
awesome good have a great day man a
great night you too man
the cream tell them what's your future
video game view I think it's a great
time right now to be helping out people
who are less fortunate in Ramadan yeah
that's gonna be one of our future well
we're gonna be shooting this after
tomorrow insha'Allah
we're helping out a lot of people
inspired by your video exhaust people
smile and also we're gonna do New York
so check out that they were mostly New
Yorkers think of Ramadan with me know
about romance right fine
you guys should start selling some boost
our cheese man somewhere so a cheese
it's popping them tell you I got a
minute yeah if you never tried no some
loser you gotta try some Moussa with
cheese you guys try it sorry about all
right so we got our stew hood having our
alone time and waiting for sucks to come
is gonna be just us
it's kind of common wrong this is real a
peaceful man usually always go out do
crazy stuff today and taking a little
break man
I'm at the dog this state this is what
we're eating for what's Mazal and don't
worry this from a halal spot guys this
it looks like have you ever watched
heavier watch blouse but it's like read
it with the red bridge yeah everywhere
you look everywhere you're jumping this
panel Louis the water looks beautiful
man what is here at night
it's not like it means the light chemo
wow man muscle it looks yeah cream jump
in nice jump in Sun do something gobo
huh huh
jump it's real
ruff ruff I jump in with you Susan come
on ready Michelle of the moon looks
beautiful man this sucks do the best
song ever high note I go do overtime the
best song ever hi no 13 a.m. and we're
leaving now so gotta edit of the block
so we're gonna he'll let you guys later
I got a piece design man dang say we'll
see you guys tomorrow
and make sure you give this video a
thumbs up tomorrow right take care
hope you guys enjoying the daily vlogs
and yeah we have a new video coming out
tomorrow draw my life gonna start
reading it today probably gonna read
about couple pages every day and every
day and I'm going to try to finish it
because I remember the last couple years
ago I never really finished
