hey guys what's up it's day 12 of our
daily Ramadan vlogs and I'm feeling
great I'm having a lot these past 12
days it's been really not that hard for
me so yeah and I'm gonna I'm trying to
finish reading the whole Quran and I
forgot to start on day one but I will
start today
so yeah this this Quran I got it from
when I was in um Saudi Arabia when I did
Omar there I got it from this man
factory there's a thing called the Quran
factories in Saudi Arabia this is right
here the cell looks it's like a factory
where they make all the plans for the
whole entire world and this was freshly
made and I got it for free and it was
yeah that's why I like it so yeah I'm
gonna start reading it today probably
gonna read about couple pages every day
and every day and I'm gonna try to
finish it because I remember the last
couple years ago um I never really
finished it I only got like halfway then
I stopped and I was like dad so I want
to finish it this time and yeah if you
guys didn't know mean chef we've
actually been to ometer before when we
were in high school and yeah just
actually have a clip of when I was there
I actually got to touch the cabin when I
was there but nobody ever saw before so
here it is
so yeah that was a clip when I was at
the cabin and I got to touch together I
even got to kiss the Blackstone and I
feel so blessed because not not that
much people even get to do that like
throughout the whole world so yeah
that's that's that's the perks of being
short you know you could just like slide
through people and get a get there and
stuff like that and it always is it's so
crowded there and like it took me about
an hour to to get there and I was the
whole time I was like no I'm gonna get
there I'm gonna get there and I got the
kiss to Blackstone about two or three
times and one of the crazy thing is look
the Blackstone it has thousands of
people around it thousands of people
kissing it and when you kiss it like
thousands of people sweats swear on it
but when you kiss it it still smells so
good
you don't even hear the people behind
you when you kiss a you don't even hear
anything and went out when I kissed the
Blackstone I'm one of my dad's was yeah
a lot to make me succeed and whatever I
try to succeed and look at and look now
whatever I try to succeed now I swear I
always succeed in it and when I believe
in it and I stay positive I succeed in
it that's just crazy and just
subhanAllah just it feels it's an
amazing feeling and touching the Kaaba
is something really you guys wanted to
say that I came and explained the
feeling you guys have to go for yourself
and touch the cab is just one of the
most amazing places ever it is the most
amazing place ever trust me
Stables right now we're looking to buy
something not for school for a new video
Karim Remo maybe not go to school Khan
yeah yeah
run imagine Rima turns to a track star
when she's older oh I'm sorry
mmm right here yeah he's gonna escalator
attack
and you can give me okay okay
now they go down this
let's go rimas first time and escalator
is that don't you know what we had to
what he is is so yeah you guys guess
what we're gonna do with that
Oh open open alright we finally got what
we got to get and I was thinking about
me and Rima we should do a date prank
together I mean we should do a prank
while Reema's on with me like this
and I asked people like do you want to
date I think that the reactions would be
epic so let me know the comments below
if you guys think we should do a date
prank with Rima cuz I really want to go
to a prank involving Rima in it because
whenever I walk with Rima I always tell
her in Arabic have been happy to give me
a kiss so she randomly gives me a kiss
and people think that she just randomly
gives me a kiss when I tell her in
Arabic tameka's like this in me did I
leave my did happen
give me disappear alright so we near the
mustard here that we went to last time
and I want to tell you guys so this
building right here you should never be
there a couple years ago and I heard the
guy who owns this building and told him
to make this made this building he's
against Muslims and he doesn't like
Muslims oh that's true that's really
messed up because he's black in the
messages view and people he's always
view from the other side and now that
people can't and like this whole big
huge thing blocks it and he build it
there by purpose and I think that's
really messed up if that's true but but
yeah nothing will ever cover in the
message it was still it's beautiful
other than this building that blocks it
god it's a grim out to the park and
mimmo come come here I just seems like
my stuff you got this now I'm gonna put
you there like scooby-doo come look why
are you calling like a dog go down this
is like a roller coaster for me mo come
on you got this
we've all got this don't worry wa get
that let go bring my leg up like a--
remember you doing like remaking a
feels like that like yep look at it
sliding because they're hit down
professor professor yeah wow you're a
punk Wow Rima supposed to go faster than
that oh oh oh
Sofia Arriba and Xena drew you look I
love this here
her eyes look nice even lucky this is
you look this is you say thank you say
thank you give it a kiss thank you so
much - Sofia Arriba and Xena thank you
so much from Malika to Malika Malik this
picture I'm in love with this picture
you did an amazing job and these just oh
my goodness you guys are the best
I swear you guys don't understand how
much I love you guys how much love we
all have for you guys you guys are crazy
and you guys always know how to make our
days thank you so much and thank you so
much to Salina good tea ideas ha saying
right and yeah I always really read your
letters and you guys are seriously
amazing and your letters always touch me
and I'm gonna hang these up with the
rest estimated hang these up free must
stop stop happy Ramadan che
get scaring with love from your scanned
fans all the way from Texas once again
you guys are freaking crazy thank you so
you guys are going to make us fat
seriously it's just crazy so much to not
nasara n-- P Amana and Surya you guys
are freaking amazing and the crazy thing
is they don't have no Facebook no
Twitter no social media all they have is
I think they watch us on YouTube so
thank you whoa it's just I don't know
how I can repay you guys because you
guys use so much money or something just
I don't know how to repay you guys just
send back $50 or something thank you so
much and this is gonna be the first
thing I'm gonna eat once if thought
comes I love this you don't know how
much I love Beunos oh my goodness thank
you
let's get married I'm just joking really
thank you good hi guys it was time to
wrap up this flag actually um he
accidentally deleted his footage that he
had of the vlog so he couldn't be in
this black so what the hell's up
with you man come on buddy I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog when I have a new
video and I made China on Wednesday and
you guys probably know we gave you guys
a little hint in this vlog of what's
gonna be on so yeah but yeah we'll see
you guys tomorrow hope you guys give
this video a thumbs up hope you guys
enjoying the daily blogs thank you guys
so much for everything make sure you go
subscribe to our main channel yesterday
we had 96 thousand subscribers today we
had 97 thousand subscribers thank you so
much and yeah make sure to go subscribe
so hopefully we can reach 100,000
subscribers before I move on and and we
got this so yeah then you guys teammates
say doom again you guys are the greatest
greatest hello gang most non violent
gang everybody yeah take a guy who see
you guys tomorrow
peace hi how you doing you doing good
ci you doing good
