you put on a song
oh I'm gonna break good people doing
different lick the rip currents look
buddy I know it feels like it's coming
this way
others close it seems like different
ways
the waves it's so hard see like is it
right there careful in our surfing
literally nobody here because I think
it's all repairs nobody because it's
really cold
Oh
Jeff Jeff and which is tres tres en iya
they watch a video video guys watch all
your videos license their because you
have live in Miami Miami Miami not nice
and in French and Dominican yeah speak
to us in French in the mini system we
satisfied yeah all that is why I be a
miracle
I mean be Attorney of Miami on me I mean
for me do you have a nasty book thank
you thank you listening man number one
fan right there as alright okay I shout
out to them and yeah hey guys what's up
so this one we've been doing the past
couple days at night we've been getting
cat food from Walgreens or Walmart and
something and there's like this area
near a hotel it's like so much cats
probably like 10 20 cats they have like
no food and stuff so we just buy them
food and yeah we're kind of doing like
make the animal smile kind of thing so
yeah shake is driving yeah and we always
do it around 2:00 3:00 a.m. because I
don't know just which find it really fun
and really nice to watch itself
I don't like raccoons oh I mean like I
know they're hungry and stuff like that
but they come and they snatch their food
up the cat's foot up and they just run
run off like that's that's just really
really rude of you raccoons yes party
mix some sounds tasty like I wouldn't
actually try it we got more
nine labs so let's see how this goes
hopefully no raccoons come now
alright so this is where the cats are
slowed down you can see them
I'm so scared they woken up look how
much cast is there are there sorry
Thank You kitty what's that what's that
hi kitty I like surrounded by so much
cat see the legs over and pull look he
knows all right hi Kiwis you guys are
good Ollie come
get out the way
i Goti know raccoons are here she come
out with me to smooth
so right now about the feet of the
alligators and yeah it's kind of like
fishing so hopes and what is a hot dog
ya know it's like hot dogs and we're
gonna feed it to them hot dogs hot dogs
howl whatever it is so see how this goes
ready alright so to put it in put it
together let's put it on them
now open
Oh
using his bus
what is
yeah I'm making Piper up you miss miss
me
I love it
oh yeah auction years ago crazy shake oh
they told us to make them exercise
because it's only easy each of them uh
that's why we're kind of doing that get
fun in it
that's what we kind of make that making
them exercise don't think we're just
gonna make them exercise we're doing
about purpose you're telling us to make
them okay
Oh what the heck Jake Oh hot dog man
guess who's okay hi Reba did you miss me
I just came in the room and Reba was
like going crazy oh okay she's give me a
big hug right now you missed me I didn't
miss you you might own like your new
haircut
let me see Lucy you know haircut but are
you a person in Malaga and let me see
you know haircut look at me let me see
you do it you like you like it yeah but
you look older now Reema you look like
the Dora that to the door being Rima
finally back say yay mmm I know stop
it's not funny stop Europe
I can't I'm holding you one hand and I'm
holding the black camera with one hand
she's putting the chain in my nose it's
not funny hello don't putting a looser
you're disgusting nasty stop you like it
look at missed you you make it hmm oh
you make me kiss that you gonna make me
kiss that huh okay I see how it is ah
dropped her up she fell now Jackson no
no Mikey put it on my nose you nasty oh
no no no he'll know every Monday he was
so nasty I gosh was time to wrap up this
vlog but before we wrap it with this
flag we have a lot a lot to say and
we're gonna start off with the vlogs a a
daily vlogs we couldn't upload anything
in the the hotels we were at out of the
Wi-Fi were just horrible I had to buy
Wi-Fi off my phone I had to get a
personal hotspot and upload the the
vlogs we had that were
bloated and then my thing will overload
me I couldn't get number Wi-Fi and my my
bill was like so high so I couldn't do
it anymore and that's why we could
upload any vlogs every time I would vlog
something more than eight nine minutes
it could upload I would say about a
thousand something minutes and we'd wait
for it wait for it so we apologize on
that that we can upload any vlogs but
now we are back and there's a lot going
on right now tomorrow we have this is a
cool announcement this is one of the
cleanest moves I know we told you guys a
cool announcement and then we said that
they prank 2 was up so thank you guys
for the love and a prank - we December
26 we will be at guess what we'll be at
the WWE event who knows the wrestling's
of it so we got invited for wrestling -
to sit down in the front like VIP and to
have a meet-and-greet with all the
double double e Superstars and
everything just and I'm that's like I'm
a big fan of like wrestling so imma love
it so if you guys anybody watching
wrestling on December 26th
make sure you guys tune in maybe you
guys will see us in the front and yeah
we're hopefully I wanna meet I want to
meet the rock and John Cena and Kurt
Angle I don't know but is something
really fun and we'll be vlogging over
there and yeah if you guys want to see
Black Friday date prank remember that I
filmed remember we filmed Black Friday
day prank but it didn't go so well was I
could leave a video I'm gonna put up a
little pieces of it on vine my vine is
below is right here my mind is my name
so if you guys want to check it out it
will be there and yeah happy holidays
everybody who's celebrating whatever
religion you are happy Holidays to you
guys tomorrow is Christmas but Muslims
we don't celebrate Christmas but we do
love the holiday spirit we love the
lights you guys have and stuff like that
and tomorrow we're gonna vlog and see
what Muslims doing Christmas week we
just look at all of you will get gifts
and were like ah I just we got you know
money and that's eight and you know how
did but yeah I'm that you got so much
for your for listening to me and hope
you guys all doing right we miss you
guys so much and I missed the Wi-Fi here
so good give this video a thumbs up if
you guys are glad ac daily vlogs are
back so you guys tomorrow for another
vlog and if you guys want to go on vine
and see the date
prank Black Friday day prank it'll be up
around maybe six seven yeah we'll let
you guys know for the 2014 tour we're
gonna call it something else
AC we are tour with the 2013 tour now
with the 2014 tour we're going to be
going to we're gonna be going to a lot a
lot of places around the world and we're
gonna be going to hopefully Florida this
time we'll have an event in Florida not
just like a vacation or something so
yeah and shuttle everything will go
great well tell you guys all the news
little by little and yeah you guys will
be there with us with the WWE and
everything is ala 2014 here we come this
seems like it's going to be another
great year for us and for all of us so
inshallah everything goes great oh one
more thing we do have a video um we
don't have a video we weren't planning
on uploading it because we feel like
it's like I don't know we feel like it's
I don't feel like we don't it's not it's
just a minute and a half video because
we will only got it done we got too much
trouble doing it so we're gonna upload
on Sunday at 5 p.m. so stand and look
out for that and and yeah see you guys
tomorrow for real this time and take
peace
member
