hey guys my father right now yo you guys
probably know him but the commuter the
computer nerd he's the king of everyone
and Joey right there with two youtubers
oh I thought he lived in California's on
the but they they chilling in New York
City well Jersey yeah I never could read
oh yeah you know we're just chilling
shooting I don't know what you guys do
it I know what they do it in my heart
now you're free girl for hero who's Earl
Sweatshirt
oh but free bro breezy way it was nice
nice to my let's go figure is awesome
eating has been you too man yes so it's
like a hundred degrees and we're fasting
ever like walking around for our new
video right new video yes I need some
water go thirsty join Issaquah we're
this for ACA time about one day sleep so
we're still filming it can be a crazy
print or upholstery close the street so
we're going to go hang on anyways I hope
you guys like our daily vlogs we
actually even though I don't have a
camera I do with the phone then oh my
god Adam solid kiss me know they're
doing justice for Trayvon here in New
York City and hey see let's join them
it's like it's all around the block cops
are like everywhere look that cops right
there
more cops there more cops here just just
for Trayvon it's hear you scream out
justice for Trayvon ah in a recipe what
are you doing in the phone section
without oh sorry that's an aside we're
just vlogging yes with all rights a kilt
I mean shake we're gonna ask people if
they're I'm a fasting so we're gonna be
the hot on police right now
Rudy are you fasting yes I am are you
passing you're not fast
no ticket today you're not fast me your
breath smells backer that's when I'll
make sure these Muslims are fasting to
work and I brother brother Salaam
alaikum I'm doing the video I'm trying
to see if you're fast are you fasting
yeah cuz I am are you fasting
yes cuz I'm hot I'm police I'm just
checking up see if you're fasting that's
it okay Allah Hafiz let's check in right
no ticket you're not gonna get no ticket
or no ticket
yeah I remember you that's huh how you
doing were you fasting are you fasting
huh brother don't know cigarettes are
you learning ah you fasting right yeah
okay
hello then
are you fasting are you write down
ticket yes the right you come to one
ticket
there's no fasting during these 30 days
write down a cigarette by your name you
gotta bust a few leave you got that five
one five by five five we need a backup
bring shit while here check one
yes bring the shifter yeah yeah one that
we'll have you ate today
Cheerios kg really a trios is that my
materials a highlighter hello hello to
you so it's okay 150 knots in are we
fasting huh are you fasting you know
fuzzy he's gonna race you down the $20
ticket you need to be fascinating for
the next 30 days
you're not fasting you write you down a
ticket
five one five we need backup yet we
actually blondie girls here you're not
passing we're just checking up on people
in the stores seem they're fasting or
investing huh let me smell your breath
your breath are you fasting
huh
who's been I need a mixture because
we're giving out tickets where isn't a
woman up at 200 other tickets or enough
s I believe you again okay I believe
alright sorry no ticket he's good he's
got keeping the streets safe you know we
gotta make sure everyone's fasting are
you back again are you fasting nothing
are you right I'm not a ticket yeah
he's invited on a $20 ticket
right you're not you're not fasting
Richie got a ticket because there are
number nine and if you're not fasting
the wretched on continue
colorful sarima she's trying to act like
she's a baby now so she can't fast room
what are you doing no I say got a doozy
good to go to sleep if you guys don't
know room was actually one years old
she's turning to an August 30th yo are
you doing Vicky this is a kitty smack
crack give me a kiss me say hi baby
well you like this Reema do you like
this you like this blanket you like it
like it
not anymore
this thing is mine what's that see she
knows him what's that yeah what is it
she always has a low and cheap when she
sees that subhanAllah Joe alright so I'm
on my sister's house right now with
Hamza and I look yo what are you doing
so nice world ed you're a kid Ohama so
when you sleep do you wake up in a new
Bugatti what yes he has a car bed when
you sleep
d wake up in a new Bugatti it's a song
so there's these girls the name is Emma
Numa Nasreen shreya and Pia mana they
give you guys these stuff and I want you
guys to open it right is there we open
but hey listen the card says please tell
hammers esterday I said hi so we would
toss they say hi Surya hi Surya and she
says she loves you as she gave you this
ring - I do do this yeah she wants to
marry you I'm joking over here what do
you see is very cheap yes yeah if it's
you thank you so much nesrin Surya and
oh that she's wearing this shirt do you
like it thank you and yeah this hums is
oh it looks like you
I won't get their ass tonight don't get
scared at the mouth yes the door's
always moving
oh you guys wanna see so you get so
you're gonna sleep it what is he at
sometimes she sleeps walk
all right go I leave it here do any of
you guys watch Glee yeah logically I
dunno some guy named Corey I do give me
a guy's name that you know I don't know
Damon because n Corey yeah I don't know
cuz that I see a lot on Twitter like
died or something oh let me look up his
game i'ma look up his name Cory I'm
movin cuz I don't really watch a Glee
like that oh yeah I'm lob you know him
yeah who's that
mm last name fit oh I thought I thought
this is real me yeah he died the other
day and like a lot of people been
talking about him so yeah sorry
how does a guy I don't know do you
swatch him
yeah what ways to do you think yeah yeah
I don't know he passed away in this it's
sad to see I don't know like seeing him
right now looking at him that he passed
aways as I got be a rest in peace - Cory
his name with his name is Finn
yeah no denial I thought name is Corey
yeah that's had yeah Oh shake so we
gettin ready one minutes we'll break our
fast stop really disturbed eagle yeah
we're eating actually late it's about
nine o'clock and we're about to break up
fast nine o'clock so which ones to pick
up our 30 minute that's why sauce which
we have a gyro right here and we got my
206 and we have another general coming
so yeah and 30 minutes after until
you're 30 minutes after when breaking
out fast this is like extra credit but
we go creams that extra credit when
you're doing
we're in the dream so we can eat yeah
right now it was shake why don't you put
your hands huh this is the way to
Wetlands we're gonna wash your hands and
bother you always eat with your hands
when you're indoors when you're outdoors
gonna eat with a fork
right because we're now outside of South
America whenever inside egg
you know we what the heck all right guys
so it's time to wrap up this flag and
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this flag
if you guys what are you doing she's
trying to sleep best when she's sleeping
I go sleep then goodnight gosh
all right if you guys don't know we have
a new video coming out on Wednesday at 6
p.m. and it's going to be a crazy video
crazy Ramadan prank video and it's gonna
be is one of my bestest videos I usually
never say that but I'm loving this video
because it's just crazy and it's funny
so yeah make sure you guys tune in to
that when I say I hope you guys are
enjoying the daily Ramadan vlogs spin
something it's been part about Ramadan
now and yeah we have um I'm Natanya so
basically that's it make sure you keep
make sure you leave a thumbs up and I'm
about to put me to sleep so we'll see
you guys tomorrow
oh yeah make sure you guys follow us on
Twitter and I'm help shake get to 10k on
Twitter because I want him to smile so
make sure you go follow us on Twitter
and follow shakes you haven't followed
and we'll see you guys tomorrow
have a great day be my doing we'll go
have a great day have a great night I
love you guys so much and take care
alright now you wouldn't believe I'm
like you want to see look this time I
walk you right here I get off my back
