this is their living room yo this is the
TV even even the chessboard is so
correct hey do me gang I'm back to the
cold cold weather this is crazy
I just landed this morning leaving 4
hours sleep and then shower oh who knows
you guys know what the links for that
let me know in the comments below I'm
not gonna meet up with homie slim he's a
few blocks up so let's go see
so I would follow you for 37 seconds I
live house in a rush to follow you for
37 seconds fine man I don't know what to
see when you can notice something so
slow man what's the answer it like why
is he wearing a beanie meaning this
summer it's winter road Mike what the
chokers dude seriously if I do it I
gotta stay there with my pop story jieb
oh cool
habbo slim abu tada thank you so much
for the food man even though I was wait
for like three days I missed them so
much but just to let you guys know we go
into the bots to gether this time next
week and it's gonna be insane our
fashion week is gonna be a while Wow
Philly cheesesteak Wow bro they're
always kept a backup squirrel this girl
wants beat bro yo Adam show that fucker
no stupid squirrels just freaking jump
down Slim's leg and I ruined that whole
meal and all these tourists are like
taking pictures of it these guys making
a scene with so embarrassed always scary
man don't know much with this world we
gonna big see everybody's looking at me
in this girly Rolly who's literally on
his foot man guys if someone moving here
leave this Wow nice camera man like it
what do you got it's got a dragon my
dragon yeah my fame Acme shit I'm saying
thank you dude you could hire my friend
to be a bite yeah actually shit you know
huh New York is so random and they're
always filming like random movies and
they stop you in the street that you
can't walk right now
alright so we just played a little bit
of basketball I'm gonna tell you usually
I'll tell you guys like go watch some
vlog but don't go watch some vlog
because I just lost husband for $20 I
lost I lost I'll take it up I own up to
it
it's all good that's good that's that's
a meal right there from the Donald all
right guys I want to get a fake piercing
so I can prank a family member real shit
this is dope except this close for the
nose is it no these ones you can put in
your ears
yeah right you get the nose one I get
the ear one this is a girls doll right
silver just over yeah I know it's a
black thing yeah
oh my god no I'm again we get I get the
ears you get the nose yeah hi guys we're
getting these right here hi guys this is
the next day I'm wearing the same
clothes by the ghost City Heights ARIMA
because I haven't seen her for a while
and it's taken us a long a long time
with this whole moving process I'll keep
you guys updated but let's go see what's
up with three mister Eva wait no no
that's it that's it
she she left me hanging and gives the
loss
it's a good theory ma ma what do you
want to be when you grow up
a teacher what kind of teacher a
first-grade teacher no no I can't be
guarding a kindergarten teacher and what
do you want to teach them wait okay -
you're gonna teach them us - Vasu I was
super suit for know what's that two plus
two is four minus one that's three cook
Matt's too close to it for my room is
gonna be teacher - it matters who's that
okay Reema do you know that I'm married
now yes because I saw the wing do you
know how mag - yeah that's lives
that's Lou's life who would slim married
- yes and Who am I gonna be married soon
who do you want me to be married soon
what do you wanna get married - zip Zayn
Malik sister which one which one
Wow Wow have been there looking 27
thousand US dollars and I got a bunch of
benefits one of those being getting
complimentary massage so the gifts are
called unlimited in the subs not
unlimited but guests can call the
solution is far down this is what you're
saying tonight because I'm leaving today
you go to New York this is a room would
look at this this is this is all what yo
jacuzzi here we got the whole living
room here that's crazy man
Kim Kardashian has been in his bed Kim K
has been oh my god Kim Canova Sh this
view is insane
they got an office here this place is so
huge as a whole bridge it's a whole big
bridge so these beds are also part of
this week's Wow how many people did Kim
cars I shouldn't have one she knew when
she came did she come with all Kim
keeping up with the Kardashian crew or
they recently shot two episodes no way
though I used to have like a big crush
on her but then Kanye took her in like
this whole thing is the suite $27,000 a
night this is the suite this is their
hallway it's not the hotel hallway this
is the suite this is their living rooms
yo this is the TV even even the
chessboard is over I'm dying
this isn't see I don't know where to
sleep tonight I might sleep here bro I'm
not sleep in the floor do you know imma
do I'm asleep 20 minutes in that
20 minutes in that room I'm good like
this
I'm telling you you can sleep on the
chess board they have their own freaking
like a little mini bar and so seriously
guys I don't think I could stay in
anything this big is way too big for me
I'll get lost
wow what a view even the chairs like wow
nice yeah look what I did first round yo
this is the whole dinner table here
crazy man imagine imagine Paula wasn't
leave it to New York man but I have to
go cuz my dad you know seven surgery and
the house and everything but nacio
enjoyment I'm being a hater now I'm
leaving Bruno's hit it man screw you man
you're changed man you just sleeping you
changed
you know what that means I mean he's
successful man you gotta keep doing new
man never hate on anyone man be proud of
say you know NAS always has these
basketball jerseys little he buys he
spent so much money on basketball
jerseys and he doesn't even know who the
players are hoody who is this who what
players is not Bose what player the
Ripper Steph Curry LeBron James oh no
bro it just looks good yo you not
allowed to say you not allowed to stay
that's it it's going to eat up what it's
done now yeah that's it so what are you
supposed to do when you eat here like
are you gonna be down there Michael Mike
you should I sit there yeah but what's
fine what about
Britisher Kincaid did her makeup here
right there I love you keep canola dish
I thought we had a thing we couldn't be
showered together but not you Kayne you
chose to go west you didn't want to go
east do me gang as you guys know I am
back home in New York City we won't be
moving out until I believe a week or two
or maybe even three weeks because Remes
is having trouble transferring from her
school to the other school and my dad is
having surgery so until all those are
done we're gonna officially be moving
out also do me again I want you guys to
keep my dad in your prayers he is having
a big big surgery tomorrow and I'm not
gonna lie I'm kind of afraid and it's
it's putting me in a mood where I just
don't want to do anything so if you guys
can't please keep my dad in your prayers
and also I want to give a huge shout out
to Khadijah and Jana
they're the ones who hooked us up with
the dope dope apartment in Dubai at city
wok that apartment with the big balcony
I showed you guys in the vlog thank you
so much for your hospitality
for looking out for us if you guys want
to check them out the link will be down
below driven holiday homes thank you so
much I appreciate you guys and I cannot
wait to maybe meet you guys when I come
back to the bar nothing that if you guys
enjoy this vlog make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace in it shit swear to god he
shouldn't pain when life gives you Yemen
baby makes them Yemen aid place I'll
meet you there I'll treat playing like a
new
