hey guys how's it going salamualikum'
you're competing once again because we
are planning we're having a lot of
future plans and we just filmed a video
today but didn't get so vlog as much but
shake didn't rent today what was your
rain on you guys can see was it on
appreciation about precision do you
appreciate me boys every say to my life
you do
alright cool but yeah we're right now
working with a meeting with amplitude
productions and shala everything goes
great we're gonna be having um we're
gonna be having some events coming soon
a lot of event we'll be filming our TV
show and if you guys want you can leave
in the comments below what do you guys
want our TV show to be on do you guys
want it to be on anything specifically
do you guys want it does that learn like
a talk show or not that is I'm gonna
Tahoe show or no it's a gonna be talking
we're not doing like a talk show we're
gonna do more of like maybe something
like reactions outside or maybe
something like episodes save me
something with episodes that we gonna
films like three or four months and then
it's gonna be released week by week
someone or maybe maybe different maybe
everyday we'll see how it goes so every
day yeah son took it just heart see Adam
I appreciate you I think we're gonna
show you guys I'm gonna show you guys a
clip of me shake how we look like about
last year and we changed a lot so yes
yeah we look so young
Hey look now stop pushing people say
we're gonna beat up dummy
it's dummy here stop don't mess with my
friends right someone who is Johnny
Johnny stop we're gonna teach you guys
some pressure points alright so the
pressure point one pressure point is
right here the temple give one person
one hand right there karate or boxing
he's done right another pressure framing
like this we swing ice cream you like
watch don't ever mess with my family
okay another pressure point isn't that
cool shit what the hell I so sorry my
mom alright say this young chicks okay
so this guy what would you do to show me
what would you do say I jump to say
sorry the time to say sorry
I mean I'm telling you this is you pick
me up
he's right there
okay the conclusion is never invited
hello I'm stand here you like this Adam
he has no hands all right do something
you stabbed me he said he stabbed me let
me get up inside you do sir
and this
so today's rent is gonna be about
appreciation I know you guys you guys
probably heard this a lot like you guys
probably heard people saying oh
appreciate like this and I blah blah
blah but you know it's something that
should be should be said more I noticed
a lot of people that don't appreciate
like that don't appreciate anything like
when they have a lot of money they want
more they they go $100 come on I want
more like $100 there are people in this
world who would do anything to see that
on the others who who would do anything
to have that hundred dollars do their
whole life would be made if they had
that on your dollars and you're
complaining about having the hajjali
I know people who complain about they go
oh my eyes are so small oh my hair is
messed up oh my ears are so big there
are a lot of people in this world who
cannot see who cannot hear who cannot
talk who have no hair who cannot grow no
here what's the point of complaining
about all this there are people who
would do anything literally anything to
see the world to see the cars drive to
see the trees with the wind blowing
trees there are people who would do
anything to hear who who can hear the
birds the birds making sound you know
there are people who are like that and
you're complaining about it
you have to thank God that you have
these futures these people there are
people that don't have these features
you know you add every moment you should
thank God you should appreciate life
because everyone is in a different level
not all the people aren't seen well just
know that the level you're in you should
appreciate that because the people below
you are struggling to be on your level
so you know all I'm trying to say is
appreciate life and you know stop
complaining move on with your life but
with the appreciation like with move on
with which we have what God gave you
don't try to don't try to go
don't try to beg for more like complain
about what you have use what you have
and and and you know improve on it
don't don't complain about it because
you know it there are people that wants
what you have another thing is if you
have money in your pocket and you're
walking and you see you homeless people
and stuff it doesn't hurt to give them
$1.00 it doesn't hurt to give them food
it doesn't hurt to to give them a smile
especially in this weather right now in
New York City the weather is freezing
and there's a lot of homeless people in
the streets who are struggling who put
on who put on like Jack is that they had
from ten years ago the thick of
themselves up your dollar can make a
difference to them that dollar they can
save up slowly slowly and buy a new
jacket they they can improve on that one
dollar you know that smile of yours
could make their day thicken it can warm
up their body the stuff you do for
people it will come back to you there's
a homeless person from you and you walk
past him with that even if you have a
lot of money but you walk past it and
you don't give him anything someone in
life will do the same exact thing for
you when you're in need no one will help
him so that's why you should always help
each other and be appreciative of what
you do have and live life but appreciate
life
don't complain because there are people
below you who would try to who would do
anything to be on yellow
you know just one word is appreciate
also you guys are you guys saying that
my rants are so short in this and that
the reason why it's too short is because
it's just a small round I add sort of
vlogs it's not you know it's not
official video it's just it's just some
some of my thoughts that I feel like
should be expressed so I use our blog
that use our videos to express it I hope
you guys enjoy it and that's it
howdy always time to wrap up this vlog
and must be wondering why I'm wearing
this I'm wearing this because it's
pretty cold out here in Texas and I
forgot Texas people don't even talk like
that but yeah hi guys I'm thank guys
hope you guys in for this vlog make sure
to give this video a thumbs up we have a
new video coming out on Saturday this
Saturday at 5 p.m. Eastern Time New York
City Times so make sure you guys look
out we film it today we're gonna film
some more tomorrow of it and yeah we'll
see you guys tomorrow
and peace take care hope you all have a
great day and a great night thank you
guys for all the loving support on the
a/c vlogs new video Saturday don't
forget Saturday 5:00 p.m. inner-city
time we'll see you there and we'll be
counting down on Saturday so so see you
guys tomorrow and peace
