hey guys what's up day three of our
daily Ramadan vlogs and I am feeling
great these past few days have been not
that hard I'm delet and today means chef
we got invited to the Arab American
Association to go eat our if God there
so enjoy our Ramadan vlog today outside
we'll see you guys then we'll see you
then
hi cool cool cool okay so this is going
to be Massoud it's is kind of weird but
I got some chocolate milk here let me
screen another it's kind of weird but I
got I got waffles syrup with chocolate
milk Nutella Snickers and water and a
peach I know it's kind of weird you guys
like without how do I eat it together
this is how I eat it in this order I eat
the waffles with syrup first and I drink
the chocolate milk first and then I dip
my Snickers into matelo you know
whatever I eat these first and then I
when I'm done I take a sip of the water
and I eat the peach and I drink the
whole rest of the water and then I play
xbox and then I go to sleep like 6 7
a.m.
really amazing talk to Kim and her
long-lost husband see how your man I am
so I love you come on hey he just hung
up on her face they were just talking
earlier and I think he accidentally hung
up stay here talk to he's gonna call
back right now Rema Rema let me see this
are you well I you look so pretty
ballistic idea you put lipstick on
yourself huh it's not candy it's
lipstick don't mess with that okay let
me see kissing me so I can get a mark oh
I got a read one more getting bigger
kiss bigger kiss
alright I got a weird kiss mark here
what are you saying awesome no what no
don't you dare big kiss
she's like I'm with the Middle East
right now you're here then everywhere
my staff come on time to break our time
to pray you in your little lipstick
you can't put FEMA car yeah it's awesome
for you Cameron away I can run away
sounds apprec-- you can't run away from
Sal ah time to pray okay once I didn't
eat be quiet i sarima spring now she's
doing a good job she's not getting
distracted
I just finished praying now say go down
remember Reema
all the way down see foot lifts the gun
ah she's praying gonna you are now you
go down come on
yeah good job driving my she's praying
what is actually us right now a couple
more hours and Remo you can't do that
you can't take over her job while you
bring Reema
you're not gonna fly if you do that look
down come on for a dream our dream was
praying high five give me five he was
doing a good job and this is the first
time I seen on the shake and I'm Alonzo
pople I'm kitty Rommel on stop about
every case come on
a couple minutes left to eat and see how
yeah the invited I said to eat and I
don't know what's under here but it
better be some good food
oh my god is brownies oh my goodness oh
thank you so much who made a move on me
I mean who you mean Barney
stay with me I love you son hey brownies
it
thank you so much you present yeah is if
I see mashed potatoes oh my goodness
there's always oh goodness man who me
that I want to get married sir
but that's what I'm talking about
hanging say goodbye Oh see I want to see
your reaction when you get with your
finger as a J usually say goodbye out
you get with your yes like there's one
finger one finger she just wears elbow
taken here I was fasting you watching
this I'm so sorry
you want to know
Louise and checking on her training and
right now we're done we're full
this is our team re with the Association
team right here yes but up ahead we're
just going to give you guys a happy
rumble down the water and everybody who
knows what's Ramadan knows Ramadan
what is it
Oh Oh we'll listen I know it's the holy
month of Ramadan so I go to grab
volunteer - you look like jefita giraffe
oh you boys looking fine I'm hungry like
15 kebab can we go out of the ship ah no
no no you gotta be car you gotta be nice
you can't be
don't we straight right I'm a little I
have a great day guys what's exactly
right yeah no down Expedia local
formatting is gone wild on 34 Georgia no
I go I don't let's go take him take him
take him on a ride no way that way that
way
oh no it's our down oh this is way
everybody that loves great good sup guys
we're near Dunkin Donuts
boo Muhammad Shaikh right Ozzy Michelle
yeah what's up with some amazing some of
these coladas from dokdo knows so shout
out to him thank you so much honey no
way look oh he speaks Arabic - laughs -
oh come on be good come out I'll be
showing up in and handle commander -
sure I am it's and where's it at 54th
Street and Lexington
all right have you come over here Sam
what up say what's the outer yeah this
is my golly
huh
okay you yo what's up guys it was Adam
just wanna say you we had smooth guys
and it's going good and all I just want
to say that I love you all I do Me's I
got you I got it's time to wrap up this
flag hope you guys enjoyed today's flag
um so we're going to be doing something
on Twitter tonight every Saturday night
during Ramadan we're gonna do something
it's called a contest on Twitter Twitter
contest you guys have to put hashtag
true story a essay which is right here
and then we're going to ask you guys
questions and you guys have to answer it
and whoever gets the right you'll get a
shout out and tomorrow's vlog so whoever
gets 10 people will get shoutouts on
tomorrow's vlog on tonight's Twitter
contest tonight right now is Saturday
I'm guessing you guys are watching so
tonight around 9:00 10:00 p.m. be on
Twitter and if you don't have a Twitter
and yet you're following me or share how
Twitter is write mine and
follow us so today 9 around 910 p.m.
we're gonna do a Twitter contest hashtag
to story a say and ten people who get
the questions right they will will give
you a shout outs on tomorrow's blog just
have fun with you guys and we'll do
every Saturday so we'll see how it goes
and yeah thank you guys so much for
coming through and watching our flag
make sure you guys for your thumbs up
means so much when you guys you guys
have been giving us a lot of thumbs up
these past few days and it just it just
makes makes me feel you makes me feel a
connection with you guys I was seriously
then you got so much take care we'll see
you guys tomorrow and yeah well show you
guys our mosque sometime soon we're just
getting permission I'm just getting
permission from the mosque that's near
my house because they're saying that I
can't bring my camera in there but I
will get in there door you guys and yeah
we'll see you guys tomorrow take care
and
you
