day two of Ramadan what's up guys how
you guys doing today just woke up about
a couple hours ago and I'm feeling I'm
feeling cool I'm still not is actually
going well I'm still not going kind of
hungry or suffering nothing like that
but getting kind of hungry from the soup
sure and I want some soup usually
everyday don't know I'm gonna be
checking some stuff that we're getting
from the peel box because we've got a
lot a lot a lot of stuff on the peel box
and everyday we'll check some stuff look
this is what anyone does when she's
bored she just looks at herself in the
mirror
Grima love yourself so much huh
you love yourself a lot you love myself
either you look at yourself with this
chick stout yo you're gonna fall uniform
you're gonna fall you're gonna fall
beautiful you're gonna fall up you get I
just told you're gonna fall you're still
doing it even was they go on a blind
date you're gonna go on a blind date
open this up open it up I'm about to
take you on a blind date
open up breem is gonna break her fast
right now so it's been a couple hours
it's been a half a day for her she's
gonna go on a blind date right now
eat it hum hum hum come on go on a blind
date huh huh break your fast me I'm
letting you break your fast early today
come on hum you don't want it alrighty
then you're gonna see fasting with me
hum come on go blind date what did you
want to eat it Rima knows she's like now
I have to break my fast when it's the
real time alright come on break your
fast go hum so why are you licking and
put it back in you always do that she
even does that with chips
so I'm liking guys hi guys doing or guys
doing good time - okay you guys might be
thinking right now why am I wearing this
but I'm not wearing it just to get
religious stir and I'm not but somebody
actually sent me this and I just want to
give a huge shout out to Nasreen from
Texas ants as a gift for me to use this
Afghan kameez for your videos thank you
thank you so much on screen and I love
this Afghan kameez
you guys have some nice style and looks
pretty good I'll use it whenever for
some videos and I'm using for the vlog
right now and I'll be going to the
mosque with it whenever I go the one
next Mouse you guys will get to this get
to see the mosque that I always go to
and yeah thank you so much once again
we're in Austrian I don't know what's
this what's this supposed to be like a
pants because it doesn't fit me I don't
know what good morning
- oh look my needing man stuff this has
got to be the cutest thing ever
Tomiko beer and re could be on the queue
and here's my Munna crap are you doing
who's this girl right what's his ago ah
here
oh here's on let's go that's where
you're fasting he's not fasting no you
know fasting you know you ate in the
morning not in like morning's anytime
did did you inner city oh did you in the
morning did you breakfast yeah so
dinosaur you ate breakfast how are you
fasting via breakfast yeah what do you
say we do do a fastening it was fasting
and then you don't eat the rest of the
day what do you know not you when do we
eat
what's the time called I know when do we
break our fast
I think say something all you see you
even got someone on gee why are you
laughing - right now it's 826 so it's
doing
so and one's played set up right there's
a I don't know what these are oh is this
always arguing what is it look like fun
alright so I'm helping my mom makes
himself if button you guys are not ready
boom ah cooking and this is the thing
you how you make I'm gonna teach you
guys how to make it right now
alright so you got this look at this
list clue it I'm like chef Adam over
here alright look so nice right so put
it here like this right and you fold it
into thirds so this is you put it into
one thirds of it I this is like this you
get it that's one thirds all right gotta
make it neat gotta make sure it's neat
because or else is not going to be
cooked right alright so it goes like
this after that you can put some of this
it's beef with potatoes and some other
delicious stuff so this is the solution
but oh man I don't have a spoon but my
eyes are clean I wash my hands from
doing this soap you put some here and
put some air up so low you put some here
right there you got to put a good amount
like this good after that you make it
into a triangular like a triangle like
this and then you push it in so nothing
will come up do another triangle then
you push it in some more or you leave
some space this time look you see this
you leave some space so you could push
it in and then so you can so won't come
out whenever you cook it so see you keV
Adam just listen to chef Adam then you
like this you fold it elevate fold it
again there's a lot of ways to do it so
this is my way to do it if you guys have
another way then it goes like this
and there's something that's like sticky
I think I don't know what's called you
go like this then bang then bang right
there
delicious gets
crunchy and get so tasty then you just
eat it and just oh my goodness you put
it right there and I'll be making hmm
250 then I'm just joking but yeah you
can sometimes up I put cheese in them
sometimes I put eggs in them sometimes I
put cream cheese in them I want to make
I always make them not like my own type
of sambusas and stuff like that so if
you guys want to make some this what you
do get some pastries then you make these
I'm telling you it tastes so good and
especially the ones with cheese they
taste so good if you like cheese you'll
love it they're all with eggs and cheese
oh my goodness I'm telemarking and this
is how you cook it you just put it with
oil this is the one with cheese and Lily
and you go tap up there I did it wrong
you hadn't put the one with cheese
separately the ones with chicken a
separate layer and after they've done
making the sample set this is how it
comes out this is the one with cheese
this one with cheese because it comes
out there's a little supper cheese which
is french cheese this one with beef and
Rima has it taste so you might like it
and that's how you make some Moussa you
like urema Rima your fat butt is eating
and messing up my whole room go get the
vacuum now go go you eating like a
monster are we got 15 minutes left of
thought and we're still getting the
stuff ready and yeah I got the some
books out of cheese the cheese of the
best ones also made them and I got some
Pringles because I hate the other chips
it's just full of air the other chips
and I got some more cake this is called
Malaga this is called closed F we got a
bunch of dates over here we're all gonna
have some dates and we're gonna get some
more stuff ready and oh and this is
called chef food brush and this is
called CELTA this is the queen of Yemen
I see this king of Yemen and such as
queen of Yemen you could eat it with the
Cubs and the Malou go right there
oatmeal son and I put like a lot of
sugar mommy'll cuz I like it sweet and
hot hot and sweet alright guys I'm ready
to eat I'm already dog this I'll see you
guys after I'll see you later hey
meeting behind me time if you found this
three minutes come on three minutes left
oh just two minutes left so far three
more any more minutes come on I'm
counting down don't you want to eat I
didn't want to eat
alright whatever I'm gonna go eat
putting a black steward litter
oh he got it you got it dirty unclean
they do it a dog he touches he cuts up
he typed something alright guys so it's
time to wrap up this flag I hope you
guys enjoyed the second day of Ramadan
and I hope you guys hope your fasting is
going well yeah I have another question
for you guys and the question is do you
guys lose weight during Ramadan or do
you guys gain weight during them because
usually I lose weight then I gain it
back after I'm gone but some of my
brother he gains weight for some reason
mother brother he loses weight I wonder
which with you guys you guys gain weight
during a lot or do you guys lose weight
and leave it in the comments below make
sure you give this video a thumbs up if
you're enjoying these Ramadan blogs then
you guys so much for coming in here
we'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and have a great day have a
great night we'll see you tomorrow bye
bye peace
you
