hey guys what's up and welcome to our
first day of Ramadan of our daily si
Ramadan blogs what's up I just woke up
about a couple hours ago and fasting I
still feel alright I don't feel that
hungry or anything but before we get
started I just want to tell you guys
what is Ramadan because maybe some
people who are what Muslims are watching
this and saying you know like do you
guys just not eat for a whole thirty
days and just get hungry and thirsty no
the purpose of Ramadan is to is to UM to
stay away from una' Slavic things like
cursing mah backbiting gossiping
blurting um um a lot more things you
know just and we get to eat yes we do
get to eat we actually eat we just don't
fast I mean we just don't eat during
when the Sun rises then when the Sun
sets then we can eat
so if you guys want to fast go ahead and
fast is healthy it's fun it's exciting
you can show us you can show us this is
what I freakin hate when little kids eat
in front of you and you're fasting and
you're trying to not look at food if
she's eating some frickin cute animal
crackers let me make you fast
you're not eating this you're not eating
this you're gonna pass - you're gonna
fast - alright you putting on some
pounds and you need to lose some weight
okay no food for you alright a half a
day there's weight when we have about we
only have seven hours up homie alright
then don't eat in front of me no you
brought you Brooke you're fast I got you
didn't eat don't eat me my you're
fasting
don't eat yo somebody make a bean with
that face somebody make me
alright like oh why did somebody making
me with this face you guys have to make
know we've all don't eat no she likes it
on a screamer somebody making me with
that face over even funny Ramadan me
right so tweet it to me
the meme that she just made like
sneaking and eating her could we must
stop your fasting if I'm fasting you're
fasting too and you need to fast anyways
because you need you've been putting on
a lot of power stop your remo you're
gonna break your fast illness you lick
them put it back in
you just licked it and put it back in
your nest all right that's it we'll save
her flat please
we'll save it cuz I want some too I want
something we wanted to broke you fast
you broke it fast Reema
we need to broke your fast yes you did
yes you did you just broke your fast say
sorry yes you did yes you did yes you
did
now you gotta make it up and after I'm
gone you're gonna make it up you're
gonna fast for another day first year
home nah I'm right on the left
I'm license we go okay look at that
I move he ejected but nobody doesn't
like you get up
assume you eat no I'm not add it to this
early in the morning did you hang on
yeah
would you would you eat as usual nothing
and wake up boy it's a relief you wish
you got afraid what taking a no Peter
get giving you this is MTV Cribs you can
you're no peace
what you're doing what are we waiting
for
you ready
hey just one good yeah I'm getting
forward back huh
you're gonna go except you later I guess
yeah he's ready spray okay that's my dad
say he's staying in the kitchen and
profit of it well yeah
did you pray mm-hmm okay you're going to
pray
good that's all right it's the last time
so this is master hood it's not so
special it's the pastrami sound which is
a hell out pastrami sandwich on a hero
and I got cereal Apple Jacks I got three
musketeers
don't you guys know gelatin no gelatin
you guys I'm and I'm I have Nutella
because I dipped the three musketeers
into the Nutella don't eat this I
recommend you guys not to eat snacks
before you burn sir hold for you sleep
because it's not healthy but you know
I'm like chocolate so much so I don't
care and it fills me up so yeah in this
water I'm probably gonna finish this
whole thing because I hate being so
thirsty throughout the whole day and I
can't forget my peach I love peaches so
much Oh glad don't finish it though
please I want some look she's gonna make
me ask you Mary she likes it stop why
are you licking it put it back in huh
you make us give them a kiss
give them a Ramadan kiss huh all right
see thank you say bye bye I love you
make them mad make the people watching
this mad Reema like faz and hear you
kill me yeah
sorry oh nasty what are you doing Remo
click you got a clean chair get up get
get them oh yeah get up get up my room
we just you messing up my whole room
nasi yeah yes alright it's 10 minutes
till 5 time and this is how we Yemenis
eat we on the floor because it's more
comfortable screw the table that's for
white people man but yeah we got some
boots over here this one with cheese
hello made this one with chicken flies
one you guys are fastened and watching
this right now I'm so sorry but few guys
want some here you guys can have some
you got cookies over here for me is
chocolate cookies I don't like the jelly
moves like chocolate you got all little
Debbie's not my wife right there
you got this it's called facade it's um
anything and we got coffee over here 8
minutes to go
this is a seat this is the king of Yemen
right big window huh that'll be nice on
that this is king of Yemen right now
it's about two minutes left and my dad
is like ready to eat yo yeah hell yeah
if that edited diggin a tank is ready
this is working guys already huh this is
woke over and out oh my gosh
I know videos up is called say bismillah
and if you guys won't check it out the
link is below and I'm actually following
people right now comment their Twitter
below and yeah I wish I had four hands
out so I could just follow and just as
much people as I can but I've been
following and deeming people as much as
I can so thank you guys so much look
more it is more right now that's it for
two and welcome to LA yeah so I've been
following David people as much as I can
thank you guys so much all the support
on the new video and I hope you guys are
enjoying these blocks too
alright guys so it's time to wrap up
this flag hope you guys enjoyed our
first day about Ramadan
Tildy blogs and yeah make sure you guys
give this video thumbs up because I want
you guys whoever come here
hope it comes here and watches our vlogs
every day to give it a thumbs up it'll
make us do more and more vlogs and make
it even better and be happier so thank
you guys so much for coming through and
enjoying our blocks and yeah I have a
question for you guys but and leave it
in the comments below
from what where you guys from and from
what time do you have to fast and what
time do you break your fast because I
know some places is earlier and I know
some places are like really really later
in New York for me it's around 8:30 ish
and I know some other places around like
9:00 so leave a comment below where
you're from and what time do you break
your fast because I'm just curious from
where of all around the world are you
guys from and what time you guys break
your fast so we'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and yeah have a great day
great night great after Ramallah take it
you
