as for today we're gonna go and get a
new family member to the AAAS a family
member he's gonna be our sheet he or she
we're gonna go get a hamster I don't
know it's gonna be a boy or a girl you
know we're gonna look at a hamster
because I got no friends and yeah and we
have been Mia we're gonna go get it
right now in three months we're gonna
see how Rima deals with the hamster I'm
gonna see how hila deal with the hamster
- I'm kind of even though I even though
I like hamsters I'm scared of them but
we're gonna go get them right now come
on get dressed I know rest in peace
chop-chop that was my old hamster
I had him about five years ago we're
about to go get a new hamster to see
what's up let's go let's go come on
Garrity come on let's go let's go
and then he's gonna be a part of our
daily drama on blogs so it's gonna be
poppin my parents don't even know we're
gonna go get the hamster so let's see
what goes on we're gonna have a new
family member in three two one
three kisses from Rima whenever you take
her another kiss every time I walk
through here this is the scary part for
us cuz there's a big dog right there
don't let it go don't anger that I'm at
the door waiting that one protects it
it protects his whole block that looks
so scared those creepies Hayley don't
mess with it
I'll kill you telling you chill out stop
just looking he's he's looking stuff see
that right there
Hey look she's doing what did he do I
stopped doing that to the dog he's gonna
take okay so we're at the pet store
right now
it's the fishes fishes huh
these are the fishes out here we're
about to go to the hamsters yeah choose
the hamster meet my truth handsome you
like these bunnies he got bunnies here
oh I want to get up money
that's too big mom Louie on you forget a
bunny it's a guinea pig
oh he's scared of you can't be scared
they all look lazy I don't like these
these are all easy bugs this one no I
don't like these these look like rats
oh they got snakes over here huh too bad
I can't see them those of birds rooms
belongs in there so we're gonna get the
smallest one in there 22 right now
all right cool yes our hamster is here
July 4th we missed the firecrackers by
like 30 minutes this to a kingly luckily
those are you know who's leading it
relate no their devious tram supposed to
watch the fireworks go off but you
couldn't mean it was wrong but she and
Sadie's pack right now it's like
everybody's on if I'm looking at a
stable talk to a camera but still let's
go I did get over bones but not for this
so where I jump the juice right now and
when Nancy windiest I said no when you
already something better you got to tell
them your name he's headed he said his
name's Justin Bieber so now in a way
movie see they're gonna call up Justin
Bieber
how many people are here places packed
ready doesn't mean
we're trying to pull
it's about a new car and it's nothing is
just you know something simple you know
just something you know yeah okay huh
going going go in the front grille take
a bitch inside this car is dope man look
at this
yeah let me put the camera see we just
got back and we're about to put our
hamster in the cage and look I don't
know the guy told us the reason why we
got this hamster because he said this is
the friendliest one we were trying to
get another one that Lily it looked like
a teddy bear and was brown and stuff but
he said that one bites a lot so this one
is so cute
but we got hopefully this doesn't bite
us like this I'll be pissed off man and
we finally got I know homie homies home
done daddy really liked it room is
excited she likes it lucky and then you
gotta be friendly to him okay I like him
more than you now Oh joking yeah he's a
little cute much you guys can't see your
sexy Facebook
yeah leave in the comments below what
I'm trying to what do you what what what
do you think a Lima Shh she keeps
thinking like it's a monster or
something and say leave in the comments
below what you guys want us to name him
I was thinking about naming him
chocolate cuz he looks like a sexy piece
of chocolate or a Kanye jay-z or
Southwest you leave in the comments
below you may give me a kiss we might
give them a kiss
hey Gary kiss did it happen no not me
give him a kiss come on chocolate here
Waymon loves him
Sehun every other like oh my homies
playing hey swag look at the sexy piece
of chocolate really like him hey put
your hand in she's scared buddy hit your
hand in there oh look what facetiming
with homeboy right here see what's up
your mouth
we FaceTime with them so you can see the
Hampstead alright guys time to wrap up
this vlog all right so we got some
announcements to tell you guys and we
have some good news and we got some bad
news
so wait what's the vendor's that's some
bad I haven't told you the bad news yet
so we're gonna tell the good news first
since you know what let's go no the good
news is Ramadan is coming up so every
Wednesdays we're gonna have a new
segment called it's called a si log on
Wednesdays so new video on a main
channel everyone's days during Ramadan
and as you guys already know we're gonna
have daily vlogs Oh as you guys know
and as you guys know we're gonna have
daily vlogs during Ramadan so you have a
cig daily vlogs during online and you
have a new segment every Wednesdays si
Ramadan many days his mom's calling him
alright so yeah guys um yo sweat so I
don't like summertime you know when you
miss you Oh fight when you never see you
back son so yeah
so remember daily flags don't online and
every single day every single day and
I'm here another house from the thing is
among the vlogs won't be 13 to 14
minutes long as our weekly vlogs they're
gonna be about 16 minutes long because
it's daily but it will be it will still
be an awesome name and standing in your
body how our own Don is we'll try our
best to make it as much entertaining and
some people are saying um not not to do
it because we need to focus on on the
line but the vlogs are gonna be focused
on Oman and it's gonna help us go make
the day pass by and it's gonna help you
guys make the day pass by so yeah
a CA daily vlogs and a stay around on
Wednesdays
hope you guys tune in and this women on
is gonna be awesome on with on and let
me realize so much matters
the bad news is I'm not gonna tell you
what is it hi the bad news is I try to
go cookies earlier and they're gonna
have chocolate chip cookies only had
oatmeal raisin so wow man wow I was
waiting for that bad news and this the
news yeah we'll see you guys someone
that starts with daily vlogs and we'll
see that the ACA Ramadan Wednesdays the
NBL we hope you guys have a great Iran
not a good experience and if you guys
people who are Muslim you can still
watch it it'll be an amazing experience
for you guys you guys can find you guys
to see how our own downs are thank you
so much have a great day we will see you
guys this Ramadan take
you
I
