hi guys so right now we're about to open
some few bucks that we received open
some stuff from Rhonda oh yeah yeah they
got so much who do bring that stuff and
yeah this is like amazing it's like like
it's an easy gift since I write this and
we always know reading and check out
your stuff right now but ya know let's
start with though there's always this
one okay all right this person who sent
us three different letters this is for
item oh it's not Billa where's the third
one
I'm done on here but we will give it to
him because it and eight right here
shake you doing before time okay this is
from Simran Simran from West London
shout out to some rock from West London
thank you so much this is amazing and
you're we almost up way guess what what
guess I don't know if they why'd you do
this in Ron why would you do this
look oh my god it's like 80 bracelets a
little lips gum British candy is gum
higher I got another good one let me see
the difference in it tastes better than
American gum it's really good thank you
so much for this and we'll choose out
each other lip - which one do you want
and yeah there's another I said oh it's
like so many letters who's it from
Zehra Zehra Zehra Ali this is from
Zarate thank you so much and I love this
it's like I remember like doing I
suppose I have this kind of
turn around like that all the letters
that we get we always do always read it
so we just want to read it in so long
and it's gonna be like a freaking 30
minute video with that thank you so much
and I will follow you on Instagram and
Twitter on IQ and hooks thank you so
much now for the birthday card Idina my
new niece I'm gonna give it to her her
parents are gonna be so happy and once a
5-time does a person with James's Roewe
it's Ordinary week and every day that
person learned a little more and grew a
little one he had town hyah wah I think
this is cool thank you so much Andre
this is amazing in - Anjali thank you
guys so much
stop one that's good ah oh yes
well we'll love you all you guys do
truly amazing to us let s see the
bestest bestest you know you're the
bestest this is a YouTube channel we've
said we've seen every video more than a
hundred times they never get old every
time you watch them they always make our
D so excited oh it's hot like you played
up here
yeah and share yeah
oh this is so cool look at this that's
so cool
this is not delicious and Adam has
Britney keep on it watch it watch it
over here ha ha ha
that's the coolest card I've ever done I
think you got so much for everything
actually you know Carrie I'm not so much
oh wait I think you got some what time's
the next letter is name to Nationals
from Germany
Jeremy hello German liebe dich Steven
dich oh it's a picture who is this or an
atom have bridges every day I love you
see with these big kisses from Frankfurt
Germany kiddo salut Thank You Kimbra
does this Kippur I khitruk that's me
sure like I'm gonna hang you up in my
room okay we'll see mom's time units are
spreading rumors like who is that who is
that me not sure what all that tablet
says thank you so much for the birthday
card again and wow this is
yeah going we wouldn't come any birthday
comes over just like changing my name
and I would give it to you really all
right happy birthday I'm gonna start off
by saying I'm gonna do be from London we
shared the same birthday
I really put the happy burger was your
name jasmine Muhammad has no happy
birthday shot sir Muhammad we have the
same birthday and I was following on
Twitter all right anything
you're an amazing inspiration and I love
you man favorite desi oh he's my
favorite AC to a seriously other side
I'm little if you're watching this I'm
sorry but Sheikh he's my favorite AC
thank you guys so much for all the stuff
you guys sent to us and I'm make sure he
I sent a pedo box you're right
Adam salat or shake up but right either
both of our names you can write Abdul
Azim because his name is not signed into
the peel box so make sure you write then
a because we always got in trouble for
the people box if you're gonna spend it
just put an egg Eve it out of solid
shake up hope is something also a good
actually comes our pure books one of our
names because somebody's sex sense it
with no name and Lydia was like why is
there no name or you stealing somebody
stuff I'm like miss I have a youtube
channel with me shit like wedding my
other friend that's in that that she was
like no you have to come bring them and
miss relax we just make sure you guys
write names to go through all that
trouble and solid or shake hug but so
thank you guys so much
