who's that
spongebob laughs you know Patrick who's
Patrick you like sponge Robert Patrick
read my nose had a whip her hair another
song is kind of old but she knows how to
repair you need stop focusing 1 2 3 mice
are 2 3 hey hey get a ream oh come on
a face like that huh
what the hell you doing hey right now at
the Arab American Association waiting
because the arena outside is even rating
like this whole week and it's almost
summer time there's so many like gosh it
calls up with this over here with shake
whenever associations something really
creams over there in their own zone
without slim-fitting slim pays over what
you really eats them but was he really
never sometimes naman Oh slain man on
and with Matt right there let me see it
bye Oh
free Palestine buy ticket off or for the
show right yeah that when one is it tell
them June twenty-fifth day sure they all
should nobody hit rock doing 25th and
it's gonna be crazy I'm telling you guys
gonna come we're gonna pop bottles of
water doesn't Macaulay yeah it looks
cooler what's he say yeah no I got Miami
to a limo got in we're gonna uh every
time you got a copy I am everybody and
that good your Adam regalia hey bun I
can write I can write bangali
oh no my god I'm saying right Bengali
Bengali I bet dad right there looks all
themself in their mind Arabic I don't
want to connect to let it that's the
thing but some letters they connect like
that but hey honey I want to I want to
invite you to the Arab Megan got sound
Schumann's huh just come is just 25
bucks
Oh huh it's gonna be fun I'm gonna be
there no huh no why no it's gonna be
nice you should come
you'd have to be are though you can be
NZ to be Chinese Mexican anything no oh
man I mean do you want to go of course
all right cool
excuse me miss you want to go to the
arab-american Got Talent huh you want to
go to the arab-americans Got Talent is a
short undo 25th and I want you to
compound
yeah you are we hope you have to be out
of you you could be anywhere you can
never when you are away from TV oh Syria
nice you will come okay thank you so
much hang it hug alright thank you so
much have a good thing take in this do
you want to go come on man
okay sorry miss Jimin handed on do you
guys want to go there's a show called
the Arab Americans Got Talent you guys
want to go we blew our America's Got
Talent
you could tell your kids to come it's
nice tonight so we're gonna be there's
comedy then your food their cookies more
cookies chocolate chip cookies oatmeal
cookies wait away from room bless pinion
I love you too
do you want to go to the arab-american
talent show cinema it's gonna be water
they greet you may not think what let's
do it without you yeah you can be Greek
and golden that's where you can be Greek
and go I know green stay there nice
you're gonna bring a kid remember I'm
gonna give it to my shadow this happen
yeah oh yeah perfect
we're eating at the restaurant called
Yemen restaurant where's it located up
near beer job yep and sink the soup is
thebomb.com I'm telling you how is it
slim it was Matt Goodman that's how you
like it it's like a party in my mouth
I know yeah it's right there the menus
in Arabic and English so you guys want
to come through come to random Yemeni
restaurant yeah this guy's hooking us up
sugar and checking anything ever and
he's bengali but we're hooking up with
some yummy food today
ready oh are you liking us no matter we
have a personal baggage I got a present
for you since your birthday was last
week on June 2nd so I got this for you
Ellen hello wait we're back I'm hoping
for you one time what do you think is it
what do you think it is and I found duh
iPhone what fine s iPhone 4s so I got
Hamza a nice iPhone 4s inhale I'm sorry
I didn't get you nothing about give you
where's your budget sit down quickly
move back sit that quickly come open
your iPhone for us open it slowly come
on sit what the hell is that open up
check it yeah open the eye for us just a
dead what the figure Oh
this is your present thank you could've
made me prick hey Frank it's a dead
finger I sort of this ain't your print I
chopped I'll chop do something hey man
aim it all to the bottom Oh snot I
chopped the finger off then than I gave
it to you see like the thumb still
moving yeah I'm seven years old not
scared of seven years old yes yeah like
you gift da I hear you get it no no you
already gave me the duck for this
chicken you gave me
dollars song alright slow and candy why
she copies you guys for everything she
does look at I stop right there move
back what he's doing
see they both happy what's on your hand
what do you guys think it is
it's like a sneak it's a pencil your
dummy a pencil yes thank you smarter
Jeff seid the big pencil what the heck
where you got it from my school let me
see does it can you still sharpen it
yes with the help with it are you
serious oh oh I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
the backs I was gonna give it to you do
you really get it
why would I lose it so you got the sink
okay jump up with it sit down it out
what's up so right now we're still
filming
when this set of our new video and we're
gonna be coming out about next week no
Wednesday's gonna be out this Wednesday
at what time going to be at 6:30 New
York City time and we've been on Easter
Central Time Eastern Central invokes on
okay it's cold yes yes time but we have
been filming the video for so long and
we hope to stand the weather outside was
doing everything so Sandrine they got is
like beautiful right now we're on the
Severn either so wearing all this but
hopefully you guys enjoy this video make
sure you go give it a thumbs up share it
go Turkey on it go Turkey on here and
and it'll be a good laugh I promise you
guys so this Wednesday at 6:30
New York City Times stay tuned stay
tuned don't you just stop playing no
funny I know you know hi my wife
you know what what if I want right so
who do you love more me or him Tommy no
come on you know come on what do you
love more come on do you think I'm gonna
be mad and start crying you know I give
you candy
I give me so much I'm your brother good
oh I'll see you
further anything give me a hug gone
come on go come on come on bring it up
hi no go on put wizzy huh hurry mom
two's one right now five seconds four or
three notches on brother I see two one
alright so sleepy
listen the housing do it all right
the reason why we're making this video
because in a few days there's this event
called the Arab Americans Got Talent
part two and we want you guys to come
through and because me and creamy 20
from are we famous now we're going to be
hosting the show and featuring the
narcissist who's gonna be performing and
there's going to be nine amazing
performances and lastly grand prize
winner omnia who's gonna also be
presenting yeah yeah the show they be
competing for a prize and what all you
guys to come and watch and just have fun
and have an amazing suppose to be 19 no
no you can go just go just continue okay
I so that just let me go but I just okay
no let me go I love you serious time ago
moon all right
this gave me three three judges and I
don't know who the two are but one of
them is gonna be out but he's gonna
be one of the judges so me and him are
going to be there and we want you guys
to come the link is below and get your
tickets now and one also come through a
preview reminder the show isn't only for
hours it's for this is white Aires
Chinese black blue red anything anybody
can go African from European any own
melody it's our newest Tinian um
Somalian Waku Jetta hey anything bad huh
and it's going to be in New York City so
if anyone's around New York New Jersey
there I want you all to come tri-state
area Connecticut or yeah so we just yeah
we're just making this video so you guys
to come through and half-phantom
and why is just 20 it's $20 $25 per
ticket yeah at the doors give me $40 so
better to get your tickets now and watch
us to make a fool out of myself
carry me oh that's a caramel weight of
you guys still enjoy this video but
thank you guys for watching things got
so much for all the love and support
hope you guys can make it who are around
the New York area and wherever you can
thank you for showing this portion yeah
for more
they do not so much for that and yeah
we're gonna be out have a great day and
all right guys so it's time to wrap up
this flag I know this vlog wasn't we
didn't vlog as much outside and stuff
like that because it's been raining
almost this whole week and we've been
filming a lot for our new video but this
Wednesday we will make it up for you
guys
Wednesday at 6:30 p.m. our new video and
make sure you guys go watch it and you
guys will have a good laugh hopefully
and yeah make sure you guys give this
video a thumbs up and have a great day
are a great knife thank you guys so much
for all the love and support we'll see
you guys this Wednesday on our main
channel so take care and good bye I mean
later Wednesday this one's all right
take care guys
going on me the stage I don't know oh my
god oh I want to play again
