hey guys what's up
not getting sick of this coffin but
heading to cream cells right now kind of
late I got to meet up a shaken cream
right now suppose cream is recording his
new music video parody music video and
he wants us to be in it so it should go
cool it's called what does the Fox say
but it's like an hour version of it's
hilarious I heard already
you guys have iced caramel at ease like
in your country other than other than
America I guess I don't know good
finally got the cream scared then right
now about to get ready to start the
music video shoot so he has done one so
long so it's his new parody so which you
want us to be and his voice match alert
sounds sounds really good in a parody so
he he he oops on other singers man don't
soon he's not like that he sounds like
named Alec mixed with Justin Bieber
mixed with she ugh but those crazy sir
shake my that's that's my like yo that's
what I wanna put on the song a little
bit so they get here
and then she hits me hi Sameer he
mashallah has one of the best camera
work what's your Facebook page do the
young so great to meet all you tog Rafi
what is it
meet Molly photography nice oh that's
gonna be in the link below so make sure
you guys go all go turkey and like it so
yeah he's Cruz brother he's more
talented in the cream and I'm doing it
you guys equally talented I so right now
we're at the shoot and everybody say
what's up what's up thank you for
letting us hold this so subjective or
you're a real cop Oh scared me my acaba
so what is it is just a jacket I have a
sweater like I just have a shirt I sent
it
what did Dora the explora something like
I like helping people
oh nice that's good you gonna help me I
need to use a bathroom you lose courage
the character look at the Carolee dog
they got O'Brien didn't he die yeah yeah
they really made him die like they beat
him dying to show what kind of fell in
your turtles cheek that looks like you
live it coming are you doing look at the
Instagram pictures no liking everybody's
pictures excited
it's a rat when is it gonna be released
lemon jelly should be released as soon
as I'm done with it cuz I know these
guys would they go a long time back
probably Wednesday earlier thinking
about shaming a lot of people I'm
assuming this and shave my head oh my
god hostage stop they made a nice cameo
but next time we're gonna have an
original everyone
best part of the day is food from the
mother of cream she is she's probably
mousse I say this every time we count
this house but she is the sweetest young
lady in the world and much love too so
yeah thank you
you got so far there's no keys that
turkey that's chicken chicken oh I was
gonna say yeah I was gonna say go Turkey
but you guys could go chicken huh so
yeah true our food here ready to dog
this and I think this is sivaiah but he
called it a jiff just called something
else do you guys know what's it called
leave it in the comments below because
you delete different app countries they
call it different stuff I didn't know
what this is but it looks crazy good and
I'm about to dog it right now so ready
Kevin Hart food Rima got a big big gift
all the way from France so shout out to
Francois she's trying to open a gift and
it's really big gift it says hello Adam
my sister and I set a little present for
the beautiful princess Rima we live in
France we have watched all your videos
the first video we watched was the first
Ramadan and it was interesting to know
how people celebrate I'm going on other
countries and their names are will some
and and Sephora and hope to see you soon
shall lunch although we hope to see you
soon and thank you so much from France
to Sephora and well some am i seeing all
right so we must kind of sick right now
that so she hasn't been in vlogs she got
sick again
so what that has been horrible and she's
opening the gift right now this is
amazing thank you so much you guys are
seriously crazy like yeah Rima has been
getting a lot of them she's been she's
been meeting a lot of fans she went to
the doctor um had a doctor's appointment
the other day like two days ago
anybody doing okay shadow doctors
informed me the other day look here look
here
Rima look she had a doctor's appointment
of the day and I'm on and like Lisa a
lot of fans spotted Rima and the others
take pictures of Remo is funny because I
groomers always two years old and they
were all taking pictures of her
like that's funny yeah but we must stick
again man hey when she's sick as I said
she lost her voice now she has a cough
Wow you like it as a hat the headband
look wow this is stockings a dress
this is so cute this is adorable that
looks just like you you're gonna owe you
in a way this knocking you down and this
is a Louie you like it oh I guess she
wants to wear right now she must like a
like a shopping lady she loves clothes
and makeup and all this stuff oh wow
it's a beautiful jacket look this is
crazy gorgeous you guys didn't have to
in like oh my god this is like one a
really expensive coat what the heck
thank you so much to Sephora and I'm
will some you guys are amazing say thank
you say you are amazing ah may same vein
my good mickus say I love you when I'm
at so every would say I love you Adam
she knows how to say I love you Adam
without me telling you like it I have no
clue what she's saying what are you
saying
can you speak English please hi guys so
it's time to wrap up this vlog hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog make sure you
guys go check out Kareem's brothers amir
might well ease facebook fanpage for his
photography show a lot of love to him
because he's a really really sweet guy
so the exciting news i know you all have
been waiting but thing is we can't say
yet we are because since it's so much
and so much to say for and is just like
a lot of it's a lot to say so we're
gonna make it into a video and it's
gonna be up real real soon once we know
when we can once we're allowed to say
and everything so you guys are gonna be
so excited for this and it's something
really really cool and it's just I don't
know I want to say it already gosh
what is it but but I don't know a well I
will say this when I promise
real soon we're gonna say it when put
into a whole video and I love with all
your dad's and everything everything
should go great and yeah make sure you
guys go turkey with a thumbs up we
appreciate all you guys who always go
turkey with two thumbs up and show a lot
of love so thank you guys so much and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
peace
