hey guys just chillin here Barack and
Kobe you guys what like One Direction
just your mmm rapping no I like a like
so we're here once again more Regan the
one and only children and ready to do
this oh I thought it was picture when I
was you know what I'm saying
be on the lookout cuz we come in and get
you okay man - by the way this is a good
way I mean got you because we love you I
love you correct
turn on the lights he's gonna see Jessie
Bengali
tell her say a living I mean I mean that
music crazy he's gonna say you setting
me up me I mean to market bali-ba she
you said we could see your tension
Judy just sent me I know right man
action y'all look at these beautiful
cameras
yeah because to story is no real show is
here cuz we right here with the owner we
good show with the pilot episode pilot
episode is ready and you guys got to be
like on this trailer let them know about
the trailer that you watched it it was
crazy to be inside yes tell them they
need to just jump it and we go with the
lace the lace is like bikes yeah okay
okay just make the shell let me see you
know say yeah of course you're gonna say
they love you they love you all
they watch the vlog today like they said
they said you fell from heaven much like
it did myself that would be Adam yeah
we're getting started these chairs
we started when I balanced are you gonna
be while I'm I'm crying and never what I
haven't let this doom your company
meeting much entertainment keep me
humble satisfied because I know you will
be me slim is here and yeah what we
always shows mad love so you guys make
sure I go to the channel subscribed and
they have you guys have they have some
efficacious Sunday so every set of the
upload vlog so if you guys wanna check
that out there black channel on the main
channel behind we're back like behind
the scenes just helping out pick them
stuff because they got to take all the
equipment all this up to trunk stapler
is that what's that I said let me aim
him I used a good I got a one-shot watch
this oh I got to watch that I'm nice oh
man I'll just against the wall but
genius all using a saw oh shoot you buy
how should you
give me a shot I'm such an idiot what
kind of gun made gives the guy shake put
your honey back
but genius mind you but he's a joke put
Jane Fonda back putting for putting this
all put get our knees get on your knees
I'm still shoot you going get on your
knees I will shoot you I was used to
what is that it's nothing I'm seriously
gonna shoot I swear look see madam
no go touching you leave me hanging
you know you leave me hanging come on
Muhammad come on Muhammad he seemed
shaken out of tea madam madam our music
is a song like a mother okay we're in a
really cool truck right now because we
decided we wanted to help them out with
the stage then the stuff that they had
him yeah but amazingly a really fun day
and it was great just chill here and
smells of fresh air and I never been to
a truck like this so it's cool and huge
shout-out to Momo Regan amazing rock
solo Regan show was the ball crazy was
crazy the barman Oh calm oh goodness
what that was really fun come back when
you got and income for those who made it
already no it was great
so you shout out to Adam and no you tell
it to you guys oh yeah you shout out to
Barack and moratte mo Regan
the producers amplitude without my truth
painful truth productions yes we're here
in the truck live with buses near us and
it's cool to be here laughter equipment
light equipment it's fun though so it's
like a workout we got a workout today
Jake yeah
Oh Jake is a shake is a truck driver now
oh the beat
he's the line shakes then I'm like over
you can't only to be beside you like
them up you know you guys are such kids
seriously I mean kids sistine kids Suzy
you guys got a three-way yg Tuggy
you guys are little kids each other
chill up how far did you go papi please
come out yeah I can he has taught the
doctor walkie-talkie
I don't know we're all about peace and
love it it's all about every truth
productions oh oh oh oh I can keep
rapping keep keep keep clapping I said
we were walking home mean it's live
we're going to the traces we wanted a
chain and I don't know where homie
what's your name I asked I asked I've no
I just pulled over as a joke okay can I
get a picture then he wasn't coming to
drop you off where I want to go so I'm
delighted got us and he's gonna drop us
off to the train station so thank you so
much
he saved us from a long walk so thank
you yes thank you
means a lot hey rumored things has
really Selena Gomez like it's a real
person so she's sitting there just
staring at it and trying to talk to it
hi Selena Selena say hi Selena hey my
name is Selena he was drinking on with a
bottle today just cuz she's sick
seesaw Selena Deena is that Deena I
named Selena oh girl oh baby she's gonna
cry she's gonna cry she's gonna sit here
give Selena kiss you heard her why did
you hit her are you my your hurt her go
get ready kiss huh
you heard Selena what are you doing yo
hey yo yeah hi guys so it's time to wrap
up this flag hope you guys enjoy this
flag and I hope you guys go turkey on
thumbs up because if you guys go don't
go Turkey I don't know just go tell you
yeah well yeah today was an amazing day
we finished filming with the Omer Eagan
show and everything went well
alhamdulillah and I wanted to give a
huge shout out to Omer Egan once again
this guy he's one of the most humble
comedians out there and he's just he's
not just a comedian he's like a shift
he's a reflection of shit and um and a
huge shout-out to the producers of the
omarina show and amply truth productions
Seurat and Barak Bashir you guys are
amazing and your father I mu is really
awesome I love you and your other
brothers awesome and yeah we have some
really amazing amazing news to tell you
guys soon and we can't say yet but
inshallah we'll be saying well we'll be
telling you guys in the future and you
guys are gonna love it so and shall let
you guys can love it and you guys are
gonna be excited cuz we already are
excited and we're looking so much
forward like to it and I didn't know
what say like this but we'll let you
guys will just be patient and cuz I like
me shake we're not the type to like it's
like I don't know to show off and say
what it is already and just brag about
or anything we like to you know be calm
and let it happen let the actions speak
for you so yeah see you guys tomorrow
stay up be safe and some like up and
have safe peaceful day
