hey guys what's up right now we're
behind the where we are in the meeting
room in the meeting room with the Omer
Regan show and he is here with Malik
hasn't so say what's up guys nomadic is
there what's up okay
he's a nice guy he's chillin eating
grapes right now so now we're gonna chew
we're gonna be on the over vegan show
we're gonna be on Regan show so it
should be going great you can take a
picture with a fashion show
yeah you want a picture with he's gonna
sing for you he's gonna sing for you ask
him what specific watch Hammond is your
Dahmer vegan show play okay yeah okay
but we guys want you to put the pressure
on your country so right now we're
talking to we're talking to with
emulation is that like hi yes I like
reading all I see is okay they speak
English yes I know that no if he comes
to make stuff up shake
dadadada Sheikh he was born born and he
came all the way from where from London
you hated to come for the show so this
is create again from London so I'm shout
out to him so that's pretty cool he's
gonna watch and now he's gonna watch the
home Auriga show us together homie Sam
chilling here the backstage is on the
Regan show and they're getting it ready
and shaking my hands he keeps I go like
this like he's here chillin yeah got
people here so what's up Oh London boy
is here nice and we got DJ DJ really you
serious
you look like a DJ I see I assumed
you're a DJ I didn't nice
yeah I still need a visa he wasn't DJ
sir chigger um they're talking we got
Joshua from native Dean here I'm where
Regan song say what's up what's up he's
here
oh look like a you're like a DJ - I'm
sorry they work in the here behind the
scenes working the lights and everything
so everything should turn out well you
ready shake ready what you might Lucy
sure I can't see why were in a scarf II
take off his car
you say second Street yeah we say 42
Street was in 42nd yeah we support issue
a visa for to see in the engineer
actually gonna look actually yeah forty
seconds Regan show an interesting
recording
the best friends a New Yorker and a
Londoner turning best friend sought to
anomia
alright so today we're gonna go chill
and like I don't know we're gonna go
chill me British homie unser
everybody say what's up sup shell boys
good lad in low I'm always here to
college
slim say what's up what's up and we just
witnessed like somebody I think he died
like somebody legit died he got knock
like something that you don't
boom-boom
and he just fell and just then we found
out that Paul Walker died and rest in
peace Parker and just like the saddest
thing man Paul Walker's going to a
charity event man and what seriously
were all like sad and just like alright
so Harris attack before anything until
we find out the truth was it was him the
Muslims died and the soldier got killed
like you get me like they will see the
soldiers got killed you get me but the
Muslims died like they just died did
they get killed just a sad day and
somebody died in your moment silence
moment silence and poelker and for the
guy that we saw died so
yeah
and even though you know he was a Muslim
or nothing doesn't mean anything man may
he rest in peace and the children and
women who died every day may they all
rest in peace I'm sorry for my British
home you had to witness all this in New
York what he experienced he came from
London and experienced all this and
seeing witnessing all this is just
horrible man just everything you saw one
day we see at least in five years yeah
five years like 20 years what this does
is it reminds us people die and then
that's that's what I swear by so we're
praying for not not because of who died
is because people die every day yeah hi
guys so it's time to wrap up this flag
hope you guys enjoy this flag even
though we didn't get to vlog as much
today it's about 4 a.m. right now and
I'm gonna give you guys a little recap
of what happened today because a lot of
stuff happened but we couldn't get to
vlog it just a lot of crazy stuff
happening so we went to the omarina show
and after Tom Regan show we went out to
go hang out um decided to hang out with
the British homey
shout out to I'm sorry for coming
through show him a lot of love and just
like I don't know this guy just like
literally like I don't know if he died
looked like he just died it from my face
like a huge fight broke out and just
like I don't know we've seen it happen
and I so like like I don't know that
give us like a like it hurt our eyes so
I was like I don't know like I can't
stop thinking about it now I'm trying to
like I don't know I'm trying to not
think of it and it just comes back to me
and it's not cool what we saw and yeah
and then we just found out that Paul
Walker passed away so rest in peace to
Paul Walker and to the guy if we seen
him if he did die or not and rest in
peace the people who die every day and
that nobody gets to ever speak of them
and same thing of them again
any attention to recipes to that so yeah
but today was a crazy awesome day with
Omar Egan and it was crazy and Omar Egan
is one he's probably the coolest guy who
ever hung out with and he's hilarious
guy and yeah it was pleasure to to be on
this show we're gonna be going again
tomorrow for more recordings and for the
show and when it will air we're gonna
let you guys know when it will air and a
huge shout out to see rots and barak you
guys are amazing and Nichelle the work
with you guys more soon and your father
is awesome and thank you oh my ringing
for the sexy
we're spent no no and yeah we'll just
we'll keep you guys updated with
everything we've got a lot of surprises
to tell you guys a lot more videos
coming soon and yeah see you guys
tomorrow make sure you guys go Turkey
and thank you guys saw Michael and thank
you guys for everybody who came out to
show a lot of love and support seriously
you guys are amazing
and sorry that I couldn't get to spend
as much time with you guys I promise you
guys next time I will spend more time
with you guys and I've tried my best to
spend the most time I wanted with you
guys
but I kept getting in trouble and yeah I
don't care if I could get in trouble is
I got no just you know I love you guys
take care and peace
