note some guys we're here with the heart
boy these guys a full heart are your car
we're here with talk about his best
friend who is a dump
Scott you go this area
I know all blew it up Trinidad days man
are you about to jump right open my gold
chair all gold ever hope you got enough
speed
oh man yeah where it is turning off you
know ha I did this already certain cop
gonna take a lot of practice it does
yeah I'm gonna escape one in a minute
last time I'll skip oh yeah buddy
you got it I said this is the president
right now on President Barack Obama this
is the president 10 years in the pointer
in the future the next person who needs
55 degrees has a right not to do your
president post 40 your little speech for
that one I give a speech shows an
inauguration speech you have to lick the
cream part off with by just looking at
love it love it whenever it's gone gonna
have gone first they went all right
ready
it's way too loose it is never dick sit
McArdle I report just like it
what the hell
man I'm done here cookie I'm done - I'm
done I got one
Jeanne Jeanne we're bout to dress Yemeni
style for the music video of thrift shop
I'm looking at means if July so just
cook and look everywhere we got the we
got the boy who got kicked out from
Bangladesh for being too handsome right
here I was here with Hermes brother Tom
what's your name son
Amir Amir and mashallah is really good
at this camera work and he's recording
yet sheiks part right there shake you
ready so you want you want to do this in
Bollywood involving no net not this part
do the one else outside you the video
should be up now the whole of this hell
let him check out the Pharaoh right now
you know your mother this is a new style
I'll be quite amazing I'll be cool right
I like it all right so the the video
should be up now so make sure the link
is right here on or in the description
below so make sure you go check it out
give it a thumbs up comment share it and
enjoy love you guys another sport
I know
what I'd say
I
you know check out the rear set where is
it what's all how is it very tired
thank you wanna give me a kiss you're
gonna smack me phones yeah I miss you so
much
come maybe hug because because remarry
marri marri marri Oh big hug for me too
I haven't done this in a while boy here
you go
Remo watching Remo watches Remo watching
Remo watching Remo haha
we must watch ARIMA watching really this
is you I'll make a pattern like this huh
imagine I make a pattern like this for
like and she's like 5 years later and I
make a pattern it's like we were
watching Remo watching Remo Remo ARIMA
wouldn't it be crazy Remo right wouldn't
it be crazy girl huh
Yes No maybe so white don't be quiet I
can't talk don't talk to me like that
disrespectful okay hey hey take it funny
this imagine Remo 5 years later
Rema watching Rima watching Rima
watching Rima watches Rima watching Rima
watching Rima watching Rima huh yeah -
Reema that's five years ago I was you
what let me finish watching Reema
watching Reema watching Reema watching
me gosh relax Reema watching Remo I
think you want Justin Bieber get on home
go got ya get out you kicked out no more
you're not in vlogs anymore Reema yeah
get out you know okay whatever stay but
imagine Rima like ten years from now see
this is Reema right now she's Holly Reem
enough seven imagine Remo when she's 17
lucky to make me do so much crazy stuff
I know I still make you do crazy stuff
Remo watches my wife started watching
Reema watching Reema watching Reema
watching Reema watching we know what -
Lyma watching Reema watching Reema watch
you get shut down
God you don't have to give me an
attitude like that you you're not even
cute anymore I'd even know I'm vlogging
you use me well you don't have to vlog
me you're almost 40 years old and still
vlogging me how about you leave whatever
we go back to the kitchen Reema go to
the right I'll go to the kidney bye
this is my older brother on his wedding
this is another one I David's wedding
with a sword that guy Omar broken ain't
got nothing on him he ain't got nothing
on my brother he must be crazy me you
must be crazy
Sheikh actually just got a haircut he
said he doesn't like it bad thing looks
it actually looks really good looks moo
moo moo I like it a lot and I like your
new sweater that you guys said it's
wedding
I mean your new t-shirt your new bond up
sure we see I like it fro from this bar
but bun up the first one though
burn up the another one how are you
trying to show your boobs do you have
booze - um
come on can I see your shirt
all the school we got from Miami
Chinatown so is it okay if he calls you
like a bit is that okay as bad huh I had
thing one we got all right okay fine um
female dog one female dog - do I ever
so shake he has a girlfriend you guys go
over and give her a hug yeah oh we like
her
why she has no head triple-check huh
there's seriously chicken legs are the
best yeah shake you like chicken legs
chicken wings wing huh
no chicken like it's better to have
their meat is like more softness so this
is how regular Americans eat
johnny was like I'm going this is our
arms yeah
the monster is a real man
how did a zz decide this is it we take
it and we is nice like this you just you
just want email food right yeah give up
food bag love over which that they'll be
funny good slide top all the rock live
man to come back down and die look at yo
in Yemen the mountains are like that
like that in Yemen the mountains I liked
it it's very like that well a lot of
them are steep so when you go up there
there's roads on top of the mountains
Yemeni like this roads inside amount
yeah can you be gangster like that in
Bangladesh the village a mountain high
mountain only in New York City
crazy driver
later alligator
ah you should I get the set yeah yes
fully binding do not offer we bonded it
looks weird but I like the mix I don't
know why I don't like this one I mean I
like this one cuz the Knicks but then I
have some flowers in there like looking
kind of protein I don't know
sorry get this another crack
Oh make sure you guys sweet it's Alan I
mean go comment the video right - sorry
I say go check it out and just go spam
it so they can watch it hope it make
sure you guys we can leave a thumbs up
give it a thumbs up and comment so and
go give it a thumbs up and come here and
make sure you share it so because we
really want Ellen to see it you know
real it'll be really cool she could play
it on her when I here I'm here so make
sure you go do that ever know little
move so much love looking at the
comments on the video it's Ellen's new
youtube challenge her video that she
told us to UM to do it and look at the
comments that are going so far so it
means so much when you guys saying to go
a lot true story same so if you guys can
go comment on it and just go turkey and
just just go crazy on I want to see more
of this it'll mean so much and it makes
a smile like this oh yeah what are you
doing this healy sticky stays
snapchatting people where you guys drag
me on snapchat my first name what's your
snapchat and last name just been
together he's such a heavy sleeper I
swear I could scream out loud in here ah
mashallah he's one of the heaviest lira
does he how does I get you but up how's
that you're gonna watch this baby I gave
you into a hearty the wake up how did it
get up cuz it is considered wake up I
would've woke up by now how's that big
mo look at me I'm a monster
what the hell don't worry guys I put him
back to bed
I don't want to bother him anymore
goodnight I'm so thank you guys so much
for always giving the vlogs up always
means a lot when we reach over a
thousand it shows us that we're doing a
good job at the vlog so we'll be having
a lot more vlog for you guys thank you
guys so so much so it's time to wrap up
this flag I hope you guys enjoyed this
week's flag make sure you go check out
the videos down below the Ellen's mirror
moves
video and our video with cream tweleve
the thrift shop video it makes you show
a lot of loves them thank you guys so
much and thank you so much for Emma we
reach 10,000 subscribers and our vlog
Channel yeah and make sure you subscribe
to our main channel too because if we
hit we're almost at 40,000 subscribers
if we hit 50,000 drivers we should do
something special like should go dance
in Starbucks or something you know what
I mean we'll see what happens but um
yeah thank god so much for all the
support and we'll see you guys soon take
care and have a great afternoon
and I have a question for you if if we
were if we were to to move out of Earth
and live in Mars which what would be the
cobbler to pray I don't know what I'm
saying alright guys I'll see you guys
soon alright
