hey guys what's up right now we're at
the peel box office and it is crowded up
in here and it's ugly weather outside is
like raining with an old man is born he
went to bed he bumped his head he
couldn't make love with the girl morning
open magic key we haven't checked this
for a while so about JP locks you can do
the honor thank you 6:30 make sure
nothing goes out because of the back is
empty I've hold make sure nothing goes
out because the back is like empty could
fall off be careful okay I know I'm
scared it's gonna work because those you
have to wait on line for you look easy
we have to wait on our kitties for the
big packages to record it here ready
check it a lot give you your own now we
have that vintage Time Square so long
sorry now we're finally back in Times
Square
yeah the minutes are square in a minute
always we're gonna go to gaming but this
is Arcadia no play which I got this
little movies we're about to watch
Catching Fire Hunger Games even though I
didn't want to go I mean I want to watch
everything is when I go to the movie
theaters I have a habit of sleeping in
the movie theater because I don't know
why but we weren't allowed to go in
arcades because they gotta be 21 hey
call me next year we got a little we're
gonna come back and become 21 - oh yeah
do you need any popcorn recording movies
about to start in like two minutes
actually the movies would start like
five minutes ago but usually they put
like 20 minutes of commercials and stuff
ready guys tweeting but I always twitch
about oh just about everything he
doesn't feel like it's not that much
people here so yay
well it's better than hunting him down
yeah went up it fails no harm done
anyway right I want to say we try it go
next - then stand next
twins find a good one ah finally
something good
yeah they look alike I did he look like
twins him him and him they were like
twins no I said do they look like twins
oh sorry but do you look like twins here
yes a little bit Oh who's cuter here
the heck is that
because I suppose yeah I know you're
doing good oh yeah who's the height of
like hey we just measured
they're gonna be at tomorrow's black so
thank you guys for all the love and
support I hear more thank you bye
she doesn't know what it is okay hi we
got a lot of stuff in pedo box and today
I'm gonna be opening up some of them so
here goes start off with this one they
actually kind of hard to open so
actually open in advance but let's start
off to business bracelets we got
bracelets for vemma me and Adam and
there's also a letter with ear a
diamond-shaped one I have bad
handwriting
my name is summer ages 13 years old 13
years young from London UK shout-out to
London and shout-out to summer for this
these bracelets your hand ready not that
your enemy actually this team is mine
it's pretty cute we got the same having
a fight yeah
thank you so much for this bracelets I'm
gonna be giving Adam unto his the
Reema's went to the hurts tomorrow so
shout to summer thinking thank you so
much for the bracelets our next one is
you guys don't know you can either put
my name or out of the name in the pew
box both the names in it so you can play
either name I'll come through for you
but both it's up to you our next one is
from - hello - holla gave us two letters
and
Andi she gives tenure and also earring
I'm pretty sure this earrings for Rima
so when I see Rima or when I see Adam
I'm gonna give this to Rima and there's
a lot of candy there blow pop I think
that's a lot of not sure you sent us
these little badges and it says it says
save for Syria another thing is this no
there's a safe Syria is that safe Syria
and yeah we're gonna be reppin this
there you go I'm gonna get out I'm so
short I'm gonna give out of when his his
I'm gonna add I'm gonna give out as one
tomorrow to him that's about it thank
you guys all for sending us all the
gifts these are a lot of gifts candy
bracelets here we have bracelets candy
letters there's a lot of stuff you guys
centers thank you so much for that it
means a lot to us and you know thank you
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
blog hope you guys enjoy this flag cuz
it's been an ugly day these past few
days hopefully it gets better
we just we seriously just want to go to
the South like down south like Florida
or something just for like vacation and
get away from this cold and make video
was there or something but yeah we'll
see what happens Turkey and give this
video a thumbs up this vlog a thumbs up
we are gonna be filming something soon I
don't know we're thinking about doing a
Black Friday prank for like like doing
something like a Black Friday prank but
we don't know what to do yet if you guys
want us to do something cool for like a
Black Friday prank leave in the comments
below we'll be reading them so yeah or
the Omar Regan show will be on the
November 30th it is gonna be filmed then
like you guys could be an audience and
be on television and the UK and Middle
East and all around a lot of other
countries and the infos blows the
tickets are only sold at the doors at
the door and it'll be cool if you ask
come and show support the info will be
down below and Facebook all the
addresses and everything so and at the
same day we're gonna be doing the we're
gonna be hosting the DEF cat show so
it's up to you guys you guys wanna go to
the homo Regan show or the DEF cushaw
with the DEF cat was around 6:00
like that and the American show is
around like three - something like that
so information we below you guys will
see Chicago February 15 will keep you
guys you gotta go in the you UK we'll
keep you guys updated with the dates
still try to get the date soon
and yeah hopefully we get to go more
places and we'll see you guys tomorrow
