hey guys what's up right now we were
back in New York City and guess we were
saying you I know we're standing in and
we're tell them where we are
one direction huh one direction hotel
one direction's hotel they are and uh
they here in New York City right now
they're in New York
but I think they left already so they
were just here let it go a little while
ago we did a little while ago but we
didn't upload a vlog yesterday because
we missed our flight yesterday was
supposedly about 1:00 then after that
and I supposed to get some New York by
like five and after that we have to wait
an extra four or five hours then we
didn't get to New York's like 10:00
11:00 at night and then we didn't get
home cycle midnight so we couldn't
upload no oh sorry cool
can't walk through the red carpet
because we're not one direction I guess
are you okay
yeah you were that'll be attendee which
ones you got to see that now I'll give
you off you keep on waiting okay you
know listing shots are gonna make you
wrong when he kissed you out none none
are you okay now at the end
ya know what happens what good dog
who dies we're all your money she's a
good way nicely
Sabine miss Amina
she's working in caches a working place
you want coffee
I mean what kind of cold us on what it's
not good to have a drink but no we live
one
NOLA but it's not good to have a drink
though it's it's bad for you yo y'all we
live once a young man was about sneeze
whoo it away I
we're just here we don't have class
together we wish we had class together
but he wants to do an Instagram video
and we're gonna think of videos to do
say what up son do people look in there
yeah yeah Instagram video so check it
out a little
sorry asleep in class mine you guys
everyone asleep in class and you don't
want to get caught by the teacher make
sure you guys get these it's really cool
yeah what's it called what's it called
yeah it's called the glasses Adam
glasses while you sleep in classes we're
gonna go on a I want those no one here
you go Oh gags do you look so nice you
like but he's ready to go see ya I sleep
now sleep let's test it out sleep no
when I got the atom glasses
the teacher would always catch CACI
doing good right he never works what
it's never use it I always get caught
caught doing great in class right oh no
this is not recommend you please do not
punish do not buy it here but you can
buy it in stores now it's easier to put
on you put it on like this three seconds
and it's on you don't need no tape no
glue no nothing no nothing
bang one more here only takes 3 seconds
1 3 if it doesn't take you 3 seconds you
can get your money back now ladies and
gentlemen I recommend everyone please do
not get this my son card is for his
class and he failed everything because
the teacher gives catch
please let a human please no one gets
this this is all garbage this is all
this is all garbage today today is
actually opposite day what she's saying
is the total opposite clearly is
opposite day what she's saying you are
very beautiful
today's opposite day I know thank you
very much you all go but for everybody
for every the her mom and daddys who
cares about the son of graduation who
wants to become doctor do not get this
this is all garbage
I was not one he had a waste of your
money I promise you this is all garbage
okay you're okay
today's obviously we got to show a lot
by doing the opposite of what we do you
know what I'm saying what she was saying
is get it because the opposite was you
saying was not together which means get
the atom glasses I love you as I was
saying if you do not get it you'll not
pass your classes and you will not have
fun
go so shake it just made it to the
popular pages video this is first time
making a television show with something
big congratulations to shake a bud
and anytime I got some couldn't done
with dimes no no no you thought you got
it
shake congratulations you're awesome and
I love you you got food macaroni cheese
buffalo chicken wings with pizza and
chicken on it and invite them in the
water and share aqua and a brownie you
know what this brownie looks like open
your eyes nothing not you
you don't miss me mr. eva so much what I
don't like when I come back from a from
traveling stuff Rema forgets me she
looks at me like who this is dude though
and then I bring out the camera then I
show her the vlogs and she knows like oh
that's the guy that that's the atom guy
that always puts the camera on my face
right Mira right now she's not in a good
mood she was to go outside but it's like
freezing cold
so she's chilling on the phone we must
say hi Rima people from Ottawa and
Montreal wanted me to tell you for you
to tell them to say hi home you can you
speak she's giving me the silent
treatment cuz I didn't win today Rima
what are you doing taking a selfie let
me see let me see
goodness just go like this huh just go
like this what are you taking a selfie a
2 year olds these days man I wouldn't be
surprised she signed up for Instagram hi
guys so it's time to wrap up this flag
hope you guys enjoyed this flag make
sure to go Turkey and give this video a
thumbs up and don't be lazy because you
aren't gonna be happen so new videos
coming soon thank you guys so much for 7
million views on the Ferrari prank and
one over one more use on our date prank
video and almost 1 million views are not
pretending to be celebrity prank so it
truly means a lot for your continuous
support thank you guys so much and we're
gonna keep you guys updated with that a
si we out tour dates on November 30th we
are gonna be hosting a debka show in New
York City and the link was bullied below
if you guys want to attend it and at
that same day in New York City we're
gonna be filming for the Omar Regan show
the link will be below if you guys want
to go and be in the audience's show love
at the O Morita show mo Regan show is a
show that we're gonna be on and it's
gonna air on TV but not in America and
the UK in the Middle East Malaysia and a
lot more other country so that's kind of
cool really really cool shout out two or
more Regan homie stay up bro Suki and
for the UK dates for Birmingham London
and Manchester
we are looking forward to go to those
three cities when we go to the UK and
inshallah we'll be going to UK during
January and they're still they're still
letting us know what's the date so I'm
just waiting on that I can't wait so we
go to the UK just waiting on the dates
and Shella we've got many other
countries and cities soon if you guys
want to help just I don't know just let
your city know about us and tell them to
invite us or something
anywhere Netherlands France wherever
you're from Sweden so we would love to
come through and meet you guys so yeah
thank you guys so much and oh yeah
February 15 for Chicago the link is
below it all the links are below thank
you so much and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
