and rimas gonna start off the black
today say hi say hi say hi Rima thinks
right now that she's gonna go outside
with me but she's not I'm actually gonna
head down with chef to Washington DC in
Virginia so I will see you in about
three days we miss you so much
me kiss bigger kiss she's been extra
nice than ever she thinks I'm gonna take
her big a kiss baby a kiss baby kiss you
actually look so cute today like you're
here is not a mess big kiss to the
camera because it was mm-hmm give it
that freeze always cracks me up if
somebody make a mean with this age that
allows you to view it again somebody
just make a meme comment below a caption
with this face or tweeted to me or
something with this face do it got him
one two oh one two three go longer right
there Bo we're in Virginia Washington DC
and the Royal Navy and in my girlfriends
but uh Mitchell oh yeah girl I just want
her to think I mean I'm not gonna go oh
okay let me plug okay we'll talk okay I
mean if I gotta go to your fence oh yeah
let's see your leptin are you know I'm
ready I'm ready all right all right no
they told me what is st. Mary's what if
you are left in Europe clear oh they
told me that when I was a little kid oh
that's my stuff hey what do you always
I'm not looking up I might give her a
white girl I love you it was leave a
fight you know what I mean you can fight
we go to jail fight oh me too
enough fun adriaen you know yo ugly stop
talking come on a good stop hey girl
give me ten years that yeah I love
you beard it looks nice you guys tell me
a fight no no one between you you did
you know me I didn't seem to remember
that I I been through those things with
you guys huh and I know that's how you
got a sweet talk this stupid-ass judge
you know what a great first impression
of Virginia Washington DC not so good
all right now we're heading towards the
White House to have a little talk with
we're gonna have a little talk with
Obama I'm gonna tell you all what's up
son how you been I wanna play ball man
yeah we go bowling Magadan ball
the crazy stuff in Washington DC this
guy's blasting music with a radio in his
book bag he's back in 2003 and this is
the White House it's pretty cool but
it's kind of far away a little pretty
the fence is here if you go over to the
fence eat son the grass is even good
it's cool
can you tell me what color what color is
what color is the White House you got
all right all right so my German friend
Larry's gonna teach me something in
German how do you say I love you
ich liebe dich just leave it this it's
liebe dich stay with it you sure that
doesn't mean something else
sure this musn't us no I don't say like
I like on my own toes I really hope
right here to my right
Washington Monument I believe it looks
like a sin so I won't call the defense
like a pencil a look oh this is hot no
looks like a rocket ship I sort of looks
like a offensive rocket but this like is
about to be like 5 4 3 2 1 I'll just
speak
the grass smells so good actually
Jewish press knows most guys mother
your mama who loved this to make some
share some coffee some hahaha she would
love this go into this phone I could
just like make to make some shiny on
Papa what Chevy should I see how was
coffee cha and how you say coffee coffee
coffee
I'm done let's missing out a lot once
again he couldn't come with us as you
look as usual because he's always at
school because he chooses this school
over us I need to pull over eyes like
how many great friends do you have
just joking you know you don't get me a
bill of do a good job you'll be the fool
keep it all Lola and will will show you
the memories that we have you know which
are all the fun we had with your casino
Mikey do they have watch sport oh how
cool that it's how you doing 100 pound
dumbbells
how do you think I'm how thing is
nothing he's run by UNESCO comin atcha I
made to Monica Baba she told me Election
Day huh what so funny
Simeone ended so fast
they call me Kobe Bryant
get up nice to you please please I want
to seek missing I'm scared to sit alone
huh yes
oh let me sit on the floor okay need a
blanket oh I need like any luggage
and these ladies let's see before you oh
I need like you that them and there's
need late this week like I stopped
something cool I'm cool
I need like it's cold good start I'm
cold I'm cold how do you thinking don't
hurt me I'm cold
yeah sure Justin I love you yeah you
messed up stop it's five o'clock it's
still like I said this boss I didn't
know
come on let's sing go please come on no
stop
I do anything how do you do that
Thank You me any this yo-yo bees are
happy
hey we just got married last week you
wanna sleep with me
and shake Albert is eating what are you
eating this is a falafel and this is uh
Franklin
Oh what right a fried cone it's just
it's a fright it's like Ice Cube Cove is
fine it is a lot but I want to see let
me see sort of standpoint
oh I got mine look at is what is this oh
I didn't know was gonna come this big
and out of nowhere what this thing is
bigger than my face you see how it
tastes you know how to read it says up
there it says gum website guilty Sokka
I always look these are cool I don't
know cuz it it's never in New York City
is like like the ones in cartoon and
stuff what does it mean if it's up does
that mean they have mail or if it's down
I've notice houses but I'm gonna come
out hit me you miss me did you miss me I
miss you so so freaking much miss you so
much
oh no no I missed you so much stop stop
it's not funny
hi guys it was time to wrap up this vlog
we hope you guys enjoyed this vlog and
DC aka Virginia I don't know if it's
Virginia it's another state Washington
DC I mean whatever yeah hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog and I want to say
thank you guys so so so so much for our
new video meet a Muslim person it has
been a huge success has over 200,000
views in 3 days if you guys haven't
checked it out make sure you go to the
link below and check it out we really
appreciate all the love and support that
you guys gave us in this video we
couldn't have done it without you guys
so thank you guys so much we love you
guys
and we actually got in contact with the
news here in New York and they asked us
a couple questions about our video they
actually liked the video and they asked
us a couple of questions but I still do
not know if it is gonna be on the news
but I really hope it does go on the news
because it'll be something really cool
to show to the media and stuff like that
except for that one guy at the end who I
called a racist prick even though he
admitted to being a racist prick so it
was basically like me calling a
basketball player a basketball player
but yeah if something like that happens
again I'll make sure to educate them
next time so thank you guys again for
all the support and all the love in this
video we did not know that it will blow
up like this so thank you guys so much
and let us know do you guys want a part
two of a Mita Muslim part two in a
different area or a different place
because we're thinking about doing that
so let us know in the comments below if
you guys want that thank you guys so
much and thank you guys for all the love
and support
we'll see you guys next week and take
care much love
you know
missile what could be like a great
