rimas in a bad mood right now see she's
drinking from her she's not supposed to
drink from from the bottle she's
supposed to drink from the cup but she
wants the bottle you're not supposed to
have the bottle Rima look watch she's
gonna turn into a good mood when I see
this do you wanna watch the fun of up do
you want to watch Spongebob you wanna
watch 20-buck huh
you wanna watch the door she was
watching TV a la reina here matches you
even know it already knows how to use
app he's a iphone watch this imma give
her my coat she's gonna know my she's
gonna know how to use an iPhone okay why
should yeah anyway you know how to use
an iPhone when I was two I was reading
books this generation the kids are just
like what here talk why are you letting
me cut you sneaky brat say sorry cat
haha see sorry to the cat so sorry give
me kiss say sorry huh you hit him again
give me a kiss give me a kiss
give a big kiss got like we missed my
phone hey guys what's up hey what's up
you are so gonna find our way to the
show New Jersey
and everybody else
like Black Sea so we're here right now
we just got to New Jersey to these guys
but turn it down every can't really
we're so sorry for being late it was so
much traffic and we didn't expect New
Jersey's to have so much chapter like
that but everything should go well
inshallah and I see you guys so what's
up Dino to organize everything so don't
mess with anybody I messed up for that
maja you guys know how she goes
but y'all have a story to talk to you
guys about the Muslim community and
everything
come on folks we got a lot of people to
the show you had you had everybody
emotionally what do I said the band
supper trying to say what up good thank
you
come on what do you think of to say I
say you're perfect
right now we're at juicy platters taking
us out so thank you so much for the MSA
of PCC College thank you guys being too
loud out to be too loud here I don't
need that
pictures up don't be out like we all
would like oh we all would like that's a
juicy platters leader you have some
amazing so we just got home from the
show in Jersey and thank you guys so
much for all the love and support who
came out there and made a lot of noise
and just this was by far the best show
that we had so props to you guys New
Jersey and inshallah many more shows
like this it was amazing the crowd was
loud the show more perfect and shake
actually saying to the to the crowd he
usually was shy but you guys made him
confident and everything so thank you
guys for that and thank you guys for for
all the gifts you guys gave us the
bracelets and the stuff you guys gave
Rema we're gonna vlog it with it once
she's once I see her because she's
always sleeping she's such a sleepyhead
so we will be at Montreal on the 22nd
and we will be at Ottawa the day after
the 23rd all the information will be
below so Montreal and Ottawa make sure
you guys go check out the links below
and all the info tickets are only $10
for the meet-and-greet and we're gonna
perform and Chicago will be there soon
February 15 I will give you guys more
info on that on the next vlogs like that
so yeah we have a new video on Wednesday
today new video today at 6 p.m. Eastern
Time on our main channel so it's
it's called Bollywood love prank and
it's one of the most funniest videos
we've ever made so make sure you guys go
check it out and go Turkey if you guys
enjoy it make sure you share it on your
Facebook or Twitter we'll be looking for
as much people that who shared it and we
will show love back to you guys by
retweeting
or commenting so that would mean so much
if you guys can do that so thank you
guys so much for everything we're almost
at 300,000 subscribers and if you guys
want to watch the new video if you're
watching this after 6 p.m. make sure you
go watch it link will be below if you
guys are watching it before 6 p.m. make
sure you go check it out at 6 p.m. I go
Turkey and that's the end of the vlog be
sure to give this video a thumbs up and
go biryani the new jersey show was
amazing one word a mazing it was just it
was just great thank you guys for all
the people that came it was a great show
one of the best we ever had and you know
it's a great feeling our next show is in
Montreal which is on the 22nd of
November which is on Friday and the day
after we're gonna have another show in
Ottawa if you guys live around this area
you guys should really come the full
details are in the description box below
today what we did was we recorded our
new video which is coming out tomorrow
but if you guys are watching on time you
should be coming out today today at 6 o
clock it's something different it's
something you guys never you guys
probably expect but you guys should
really you know if you guys liked it
give that video a thumbs up your thumbs
up is what we like you know we want you
guys to enjoy the video we're not doing
this for our pleasure we're doing so you
guys can enjoy and you get some laughs
you guys can smile so you know if you
guys enjoy that be sure to share it on
Twitter Facebook MySpace Tumblr every
other social media if you guys love any
of the parts you guys can screenshot
that part and tweet it to us and we'll
retweet you you guys can share it share
it to us on Facebook you guys have
message of your favorite part you know
you know we want to know what your
favorite part is so if you guys have a
favorite part you guys should really do
that and you know hope you guys enjoy
that video and that's a wrap peace
