hey guys what's up so it's just to meet
up with shant around five o'clock
almost every single day I don't know
nice India buddy
I don't know do you guys do you guys
from here background music bollywood
song we dance right now show me how to
do this
Vidia may have fun here yep - ooh
this guy always takes selfies
this guy was inside the odorous I
thought he was outside like an honest
but oh well see how it goes
technically I'm a traffic jam this come
on the job I told you mean about a
mile away well laughs alone here
don't fight groaning people look up oh
yeah what's wrong with you gonna get it
give my son was wrong with you here in
my head it's like chocolate your name
hear me say it right is it chocolate all
right this looks so good
well it's like a chalk with it oh that's
cool can you buy me this please Oh twins
again laddu is cute it's cute though
look shake witty taxi is here you know I
love you right
your role here he's a taxi right now
this I know your God I got yes what the
new Apple iPhone yeah - what six it
already too busy
isn't it came in red that's crazy man
mine to put it back it's gone this
figure why aren't you but please wave at
me
yeah
very nice cameras all right now we're
gonna see if Bollywood is actually real
you know when you bump into somebody and
all of a sudden you fall in love you
never do that to random people and we're
gonna see if we really do call love
maybe we maybe we'll find our love like
that
right yeah
you
apparently Bollywood is fake it doesn't
work something maybe it's just an
industry of the wrong peopie so many
people when they just gave me a dirty
looking like what the hell is what i
doing it's cuz everyone yep hey what's
up hey what's up are you a gangsta this
is actually a hat that someone gave me
from Canada to give it to Rima and I
actually forgot to give it to her way
back and now she has really no supposed
to eat that remember that's a frickin
bracelet it's not candy bracelets rumors
actually feeling much better now and
she's 100% better give me high five go
give me go oh you're gonna fall
you try oh yeah oh yeah missed you so
much or you could talk now say yes say
yes see I love I love this oh she
already knows what's the same one tickle
you you guys team a say a do me yeah you
guys gonna tickle Rima right now so we
have a couple videos that we have coming
soon and we have meta Muslim person part
2 coming soon date prank part 2 coming
soon and we have the video um I don't
know if one so we came up with this
original idea of and you guys seen in
the vlog today with the Bollywood thingy
like do you guys think we should do that
as a as the main Channel video leave it
in the comments below if you guys think
we should do it as a main Channel video
like you know we could call it Bollywood
in real life prank and we do that to
random strangers in the street and we
make it a main channel material so let
us know if you guys want that down below
and yeah the minimum part 2 and they
print a prank part 2 will let you guys
know when it would be out soon and with
the Bollywood in real life prank if you
guys wanted to do that we could do that
as soon as possible since that seems
simple just bumping into people and
trying to see if we fall in love and
yeah let us know in the comments below
so keep it comments below seriously
because this Google+ thing has
and pissing me off I can barely even
read it comment so go turkey on the
comments and go turkey on the thumbs-up
and our New Jersey show is actually
today is happening right now we're
probably at the show right now so thank
you guys so much if you're coming
through to the show we have marshals
coming soon we'll keep you guys updated
with everything thank you guys so much
full of love and support that you guys
always give to us thank you guys for
everything so we really appreciate it
and it truly means a lot and we're
seriously blessed to have you all by our
sides and having that back always like
that so thank you guys so much for
bringing us to where we are right now we
almost have 300,000 subscribers and
we're at seventy four seventy three
thousand subscribers on our black
channel so it truly means a lot that's
the end of the vlog be sure to give this
video thumbs up and go biriani on the
likes as I said before the reason why
our confidence and motivation increases
because of you guys when you guys like
our videos when you guys comment when
you guys share it motivates us is like
you know these people I love you why
don't we do more you know it increases
our confidence and it's all cuz you guys
so thank us all for that you guys are
asking about the Montreal tour and the
Ottawa to you guys oh my guys to castle
the castle it is not cancelled it's just
a little changed up a little but it is
still on to get in it's no longer 20
over $20 to get in it's only $10 for
meet-and-greet and for the show but if
you paid $15 you get a VIP which means
you get to skip everyone online and you
got to see us you guys get to come in
front of us and you know before the rest
of the people that is the update for
Montreal Auto Show those shoulders still
on November 22nd November 23rd you guys
don't want to miss it we've never been
to Montreal we've never been to Ottawa
first time their first show there hope
you guys come through hope you guys have
blast and that's all for the news that's
it and that's a wrap
peace
