I'm so so excited I got freaking
boarding pass it's how you know series
you don't send them kinda nervous but
I'm really really excited no good you
ready doing it for the vlog doing this
alive man
I'm just being real a little bit nervous
Tommy nervous now you're gonna need the
violin inshallah inshallah it's a long
shot just means that it means like in
God's will in my ring a lot of you guys
are thinking I'm married or engaged well
actually in the meet agree I got married
twice not really married but yeah some
people gave me a ring so thank you guys
for the ring and for this bracelet this
I read a carpet to go inside a plane
passing lit Wow roll
it's plaintive serious man serious bro
I've had these phone inside and we have
like an hour ride man I'm blaming it all
of this on I'm sorry for emergency what
do we do we put this grand oh yeah we
stood up and jump out or what
now you just remain seated a okay no
good yeah you ready yeah I'm excited
Oh what up sup my name's Steve prevent
ego
thank you big Steve already she ate it
Daisy thank you thank you so much that
was such a crazy experience thank you so
much - I appreciate it thank you hope
I'll see you next time thank you thank
you come on baby
bring your mouse you got fatty woods in
the building feel hot this is so hot bro
I don't do me getting that was such a
crazy experience I've been to divide so
many times but this time with the plane
slash bolt I got to see literally
everything and at the end when you guys
see those little islands they're making
a world map in Dubai
I'm have to move here my wife oh I'm
getting married ah I have two wives I
have stopped touring
hi guys fatty woods is about to hit it
you know wow where did it go ooh hi guys
I don't really play golf but I'm gonna
try my best as everyone here it's kind
of older than me and older people play
golf you know so I got a 24 I got B
maturity I'm good
so I'm not hurting that put the ball
here the ball is so small so it's really
hard to like you know try to get it like
my ball is big in this I'm talking my
bat in my basketball ok so I already got
a movie hip like this reminds me of
baseball for some reason like you know
like Derek Jeter is shop
okay do me gang before we go inside and
dive in with sharks I wanted to bring
you guys here so there's this place in
Dubai it is just like Yemen where I'll
live in Sun are looks exactly like this
if you guys do not know last time I went
to Yemen was around ten to eleven years
ago I'm gonna need to come closer man I
wish one day I can go back to Yemen but
there's so much issues right now which
sucks so bad because at one point my
sisters we're living there and they had
to come back to America because a lot of
issues were happening but this is how
Yemen looks
this is what you mean this is how Sun
out looks like and even the houses this
is how the houses are like shout out to
Dubai for making something you know that
looks like Yemen it's something that
represents him in my country as you guys
know I love doing charity I've been all
the way to Pakistan to help door hangers
it's been all way to India to help
poverty to school I've been all the way
to Africa to help the orphanage and I
always always rep my country and help my
country because the money that I give my
mom mom gives it to a charity that helps
out Yemen but there's so many people
that talk so much crap man but seriously
I don't think they see my blogs so it's
okay I forgive you guys and I still love
you guys
does this make you want to go back it
makes you want to go back vignette 50000
thumbs up and I'm going to Yemen put my
bad I got to go my back and my dad is
the boss there you know 15,000 thumbs up
this not even Airport day but yeah guys
pray for Yemen I'm I always want to you
know raise awareness with issues like
this can I come here done again yeah
once again so do me gang this is my home
country just to know I always rep my
country my parents he always teach me to
always you know show love and always do
charity because God can give you a lot
of money but he's always testing you and
you guys already know me ever since I
was young I've always wanted to do
charity work because that's something
that I love doing it gives me a pure
heart and it kills me it's not sometimes
when people talk a lot of crap in the
letter O he never runs his country you
never what I always mention the end of
my frickin vlogs I always bet you dammit
don't ever say that man yeah don't even
watch my blog stop talking ich MIT but
it's all good as I said I still love you
guys I have a pure heart I love you guys
so much
I forgive you guys they don't matter I'm
not here to spread hate to spread
negativity you guys are still in my
heart so I'm yeah can we go inside -
yeah guys an exclusive tour of Yemen
Yemen in Dubai I'm gonna have to get me
one of these houses there's hopefully
shallow so and I can like get one of
these houses you need to knock your
house down that you just bought and
build something like this
got shout-out to the people here who
work hard man can I come up
yo they love me to come up with it so
gloomy
bring you up with look good yo you've
died straight up if you fell in that
empty sweep
I appreciate what you guys do thank you
guys so much where you guys from India
India nice wine India India India
blowjob muscle as good as good what do
they call this Shiva or kingdom of Shiva
that's it about kingdom of Sheba so you
guys gonna give me one of the houses or
no inside - yo I'm going inside Yemen
really ok una cosa ok I would break in
Yemen I must say
shut up me I'm from a shed ha ha I
didn't but I live Assam and I have
cousins in it I'm pretty much family
everywhere yeah I miss ya mad man you
guys need to take it back I'm definitely
- come back soon one cell issues calm
down 70 thousand thousand thumbs up I
need to help these dudes out man
yeah okay my name is Adam what's your
name okay now get
Mohammed Mohammed Adam come on they're
smiling they get it treated well here in
Dubai they're so nice I feel like they
all think that I'm like probably someone
who like Oh in this house you guys did
this happen even I know give me a loan
system
oh you guys give me a test
all right so good you guys need help but
what I will offer mother this is down
you're getting exclusive of the house
yeah my mama if you're watching us I got
you in a house and head they're just
like kinda Muslim man but we got the
same here you know keep them cool Wow
oh no these are holding tiny balloon I
can't believe on my side here right now
they're building this only in Dubai the
nature service environment I miss my
country but I love it how do you want to
jump in sharks anymore man what are you
gonna do let me do something
this guy okay
I see you I'll see you
I got a pretty common yeah man saying
anything he said I got a big hat see you
got promoted
yeah these guys are cool man they're my
boy
do not read for this job guys I can't
believe I'm inside the house I gotta
give these guys something they dope man
they're cool here they brought me into
my future house dude look at this
well thank you so much this'll get him
in be good okay
give it to everyone around okay be good
okay happy Joe Joe Joe
just be careful oh oh you got it brother
guys Naz is directing a documentary he's
gonna be big teens put this part in the
documentary what are we expecting it to
be out 2018 2018
dumi gang I'm in the taxi right now with
the homie midsole mr. say what up we are
leaving I'm leaving to New York
Mitchell's leaving back to the UK and um
ah so this is what I'm gonna do because
I have so much footage and I'm not gonna
get the shark footage until around a day
or two because the homie mid so he had
his GoPro and he's gonna transfer it to
me because my laptop's completely that
right now he's not gonna lay it to like
a day from here so today's vlog was this
this yeah I'm gonna vlog and tomorrow
I'm gonna show you guys me steak and Kim
Kardashian's hotel suite and the day
after will be the exclusive videos of me
Mitzvah and the whole squad going inside
in the Sharks they take a while like I
took a lot of convincing a lot a lot we
would discuss for say not you know
what's Korea but it's give me three dope
plug you guys are in for a treat there
is so much footage you guys are gonna
love oh my god is nice and the good
thing is once like I have a 14-hour
flight right now and I've come back to
Dubai next week my dad has surgery to do
and I have to move in from my room to
the house so I'm gonna need like a day a
day and a half to settle in then vlog
everything for you guys and show you
guys so do me gang kommer iodide UMI's
if you guys made it to the end
listen you guys will know the next few
days of luck tomorrow something about
Kim K in her room that we went in puffs
sniffing all the pillows and stuff you
knows it no joking this yeah it's not
click baby we're back to Dubai after a
week hopefully missile can come through
there's really not fair you don't miss
out man is insane is insane so think
about this if you think the last few
days and the next couple of days have
been absolute fire in the vlogs bro you
know how Fashion Week's gonna be
something else it's gonna be it's gonna
be the busy I cannot wait summer I'm
heading back to New York he's heading
back to London I'll see you guys do me
act tomorrow I'm so so exhausted I'm so
tired I only had how many minutes hours
sleep there be a 30-30 for TSA minutes
within during during when you had maybe
like 15 minutes in the car and a power
I'm so exhausted with but yeah I'll see
you guys tomorrow if you guys enjoy this
video make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey
I'll see ya tomorrow take care
he's in it swear to god he
should've came when life gives you Yemen
baby makes in Yemen aid never place I'll
meet you there I'll treat the playing
like an uber if that makes me mad you
know on this
