hey guys what's up we are here and um
I'm not 59th Street something like that
suit up as always and huh look before I
say that this is a vlog video this is
not a video video like I mentioned this
is a vlog channel video so you guys are
like Joe why are your videos just
walking with their friends some people
were like all your videos is just
walking their friends so this is a black
channel so if you don't like it you can
do videos other vlog so I said if you do
like any do enjoy it I need to watch it
thank you so much and I love you so much
scare the out of you how do you
shake is gonna give you guys the biggest
kiss given the biggest kiss here's the
biggest kiss it'll give you as the
biggest present you see it seems huge
mad heavy movie movie and let me know
just like a workout
yeah mine yeah give mine yo so much
chocolate son so much I give my
chocolate my chocolate know you'll get
my chocolate there's got so much okay
I'm serious I'm not joking my jaw that's
not this give our chocolate tell them
how cold it is right now some how cold
it is right now I just feel feels like
Antarctica lik what you guys on what the
heck yeah a little bad better than go
after you go
so basically we're gonna go down onto
this water walk replicating that people
do all around the world to see it clean
water so
that's what we did we just had to do a
replicate it was like like miles just to
get clean water um they have to travel
so long to get water and for us like we
should be thankful because water
I can't really hear them no I'll get
into the more food and we just walked
like a couple feet but in reality they
walk really really long like freakin
miles and miles and water the drink is
assignment plate orders really dirty
ones always be thankful guys we're the
billboard of Time Square
ya know what ya know so uh scream as
loud as you can
I feel me I'm just keep us out as I
can't even do it yeah how are you I
don't know you
ah
Missy hi Seema see hi
tell them are you sad tell them are you
sad
you're sad because you can't go outside
right now it's too cold and it's late
it's ten o'clock at night and you were
going to go outside you can't go outside
right now this is nighttime it's too
late for you to go outside it's past
your curfew Reema
I'm sorry do you forgive me you may kiss
do you have are you looking at me like
that leave I'm sorry I'm sorry you can't
go inside right now I'm sorry can't go
outside I'm sorry wow you look so cute
Reema why man your face like that you
look so cute no let's keep it keep it I
like how you look like that you look
cute
like whoa come on Nicki Minaj oh you
look cute like that no you put it on you
put her okay I'll get here I'll put it
on now you'll put it on okay yo so this
movie we're gonna watch it has the rock
in their roots Alma has between Johnson
that's the rock the rock is doing
Johnson Dumbo
that's a real name stupid you talk on
the spot
yeah this guy's so slow Dwayne Johnson
is the rock the rock is Dwayne Johnson
he said I'm never even explained I'm not
even explain it
the rock is doing Johnson I just give
voice to the Kim's way to the camera
stuff my idol if you mad amateurs I mean
amateur set up your circuits are you
Lita destroy give me the camera
I didn't hear a camera you say we ditch
or help these guys be Madame
nice after all I want as usual we have a
three-hour delay so we're going to chill
outside and so actually - are you look
up look up we have a two-hour delay so
we're gonna chill outside in Times
Square's for two hours and then come
back in which you saw me and mature man
yes guys Mac we're gonna get some soft
cookies and sneak in my bag and we're
gonna go to the movie theater with our
soft cookies and milk
here because if you buy it from from if
you buy anything from the movie theater
it cause like freaking 80 bucks it's
like if you buy a water bottle and a
popcorn it was like 20 to 50 that's how
they save money and let's try on a date
don't do that cuz then you look cheap
not even if you're on a date just bring
cookies for your house cake any anything
any snacks cake put her game back and
just go to the theater my boyfriend
right here his name is Johnny hi you
breaking up with me huh it's done excuse
me you can't breaking up with me like
that
we just had a facebook relationship we
just made it in a relationship became me
doing there like that huh
stop I'm breaking up with you he's my
new boyfriend you're my boyfriend
why can I get a hug wine oh okay bye
it's over
let's get double chocolate brown I might
move that word so I wasn't able to talk
about what for this one let us know
which what's your favorite kind of
cookies are you like oatmeal cookies do
you like milk chocolate dark chocolate
double chocolate brownie do you like tea
sugar deep doc do you even I like
cookies because if we don't like cookies
you just like sugar your mom you're not
living life so yeah you got a yoo-hoo
and I got some cookies put it on my bag
you out to the movie joke ready knock
knock who's there
you yoo-hoo you gotta get food
what is was he I'm crying isn't ours to
draw you he's corny right oh you're a
Brooklyn nuts man
yeah but yeah book all day nah man had
minimal acres the next man I put it he's
crazy
I always finish my food before the movie
starts hey I've been using crest
ProHealth I'm with my two brothers
Jake party tonight hey friends Oh Paris
that's good
where do you come from I'm from Middle
East's Arabic okay how how is it for
answers prayers it's good I want to go
there yeah it's fun I want to go this
you guys a your vacation yeah Thank You
vey keishon so so I stick fragile high
school oh good I got a 70 and Arabic
then yo let me know when I was talking
about girl
we also done our job
yo guys this is gonna be our side Yoho
my back so what are you sucker
right while we saw goodbye you you said
sorry you're out fight all y'all right
now
oh yeah each and every single one yeah
right now in front of the cop cop huh no
another that's that little kid I'm
not are you talking to my girl
he's talking to my girl man so what up
club your papa
olia boy you are in all the our beaches
every single one yet are your talks or
show me action son you show me actually
you show me some action son show me some
Oxbow show me some action come on come
on come on these guys all talk
dangle do-nothing son dumpy gonna jump
he's gonna jump me come on guys that's
how you get rid of dogs you try to act
like they're gangsters so you gotta do
man
Rema watching the Rema watching Rima
sorry this is a funny demo
demon okay rimas watchin Rima watching
Rima this is cool
I'll make a pattern like this stop hey
Megumi lets you screaming see how I do
you are you see how loud you are that's
when you hit my camera yeah I got I got
proof me I got proof when you hit me you
see that lets proof right there that is
proof proof don't you hit me
alright guys so it's time to wrap up
this vlog she wants mommy you know she
doesn't love me
alright guys it's time to wrap up this
flag and I just want to say that
Abdullah couldn't be in this flight
because his grandma passed away and I'm
so sorry to hear that
but he will be on this Wednesdays a si
dare Wednesdays we're gonna be making
our first a st. there Wednesdays this
one's if we're gonna make it last
Wednesday but we didn't because the
weather was so cold and it was snowing
and stuff like that so we're gonna start
it from this one if you guys haven't
checked out our new video the link is
below and if we get 2000 dumps up we
will go out and do a public disturbance
in new
York City and make sure you give this
vlog a thumbs up if you enjoy these
flags every Sunday so remember a sa day
Wednesday's this Wednesday if you
haven't checked out a new video go check
it out see you next Sunday for the vlog
and see you this Wednesday for a si
there Wednesdays make sure to give this
video a thumbs up thank you guys for
always coming through every week make
sure you subscribe to this channel so
because the ACA Wednesday's will be on
this channel and subscribe to our main
challenge have subscribed and we'll see
you guys this one thing
