say hi we've all lost voice sounds funny
what's wrong you wanna come walk up
yeah what do you want your lotion lima
hexie i you yeah so much thank you for
life
the get well wishes we miss feeling
better just a voice you just kind of
also voices adam came late I'm gonna be
eating with limbs didn't come yet okay
ha sees late I'm late
we're an outward for enemies and we're
eating some grilled chicken and I'm
Melissa big city big what so fun it's
called baked city legs give you some big
city and - yeah and I got grilled
chicken spaghetti advanced beginni and
some your anyone shit you eat a lot
Susie it's mine anyway yes what's up
pretty much
pretty man I've been reading
assalamualaikum someone agency to
another serious because I ever seen your
alley so we got the homie slim over here
up some application we got shake up put
here we're rehearsing five show and BMCC
and you know what's mad weird
yeah I go to BMCC imagine I'm gonna show
your own college you did how does that
though that's weird it's awkward you
guys it's true that's true so cream just
came right now and we already but the
show tomorrow ready cheerio oh do give
me to the big crowd I worry yo yo yo yo
chillin me John King you already know I
got school today I don't want to rob all
the time I don't do crime it's a good
boy I got Mega Man toys in my house you
could all rocks of laughs and I stash it
like a mouse yeah all right so we got
done rehearsing we didn't get to vlog as
much today but we have a lot of vines
and Instagram videos and my Instagram
and his vine his vine and she's gonna
upload nothing yeah make sure you check
out slims vine and creams vine or down
below my Instagram is down below 6
Instagram is down below happen so fast I
don't know the words
cuz I'm a directioner zippy Tommy
shush I get this kind of rush crazy
crazy crazy till we see the Sun I know
we only met but let's pretend it's love
and never yes my never stop or anyone
anyone
let's get some and live while we're
gonna live wanna go and choose you and I
were immature who cares and I'll be
doing so and not to the best you'll stop
stop this is John J mature one here
anybody goes to John J please don't
snitch on us always sneaking I swear
cause Richard goes stitches man you know
so I can make me look fat yeah why do
people say that it really doesn't never
meet you when girls say that it doesn't
make you look fat
you just think that
you understand our so desperately man
now you get to put your chest don't
fiery not judge you stop stop fighting
yo yo chill yo yo chill yo damn boo yeah
you're gonna call the cops Church of Cho
Cho Cho sure what's up so what we good
nosy taxi general ok make love make love
make love three times yeah YouTube man
they call the cops three times and no
cuffs or here they eaten much they eat
their Dunkin Donuts of the day behind me
as you can see is three cars that has
been hit by each other witness here we
have a big bucket that has been going
through can you in the situation
oh yeah I just been usin the light and
get ball Kilauea
no response witness to say victim was
just sitting down waiting for the light
when a car hit her from the back how
many times did he call the cops twice
the last half hour and they didn't come
I ain't gonna send somebody Wow I'm
gonna censor there's a recent frosting
two blocks away but they have not came
in the past 30 minutes look this car in
that car become a traffic there is down
there laser
that was shaker card from a nice big
city
today's rent is gonna be about age
differences and relationships what I'm
about to say is my opinion it's I'm not
talking in behalf of anyone who just saw
on behalf of me it's what I feel I feel
that age is not that important in
relationships it's it's because I
believe people it's the mentality and
the behavior and it's the maturity that
counts like if there's a girl who's
who's actually 21 for her mentality to
her mind is of a 17 year old and there's
a guy who's 18 and his mentality is of a
21 year old that would be a good couple
that's just an example that would be a
good couple because people in the
streets and I must stop you and say oh
what's your age you're too young for him
you're too old then I don't say that
it's it's what they can see it's what
you show them like if like if the guy he
acts like a little kid while the girl
isn't the girl is very mature it just
you know it's just it doesn't work out
it's supposed to be like both mature or
the guys would be the manliest one the
relationship that's what matters it's
about what society sees you at but for
marriage it's a different story
the guy can be 28 and the girl coming 21
day seven years apart but that seven
years say they didn't get married they
would they're dating that seven years
would look awkward like the 20 year old
28 year old old guy dating a 21 year
when choosing someone it don't choose by
age choose by maturity level and choose
by choose by the mindset because that's
what that's what really matters the most
because that's what counts
it's all about year
and here I think the decide all right in
here can can a celebrity or can someone
famous or someone on YouTube marry
someone art or date one of their fans
yes they can love can happen anytime
anywhere with anyone like you can you
can be anyone and you can still get grab
the attention of someone somewhere
beginning that's the death spirit of
love alright I'm not a Love Guru I don't
know much about love but everything I
know I I I'm saying this video
everything I feel everything I expressed
is in this video so don't take it to
heart if if if there's something you
disagree not comment below you can
comment anything you want it won't
affect me it just
it'll just you know I just want to know
your ideas on on what I said so hope you
guys enjoyed that's the end of the vlog
if you guys enjoyed get this video a
thumbs up
go biryani on the lights remember after
the show next is New Jersey next Monday
November 18th if you guys live around
the area this is your perfect chance to
meet us this is your perfect chance to
come to us hope to see most of you guys
they I don't have nothing else to say
except the fact that right now it's 12
p.m. I mean am 12 a.m. right now
everyone's sleeping and I'm like talking
about a lot right now but hello and
that's a wrap
