hey guys what's up right now we're at
creams crib about the start of you now
and mean shape for the first time I'm
gonna be with this you and I see what up
what is up guys week really going on
right now I don't know something just a
talent show going on close Got Talent
and uh come on hubby was wrong with you
this is our turn you had your this is
this this is just waiting to that guy
leave man because I was with schedule
we're scheduled for at 5 o'clock so that
guy just stole that spot so that's why
we're just like what the hi what's going
on here I said we just got down alright
so we just got done with the you now and
it was crazy awesome thank you guys all
of you guys for coming through and
showing a lot of love we got this nigga
again what happen what oh my god oh my
snake is alive it's my pet snake right
there like oh yeah like it was actually
very cool
alright shut up - Chad it's a Queens mom
were using for giving us a lot of food
and stuff so yeah cream mom so much if
you're watching this shout out to you
Oliver for all the food you know you you
are an amazing mom and yeah look what
she did was amazing she goes public
look Rashid in the food tell me the
difference homemade food is the best
food
she put simulated DC super peppers with
him and mines you know that I don't like
peppers she did it for no clever man so
yeah you'll go look at my last Ritu you
on Twitter your face my face yeah shakes
face on Twitter was my foot like that
just like that huh you see what I have
to deal with this is my best friend
right here uh-huh
right now playing spider-man spider-man
shave cream oh please
sake yeah I wanna be spider-man it's not
fair this was the behind the scenes of
our Instagram video we did an Instagram
video on my Instagram and it was about
how our Saturday night parties go down
so if you guys want to go check it out
then I don't know go check out our
history I chose to be alone my be below
this male looks like he got folded and
it was in the peel box it says airmail
pod I'll be on pot off yarn is that
Spanish yeah I think it is Spanish and
this guy a huge shout-out to nedra Fitri
from Singapore you are amazing you guys
are everywhere and it just I appreciate
everything I will get me given shake the
letter and this is by far the coolest
bracelet we've ever got right here look
it says T true s for story and a si this
isn't me then I got like sick wings this
is sick thank you so much nada and we
got shoelaces it's a joke share hug
butwith and we got more bracelets
I sold today's rant it is about
something that pisses me off the thing
that pisses me off is doctors and other
big office is like why do they why do
they make you make appointments when
when you don't get called in on time
like the other day I had an appointment
at 3:20 p.m. so I go there 3:15 trying
to be early and I sign my name and
everything I have a seat but they call
me in inside the ruminal that they call
me in at 4:30 like I was legit in the
room for over an hour in the waiting for
over an hour
like what's the point if you're gonna do
that why make an appointment why can't
just walk in and sign your name is sit
down why make him go through the
appointment process it cousin
oh hi can I make an appointment for
tomorrow at 4:30 like what is the point
of all that these dot disease law
offices these big offices they gotta
understand that no this is this is
affecting our patients like like when
you make an appointment it's like a VIP
ticket to the office like what's like
once I walk in I should just
have all rights to go inside the room in
this wait two seconds till the doctors
comes in why do I have to go and sit
down like the other walk in the other
people that walked in and sit down like
why am I on the same level as my main
appointment I have more rights than them
but that's an issue that should be
solved as soon as possible so as soon as
I become president one of the stuff I
have to fix hi guys so it's time to wrap
up this vlog we have to cut this black
kind of short couldn't get some Rhema
action today because she is not feeling
good and I didn't want to bother her
like that
so yeah and I want to tell you guys a
couple news that we have and we kind of
repeated what we had for the events in
New York and New Jersey so we have four
events for events four shows that we're
gonna have this month of November for
the a sa we out tour and the first one
is at New York
November 13th at BMCC College so if
anybody is from New York it's free
because when I go in there the
information is on our Twitter's with the
picture thing means November 18th is New
Jersey P CCC college it's in Paterson
New Jersey cost $5 at the door and I
don't think that's much just five bucks
for guys wanna come come through if you
live in New Jersey area
we haven't had a show in New Jersey so
this is our first time performing in New
Jersey so come through and then we have
Montreal on November 22nd and then
Ottawa and November 23rd and we will
give you more information on that soon
once we're done with the New York and
New Jersey event we're so excited to see
you guys if you guys come through and I
promise you guys you guys will have a
great time if you do come so make sure
you get your butt's and come and I
wanted to say thank you guys so much for
over 4 million views in just 5 days in
our new video that is crazy we got
contacted by Good Morning America the
show Good Morning America and yeah
some of you guys may know because we
told you guys I'm new now and they told
us they were interested in the the fried
pickup video and that they seen our
other videos and they liked our other
videos and stuff and they wanted to ask
us more questions about us and about
ourselves and we'll let you guys know
when they're gonna air it and I really
hoping for them
to even try to get us on the show there
too so yeah you never know what happens
and seriously and I would love for
everything and I just think a lot first
of all for everything and I think my
family and my best friends and my
friends for everything and thank you
guys so much for making everything
happen and it's all them anymore success
to come in the future remember always
stay humble work hard never stop don't
stop what you do and yeah see you guys
tomorrow sorry that the vlog was kind of
short and yeah make sure you give this
video this video a thumbs up and go
turkey one streamer feels better and
that's what I'm gonna feel better so
yeah
