so much shakes house right now and his
mom is seriously the sweetest she gave
me what is a club with roti and what
roti and curry and it tastes bangin so
thank you so much to shake and Adam woke
up late he's eating lunch and breakfast
eating cereal and lunch this is how I do
hey guys what's up you guys didn't
notice I'm wearing the same clothes
because I just stepped over his house
and I'm a bum I was the same clothes and
yeah I mean I took a shower though so
and I got my neck hurts because this
dude over here had to take the good the
good pillows and he gave me the wax
alone it wasn't why it was very
comfortable
oh that pillow was so hard my neck - it
seriously hurts I'm not even lying what
kind of broke my neck
alright guys right now we're just
chilling in the city and we'll part my
probably to go shopping some shake
weight shake weight you know what I like
about his name like like I don't know
what he's like somewhere that I'm like
shake weight sounds like shake weight
shake we are you a naturally poor near
do you have to work on it are you like
do you want milkshake milkshake do you
want milkshake milkshake do you want
milkshake brings all the boys to the
yard
damn right like are you from Harlem
shake
are you apology I dare shake to go
inside sleepies and go sleep in the bed
dear well I don't care I just ran the we
do you randomly select selects it to do
it there so go and sleep peas and go go
go sleep don't let them down sleep for
two minutes I go
all right just go please with it I'm
gonna give you a milkshake when you do
it let's go
this workers over there
Oh Security's coming right there it's
doing it I don't know I'm just recording
it city huh party see well I think the
biggest lollipop I've seen hey yo what
the hell yo who the hell do you remember
we had ones that I friends get was this
this thing is big shiny that fi eating
it
what the hell a yo
feathers purple thingy without Sigma sub
me please aah smack II know that we
humming shake shake shake ya shake shake
I'm outside yeah good shake shake if you
gonna go give me hello I got away
moustache jeez how you doing I'm good
you have a vinaigrette sir do you Herman
yeah but I have this friend that I
haven't told you guys about even Adam
doesn't know about who his name is
wasn't there Capello hi capella
what's up man once again we're at Urban
Outfitters the courage store I'm Adam
Salah
because we're shopping and shopping
relieves that stress so we're just gonna
shop till we drop
ready Nevernever chat with Adam age it
takes so long in the shopping never
shopped with shake he's the guy that
always rushes you and that's the most
annoying guy I'm rushing a husband
you're like the wife
what the hell so guys so some
video games this this system that you
get haven't seen this has been around
for a couple years not a lot of people
body's called a n59 it's actually pretty
fun I always go play you guys like a
joke I'm not at now home right now I'm
actually waiting for Adam while he goes
he's ran out in the frame of he's
changing I'm actually inside some other
place I'm in Urban Outfitters while Adam
changes I am so freaking mad right now
because I just deleted a video by
accident of Rima and Deena together I
swear I was like 2 a.m. right now and I
was deleting trash from from space from
my laptop and I had the cutest frickin
video of Rima picking up Dina and Remos
kissing and stuff and just oh well I'm
so pissed off if you guys ever see me
you can smack me I don't care you could
smack me so hard and cuz I freakin
deserve it and I'm a frickin dumb boy
gosh man and I finally got them together
once but oh well everything happens for
a reason I'll just do it next time yeah
I just wanted to say thank you guys so
so so much for almost at 2 million views
in two days and a Ferrari pickup prank
video and this is insane I just wanted
to thank you guys once again for all the
love and support and for getting us here
and just I don't know just I'm
speechless as soon as he's done with
hell to say it appreciate it so much to
every single one of you who subscribed
to this channel and who subscribe to my
channel you guys seriously mean a lot
and we hate we do have a lot of new
videos coming soon so stay on the
lookout for that
we'll keep you guys updated I don't know
videos and what will it be about soon I
was thinking of a prank we should do on
vine so I don't really use vine like
that but I was thinking we're gonna do
this alright so this is a vine prank all
of you guys have to be involved in this
we're gonna prank the whole vine
community I'm gonna put up a vine today
around six seven pm of me lip singing to
to Zayn Malik actually singing and we're
all gonna make it seem like it was
really me so you you're all gonna
comment make sure when you comment on it
you say oh my god your voice is like
crazy oh my god just like just just
we're gonna prank the whole vine
community and we want to see if if
people will fall for it and I want to
see people gonna come and fall for it so
if you guys are down to do with me down
to prank the whole vine I think we can
all do it if you all come together and
do so 6-7 p.m. vine I'm gonna make the
singing thingy so realistic that I'm
actually gonna look like I'm singing it
so make sure you guys revine as much as
you can and like as much you can comment
as much as you can
I don't really use vine like that so you
could just go turkey on the vine for
this vine I don't really use like that
mutually on Instagram because mean it's
not a relationship but yeah let's do
this
fine we got this prank and a whole vibe
community today so I put it tweet up
asking you guys to give me topics ran
about and one of you guys said arrange
manage so I'm gonna do something I'm
going to talk about random Erickson
first of all what is the arranged
marriage it's when it's a wedding or
marriage that is set by your parents or
guardian or someone for the groom and
wife what I think of arranged marriages
is that I don't think it's a bad thing
because the reason was the reason is
because arranged marriages they start
off like you don't know this person this
person is completely anonymous or not
anonymous but this person is completely
random and after your wedding you take
every single day and every single week
and year to get to know this person
better well I know this person more you
want to know who he who he or she is
more you wanna you know build upon that
love day by day but if you're married in
love you ignore this person your your
house is already built your love is
already built so after marriage you
don't have nothing to build upon because
he's already he or she you already know
all about this person you know how his
fart smells you know how he is you know
how she is you know everything about it
so like you know you you can't build
upon something that's already built so
that's why some of the love marriages
are most of them in America and stuff
they don't last because because after
their you know everything about him they
start arguing but arranged marriage
there they take they keep knowing day by
day more stuff no more new stuff come
they just build upon that love that's
what arranged marriage is last longer
than love America this is proven in
South Asian countries like Valdes
Pakistan India and other countries in
the Middle East and stuff is proven that
arranged marriages actually last longer
then love married I don't prefer
arranged marriages but what I do prefer
is that before prior to the wedding
prior to their marriage before accepting
to it you have to know the person and
see if this person
fits what you're looking for is if
you're willing to spend the rest of your
life and can spend the rest of your life
with this person you have to plan that
out just get the main point and then
after marriage build upon that so that's
what I think about being married and
everyone has different opinions but this
is my opinion so if you guys want other
brands or any other topic just comment
below or tweet to me and I'll do it
tomorrow
this box is heavy this is Adam Saleh and
share a bud oh my goodness is this
chocolate Wow okay so whoever sent this
is really crazy you guys oh my goodness
OMG a huge huge shout out from three
amazing young ladies from the UK
Manchester they go by the names of newer
orphan a Russa ramen and Fela
cosa I really hope we get to meet you
guys when we go to the UK because you
guys are absolutely amazing and you guys
are so damn dedicated and I'm so mad
because you guys waste so much like
money to do all this like what the heck
I'd even know what's am speechless man
you guys are just amazing with the
chocolate with earrings these are Rema
Rema is gonna love these so much and
yeah the bracelets me shake you're gonna
get bracelets and chocolate and you guys
seriously I didn't have to buy chocolate
anymore or candy or anything you guys
got me a life supply of chocolate and
thank you guys so much because I truly
from the bottom of my heart I enjoy
eating all these chocolate like I I
watched lay down and watch movies and
eat the chocolate you guys send me every
single day like all of my life I'm not
lying I eat these chocolates you guys
send me every single day and I enjoy
every minute of it so thank you so much
guys so much for watching this end of
life be sure to give this video a thumbs
up and go beyond what he was still in
life that's my line
the BMCC show in New York that we're
hosting the Flyers are out I will put
the flower on my Twitter I don't put it
put on his Twitter we'll put on our
fanpage Twitter and our fanpage on
Facebook and we hope to see most of guys
if you guys live around the area you
guys should come
if you guys live in New York and
tri-state area you guys should try your
best to attend we're gonna have so much
fun we're gonna have a blast we can we
hope you guys have a blast and after our
next show as you guys know is November
it's in New Jersey we don't have the
full details yet but will will inform
you when we have the detailed and then
show in November 23rd in Ottawa which is
in Canada we have the details the
details are below in the description box
be sure to click at end if you can
attend because every these three shows
get become a success we're hoping to go
to UK next some next month so all you
guys can make all this happen so yeah
cut the video because you messed up
thanks for watching and that's a wrap
peace
