so here it is
I'll forget like pitch to go an inch
joke so you wanna smoke that kicks you
won't be sick
hey birthday went good so far and I just
want to give a huge take you to Adam who
took me out today and gave me a blast
that everything was very fun
finally it's funny I'm not that excited
actually because because I'm one year
close to Ted closer to death but you
know it was a fun day and like Adam says
this whole week is my birthday so
hopefully I from the rest of the week
it's really cold and wet in here I got
mad coal I don't know where it's like
beautiful and I don't know why did you
came home but yeah I'm looking forward
to next birthday I'm looking for
tomorrow because tomorrow there's no
school selection out of your home I was
gonna come over and get that stand on
the plan I think I know here stuff you
guys didn't notice I have a new
hairstyle looks like this no but oh I
was gonna get a new hairstyle so he say
he's gonna get one he's in blonde he's a
even cheese being is telling me happy
birthday
cheese pink how does it on your birthday
really that's cool Thank You chase Nick
what did you read what what is that
Oh Quran Quran what is it
alright so we didn't vlog as much today
because we uploaded the video at 6 p.m.
today so if you guys haven't watched it
make sure you guys go check it out and
give it a thumbs up let's reach 10,000
thumbs up and let's reach over 100,000
views before today after 6 p.m. and
after that take our share to eat for his
birthday so that's what we could have
like as much but I wanted to talk to you
guys about some stuff people are saying
that woman can't drive in Saudi Arabia
and that it's not allowed and it's
against a lot of something well I don't
know if it's true or not but if it is
true I think it's I think women and men
they deserve equal rights I've been to
Saudi Arabia and it's a beautiful
country it's an amazing place to walk
around to smell fresh Air's it's it's an
amazing place to be at you can't judge
people of what they're doing some people
are just going around saying oh wow
Islam is not not letting women drive
they're so sexist so they're so this and
that but yeah I'm just saying this off
top man because I'm just saying my
opinion is stuff because Saudi society
people are really nice and amazing
people and you can't just judge them
straight up like that saying saying that
you know they're maybe they have a
reason for not letting women drive maybe
because a lot of men out there or
rapists or maybe they're they're just so
rich there that all the women have a
driver have a guy driver or something
like I don't know but in my opinion I
seriously think that you know women and
men they deserve equal rights and I
think that women deserve the right to
drive that's that's what I just think
you guys tell me your comments below
what you guys think though I must say
the whole Middle East or Muslims are
going
saying that woman can't drive because I
see a lot of people saying saying that
my whole family drives and and most of
them are women that drive so don't ever
try to put us like that homie all right
man I just hate when people trying to
judge us everything when one thing
happens it's just a part of a culture
and you had a respect that you know some
people have different types of culture
and that's all I wanted to say like you
guys care about what I say but I'll see
you guys tomorrow
soon so stay up I'm going to shake scrip
tomorrow I might sleep over his house
and he's telling me when I go to his
house I have to dress formal I have to
be dressed up to go to his house he said
no hat
he said no hoodies no headphones and I
going is house nigga shakes a letter we
just got a letter
we just got oh my goodness do I see
chocolate letter lmg it's Maltesers
treat bag and it says one is that one
pounder one euros who is this from sis -
Adam don't forget smile please I always
smile and please read bismillah one
first
all right bismillah now you got me all
worried what's going on I said bismillah
really enough hello Adam hello Heba you
really are the best youtuber I know and
I have so much respect for you and Cher
I love you so much of the videos on
insta - I just finished reading this
long letter and I didn't get bored when
I was reading this whole letter cuz you
guys are so amazing and so interesting I
know you guys cuz you guys have been
supporting us since day one since back
when we had one or two videos on the
main channel so you guys mean so much
and thank you so much Heba for this
amazing picture and thank you so much
for the chocolates you are amazing and
this picture is beautiful I'm gonna hang
it up my room and mom's gonna question
to me she's like gonna be like who is
that your guttural phlegm
I think the letters are the most cutest
things you guys ever do because whenever
I'm on a train ride or airplane ride
it makes time pass by fast because I
read all your letters and they're just
amazing the fact that you guys write so
much cute stuff and I also read this
letter
Zarah from London and it's crazy because
oh you guys from London I'm pretty sure
the other hippos in the Netherlands
because I know cuz I know my dummies and
I know where you guys are from and this
letter touched my heart Zara and always
know that I do love you and I do miss
you so much and hopefully I do meet all
of you guys in London or hopefully we
get to go to a lot of cities and to meet
you guys all even out there then love
another another Netherlands
alright you so much for always taking
the time out to show us a lot of love
and support or truly meet so much and I
can't thank you guys are more than
enough so yeah now it's time to eat
chocolate at the end of the block be
sure to give this video a thumbs up and
go first of all think of all for the
love you can give me today for my
birthday and every other day that you
guys been supporting me and you know
showing me that I have people behind my
back so thing guys so much for that yeah
we also had a new video that came out on
our main channel if you guys didn't
watch it the link will be in the
description box below be sure to get
that video thumbs up this video is kind
of something different we really never
actually did kind of this kind of stuff
it's actually a social experience you
know a couple of events coming up this
month first one is November 13th we have
in BMCC which is in New York
November 18th we have one in New Jersey
it's in a college called PCC see and we
have another one November 23rd in Ottawa
Canada the event the Facebook event for
that is in the description box below
and we're trying to get as many people
as we can so if you live around the
Ottawa area be sure to come as I said
description has the link for the
Facebook event so looking forward to see
a lot of you guys there and that's it
that's a wrap peace
