hey guys what's up at doing the gang I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy then do me
gang I'm about to take the city bike had
to go meet up with the homie slim McKee
and what cause I haven't seen them for
so so long especially slim slim I miss
you so much
here are besties you're back from Canada
I'm gonna see you in the next shop the
Seaboard one one one 304 hey buddy come
on I want CCD bikes oh yes a lot like
that as a cupcake
they do McGee I seriously do not know
how I'm gonna blog hold my camera and
drive three miles right now it's all
good nut I'm a professional idiots once
you get going it's a proud the lights
aren't even working kind of traffic is
this oh my god I made it man traffic is
crazy in New York City right now if I
don't care I know it says London traffic
is the worst London is even above me
following you can you give me a ride to
Union Square right we're running the
bike leaving the corner no no dog I'm
going Adam stop
oh my god I'm a hit taxi taxi you y'all
traffic you hit buddy guys do not ever
vlog and ride a bike it's really
dangerous but I got this I'm used to
like suing I was like ten
no hands no hands no hands whoa no way
oh my god guys already went one mile and
a half have another mile and half to go
I'm feeling good I just want to make
everyone smile today man
I want to make everyone smile today not
see it's mom and a high five my man
Hajime thank you have a good David
following this guy now I'm driving in
one hand wanna race doing race ready
fire State Building Wow hi guys I'm like
five minutes away and I know this is
really really weird but slim told me
he's also five minutes away but this is
the weird part I can see his location I
do not know why I promise you guys I'm
not a stalker but it still says he's in
Brooklyn so this means he's like 20
minutes away
slim you are not five minutes away when
I see you I got you cuz look at this
he's still in Brooklyn right there yup
and that slim sleeping yeah
Oh God yeah well I wanted so much for
you guys well sis almost got hit by a
car a motorcycle miss me why don't you
blow up on the bike I don't know man
there's a lot of traffic so I have to go
through it I missed you Bella
I miss you too vulgar would you tell me
you said you were like five minutes all
right but now look I know it's kind of
weird kind of slugar but I have your
location on it five minutes away
you're 20 minutes away I think your
location is on say well look everyone
can see you look to old friends to see
locations to the strip club there like
something oh I want to know how you take
it I want to get a tattoo you're saying
a dummy game but I don't know
you already got all you can handle this
is sick oh he's a real even got partner
in crimes there look
yeah Andre says you know Jiro everybody
puts Adam today I'm like download all
you can handle on iTunes my baby bro you
have to download it right now and I try
to get down there right now iTunes okay
but first let me take a picture
pity you know say you gotta pay the
price
I don't know we're gonna go see someone
money takes do you know money kicks
let's go see you hi guys so this is the
next day my camera kind of got messed up
something's wrong with the focus I kept
on bumping on the bike and stuff so I
gotta fix it
baby weights today the Adams family were
going to go see money kick he just came
from Dubai I believe this today he's
going to put a rego to represent Dubai
the UAE so he can go help out and put a
Rico which is a dope dope thing he is in
New York City right now he always looks
out for me in Dubai so if he's in New
York City I gotta bring the whole Adams
family to him so it's gonna be really
really fun I don't care that's because
isn't my car oh by the way guys I have
something to talk to you guys about some
people bullying by nephew Jamaat so I
might speak about out of tomorrow right
now Tony I might speak about it tomorrow
or the day after tomorrow because this
is not a cool thing to do especially
when you're little older than him you
guys do not know yes he's on video yes
he's known to stuff but don't forget
he's 8 years old and he's a baby man do
you know here you know see please
to the police no how are you gonna see
what's his name
tell the Remo cupcake it's so weird
having the camera this close man usually
I keep it like this what's out of focus
I gotta keep it like this oh my god
but money cakes told me to meet him
right at the babe store and the crazy
thing is I'm wearing babe so yeah buddy
I'm Matt Mira Hey
dumi gang i'm with the homie Mawson
right here so i need to tell you guys
something my freaking camera lens broke
so if you guys noticed in the past
couple minutes of the vlogs is kind of
blurry
that's because earlier in the vlog when
I was riding the bike the camera fell I
didn't think it broke but then it did
break after I went to the camera store
so I ended up buying a new lens but I
think after this I'm gonna buy brand new
camera are you gonna give me a brand new
camera yeah yeah give me money but
anyways you do me yeah I just want to
tell you guys to spread smiles because
this lady today she came to me she was
like wow you have some beautiful teeth
and you have gorgeous gorgeous hair
honey see it made her smile and it made
me smile so I felt like wow that lady
just you know made me smile so let me go
around and make other people smile and
spread it so I want you guys to do me
gang so go around and just make anyone
smile by doing anything I don't know
compliment what yeah what do you want
you want attention you do you want
attention yeah yes okay but yes to do me
getting I want you guys to spread smiles
and spread love what what's that
let me see you the puzzle piece yeah
can we eat it yeah watch this I'm gonna
eat it you ready
hey go I don't
and then I then
oh you are scared yeah I'm sorry I'm
sorry put the lollipop I mean I was
sticky it do me dang I know I probably
look like a mess but I have four
announcements to make right now so make
sure you guys pay attention I already
told you guys I'll be performing in
quoits
December 2nd 5 p.m. and this is the
first time ever I'm doing like an album
performance so quoits is pretty much
gonna be like a test kind of performance
which is pretty dope because I'm gonna
get to spend more time at you guys talk
to you guys a lot more tell you guys if
you guys enjoyed this the most if you
guys enjoyed that the most so quoits
you guys are gonna let me know how it go
you can get your tickets to Adam solid
worldwide and talking about Adam solid
worldwide I'm gonna talk about the
second announcement we're selling the
chapter to merge it is super super
exclusive only 200 of them are available
but the thing is only the people in the
UK can get to chapter 2 merch where
we're supposed to sell the chapter to
emerge in London but the chaos and
everything that went on we're now
selling it online so make sure you go
get your chapter 2 merch Adam sila
worldwide calm my nose is so rad I look
like Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer I've
been sneezing all day dirty now Smith
Dubai I will not be performing but I'll
be showing up for a fan love to
celebrate the chapter 2 album adieu me
getting all the info is right here make
sure you guys come through and have fun
and the last announcement is about Ania
if you guys do not know who and I is
Ania is Nasus daughter and we are doing
something big something really really
big for 1finity
Naya is about to be signed to infinity
she'll be releasing her own YouTube
channel tomorrow at 1 p.m. New York City
time she's gonna be doing a show for
like little kids from the ages of 0
years old to like 5 6 years old
so if you guys have any family members
and want them to watch something really
dope make sure you let them watch
Anaya's
toy show and go subscribe the link is
down below
at night to be killing it on YouTube so
I hope you guys enjoy it go subscribe
and I'll see you guys in the next shot
with Mawson anyways adieu me gank that's
the theme of today to spread smiles just
like how a surprise Reema my whole
family to see money kicks and do me
getting thank you so much I love you
guys remember October 22nd you can
preorder chapter 2 October 29 it comes
out
Mawson say peace peace I love you guys
take care no face I love you I'm gonna
put us on the right track you I said
baby imma put us on the right track and
turn it's only one you wanna roll
through through I remember when I told
you told you I don't want to show you
