so you're here in LA and we're here in
la Ronn our way to the meet and greet in
LA and it is pretty hot here the weather
is awesome
here sit what's up let's shake see
what's up shop see what up yo yo yo me
up say what up
what kind of late because you know take
so long and it three hours before so it
smells really nice moment nicer and I
suppose like fish fish is good I know
fish supposedly makes you smart the
summary sit we didn't know where to
answer from the movie theater we don't
know if it's inside or outside over here
what's your name Tammy Tammy you live in
LA or ya Billy Oh Leila lots of loves
you got to love - Tammy yeah Thomas okay
my name is muslimah oh swag yeah right
now we're here with what was your name
Farah
sada and Tracy and Oh Tracy and what I
am here and Miriam yeah they just came
through and once again we made a mistake
we went to a different entrance like
half for me but I went oh thank you so
much they came from our way so thank you
guys so much you guys gonna be the block
so sing what's up give a shout out to
deliver your baby funny
to talk about it Oh shake singing for
fans and shout out to Muslims should
give us a present you didn't have to go
but it looks like a lot of cold a lot
candy no no no for you got and I'm not
sharing her I'm just joking with you oh
my god you gave so much Katie you gonna
have attended like he's gonna give us
cavities
thank you so much the Muslim and Tammy
I'm sorry and I wanted to walk of fame
here in LA and look what they sell no
I'm show them what they say I'm in
charge you know if I wanted to be with
the league right now I am pretty much as
Manjit got a green screen and they can
make me look for ya cuz I they both they
sell photoshopped pictures with it with
celebrities it's like crazy without like
look the Photoshop place with Kobe
Bryant this Photoshop this guy's footage
up in there the melt it's like they get
paid to photoshop their picture in their
eye with the help mama
David got hello there they got little
Wayne we got Justin Bieber this
photoshopped is not really them there so
it's a crazy thing
next up soon we're gonna have me
Photoshop six of Sean with grease right
here you know
Ricky Martin
hi
Will Smith and Tom got the same size
shoe
let me see movies Yoona same size shoe
got it
oh he's like halfway let me see my
oh you have a way back Michigan see my
hands way bigger in Michael can you come
here see I
Podolski mom and Michael Charlie 3000 I
thought my Michael Jackson I'm gonna
just beat it
okay I'm just gonna beat it
don't answer
Michael kitty dance can you show us that
you're real can you moonwalk thank you
I'm here chillin my homie what's up
Jenny oh yeah huh oh yeah his name is
Adi yet yeah I just made a new friend in
Hollywood I'm making new friends way
from from Hong Kong Hong Kong oh nice
from Hong Kong shout out to Hong Kong
kangaroo kid yeah what up yo that was
really weird man
do this hey do you guys remember chapter
challenge me that I should sleep with my
eyes open
yeah I put sunglasses on well I'm sorry
you should have your eyes over there try
to scare me a cream ran up to me shake
his boot shake shake end up getting
scared this dude doesn't get scared like
nothing doesn't scare but we got at dawn
well the Colorado cuz yeah I guess it's
a Paki thing Peggy's all your skin is
akin to this is the gardener shirt is
the guns are you still gonna get scare
watch everybody here is cats for
Halloween like even guys are cat I'm not
to be a cat to see I'm not whining elder
to be as all that hype that I thought it
was good I like it but I mean I don't
think I really care you like that
finding cats everywhere me up he's a cat
zulan she's a cat we're finding a lot of
cats here in LA so since everybody was a
cat I decided to be a cat too they
didn't want to be cats I think I was
gonna be cat I'm ready or not I can't be
shagging the lion
oh good lion yeah then he's a lion whoa
whoa yeah oh he person I'm gone oh my
god
well Batman right now he's shown that
I'm a cat say cheese
our Supremes gonna pretend to be famous
right now Shawn is going to pretend to
be the security guard
we're the fans over here we're gonna see
what's up and how it goes we guys ready
- one - okay go get a picture please
could we get a picture we're gonna guess
huh of the finger he sings with the mob
was I've been called you think was a
band would you know what notion he sings
with their managers featuring cream go
there you go show the picture please
guys get set
got a few Thank You organ singer
actually from London there's a really
huge singers hanging on LA yeah you know
I'm I don't you get a picture I get a
picture for get a pic together yeah I'm
I wait for my wife right now back
or your captain ha what kind of music
English music it's like the biggest one
of the biggest singers
nice you can see oh my God he's so lucky
I couldn't get it I'll nab the picture
I'm had a video yeah how do you mean him
you gotta - yeah how do you like I saw
and we saw the people like organs are
many so lucky yeah I guess anybody can
be famous here in Hollywood and lru The
Bodyguard are you good all use one
bodyguard you good one person no people
my guy so it's time to wrap up this flag
we're back home it is back to the hotel
it is 1 a.m. right now tomorrow we're
going back to Vegas then I thought I
will back to New York City so thank you
so much to the west coast you guys are
amazing we love children here in West
Coast you guys have some amazing food
amazing weather but I'd only love to be
here for a vacation
no we're such East Coast people and and
inside
I think what's cost is just for a good
for a vacation and stuff I would wanna
people will say la la
I don't la isn't isn't as special with
New York is suck ten times now a
thousand times better so we experience
it all so I feel really sick yo shake
new control know what no is that what
that they gotta pick it up because I'm
good job okay I scared shake though I
got oh you did that all of a scared chic
holic room you got a pickle I help you
good hi guys thank guys for showing a
lot of love remember go Turkey go cuckoo
and go biryani you guys are amazing at
that see you guys tomorrow
peace
member
