good morning ladies and gentlemen I mean
ladies lady and gentlemen and Hans Lima
if you guys don't know this is our view
that we have from Las Vegas and it is
beautiful
I might actually looks way better at
night right now it looks nice because
you can see the lines mountains and
stuff you see it looks like so country
looks pretty cool and over there I don't
know what's there now we're going to
Criss Angel's houses show no we're not
first we're gonna go save those houses
hotel no this is where he did one of his
illusion bring it yeah oh you want me
walked over the pool so Chris ninja
walked up with his pool and some that's
his hotel right there apparently he
lives in there too
your wife recording my hotel it's not
your hotel he lives in that he lives in
that hotel yeah
Chris hey Joe Chris yeah I have my ways
are you lost are you lost my voice man
who's singing too much a soldier man yet
to do his music video in the cold
physical it was just blowing he's like
yeah shakes he is walking in the rack
ready yeah today have fun yeah you know
I have another headphones on I can you
take it off our behind out in front of a
fool crystianna's chris angel once when
walked over so it's great yeah
I'm pretty sure it's fake we walked over
is like little stuff inside obviously
magic is not real
Matt are used to magics not really are
you dumb
I swear this leave in the comments below
magic ice cream so she could get more
scared let me I'm white one Oh watch it
bag no I don't want this when the same
hotel so you better sleep with two eyes
open you're walking into the people
around welcome this is how it looks from
inside like it's like footsteps like
that's sick okay we're there is the
casino place but we don't even go near
there when I'm an old enough to go there
and if we all don't have to go there I
don't get the point of people doing
casinos because that's just stupid I
think is - no question of people do
casinos or stuff but I'm down to bother
people who doing the casinos argue
and we got Oh
Adam thinks he's in the music video
nezam
Jay Carney
this
cancer come on so hello Cujo the gal is
creepy
boom believe is Justin Bieber's album
it's not your show man with the help but
I still don't mind watching the show all
right so we've read the head out to the
Christine Rose show but before that he's
about to propose to share oh my god
here opposes her to him why you're
cheating on her but what I am doing I am
it looks way better shake Jenna right up
on me ready for the show yeah yeah okay
what what the car looks at night looks
way better
boy ed is sick I don't know but I just
think this is solo Menotti I'm so sorry
for saying this and I'm so scared of
saying it I don't know I'm saying this
but this stopped acting this is so
Illuminati do you guys think in this
alumina why they get food here from the
hotel give a fancy and they have like
300 dishes Japanese food Mexican food
Chinese food Italian food every type of
food and he got what would've though see
a lot of desserts in every 380 ready
they got red velvet it's like her hair
yeah like red velvet
oh my goodness this is why I'm here roof
flour the ramp
we're trying to air fight him hey guys
wait did you know that I'm hey I'm shaky
I'm Tim and say and I'm Tim cuckoo
so see you soon cuckoo are eating cookie
yeah poor sprout cuckoo Ryder hey damn
you guys work hard man
damn shake how much is that five pounds
damn flat phone damn shake I got to get
that Kim Kardashian the book about to
get interesting right now folks as I
need two more random spectators from the
audience laughter this time you have a
bowl of uncomfortable papers right over
here
for the exception of these two which
have my logo ITC will be crumbled up as
well and into the bowl I will toss them
all out there to you if you happen to be
one of the two to catch with the logo we
got the Ferrari Italia four five eight
and we're filming a video for it and our
main shot Montresor ESA is gonna be
crazy yes I know we try to see if girls
would actually go for who you are or for
the car so so yeah a lot of it lies yet
crazy look at girls they actually going
out and we have to have the car so I'm
gonna buy one that Arjun I'll be married
and proximately yeah that this should be
out soon a couple of days our week so
we'll keep you guys updated on that
follow us on Twitter to keep updated and
follow them on Twitter everything yo
guys all the Twitter's we below yeah so
this is the car that we're filming the
video with is actually a 2013 Ferrari
Italia four five eight it's only 60 cars
yo Jean it's 60 only 60 cars of this way
and we're in the USA it's only 60 cars
of this in USA so yeah
imagine the reactions from like from
people
guys don't like that's what the company
is oh my god yeah it shot a lot they're
making morning shuttle on with all your
do I like nanny I was actually in the
app was getting mad because you know
girls were coming up to shop for the car
and I was like what the hell oh yeah can
I get a ride please not on your taxi guy
right here wait come back come back come
back
hi guys it's time to wrap up this vlog
we just got here in LA here with Sheikh
and Kareem and what's up guys has gone
so you seem on your wife stay tuned for
the video what the Ferrari is going to
be out soon and it's crazy we got some
crazy reactions it should be out in a
few days because we're gonna edit it and
we have a meeting great tomorrow in LA
west coast we want to see you there is
so much fun here the west coast so what
allows you say hola lousy no no Chrissy
oh okay no telling jokes is what I want
him it is what it was me not a lot when
I looked I saw a dark shadow on the list
oh my god can be stopped as one am Joe I
should say own people talk about scary
stuff is 1:00 a.m. chill man gosh
alright so when I wrap up the vlog
make sure you guys go turkey and go cook
like Eminem said Evan I said go cook and
go biryani and a thumbs up thank eyes
for the love and support and I hope you
guys oh yeah and I hope you guys enjoyed
these vlogs we'll see you guys tomorrow
stay up and peace
