we're gonna go ahead Ramon we're gonna
go on Emma we're gonna go out don't
worry I'm skipping classes to go I'm
just getting dressed let me get dressed
he closed it ago I don't worry we're
gonna go out
EEMA we're gonna go out don't worry I'm
getting dressed right now wait sweetie
what are you doing to the camera don't
hit the camera what'd he do you don't
hit the camera mom told you I'm gonna
take you out I told you I told you I'm
gonna take it to the park
so basically I just get my class I just
skipped my class to hang out with Rima
she kept on crying to me and I just I'm
gonna help in yeah one two three I was
scary
you fell off get this you need three
mother put your shoe back put your shoes
don't use it as a phone put your shoe
back on put your shoe back on
bless you but what are you doing
watch I'm gonna book how you doing
excuse me guys on the police are you
guys cutting school huh getting us a
wall what getting us to walk what to
play basketball mean Reema against
anybody over here
Oh
right
Oh
Oh
they come baby
do you guys see us it's us
I know crazy
oh my Allah oh this is cool
this is what you see in New York
guy no Cookie Monster so oh my god choke
on six like Janna bruh now you I gotta
be John around Shahrukh Khan oh yeah
wish Bianca
yeah
I'm sorry back Sam you accept nicely
items that we are kept on man you don't
you can do that one defender you're a
guy yeah
look at this I'm gonna eat all of it
right now yeah best cupcakes on earth
even though they're so small oh my gosh
baby let me get the jinchuriki first
hello Oreo first spin our Ocean Park
I swear these are the best freaking
cupcakes on earth it's just so small but
it tastes so freakin good oh my gosh
hallo
I shall love you I can't it doesn't make
me fosters to me like 100 it's from
baked by Melissa so if you guys ever
come to New York City there's a dirty
nose over 38 screaming 38th Street baked
by Melissa tastes so good
I can't be baked by atom or a pig for
fish make my shakin I don't matter live
a big bite your Soria say you think we
make business yeah I don't know about it
somebody go wrong we first time use
chopsticks I was like this I'm already
ready
I'd like this clumsy we CIA to first
like a idiot I go I you do no not right
yeah another chopsticks I would screw
this on O'Hara but you like this I was
doing no I have you know the floor go-to
for them
just piss me off yes huh yeah stop it
so I'm just an easy for like 30 times in
a row right now but I have a stuffy nose
I've been blowing my nose all day but we
got a question for you guys from me and
share Cutler the question is what kind
of weddings do you think are better our
weddings or desi weddings leave it in
the comment below let us know so it's
our weddings all the way you know you
have elements inside I got that
everything say what you want I'm running
away but we have better can't seem them
but I read the woman gets for the woman
and the man oh no now all of the very
most it was arrested a few times you
know our buddies we have we get crazy
get down get down that's what it is like
it's a lot of fun if it's not born
webbing to grab awesome food we have
pickled up cut belly dance and Desi
weddings I don't know me maybe do some
little Bunga
Oh remember Furman I wear Norway bear
how would you guys do I dress the way
better so why he wasn't cream whip in
hand on the blow we we're better had
never to think my you do your you've
never seen the air avoiding the
seriously our buttocks is way better I
end the discussion but you come with
everything is better leave in the
comment below let us know what weddings
do you think is better I don't know if
you experienced some of these the
weddings what do you think is better you
see me get down amazing you guys ready
to go lazy just we're now in front of
the globe in Toys R Us alright let's
look for I this is Africa show you guys
why I'm from Yemen right now Yemen
yeah oh yeah me right there you see it
this is Yemen Iraq Obama Tikrit I'll
live in Sun all right there in October
but we're from under somewhere into the
culture economic Bangladesh is thank you
see you oh my god
wasn't pretty
pounding oh wow found it looks like a
little piece of crumb I live I'll she
rarely write down and Salva Kiir haha
nice stuff and nothing that I look like
in the village all right go can't ride a
bike well oh my god
I am psycho go back let me go talk back
I want my god oh bouncing oh if you
guys haven't checked out our latest
videos the links will be up here is two
videos go watch it if you have watched
it go give it a thumbs up if you haven't
give it a thumbs up go share it if you
haven't shared it go comment on it -
commented on it um hope you guys are
enjoying it and joined these flags and
stuff thank you guys so much for always
showing love and support with the thumbs
up in the comments and showing love with
everything we see all of you guys and I
will be having another new video on
Tuesday the question and answer video
and a lot more new videos I hope you
guys are enjoying these past videos and
will enjoy the upcoming videos which are
just trying to keep up the videos and
entertain you guys and have fun and we
have fun with it and we just want you
guys to have fun with us so I'm about to
go to sleep I don't even know like dream
right now as always I can't sleep
mr. happy right now I don't know I'm mr.
happy because I painted my walls what
I'm about to head to sleep was like 3
a.m. right now and I don't know what I'm
doing up I will see you guys next Sunday
so hey
member
