hey guys what's up we're here chillin in
Central Park
alright today for sure for sure we're
going canoeing I swear it's still a
maybe but seriously no we are gonna go
canoeing
this is what I love fall look this is
what I love fall looks so beautiful
you could do that yeah I would do if I
don't wanna mess up the kicks man I
thought this thing closes a freaking
5:30 what time is it right now huh when
I was 4:30
it's 4:30 and things closed I'm freaking
pissed off so as I said it was like easy
feels like deja vu like what the hell
man I wanted to go canoeing so bad but
day job yeah did you boo-boo yeah we
can't go canoeing so since we reached
200,000 subscribers
we'll do a celebration video to we don't
know what the hell were gonna do and so
I was going crazy right now because it's
crush I mean Superman tweet it to him
let's actually let's actually go to him
and see what he's up to
yo happen yo you are you doing
for mrs. feel baby
I'll be a submitter I'm here to rescue
you
obviously all right that's enough
so I witnesses Channel 7 News is here
because they found out that we reach
200,000 subscribers on YouTube so the
interview was tough so so we just wait
until they set up their yeah this Act
could be the interviewer so here you go
shake
how does it feel like reaching 200,000
grabbers well obviously it feels really
good actually because we actually got
really far in in a matter of two years
so I'm the office due to God well I talk
like that so helped us go to this shake
you supposed to be yourself you're not
an interviewer
right so right now we're at the spot or
we've made our first-ever video where we
had zero subscribers we had nothing we
started off fresh this is the spot where
we did everything where everything
happened so this spot is is the cool
spot and we should have like a they
should write true story I say up against
the wall everything is same but the only
difference is there was one more person
in the middle he's no longer with us
all right listen imaginary up the lawyer
$1.00 right all right
he's the one that was with us and
everything so right now as of now we're
here with 200,000 subscribers and it
means so much to another million to
another to another million what the hell
to another 200,000 half-a-million will
coming soon I'm actually proud that we
reached this level and we we made smiles
over 200,000 people and it feels really
good to know that you know there's
200,000 people that's supporting a
that's that's behind our back and
helping us and the reason we came here
our celebration was this is the birth of
true story a essay this is what she's
Tracy was born we're still hospital here
we were born here so knowing the fact
that we were born with zero nothing with
zero friends now we have over two
hundred thousand friends and child mark
two years old we're now we're almost 2
years old almost we're about Reema's age
and inshallah um we hit a million half a
million soon then a million I have faith
in you guys cuz you guys always spread
the word of - sorry a saying you guys
the ones that make us rise so seriously
thank you guys so much from the bottom
of my heart and from the bottom and
shake stomach seriously it means so much
and there are so much there's a lot of
yous that wasn't there from the
beginning but I know mostly you guys in
Seattle and so thank you so much for
that thank you
we left so much memories with you guys
and shall have many more memories to
come soon and enough with this really
cheesy 200 thousand subscriber video we
just wanted to give you guys something
to God thank you we just want some guys
first start feeling them our emotions
right now and we just wanna you know
from the bottom of our hearts thank you
very much
- sorry ace a teammate say you guys are
the greatest we love you guys and it's
like I can't leave make me happy you
guys know what happened here one of our
videos leave it in the comments below
but somebody somebody died right here
not really died wait you guys know what
happened comment below LeBron James
I'm sure LeBron James supercell LeBron
I'm good man yo he's mad told you hook
us up LeBron
yo can I see your hairline let me see
the bronze hairline you got the other
200,000 subscribers
thank you guys so much thank you thank
you everybody thank you
thank you thank you lunch time with true
story ASAP and Shay got yeah I wish this
burger had a fan right here mr. BAE and
like what you got burger fries I got
something cooler a mashed potato and
feeling like the shrimp fries and
breasts the chicken breasts I feeling
yourself I'm just digging I'm digging it
we pick up with I do dishes in that they
get I believe our bar towards everybody
is it Bart I think it chef chef ever
like 12:45 in the shunderson at 12:45
Dugan did it t that me to date Alan I
new class speaking so fast I'm trying to
learn I mean I've learned my promise Amy
edges promise I just think I like I've
gotta go I just got laughs now tell me
Corey's is huh huh oh you think it's
your heart what are you saying it's just
telling us to meet up with me Apple
ticket she has to go shopping on my car
today we can pick you up if anybody
speaks his language let me know it
really said maybe maybe you guys talking
smack about me cuz cuz yeah I don't like
if you guys are really smacks on
on don't touch anything all right I
recycle eyes frankly know who uh who uh
who I'm asking
I understand all that well I know they
talk about that's not talking smack miss
keen means like you're
we feel sorry for you hi David Who am I
that's nothing alright guys thanks so
much for watching that's the end of the
vlog be sure to give this video a thumbs
up and go biriyani why is he not lying
it's our one I actually says go biryani
because your support your likes actually
motivates us to do more so thank you so
much for that and yesterday's video or
the day before yesterday it came out on
Thursday
that's yesterday so yeah yesterday's
video YouTube was acting up so a lot of
subscribers couldn't see it but on
behalf of you Tamar very sorry
I think it's fixed now so if you guys
haven't seen it then the video link will
be in the description box below so be
sure to check it out be sure to like it
be sure to share be sure to thumbs up on
behalf of me on behalf of Adam on behalf
of her we want to thank you guys for
giving us 200 they want to thank you
guys for giving them two hundred
thousand subscribers on YouTube so thank
you so much for that actually means a
lot where we start up with the little
camera and here we are today one year
and 75% of the year thank you guys so
much for that and to another to one to
Belden um when you guys are watching
this book probably in Las Vegas so we're
gonna have updates we're gonna have
vlogs and stuff from Las Vegas so I hope
you guys enjoy that and yeah we're gonna
have a meeting greet in LA on the 31st
of October comment below your city we're
trying to get the majority of the cities
or whichever city has the most fans and
we're gonna have a meeting with there so
comment below or message us wherever so
we can know where you where where you
reside or reside do you wanna say yeah
um I have a Twitter and it'd be nice if
some of you guys followed me what you do
it's in the description box below
alright so yeah follow her on the
description that's her Twitter's in the
description box below mine in the
description box below so follow us and
thing guys offer the support that's a
wrap peace
