hey guys what's up no yo yo buddy at the
halal spot chicken gyro next to
Hollister guys are coming houses Soho
this is where you guys got a gig at
right here right all right choice cool
game alive yes this is spy
that's how
so forget that become yours oh-ho get
over here that's where it's at
look I don't like your name looks like
an alley like you don't look like
Abdullah and I know I look like a Holly
do you know right hey what are you doing
oh it isn't we're gonna go play
basketball and we're gonna go work out
for a little bit you're gonna show you
some ab workouts anybody wants to know
any ab workouts
Oh Daniel mashallah below sure she got
stopped your now I know why all the
girls will face you accordingly stop oh
my god masha'Allah this will add let√≠s
I don't feel it do you babe oh now you
had a good music good Jessie mashallah
mashallah mashallah okay calm down
sheesh you're gonna chocolate chips
toggles we just played board games
nonstop and we want positive
I apply again how did it feel like when
you in below I feel like a winner you
feel like a winner how are you at still
feel like a loser oh you're the loser
Oh Holly yo tell me he's yourself tell
me he doesn't look like a holly right
listen honey maybe they like Colleen
rationally yeah another way you look
like you Iran Mary Jo is having Mike
yeah you kept all right yeah yeah I
don't know if you guys see my new
haircut but let me know if it's good or
not it's a good air you don't want to
mom you did good one dating ah Jessica
you're look like getting the ball I
don't know but just looks like me so mom
again you got no press 1 press I thought
I was still got something cuz he's not
gonna be in any choice or I guess a
video no you have 2 min you win the next
one once all right I'm just young guys
the real kind right now tell them no no
no no no no
yes yes like cinema let me say sector
salaries in back and say aha sorry he's
not gonna come up it's not gonna be in
any videos in the true story say pay for
the next two months because of personal
issues he'll explain why right now
oops hi yo guys top hey what's up what's
up you guys saw um I'm not giving like
videos for like the next two months I
guess about some personal issues and
stuff and um don't worry these two guys
shake but it'd still be a black Stalin
and I don't take open tell them you
still be in flux yeah but but also been
blogged and stuff for the next month I
guess and in the month after I'm going
to Pakistan I think so yeah enjoy these
losers yeah it's no I wasn't going to
entertain you guys and give you guys
that's your story
any same forever so we are heading a
video for some more on for today action
I so this flag is up right now right
obviously you know the video no video on
our main channel is going to be on
getting me up at 6:00 p.m. New York City
time so this bike fits you're watching
it right now on and it's before 6 p.m.
make sure you go watch it never tell if
you're watching this after 6 p.m. it's
up already but if it's there you're
watching it before what are you doing if
it's um watching it before then you wait
till 6 p.m. to go watch it
make sure you guys hope you guys enjoy
it make sure you guys um give it a
thumbs up and um because we always we
always go hard on the thumbs up and the
likes and it means a lot comment make
sure you can come to always read all
your comments and everything and um
and yeah we hope you guys enjoy it and
the common question for today just like
I want you guys to tell us what
challenge do you guys want us to do
because we're thinking about doing a hot
pepper challenge for a main channel and
we're gonna we're thinking about doing a
hot pepper challenge in public like in
Times Square front of everybody and we
do it
I don't know I'm scared about it well
you guys want us yeah you guys want us
to do it we'll do it but let us know in
the comments below if not a heck of a
challenge let us know your thoughts some
thing else do you think we should do a
challenge
oh yes know if you want to go out have a
challenge comment below remember to
check out new video out they don't wanna
go to six again how many low hope you
guys um enjoyed the new video guess was
back I don't know I didn't tell you guys
but Rima she was out she was our aunts
house for like for like since like a few
days but I didn't get to I couldn't get
to vlog with her outside because she
just came home right now Saturday night
but I'll guess someone big what I'll get
um some clips for you guys of her right
now she is here hi every month yeah oh
okay
hold your nose let me hold your nose it
sit down why are you my sweatpants it
down
what are you doing I need that for a
reason oh my god what we look like a
like you're back in 2002 or sometimes I
am boo me no the other one hey how are
you my comforting I gotta take that way
heaven now
however hi might be so shy so quiet yeah
well whatever
but once we must you're trash
well yeah but once we must
okay FEMA give me cuz and live while we
are dick Remo say what's up
because you won't that you love Adam
Hager Saab coming in you look like a
devil coming inside
what else you wanna say remote yeah no
no no give me gas boom washer you kissy
how you laughing at you crazy she's
crazy
alright so the picture that Rima had
with these rain boots these rain boots
are not hers they're mine some people
thought was hairs they're like whoa she
got some huge rain boots but it's not is
it actually my rain boots she put it on
for hurricane sandy she got ready for
shoes less if she can stand up what are
you doing
so this kid right here my nephew Hamza
he's been talking a lot of smack and and
and it's time for me to teach him a
lesson you ready yeah ready
aye man and if his dad is watching this
man I'm sorry but I'm not that I'm at
the beat of you sir sorry
what you saying huh wait going on your
floor wake up get up what are you doing
why wear my piss Channel apologize hey
sorry sorry yeah man as much as I love
kids
that's it ha ha ha this art so sorry
what you mean is happy
students arriving but you want come on I
wanna fight that's right let's go come
on come on let's go yeah let's karateka
why are you scared no I'm sure I'm gonna
go too hard like me he don't want the
war nobody went the war he's done and
I'm today we're mostly editing
principally basketball and at the gym
but we had to go home early but I
promise you guys we'll see you guys next
Sunday
and a better and a crazier flag I'm
always keeping my promise that every
Sunday there will be a a a black Sunday
there is it going to be any Sunday where
there is it a seemed like Sunday and
less like like like something happens
but I promise you guys every Sunday see
black Sundays this one probably not that
crazy but hope you guys enjoyed it and
check out new video the link is on below
for the main channel make sure show a
lot of love and thank you guys so much
alright guys take care and I'll see you
guys next Sunday or maybe sooner we're
gonna have more videos on our main
channel make sure you enjoy the video or
the new video that we have is gonna be
out at 6 p.m. so if you're watching this
after or if you're watching this before
you can wait til 6 or you can go watch
it right now the link is below
thank god so much thanks for everything
you already know and she's crying I
gotta go help with that and um yeah what
he said describe and follow me on
Twitter I don't say but um bye see you
guys next Sunday
