get the bye this is the bar right here
this is Dubai right here to buy right
there all of the but do pull it up
what's good you geez what's up man back
hey guys what's up Adobe gang I hope you
are having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day Adobe gang I am in
Dubai well actually I'm inside an
elevator but I am in Dubai with the
homie Mitchell Mitchell say would do so
so much I haven't seen him for like a
month now what were you going right now
tell him I'm going to basic little
surprise Adams already seen it oh my
yeah but happy in the flesh never seen
it in person
oh my gosh this is crazy this is this is
actually where the performance is
happening guys so oh yeah so the whole
meeting area stuff is happening here
yeah like here that stage is where you
guys will be by the way no one choppa
doobies you be on that stage did you
guys hear about Adam Sandler performing
here or no you never heard about Adam
salad nah he's performing here tomorrow
you should come 6 p.m. for free yes Adam
solid madam settler Adam solid Arabic
but you see him there hold on 6 p.m. 6
p.m. free free free tomorrow yet
tomorrow
cutter well you're the one
Deshea Tomica I just came to faith let's
do it
you're the chosen what did she say when
the keys got to people to come to the
show tomorrow man yeah free performance
free meeting we make sure you guys come
through it's about to get wild to do me
any guys look oh my god as I was telling
you guys me Naza the whole team we used
to get posters and put it on shops but
now I'm the biggest billboard of Dubai
the biggest billboard you don't
understand me we started from the bottom
now we're here in the Billboard it's
covered up
November 2nd I'll get a beer hey do we
go oh that is well oh my god I'm
speechless
that is crazy man always work hard
always grind stay focused and you guys
will be successful this is crazy I can't
thank you guys enough I would never be
in this position for what's it for you
guys yesterday you guys through the big
news today this is even crazier look
look look at the bye this is the bar
right here this is Dubai right here
goodbye right there all of the but do
pull it up what's good Eugene was
something
you look back hey do me again this is
how you make a thumbnail trying to make
a good time there it's coming it's it
Wow guys you guys do not know how
speechless I am like my whole squad a
doobie gang the whole team went Finity
man yeah little bit about this just this
morning the desert he was talking to me
our victory the journey brought the
journeys clear and he would go
understand putting posters people don't
understand what we wanted we give us
that you had before I know man I've not
known you that long right yeah I'm super
proud man and I appreciate it and you
should be as well man yeah thank you sir
sir thank you so much mister hi guys
we're going to the place we're saying
that we're staying at an apartment this
time I don't know if nos asleep I
believe he's probably sleeping him and
Mike
hey this is lit look what it says
thank you Khadijah this is sick I loved
it so much balcony Tings
okay to behind these are definitely not
the sneakers I'm gonna throw it out
seriously do me yeah I don't understand
this Dubai trip and the next one for our
Fashion Week is about to get wild
snoring so loud guys to me it goes all
right listen I'm a wait we'll go pick up
Adam I'm just in my room no problem
10:00 to 8:00 I went in his room he's
not that well he sleeps so quick I'll be
staying here where the magic happens at
the bathroom over here you already know
I'm full of surprises so be ready thumbs
up
I just woke up I'm wearing pretty much
the same clothes because I didn't bring
much clothes we're still at the Bilbo
this is whatnot Dustin a picture low
security he wants to take a picture with
the car and the billboard and he put the
freaking car on top of us this dude is
crazy man
we got the homie Mike I'm Dan Lee the
dude is calling extra security just said
not home work Mike
this dude is crazy not just come back
good girl you're Mitchell's gonna get
hit by Mitchell he's gonna get hit by a
car my does is crazy but I'm damn then
he got it he's gonna say nope do it
again LA he's completed he's good he's
gonna get in the car get in the car
this picture
but he took this picture I already know
we're doom again we have to come to the
best mall ever Dubai Mall I have to do a
little shopping because tomorrow I'll
have a show and I have to buy some new
clothes
hi guys so I'm shopping right now and
I'm teaching a not some lessons on how
to shop so this is and I'm gonna teach
you guys do it so this is how you check
the waist all right ready
you have to get elbow to your fists
right here put it here
there you go like that if it's not too
tight and not too loose that's how big
your waist is like think we got Big Mike
but this one yes to those let me don't
believe it I tell you I am done shopping
now we're gonna go ahead to go eat and
enjoy to buy because today is a resume
tomorrow is the big big day only in
Dubai where you see the tallest building
in the world
look at this point in it reven our knee
and then you see a crazy water fountain
show that's gonna come every 30 minutes
right here
and you see three people on their phone
right here take it divide this so
romantic
Gilligan's row
Mike this is a trustee when I'm teaching
out when I'm teaching a matter of a
state shukran shukran shukran here also
he got the pho girl like swag that I
knew show you guys in the vlog man let's
take it back
that means like how are you so if you
want to like you see like what like you
want to go to someone see how are you
like in fact that's where he doesn't
believe the first time where I don't
tell someone something bad they don't
believe you didn't want to tell
something someone bad they believe it
what does Kay me how are you how
are you told you I told you Chino right
now this one okay you ready pick me
please pick me thank you oh my god hi
guys we just got done with dinner done
with shopping only in Dubai where you
randomly see Lambos like these crazy
types of cars everywhere even the cop
cars now it's time to relax a monkeys
looking I'm vlogging he's like well he's
like why did you have a camera in his
hand tomorrow it's about to be crazy
that's how crazy that's gonna be some
more clothes well tomorrow's gonna be
crazy it's gonna be it's gonna be rushed
in London but organized nothing is an
underrated Management's if you got it on
lockdown and trust me this is just the
beginning and do me yanks will be
prepared expect the unexpected
does anyone equate make sure you guys
come through December you guys will see
it right here how many tickets we have
left second and third I don't think
there's much left there's about
but eat tickets for dessert and show 30
tickets for the second show 10 for the
10 for the first hope you guys haven't
got any tickets make sure you guys go
again
okay give me a get it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoyed this
vlog if you did make sure you guys give
it a thumbs up and go turkey thank you
sever singing what do you guys always
give the blogger thumbs up
tomorrow is the big day my first time
ever performing away neck my first time
ever performing all you can handle the
Moto what else what else I'm not
performing um feel good on my way on my
way because I haven't performed in Dubai
so my Dubai you guys are about to have
an amazing time me
how about to have any reason time with
you guys thank you guys so much for your
love and support you guys truly made my
freaking eat might make my life so thank
you guys so much I see you guys tomorrow
for the big day
take care mmm peace in it swear to
God he should've came when life gives
you yeah my baby makes them Yemen aid
place I'll new today I'll treat the
playing like an uber
