hey guys what's up finally back in New
York City chillin chillaxing probably in
my office doing my taxes
you know song example today we might be
going to canoeing that's a place in
Central Park if you guys ever come to
New York it's um it's like go on a boat
and he goes like it's like canoeing I
don't feel like my Superman shirt I'm
married to him it's okay
I married to sorry cause tree in New
York City right right don't move it let
the cars go we get an alley don't move
just don't move don't move let the guy
said don't move Nana daisuke's just
gonna hit you gonna go to the hospital
there's so many posters here One
Direction wonders for that Justin Bieber
yeah Selma we should do we're gonna get
our post our own posters yeah yeah we
should do this we got our own posters we
put it in like those black frames and we
give it to the guy over here and it'll
be true story AC and we'll keep it like
right above one direction right there
instead of that someone will be true
story a essay and we'll have cool
posters to sell in the street
oh yeah one direction will come and why
they running oh my god he's raping her
we're right here why how are the balls
floating how was it floating
how is it due to the temperature of the
atmosphere that there's a floating stain
that's pulling up and down a string yes
way
hello I don't see no string
it's legit floating huh
everybody's looking like part of the
kids all the kids look like guys we're
just walking around it says a si right
here a si and more so I could just as
agent but this guy I've been seeing a
lot of pictures of him lately and he
seems missing if you guys ever find him
or something hit me up and yeah I don't
know who he is but it seems seems like
he's been missing for a while so you
know everywhere behind the scenes of our
Instagram video we're supposed to do the
he's supposed to be the girl in the
video so we can do the Arab rapist Arab
to him but he said nah we did it a
couple times but he didn't want to do it
so we did it so random random lady's
random agent ladies so if you guys wanna
go check it out our instagrams is below
both of our girls of glow follow us and
check out our Instagram videos life
pasta with roasted chicken a garlic
bread I love garlic bread 12 loves
garlic bread give this is gonna do
thumbs up makes your father smell like
garlic what the hell am I thinking right
now I don't see them and water and we
can't have a meal without some chocolate
chocolate chip brownie chocolate
chocolate chip man and shake that what
do you got balls call me boss spaghetti
huh I got she got meatballs and garlic
but like that
how does the balls feel me my guys
probably don't know her but this is my
youngest niece she's even younger than
Rima I had a picture up with her up on
Facebook and Instagram and Twitter about
two three months ago when she was a
newborn and so I decided
rimas done and now we got Deena Deena is
here Reema's expired now how does that
gonna work
yeah Deena's gonna kill it with you
alright you don't kill it you don't kill
it more than Rima huh don't kick me like
that huh fingers look look at smaller
hands are look at some more faces it
look this is my hand ring fingers mr.
Medina stop fingers and my thumb finger
mmm-hmm have you got scared be scared
I'm gonna really throw you gonna trust
me
no no Chester you don't trust me the
last business are you serious
see how I trust him not just you know
Oh Jake stop the Doudna see how I trust
you trust him do it again for holding
time see look look I just you stop
shaking I'm to hold on to all of it can
we go back see how I trust you shake I
trust you
trust me you do not try this at home or
do not judge you you know you know what
I think yeah this is done by
professionals professionals who use the
Train and if you use the train every day
Superman right here try that at home
lastly we got a story to tell you guys a
a story time I says what happened once
this is before me but it started YouTube
when we were visited when I get it out
but it's when I simple the investment is
Latino we where we still go to school
last year
I stayed here in el-medina school and
then he was in the Train right he was
alone in the train he had headphones on
right I came on ten why was it go what
is it what's up and then he was like
nothing I'm like so I didn't got
headphones higher then he took his
headphones
he took his headphones and he showed
nothing so he had headphones and he was
listening he had two headphones on he
was listening to nothing and I was like
what the hell you this it's nothing use
like yeah I just wanna well who the hell
wears headphones unless it's a nothing
semi somebody where we listen to the
Train like the next shot is 35 extreme
the thing is I had every that time so
it's embarrassing to take everyone and
I'm American mm so so so I see
seemed like to me that exclusively to us
and he was listening to the train go to
Johnson
Oh shake right now he's doing the same
thing oh but he actually have the phone
now to listen to this girl she's dizzy
first
why seolin DC I think it's like I have
background easily so along we just got a
letter
we just got a letter hey we just got a
letter
we just got a which we just we just got
a letter and let's see who is it from
this is sick I don't know what the hell
you use to do this but at teammates say
is it is it a twitter is a twitter and
this says my name is arabic and this one
i'm gonna hang it up in my room not at
the living room so it's gonna be in my
room this is crazy
Wow I love this you guys are so freakin
creative who's it from I don't see any
name oh it's from oMG Zayn ahamed and
apti amazing so shout out to you to you
first one person or two you guys there's
two people who ever thank you so much
this looks like it took a lot of effort
and working so so we really appreciate
it so much and thank you
alright guys it's time to wrap up this
vlog everyone is leaving my house right
now so I can't speak that loud but if
you guys enjoyed this vlog give this
video a thumbs up called Turkey on the
like button and we have some special
moves first of all we have a video on
our main channel is gonna come up and
other news is this Sunday will be in Las
Vegas and then a few days later we're
gonna be going to LA so you guys around
there you might have meetings right
there so hope to see you guys soon and
next month we'll be in New Jersey
UK Ottawa Denmark we have a lot of
places that we call this the a sa we out
tour so hashtag a sa we out tour and put
in your by if you guys support us and
comment below which city you guys want
us to come cuz we're planning to go to a
lot of different cities so we might even
go to your city so yeah just comment and
that's about it that's the news for
today
hope you guys enjoyed it I hope you guys
enjoy our daily vlogs with you guys
enjoy videos thank you guys for all the
support you guys been giving us thing
guys for all the love thank you guys for
everything so and that's a wrap
