say please gimme gimme what are you
saying
whatever we might gets mad she's like
kidney oh yeah
Wow like it I proposed to slow me here
that go we head back your mom put your
finger like this
okay everyone okay will you marry me are
you guys idea hmm
yay clapping oh hey can you propose to
me now see will you marry me say will
you marry marry marry me yeah yeah like
it yeah give me a kiss miss Rima you
just lying to me saying WOW nice it
doesn't like it doesn't fit me hey let
me give a few big if it oh my god aren't
you that good for you too oh my god I
seen you seen the other day oh my god
can you sing a song please oh my god
everyone you're singing shout it out
love you
you see it no I did nothing that I was
on with it god I do you buy one
direction I sing in it yeah thank you
everyone
oh my god I can't believe oh you're
headed please take a picture with you
please oh my god oh my god oh my god
sing selfie oh my god heist choke me
yeah tell me you love me
how much Ya Allah
I can't allege Blake is granddaughters
mature you're not mature yet
you know you're not mature here so I
can't let you play come back I I like to
become gumgum
you won't play tell me you love me see
you're the best you can oh you know I
can't let you play Lori right until
you're mature you're not mature yet so
when you're mature let's play I think
I'm leaving to Canada - are you gonna
miss me
are you gonna miss me
who are you tomorrow it's Canadian wall
and this is how the Mullins look oh you
see there al-haram halal meat groceries
and what's next to it is adult wha what
if this is like not good what the heck
we're going here
what the hell no we're going to the
restaurant I know Ashley went to another
restaurant but we're doin to the show
like yeah and we've seen this is the
male heading towards the premiere and
I'm chilling here with desi pop stop I
mean JC singer right here
dramatic what's up how's it go away
yeah you guys won't know that he's a
special guest till we get that you guys
all probably guessing Zayn Malik and
stuff but we got something bigger right
here let's really see bad on it thank
you very much so shout to him shout out
to culture shock shadow to his whole
group can you sing a song what you only
say it if I mess up man man excuse go I
got recorded maybe you should let me
love you let me be the one to give you
everything cue ball
the guys think
so it's Sean's birthday right now and
it's about 2:00 a.m. and guess what he
bought some chocolate cake and his mom
made it looks like they got it from Mike
legit from a store it looks like they
got chocolate but no let's say they got
from like a chocolate store but it's not
they got it from his mom eat it and oh
my goodness his mom made this cake it
looks delicious
it looks like when you get it taken ton
is this yours shakes
I'm sorry yo what did you just do sorry
what the heck shout out to Sean's mother
man mashallah she makes really good
chocolate cake it looks like they just
bought it from the chocolate store like
a lazy pieces and eating all of this
yeah but now was lucky to be with Sean
because she gets to get chocolate now
that's the only reason I'd be happy life
news right now this birthday didn't
happen I've decided to go our separate
ways to show me to sing I'm just kidding
no in the best couple award of 2013 goes
for they ah've and shaman juries and we
got cake me enjoy the cake yeah and we
got um yeah these guys are sleeping on a
way zone yeah I like that is so cute I
just say you guys get the best couple
award of 2013 I say that I shot up to
yeah I was a crush on you yah man just
blew my whole spot I say bro see you
soon right okay it's coming in the way
take care take care see airplanes here
we are
out about
jiggers cry alright no I think heading
back to America New York City
he's carrying my stuff
ready yeah ready I'll grab higher
I saw heading back to New York America
we love you Canada Canada was amazing
Las Vegas is next then it's Los Angeles
and after that it's to UK you guys ready
yeah that's right we're ready he'll year
what a good reaction what a they're so
hype they're so you guys are so excited
excited that's right I'm excited
the tired so it's going to be really fun
we're looking forward to it Las Vegas
Los Angeles and then UK let's do this
alright see you guys tomorrow take care
make sure you give this video a thumbs
up go turkey yeah you know what they're
saying that I say go Turkey you say go
cuckoo cuckoo movin go biryani so go
Turkey go cuckoo go biryani see you guys
tomorrow take care and pink later
you
