sup guys so right now I'm at the studio
and right now I'm at the studio with
cream and we're about to shoot a new
video for his channel what's it called
it's called Arab and desi love I think I
think undecided right now well yeah in
this video we're gonna let you guys
decide actually so yeah what's your the
title be I don't know it's undersized
your video number all right fine
we're gonna let you guys decide who
shows and demonstrates but I'd love
better Dixie's obviously Dacey's no
obviously to Harrison alright Mike and
his camera and it's all these are yours
yes and these are my pants which one in
New York the cameras only mind
everything else is uh everything else is
according to the studio
what is your courtesy courtesy courtesy
yes courtesy of YouTube finish your
studio we're heading home right now I
mean we're in Supremes house right now
yep and the weather is crazy beautiful
actually I love the rain
always I ever know thank you so much it
clears out and sees each other feel my
vibe from here I creep me out anyway I
always peeking no your mom Pisa you
don't be what's up guys so I couldn't
make it with shake and cream today
because I'm gonna be with family I got a
lot of homework and plus it's ugly
outside so yeah I'm just gonna be
chillin with Rima all day and doing my
homework and just hanging out with
family and Shake is gonna take over most
of lag so thumbs up for I'm taking
up most of the blocks he's not being
lazy from one so shout out to you homie
and for cream for holding it down to
make me your love all right I don't know
what I'm saying but this is my jam this
is my new jam Dustin diva heartbreaker
is it a really good job minute if you
guys want you guys can check out an
Instagram video that mean Rima just did
on my Instagram the Instagram is just my
name so if you guys want to check it out
check out you need a makeover right
right okay they're not special right
you want the official right
okay don't do that hot hot sauce right
so he's got home from outside and that
lady was Shanti just long she was like
but she okay first off um he was
recording uh the guy in the halal cart
right he didn't seem to mind it at all
and then she saw and then she started
complaining he was polite enough to
actually put away the phone and he was
like I'm sorry miss I'll delete it and
he did everything and he cooperated and
he should have ended there um so then
there was like you know minutes of quiet
and silence and I was like okay I'll be
quiet and all of a sudden she started
yelling at him again he's like what's
this nonsense why did you start
recording when I was like all right miss
I think that's enough you know you
already told him he did what he had to
do and then she's like oh you don't know
me and she start going I was like um
actually he's able to record in public
areas it's fine to record in public
areas she's like no it's a private
business I'm like well he could block
your face and still record into public
areas I don't know I mean maybe I was
right and we just liked her and told oh
you went to law school well we do study
law so it's okay yeah well he does I
don't so yeah so I was acting as a
lawyer but the thing is it's common
sense like we weren't recording her we
were recording the guy again is trying
to pass scene mm-hmm you know she
started complaining so she was very mean
do like I didn't I didn't like her I
didn't I didn't like the fact that she
was yelling at shake like that like she
found out oh no seriously she found that
you were really sweet and cooperative
that she wants to take advantage of that
start yelling at you again like that was
not cool that's not cool
no you guys that is number B right like
yeah we were just recording and he
happened I mean you could show him the
footage and he's gonna be showing I'm
like yeah who second before this yeah so
yeah if you guys decide was that right
what we did was write a real lot to
record or yeah you guys tell us in the
comments below cuz we anyway she was
really mean but we arranged thanks for
backing me up though I got you bro my
gosh can you give me a jig you doing
good hi nice to meet you
you look it so cute today even though
you just woke up you look like a man
yeah like your hands up quick the door
Oh watch thank you so much to Amira
from UK to Scotland UK thank you so much
for it she loved it so much and you're
my loves door that's your favorite show
and right now we're gonna give
Remo i'ma give her a lemon it's called a
sour lemon challenge lemon challenge let
baby lemon challenge I don't know what
it is but you like it it's good
hmm mmm did you bring Katie your tube
the hose that was it
it's candy anyone okay so I got lemon
and you guys are the ones that suggested
this room is gonna taste it and we got
to see her reaction you wonder Rheem is
taking the challenge she's like come
over bring it on bring it on homie bring
it on
Rima stop eating that I should never
give you this before
stop eating okay Sam taste it is it good
let me see if she likes it do you like
it taste it Shanta make me taste taste
don't remark I mean she was like a
scared face well as I am here I'm here
talk Rima why she's being so salmon
today rimas on her silent remeer come
come she likes you though I know more
lemon for you huh Bava she knows she
knows when her dad comes from work thank
you so much to all you guys for always
treat her like your sister
like your daughter and Remos rimas
blessed to have you guys to thank you
guys so much
I'm gonna dare cream to do impersonation
Adam that's how he does it
alright this is Adam okay music at the
he's the first you know huh
remember you'll do twice it's good
though it makes it look like him you
have a lot of muscles it looks good all
right Adam hurry up you're on camera
what was that almost guys yo blacks
you're relax all right we're good to go
all right yo what's up do Me's um I just
want to say thank you so much for
watching this vlog I know I'm really
tired you know but you got to go turkey
man go Turkey on his comments man go
Turkey oh my god 1,000 likes it's
beautiful I love you guys got so
supportive I'm sexy as hell
so now he's gonna do presentation of me
you heard that you were you doing y'all
looked at a sexiness right I look sexy
right
that ass you know we were special oh are
you supposed to you scared scare tactics
nice catch
so guess we just joined the club creme
met Wally would you get fine about time
now we could play yeah we're gonna play
online together may the best player win
the match goes on tonight tonight I
haven't rode a bike in like seven years
yeah why's your bike tall in mine
I don't know if it sees me behind
brothers hall that's right so yeah we're
writing it down it makes my ass look
like I'm talking about riding a bike
whoa do you hear this message Midway hey
don't you wanna watch my tail
don't you wanna wear my till now
all right so we got more mail and if you
guys don't know the mail comes to me and
share so it's always in our names you
can write my name our chicks lyric we're
both of our names and this stuff okay
this is really really weird or I don't
know I don't know if I should say weird
cool or what the Freak you got opened me
six Adam set six
alright I'm scared what is this is it
gonna be like a creepy scary letter open
8th 9th 10th last one don't worry
okay so I'll open the first one and it
said basically please because if you
want to see a reaction so pretty please
recording it takes a while to read it
maybe times so she can Adam if you're
both here you can carry on reading this
too
all right so all right so I'm about this
I won't open any of them tomorrow mean
ship will open it together and we'll do
the reactor cuz I'm I really want to
know what the hell this is
we'll see how it goes tomorrow so thank
you to shout out to a si spammers on
Twitter you have the coolest tweets time
to wrap up this flag hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog and shout out
sheikha korean for holding and down and
forshay for not being lazy and vlogging
man shout-out to thumbs up and go turkey
for chef man I'll click thumbs up for
you I got you I got you bro I got you I
got you bro
wait yeah um tomorrow we're gonna be
filming the new video and hopefully
we're done for that day and hopefully
we'll be up this Wednesday something
really really special for I'm not if I
should call it special it's something
really nice that's just really nice and
that for you guys and for all of us for
the whole world to see and you guys will
see you guys will go you guys you guys
won't know what it is once you guys see
like we'll see you guys tomorrow take
care and I love you guys thank you guys
for all the love and support you got
always show is gonna be a nice sunny day
tomorrow hopefully inshallah and yeah
deuces
