wait you saw really hey guys what's up
so today we are going to be filming a
different video because we filmed
another video or we're halfway done with
that video where we decided to make
another video right now and once we
finish this video let me finish the
other video so we're gonna have two
videos soon so and since we're gonna go
to Canada we won't have time to make a
video so you know they'll be on time
sous vide yeah we're gonna here in
Canada soon few guys do not know in
October 12 we're going again we're like
Canadian I yeah for the premiere the
reason why we're going to is give me
like 20 tickets left so the link is
gonna be below just you know get check
it out you guys want to get tickets VIP
tickets you can eat with us eat with I
don't know what so special about eating
with us what is he doing I don't want to
eat with him he's like like a bit like a
eats like a pig I'm gonna say that I
yeah he's like a guy you know he's like
a sons even he's like damn it this video
uh we don't to tell you this is going to
be something this video is something
public but it's not something to like
mess around people or something funny
it's actually more like a social
experiment so we'll see how this goes
and so Adam it isn't it so yeah it's
just it's a surprise so I hope you guys
enjoy it see how this goes I was at the
show at John Jay College and I wanted to
give you something okay gimme me Mom
give me please girl you don't understand
okay here it is Chuck it's dirty okay
it's charkh you later
merci thank you Rema say thank you
meaning mo we're gonna play with this
probably I don't know if I can play
later or tomorrow we're gonna go outside
and play with Chuck first say thank you
let's say thank you and I blow them a
kiss because they say they want you to
blow them a kiss
we must have gone wrong no blown the
book she really likes her Chuck so this
is not food remember this is not food or
anything this is you supposed to draw
with it or write with outside so that's
what you're gonna do with it okay when
you go outside they don't play with it
you got to understand how to do
girl you like it who's Allah Buddha love
you love it yeah gosh girl you know you
don't gotta love it right away like that
this is mine man I'm just jokin all
right okay it's yours
wow so you're gonna just and people love
it so much thank you so much Reema
kik-kik can you do the Harry Styles fees
the hair stylist know what the heck
Harry Styles please I do the same ugly
face hmm
this is a Moloch face okay are you
greedy Punk I just found
I just found the twin of me from a ten
out of town or seven years ago I thought
the hell I found the twin of me seven
years ago so say what's up what's up
guys like my hair really hum yes where
that was just like me
Hey
this is how in our wedding would get
down to visit America in the streets man
Oh be thicker everybody goes in the
street
this is shillings for us for you man
yeah yeah any spider has four videos and
it's Kawai from Brooklyn nice from
Brooklyn and spiders and he said you
watched a vlog so excited to put him in
the black - so he went up on shake like
he's gonna beat him up wish but she got
scared yeah
you got scared she's like in spades you
guys again I'm just okay we'll shout out
to him go like a man lady for love it's
really good to favor I'm about a scared
shank Jason's gonna be I don't know shy
he doesn't know he just met he just know
so I know we're playing game oh and
smell him and this is crazy
haha although scared the longer you got
it
I'm knows how he knows what it is I
rested I know I know you a scary new you
shaking any heart oh here you go
pyramid does with it its truck so you
can't eat it or nothing okay you got you
gotta play with this hope oh yeah
open it come on huh huh Google oh come
on Amiga juice
well well everyone its Chuck you don't
eat it up and you just play with it and
write with it like this you're just
gonna write all over the walls with this
thank you so much
breaking news 8 so we got some good news
to tell you guys we just got new shirts
well this is the only shirt it's only
going to be sold in the month of October
we thought um to make it like this make
the world smile and true story a say and
it's also to raise awareness it's only
going to be sold in the month of October
so whoever gets one you only have a
chance to get one this month so if you
guys want you guys can get one from the
link is below but if you guys do get one
make sure you guys take a picture with
it and tweet at us or tag us on Facebook
we'll put it up on the vlog of you guys
with it and it'll be so much and and
this is one of the best shirts that I
think that we've ever had oh hey yo yeah
6:30 that's our pl box number you guys
want to send us an email this is the
peel box 630 so we just got a mail
letter let's see oh my goodness you guys
do not know how much means share love
Beunos it's us it's the freakin bestest
chocolate that I love that I just
started loving these actually and you
don't you want to know the crazy thing
is me and Cher who actually we actually
gave one away to this homeless guy in a
couple of vlogs ago and we thought you
know if you give something away you get
back you get back even more so that's
the crazy thing now look at this this is
a replay of the vlog when we kid when he
gave
the bueno corn chocolate-covered
pretzels a bueno water and a shake up
one huh
you can factor in the others go like
that
nice I'm so ready that hopefully we try
to sneak these in the movie theatres and
Muslim
you're not free I mean it's hours where
you can get more from 21 which will you
choose you could choose view at it with
anyone
hi
and I'm not look Allah has has answered
and he gave us back three windows I am
good lend this is this is just amazing
thank you so much - thank you so much -
Mariam Malik thank you so much Mary I'm
Helen Malik and Sheikh will get all his
stuff than letters and I've been telling
Sheikh to open some stuff with the peel
box but he hasn't sent me the vlogs that
he had so he will send it soon what we
have here looks cool looks like we got a
oh no this is a squished hat I hope not
a squished hat I did get kind of
squished oh no this snapback but this is
from fall here from and from Norway
thank you so much a flavor from Norway
with the glasses and shades looks really
nice and I'm going to try it on all
right guys so it's time to wrap up this
vlog and I'm wearing this swaggity swag
swag from Norway sunglasses from Norway
and a hat from Norway thank you so much
to Phil here and we'll see you guys
tomorrow make sure you give this video a
thumbs up and go turkey we're about to
have a Twitter contest in about a few so
whoever wins the Twitter contest your
shout outs are going to be up in
tomorrow's vlog so yeah good luck to
everybody that's gonna participate in
and thank you to everybody who does
participate and if you don't want
anything we'll be having a lot more
Twitter contest and we have a comment
question of the day for you guys and the
comment question is what do you guys do
when you watch our vlogs do are you at
school watching it are you eating while
watching it are you with your family
watching on with your brother leave it
in the comments below we want to know
your answers and see and it's fun
reading it I love when you guys comment
I just I love reading it so always
comment when you're under vlog so you'll
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace and love and kisses and
member
