I'm chilling here in New York and this
car just got damaged damn this guy's
done that
everybody sees us looking at it
this car you know happen to it you don't
have to they say somebody shot it or hit
it
once again for the 1800's million time
we're at John Jay College and right now
today we have our show in John Jay
College in about 30 minutes and we
rehearsing we're not even ready but we
got this were born with it we just
rehearsed about three four times dressed
up and did everything hopefully you guys
are there watch a skit but yeah we got
this you guys ready let's go he got the
cold ready everything ready
we're really excited for everybody to
watch this skit man I'm here channel
with my homeboy I'll be wearing the same
hat the same way look I gotta get this
mic that I'm so a shadow I'm solid I'm
not each other to 30s day you're looking
at everybody thank you so much fasten
and
Aqsa and Samara and Angela and yet been
here for the show and yeah he gave me
this cute bracelet thank you so much
Matson he's awesome and hey give it to
me let's do it nobody's looking I give
it over
nice I see we're gonna wear this I'm
never gonna take it off and let's Remus
steals it so yeah oh my gosh how would
you ten are you told three miles are
gonna get this every time
yes yeah she's been a huge fan since a
long time and I remember her name too so
it's good you asked a small him but he
thank you thank you all right we're
gonna start it soon huh oh I got another
bracelet yay it's rainbow dope it's okay
this is rainbow eye it looks nice and
what's your name again
hooba Ruben and here you guys sisters
sigh we just got finished with the show
and and they're taking pictures here
you want is that Alright see hi what's
your name
for the first time ever
I was like oh yeah obviously I haven't
been home lately so I haven't liked you
know see my brothers today they Kimber
school early for some reason okay and
welcome to a new episode of Kabir's Got
Talent in this show each contestant can
only present one special talent today's
contestants are Muhammad Kabir yeah beep
I'll Reaper beard and my mother come
here so the rules of this game is no
bragging when you're winning no crying
when you lose no drinking no smoking no
eating no just don't do any bad stuff ok
all right Kabir doing push-ups yay one
two three
hey 9 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 now we have
my mood to compare singing gotta be you
by one direction
mmm boy I see in your eyes you're
disappointed cuz I'm the foolish one
that you are going to with your heart I
tore it apart and boy what a mess I made
upon your baby since no man in the world
deserves this
but here i you gotta sing it all to a
turkey yeah last but not least we have
muhammad Kabir
that was kuvira's salad to the next time
for another show and also you guys have
to vote for who you want the one used to
be food now and I'm freeloading on food
they're filtering our food too many
fewer food yeah free food you can see
huh
seems they keep see me all right keeping
up as my homie though he came to lotta
stuff he chose a lot of support so shout
out to my homie right yeah you're good
thanks his laugh always makes you laugh
that's why I didn't look I don't want to
do that you did really help him out
first thing I was laughing nice stuff oh
come to suit some plate where we're
taking assault pictures did you say
y'all know me
--sykes video she knows the video but
yeah she's the one that gave the gift at
her and now who you on who give it and
are all of you they give it to gifts a
Rhema me and share and cream so here's
the gift here so thank you so much
I'm a Korean must say I love you in I'll
make your whole dish back kisses now
really baby song we do I don't know we
go I will go to well she's a professor
to live a professor in what nine
professor in what professor in what so
she's gonna be my anatomy pathology
cooter we're live in John Chiang shout
outs of the semen couldn't make it she
is a sliver one man look she'll be here
next time so yes
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
flag and I don't think I should even say
that anymore because people were
laughing at me at the show when we're
about to leave there they were telling
me hi guys so we have to time it's right
oh they're just copying what I was
saying but Israel still keeps eating her
forever forever in yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog I wanted to make this
vlog more about you guys who came to the
show and about I don't know I wanted you
guys to see yourself on the vlogs and I
just wanted it to be about you guys and
to show love back to you guys since you
guys showed a lot of love means so much
to me and Sharaf let you guys show a lot
of love every single day to us and show
a lot of support and thank you so much
to all the gifts you guys gave us
actually got home and Rima was actually
sleeping I was gonna give her the gifts
and vlog her but she's such a sleepyhead
or maybe I just came home late no she's
a freaking sleepyhead we will see you
guys on Sunday because Saturday's is
gonna be a day off as we said but on
Saturday we have a Twitter contest so
make sure you guys follow us on Twitter
the link is below and I want to give a
huge shout out to Nora she's an
inspiration not to just Muslims or
hijabis she's an inspiration to non
hijabis and non-muslims and her
information will be below her link and
it was awesome sharing the stage with
her so thank you so much and thank you
to John Jay and to everybody who came I
showed a lot of love ties to kit that we
had it was a success I'm glad you guys
were laughs it went great but of course
we're gonna do better and we didn't show
it on the vlog because we thought maybe
if we do in future shows we didn't want
to just like blow it up like the whole
spot for it like that so we'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace
