Bunji BOGO I want to cry hey guys what's
up for do me gang I hope you're having
an amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day dumi gang this is behind the
scenes I am recording a vlog while
filming another vlog today so I'm doing
two blocks today so you guys doing I
know what I go through but I have to
film so many vlogs because I got to keep
this a secret I'm with my older brother
right now Abe Abe with kitty in a hoodie
and I doing bro right ready yeah I'm
Reno today's today's a big day big day
the closing day the day we get the keys
but yes guys mean Abe we're the ones
that been like the past 34 months like
working hard on this our whole family
they haven't seen nothing so we're gonna
Surprise them real real soon being able
like the two older brothers so we got to
hold it down and I'm saying we're going
to the office now look this big office
right there big Tings man big Tings it
do me again you guys do not understand
getting a house in New York is like the
hardest thing ever especially when
you're just 24 years old so this is a
big big accomplishment for me and the
houses here are so expensive because
they're in New York City getting a house
I can Florida California they're like
big mansions but since my whole family's
in New York City I can't leave the fam
you got to keep them together with you
know what I'm saying Ronnie guys you
know I'm saying so I always got to stick
with my mom my dad my niece's my nephews
I'm more excited for the kids to be
going in so I'm a counselor house to
learn how some house alert Wow oh my god
I can't believe in the clothes yo my god
the keys are in there just throw that
window something about doing the smell
it to me Oh some yeah everyone who
waited with us and was patient thank you
guys so much to anyone who looked down
on me look down on the Addams Family
just to know we don't care about you
guys we always going up you know oh my
god it's cold it's cold
I do me getting we're inside the
building where we're getting the keys
and look at this man some crazy art man
this is all made out of cans and it
looks like the globe and over here what
it was
amen oh wow Captain America Iron Man
this is dou a by dou pushing which one
yo if you push one everything is good
look at this bro the media with with
Goya and sauce
yes Wonder Woman there I don't know that
Sonic hi mommy this definitely she has a
lot of cans yeah I know hi guys we're
giving you guys an exclusive
behind-the-scenes they give you
permission to film here so huge shout
out to to guidance and to everyone here
first of all I want to show the listing
agent um Romo thank you so much Romo
helped me so much so I wanna say a huge
thank you to Roma and definitely you
live near us now so yes anything come
through it and I'm bought it from me so
you know how would I it was crazy
usually almost film outside right now
I'm inside in the cozy and I'm here with
my attorney of guidance cigar it's a
doorman thank you know this guy had my
back translations to mrs. sherry as
wallet or on her recent wedding and the
sale rats to you and come to me for
anything we definitely forms a real
estate when I devised all bank
hey ready yeah sure my man was doing
we're finally done this is the most I've
ever sorry for smell I didn't take no
shower but yo oh my god we got a house
we're so emotional right now it's insane
right it's a big big step for us like oh
thank you guys man big step none of this
could have happened without you guys so
thank you guys a do me gang for
everything this is a big step for us
everything is just gonna be up from now
on with the houses upcoming everything
going up going up and daughter from the
bottom now we're here started in a few
days we're gonna show you guys the whole
house you know why because I'm leaving
to Dubai to do the fan love with you
guys but it's all good in the hood
I got the keys I can't wait till you
guys see it by the way our family Rima
moss and my dad they know we're moving
but they do not know which house which
one we chose or they don't know which
house at all so because we'd be showing
them like a couple of here they're so
pretty much surprising them in a way so
when they see it they're gonna be like a
maze so happy so am i able we did it man
we did it we did it congratulations
congratulation do me yank it is final we
are moving out officially in a few days
I love you so much Rima is so sad right
now are you sad because first of all
want it because they will to leave this
house I know I'm still happy - you're so
happy - why are you happy because I'm
moving to a bigger house oh that's so
cute
everyone's gonna oldest you know it do
me gang this is such a big step for the
kids for us for the whole I do me gang
seriously give me hug I need a hug I
need a hug oh my god this is this is
insane we're freaking move it out man
I've been
in this place since I was three years
old now I'm moving out with my family
that I never thought that I would even
have this is crazy man like thank you
guys so much for the support in this
house this is a legendary house thank
you thank you you guys are sir she's so
amazing I love you do me gang the Adams
family loves you guys we're literally
packing our stuff and everything as you
guys can see behind us and then in a few
days I'm surprising my whole family with
the house because they've never seen it
yeah you're sad not to see my friend
you're not gonna see your friends we're
oh don't worry you're gonna make new
friends you're gonna make new teachers
it's gonna be dope is gonna be amazing
don't worry mom you're still six years
old you have a long way ahead of you
we was like you're not you're not making
eight you're six Reva and this boy I
hear he's starting his new chapter in
the new house and do me again you guys
do not know how much of a big nose it
says it's gonna take us a few days to
pack and get everything ready going to
Dubai and by the time I come back to the
bike that's when we're moving it to the
house and I'm showing my whole family
and you guys revealing the whole house
to you guys do me again we got so much
stuff to pack this is all our luggage we
have so far we have a long way to go
I'm so so excited for this new chapter
the hole Anna's family is so so excited
but at the same time we're kind of sad
because we're gonna miss our home but
it's for the better do me ganc better
videos better okay you sure oh my god I
think there's ghosts in this house man
should we just leave now thank you guys
so much for loving support I love you
guys and I'll see you guys in the next
shot do me gang I just got to Dubai yes
I've already in Dubai real quick that
ready no but yes that is the big news I
am moving out to a new house with my
whole family you guys will get to see
the house once I'm back to New York City
which is in around three to four days I
really hope you guys are as excited as I
am because it's gonna be literally crazy
thumbs up if you guys are as excited as
I am to be going inside the new house is
gonna be so much fun I cannot wait even
though I have to be in Dubai for three
days and come back I don't mind I'm so
so excited because I'm gonna get to meet
you guys and see you guys tomorrow
November 4th 6:00 p.m. you guys do not
know where I'm performing you guys will
see it right now this is the store
everyone knows Wow and I'm gonna be on
there what this stage that's exactly
where I'll be at it's all free free
performance free meet-and-greet I cannot
wait you do me Hank thank you guys so
much from the bottom of my heart for
like literally sticking there by my side
being with me and like through my ups
and downs like throughout the whole
journey thank you guys so so much
tomorrow
I got you guys a crazy dope flag you
guys are gonna see me in the biggest
billboard in Dubai I'm gonna go to it in
person and you guys will see it thank
you guys so so much more level support
I'll see you guys tomorrow to me gang
let's keep killing it
and Dhoom again breaking the internet I
am still deciding the winners so make
sure you guys keep comments and keep
tossing it up oh and I just posted a
picture on my Instagram and I might be
choosing the winner from that Instagram
picture because I haven't posted and
I'll be choosing a winner
from either a like or a comment so make
sure you guys go like or comment this
picture right here I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me I take care and peace I
like chillin in it swear to god II
should've came willing gives you Yemen
baby makes in Yemen aid place I'll meet
you there I'll treat playing like an
uber if that makes me imagine earnest us
and see you much noona but ditional
think Montalban end
my mom will my birthday inside you yeah
baby
