hey guys what's up so today is a special
day you know what it is Monday you know
it they are Monday this was it you know
what it is
wow he doesn't know what it is I today
are you sure you don't know so hola
alright today is our 100th video on a si
flags you didn't know that nothing is
tomorrow
well we're doing it right now demo now
this guy didn't know man I said today's
a special day it's our 100th video whole
this is our 100th video on a a black
high five celebration of 100 video we
don't know what to do special that's
really special
the next day a young lawyer will take it
with a nice still young but I don't know
he just said but we want to thank you
guys for being there from more video 1
or video whatever you started watching
us till 100th video hopefully you guys
still be here when we have believed in
2000 videos here oh you're stupid
Michael alright so this what happens in
America they cease making out
yep
wow that is crazy Macy's I think a
couple should never make out publisher
and so since we got 100 videos um which
we asked excuse me sir
we just got 100 videos on YouTube like
you care
I mean but one you guys care right we
got 100 videos on a black Channel
congratulate us thank you so much thank
you
have we have 100 videos that are usable
eyeshadow can you give me a blanket
design so I can get a little bit of it a
little bit of work a little better than
chatting to get my friends whatever yes
right no I don't she said we got five
cents for every view with the help the
only way you make one your few tips to
click on the ad and nobody clicks on the
freaking ad so I click on load we got it
yeah we had a hundred videos and I easy
election
can you congratulate us please everybody
doesn't care yeah you know how hard to
cuss for 100 videos miss on your videos
can you give me thank you okay
we just hit 100 videos ha no can say
congratulation congratulation can give
me a kiss on cheek now you good what we
just did 100 our hundred video on
YouTube is ending like you say I love
these guys i watch all the video for
your hand yeah I work say something with
camera we got a can't believe here's our
hundred video is there in the like
man
so once again we're at John Jay College
chef's college and this time we snuck in
Kareem
we snuck him in here and he he said you
gotta go to the library and I he's in
here oh you turned like say our secret
huh oh the hell did you just do it is
why I cannot be in a room along these
freaking guys what yeah I heard man
so there's something called we call it
the a si laughs mean share whenever we
laugh I don't know if you guys ever like
experience that we laugh like we can
never stop laughing and when you try to
talk we still have it's guys and
contagious yeah and then I saw we called
it a vid you the rectum baby like that's
pretty bad so if you guys you guys ever
do that I mean say like you wish was all
the power bi dog you can't are you oh
yes oh my god you did it oh my god the
cool I think in the concert like oh cool
spider-man lucielle stay happy ow ow ow
ow
please Captain America I hurt my finger
is the problem here I hurt my finger
do you feel better now yes captain
Berger thank you this is it alarm clock
it's not really a car and I'm gonna
let's use it this is from da from Canada
thank you so much for this and yeah I
don't know why she gave me a long talk
because they probably know that I'm a
sleepyhead
but rimas already my alarm clock say it
again
beep bebe rimas already my alarm clock I
know I like but now I have too long
clocks reman and Harry boom-boom
twinsies you like cars huh do you like
cars yeah you do
Rema can you fix your asses say bits
bass look babe this nice bass let best
bass this Biswas pubis this girl man
subsidies when you talk don't see this
see this keep your tongue in this mess
eBay oh my goodness this bass don't
touch me like that song bass bass hmm
okay you want to give me kiss you give
me kiss give me give them a kiss okay
moving picking mouth have to wait okay
god the hell rivers all lovey WT you
guys take baby motions I'm a crema rocky
Rima do sad face happy face happy face
okay do a crying face when do a crying
face Nicki Minaj face is it Nicki Minaj
face huh
as a Nicki Minaj face do a does it do a
little Wayne face FEMA do little fish
what the heck do i do i do adam face
Adam fish do it
I don't do that well I kind of do it
that face a hey dumb with Mack you are
ma do that face mmm
even though okay do uh do a kind of face
live in the comments below office Rima
should do next and she don't you going
do a ratchet face do a ratchet face come
on
alright that's that's okay it's a super
ratchet no no that noon Delilah that's a
Miley Cyrus ache a right to be oops
so class today's true story in a hundred
video so a response we will not have
class today so you may now all like this
yeah we can get the hell out of here Oh
going to give a huge shout out to Adam
solid the person I've been doing this
NSA vlog since day one which was about
Fox many year ago yeah it's exactly
wondering go to kinda hungry like we've
actually came really far thanks to
everyone's support all your support for
I take the cream for always being with
us in a stay in there with hope she's
nursing so I just want to thank you very
much for helping us reach this bunch of
gold this is just the beginning guys I
just go it's nothing special having 100
videos but you know it's 100 videos is
just cool the cool number so thank you
guys so much for 100 videos tell them to
go Turkey it's a single took you guys
don't say that go chicken is the go
Turkey every says that my comments do
nothing but go through with your cuz
they gotta go Turkey 100 video admit
Isis is we got 100 videos we're just
going to do a set that celebration dance
I know we can't do much but we had class
a long day of class today but we're
trying our best for you guys to do what
we do so drop the music come on cream
member
nowadays everybody wanna talk but they
got something to stay true to story a si
all day every day
pow okay guys she always give it give it
cheap all right
whoa boy I'm rogue a kid I broke it my
god because when I rely on buzz whenever
the other whenever he has a freaking pen
he plays beats with it like we're gonna
we're rehearsing for our show that's
gonna be on Thursday which is tomorrow
from tomorrow every show and so we're
gonna show you guys you owe everybody a
preview of it we wouldn't want to like
show the whole thing so how it goes so
cuz you have to come to the show to find
out and yeah John's rheumatologist what
it is so and and is that first time
doing this all together so if we kind of
myself is it like Green trying our best
sister time 110 time to show it I guess
my fish counted time
well go thank you thank you all right
guys before we continue unless
yourselves
my name is shake for to start a si oh my
name is Adam from true story obviously
true soy and a sak yeah and my name is
Kareem are we famous now and today all
right tonight we're here to show you
fish up alright so I hope you guys are
all having a great night and I want just
to tell you guys a story I'm actually
what to tell I don't know if I I've
never told you guys and I'm Trevor told
them so I'm going to tell you guys for
the first time a story that I wanted to
share so and it has a story right so one
time and get ready when I was 7 years
old I was in Yemen house in school in
Yemen
years old and I'm my class math class
right yes but not business yeah one one
fight for the mess hi guys the rest is a
secret so I mean sorry I wanted to show
more but I think if we do show more is
gonna ruin the moment yeah I'm gonna buy
it's gonna be below just if it is um
it's better live if it does be a success
like we're gonna be doing it more and
more shows which other show you guys
well I guess we make a good team like
the Power Rangers Power Rangers mighty
force Go Go Power Rangers yeah I called
goon Ranger I call Blue Ranger
I'm the bald Ranger Oliver useable
alright guys so it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you guys enjoyed this
100th video on our a si vlog channel it
means so much having a hundred videos
just knowing the fact that we've
uploaded a hundred times on this channel
is amazing
any sign of like channels I'm another
mucho make sure you guys subscribe to
the ACA black channel you have already
over 50,000 subscribers to thank you
guys so much don't forget to subscribe
so we can even get bigger and better
team a si you guys are seriously the
greatest make sure you give this video
thumbs up and go Turkey on a si vlogs
and yeah now we have three digits of
videos when we upload more soon so thank
you guys so much for always being here
and you guys can say that you guys been
here before 100 videos and hopefully
inshallah you guys will be here after
100 videos stay awesome stay cool we'll
see you guys tomorrow you guys for the
love and support that you guys always
show it means truly mean so much so
