hey guys hi guys doing today I'm
starting off the day with some double
chocolate fudge cookies and a coffee I
got my coffee three sugars and some milk
and shake I shake you got your coffee
Jake
coffee tea coffee
hey Mina got coffee I like to like -
yeah like - well I was gonna ask them
that right now leave it in the comments
below what do you like most
are you a coffee person or your tea
person I'm usually a coffee and a tea
person on both we're only pot only cup
have you tried tea yeah it tastes like
crap I'm serious tea tea is awesome ever
by doing color every morning by morning
some days I like coffee some days I like
tea so I snuck in shakes College John
Jay College just to get with him
I always have to sneak because I go to
another college and I'm like what the
freakin freak man I'm like um I have to
go on Oh what am I saying this what if
people go what if what if stuff Adam
does to see me yeah what if there's
people that go to John Jay College and
they start telling like that about
College I so what if there's people go
to John Jay College and they tell like
like hey do you know this kid named Adam
it's like yeah this short kid with a
hatter and want to meet you guys been
that saying of him cuz we film here
sometimes when yeah and yeah shakers
about to hit the club Ryan are you going
to the club yeah yeah yeah I'm gonna hit
the club go they're sick
a shirt when you talk or something then
it touches let me see let go of it I had
owned it
Adams a retard Wow hi I saw sir yo yeah
hi
I'm going up how much inside 35 whoa
that is sick dang it huh one battle
dancer
it's night will last forever hey hey hey
you want so you get it out it was you
want a good job you did a better job
take you lost man he's a loser say is it
loser loser loser
look Atomics loser loser loser
I see now are you two little suppose I
don't watch Emma which video you saw I
was giving up bananas suppose I can see
bombs as nice to happen homeless before
hoes there he goes as messed up we can
take Polly apoyo Instagram wait okay
what is it with it a one spider-man he's
choking me
hero hero ah killing Adam thank you so
much for thank you so much thank you yo
yo yo say cheese
the video oh you know I don't have any
problem with upload telly darling
nice I love your accent if Georgia gonna
March we can have access to - again
relaxing how you do it yeah come on
let's go everybody
here the night that I oh my goodness
moves like talk cuz like Toys R Us ha
who is this problem ah this is a um
looks really girly but looks cool and a
One Direction poster only you guys would
send me a One Direction poster this is
cool
true story I've been a fan of yours not
for long I've only found out about you a
month ago and trust me it's been so fun
my family are so thank you so much too
Atika I swear you guys go freaking crazy
thank you so much you for everything
this is just amazing and you're and it's
crazy how you just been a fan for a
month for a month and you've been having
so much a lot of fun we're glad you're
having a lot of fun with us and yeah we
have fun with you guys too and a fab
it's me fab set thank you so much we're
gonna share this three-month shift and
we'll have a lot of fun with these so we
just got you to the basketball courts
and we're gonna play basketball first
and after that we're gonna play soccer
because we you don't and this kibo just
what you guys don't see what's up yeah
they just they spotted us here when they
know what's for my videos they didn't
know it's the beginning and now they do
yeah cuz we got naked when he got naked
they knew who were he's gonna get his
team we got our team what and you guys
wait that's from Egypt mere but yeah
Bruce me already
oh nice alright cool so we're gonna play
them and you guys ready yeah yeah that's
nice so we just saw a monkey right now
Oh
and you google know don't you
good show us something
oh nice try something oh come on son you
know put it on hold its up yeah is that
so
oh yeah
you ready sir dude one move man you
don't say you going after him already
push it all the way
oh my grandma faster oh you got it huh
you got it up do push-ups I suck at it
smooth nice
oh I got you got you
you need some funny old faucet Oh
Killa alright guys so it's time to wrap
up this vlog hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog d black flag we are gonna be having
a no video soon we're still finishing up
the filming taking so long and like we
have a lot of new videos coming soon but
it's just you know college is picking up
but we're still have a sa daily vlogs
hope you guys are enjoying these vlogs
and leave it in the comments below if if
these vlogs do brighten up your days or
if you guys do look forward to this
every single day and give this video a
thumbs up if you guys do look forward to
a CA daily vlogs every single day there
was no reaction today because she went
chatted doctor's appointment and I
barely got this here today and she's
asleep
and you can still get tickets for the
show that's on Thursday in John Jay
College link is below make sure you
follow on some Twitter links to below
because we are we might have a Twitter
contest on Saturday so yeah make sure
you follow us on Twitter and stay
updated and we did - Instagram videos
today so make sure you guys check those
out see you guys then take care and
peace
