hey guys what's up so we just got we
just met up and we're going to go get
some tea and after that we got to go
talk some business about my John Jay
Kyle we have a show in John Jay College
more info throughout the vlog so yeah
you guys are gonna which I was getting
gonna get - oh my gosh and I got real
food Wow see I'm not hungry I'm just
gonna get seen so man this family's
hungry go see is yeah you guys look
hungry huh the guy on YouTube yeah do
you know I've seen two of your videos
which one the one with the homeless
people boy and idea and the other one
talking Arabic to people that was funny
the garvik yeah I speaker with a mouse
Oh twinsies oh yeah okay let's get you
there okay Sanjay raises our head the
head legged pair trades
from New York everywhere yeah hi guys
Ireland do you know now in one direction
yeah Jerry do you know Niall from one
d'argent I need the camera now I'm
single and yes they shake broke up with
me he's a dream that oh he didn't hold
the door from really really ruler eating
like freaking monsters man mashallah
look at that look at them
it's like having a Chipotle battle
receive a similar course decision huh
yeah now you said I got you nice are you
I'm in EM okay I don't know am i back or
more I'm actually second freezy pens ik
what's that that's my name
what is nice where you from I'm from Las
Vegas oh nice you look cool hey are you
really hurt uh-huh really uh-huh
I mean who would walk around with those
yeah you know it's bad luck right it's
bad luck right this what sharing country
shelf yeah and if your question you're
not broken again oh well good thing I
didn't get the wheels slightly taking a
picture when you doing
a photobombing the other foot of our
elevation is mama channel wisdom right
now and as people right now they're in
jail in the middle of a New York City so
to see how
she locked up Oh meow Oh are they doing
this to me other new loving if I help me
give me some food
please
please help me out I do not me I'm
innocent
mmm delicioso huh
that is your son si delicioso
rimas the our version of Dora the
Explorer all right that's enough you you
got to go to the gym okay she says she's
gonna hit the gym you and hit the gym
huh are we gonna hit the gym okay that's
it ma'am it was like one more one more
little position when I hit the gym Rima
yeah then one more one more Oh mom
huh huh well oh one two we was gonna
attempt to jump three going mahjongg oh
you just caused the earthquake you just
cuz workout time au revoir what are you
doing sneaking buddy
it's workouts I'm tough sneaky yeah huh
it's workout time huh okay that's it
workout time one more one more
let's go read my betters workout time
sounds wake up one more yeah okay sorry
go whenever she eats something really
tasty she just says yummy yummy yay say
bismillah Rima say bismillah bismillah
yeah good job
it's nice looks nice how much did you
get it for it looks like huh
35:35 will you come hi I told you you
put that back that's nicer what bag this
is New York City oh no novice no you
must know you make inaudible as much
exactly like that other crap tonight no
you can't you can't just you can't just
stand like that I'm standing right here
I bet go yeah you will you will get hurt
out here will you
well our president if you do have it if
you do that again what you're getting
out of here for you hurt they're getting
a nice car get sorry really
yo-you or Mary or concealer too close to
me situation is here is up but to get
real yes sir yes sir
okay that called the cops on him
oh I'm gonna call the cops on him like
that anything to do on this no he's
dating his opinion he does to us when
eyes come on you he did it to come too
close there was nothing he was sayin is
a human history teacher teaching us what
teaching us nothing you had to be here
all right I am II I'm in America New
York same position nationality from
Pakistan
you know in all actuality this is not
for you this is only your softball
Black's Native Americans and Hispanics
anybody else you get the hello and
really I mean you can hear your judgment
but this is not for you this is for
God's chosen this is only for gosh told
me he's not black though he's not black
oh hey if you were listening
I said blacks made of American and
Hispanic
he's nice Manik he's white you know what
Rockhurst history that's why America has
to be destroyed there's a lot this
malicious dumbest the why in America you
wanted to be destroyed
hands you got a right you also you want
to say I didn't around no they got him
right there with the copy that's so much
stuff he I was gonna be just grabbing
his opinion would you want to try some
in America I can say no no this is yes
it does you know how you go I'm an idiot
forget it you call me well yes you are
I'm stupid yeah and I'm idiot
yes you are I know thank you very much
thank you thank you so much I don't we
said her god it's a good interracial
marriage and he talks about God now
after you called me idiot and that dream
has not been realized yet if moral I
know with your heat no no no no no
listen listen Justin me to shut up oh my
god help me to perish then which was
born in vain
let the multitude perish then which was
born in vain a lot of you were born for
no purpose and I know we thank you so
much you know what really should have
happened a lot of you are a lot a lot of
your father's a lot of your father's
should've gone in the bathroom in last
what we're here to spread negativity
does everybody here is ready to make us
feel you plural these over here you're
here to make us feel like share
something that well if y'all look down
at the twelve tribes in Israel I would
love to bow unless you're the age I am
from the tribes go how much do it how
much do I pay to be here how much you
got paid a beard how much you operate a
beard I mean this is from Rivera I am
reading on lovable thanks for always
making me smile that's a level hope you
like drawing and bracelet this is
amazing mashallah the bracelet is oh my
gosh injust like that but it's made out
of wood and people always complain ting
it's gold when it's not when I cave in
afford gold but is this is it's gonna
match my chain now look what do you guys
get these from but thank you so much for
Veda this is amazing and you are
talented
alright guys so it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog make sure you give this video
thumbs up and go turkey bacon because a
CA daily vlogs are here and every day we
have a new vlog for you to brighten up
your days and thank you guys so much for
all the tweets you guys always send us
right right after you guys watch the
vlog and you guys always tweet us like
what's your favorite part and what do
you guess us and snapshots what parts
you liked and stuff and for the put on a
competition I'll admit um shake shake
what he won but I want a rematch I'll
admit the loss and yeah he won so
hopefully I'm will have around too
because i letting that slide we'll see
you guys tomorrow
take care I love you guys so much thank
us for all the support and love on the
ACLU vlogs we'll be having no video soon
and a lot more to come in the main
channel we have a lot of new stuff
coming so take care we'll see you guys
tomorrow and peace
yeah
