you're hungry like this here let me
check them good I was thinking I know
man right now about to head out to extra
Canada huh always tripping it made it
sing about sure you did check you though
did you keep these check your pockets if
they didn't check out but you check
about it he didn't take my husband's
wallet check mine he did - that's good
just like putting his hands oh right now
we're heading to Canada Toronto and
we're about to go there flight the plane
they got even buy me dinner he's running
his hands all over me please buy me
dinner
goodbye America I mean you having
honestly goodbye America hello Canada
some some guys have a lot to me with
like at this time and interval
electronics must be turned off and stole
yeah they also TARDIS critical I mean
what citizen has been switched off
however receiving and transmitting yes
we must go easing off at all time please
check with a crew member before using
any electronic device really
we're watching it is freezing cold I
would just ask Canada and it's like 20
degrees less than what it was in in New
York and you get some good sleep I
didn't get no good sleep share this is
the worst freaking partner to sit next
to okay I didn't sleep at the Nazis
yesterday I homie shaming threesome and
we got Messina all right
hey I'm sure she'll as I say to her and
Carter I would have liked looking at
finger see the legs man I got I got I
got I got I got they just give us a
heart to us as far as nice man so did
they give us a freaking hard time
license plate what it says oh oh oh
don't do now but I'm gonna correct it I
want to get in here I gotta see
No - I did yeah you're the closet though
don't kill is it we just go yeah you got
to the hotel so what's up it right cha
what's up
and today we're doing the shoot yeah
what we doing today you can sway motors
using video it's a surprise but it's
gonna be crazy I so Adam whisper
bullshit cream number in there already
first time in Canada yes I first time
weekend that's gonna be crazy
pull up shake let's see how oh my what
damn shake just got an orgasm
oh my you jump on the beds that's the
first thing you gotta do once you go
alright ready oh let's face it's nice Oh
called it this is I don't know Jean joke
you have to see one this one cream has
to be alone oh this is my bed right
there
crema though we're in the middle into
you oh no I'll just check in my hair all
right so we're getting right now this is
the shots for the music video and yep
classy
close up yes if you got a tie closer
we're looking to class enormous swaggy
we look like Canadians now writing very
good kids I like that feeling very fresh
today and here with Adam in shape and
sadly we had a little malfunction with
my pants so you got a great source wear
black pants will go gray says scream
black this was a school uniform and I'm
in high school so it feels like we're
going back to high school huh did bring
Canada right now this is crazy another
we are in Canada Canada like it just hit
me right now it's Canada like another
almost far from New York City right
we're in Canadian don't let walk up
we're famous singers we're in a boy band
but we're just like classy and we have
about twenty million followers on
Twitter and on on Facebook about 50
years about 50 million likes on Facebook
and you know Justin Bieber
I bet just a mirror and they're doing a
collab with him soon
it's gonna be a real big look good thank
you so much thank you thank you so much
I got no blaster sir are you guys ready
to hear the song I'm going to be
shooting yes right in here Nigel and it
takes like two minutes together
now you you could amount the song we're
gonna be shooting and this will be
I don't yeah
oh good
yo J let's do ever
with the homeboy at the card sir um just
put on a bow tie for me Sokka look like
a valet like my work you look pretty
much like a valet my Dooley am i - I
don't mean I I never really dressed like
this but I actually like it looks like
how do I look you're the bad boy in the
video so yeah we're gonna beat you up I
would start flexing good Oh
oh man I was doing push-ups in a hotel
yeah yeah well I got it Teddy thank you
yeah what's up phone shout out to my
homie whisky room it's my car it's book
cause welcome to Canada boys oh thank
you very camera crew
doing it
room service and this is what we do when
we're too lazy to go out and just get
food and we got this and whilst we got
that's a Canadian pizza you see which
one's yours this yes yeah okay
oh my god so ah yes a t-bone steak oh
yeah mashallah things you yeah here's
one damn girl
dinner man and an egg for a girl oh that
looks good bro yeah I'm good yeah yo
wait who said he could take a fry
sheeni
Oh
and that's good New Yorkers it was a we
chillin we good man
Lucy too hard is the lady she gonna come
out you guys didn't come on in a second
with this guy on it you go looks like it
looks like my dad who's he huh oh oh
good question you know I don't know ha
ha ha ha nice Italy my dad throws just
some hardened uh I got knees and dislike
your dumbbells in New York I love you
grab three guys from New York here you
go shake we just like a date for tonight
aa charity gala okay I'll take you after
work this she's busy just turned you
down she's one New Yorker Wow okay fine
whatever runs right now we're at Milton
there's a farm and I mean howdy guys
right now Milton we're in a farm in uh
you know in Canada and it's looking
pretty good we got some animals in here
you got some ducks we got some horses we
got some creams it's southern accent it
is yes I don't then we got some shakes
and we got some negative a I'm where
when you come close I swear a smothered
bilateral goes to the horse cover see
son don't talk to you like that things
invite you is I gonna bite you know all
the pony you got a pony that was like a
pony don't look at me like that we
lookin at yo choke here like a light are
you so cute huh I said even cut no mommy
I mean come hide on me this is Rami can
you see him yeah hi Ronnie
Tommy oh they don't like each other look
they're gonna fight Rami look Oh No
hi Tommy who touch him relax he's nice
he's nice lady
uh-oh oh yeah they don't like each other
oh we are anyway boy this almost has
been the shot and she's a beautiful
Queen she has been very good to us she
has she's a really nice horse
my man right here girl yeah he's a
medicine what's your name Mike Mike Mike
Rowe what's the horse's name Mira Mira
Mira Mira Mira oh it sounds like Arabic
lady in a mirror I'm here we're gonna be
doing is we're gonna show you guys how
to twerk and a tort comedy she's gonna
start all right everything's gonna tour
kinda hot right now it's slow Savannah
okay go you're gonna go just do it huh I
would never
oh just rub her nose that she'll like it
there you go
Oh mother from the kid stop it Ali stop
it was an Indian name was Tommy I'm each
other
and shout-out to Nadia from Russia was
just sort of watching our vlog so yeah
chat at to you and hi from Canada and we
just we're just here chillin with in the
farm looking at that what how can it is
so beautiful hey love this cat oh I love
cats
Oh kitty soon it's only cute hi
she's so nice she's not like one of
those cats I just runs away yeah beragon
once here she's like she bite there's no
K no they don't like hi kitty
you okay oh what's that
Oh gasps more cats like the other cat
looking at the other guy didn't climbing
that we gonna cosa yeah whoa oh look a
high comment comment I come hi doing
good still he's nice I'm actually not
scared of this ugh
he's cool look at him look how close I'm
- yeah just broke my fear this dog is so
nice yeah comment kind of yoga you
should get the cats climbing they're
climbing it yeah go see them look at
these kitties but dangerous cats look at
them yeah you're the bad kitties like oh
my god they're crazy what are you doing
kitty oh they're nice oh look another
cat came I don't know him yeah yo I
swear
shoutout to pvp man if they were here
they'll have you keep all these chasm
smelly god this cat is so cute I love
cat sir I don't know but it's a sexy cat
want to keep it random cat yeah love it
they're different parties on the phone
they're nice oh shit he's a Hey hi I was
doing the music video he's about to do
this thing right now but that do his
thing just waiting for the camera work
to get in its gonna go out official man
he's really funny guys hang out with to
and a crazy driver Oh Oh crazy driving
through him - you're reckless driver yo
now this is the most peaceful place I've
ever been and we needed it
yeah we needed it so much because
usually we're always hanging out like in
the city so much craziness is going on
and Oh being here with like animals and
all these geese right now like look at
this link over here hanging out beauty
with the horses with the freaking dogs
with the cats and it's all running
freely he did not change so peaceful and
made me get relieved like we need at
times I'd be like all our problems we we
need it to be like a farmer for like a
day and just hang out with this so quiet
is dead around me everything's nothing
just yeah we needed that so much but all
up from the city they need this yes
all we need is that one special girl but
I'm stuck with this dude man I know
right I'm sick of this dude
guys not scared of dogs anymore go up
cuing and do nothing man come over here
don't bring in enough cream come with me
just in case look at the small dogs
coming he's gonna gang up on us right
now look all those baka he's barking at
us this one just came like what's going
on dudes I'll beat you up
what's up kid
oh my god hello he came in we came in
he's like he just came running like this
like all the dogs I'm not scared damn
I'm scary I came in he just came on your
ad if he's gonna like he's gonna bite
rad
your atoms chill chill chill Adam
Sheshadri said if you eat this spicy oh
you're here which is super spicy yeah I
have to tweet at the tree that he's the
most handsome guy I've ever met
and Twitter's and ladies are always
asking me what's the secret behind me
being hot open your mouth take your time
little bit more love this man yet kinder
um I got your truth Allah are you do for
fun oh
oh this is my bought camera broke I'm
using a food iPhone and we got the fans
here in AMA and Toronto and say what's
up yo thank you guys for coming out here
and we're just chillin yeah I lost my
voice because I got chased by a dog and
I'm screaming so hi guys so the meet and
greet was freakin amazing you guys were
so hype and great loud shrieking oh my
goodness I cannot thank you guys for all
the stuff you guys did like yeah you
guys give and receive a pin set a free
Syria and Yemen flag pin and you gotta
keep calm because we are famous now and
this is teddy bear right here I love you
so wear this everywhere you guys were
seriously sweet and so nice and shout
out to Sean Madurese and to card as a
heart
they make all this happen so yeah make
sure that the links are all below I
can't black with on some using his i'ma
reason his iPhone
he cannot even get a go no one saw him
we'll try to get you into Lake Santa and
this is honestly our first time we came
to a church together so it was fun
hey oh oh what are you doing he's links
to be here right now Ziggy below and I
fall in love and yeah hopefully we come
back here soon to Canada never ever wear
an American flag sweater to a Canadian
Air will go through a lot of trouble
well I've been losing my voice you guys
and I'm seriously sad I want to spend
more time at you guys with the security
in the Coliseum lounge juice he's
complaining a lot I don't know who cares
man you got nothing on us
right yeah I had actually like right now
we're about to head out we're at the
gate gate 65 so this is it guys is
exactly the N play 728 a bunch of that
and this
this is the end man gonna head off jack
off here and the loudest any from
getting a deal is in our hand this is
our B right here is our beginning we got
to come back soon inshallah and
hopefully everything goes right in okay
fly high so take care we'll see you guys
tomorrow since our refueling on to story
is day and at 7:00 I take our guys
