what do you know you can do any making
it's mine that's why hey guys what's up
a do me yank I hope y'all having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day
so if I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy day do
me gang I'm leaving to Dubai early
tomorrow morning so I'm staying in a
hotel tonight because I'm gonna get
picked up at the hotel tomorrow morning
to have to Dubai for the crazy fail of
so make sure you guys come through all
the information is right here it's a
free performance yes I said free
performance and a free meet-and-greet
for chapter 2 so make sure my rotted
eyes in Dubai come through if you guys
wanna have a crazy fun time ya already
know we do me yeah we always have some
crazy fun I'll see you guys November 4th
but I do be getting I'm about to go see
my family right now for the last time so
I'll come back in a few days also
tomorrow is the major surprise
announcement that I'm giving you guys
and I'm gonna go to my dad and Rhema so
we can speak about the major
announcement we're doing tomorrow
chillin oh why is your hair wet take a
shower okay do me yank sorry Munoz the
big announcement for tomorrow's video do
you want to say it today or when do you
want to say it tomorrow why because
don't don't let it slip out right now I
you want them to know tomorrow how
excited are you like like how excited
from one to ten ten you're losing voice
ooh guys Mihrimah both losing our voices
oh my god you okay we're losing our
voices let's go to my dad di D oh oh oh
what's up man I don't okay guys do me
yank my dad is feeling much much better
hamdullah but he has a big big surgery
in a few days so please pray for him he
has a big surgery he's a champ he's a
champion I love you and he knows the big
announcement to tomorrow do you know the
announcement yes you do don't pretend
you don't know I don't think my dad
knows what's in announcement but he
knows what it is and we have my mom
right there look him do you know the
announcement huh yes or no yes yeah she
said yes she knows the announcement a
bang bang bang
tomorrow stay tuned big announcement
right now I'm gonna go head out to go
see Slim and I'm staying the hotel for
the night because I'm heading to Dubai
tomorrow morning Reema Wow how are you
most flexible Wow it do me gang I
believe in my family right now Reba I'm
gonna miss you more mmm I love you so
much
be good take care take it outside and
then I'll turn it tomorrow don't forget
I'll see you do you say I love you boom
boom Wow my dad left outside it's all
good in the hood do me gang I'll see you
guys in the next shot do me gang I just
met up at the homie slim waiting
favorite to open the door slim seven
hello oh my god I feel like happens is
over hey what's up G was giddy Sarma I'm
leaving to Dubai
he's not coming with me this time but he
is coming for our Fashion Week it's
about to get crazy and do we get me in
slim be asleep Adobe the red carpet
carpet my radius suits saying cousins in
the bed wow the place we have is pretty
dope like we only have it for one night
but look so so sick I should've brought
my Pierce for me honestly lady this is
the living room wow it's pretty
dope man that is slightly bigger that's
why it's my bag look they're the same
size can tell you so many doors why is
there so many doors yo what are this
place is haunted like oh you bots in
here another cut what the hell are you
can that people like block them in the
closet what that yeah throw man
hey serious see monkey do I can't tell
the difference both I can't tell the
difference hey hey hold this for me Oh
keep it whenever you have trash on you
buddy a friend to be like here you go
this you've been doing this to me every
day for the last five years I know yeah
every single their everyday lives like
them non-stop like of annoyingness but I
hate smell of cigarettes and around my
face like my dad smokes about I don't
like I needed to quit so and it's not
good for you like you just it just
causes cancer hurts too much bully and
smokes a lot everyone I'm Adam I think
like I don't smoke cigarettes and his
dad did yeah with that it hated beauty
with this oh my god I'm the same way I
hate cigarette cigarette smell it's
really really nasty I'm going to that
guy they seem strong serious I'm at
Alma's bad huh they're me I'm smoking a
cigarette something about old Adam yeah
there's no Adam changed in the turn now
Wow already go mature like see mature
pretty now you can measure well
I'll ask him I'll tell him stuff for you
nobody's I go I'll see it watch all
right watch I'm going excuse me I should
say smoking singer
that's right later it's not good my dad
smokes too much cigarettes
how much you smoking a pack gorilla my
dad my dad is like secret three secrets
I think honest I bet that's not good but
slim Bruce's knows why he bruising your
nose bro I don't know man this hat bro I
don't know how that happened I just want
to say that I'm leaving in Dubai
tomorrow I'm a busy man yeah leaving you
I'm sorry I'm sorry but everything we've
been through together bro what you said
I'll always be me you know I know you
said you said was always gonna be me new
you and I swine this latter have you
guys you don't understand I see slim
every single day like he's when we
separate from each other it's like wow
I'm late bro it's really weird it's
really weird we see each other every
single day everyday like literally he's
not just like my basket used my cousin
man he's like more like he's you like my
little my little dumb brother seriously
all jokes aside that's good it's kind of
like it's like hugs and how much in this
video here I just want to say um
thank you guys so much for your love and
support I appreciate you guys I love you
guys
oh my it'd be ready 2018 it's gonna be a
while what was your favorite year so far
some out of all bitterness then relax
and all the years you've had like in
your career out of all beers how do you
feel like what what you do you think was
the best my favorite you like 2016 2016
over the city
w16 was my throne that's the rise and
slide oh yeah 26 he was six well we hit
but bro we met dot 2018 I believe it's
about it I think it's about like 2017
was a grind in the 22nd was Gras it was
like just like making stuff like you
know the whole album the stuff he's
doing now - it's just like we were you
guys seen it like every single day work
so hard on guys the first mile huh the
first couple months of 2017 we're crazy
- every train bro - yeah of course
twice
she was lit not 27 seam sealer with
twice not 27
can I tell you guys something you sure
okay so as you guys know I left like an
hour and I finished all your candies
yeah I finished all your candy I ate all
of it what do you know fat what even
unfair I ate your candy muscle ate all
your candy no yes I did
your candy there's no more candy no no I
finished it what do you mean
Muhsin what are you doing it's mine
that's why yeah
that's finished there's no more candy oh
my let me mother what do you mean let me
look for it what I seriously ate all
your candy I ate it
I'm sorry what do you mean no huh that
was the last candy you had there's no
more
I'm sorry Muhsin oh my god how the heck
did she look at was it he's gone masa
what are you doing
yes I did
thank you
thank you guys so much for a level
support I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care and bitch you ever take my out
ropes you can't write your best got slow
as won't ever take my outro that I'll do
right ready set go
ok ok to me gang take care and peace in
it swear to god he should've came
willing gives you your night baby makes
them Yemen aid make a place I'll meet
today I'll treat the plane like an uber
