hey guys what's up I am here waiting for
share to show up because we're trying to
fill my extreme dares in public video
I've been waiting for like freakin how
I'm supposed to showed up oh there's a
fire there's the fire though
what're firefighters always coming it's
gonna fire thankful I can't even play
chess
Kobe Bryant why can't I see an Arab boy
doing that man
we're not that smart that's why okay I
said this dude finally freaking showed
up
Jesus train he's lucky I didn't like let
you wait longer but the thing is as you
want to remember I didn't make him wait
longer than I sure didn't want to do
that because you need we had it though
if you did that to me I was gonna get
him back so any getting back that's a
always freaking comes lame and since I
come home early and he comes late like
two hours late every single day what's
wrong as you said we do wrong what you
ready you ready okay so we did a couple
of days but right now we're gonna go to
a Murakami and Fitch he's gonna take off
his shirt and go to the amber County
models and then he's my like welcome I'm
becoming how to say it sit let them
watch they say it how we gonna go let's
go take a train we go there yo shake why
can't mean you do this what the hell's
wrong I can't we do this weekend
I can't redo that shake huh
that's crazy
the killing it
so right now we're in every coming pitch
and shake we're gonna do it huh
shake is backing out and doing it ham
bukkake fits right there the models are
all the way in there and he's backing
out right now yeah I wanted to do
puresole down
huh
is letting us all down and that's it
they're right then take a walk dude why
such a move just one walk I said though
if we walk you'll be coming shuttle down
this is New York City
 touch okay
Jerzy cannot believe what the hell just
happened
I just left Dunkin Donuts to get free
Wi-Fi and you guys probably watch the
videotape Sunday so share the freaking
assaulted him then arrested him just for
grabbing the guy who actually grabbed it
like three times but he wasn't supposed
to even grab him like that so thank God
I had the footage I took out the memory
card that I had then I put up the other
other vlog memory card inside so when
the cops are checking it when the
security guard called the cops and they
were checking it to see what footage he
had they only saw nothing was basically
the plot in the vlog stuff live like and
earlier but they didn't find nothing
hopefully everything's gonna be fine so
make sure you guys go check out the
video for guys hasn't checked it out but
yeah I'll supposed to sleep over his
house today and edit the video together
but then this happened I don't think I'm
allowed in Cheryl's house since it's
probably going to be my fault
you know our parents are they blame the
other child for their problems and stuff
but yeah hopefully he'll be out a day or
two that's what the lawyer said and
we'll see what goes on so we'll see you
guys soon
I don't know happy birthday to you happy
birthday dear Imam and we're gonna give
you that face I'm singing you happy
birthday song happy birthday to you are
you miss two years old now and yeah nope
and she's not gonna have a birthday
party today unfortunately but I'm gonna
give her her own birthday party today
just like how Uncle Jesse gave a
birthday party to Michelle from flowers
okay Emma okay Emma what all right
m22
- guess who is finally free Angela this
homeboy
cheer up misty yo Missy
Suzy I miss you so much missed you too
I'm serious like like are you okay now I
am you sure so I'm sorry Mary I'm taking
him out to the movies today we're gonna
watch The One Direction movies gonna be
on me food is everything on me so don't
worry
everything should be Elena he does not
have a criminal record it's a
misdemeanor they charge him with
disorderly conduct he's okay now
yes I want to take community service
I'll be cleared out he has three days of
community service he's gonna be sorry
for laughing it he's gonna be cleaning
the streets a lot he's gonna be cleaning
the streets for three days and it's a
one the next one to clean yard next
month is gonna be cleaning this all week
I try to vlog you I don't think I can
probably try to vlog you for this but
and after six months there's no record
it's clear so he can still be a
president as he said he wants to be
white president cuz you always say you
want to be President your name is shake
hug but you need to change your name to
like Johnny Abraham I like when people
were asking they were telling me why
didn't I jump in why didn't I do
something why was that continual
recording I kept I kept recording
because I wanted to continue record
because to have evidence and to have
stuff and I did I wasn't gonna jump in
if I jumped in and hit him I woulda got
myself in trouble too I would've got
arrested too and they would have had no
footage for you guys and no nothing so
and plus I've been in a lot of trouble
so I didn't want to go in there and he
seemed like the type to arrest me even
if I'm trying to stop it
so I was trying to get his phone to call
his mother or to call the cops on him
but what's been going on at the theaters
right now we're about to watch one
direction this is us movie starts at
movie starts at starts at 12:01 12:01
a.m. we got one darshan candy so we
watched a movie with the $1 candy and
only 30 people are gonna be there
hopefully not that much people come
because if people don't shut up I got
tape just in case we get tape people's
mouth you don't shut up I'm taping them
up so hopefully you should be nice no I
only would be so loud and move I were
trying to get some snacks to sneak into
the movie theaters while we eat
so we got some candy but this is don't
get caught this is like this this should
be my closet right here movie starts in
about 20 minutes we got up Nutella
Snickers almost with pretzels roasted
garlic chocolate-covered popcorn
chocolate-covered pretzels a bueno water
and a shake agua huh you can't factor of
any of those go like that - a nice all
right so ready that hopefully we try to
sneak these into movie theaters and once
I'm high your water what's free
that's not free I mean it's ours but you
could get you want some which one you
want
which will you choose you can choose the
you edit which anyone
it's up to you why not have one oh hi
yeah
welcome no problem enjoy my ticket
you're gonna BA all right let's go oh
what's up
Zane what's up Louie what's up um desi
direction yeah and what's up what's
up you gotta fit in with them what's up
Leah Nile and Hera let's do this come on
with the only guys here and when yours
girls and people think we're getting
comfortable we're not
I have a present for you thank you
if you calculations thank you right
Scalia your body fat loss oh brother
oh boy you would hold its I think you
look after watching this video the Marty
my love for whether I should just grew I
think they're perfect and I love them so
much don't judge us did they're normal
people and they're like my fees and like
them I like my brothers and and and yeah
they're like family Circe's was a nice
movie and nothing to watch it I
recommend you guys to watch it and you
mean he needs to go pee ABC's bathroom
married about the zone go so yeah okay
hold you upp alcohol how they talk okay
go to your head
you have to make sure it's absolutely
clean ahead obviously I need a nap
oh good there's was real there is real
whatever you want to him right now into
your head you have to do it in the
center of the face center of the face is
no yeah right here so listen if you are
squeamish if you do have a weak stomach
please throw up in front of someone
filming would be hilarious on YouTube it
would but if it did we get a lot of hits
man it would it be cool alright here we
go here we go
oh yes hey I'm just kidding up totally
fine this way so please don't just run
home and hammer a nail into your face
don't do it
that's right if you want to see the
nailed all the way say
I was kidding
all right I'll try it yeah bloodthirsty
penis it we're not going into the face
I'm gonna be honest no this not
comfortable all right got it loose
you want a good view right there look at
that yeah be out here sipping on there
yeah that's a good shot right there
all right so since Rima she didn't have
a real birthday party
and nobody gave her anything special me
and Highland we're gonna give her
something special we're gonna put on a
show for her we're gonna give her a
birthday party and we're gonna entertain
her
and we're gonna make it feel extra
special today so REE mom let's get it
started first up it's called
hi my name is Randall you love me no
come give me a hug give me a big hug
are you so sweet well I'm you know I
mean
are you busy
so we got the cake the pancake actually
for Iman for her birthday
you're coming Reba darn I'll just bring
him happy birthday to you happy birthday
to you happy birthday dear Rima happy
birthday to you
blah blah blah blah Make A Wish go go go
go let's go come yeah all right so now
it's time to dance
shoot slow down Brando I'm wiggling each
other yay she's 2 years old now
thank you so much for the wishes be
happy dream on
she said thank you so much see bye I
love you give me kiss okay so before I
tell you guys what we're eating we're
eating Ilan beef pepperoni so I don't
want to see no people saying oh it's not
highlighting some pitch and speed
pepperonis from be a mini spot it's it's
Helen and oh you guys probably seen mom
over here Harris hi so more kyoki's it
would up tell her that we're just eating
in New York yeah
cream of a dreamer is banished yesterday
I was getting on like a party was your
day they were sugar chillin we just the
same one night in New York so we decided
to show and show them how New York is
doing I'm saying like if these people
vlogging man what you guys doing here
what are you doing huh scuse me Katie
tell him he got my phone he's out to get
my phone huh I'm George three black for
blah I don't know I don't know how to
get a shout-out she's got an addict
freeze now we got to take guys to time
scare I don't know I like like you
he's scared like shampoo why did you
undergo time scare like why would you in
a sense care there's a haunted house
it's a haunted house I said I don't want
to be my
and I didn't bring any extra underwear
it's you know the bathroom in there
today tempest and AJ it's like if you're
not gonna be scary
hi guys it was time to wrap up this flag
which is the saddest part of the vlog
and I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog if
you guys did enjoy this vlog make sure
you give this video a thumbs up and go
turkey because I remember in the
beginning of our vlogs when we started
we to just get like about 300 thumbs up
but now since we've came a long way we
usually get around to 3000 thumbs up so
go turkey let's see how much we can go
so everything is back to normal I have
the last shake house out we're all
normal now we're gonna have a new video
soon maybe this week or the week after
and it's gonna be it's not gonna be
prank videos it's going to be a regular
acting video a back-to-school video so
leave in the comments below what you
guys want to see next we're gonna leave
the pranks and a little hold and we have
some announcements and they are this
Friday September 6 is Muslim day for uhm
and Six Flags and we will be there so if
you guys want to come through and say
what's up we'll be there and shake he is
again e gon roller coasters so if you
guys want to go on roller coasters I
want to go on roller coasters only in
front roll if you guys want to go in the
front row I'll go in the fire Rosa but
yeah we're gonna be in New Jersey Six
Flags on September 6 and then we're
going to be in Toronto Canada the week
after September 13 so send the leg out
for next week's black we'll see you guys
next week or maybe hopefully soon for
the new video they got so much for all
the love and support you guys have given
us um and yeah we'll see you soon peace
take care have a great day or a great
night
