hey guys what's up it is day 63 of our
daily Talmud ah I'm just joking it is a
random flag we have up we decided to put
up a random flag for you guys since we
know that you guys truly miss our the a
s a daily Ramadan vlogs and we miss it
so much - so we were like why not just
put up a random block so did you miss me
remember missed you guys so much did you
guys miss her say yes
she missed you guys her birthday is on
August 30th dreamers about to turn two
years old see to say - looks like you I
miss you mmm I love love you yeah so
know much boys
I wanna hmm eat hey Hayley
within hey do you say
the thing is she put her weight over
there then she just like fell off but
she just she found this don't worry she
didn't feel like I'm the wall or nothing
so she's okay you want to see here he's
always here anyway oh come let's go see
here is easy she's gonna hit she's gonna
say you know Bobby throw it like that
can we move over Choo it's your fault
you fell you were laying down here she
put her head here and she fell boom but
hurt her face fell here so they got
having to let you felt there and she
didn't fall like I'm a concrete wall
nothing a la loi what are you doing stop
what the heck yeah we get her sir
what the heck yeah only in New York yo
you careful yeah yeah what hey you guys
crazy
overgrowth oh you are you my son again
my goodness
yeah we're just chilling here and he
just came to perform in front of us like
he's doing human heart with oh my god
hold on the ha you got to do it again
you got to do that again
with that guy's stupid
but some research
your listing is crazy
if you love
hey guys what's up we just met some
homies from Montreal Canada it logica
with him about it and run on it crowded
mantra or shadow jamario we're a shout
out to got a senior I know you're in New
York you're gonna attack me
you know tacky but did I have to man
thank you so much system in Sweden thank
you so much I'm all ready to go right
there
hi thank you Mike I do want one thing
forward all right give me some of your
muscles that's a Canadian spot
yeah it is like the like the Starbucks
of Canada Tim Hortons
yeah who knew nathan's Rihanna Montreal
Canada Toronto all right this is why you
should never let Adam drive a car why
would that oh man I was just always that
day it was really nothing
I was now they've moralized it
I was drinking too much them to that day
so you know I kind of crashed Wow see
some taste like chocolate actually a
plate a lot of chocolate oh nice Hey
look cheerful so it's not that much all
right yeah I'm not empanadas where's the
goal
Mama's empanadas ISO scream took me to
this place what it's like a Spanish
place yeah and this is it has like
macaroni cheese inside looks like it's
like a Sun boots that type of thing with
macaroni cheese reminds you assembled
over cheese that's exactly that's why I
got the macaroni cheese again this is
pasta
so right now we're heading towards the
movies we're gonna watch a scary movie
cut conjuring like that you ready you
ready escape the other one I get scared
now I don't get together worries you do
since today I finish because - who
sleeps you first prisoners sleep didn't
watch the movie great you're not gonna
sleep in him yeah but only I'm so scared
I want to leave my mommy - look we don't
just don't get scared he's gonna be a
scared you just watch you be the
conjuring ever and it was creepy I don't
think I'm gonna sleep tonight and he
left halfway through the movie how did
you get with all the eyes and all the
really all I didn't a shirt was so
stretchy now because he kept like
grabbing like let me get relaxed so I'm
really using what if I'm in that
position what remember that position I'm
that movie was freaking scared hey
what's this uh-oh
who's what are those I've always wanted
these is one of those um cokes I said
share a coke win and it has a name what
do they sell these I think it's only in
London I always look for these in New
York but they're laying here the only
half it's just coca-cola cocoa but I'm
gonna save this this is cool oh oh
didn't really save you what direction
love hard I I'm gonna save this and I'll
eat this with chef at when we go to the
One Direction move you and watch the
moon thank you so much Aisha for this
amazing drawing and for the amazing
share a cook with Adam and the One
Direction candy I'm gonna hang these up
on my collection on the wall I need to
just to get tape but I'm gonna hang all
of them that I have and I have a lot so
my wall is gonna be filled up soon have
another wall give me kiss mm-hmm hugging
me kiss hello what do you say thumbs up
hey see thumbs up like this go like this
like this like this yeah a thumbs up so
thumbs up this video make this vid
hi guys it's time to wrap up this flag
hope you guys enjoyed this flag make
sure you give it a thumbs up for putting
up a random flag and if you guys enjoyed
it we will have a new video up next week
leave the comments below with the dares
and the tweets we've collected some
we're going to be filming tomorrow so
stay tuned with that
we have no vlog on a sail on Sundays and
congratulations to 0l society
congratulations to Zayn and Perrie on on
their engagement
I'm so proud for you guys and it just
makes me feel sad because I'm 20 years
old too and I'm and he's in IMI's 20
years old and he's engaged and I'm here
flagging come on man imma have
engagement applications coming out soon
so I'm just joking but not frill so stay
tuned for that all right all right guys
so make sure I'm oh yeah we're doing
something with the with the comments
we're going to show the coolest well one
comment each of like we have now so this
was the cool comment of the day right
here that's too cool , of the day thank
you so much for your comments for your
thumbs up stay tuned for some more and
take care and we'll see you guys on
Sunday or maybe another random day take
care guys love you guys peace
ah
