Hey early in the morning you got to get
this video up soon say yes say yes oh
I'm so beautiful you me fix it for you
say yes give me a kiss
Pinkus do you kiss bigger kiss s salam
alayka wa rahmatullahi better cattle aid
mubarak everybody is eat and it is feels
great I hope you all are having an
amazing eat well I hope you all have an
amazing eat so far and yeah we just want
to thank you guys so much for all the
past vlogs we had and for all the love
you got show for all the support this
salman was a crazy number running and a
flash we had a lot of memories and a lot
of stuff that we'll never ever forget so
thank you guys so much for sharing all
these memories with us and Rima just one
if we can move you guys made this
Ramadhan one of our bestest I don't know
if that's even a word one of our bestest
Ramadan's ever and for the daily vlogs
we had to turn to something that's
that's became you know a part of our
life so thank you guys so much for that
and now the sad part where it comes to
an end and but don't worry guys we're
going back to the AAS a vlog Sundays
every Sunday there will be a vlog up by
some points at random days we'll have
blogs we'll try to have as much blogs as
we can we'll just randomly put up vlogs
whenever we want including Sunday so
yeah because we enjoyed making vlogs and
it made us feel so good what do you guys
would enjoy our vlogs that we have so
that you guys so much for always going
Turkey for the comments or the positive
comments or the beautiful comments for
the Hat on police comments for the
thumbs up for everything for watching
you guys are seriously amazing I know
it's so sad that was stopping his daily
vlogs but yeah we're going back to
college in about two to three weeks so
we got to focus on that too but we will
have the weekly vlogs and random vlogs
out of nowhere and a lot more no video
main channel so don't worry guys I
promise you guys you guys would still be
entertained
we still brighten up your days we still
make you guys smile so it's like a sad
part right here man
I'm not crying just my mom is cooking
she's cooking something has onions in it
mom
I would never forget these daily vlogs
we had some people doubted us they said
we might stop it and because we might
get tired of something but still we stay
strong
we did it we completed these 30 days we
completed Ramadan while we're fasting so
thank you guys so much for always being
strong and being powerful from the heart
you guys are amazing make sure you show
a lot of love to everybody we will have
an eight vlog but it'll be up this
Sunday without a save lock setting so
remember every Sunday come to the ACA
vlog Channel but remember always stay on
the lookout you guys can follow us on
Twitter the links are below or stay in
touch with us on Facebook if we put up
any random blog we have a new video on
the main channel next Wednesday at 6
p.m. happy eat make sure you guys give
this video a thumbs up I guys will take
care we'll see you guys on Sunday for a
sa blog Sundays it'll be the 8th vlog
which is on Sunday so enjoy your day
have fun have a blast
oh my goodness I almost forgot your eat
money
it is it is oh my goodness ah save money
I will save it till next 8 so enjoy have
fun I love you and take it
I love you all so much I love you all so
much
