to me Dave what's up I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day and doomy gang the
reason why I'm dressed swagalicious like
this is because I'm in Saudi Arabia I'm
in Medina right now I'll be going to
Mecca after tomorrow cuz I'll be doing
I'm gonna be nas and his mother do you
guys do not know what I'm gonna is
because depending on my title is gonna
be ksi and logan fans who probably don't
know what I'm gonna is oma is an Islamic
pilgrimage where they go to Mecca Saudi
Arabia and they can perform at any time
of the year and that's what I'm doing
this is my third time going and
seriously it's the best feeling ever
millions and millions and millions of
people every single day do I'm gonna a
man look at me man I'm giving you guys
dela that's how I give my dower unlike
some people oh also if you guys don't
know what Dawa is Dawa is when you
preach about Islam like my religion I'm
Muslims you guys do not know and I'm
letting you guys know what I'm gonna is
so that is my way giving you guys that
was anyone who doesn't know what it is
but I do me young I have a lot to talk
about today so today's vlog was supposed
to be a vlog of my journey from New York
City all the way to here and I did a
little mini date prank in Saudi Arabia
but my editors editing that blog right
now is gonna be kind of a long blog and
the Wi-Fi here so slow like we're in the
best hotel but it's such slow Wi-Fi man
I'd rather be in a mediocre hotel with
fast Wi-Fi instead of being like in a 10
star hotel with crappy Wi-Fi and I've
seen a lot of you guys tweeting me
telling me to watch the video I haven't
watched it I'll watch it with you guys
here but I've seen a lot of guys
tweeting me telling me that ksi has
chosen Logan Paul so I do began my blog
I'm supposed to be uploaded today will
be uploaded tomorrow so stay tuned for
my journeys gonna be insane I'm probably
gonna be bald in like a few days so
don't judge me oh let me show you guys
my view of Medina in Saudi Arabia
this is medina look 24/7 people are
going over there this is beautiful well
and then you hear that van and then you
see the birds it's beautiful but yeah so
do me yeah if you guys haven't make sure
you guys subscribe because I upload
every single day if you guys do not know
Cass I and Jo Weller they had a box and
fight a few months back and in case I
ended up calling out so many youtubers
you called out Jake Paul Logan Paul and
any youtuber oh it's not this boat right
now if any youtuber wants it you can
come get it if any youtuber wants it you
can come and then literally my whole
missions was blasted telling me to call
ksi out because he pretty much called
out any youtuber and all you guys know
that I'm 13 and no in boxing that I used
to do amateur boxing so when I see that
I'm like yo I need to take that belt I
need to represent my community you know
I'm saying and a lot of you guys were
going crazy a lot of you guys like Adam
you need to do this show me what you got
and I'm in case I kept on going back and
forth on YouTube and videos you kept
talking crap about me I kept talking
crap about him and the kiss I eventually
did a poll where you guys have to vote
for who he has to box next and the most
votes was me and do me gang so the whole
time I was thinking oh my god I'm about
to fight his side every single one of
you guys like Adam you had to do with us
you had a reference for the Middle East
you got a rep before do me ain't got a
rep before the Muslim community you
gotta kill it man you got to do this and
I was ready to do me hang I was ready
but then Logan Paul came in the building
Logan Paul's probably the biggest
youtuber right now so I guess I found
that out the first thing he thought in
his mind oh my god a firefight Logan
Paul I'm gonna make more money and if I
lose to Logan Paul it's all right he's
the biggest you super so it doesn't
really matter if I lose to Adam solder
who won the polls my career will
probably be over but if I lose to Logan
Paul it's okay I'm still gonna get
respect man Logan Paul is bigger Logan
Paul is much more stronger but it's all
good I really don't mind I wish the best
to both of them I will tell you guys my
predictions after I watched the video
and I'll keep you guys updated with
everything let's let's watch it do you
guys hear snoring that's not this is
what I got to deal with every single day
my own manager snores but it's all good
ignore I'm still gonna speak really loud
I'm so gonna watch the video and so do
me gang it's a ksi fan just know that
this is not kale King talking this is me
Adam Saleh
I always have a pure heart with good
intentions and if I talk crap about care
sighs because he talks the most crap
ever and a lot of you care sighs fans
get really angry if I talk crap bad like
what am I supposed to stay quiet
all this dude does is talk so I'm gonna
back myself up and talk back just like
he talks how dad talks crap I'm gonna
talk crap right back to him because he
plays his whole act as if he's dangerous
he's the biggest champion felt because
he fought someone who doesn't really
know how to fight oh yes I'm just giving
you guys that warning so you guys won't
be sensitive alright let's watch it not
to keep snowing let's watch it the title
is the final decision and the thumbnail
has him in the middle and to the left
covered it's me with the hat and to the
right it's Logan Paul with his long
blonde curly hair so it looks like he's
about to decide either me or Logan Paul
so let's let's watch his final decision
let's do it uh-oh uh-oh
oh please please I'm gonna stop the
video right now guys this is a message
to ksi and Logan Paul why do you let
keemstar control you guys it seems like
he controls you guys and it seems like
every youtuber is scared of keemstar
because keemstar has a habit of trying
to bring hate to others which is kind of
messed up all he does is try to bring
hate to people if you're not on his good
side then he's gonna bring hate to you
and I refuse to be on his good side I
mean I don't wish anything negative on
him I wish him the best in everything he
does but I will never lick his butt to
try to be on his good side man and a lot
of youtubers do that and it really
pisses me off because who is he man he
only does is the news all he does is
talk crap every single day and he's so
biased as I told you guys he's the Fox 5
News he's the Donald Trump of YouTube I
said it to him I'll say it's his face if
I ever see him but yes I don't know I
can't sign Logan let this do it freakin
control them like who is he let's
continue on the video let's continue on
it seems like a size one licking his
butt that's why I respect Logan Paul cuz
Logan Paul it doesn't give a damn back
him store he knows he doesn't need
keemstar to promote his whatever
anything that's going on let's watch the
video oh oh
yo yo at this part you can see it in
chaos eyes eyes man this dude was scared
low get pulled up out of nowhere and got
kiss I shook man kiss I was freaking
Chuck he was shook it I need chill out
man I need chill out on each other
cancer fans don't get angry don't be
sensitive I love everyone equally I love
all you guys maybe man kiss ahh he plays
and a whole Act he grew up playing video
games he didn't grow up fighting Oh
get ready
oh my god
of all
Manchester Asia that's a mattress
correct
mother what the hell he tried to make
Logan Paul look so bad just got just by
going like this like I'm just cringing
I'm just cringing I'm waiting till the
day August 25th where ksi is gonna be a
living meme because he talked so much
crap and he's not gonna back it up when
he fights Logan does not keep his hands
up man it's always down there oh man oh
man
okay ksi versus Logan August 25th in
Manchester the crazy thing is August
25th I will be at the atom meets pussy
tour in the UK I believe in Sheffield to
make sure you guys get you tickets me
pussy gonna be watching it we will not
be there because we'll be doing a tour
but we will be watching the fight and
eating up some popcorn but my prediction
do me gang is this Logan Paul is gonna
knock him out first or second round yes
a knockout Logan Paul is gonna put him
to sleep I genuinely believe that Logan
Paul will knock his butt out because
--care side doesn't have that much
experience it seems like Logan Paul has
the most experience man you can know his
energy is insane and Logan used to do
wrestling and Logan got hands man I've
seen him even on his Instagram story the
other day he was gone real quick man so
Logan Paul has the advantage ksi has the
same experience when I was like 13 14
years old when I was doing boxing for
like a year or two I know it sounds like
I'm being mean but a do me gang that's
to the ksi fans who are probably gonna
curse me out I'm just being honest I'm
being straight-up honest Logan Paul is
gonna knock him out either in the first
or second round but I do wish the both
of them the best I really really hope
they have an amazing time and I really
hope they come out healthy and I really
hope care side comes out not that bad
man i'ma feel really bad if he gets like
injured or anything like that because I
don't wish anything negative upon anyone
but it's gonna really really suck for
ksi cuz it's gonna be in the UK so he's
gonna be representing UK and in the UK
Logan Paul oh my god he's gonna
annihilate him in his home city like you
guys know I love love UK it's like my
second home you guys show so much love
there but ksi is gonna let you guys down
I feel really bad for you guys so don't
even look at it this way with UK vs you
would say because he will let the UK
down so yes that's my prediction of the
fight who knows maybe I'll be finding
ksi real soon I don't know he always
brings me up on YouTube because he knows
I was in the top of the pole and a lot
of people want to see me and chaos a but
for now is gonna be care sign low
I'm gonna continue outdoing me I'll keep
you guys updated with everything and
Ommegang also be uploading every single
day thank you guys so much for all the
love you guys always show I appreciate
every single when you guys that do me
again thank you guys so much and to the
Kansai fans it's not too late to become
an Adu me gang member everyone's welcome
to the do me a it's the best game in the
world and everyone of all ages is
welcome also once Naz wakes up I want
now as as my manager to give his
thoughts about all of this because I've
seen care size manager talking crap
about me on Twitter
yes do me a care size manager talk crap
about me on Twitter man I think it runs
it runs with them you know Kansai talks
crap about me and now his managers
talking crap mami but we'll see how it
goes I'm gonna end the video here thumbs
up and do me a thumbs up thumbs ups you
guys want to see care side vs. Adam sila
real soon who knows maybe if it's in
2019 2020 it doesn't matter if you guys
still want to see it let me know by
giving this video a thumbs up I'm gonna
end this vlog here I love you guys so
much nos will give his thoughts and
everything after this so I'm doing it I
love you guys do not forget to subscribe
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I love you guys nos just woke up
he's having food right now
alright now as you ready can you tell us
your thoughts about aa case I versus
Logan since now it's confirmed and the
managers want to come through you know
say the managers gonna talk to crap
that's your turn what do you think about
the a thoughts it's a great fight I
think it's a amazing I think that's um
yeah huge YouTube amazing yeah it's
brilliant
um how do I think they went about it um
very unprofessionally I am especially on
case I said you know you shouldn't if
you're gonna put up a poll ya should go
through there and knowing that you know
what it is with what what annoys me
about it is the fact that stop evening
married you so much yeah yeah he's gonna
come out he's gonna said all that let's
just say I don't know then punch me keep
the shit out of him yeah let's just say
he beats him if he beats him look he's
gonna turn around and he's gonna
basically show see I'm the best YouTube
are at boxing
blah blah blah right but he's not gonna
be looking a shame he does yeah but the
thing is you still haven't fought a
fight on so knowing that they're calling
out all these youtubers Logan who's
gonna learn to box now he's not a box
he's a wrestlerette yeah but still he's
still gonna take him on Dean knows what
I'm saying he's not a fighter he's not a
boxer yes he's a restless he's gonna
learn to box no you can't learn to box
wait was it August you're in a March
April May June July in five months
you're gonna learn to box in five months
yeah I mean you have to you know you
have to do this stuff for a long time so
the fact that will probably come on
let's just say busy and will come out
and they'll just be like you know I see
I'm the best youtuber right here I'm the
best box right but you still haven't
fought a real boxer yet yeah until you
fight Adam you haven't fought a real box
yet and the only reason why not Paul
Finck irritate me is because obviously
you know we were thinking okay you know
we might get the fight so obviously we
have to prepare our dates and everything
according to a hole into that song it's
a little bit annoying but I think for
YouTube it's great I think it's
brilliant for YouTube do you think a
fight what happened soon if like as I
say even if he loses you think yes I was
so try to fight me because I just want
to prove a point
I don't know yeah I don't know you know
what money yeah I know I know I know it
was about money then I even put enough
of a charity what do you think about
that we're doing the whole thing for
money whereas with Adam turnarounds
elysium I don't want the money I want to
come down King share you and leave that
way it settles the whole thing about you
know who's who's the best boxer in
YouTube etc oh no man I just I just
don't agree with the whole thing I think
I think what they do now is great for
YouTube for boxing it's not locked in
yeah it's not boxing you're gonna watch
to people who have just learnt too much
no the pools gonna win I just I just
know loving who's gonna win the air
Samia yeah things been handling
professionally there it is and as easy
case manager yeah oh yeah yeah yeah you
should watch it color is better
you're not very smart are you as a
manager for you to write something like
at least be professional about what
you're doing looking after a guy that's
for 18 million subs and that's how you
tweet this one there you go there you go
peace out now CD thank you bro
appreciate Maji
