dumi gank The Addams Family was just
here
I don't zap the way you wet
hey guys what's up into the game I hope
you're having an amazing day because
you're having an amazing day so if you
want should you have an amazing happy
Dooney gank today's gonna be a wild
crazy day I hope you guys are ready
Jamel is right here was good even I
haven't seen him for so long
hey do me gang I'm going to Hamza
Heidi's house with the Adams family
because we were gonna go
trick-or-treating and also Adam Austin
yeah here silent will be making a big
big appearance today he'll be giving
away candy and money to the
trick-or-treaters Dena she's gonna be a
witch too bad he is Raphael from the
Ninja Turtles Raphael in a ninja turtle
Bremen Watson they're about to put on
their costumes right now thumbs up we do
be gang if you guys are ready make sure
you guys go comment the way neck music
video and comment on any post on my
Instagram because I'm finally choosing
two winners for the jackets giveaway see
you guys in the next shot we have the
Hulk and the pink Power Ranger which
have lost her hat okay do me gang right
now about to go get some candy because
we're gonna give trick-or-treaters candy
and then after that we're gonna go get
some money because the Arab Prince Adam
Austin yes Allah will be giving away
some money next shot
oh this
this Cheerios hi guys I think we got
enough candy now it's time to go get on
my money thank you the dooby gang we
have a whole heavy bag of candy it was
like 80 bucks worth of candy now we're
gonna go get some money and we're gonna
see how we go I don't know what's
happening
Wow
what the heck is happening what you guys
doing
guys what's up what's up what's up thank
you guys for showing love and support
for the vlogs I appreciate you guys so
much I let you guys was okay do me again
out took out cash I changed it all to
single dollar bills I think I'm gonna be
the only one around the world giving
away money for trick-or-treating lucky
to get some candles around here what do
you say do you know my god she's me dude
what what do you say hey thank you swing
what hi guys I finally got the hands in
Heidi's house we have this bowl to put
some candy and we're gonna have another
bowl to put the money inside where's the
money another bowl to put the money
inside
good job be careful a lot of candy of
cash in here oh do me gags so many
trick-or-treaters are coming and
knocking on our door and I haven't put
on the Adam Austin yeah Santa outfit ah
freakin hate my hair gotta put this on
do me gang add them up senior house side
is ready I have my money and I have some
candy let's do this hi guys got the
money in the candy okay do me ganic
we're gonna see if I'm on the big
theaters they want some money
autumn some candy let's see which one do
they choose okay how's it going I'm the
Prince of Dubai what give me more money
hi guys so far it's going crazy they
grab so much money we're gonna wait and
hear people knock and we're gonna
Surprise them with someone
nothing a victim please yeah I know I
got smoke people knocking and the people
I got money they're still here
Thank You Man I appreciate it take a
cheese which one do you guys want I'll
show us money
hey looks like what steak
how'd you know I was giving up money
okay thank you man I ain't no damn it
you you don't need no thank you so much
yo man we just made these people's days
I don't think anyone's got money but you
and I'm Spotify to get kind of busy
No
thank you
take care
I'm probably gonna go on a trip treating
now so yeah I was just my name Adam
sonic doesn't see it hey do me gang I
already gave away all the singles that I
had now more people are coming and they
heard the rumor that I was giving away
money so everyone knocking is expecting
for me to give them money I'm probably
gonna gain like 10 subscribers today
because 10 of them said they're gonna
subscribe to me because I've given away
money so it do be gay I'm gaining 10
subscribers today if you haven't
subscribed subscribe put your
notifications on and if you did enjoy
the video thumbs it up even we can to
get man hi guys now it's time for us to
go trick-or-treating and get eye candy
back okay do me yank right now we're
going trick-or-treating
to know if someone has candy is if they
have a sticker on their door I'm like no
sticker oh my eyes Pope Pope sits in
mine look leave me hi guys I'm starting
from the top floor we're going all the
way down what do you say what do you say
me Mom thank you guys so much their
sticker ok anak don't go in the house
thank you thank you so much this is lit
I got a wow this one is crazy
you're the scary hog that assembly
cracks me up man they cut me up so badly
they go great they don't care man this
savages savages spiders coming up Deena
hey dude Hawaii I guess it's all candy
come on
no more someone
what kind of candies do you get Wow
rice krispies Wow Wow
doobie gang were finally done
trick-or-treating let me close the door
because I want to tell you guys about a
prank that I'm gonna do for tomorrow's
video as you guys know I believe last
year I did the I ate the Halloween candy
Frank I got to do it again this year so
tomorrow's video is gonna be I ate their
Halloween candy print guys you see this
it's people like this that make Aslam
look bad it's extremist like this there
was a big shooting in New York City look
this is so scary man they were stuck
with a gun look he's running away it was
a crazy shooting and like a car running
over people in New York City literally
like 10 20 minutes away from us and it
turned out that he was a Muslim guy and
it's people like that it's extremist
like that that make Muslims look so bad
just know that Islam means peace and
this guy does not represent Islam and
none of these extremists who go around
like judging people assuming stuff about
people and just being extremists it's
people like that whore
kind of crazy so everyone around the
area just be safe stay safe especially
that it's Halloween
it gets really scary and a lot of people
can do dumb stuff so be good so do me
gang stay tuned for that prank tomorrow
and then the day after is the big big
announcement I cannot wait this is gonna
be a really big announcement if you guys
enjoyed this video make sure you give it
a thumbs up and do me gang and if you
guys haven't got chaplains who make sure
you guys go and get chapter 2 thank you
guys so much for your love and support
I truly appreciate it I'm gonna see you
guys tomorrow do me Hank take care
piss I'll owe you turn in it shit swear
to god he shoulda came when life gives
you Yemen baby makes him Yemen aid never
place I'll meet today I'll treat the
playing like a new
