hey guys what's up today is what they
don't manage the next one a patient on a
8:28 Oh
today we're gonna be filming the
pretending to be celebrity or pretend to
be certainly right celebrity print and
we got the crew right here huh hi so
what do you would he do it would either
security are presently being print i
cameraman will be the mother famous guy
and another cameraman he's going to be
saudi prince security got the official
security with the bluetooth i got the
crew in the back man this is gonna go
down and we got some fans they're gonna
hi so he's showing a panic right now
hi and Josh is gonna make it so he's not
going to be in amo he's not gonna be in
this video he had to go work man Shane
come on let us down but creams going up
first then I don't know if one of us is
next
guys ready newspapers right now ha yes
ready
yeah who's famous no you know who he is
no the actor number white chicks yeah
he's in the movie white chick Syria
swear to God honey ready oh shoot
get it looks like
don't you know the movie white chicks
yeah he should be in that movie white
chicks oh we're here with Subhani and
Mookie hi yeah what's up we just met
them and they hit chillin with us
they're gonna do the prank with us so
we're gonna go up in there how's it
going okay that was laughing so hard
this guy really thought you invited me
in the movie someone else with wide
channels just watching you why I'm like
a swim being so generous oh yes they
were shopping riches on each happen but
you guys know each happen or oh gosh I
picked up my parents I'll pay the pair
pants oh yeah we distracted them from
the pair of pants but thanks for thanks
for coming through and doing the man
thank you he's waiting for the Saudi
Prince out there ready he makes the
perfect security with other security
right here
can you hold my picture please go won't
be chomping yo son of a bitch you piece
wanna break me just one quick one we can
go at least one picture man
so we're finally done with the video it
was well exhausted three or four hours
and hopefully it goes well man we got
some good reactions and a lot of people
were just like weird and confused so
hopefully it goes well thank you
this up Shannon says Instagram which is
a grandpa
Gillette TV IG am a tyy and now you
remember that bij de L AM cyy
I got it they got it they go move on
yeah this is not he's not really
pretending to be celebrity now hey
seriously they're just fans the serious
oh yeah that's cool man say what's up
where's from RJ Turkey nice man go
turkey man go to go Turkey say go Turkey
yeah say go turkey turkey go check your
pocket thank you
I first started watching The New Yorker
Islam all right really
I cried watching it doesn't I'm from
Malaysia and that's possible too
I'm a Muslim but I get I hope they have
a lot of Muslim guy so I like my the
time watching that I really need you I
need all happy
oh my god that's it this is real life
you could talking about that's cool so
cool so you guys saw it in Malaysia or
you say I saw it here okay but where to
go if thought in Applebee's I'm happy
Zee
yeah oh my trip oh my goodness can you
draw me like how to draw better than
your son
thirty minutes all right so this is at
five
you know this was thirty bucks with what
this is 30 bucks and look how small the
state gets that's 30 but what is it's
taken what steak and shrimp man I can
eat three of that madam - take 4/3 out
burger you can see the whole tries
destroy I couldn't vlog her for the past
couple of days because I've been coming
home so late so late
she'd been sleeping Irina have a good
night
oh shoot oh shoot wake up come on wake
up I love you Remo mmm mwah I love you
Maji speaks in her sleep Rima say
something I love you she's dreaming you
dreaming about me Rima I love you Gemma
Rima happy T scream
let's give it a tous crack your toes hi
guys so it's time to wrap up this vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog we got
some good news I mean you got some
really really bad news
which one should I say first all right
so the bad news is tomorrow which I mean
today the video is not going to be
released at pretending to be a celebrity
prank because it's a lot a lot of
footage the thing is we have a lot of
them oh we had three cameras filming it
from different angles so uploading it is
taking real long so it should be up
Thursday tomorrow at 6 p.m. Eastern Time
if I can pull it off and get it done but
the good news is I'll be you streaming
hopefully with Cher I'm trying again to
come over my house so we can use room
together I'll be you streaming tonight
at around 6 p.m. until a lot of times
though the link is below for you streams
if you guys want to watch the you stream
yeah we're just gonna chill and talk
maybe give some crazy talks until you
got some crazy stuff you haven't asked
in question and answer something we'll
do some cry don't know we'll see how it
goes as always goes crazy but yeah so
you stream tonight at 6 p.m. tomorrow
the videos should be up in chawla
hopefully I get this done because it's
really long and I don't wanna I want to
take my time in the song to make it
really good because it was crazy the
people we were actually famous for that
day people seriously thought were
celebrities and you guys we'll see how
it goes but I want to give a shout out
to everybody who came through today to
all the hard work you guys put into all
the energy thank you guys so much you
guys are watching us right now thank you
guys all for coming through you guys are
amazing
you guys are like our crew this is our
crew man I love hanging out with you
guys and you guys are seriously amazing
thank you guys so much for always being
with us
we'll see you later for the you stream
if you have to coming through and
tomorrow hopefully that video will be up
I'm gonna edit my butt off and yeah take
care peace 6 plus it's a lot of work
give me some more drink some more
drink some more 10 times 10 5 times 5
