when it is time to just budget
oh hey guys what's up and do me gank I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so far
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy do be getting
today's a day my whole family reacts to
all you can handle but before I show you
guys the video I just want to say thank
you guys so much to everyone who got all
you can handle
aren't iTunes I am seriously speechless
you guys got it to number six in the UK
number three in Norway number two in
Sweden number one in Denmark number
50-something and USA number four in
India number two in Greece number 16 in
Australia number 27 in Canada and
there's a lot more other countries that
hit it in the charts and it dumi gang
this would have never ever happened if
it wasn't for you guys so thank you guys
so much if you guys do not know all you
can handle is the first single off my
debut album is coming out October 29th
and it's called chapter two while you
can handle with just a little start you
know a little preview no I'm saying
there's a lot more dope tracks coming
October 29th so I hope you guys are
ready once again thank you guys so so so
much for helping me reach this milestone
by making me in the top charts all over
these countries like I appreciate you
guys so much it seriously means the
world so thank you thank you thank you
also do me getting I will be giving away
to sign see these as so many to sunny
cities to signed see these to you guys
and this is how you can win it got to go
to the music video all you can handle
which is in the link down below you must
give it a thumbs up and you must leave a
little cute comment and then you go on
Instagram and you tagged me and show me
that you gave the video a thumbs up and
comment sit on it and I'll be randomly
choosing two people to learn to sign see
these that would be inside my shirt if
you want to win it well maybe you guys
would want maybe probably ask what do
you even want this anymore you guys want
to participate you guys know no other
than that doobie gang enjoy my family's
reaction to all you can handle
thank you guys once again make sure you
guys give this video thumbs up always
smash the like button uma gang is always
smash it and going with Turkey on the
like button so here's the video enjoy
you just woke up you did
what's your name Anna fan father Halley
comes up he name is Adam stop saying my
name what's your name
Dina do you know that I have a new song
called all you can handle
you do where have you been I'm over here
you haven't heard about my new song yeah
okay so let me tell you I have a new
song it's called all you can handle
yeah dude seriously you did when is it
coming out huh hamster yeah what is it
called
hey it's called all you can hand on top
of first what's it called its called
scary movie you saw the trailer and you
thought the scary movie what do you know
about all you can handle
it's all you can handle get it are you
ticklish already not hot the song has
even started nobody know it's gonna be
fired I'm like advance this track what
do you expect from all you can handle
I expect it to be fired everybody know
it's gonna be fired and I expect it to
be a crazy music video in a music video
extract this to be nice cuz look I saw
the trailer and I was like oh snap they
should make a movie to it you know that
little bit conducted it from 1 through
10 how excited are you
you know who's DeMarco yeah you know
Akon do you know Justin Bieber yeah do
you know everyone you're the first one
to ever know about this whole secret
project how do you feel
I'm not gonna punch anyone to be honest
if so let's point out a gun at me you're
right but it's a music video you know
it's supposed to be our bullet what do
you think about that music video it was
crazy
did you like it though what was your
favorite part
huh the clown yeah that was your
favorite part
wow I guess I looked like a clown what
do you think about the music video like
I have a lot of questions first of all
did she kill you
second of all why did you have to
girlfriend I didn't kidnap you and then
you were happy and what's real did you
really like are you gonna get an iTunes
Sam would you ever listen to this song
again yeah let's do it
punch all in the face what who the girl
why you oh gee it sure sees it Georgie
have you got the song and iTunes yet I
don't know hopefully in the future
you'll know iTunes is you don't have a
future what the heck what the heck do
you do I was having
I do have a future all of us have a
future right now mismo don't spill the
beans come on the hell I don't have a
girlfriend I don't I'm single but you
know what I don't have a girlfriend
Dumbo I don't love spreading rumors yes
you are I don't have a girlfriend yes
you do who's my girlfriend oh yeah I
love it I love all the questions yet
it's a really really long answer that I
can give you but maybe one day like an
interview or something like an or maybe
a video I'll explain everything behind
every song but um ah yeah that's just
all you can handle
did you handle it yeah so what are you
expecting from Chapter two
my debut album have you gotten the song
on iTunes yes
so what are you expecting from Chapter
two my debut album it's never these sad
is more like thanks yeah like slow yeah
I appreciate it I'll see you soon okay
okay take care take off shirt you'll buy
it on iTunes really well man I
appreciate it
how do you feel that this project you
can finally project you to finally tell
them about the project yeah buddy are
you gonna tell your best friends about
it you to tell them to get iTunes if
they have a future Reema I'm sorry
Marcin has to come up next so yeah I
love you
what are you doing it's my sister my
sister
Paul you behave on iTunes and chapter 2
coming out to our the first let's see
right now he's safe
pretty sure tonight yeah make sure you
don't go out like hot put on your shirt
read ok bye I love you I'll see you soon
ok medicine medicine I've been patient
like a winter on fire I've been waiting
in the loan line for you Marcel missiles
I was hoping you were right back
