hey guys what's up this is day 15 right
daily time on vlogs and we are halfway
done through Ramadan I don't know if I
should be happy I don't know if I should
be sad I don't know I think I'm gonna be
sad cuz I'm gonna miss it and yeah I'm
gonna miss it
I don't want to go maybe we'll do it
next time around too and yeah once this
the Delian amount vlogs are done I'm
gonna go back to the old a say vlog
Sundays thank you guys so much we just
reached 100,000 subscribers ah nobody's
gonna know all right thank you Hey all
right thank you back okay stop all right
okay okay stop stop okay thank you thank
you like it is a huge compliment
for us you guys do not understand how
much it means to us so thank you guys so
much and we're still we still gotta find
a way to to you know to celebrate for
this 100,000 subscribers and I don't
know leave in the comments below what
you guys want us to do for 100,000
subscribers video so I finally found out
I had a um the kameez the giant pants
had it had a how to do it oh yeah this
is this what it is a hole through there
thanks so much for even helping me guys
you guys you guys are the ones that let
me know and shake let me know to say I
know should ask him earlier yeah my
probably go to his house sometime soon
he's gonna show me how to put it on but
I need a lassic band to put it through
here right and then he tie it but why is
it so so so so wide like why can't it
just be like normal and just like why I
came there I don't know it's confusing
but looks cool it feels comfortable I
tried it on but I just need the elastic
bands so I'm gonna train a dream up
we're gonna go get the Pops
but I decided to go somewhere far too if
possible so we could make it a long trip
so if I can pass by a little faster
bring my old on site safely I don't know
what you want to get the scribbles one
rainbow orange cherry I got the crown
one fits fits Rima hold it it's cold and
I hold it yeah when you go outside
you're watching and holding Oh guys I
could have take it anymore I just can't
take it anymore
we've been annoying me you've been one
annoying baby and just I like it take it
I can't take any more every time you
know that huh yeah you keep this room
get out my face no no Oh like it oh hey
guys everyone likes your bag it Oh
forgive me Omega so good mmm see sorry
come see your face your feet is so cool
yep
but remikit is herself well oh so why
are you kissing yourself huh you love
yourself too much huh kiss me do you
have that me you want me me hmm me not
you me no no no me kiss me good habit
mmm we might not chew me I draw a life
video is up and you guys are seriously
going Turkey you guys are the greatest
you guys don't understand how much love
we got for you guys and the drawer life
we were going to do it separately but we
decided to do it together because we
thought I don't know it was harder
separately so we decided to do it like
this but yeah the stories that we've
said in the drawer our life well I don't
know about to want to check that but the
one that I said I've never told it to
anybody not even my parents not even my
brothers nothing I said it till now so
what when they watch it they don't know
what's going on they it's new to them so
yeah I said it wants a new stream but I
did like a draw my Ussuri I mean draw my
life on you talk of my life on Ustream
but yeah finally we got the joy Levitt
and thank you guys for all the support
ok look a real right now she's a girl
this is before
comic stand-up before I'm gonna turn
Rima into a boy and you guys leaving a
comment below what should we name him
hmm
I'm still drawing you mind making me
turn her into a boy Reema slowly growing
a beard put your little play face up up
yeah makeup moving on color and your
beard put makeup come on your neck up
Wow he look like a nice boy see if I
could be Jesse let me draw you let me Ju
Narada
hey hey stop side dum-dum this is
washable market oh it's not permanent
work or anything so you Volvo hug you up
vroom is getting extreme and makeup he
was up do you guys still think he was
cute Michael Jill of my cooking I really
must say she he is now a guy leaving the
comments below what we should name him
here dumb over look at me cities the TV
hey yo baby drink Yoshi fight she doing
him she's doing the lip biting too
Drizzy Drake ha
what's up Drizzy Drake hey yo yeah
Jersey Drake your mother like she's just
like a criminal
you see Drake ah say hey hi huh let's
see we miss reaction when she sees
herself through the mirror
yeah really we would do see yourself
we were you're so gonna kiss yourself
yeah you want kisses up ten row minutes
of time and I'm gonna eat alone in my
room and yeah we got steak here homemade
steak with some corn some apple juice
I'm Somerset with cheese as usual and I
got some bread and I got some regular
cheese to put on that letter from its
raha mad sup strike a mad got it
literally been through the whole journey
with you and I never doubted you guys I
know AC will go for I believe in you
oh this is swag and I'm saying swag oh
this is cool Oh shine bright like a
diamond
oh thank you so much Ezra I have mad
always some more stuff in here
whoa it's a pink hat I just appreciate
us online pressure five Remos or
something those you Huddle's in it
slowly love mmm a slinky with that yeah
oh this is dope man stop wasting so much
stuff you guys you guys literally need
to chill but you guys are freaking
amazing seriously I'm a mess parrot is
another miss Madeline we give one to
chef and I'm a rock one imma get the
blonde since I like blue and the slinky
i'ma give it to Rima I'll let her play
with it tomorrow a vlogger playing the
tomorrow because right now she's
sleeping but thank you so much it's
Rahad hi guys it was time to wrap up
this fly and I'm liking this
this pink hat like so but yeah I
actually got some bad news bad news is
chocolate my hamster he passed away I
seriously do not know how he passed away
but I remember going to the pet store
and the guy was like oh yeah this one
has a broken leg and it's kind of sick
but it doesn't bite though I was like
nah DeWanna he's like now you should get
it you should get it and the best I kind
of went to it was kind of ghetto too so
I don't know and they did that to me
last time last three five years old
got a hamster they told me it was a boy
but then it was a girl then I had like
eight babies and she ate the whole
babies and I was like with that and so
so yeah chocolate is gone at least he
passed away during um Ramadan he only
lived
I don't know how ever long but this was
the last clip actually got of him I
don't know what the hell is wrong with
my hamster chocolate but he's been like
that for the past two hours just stuck
on this and I've been moving it he's not
funny one down even scary me I've been
feeding him as much as I can I've been
giving so much water and he's just I
don't know what's wrong with him
are you okay chocolate huh you're
scaring me
okay
so yeah that was the last clip I had of
him and I hope you guys enjoyed your
time and enjoyed your journey with
chocolate
I miss him he will be missed but yeah I
should move on hopefully he's in a
better place right now so tomorrow we're
going to a summer camp like a summer
school kind of summer program kind of
thing they invited us for a thought so
tomorrow's vlog should be dope and
hopefully isn't that hot these days has
been cold then you got so much we'll see
you guys tomorrow and people are you
serious
take a bigger picture all right now pick
me up pick me up
