as-salam-o-alaikum what I'm not the
light over there got your brothers and
sisters how you guys doing today is day
11 of our daily limit on blogs and yeah
and today's vlog is going to be
different actually we didn't like as
much today so we're going to show you
guys a prank that I pulled on chef the
other day when I was at his house and it
was during it was an hour before fetish
time and I pretended that federate
passed and he couldn't eat the hood and
we see and we'll see how he reacted so
here's the prank hope you guys enjoy
hope you guys give the video a thumbs up
all right so right now is one more hour
until French up till pheasant and he
told me to wake him up before fetch it
so he can eat and so we can fast but I'm
gonna put Dan from our laptop and I'm
pretend that it's fetch
so then we'll wake him up and I would
say that he can't eat anymore because he
made nice air hose so let's see how this
goes
co3 gonna play that either in your home
with his friends I ditch I wake up I
woke up it was video I did shall we can
you never woke up nothing but yours do
this why don't stop my method by blaming
me totally who the friends all day then
relax that's it I don't know what you
want to do it I already ate me whole
family ate and shall wake you up it's
time to get you nothing
hey thirsty yes how they're starting
there's the air like more thirsty than
like a lollipop is the same Cup hmm you
need water
yeah water don't be water
oh I need it are you a you should say I
hate ya which means human bitch me some
food Oh golly for a Texan like it'd be
fine if I'm not joking or what do you
lack so let's go pray fella no we're
good
I think you could just put water in your
mouth and spit it up right I can do that
no joke hello I don't know what we find
I got what I'm gonna go before
told you she said cool pretty much
shader it yeah we all ate all family
with me so I wake you up never woke up I
smell like corn a like this moment moon
with all the cows I like this out of it
you are me water water see we actually
put all these on the economics of
cleaning it like that you never woke up
like night waking up with the very stops
all right let's go you shouldn't shit in
there earlier I did do early Nabucco
alright okay I'm sorry
one other tapes are water nice and rich
I meant thirsty now okay mister missus
attitude at least water would we would
swallow you spit the slice but again
okay feel it you have your own water
maybe less the ethnic swallow your spit
I did
the health
I just wondered
what I'm not fasting is that budget is
still come back up you'll come up with
closer Gordon good so could you go oh
when you put that day yeah guys are you
ready yeah drinking water I feel bad for
you know you drink the straighter the
other this is an hour this is our you
gotta take a look more nah nah did this
to the power he wanted not worry I'm
gonna give you water hit morning sir
I'm sorry I think it's Phil you want
your water I'll clean it all up in well
what long cleaner you want to water
right
I just gonna shoot you Oh what's up
water that's what it is water it's not
gas put water on yourself
yeah easy
we must looking so pretty today hi how
you doing you doing good yeah you doing
good you're gonna watch yourself okay
but I'm gonna make room and watch
yourself prayin let's see what she does
Reema I got proof they chat I run away
from Salani put lipstick on your head
Reema I got proof this is my
investigation right guru loves it when
she watches herself you put this thing
on yourself watch on a pause there
something huh what press it again
president yeah president another one
don't mess with that okay all right MC
kiss me so I can get a mortgage kiss me
so I get a mark I got a real one game
Vegas Vegas all right all right so right
now we're doing the Twitter contest and
meanshe are doing it together I'm doing
round 1 3 5 7 & 9 the Sheikh is doing
rounds 2 4 6 8 and 10 and Sheikh asked
there's two letters of the alphabet I'm
thinking of guess what it is and I want
you to play too cuz I was like right now
I don't know how to play and I was like
G and a am i right or am I missing a
wife hey he's gonna piss it off you
missed you got facebook he's like yo
what do you do
true story AAA is trending in the UK is
one of the top trends in UK and it's
around 2 or 3 a.m. in the UK and it's
trending there so shout out to the
people from UK you guys are awesome
that's crazy you guys we go hard
seriously SSC you guys are really
competitive alright guys so it's time to
wrap up this vlog I hope you guys
enjoyed our mini vlog and I hope you
guys enjoyed the putt the prank that I
pulled on shit
and yet the prank that I pull down Jeff
um it's gonna be a facebook video on my
facebook so if you guys go share the
video and tag me in it I will try to
comment and like as much people as I can
and it'll be a facebook video at around
5 p.m.
New York City time so yeah and yet we're
about to reach 100,000 subscribers on
our main channel on YouTube and yeah
make sure you guys go subscribe to our
main channel so we can reach 100,000
subscribers before Ramadan ends
and seriously like I don't I don't think
we can do I believe and I know we can
reach 100,000 subscribers before Ramadan
ends so thing got so much for the
support make sure you guys go subscribe
to our main channel it really means so
much and you guys have been amazing this
past frickin 11 days has just been one
hell of a like journey for this whole
dumb blonde it's been feeling good it's
been awesome so thank you guys so much
for everything and yet and for the
Twitter contest true story is a Twitter
contest the winners I will give you guys
your shout outs right now round one
Dania Iglesias I don't know she won at
the the number was 131 that was done by
was guessing I don't know if that's the
real last name Dania Iglesias but if it
is then I like it cuz I Enrique English
yes he's cool
that's why I know you want me shout out
to the person who won round 2
it is oppa hey Jackie style
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh Bobby style I don't
know cool Twitter nigga shout out to
tamanna' it's tamanna' she said hips
don't lie and it's like my favorite one
of my favorite songs and and I'm tonight
you know my hips don't line up trying to
pick items up shout out to Asha I'm ed
ya trick ya she just pu and yeah P you
smell a shout out to Jennifer for
guessing you yo it's time to do the do
shout out to lolli Abdullah for guessing
gray white and blue the colors and yet
larlie Abdullah I like your name that's
your name shout out to some he'd um he
gets pancakes and he got a right and I
told him to send me some pancakes type
you box pillbox 6:30 New York New York 1
0 to 9 I'll be waiting for some pancake
shoutout to maria jose 98 for guessing
katrina kaif as a bollywood actor I mean
I guess stayin Malik white he's he's
desi he's half desi he's he's from
Hollywood and he that make some
Bollywood so I was was doing because I
was playing the game two men just that's
not that's not fair
shoutouts a hanifa Chowdhury for
guessing this is us 1d 3d as the movie
shout out to Carly Welsh for guessing
Yemen and she was the last one to win so
yeah and to anybody who didn't win or
will be doing another one next Saturday
is gonna be kind of different so we can
make the games different and more fun
and interesting that way so ya then
got so much of you guys like this video
and you have an amazing day have an
amazing night we'll see you guys
tomorrow and yeah I hope these daily
blogs have been become a daily routine
routine for you guys I'm gonna be so sad
when all about ends and there's going to
be no more daily vlogs and we're gonna
go back to a sa vlog Sundays so yeah
let's enjoy it while it lasts so yeah
whoa whoa another wall another wall
