bouncing boys yummy
what was your favorite part - I am beat
do you want the beat that's not the song
a chapter
- is that it do me gang
so I'm losing my voice because I've been
talking so much I've been screaming so
much
snapping posting instant stories
basically just turn it up because
chapter 2 my debut album is finally out
and now I lost my voice completely so
earlier today I was trying to find out
how to bring my voice back because it's
so so annoying to lose my voice
especially when I post videos every
single day
I need my voice so I did the smartest
thing ever I went on Google and I looked
up how to bring your voice back and then
out of nowhere I heard a big bang on my
door boom boom boom it's your mommy I'm
at you know it was my freaky mom at the
door what's going on huh why do you any
lift that mama relax I'm on my laptop
because I'm trying to figure out how to
bring my voice back I lost my voice well
lie you're so so stupid you're asking
Google you're asking a laptop but used
to but that's someone who has a brain
like me you think your mother doesn't
have a brain I think your mother is
losing her voice - mama please chill out
I didn't say you don't have a brain I'm
asking you now mama how do I bring my
voice back you just shut up shut up like
shut up what do you mean shut up do you
want me to say it in Arabic escort oh oh
but like that's really weird doing a
video and not speaking what would it do
me gang think about that I don't know
why are you asking me do I look like I
left that why don't you ask Google you
just told me to ask someone with a brain
and I asked you well if they're you're a
dooming gang then they should be ok with
you not speaking in a video because I
love it when you shut up
okay y'all I'm leaving now I was just
here to tell you that I love Wayne XO so
much I'm so proud of you
now that's good I'll be quiet after this
I don't think I can do this anymore
seriously I don't think I can do it
anymore
I need this week I don't care it do me
ganc seriously all jokes aside I only
give some thank yous to some people and
I'm gonna keep this unedited because
these thank-yous are coming from the
bottom of my heart so the first thing I
want to thank I want to thank God I want
to thank Allah for keeping me healthy
and happy thank you so much
second of all I want to thank my family
so my family thank you so much for
keeping me happy my heart keeps falling
off but Adams family thank you guys so
much for like you know supporting me so
much and being the best family ever
seriously I'd do this for you guys my
mom my dad my brothers my sisters my
niece's my nephews
thank you guys so much you guys are
seriously so amazing I want to thank all
the artists that were featured in my
album thank you guys so so much fading
silent so Kenyon brown DiMarco zach
night James E Mooney thank you guys so
so much I want to thank the best manager
ever nas I want to thank Ronnie for
literally Ronnie and Miriam for like
helping me out so so much when I was
feeling down when I was working so hard
throughout the music videos and stuff I
want to thank Debbie for being an
amazing producer the directors my team
metal Aisha my whole squad you know that
helps me out HIPPA thank you guys so so
much for infinity everyone part of
infinity if I'm missing out any names
I'm so so sorry Justin I love you guys
so much thank you guys so much I
appreciate you guys for the bottom my
heart and most of all it do me gang I
want to thank you guys for being the
best gang in the world I can't believe
it a few months ago I was telling you
guys I'm having a secret project I'm
having a secret project I announced in
September second I released my first
single October 1st and now my secret
project is finally all they're like the
moment we're all waiting for it's
finally out so thank you to every single
one of you guys who got it on iTunes or
playing on Spotify YouTube Google Play
all that thank you guys so so much
thumbs up the video every single day I
am still choosing a winner so make sure
you guys go comment waiting a music
video because I'm choosing one winner
from there for the jacket that's your
hand way neck music video yep Rima and
Marcin they're not in this one they're
gonna be in the next one with my dad so
do me gang enjoy this one thumbs it up
just know that this is the beginning and
there's a lot more to come so much more
surprises to come a lot of crazy stuff
for you guys to stay looking forward to
everyday no do me yank we don't stop you
know I'm saying I always want to keep
you guys excited and having something to
look forward to so thank you guys so
much
here's the video my family
I think its way neck enjoy
right hi Dina hi have you heard and
watched my new music video way neck yes
Marty lying I'm not lying
yes you are because you did it watch it
Wayne neck yeah how art thou left time
last time so if you watched it how does
the song go sing it
what's up hands that how you doing go
you doing good
wait you get an older man where you
going to chips what did you just break
the doorknob Hamza did you just break my
freakin book how did you break the
doorknob oh we locked out we're freaking
locked out yes okay sit down sit down
give me the doorknob what look what
that's okay they're lost
sorry man small chair I do eyelid you
lookin fresh in your olive green girl
sorry handshake boom boom boom boom boom
boom boom boom boom boom
just know that your icon you a legend
you a hero
I like that so what expect from the
music video I expect some earbuds like
our vibes a okay
okay I'll see you I see you why are you
doing no glasses
really you still cute with no glasses no
glasses what yeah you don't make Abel
he's on your table tell him you're not
you're beautiful without glasses and
with glasses
stay off have you heard the song way
neck you know so you do know the song
wow you're not lying sorry about that
sorry Dina do you know who's the singer
and the rapper and the song yeah who is
it it's right what's their name I don't
know Sadie baby and I don't know and me
did you hear the whole album chapter 2
yes what's your favorite song the world
salad so and already like now so she
don't let you salsa are you ready to
watch it no okay
I don't know I'm not a portal nope yeah
it's pretty cool are you gonna get in
trouble for this
ooh he's drinking out the car and oh
he's gonna get a joke you don't care why
yeah my ready and get rewarded oh you
ready to kindergarten that's true you
can never get in trouble for any
kindergarten you ready
yeah how long have you been waiting to
watch this all day so big
never come
I still work the lecture still so far
from greatness I still got half a good
girl still violate a fake church just
got home from Lebanon my passport got so
full I had to get another one it's bad
my life on the runway PJs on a PHA head
not towards the DJ I've got lazy I'll
replay black paper like a briefcase imma
make you face your fear nice today
oh you don't worry worry worry your
whole life away
and it swear to god he should've
came when life gives you yelling baby
makes them Yemen aid place I'll new
today I'll treat the plane like a nuva
if that makes me imagine doing this and
tuna
bouncing boys yeah
what was your favorite part - I am beat
dude you won the beat that's not the
song dude you on the B's another song
did you like my dog yeah you know that's
not a dog
I had a lion it was a lion a line it's a
real lion what else what do you think
this is my new favorite one
the video was 5 years we had a tiger a
baby tiger baby tiger yeah I don't love
it
you don't love it yeah why what was your
favorite part
baby penguins when I said just got home
from Lebanon that passed my guts off the
lights and get another one
what do you think about Wayne ik that's
Hagel huh it's Hagel you like the tiger
how much money do you think he's found
this music video I'm just just this yeah
200 not 200 grand but this was one of
the most luxurious expensive music
videos we've ever done
somewhere around there
you like whoo oh so you'd rather me have
her in the music video what do you think
about the song Oh waiting in final it
was what lightning and fire it was
lightning and fire how do you come up
with these stuff because I want to
involve in levels
what was your favorite part of the music
video or song welcome to Yemen baby make
some lemonade
yummy you just remind me it's been a
while
me I got the sound exactly is it we're
doing a video right now do it later
trust me no stop it's a good fighting -
have you got it already in iTunes
Spotify or Google Play
Wow do you know who the song is about or
names tell me those tweets what the hell
from tweets are you serious happens that
if you want to dedicate this song to one
person who would you want to dedicate
this song to bring that's a Big Mac I
wrote it
no yes
if you could dedicate this song to one
person who would you dedicate it to I
want to dedicate it to have this real
bomb because I know I'm not related to
Hamza oh my what's your favorite song
off the album Ray make you like way like
the most why why I love you so much do
you know take care I'll see you okay I
love you Dina oh I love you Dina I read
you chapter 2 you know move the chair
yeah awesome right what's your favorite
song off the album remake you like way
like the most why why because thanks bye
Deena they're coming now hey bye I love
you
bye papillote okay bye CF I love you
what are you doing huh trying to break
my chair yeah up get up little bro
we never take over it all iPhones and
the doubling you brother took it over
the internet get chapter 2 hey I'll see
you right okay
these again yes okay how are you
supposed to leave what are you doing
what are you doing oh wait open the door
my chips outside go watch it go buy it
bollocks to all the songs rate it five
stars how the heck are we supposed to go
outside like oh my god help help us
we're shooting a video please
and it should swear to god he shouldn't
pain wailing gives you yelling baby
makes them Yemen aid they replace all
new today I'll treat the plane like a
nuva if that makes me a
