as some I'll even when I'm at the light
will better cat to brothers and sisters
this is day 8 of our daily Tamil on
blogs and I hope you guys are doing
great and you guys are probably
wondering what am I wearing and I am
wearing my Justin Bieber pants Justin
Bieber actually shipped these for me
from Canada and yeah he gave it to me
for free because because I'm a huge
believer and yeah I'm just joking this
is just a sweater and I just like
wearing my sweaters as pants because
it's really comfortable it looks really
cool and it looks like just me but don't
judge me don't judge me
alright but today we're not doing
anything we're probably just gonna chill
I'm just gonna go out 3ma and I don't
know but you'll find it's agree my side
just chillin Grimaud hey man let's see
if she holds my hand this time hold it
let's go him up come on you know you
wanna hold my hand hold my finger em
girl
taxi ha taxi taxi taxi like a taxi day
hello Jeff
can Emma taxi going fast like a taxi to
give me a hand oh no son hey yo you
you're gonna give me your hand ok say ok
I'm paparazzi Remos a super story now
I'm paparazzi right now ok is that how
you gonna be real so doing some if
thought Ramadan shopping mean Rima
you're more kicking you want so many to
choose from
Rima we got this one because it's
chocolatey no chips you want Rima huh
what chips do you want huh
what should we sing go faster that's
even hit you
bye
Rema tells everybody hi like randomly
look watch this here go hope you watch
sorry
she looks at people and just says hi
Randall you ready you have a problem you
have a problem what this flood your face
here what that is that a toy didn't do
it
yeah not a toy it's not a toy
seriously door number one like you think
you're gonna get so much stuff like I
buy so much stuff than I eat anything
like grilling anything so I'm like I'm
gonna barely get anything today
you've always want to holder stuff when
we leave like so it's gonna open it that
what you hold it you eat it when you get
home you have fast into remo we're gonna
open doors we go home look how much gum
is all over the floor in New York is it
lightly with cotton blows I like that
new your area I spent at all because in
New York literally like everywhere look
gum gum gum gum gum gum gum gum gum gum
gum so leave a comment below where
you're from and if there's a lot of gum
or a little bit of a gum or just nothing
Rima let's go come on okay yeah karema
all right let's go you know walk now
they're gonna get a bite you said then
we're gonna hold it tight Rima let's go
come on all right let's go the chips is
bigger than you the chips is half her
size this is great the chip is like half
her size come on Moe let's go I'm
leaving bye I mean that seas waving at
me and say something live you say sir
come on
I go whatever II know I love Mahalo
Diane yeah
the ladies man you say sir you want
anymore he said that I already into you
all right you know interview is it's on
ask you questions our first question for
re Kabir is what would you say if a girl
says she likes you what hasn't had a
sister sister if she said she likes what
would you say how does all right you're
not say I like you - thank you what do
you say what do you think you know girls
have cooties right it's a disease only
girls have quite lovely
oh please it's not funny no no
okay and what is that cucumber come look
Sofia Arriba and zeinab drew you look I
love this here
her eyes look nice even lucky this is
you look this is you thank you see thank
you
that's not mama it's you say thank you
give it a kiss thank you so much to some
feet ha Reba and Xena 10 minutes off
five time and today we got the same old
classic legendary cheese with some blue
stuff we put it on the triangular one
this time and we got what's up prima and
we got homemade hello
cheeseburgers bout to get me down is
about to get crazy the meat is it in
there yeah it's so cooking but it's I I
got to I called I got to we got some
dates
you got some oatmeal and orange juice
and soup this soup is bangin if you're
ever sick and you eat the soup I'm
telling you gonna feel better chef food
and what's this what is I see that man
Oh saw that you're like a steam room
watch this slow motion oh my goodness we
got more Arab sweets and we got rice
pudding over there and I don't know why
mom got this from but I love her for
that she just got this I don't know what
the heck this is but better be chocolate
and so it looks like it looks like a
scrambled tree but it's gonna taste like
whoa all right guys it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you guys enjoyed this
flag flag flag and if you guys haven't
watched a new video yesterday make sure
you go check it out in the link below if
you watched it already make sure you go
watch it again so we can make this video
a success and these videos we make it's
like a it's like a it's like a school
test you know we want to get an A+ on it
get it D on it we don't want to get a C
so if you guys want us to get an A+ make
sure you go check it out and just yeah
just go turkey on it you watch it 20
times just get this video to a million
hits seriously I don't know if that's
possible but yeah alright so a lot of
you guys have been having some questions
on the know video and the main question
you guys asked was what happened with
the cop so this is what happened I asked
him do you want a date and then he told
me do you want to get arrested and
that's when I went and then he pulled
out his handcuffs and that's when I like
just left I got kind of nervous and I
left and the reason why I left some
people some of you were like oh he
doesn't have the right to do that I
should have stayed this in that I was so
thirsty I was so hungry I was fasting I
was freaking hot I was so sweaty I was
tired and I didn't want to deal with
like you know arguing with the cops I
didn't want to deal with like you know I
didn't want to make a whole big deal on
it so I just left and I just didn't want
to care I didn't want to get in trouble
that's basically and I know I would have
never gotten in trouble for asking him
do you want a date even though I should
ask him do you want a donut or something
but I should have you know I wanted to
leave at that point if you guys are in
my position and if you guys were hot
sweaty thirsty you guys wouldn't want to
deal with arguing with him so that's why
I just left so that's basically what
happened so yeah so thank you guys so
much for the love and support it's your
motivation that's making us continuing
and going so thank you guys so much as
do not know how much you guys mean tell
us like from the bottom of my freakin
esophagus I love you guys so much - take
care we'll see you guys tomorrow
Mima huh go get it so go get it
