as-salaam-alaikum what I'm not to lie
you will better cancer brothers and
sisters how you guys doing today guys
doing good you guys doing great it is
day seven of Ramadan and it's crazy we
have finished seven days of Ramadan
already um do you guys got to this video
either by Twitter or by Facebook or by
YouTube subscriptions so yeah if we tell
you guys that if video is gonna be a
specific time always check YouTube first
because sometimes we put it up a little
later on Twitter or Facebook so yeah
today we're actually me and share how
going to the movies to watch a movie
then we're gonna I'm gonna be back to do
a thought here and then we have a new
video coming out today at 6 p.m. Eastern
time that you guys must watch and you
guys will see a preview of it at the end
and yeah it's gonna be one of the
craziest videos we've ever done and it's
gonna be the highlight of phenomena and
I can't wait for you guys to watch it
and yeah we'll see you guys then what do
you want for me she wants to go outside
right now I'm sorry I'll to go after
little cute puppy things I'm sorry you
just woke up we can't take you out now I
can't take go now you just woke up you
were sleeping forever of thought right
okay she's savvy enough I'm sorry I
never met you I never met me you craboo
tonight I'm kissing up with cheeks she
said right now look you in a bit Bob
you're welcome you look let's see if
she's scared or not come on you know huh
go get it so go get it go get it go get
you your slipper you should go get it
speak English huh yeah I got it
go get it she's here too
we see ego that yo you see the ego
I don't know but I see if there
is it it's the eagle or what or like
everybody just taking pictures of it
look as if it's like what the heck like
I'm gonna see Bugatti shake and shake is
gonna speak Arabic to me right ready
I'm Adam Adam Saleh I mean to my
Kobayashi
to me Onix under gravity my RV yeah a
nice me shock but I know a manipulative
actually pretty good right the movie
theater right now about to go watch but
you're watching tickets
Gretchen good own ups too weird is a
funny movie hopefully it's a letter you
know was in it yeah
Adam Sandler Chris Wright oh my freaking
God
oh my goodness I just met one direction
yo stay the middle six direction six
foot
oh I'm staying early right now somebody
drew a mustache on there that is pretty
you look like real life guys who did
that who do my side so guys we're just
here chillin with Louie and
and I will show my boy Liam what's up
Liam your what I am in a hurry in the
morning I'll be singing like talking my
boys that was where I kind of started we
tried to stay away from the typical boy
band thing my graph down sweetie so we
just finished watching grown-ups and
your movie night you can was hilarious
it was funny but I think it could have
been better and that's it I can't wait
to watch it this is us I'm finally home
I'm actually about 10 minutes late after
I've thought no actually 20 minutes left
thought it wasn't my fault because I was
in the train the train was taking so
long and now I have tea all alone I'm
gonna have to eat some leftovers and
stuff but yeah I haven't even ate but
yeah my tea right now I have three dates
have some rice some chicken some sambusa
some leftover some booza some chocolate
some ice cream some pineapples yeah I
mean healthy - man I got em - who knows
was Tim - if you guys know what swim to
leave a comment below if you know what
it is water and Nutella and a nutty
butter that I'm gonna dip it with so
yeah and yeah this is what I think I'm
gonna eat everything this right now cuz
I'm so hungry and what I really eat is
probably like a couple bites maybe a
bite of the chocolate one day and maybe
not none of those that's fine
it always happens to me I always think
I'm so hungry and I think I'm gonna eat
like everything then I just end up
eating like barely anything so alright
so I'm gonna open some fan mail push it
up hey your jawbreaker oh my god
hello jawbreakers reminds you ed Edd and
Eddy hold right there i'ma share it me
Sharon everybody and we got this some
more joints my favorite color is red and
thank you so much you're from
Switzerland and your name is Anana
pronounces it Stephon see since we love
you quiet say thank you that's a true
story
a sa we love you and we love you too
with it okay the room is gonna try one
pretty good Z going let's see how if you
get one come this is good super similar
try to get anything fight to go hey I
carry teeth go take a bite ham I'm big
bite
thank you so much from Switzerland we
love you so much I'm gonna hang these up
in my wall
thank you see thank you Wow oh my god so
much candy hug you guys are making me
feel so bad
coz and I love saying I'm chocolate from
other countries looks so cool cooler
than the one here Wow digging out we're
gonna stop no stealing I'm gonna share
it sharing is caring
don't worry when we open the stuff I
always share my family I get some to
share I give this some to everybody in
that they always have fun let me open up
what this is crazy
oh my goodness thank you so much is
afia's from the UK this is amazing
you're my walls gonna be pimped out we
must stop thank you so much this is nice
Rima say thank you wow this is hot I
love this
you guys put so much work and effort and
it means so much thank you guys so much
seriously alright guys so it's time to
wrap up this flag hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog and we have a new video up at
6 p.m. eastern time so if you guys are
watching this before 6 p.m. it's gonna
be about 6 p.m. if you guys are watching
this after 6 p.m. it's already up and
make sure you go check it out and we'll
be following people on Twitter and
retweeting people on Twitter if you
tweet us me and share the link of our
new video on Twitter and if you share on
Facebook will we will like and comment
as much as we can to show a lot of love
to you guys but show love to us so yeah
hope you guys enjoy the new video is
it's a crazy video I hope you guys
really enjoy it and show a lot of love
with the thumbs up button and just go
turkey on it seriously go turkey on it
make it I just you know you guys do not
know how much we went through with that
video cuz and at the same time we were
fasting and it was like a hundred
degrees so I just want it to be to go
good so thank you guys so much and here
a little preview of it cassia girls I'm
doing a date
you want a date excuse me sir you look
quite nice today would you like a date
what all right that's what you guys are
getting so hope you guys enjoyed that
preview hope you guys enjoy the new
video once it's out thank you guys so
much I love you and yeah we'll see you
guys tomorrow
have a great date or a great night have
a great date all right thank you guys
yes bring the up yeah
yeah well have you ate a Cheerios
yeah Cheerios
