hey guys what's up day for a Vidalia
Donilon vlogs and it's still going well
and I hope you guys are going well - I
don't know what's up that you guys leave
in the comments below let me know
is it all not going well for you guys is
it going hard is it easier this year is
it easier last year
I don't know and shout out to all the
kids who are fasting because I know some
people were like 12 or like 13 or maybe
younger fasting so shout out to guys for
being cool and passing out that young
age because when I was that age I would
go to the bathroom and sneak and eat
macaroni and cheese without my mom
knowing so don't do that don't do that
actually just woke up right now and I
see her drinking this and I'm so thirsty
because last but before I slept I didn't
drink as much but I can't give it to you
because you're fasting Reema yeah you
can't just drink in front of me like
that like you can't do that uh-uh
stop what
hold it tight roller coaster
hold it tight uh-uh oh shoot
you're laughing I'm getting scared
they're gonna fall we were soaring right
now she's about to eat her toe I'm what
I'm hungry I'm seriously hungry
um hey are you doing are you that hungry
see MA oh it's a big kiss you got the
single dry say I love you guys I'm gonna
see you guys tomorrow
say bye say see you tomorrow
she says here tomorrow yeah you okay hey
even stop says Leah
but she's entered I love you like I love
remark she entertains me throughout when
I'm fasting she just entertain me my
shallow and funny
you and your hiccups beautiful room is a
blondie now say hi girl so are you gonna
past your past name
yes okay oh oh my god oh my goodness
girl
why do you take your weave oh we're
going right now
you create you oh why did he create you
say that again why didn't you worship
you I mean suck cessful oh why did I
look create you oh so cute
mashallah so walking home with bees
what's your name my name is Jenny faasil
you watch our videos yeah do one of our
scenes yeah uncle is a lizzie I'm gonna
buy a friend I like a secret but
enormous truck in Rama a spider but up a
bunch of what I not pick up vodka one
yeah
see this is the reason bottle dishes
soccer team doesn't get to FIFA I do it
I can do better okay
all right one more minute at a time and
yet it seemed the usual and I'm not
gonna show too much food today cuz you I
know you guys are getting a lot of
hungry but I'm gonna show what's gonna
happen after room is helping a family
pick up and put stuff back okay alright
your motor already must actually clean
it up to all remains so sweet you're
making be sweet at times okay she's
doing a lazy really miss the spot right
there
you missed a spot right there you missed
a spot
good we well you missed a spot right
there
you missed a spot right there
now what are we doing you know just say
yay I just need a fun I feel like you're
like I'm three months pregnant and just
I suggest you guys tea a little bit
during a fatter than not that eat as
much as you can don't you ride away like
me and oh my goodness oh my goodness
I'll feel I was I was like 30 pounds
lighter 20 minutes ago and just I feel
so full like I'm about to just go to the
sky
all right so I'm gonna open some fan
mail over here the first one can open is
team is say is your sub haha this is a
cool oh I think I saw this on Twitter
before right
well this one's nice hey you some you
love I love you hippie I'm done Shiva
tips to Pakistan yeah shakey V again
fuzzy aha well I'm loving this Yousef
once again
Rema Rema Rema doesn't do a Rema Rema
come guess who this is huh this is you
this is you see thank you - thank you
Sarah
mom fab don't muddy are you drawing a
mustache on yourself see thank you this
is amazing how shakers in love this she
thank you so much Sarah and alum for all
your hard work and thank you for always
supporting us - I'm gonna hang these up
on my wall I need more tape like I got
lazy after our bus where I'm gonna hang
up everything that I happen is
everything is gonna be packed - pick a
number from 1 through 100 and what are
you thinking of I was thinking of 85 and
still nobody got it yet somebody was so
close to having it somebody wrote 86 but
nobody has got it yet let me see oh no
II 576 this what I do I go in there and
I click 85 we'll see who got it let's
see who got it somebody wrote the whole
numbers over there that doesn't count
but yeah you still didn't get 85 the
contest is still going and true story a
say is trending worldwide and it just
feels cool seeing it there because I got
so it's time to wrap up this flag and I
want to give a huge shout out to you
guys for everybody who participated of a
Twitter contest thank you guys so much
for participating and I hope you guys
had fun and we will do more so if
anybody who didn't win we will do be
doing another one next Saturday and
another one the Saturday after that so
don't worry first one is a shout out to
Tanya
Shabnam actor so harsh Tanya for you the
first one who won round one and shout
out to Neha she said Michael Jackson
when I guessed and I said guess which
singer so if she gets Michael Jackson
and I told her you got a right now beat
it
shout-out to Zayn Malik well to see
Malik fan account what Mallika its
Malaika me blush that's what it's called
he'll shout out to you for getting them
dark orange right was a colour shout-out
to Maryam L Rhea's for guessing
Kazakhstan it was actually a hard
country that I chose but it's not that
hard cuz that's what Bora is from I like
you I like you a lot shoutout to Sarah
um she gets Jennifer Lawrence from The
Hunger Games which we're in the hard
rain games right now
shoutout to dunya 200 she got the number
right so shout-out to high shout-out to
who my alarm for guessing the name of my
hamster what color he is his name is
chocolate and his name is skin colors
chocolate too and he only wants to run
when I freakin sleep and when I'm
sleeping he wants to run his little
wheel and things so annoying
shout out to another Sarah but her
Twitter's perfections jdb and she got
the number 67 right so and that's that
was 67 videos how much we have an
actress Tracy she was the first one to
see it so good job shout-out to Nimrod
for guessing my trick question right and
last but not least shout-out to venner
so hi Benna and yeah thank you guys so
much um we'll see you guys tomorrow i'm
actually going to be going to my
sister's house tomorrow might go mess it
up some more so should be a fun vlog
with hammers and haley and stuff like
that and yeah thank god so much make
sure you give this video a thumbs up and
yeah thank you guys so much for all the
love and support we'll see you guys
tomorrow hope you guys have an awesome
day and an awesome night so we'll see
you tomorrow peace
you
guys
