I need to tell you something good huh
like it is a poor thing I did something
that I regret okay what are you doing
hey guys what's up and doomy gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so up I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day do me gang before I
start this vlog I'm gonna talk to you
guys and update you guys about what
happened with Hilah and her school so my
sister and brother-in-law which is Hylas
parents they went to the school spoke to
the principal and talked about how
they're not taking the issue of Haley
getting your headshot pulled off
seriously so when they were in the
school the principal was like oh she's
doing an investigation and she's trying
to find out if it's an accident or not
the principal was pretty much doing an
investigation to see what really
happened with Haley and the boy and then
thankfully thank you got a teacher who
was the witness there spoke out and said
that this was an accident and that the
boy purposely pulled her hijab off after
throwing some stuff on Haley which was
crayons so the witness the teacher he
told that to the principal and that
right there confirmed everything so now
they have another meeting on Monday
about this whole issue because now
they're taking it to the next level and
it do me gang thank you guys so much
because this platform that I have right
here I want to use it to raise awareness
with issues like this so in the next
meeting they're having on Monday I want
my family to speak with the school and
to let the school know they can send out
letters to the whole school telling them
that pulling your head job off is not
tolerated in the school you don't have
to get the kid in trouble anymore I
don't want to get in trouble I just want
it to be a lesson so that's pretty much
what happened and I'll keep you guys
updated once again on Monday but now
let's have some fun to do me gang my
whole family is here the whole
atmosphere is here because I'm going to
Dubai real soon to do the fan love right
here so make sure you guys come through
November 4th 6 p.m. I cannot wait to
meet you guys it's gonna be a free
performance a free meeting greet and
also have my whole family here because I
have to record their reaction to wayna
that's coming out tomorrow 1:00 p.m.
Eastern time so make sure you guys stay
tuned tomorrow 1:00 p.m. also chapter 2
comes out tonight midnight in your city
you can listen to the whole album I
can't believe it's time chop the two
it's coming out tonight I have to turn
it up with my family at Assembly Oh
I play it on Spotify play like go to
play do be a chapter 2 socks today we
attack tomorrow thank you guys so much
you guys do BJ you guys are the best
gang in the world I love you guys
alright guys so I have some fake tattoos
you guys need to help me out so I can
prank my dad are you guys in yeah yes
hands in hand in hit me guys pin are you
guys on the count of three say prank
Baba Salah okay
okay one two three this is what happens
when you face time my cousin slim the
whole family is trying to see him and
they're pulling it like Dave's like this
side hey do me gang I'm here with the
Addams Family we have our fake tattoos
that are gonna put on me and then after
that we're gonna bring in my dad this is
gonna be probably the biggest prank of
the year you guys ready to find a way to
take yourself taking it off I can take
it off all right guys the first hats or
is it gonna be our Michelle a shoulder
to shoulder this tattoo looks so crazy
look at this man my dad's gonna freak
out I need someone to hold on to my neck
and I probably messed up a thing you
guys ready for more
yes guys these are some demonic tattoos
my dad is gonna go crazy right here guys
I think this is enough plus I'm gonna
have a shirt on and I'm gonna put my
chain on and then Baba Salah get ready
to get ya but we love you though Baba
sighs do me gang this is how it'll look
if I had tattoos and if I would vlog
with tattoos I'm not gonna it looks kind
of dope man I think if anyone does this
much tattoos their parents will probably
definitely freak out my dad is outside
right now I'm gonna set up the camera
and tell him the news I'm not gonna lie
I feel so so scared to do me gang I
don't pull it off for you guys I want
you guys to go Turkey and thumbs up
let's try and get 50,000 thumbs up we
can do it do me Aang in every single one
of you guys I'm waiting for you guys
thumbs up oh and don't forget to
subscribe you subscribe somewhere around
here click Subscribe because I upload
every single day like ratchet videos
every single day but a do me a
I think it's time
right now so let me set up the camera
and I'm gonna call my dad and we'll see
how it goes
do me a
I'm being the in and out because I'm so
nervous I'm so scared my whole family's
in on it they're gonna stay quiet I'm
gonna call my dad do we get pretty oh my
God look you can see it right here but
I'm gonna cover it up and then I'm gonna
reveal it to him was this the most
nerve-wracking thing ever oh no let me
take out my laughs bah bah bah don't
come I don't want to come ha come I need
to tell you something ready come on come
on do it
yes and you talk to you yeah he do it no
what hold on hold on I need to talk to
you okay I need tell you something yeah
huh like it is imported something that I
regret okay let me see what are you
doing are you gonna get mad at me or no
let me see what hat what do you what do
you mean let me see what is that okay I
have that's me little bit let me see it
tattoo I got a to come cattle I got a
tattoo like all of my body and stuff
that's that's what do you say can you
write no this is like nice can you think
give us out take the walk the glasses
the glasses yeah I want to have you yeah
yeah move over huh you don't like I
don't know if it's good I can like it
can take it as this out what if your way
bit what happened is just a tattoo I got
a couple doesn't I got some of my arms
too I'm just yeah I mean here you don't
have to do what I've got that : relax
okay okay can I talk to you please
no I'll tell you why I got another dude
let me tell you why I got it I got the
meat oh I got it
I cannot say well I got it yeah no my
hamster died so it means a lot to me
like this tattoo right here this edge
right here it means a lot my little
hamster died so like it means the most
to me
mm-hmm this one it means like power for
you Matt Hagen happen
nothing them have more here it's not
gonna come off about I couldn't I can't
take it off
I don't know what to do one okay so move
it for what I want to move it about
please well you must get it towards
memory again
well what I mean I think for you okay I
don't know what please relax
ah I'm sorry I get the Gator woburn ah
well and can and bathrobe my toes
they do we do it it Dooley game my dad
said he's gonna come back in 15 minutes
and if my tattoos are not gone he's
gonna beat my butt
come in don't come in huh yeah well I
told you I can't take it off it can't be
removed I told her I haven't offered it
you don't like it like stop right that's
gonna talk to me fuck you feel the
feeling this oak feeling lesson 200
address the hell is that - it looks like
she hasn't worn it I don't know do you
know I can okay
Oh Mac a minute let me take a crack at
him
thank you me it takes two years to
remove it takes to remove her lately and
need it and lean it I know I know McCrea
it looks nice you like but you don't
like okay okay
I can't move it I have to go to the
tattoo shop to move it I can move it now
that's good
okay I'm not touching you he's telling
me to get a removed ASAP right now but
I'm gonna tell him right now that it's a
prank and that it's just a joke and fake
tattoos so that'll make him feel better
I do not want to get beat up any more
about calm I need to tell you something
hey what can I tell you something yeah
my clothes oh oh yeah what yeah I'm
gonna tell you that oh ma these tattoos
right here or
what looking at look at the tattoos that
I have is I'm uh it's fake it's not a
real tattoo next week is a prank I'm
joking okay yeah listen good boy
even watch it look if you look closely
look you see it's fake
ah it's a fake tattoo is fake it's a
prank okay GUP how do you feel when I
came with this huh it looks real
yeah I'm sorry I won't ever get tattoos
no I'm sorry oh my god guys my nephews
of his here so he's gonna see me with
the tattoos do me gang I'm done with
this video my whole family's there I'm
gonna get my mom's reaction we're gonna
see how it is I love you guys hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you did make
sure you give it up smash that like
see you guys tomorrow do be Hank take
care I love you I love you I still work
the lecture
still so far from greatness y'all still
got time for good girls still violate a
fake Church just got home from Lebanon
my passport got so full I had to get
another one
too bad my life on the runway PJs on a
PJ head not so was a DJ I've got maybe
I'll replay
