dumi yang get is currently Thursday
October 26 1:30 p.m. and I am so freakin
tempted my sister called me 30 minutes
ago while I was editing she said that
some boy at Haley's class hit her and
took off her hijab and it got me so
tempted because Hilah ended up defending
yourself and hitting the boy and now
Heil is in trouble I was highly getting
me in trouble if she's defending
yourself in any twelve-year-old I don't
care what age you are any
twelve-year-old if you pull off a head
jab off a girl you deserve to get
smacked it's almost 2018 an issue like
this still happens man so I'm gonna go
see Haley right now I'm gonna see what's
up and try to resolve this issue because
the bigger issue here is the school not
caring about this issue they're more
focused on highly defending herself if a
boy pulls off a head job of a girl
that's not right and the girl hit him
back as self-defense should she get in
trouble should the girl get in trouble
you should definitely understand that's
what I'm gonna talk about them tell me
that it's not right they need to take it
way more seriously someone pulling off a
job
dumi gang I am with Haley right now and
I am calmed down I want to give a huge
shout-out to Haley's dad because he is
really really smart masha'Allah
thank you for calming me down so I'm
here right now with Haley she left her
school early because of everything that
happened she already told me the whole
story and I'm gonna let her tell you
guys the whole story so Hyland tell them
what went on literally from beginning to
end and I want to talk about after how
the school didn't even care about you
getting your headshot pulled off because
they think it's not that big of an issue
but I feel like that's a really really
big issue that's a that's a racial
attack for someone a guy to pull ahead
jab off a girl that's a racial attack
and that's not acceptable Tyler explain
what happened from beginning to end and
then I'll talk right after so I was in
Liberia class and this it was three of
us was me and my two friends were
sitting down and we're reading a book
and I was like three crayons launched at
us and mind him I saw someone through
crayons at you guys for no reason yeah
so some boy it was a boy that's sitting
the same boy that pulled off your job so
the same boy that pulled off her her job
he threw three crayons at her and her
friends and one of the crayons hit Haley
in the eye for no reason through the
crayons for no reason and then the
teacher told him stop and then when we
get outside he pushed be exact he
thought I was playing but I really was a
plane but I let them slide I was like me
not let me not get in trouble they
pushed me then we go up then we go up to
the stairs and he pushed me again so I
pushed him back and they would go to a
reading class and then he's old he's
trying to hit me but I'm like moving
back so I was like going like that yeah
he tried he pulled it off like fully off
he pulled it from the back side where
right here in the back yeah and it went
off yeah and your hair and everything
shove it in the school yeah and then I
turned around and I slapped him my
teacher saw him do that he was like did
he just pull the thing off and I was
like yeah and he's just told him to not
do that again instead of crying and then
he went to the he went to the
principal's office and he said that we
him and that he poked his eye I so first
of all Haley I just want to say you
smacking him is not wrong I complete I
feel like what you did was right I don't
care what age you are if you're 12 13 14
if you pull a girl's head job off you
deserve more than a smack but this is
the bigger issue the school her school
not taking this
serious so when Haley hit the boy the
boy ended up going to the nurse who's
that oh my god Haley hit me my eye hurts
he was in the nurse's office Holden's I
crying so what it seems like to me is
this boy he's trying to play victim
because he knew what he did was wrong
her head job means a lot in our religion
in Islam and someone to do that that's a
violation and for them not giving the
boy consequences
seriously gets me so mad so when that
issue happened her mom which is my
sister she ended up going to the school
and my sister told them why isn't the
boy getting suspended because he pulled
her hair job why is he getting trouble
and the principal said that there's
levels for someone to get suspended and
this isn't really much of a level for
him to get suspended I mean yes don't
get me wrong the kid is 12 years old
when I was 12 or 13 I know not to pull
someone's head Jabba so for him to do
that and then the school siding with him
because he got hit by the person he
pulled her her job off seriously
disgusts me so much I didn't go to the
school today because Hannah's dad he
held me back and he told me not to go
today and to wait till let's calm down
and to go tomorrow the kid who did that
needs to get consequences I mean yes
highly hit the boy she admits to it I'll
say it straight up he deserved that
smack in his face if anything he
deserved two smacks in his face I don't
want the kid to get punished just
because he gets punished I wanted to get
punished because I want people to know
that this is a serious issue pulling at
her job off a girl is a serious issue I
went through this issue when I was
younger with my mom and I don't want
this is going through with my families
and to all the pilot school you guys
think that's wrong make sure you guys go
tell your principal that it's wrong
there was even a teacher who had head
job on who came up to Tyler and Hayley's
mother which is my sister and she told
them that they don't think it's serious
pulling off a head jab but Muslims do
it's not only Muslims every single
religion needs to know that pulling off
a head jab is wrong more Muslim and even
if someone pulls someone's yarmulke off
we think that's wrong I'm so sorry
dooming yanked for seriously letting
guys know about issue but I feel like I
need to capitalize on this issue for
them not taking it seriously I
appreciate you guys peace love you guys
peace
hey keep it up keep up your grades keep
up everything I don't want none of this
to affect your grades and I know you're
a smart smart student do me gang thank
you guys so much and I'll see you guys
in the next trap
you're not hands-on huh
are you taking up you know huh
quite thick huh let me tell you guys
something wild and it'll cheer you guys
up it's a video that I was supposed to
do today I my dad let me tell you guys
why because I ordered some crazy tattoos
dumi gang you guys are gonna freak out I
got so my dad does not watch the vlog
I'm gonna just give you guys a little
preview hands up I'm gonna get shirtless
like this I have so many body arm sleeve
dope crazy tattoos look so much you
can't really see it folder what is it by
the way guys this glass says his hams as
dad's glasses got it from him because I
can wear and make say I feel better
because he wears similar glasses to this
so say up high we're twins look we're
cooling baby I mean obviously he doesn't
he's five most if I decipher his up dude
really why do kids love being bigger and
you're not opinion I just said I'm gonna
show you guys a little hint which is
these tattoos right here you guys
probably know what the prank is gonna be
but it's gonna be wild
imagine having these tattoos all over
your body and all over your arms so hope
you guys are ready for that thumbs it up
okay do me gang since today's vlog was a
chaos min Lawson we're gonna give you
guys a mini baby yoga challenge you
ready
are you gonna sleep
yeah Wow your hair looks beautiful hmm
this is the first picture that meme
Austin have to do so ma let's try it out
okay you ready Muhsin hello you might
hit your head on the wall up let me give
you a helmet just in case safety first
so the guys something like this oh my
god it takes a lot of strength but I
think I can do it you ready myself okay
okay ready yeah set hi oh my god
oh wait we got it we got it we got it
hey that's some crazy leg strap huh I'm
not tired you tired I'm never tired bro
do me getting this is my old one I
created this one so ma let's do it
he has to stand up straight on my knees
wait look what my son is doing good my
some really good offer you like that
money hello wait hold about hands up
hands up
hello it hands up good job boy hands up
don't move them stay still stay money
still up hands up Heather san straight-6
history i love we got the sensor he's up
he's up we all now we're doing this one
right here put your hand on the floor
hands on the floor put your legs up
he's a vacuum cleaner stay like that
okay put on my shoulder ok ok ok ok ok
stay please Dana Lee let's say we gotta
do it dark to act right right right
oh this one I'll be like this one saying
I'm gonna have to step on your foot put
one arm out no I give you one leg that's
it
yeah ok I long to see you right
ok my god don't touch the ceiling don't
touch it
let go oh no not again get up get up was
it yes yes you got yes hi this one is
gonna be a really tough one ok
I said you gotta go like this we head
back
oh yeah buy me a leg up give me your
hand
are you okay yes all right do we get it
no do me gank that was crazy so fun so
much working out I hope you guys enjoyed
it remember guys only three I mean you
guys are watching it right now so only
two days left for chapter two to come
out and do me game let's go what two
more damage you guys pure to Chapter two
right now also wayna comes out Sunday
1:00 p.m. New York City time I'm so so
excited if you guys enjoyed this vlog
adieu me gang make sure you guys give it
a thumbs up and go turkey thank you guys
for always going hard always going
Turkey I appreciate you guys so much
I'll see you guys tomorrow with the
crazy prank thank you to every single
one of you guys who always stick in the
vlogs from the beginning to the end I'll
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I love you I love you say I love
you alright you say I love you I love
you do be gay
gonna be kiss big kiss hey next say see
you tomorrow
hello where you been where you been I've
been waiting here the whole time for you
I've been waiting here a long time for
your home you've been missing
