the time right now is 12 o'clock and
Adam still sleeping he sleeps for like
until like 2 o'clock while everyone else
wakes nobody wake up at 8 but he seems
like like till 12 my hair looks I know
yeah Oh
Goku yo yo such a heavy sleeper sounds
annoying
go oh yo yo
so now we go go get up his total fun you
know can we just go tiger oh he go
king fuck don't look wallah
I don't know you sleep talk he sleeps
all - talking like Bengali say something
what you saying I know he says in his
language so you say something United in
Mohali
huh it's creepy yes well next time
record it so creepy I know he's saying
maybe he's gonna kill me someday or
something huh yeah I swear he moves so
much he kicks me stuff that I don't know
I like he just starts talking he's like
gonna now I gently got her arms and
gently girl um it was wrong yours creepy
I'm serious not even joking huh you know
I don't know how to sleep either when he
sees you moving around so much so thank
you see what yo the hell's here to live
this is at the window of um shakes house
this is Brooklyn College right there the
whole stadium of Brooklyn College shake
he's using the bathroom right now okay
and he's think you hurt
what Bobby look what man you do nothing
okay you caught me
I'm sitting to get in man once he comes
out I'm getting scared
ah so we're gonna head out and do our
morning workout not at the gym at the
park actually do some monkey bars
yourself like that when you workout in
the morning with a saw like I mean
afternoon workout sorry I can't go cup
so you make you big events Bobby go like
a sexy bunny had a sexy violence stop
yeah sexy buddies it's getting better
I'm Jewish
Masha look I'm this this is before work
you know right now thank you okay I'm
still like I don't know what the hell
nice an unexplained I will I get bulky
or stuff like that I want to stay like
slim how I am and just get a little cut
up I don't want to get too big like that
really doesn't look that great huh this
is great work it out look look at this
tell me how my muscles man my sex video
look at him be mad conceited fortunately
we couldn't work out today because the
parks are filled with kids and stuff and
a lot of people in the park so we could
even go in there it's like 80 degrees so
that's why we couldn't go then here we
got you yeah you want me to do ah darn
cake hi oh hey what what the hell hello
yo yeah but she got younger so they go
here yeah let me introduce a shape come
introduce your little brother do your
little oldest brother he looks like a
man tall you don't care yeah he was like
he looks like a version of you of like
three years ago or something yeah but
back in Miami again nope we are not we
are in the beach in New York City so
ugly
right my imperative the ones then I'm in
Miami if you guys have watched our old
blocks those beaches are freaking
awesome here in New York is so dirty
nasty the waters like yo you're out of
the green yo yellow are yo grave
seagull don't run seagull baby come over
here my name is Adam what's your name
beagle there's people actually going in
the water like this
it's just freezing I mean it's like 80
degrees but it's not beach weather
all right so my hair's a mess I don't
know if you can see it but I am gonna go
in the water school this man y'all
niggas crazy yeah the waters so cold
ah y'all feel like wait the top it feels
like winter
all right ready yeah honey huh oh
like antartic I can't what is coming to
hello
you are there so close that's so close
Kobi you good what bad for you basically
huh oh my gosh us look ahead and do a
backflip backflip
oh yeah backplate
yeah
or whatever has wiped it all the way so
the true is gone
how are you doing go you're
disrespecting our tutoriais a scooter so
I say ladies gentlemen live from between
New York we have a yo damn remote
looking cool
you got the low boots on yeah birthday
will be celebrated
we see your shirt hold that cake that's
we celebrated oh that was mulch I gave
it to him that's what she does and we'll
just call it Megan all right
damn look at this cake I'm a dog this
right after I'm done filming a lot of it
you haven't gave me some you didn't tell
me I was no no put on your nose I was I
was taking in that that's why why won't
you play me huh
no I could take a nap do you like naps
do you like that what the healthy of it
what those do you do with your face wow
you're freaking fool stop doing that hit
everyone she's looking I shot you're
crazy
stop what are you doing it's not cool
that's cold
oh my gosh it was like your side even my
birthday but I want that doctor put on
me Rima Sabbat mashallah by Rheem is
like the biggest fat but now she's like
a cookie monster look good look at your
doggie right now yo why would you do
that
Rima stop doing that what the hell you
doing
all right I see you getting kicked out
all you guys gonna kick that my room
find out get out get out get up get up
let's go hi yeah does your are basically
this is my hair now
I regret doing it let me know if you
like you're not one to ten what do you
think it is I think it's like a sex mega
3 3 wow thank you for motivation and for
making me realize I think it is 10 you
make bread you make Ariana Grande like
right now we're up he's waiting for food
we have here Adam with his new haircut
with the three cut three out of ten
tight-fitting my custom oh my god
Mylene only link will get the only
cookie we have this this is ice tea
choco Kristi got milk got milk
damn son you see this I got some this is
my dinner right here I got the best
project right pickles is gross mango
here Madame Zizi biggest fan number two
why not one in this I couldn't commands
it guys are in this love me as you have
game is based on nectar give you just
know I did my getting way too turkey fry
oh please
no Adam I speak Arabic no no speaking
Arabic speaking Arabic to random
strangers guys look a push a give me two
sorry hey now whoa with all the spam
babies everybody make some noise
Adam yeah my beauty right now is for you
man I think I like a boat beside you
always abso miss Russell just left the
ire of American Got Talent and it was
awesome it was crazy thanks for
everybody who came through you guys are
awesome love you guys so much we love
you
it's like
it's like sensei I'm going to train
right now this is the worst part going
home to take a shower
we are son you don't realize it I'm
gonna tell remarked professor yeah you
gotta meet me more
we're gonna meet Remo watching Remo
watching Rima now see that Rima you're
watching yourself watch yourself watch
yourself see hi everyone
that's cool look at you you look like a
like a like a midget ad mom so we beat
the record of the most likes that we've
ever gotten our vlog video channel 966
before it was about 800 and you guys are
amazing for beating this so let's see if
we can beat it this time so make sure
you give this video a thumbs up let's
try to reach it over a thousand and make
sure you go check out a new video
disturbing the peace in NYC part 3 give
it a thumbs up if you want to part 4 so
what's up guys so it's time to wrap up
this vlog and if you haven't checked out
our new video disturbing the peace part
3 make sure you go check it out and give
it a thumbs up because if you reach 2k
thumbs up we will have a part 4 and
another new video on our main channel so
the link is below make sure you go check
it out and we have some deleted scenes
from the disturbing piece part 3 so yoga
Noby to use your artery like the degree
thank you so much here come your
community hug I cannae like sorry you
know I'm with other I finish a degree
know that burger he laughs not exactly
then how is that what you want to
discuss or shall we get down to the nine
gritty your issues as you say I swallow
do I trust him he trusts in this is 50
shades do you trust him
oh yeah
this is my jam I love this song oh my
god
thank you all our sweet of you
toy yeah so for yo hey I didn't know to
do the guy keep I didn't know they'd be
here drop pasteurized another gonna
change you your highness
I just ran off but I did another relieve
the eluded hands what we have to take
you guys sure yes a white yeah no we're
with the diamond now his eyes
you have to eat Anastasia we can eat
down here in my soup
what would you prefer what would you
prefer soup huh sorry this is 50 shades
of grey I'm just passionate about this
book huh
why can you read it for me alright
what's wrong did we get to myself as
well thank you hope you guys enjoyed the
new video on our main channel and I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog thank you so
much for coming through every Sunday and
showing a lot of love we hope you guys
have an awesome night or an awesome day
and take care be safe we love you guys
so much you has a seriously amazing
thing so I'm showing a lot of love and
we'll see you guys next Sunday and yeah
I'm out bye
I mean later
member
