hello Brima still ringing hello hi
what's up bye all right so mean Reema
we're gonna head to the supermarket
we're gonna go some shopping grocery
shopping because my mom is making me go
get milk making me go get stuff cuz my
milk is expire so we're at the
supermarket and um you guys aren't from
New York City you go to a supermarket I
don't know some people are out of state
they go like it's like Walmart to go do
shopping and stuff but in New York you
go to UM you go to a supermarket it's
kind of cooler
I think that's cooler Oh coffee my face
you good movies but yeah these kind of
cool expose warmer is so big and you get
so lost and not four months cooler cuz
they have like the wheelchairs thingy
it's hard sorry she's cold that's why
she's tearing freaking love little
Debbie's her
this is my girl this is my wife which
one which cake should we get I'm
thinking about some chocolate chef
little dab your hand she looks like you
read my look looks like it looks like me
more oh by dream I never leave your kids
behind bye-bye oh yeah oh yeah right
yeah oh man I want some ice cream which
ice cream should we get Rima let's open
this up
I don't know they got the Jolly Rancher
one I don't mess with Jolly Rancher no
more so we get the Ice Cream Sandwich
you want one
I think damn I love these I want not I
want the plain one this all popsicles
norm popsicle I'm gonna get the crayon
ones what these alright let's go sis
ours right hold it tight
sorry
I'm saying hi to random people she says
hi to random people I'm sorry
Rima she's like a lady magnet she tells
random ladies or any people hide their
like the lady she looks kind of cute
she told the hi and we started talking I
was like hey well usually my mom she'd
bring gives me some money she says go
buy milk eggs whatever this in that but
then I used the rest of the money for
like brownies chips she doesn't know me
and she doesn't know I'm just joking but
she told me to use the rest of the money
to get any snacks and I'd dig out and
the snacks had a lot of snacks chips
brownies ice cream Rima but wants to buy
Rima let me know in the comments below
we want to buy real much only close to
ninety nine oh you got a thief we got a
thief are you stealing chips are you
stealing stuff huh huh no that's it
okay what we call the cops on you huh
look call the cops on you I don't know
you're these taste so freakin good
chocolate hazelnut you guys need to get
this and dip it with milk you use it as
a straw to taste oh damn it I'm telling
you let's go ahead I found I found some
Nutella oh these come with sticks Wow go
oh my gosh
you can't me carry it let's see good
girl look at struggling struggling we're
good we're good
one class right now in the tide ahead by
10 a quiz and I got my test back from
last week and Adam Jenna have 5:30
lucky him come on think
don't go near the track spin oil look
what's down there
so this only time we get service on the
train and we're outside on that you show
them to your phone for him he's getting
it robbed for the fifth time his home
got around like a few times and the guy
outside looks pretty nice outside with
the bridge
this is the bridge but was the
mechanical division
mr. Manhattan French you look so
different with khaki pants
right now says he look different with
khaki pants look cuter
and you used to like the same you just
mad big bird we're gonna make a
confession in the train that I have the
best boyfriend ever
right here won't the red and white hat I
just want all you guys to know that he's
the best boyfriend ever I love him so so
dearly so much and um thank you for
being the most awesome boyfriend I've
really loved you so much and the things
you do to me is just really amazing I
can't tell you guys but you go in dusty
but thank you so much can you give me a
kiss huh give me because but yeah he's
one of the greatest boyfriends ever way
better than Kanye West and I'm his Kim
Kardashian and I just really appreciate
it thank you so much for being amazing
all right great judge okay all right
right all right guys so now with
auditions for today there's a lot of
really talented people there is another
addition coming on in April 12th and
that's on a Friday from 5 p.m. to 6:30
p.m. so come through if you can't make
it through you could also send a video
to the email down below which you know
we'll see and judge you anyway but thank
you guys for coming and watching and
here are the judges with me some of them
are mean and some of them are really
nice and three two one
now serious they want to do a shout outs
all the big guys out there
no behind the bed in their
arrogance about the arrow or lose all
their you get dumped again at the hour
of Americans Iran Got Talent cheer again
Charlotte and we've got the host right
here thank God yeah just like I'm here
there's like a host of girls waiting
outside and we got done here's where I
find my sister and that crew right there
that outside and I swear to god I'm
gonna get you girl I don't know they're
just they're hidden back there oh yeah
right here this is Jesse um the home
easier this chilling I don't know but we
just left our American audition with you
with the boys right here
how are your shoulder hey yeah keep
going
alright we just left the arab-american
got salad and we're heading out to go
hang out meet Kareem Adam Abdullah
because shake isn't here he left because
he had work and um yeah we just chilling
around here in Brooklyn and it was
pretty fun today yeah being a judge and
all some chicken wing and fries and I
got my old friends from high school we
were high school together what is he
counting money man oh yes why do you
smoke cigarettes man such a bad
influence man such a bad good to me so
I'm good he's gonna pay for all them
listen how much a nice guy you gonna pay
for all this right we're gonna go find
some people who are less fortunate or
just in the street and we're just need
to them and see if they accept it
hopefully I do oh they're singing Adam
what you mean
how did it fit in our food I was eating
that hungry but we look for somebody
hopefully you do what you want you
wasn't I didn't finish it
alright mister you want some we're gonna
play Domino's I'm going to cut your butt
a Domino's and Dennis do you wanna kiss
me I'm getting married to madam you're
invited this one all right yeah him and
his girl they've been together for like
years and years and I'm about his
wedding so yeah I've got one somebody
bellydance he's our man come I'm white
yeah it's okay
he said he's white he'll go attack my
room was almost pimped out like it's
almost this is just this stuff that I
got from peel back some stuff this is
one drawing for me I really loved it so
much especially this one and there's so
she's still working on shakes and I'm
tell us I just want to give a huge shout
out to nude and her st. for drawing this
she did an amazing job I love it so much
you love it too
you never to stop to do myself
stop touching touching and you chat out
to Patti you chat out to their mean you
chat out to Lily he chatted to Nadine
crap for everybody for showing a lot of
love it means so much thank you guys so
much my room was looking much better now
except for this little brat touching my
I should have never put it this low
what's wrong with you
anybody want to send us anything to
appeal box the information is below Rima
please please please oh my gosh we ma
please I said please not be please I'll
put this here because even if friends
family visitors anybody who comes to my
room they're gonna read how amazing you
guys are and read how much love you guys
always show and all the support you guys
always give us and don't worry it's
gonna be a lot more over here here and
here here Rima huh sit down sit down
thank you oh you listen he all right
stand up oh you listening are you my
cetera this is fun sit down sit down sit
down
this is fun I stand up sit down sit down
figure four sit down sit down
this is the earliest woken up was like 9
a.m. right now sit down
don't drop it to me no so I'm in my
little brother's room and he's not here
I was gonna introduce him to you guys
I don't know fast matter his name is
Yousef he's my little brother but he's
bigger than me and he just came from
Saudis look at this he just came from he
did Omar like last week and he got this
and I'm not to take it from him because
it looks nice I like how
this is the best place in the whole
world it's Mecca I've been there before
- about what are you doing reme what do
you get down get down get down it's not
funny you get down I've been there
before 2011 at their own mother say oh
Allah oh Allah what Allah says la Allah
say Allah Allah wow it's crazy actually
put her hands up if she said Allah say
Allah say Allah Allah
alright so I found a really funny
picture of me and my two brothers in
back in Yemen when we were seven eight
nine years old
and I want you guys to guess which one
is me leaving the comments below which
one do you think the one which one do
you think is me we hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog so it's time to wrap it up I
know there was a lot of you know
craziness of usually having our flags
but we're saving that try a new video on
Wednesday 7:00 p.m. New York City time
is gonna be public disturbance in New
York City it will be epic and crazy
we're ready to do some crazy stuff and
we had another day to do some more crazy
stuff and it will be released Wednesday
7 p.m. make sure you go subscribe to our
main channel because the video on
Wednesday will be up there and we're
almost at 30,000 subscribers so go reach
so go subscribe it's our main channel
stop bothering hmm I'll bite you hard
we'll see you guys next Sunday take care
we love you guys so much and thank you
guys for all the support and make sure
you give this video a thumbs up and um
the most um something we've ever got I'm
not unapplied is almost 800 so give this
video a thumbs up let's break that
record and um we'll see you guys next
week I mean actually this Wednesday for
public disturbance it will get down
something I'm just ready you know I'll
get down some crazy stuff happen and you
stop talking and we'll see you guys take
care Oh
okay
