he's literally right there man that's
crazy
ready set go
hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're all having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so we're
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy do me gang I'm
heading to a basketball game a crazy
crazy basketball game it's gonna be
LeBron steam the Cavaliers versus the
Brooklyn Nets this is my first time ever
going to a Brooklyn Nets game I always
go to the New York Knicks game but thing
is they always lose when I go so I
decided today to go to the Brooklyn game
to represent New York City and hopefully
they can beat LeBron team if the team
that I want to win loses I will never I
repeat I will never ever go to a
basketball game ever again I'm not
crying
actually I am and you did it dear to
kiss I love you guys all forgot to plug
in a Dubai quoits haven't seen you guys
real soon chapter 2 make sure you guys
throw it and I'll see you guys in the
next time I'll see you guys in the next
shot
we got I scare what did you name it is
who apparently if you ever go to your
Spanish now but yet I like you look real
other side can they not doing it without
leaving a piece out Nancy what are you
guys thinking my margotti my beard
do you think it's good enough yeah no no
she like don't mind it good
Stephanie you guys Stephanie said it's
good no god Stephanie said mom I'll go
tease guys I was just joking about you
getting married Rousey and death threats
I was joking about that guys don't give
a death threat right now I'm about to go
meet my uncle which is Slim's dad I
haven't seen him for such a long time
Slim's about the vlogger right now I'm
going to a store right here mom bear oh
my god hi guys I just met my uncle man
it was it was crazy man knowing that he
wasn't like I didn't call him uncle or
nothing like that before till after the
DNA test it's pretty insane but I yeah
slim got the footage of me meeting my
uncle which is his dad but the thing is
that much why do you win a Cavs jersey
we're supposed to represent Brooklyn Ron
James boys my idol bro like this one he
said loved basketball so much because
LeBron James you guys do not know me
slim we watch a lot of basketball just
cause like we're not basketball
youtubers doesn't mean we're not we're
like a lot in Sebastopol even though we
do crazy weird pranks weird vlogs we act
like professional eighty-eights we love
basketball basketball is like our
favorite sport yohoo things anyone knows
today Cleveland easy for weight from
Brooklyn
huh Stan I want good game but LeBron is
a beast that's something to come
Barclays center oh I'm so worried right
now if they don't allow me with my
camera inside so they don't I'm gonna
take out my memory card and use Slim's
camera Slim's my camera is much much
smaller so um I know I know I know I
always do like my arm man my arm muscle
because vlogging is insane man
 the nets boy salamu decaf guys I
snuck my camera
basketball games are so different
because they're so close to you so they
can hear everything you say
come on man LeBron play in Brooklyn
let's go prepare the love Kevin Love
trigger the next blues today you can't
go back anymore better then that's a
good win
Oh
I gave Ana
Brooklyn LeBron play me won that one
he's literally right there man that's
crazy angle I see the King James
fighting for the line
it's crazy King James
Oh preacher
that was crazy field Ron face-to-face
one of the greatest thing right after
play when I wanted he heard me he heard
me but he looked at me like who was just
doing I just continued to walk mr.
Daanish like before he saw you he got a
little scared something out he got
worried man I don't come and beat him s1
do me game winning right now that's a
weenie I need them to wait at least
today because I want to come back to
that small unit
guys yo French Montana's right there
we still love you though we still love
you oh yeah triphala nectar up my flow
it's getting intense man I have a
feeling they're gonna come back I'd know
LeBron right now got it
we want to go back wait let's go only up
by three now only all my pleas are
routed to me no don't we need to win and
a foul against who shine my bad luck or
something would you do me the mats are
only up by one now oh my god and then
six minutes left what the hell only
LeBron man please I still have faith I
still have faith come on
this is so embarrassing seriously sir
Linda's getting embarrassed look Lynn
wants to lead an entire crowd cheer the
whole crowd is supposed to be like
LeBron and the Cavs man
all the bronze is Ben's sunglasses four
minutes left and the Brooklyn will lose
the box oh man
we're waiting never once we're winning
by right now go break it out
we out might be announced
let's go let's go guys one minute left
find any there's a way it's about to be
a win that what about the baby
look an update is beginning in the game
this is my Kobe prize my favorite player
Kobe Bryant is clutch 6w put the winning
games birthday engagement I can finally
come back to games I mean I Loki wants
it LeBron to winters I fell back come
back
let's go
what's up man I do what's that bad
parties aw man I forgot your guns
that was it game over man little man I
would never look at you same you just
betrayed Brooklyn man that's like Sofia
having a UFC fight and he's going for
like the other girl fighting Sofia man
that's crazy and he's wearing the drip
he'll be wearing the jersey of the other
girl right in Brooklyn Brooklyn is your
boy Manny number one in the world ever
will you go to racing LeBron were you
born and raised in LeBron gotta know
that now walk with carpet broke them any
food this is original game nothing
better than having some yummy food right
now so be crazy honey rice chicken you
know the soup is being annoying I love
the brown food agency I never I like
Pakistani so what's the goal for me
announcer not exactly but you know food
is like thanks answers are everywhere
brothers ones what you try to say here
bro g20 safe this better oh I'm seeing
this how about this how about you just
find me a Pakistani one this you know
what that cop what's that's cool how's
that a and i'ma look I'm looking for
yummy white for you do me gang I am back
home and seriously Wow today was such an
amazing amazing day finally the team
that I want to I'm not really a big like
I'm not only a fan of like the Brooklyn
Nets like I don't really know my I'm
more of a fan of the Knicks because I
feel like the Nets
and that's where in New Jersey and then
they brought the Nets to Brooklyn so
it's kind of like weird for me and stuff
but still I gotta rub the city Brooklyn
and they finally won guys oh my god I
was so so worried because I'm a man of
my words and they woulda lost I would
have never ever went to any basketball
game ever again
so nets thank you guys so much you guys
played amazing Cavs you guys still
played amazing LeBron you did so so good
and like seeing you like today was
seriously made like seeing him right in
front of me even though like you know my
favorite is Kobe I still respect LeBron
and LeBron is an amazing he's he's the
best he's one of the best players in the
world and even though I got did it and
when I asked him to play when I want he
was just staring at me like what the
hell is he saying it was a crazy amazing
day I do big a thumbs up let's do a
victory day was sup man I feel
accomplished because I don't know it was
just an amazing crazy day
amazing crazy game hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog and I snuck at my camera so
much crazy stuff happens
thank you guys so much I love you guys
to do me I subscribed put your
notifications on because I upload every
single day pre-order chapter 2 because
we only got like two three days left a
lot more is happening and do me Hank
just wait on it I love you guys take
care
purse I like where you been where you
been I've been waiting here the whole
time for you I've been waiting here a
long time for you you've been missing
medicine
