we are in Modell's right now they're
looking for shorts jugglers woman hi
look wherever I go rings because like
the shirt that I got I didn't steal a
shirt I bought something in the store
and something and they forgot to take
this off so we're about gold listing
rings so people thinking ring people
think I robbed robbed them if I do $80
all right what season if I'm A to Z plus
a sack these guys argued over money
perfect easy you should know like oh boy
those are you ready for the stretch to
ring up I'm just gonna show my thing
ring guys what we're gonna ring right
now watch this all right hear that
go back to go play some b-ball right now
any of you guys want to play us three on
three we'll beat you guys any time
anything whenever you I'm known being
kind of cocky around Baskerville but is
just like we had the best player not
team right here shake upward the best
player in the team thank you he loves
staying on the bench that's what you
mean yes I am bench warm right yeah
Kobe Bryant is coming up
right
yeah the brown Mamba in here Jesus
entered brown Mamba
the brown Mambo join the brown Mamba
that was jump shot nobody can mess up
dollars jump shot look at the sick of
this crazy this is raw footage right I'm
not even mine
no nothing raw footage right keep going
keep going all day all day I'm going to
keep going all day you let him go go go
it's too easier yeah we got ya
Macklemore play right there like walk up
to the club like what up fight a big
part right
we have Macklemore I said Oh Drizzy
Drake you play no line hola got a single
nice on first I'll sing you song yeah
first I'll take a beautiful song from
Mickey Mouse 1955 I sing when you wish
upon a star makes no difference who you
are on YouTube I see
oh so do you get it makes no difference
who you are um I don't know so that's
from 1955 TV singer sing it to the
camera see where you wish upon the star
makes no difference who you are see what
I rap I sing all the time imma drop lady
oh I'm about to be article way to with
your ponder star makes no difference who
you are what I'm nothing when you lose
your bonus song makes no difference who
you are as a meat shake we gathered up
we gave you
so thank you for soccer it's gonna be I
255 90 days that Walters name I won't if
any of you guys carry mix that song and
put it up on YouTube and call it the
Mickey Mouse song 1955 1955 alright and
we just want to hear how it goes spin
you guys know how to do like she called
ozone on life you can see Chris do not
leave you put all the soot on it it'll
sound pretty good I mean you're my
chicken spot right now
here's a loser
yeah pigeons because he's get scared run
away run away hey what's up yeah I'm oh
you think you ever done you guys want to
get some fresh chicken and that chicken
come to 117 second Avenue in the man get
it scared I got scared
yeah good say 1 2 3 and it lights up
anybody know how to make big quiet some
you guys want to go outside up an hey
shake it shake it shake it shake it
shake it shake it shake she's laughing
her gosh
this is like the biggest chess board
ever it is no not ever
ugly little Egyptian what is chess or
checkers chess you're the legit playing
chess
oh it's a different checking out that
little checkers like I'm Austin - no I
don't play chess or checkers just I so
right now we're behind the Seas and
recording on
I'm new video a new video and we got the
FOB right here this was tucking his
shirt
we got three right just seen as signing
it oh alright but we're gonna we got
movie who's here
yellow big bird the cameraman and I'll
get it to you right you're so awkward
walking around like this just flip
Demerol
the video should be up what should be up
um right now Sunday the video should be
up my no I guess today should have
been obviously it's gonna be a tomorrow
Monday at what time 6:00 6:30 tomorrow
has 6:30 p.m. go on YouTube main channel
it'll be up tomorrow 6:30 p.m.
hmm yeah ham similar you know how you
like ham like huh
Oh whose buns bunny is this who's Bugs
Bunny is this this is mine me no this is
mine hmm
no it's mine no oh it's mine okay okay
say okay maybe Josh II this is mine mine
your face your face is my my um my hum
nasty a nasty this is my hump my hump my
hump I relax we like like phablets my
shoulder she's been eating a lot of
these past few days okay like Cookie
Monster spaghetti monster macaroni
monster your macaroni monster get up eat
eat eat eat I just heard her in the word
eat who is it
say hi hailer no I'm telling had let's
say hi to me like you say hi hello hi to
me say hi to me okay I'm telling hey
let's say hi to me see you laughing I'm
he's not funny I know what are you doing
stop
yeah the actually cousins are not
sisters some people think that sisters
and stuff like that and people always
see a bully Remus not it's all love
right we might all love look always mess
with her like that and I like my so much
she likes it too all room is a beast I'm
sure gonna love rollercoasters and she
goes ups ABS ABS ABS I get that she's
gonna love rollercoasters when she goes
up right you gonna go on the King Dakar
Six Flags sit chill out shut up no
laughing you're not jumping my baby okay
you're not jumping on my pen no no speak
English I speak English not boggling she
be a comedian yeah yeah should be a
comedian yeah you you she's at me yeah
you yeah you all right guys time to wrap
up this vlog and I just wanted you guys
to know that for the peel box whoever
sent in any stuff they will be here by
around a week or two because it's still
being processed that's what the guy told
me so being processed and once it's done
being processed whenever you guys sent
send anything it'll be by a few days
won't be that long just the beginning
you know I mean but once we get the
stuff um we will either make a Ustream
opening them or a video opening them
sold and thank you guys so much for
everything I'm really trying to get my
wall pimped out like I'm not even joking
pimp my wall a and do not forget we have
a new video tomorrow 6:30 p.m. Eastern
Time NYC time um it'll be up tomorrow go
on the main channel around 6:30 and
it'll be up if you guys um tweet me the
link tomorrow once it's out I will
follow you if you tag me on Facebook and
put up the video I will reply to your
post or post on your wall I hope you
guys really enjoyed the video tomorrow
here's a little preview of it looking
good nice way
nice previewer nah I'm just joking he's
a real for you Jimmy said oh you thought
close it so because I don't know who
decide but I do know all right that's
all you guys are getting so make sure to
tune in tomorrow give it a thumbs up
justjust go turkey on I notice that more
people watching the vlogs and enjoying
them so thank you guys so much for all
the support and everything and for
always giving it a thumbs up and just
thank you guys so much for everything
for always being there Thank You team a
saying adieu Me's I just always want to
thank you guys I can't thank you guys
enough I don't know feels like I always
have to like know so yeah if anyone sent
anything on the peel box it should be a
bye week or two and something else too
no video tomorrow 6:30 p.m. speaking
with strangers in our languages and um
if you guys um if you guys want to hear
Reema crying slow motion she sounds like
a man look
all right so I'll see you guys next week
um I mean I'll see you guys tomorrow for
a new video but yeah I mean we'll see
you guys next week for a safe place and
these hope you guys enjoyed all this in
a I need to stop talking right now
because I'm talking so much stop talking
I'm gonna stop talking I love you got so
much take care and peace see you guys
this week tomorrow video don't forget
everything I love y'all so much hope you
guys enjoyed and I'm styling toes right
now I'm rapping like this I'm a crab
boat there Grabow night without a hitch
on my mind like you know what it is but
i but i but i but i but nowadays
everyone toilet gas and see what I think
on some visit would you got about here
what is in w8 what do you say I guys bye
see you guys um good good bye no I'm not
gonna say goodbye cuz goodbye music
forever her so I'll see you guys see you
guys next week
take care love you guys bye I just a
bike
you
