you're chillin in the hood filling with
City Hall Brooklyn Bridge City Hall why
my mother should be then thank you so
much how you doing
so what's up so we met a fan from Mexico
so shout-out to you what's up
nobody likes you
The awkward guy
you gonna hate him with people wear
shades in the Train
it's a train I wear shades on the tram
that's master just good-looking
yeah like he doesn't Wow I got hanging
people Buddha
yo big heart
ah-ah-ah
should I have a screaming battle with me
ah I won that's that one oh my gosh I
can't that's it you won high-five you
won - I got you one legged edge okay you
won alright guys so I got some bad news
and I got some good news right the bad
news is there's a blizzard called
blizzard Nemo supposedly here in New
York and another bad news and watch I
decided to bad news now the bad news is
we cannot vlog with Shaq and Abdullah
because they're all in Brooklyn and
transportation with the train is bad and
horrible right now and you won't see
much of them in this flag but another
good news is we'll still going to be
doing a lot of fun stuff with the snow
for you guys to enjoy gonna be quiet and
if I throw units no yeah stop place a
note on my camera don't throw my camera
so I just don't throw it
don't throw okay let me continue let me
continue let me continue we're all right
stop stop
all right so we're gonna be vlogging I'm
at my sister's house right now I'm gonna
be vlogging me Yusef my nephew
Hamza my nephew and Hilah my other niece
hi guys I don't got no gloves but please
don't laugh at me
but I don't know if you guys just do
this when I was younger mommies just
give me socks so I got socks has gloves
right so please don't laugh at me guys I
swear if you laugh at me I will hunt you
down I will look for you and I'll go to
your house and I will just put you in a
headlock and his chokeslam you ready for
this snowman contest yeah huh yeah all
right so having a snowman contest
my team is me and Tyler come over here
come stop yo
you already do that seriously uh let me
get you back alright so the team is me
and hailer me and my little niece say
your name hey des
so how do you how old you are seven all
right so it's meandher versus and the
team is all right versus them - hamza
and yusuf so we're gonna start doing a
snowman and we'll see who makes the best
snowman all right guys so my gloves
I mean it's mittens sock pins I swear to
god it's way better than gloves my hands
are so warm
usually when I have gloves it gets so
like wet it still gets goes through but
got it this is cool I'm sorry so no work
guys I don't think we can make a snowman
cuz look at the snow's fluffy it's not
like those stinky snow look just fluffy
you can't stick it look good I stand you
up
look I hate snow like that and no try an
oh I'm sorry for me but I'm gonna do
this follow me ah come on man - toe
Susan a joke oh are you okay okay
you don't do that dumbass okay do and
have little cousins do you wanna have
cousins whoa
alright so don't do that that's here
what favorites
does he favorites alright show them
Gangnam style do I know you're gonna be
up on YouTube
a scientist is very good I want to on to
see when you go beautify see it's
science
already already I'm ever gonna funny you
can't eat it it's too yucky so these
kids want to gang up on me they're gonna
see what's gonna happen
they're gonna see what's gonna happen
it's gonna be over for them and you're
first come on I'll bring each and every
one of you stack them up
it's not as easy as you think Adam one
cousin you grab my sweater yeah tell us
on baby move big another big I've seen
it I where's where I got him non fierce
quick enough party his bonnet buddy gosh
where you work my jackass the only way
he likes to hit him you're running away
getting me run away hard the camera keep
on yeah yeah right huh as Adam does not
know his rules for takedown so I got him
down and then he gets me in a headlock
once again down flowers back then yes
mean I had like that's a baby no like
creature so I got him already and then
like he's had him how does it feel to be
a loser like a cheater I want a face
where you see the gotcha that's it
you're a little baby look
Oh
we say my
Oh
and shop
the Fosters ship from a trickshot
nice little friend just so damn frosty
the people like mr. cool hi guys I'm out
to wrap up this essay Sunday vlog I'm
sorry that it's kind of short and we
didn't have um Sheikh Abdullah in it as
much blizzard Nemo came in our way in
this little snow came in our way and we
couldn't meet up or anything like that
but hope you guys enjoyed it by the way
we put up a new video on our main
channel it's called Arabs vs. Dacey's if
you guys haven't watched it the link is
below it's the first link right there
this is our new video on our main
channel it's called iris daisies and in
the comments in the comments below I
think it's like a Thai look most of it
says like this is Arabs Dacey's Arabs
desi and you go all the way down ABS
Dacey's it's like a Thai so if you guys
want one of them to when you go and
comment and just go Turkey and the
thumbs up please help us reach make it
reach 1000 right there make it reach
what I think we can do it and remember
to go subscribe to the second channel
subscribe to our first channel to stay
updated with all that videos so we'll
see you guys next Sunday for a si
something vlog we will be having more
videos on our main channel and we're
looking forward to having fun with you
guys this year and it's going to be a
blast
can't wait to enjoy this year with you
guys and I can't wait till gets warmer
it's going to be crazier videos once
it's warmer and we'll see you guys next
week bye
member
