hey guys what's up we are in the
bathroom and McDonald's and we're about
to go out and chill
we're probably gonna hang out just for a
little bit not that long because it gets
really dark quick this the new metric
they give it out after new yeah let me
see
all right he likes it cause like the bun
the bun cauliflower is green it looks
like it's green and red like a green
light pink color yeah and I'm not gonna
be used to it
you look like a bootleg betting or
anything it's me Mario I don't know
I'm called Mario man that man and Mario
miss together what do you want from me
do it what do you need something let me
sing you a song right I want to sing you
a song dedicated to you alright okay
Sweet Home Alabama what did you do
people in Texas really dressed like this
just like this just cool kids hide your
wife and hide your husband cuz they're
rapin everybody out here haha you like a
raise mr. Singh oh just a mushroom guy
in Mario you know this place is hot man
it seriously got everything if you guys
want to come here is Party City 34th
Street birthday swag Bert yo this is how
people looking out days and music videos
right they be late no worries I got no
worries come here if you like this I
ain't got no whips I got a whoosh I know
I know words you take you to the candy
shop I take you to the candy shop
something something let you back
I let unit laude come here don't stop
you can have the your way how do you
want it you're going back to think uh
but should I push up on it temperature
rising okay let's go to the next level
Tampax something something that's a high
five haha you know hey how would you
Lance how we do know seriously seriously
the guy just kicked us out cuz you're
forty too much enemy my something stuff
and we messed up this but we did it I
mean we didn't put the stuff back to
place that's fun we're gonna chilling
Basie's now I was like I swear I'm gonna
pick you up outta here
welcome to the family welcome to the
family have a good night you know
yeah this is the king oh I got better -
you know this is not cool
right now in my facebook and how do you
look
how did you like looks like they keep it
all ready son guys you guys got
detective Adam and detective but
we're detectives now see so yo you look
hot with that look so might be like a
daddy feels like a dad I have some big
announcements to tell you guys well it's
not really big announcement you got to
tell you guys some stuff first of all
read my six so she's at the hospital I
just want you guys to take ten seconds
and just pray for and Charlotte should
be alright so that means the next time
she's gonna be in our vlog it's like
after we come back from Florida so
that's two to three weeks from now so
we're all gonna miss her and I want you
guys to let us know if you guys enjoyed
these flags every Sunday and I want you
guys to comment below what do you guys
want us to do do guys want us to
continue doing you like whatever we do
and just have fun outside or do you guys
want us to do some challenges do you
guys want us to do I don't know let us
know in the comments below read all the
comments we just want to know what you
guys want us like what would you guys
like and we hope that these something
vlogs always brighten up your day or at
least make you smile so that's why we
always do this on their lives because we
like making you guys smell and
brightening your days and we have fun
doing it and we just want to thank you
all for always coming through every
Sunday and always showing a lot of love
with the thumbs ups and remember last
week I told you guys to guest numbers
swing that shirt that Eminem shirt and
the winner it was on YouTube in the
comments she had heard her YouTube
username was craft lover the number was
27 so congratulations to you
I already did message you and yeah and
something else new video tomorrow new
surprise video tomorrow's can it be a
surprise just for you guys we weren't
gonna do a video because we were gonna
leave to Florida on Tuesday but I was
like no I'm gonna make you guys a video
and this video is gonna be really
awesome I had fun doing it and you
it's gotta check it out tomorrow Monday
anytime he's gonna be up any time thank
you guys so much for everything you love
you guys so much teammates say adieu
means you guys know how much we love you
guys and how much fun will always have
put you guys and remember stay humble
and stay true to yourself be happy and I
got this free panda hat for me somebody
I don't know that how down from but um
remember no video tomorrow go watch it
it'll make you smile I promise it'll
brighten up your day even though it's a
Monday so yeah I will see you guys next
week in Miami then the week after that
we'll see you guys in Orlando so guys
peace out and I'll see you guys next
week
