all right so this leg looks like it's
chopped off now this or I'm gonna do it
this knife with this fake night hey guys
what's up we do meet gang
I hope y'all having an amazing day
because we're having an amazing day so
if we're having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy it's
time to change up my look if you guys do
not know in the past four or five years
that I'm on YouTube I've always changed
my look within every few months today is
gonna be kind of different it won't be
my hair it'll be my beard and the last
time I shaved my whole beard and fixed
my whole beard what's so so long ago but
don't worry you do me I'm not shaving my
whole beard I'm just gonna change it up
a little bit I feel like it'll be a dope
look I'm gonna try it out risk it out
take your chance if I don't like it then
it's all good in the hood I'll just go
back up but I do me again I'm not the
only one that's changing up my look it's
also Marcin sad that because he wants to
go everywhere with me so I decided I'm
gonna give him a little dope haircut
well your daddy said he wants me to give
you a haircut because you need to be
fresh for school so I'm gonna change up
a look and give you a dope dope look
yeah I'm sorry I know you hate the
barbershop but I gotta keep you fresh
just like me man I gotta keep you fresh
cuz you know what I'm saying I look like
a complete mess right now whenever I go
to the barbershop I look like a mess
because I want them to make me look good
just like how the ladies always go to
the salon and stuff I'm going to the
barbershop and I'm gonna take you guys
with me an I'm gonna show you guys what
I'm doing and what Mawson is doing we're
gonna look like two different complete
people hopefully we glow up yes we out
you don't know the hit Jake I do me ask
you guys in the next hey do me gang it
is raining really hard it might not show
but it's actually raining a lot come off
this come on we need to look fresh go
quick
get ahead go in there you can do it yes
guys it's almost time it's almost time
Mawson is giving stairs to the people
getting haircuts he's like what the heck
you got this you got this you ready yes
Boston's about to have a glow a doom
again you guys can hear us right now so
I'm gonna show you guys first
Mawson and then after that I'm gonna
show you guys myself so here is moss and
Monson you ready yeah ready 1 2 3
yeah what's up with do me game say look
him up fresh cut he always messes it up
stop messing it up and I love it
fix it it's supposed to be like this
yeah yummy to go yeah alright you do me
gang I'm gonna go down right now okay
alright so I have some good news and bad
news
hey do me gang the good news is I did
not cut off my noodles or my curly hair
and the bad news is I cut off some of my
beard it's not that much of a big
difference but you guys will see it
right now you ready right here do me
gang this is it yeah look look guys yeah
what are you touching my face all right
do me gang get is not much of a big
difference or a big chance that I took
my just wanted to try something out I
pretty much just kept the middle here
and I'm shaved a lot over here let's see
if Freeman knows a little difference
about my beard you guys got let me know
in comments below.also how does it look
is it better say no yes because during
our Fashion Week that's what I'm taking
the big big chance like a really big
chance right now is just normal like a
little baby chance bah bah yeah let's
call Rima let's see what she thinks
remot come shake shake shake shake shake
Harlem shake do you notice anything
different about me what I shaved my
beard no I didn't
Muslims billed as scaring at 7-7 what do
you think about it like who did she just
say I look like Stefan curry I'm like
nothing like Stefan curry sattva Korea I
love you so much
you're on my favourite players but Rima
I look like Adam solid I hate it so much
when people say I look like someone else
I look like myself
okay gosh man I look nothing like seven
curry I look like Adam solid oh my gosh
she's gonna go do her homework right now
okay do me gangster Rima right now she
is doing your homework she violated me
because she compared me to someone else
I know it's not that much of a big deal
but now me Muhsin we're about to have a
laugh so this is what we're gonna do you
ready mustn't you can't sit it on me
okay please I'm begging you do not
snitch say Walla Walla Lena gonna snitch
yeah okay fine he's not gonna snitch
I do me dang I hope you guys are ready
so this is what I got I have a fake
knife right here I do not have any fake
blood left so we got some ketchup I'm
gonna pretend that I caught my sins leg
off ready man your hand no let's do you
like last time we did hand all right
guys look I just fixed Mawson's leg to
make us seem like I chopped it off real
is getting tripped out man let me put
some ketchup on this leg okay I'm gonna
put some ketchup on muscles like ah what
okay what is enjoying this man you're
right guys thumbs up for mosses he's the
og fitness he's not a snitch no more
yeah thumbs up
ketchup no when I catch up thumbs up
this dude is eating speaking like what
are you doing wasn't wasn't we do the
prank stop eating now that's it
all right so this leg looks like is
chopped off now this or I'm gonna do
with this knife with this fake knife I
believe Rima has seen this already but
I'm gonna hide it a little bit and
pretend that it's a different knife so
I'm gonna go like this
Rasen you ready don't it doesn't hurt at
all it's fake what are you gonna do eat
no not eat it don't eat it don't eat
your blood man everyone sees you eating
your fake blood she's gonna be like what
the heck know what screw this I'm at um
mmm mmm banging like a biscuit
you be scared let me see you do a scared
yes yes small said yes his acting skills
is coming out yes I ready let me see you
do it yeah
come on yes good job watch it man
someone hired us man Disney hiatus dude
right here hire this kid right here
don't you no no don't continue on either
they're not gonna hire you if you're
gonna continue eating but Elmo okay
alright keep this leg chopped Lawson is
doing good Reba Reba
I don't care I don't care I don't care I
don't call my dad why is it why is it
ketchup ketchup my hands here fun print
Rima just said she's unprintable what
see I told you he used my dad to clean
him up now he's back and now he's trying
to kick my dad out he's like you clean
me up and now you better leave who was
worse as a kid me or Mawson Brian yeah
he just said my older brother Abe was
the worst kid ever who's after that me
or Mawson me I'm second place damn I'm
second place to do it yeah
who is the third person my little
brother or muffin hey man Rima damn this
is the top three baddest people babe me
and my dad is favoring us and so much I
think Martin is number one he's the
number one baddest kid ever it do me
game do you guys ever do this when your
mother's or your father or someone your
sisters cook food
don't tell no one my mom is in the
living room usually she makes me put on
a place like don't eat it off the thingy
don't put your hand in on my girl
Romano Qing gang gang gang you do me
Gong Gong Gong do me gang that is the
end of this vlog I just woke up from a
long nap I had a fun fun day with the
family I hope you guys enjoy this vibe
if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey and if you guys
haven't make sure you guys go pre-order
Chapter two guys only like three to four
days to do me yang I'm so so excited and
then waiting neck music videos out the
whole chapter two is gonna be out so
make sure you guys pre-order it and I'll
see you guys tomorrow do me Aang
tomorrow I'm going to a big big
basketball game it is the Cavs versus
the Brooklyn Nets this is my first time
ever going to a Brooklyn Nets game I
always go to the Knicks game
and the Knicks always lose something
like this time let me go to a New York
City game which is Brooklyn and let's
see hopefully they went I got a
represent my City New York City
especially against LeBron James so I'm
tomorrow let's see how it goes
the doobie gang I love you guys thank
you guys so much for a little support it
truly means the world you guys always
show so much dedication so much love I
cannot thank you guys enough I'll see
you guys tomorrow take care and peace I
love you where you been where you been
I've been waiting here the whole time
for you I've been waiting here a long
time for you
you like medicine
