we'll see how it goes let us know and do
me guys what's up adieu me gank I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day
hey do me gang I read almost every
single one of your comments yesterday
and a lot of you guys said for me to not
shave my head bald and I've decided you
guys you guys are right I'm not gonna
shave my head bald but I will change
something of mine tomorrow and it might
be a little big change I don't know if
it's a little one or a big one
but I'm gonna do it tomorrow so you guys
will see it tomorrow in the beginning of
the blog
seriously you guys always helped me out
thank you guys so much right now I'm
gonna go see every month and Mauston I
haven't seen them for a while so let's
go say what I'm to Rhema and Mawson
Rhema said I miss you baby
you wanna go to Party City say hi do me
gang Wow Rima doesn't want to see me oh
man he's scared the crap at him
doing good G it's poppin' G how you do
long we don't go chillin where have you
been oh you didn't say hi to me to me
give me a hug you give me a knock on my
door
only mustnÂ´t does that you guys goodbye
No second thank you say cheese it do me
again I'm having two hams in Hannah's
house you guys gonna see Jim and Dina
and everyone I see you guys in the next
so I'm gonna go with you I have some
business to take care of with Jamal
inhaler and the bully with the diss
track so imma see you guys in the next
who did this for me I don't know but I'm
really should I shave my head bald or
know why you like like this I find you
like like that
dad I'll see you guys in the next shot
no home no home because your baby you
have to stay home do me gank this is
what happens Marcin when he wants to
come with me he asked my dad but the
thing is he can't come because he's a
little baby and he has school tomorrow
you have school tomorrow I'm sorry I
wish I can but they're not letting me
you have school tomorrow
no not again okay buzzin
dumi game I feel so bad they never let
mustn't come with me because he has to
wake up for school and they put me in a
position where like I feel so bad like
nothing don't worry you can come with me
just leave school you could drop out of
school it's ok don't worry
don't cry okay okay guys look who I
brought with me oh my god what's up do
me gang look who I brought here I felt
so so bad I'm gonna brush your teeth
what the heck I felt so bad cuz he was
crying and I snuck him out my dad was
yelling at me like crazy
don't worry man I'm your partner in
crime I'll sneak you up not the way but
he felt so bad man his tears Oh what you
wanna pee
you're gonna be sure a doobie gang
Watson is finally starting to use the
bathroom before he was like half and
half but now he's finally using the
bathroom and I always have to be in the
bathroom with him just staring at him
and making sure he's good and it's so so
awkward because whenever I'm not here he
like takes the toilet water puts that on
his hair throws it around gets a cup
gives it to my dad he's like even why
don't you want Muzzin you'll have to
look there when you pee Mawson Watson
look here when you pee you not to look
down there okay okay hi guys I'm with
the homie Hamza and Hayley right now
hums they already know share the time to
put your shirt on Watson what you want
to be like handsome yeah don't be like
this dude what the heck let's go girls
believe c'mon I'm gonna beat them up and
I don't care
now girl what the hell what there boy
and what if there I'm uh they're tall
and big we're gonna beat them up
hey do me gang giman and Deena just left
and Jamel he gave a message to Haley
from the bully do me again you guys
won't believe what the bullies said to
Jamel so Haley we need to have a talk
and talk about these bullies what they
told you man so he can know what to do
next there yes
all right let's do it as I was telling
you guys Jemile and Deana they had to
leave with their mother but juh man
he told something - hey that because the
bullies went up to him and they spoke to
him they responded about to hold this
track that Jamel and Haley did and Haley
right now she's gonna tell you guys what
the bullies said okay the bullies said
that they can do whatever they want
Internet hope you do whatever they were
that they can do whatever they want
yeah what I mean they can do it over
like they can continue bullying yeah
like that and then they said that I went
in on the diss track makes no sense this
was about them no that's weird and then
what they said that's dead okay and they
said that they don't care yeah like what
do me they don't care about what they
don't care that me did this rally they
don't care yeah they don't care even if
we released like the full destroy do you
know like what's in the oldest drag or
not no no so it has to do me gay that's
pretty much what happened the bullies
they saw the diss track and they say
they don't care they said hey no one and
and they said they can do whatever they
want so that's pretty much their
response so do me game now you guys are
gonna let us know in the comments below
what we should do should have it release
a diss track that she has or pulled this
track yes or no or yes or yes yes yes
you guys let us know in the comments
below
how you're just gonna have yourself beat
in a discharge do you guys want to see
Rima in a diss track roast against the
bullies or you guys let me know what I
mean you girls soon please alright we'll
see how it goes
let us know what do we got the bullying
look like a pumpkin
I'm really doing this what you do all
day no what are you doing huh do me gank
this is why ma said wanted to come to
Hamza hide his house so he can swim he
thinks this is a freaking swimming pool
whose is that who are using Oh
my best friend I'm Abdul right here
and mom or mom or you look to the
hospital
don't you monsoon guys I seriously love
mo more so much he's like the coolest
neighbor ever Mawson why did you go see
the homie mom are ok do me yang I'm
about to give you guys an exclusive of
chapter 2 so right now I have this big
speaker this is Hamza hey this big
speaker it's really really loud so you
guys can jam and listen to the exclusive
previews that I'm gonna give you guys
right now these previews are gonna be
more exclusive than the ones I had on my
Instagram so I really hope you guys are
ready yes look who we have here are you
okay what happened your ear your eyes
dream I accidentally put soap on his
eyes you okay you sure you okay
my is your boo-boo better how does that
service you gonna have to put on a shirt
Bobby Jimmy do me gang if you guys
haven't pre-ordered chapter 2 make sure
you guys go pre-order chapter 2 you guys
can pre-order right now in October 29
you guys will be the first ones to have
it and even on the day of October 29 and
after October 29 you can still order
chapter 2 on iTunes but if you guys
wanna be the first ones to hear it make
sure you guys pre-order right now so
let's uh let's do this so if you guys do
not know chapter 2 it's my debut album
my first ever album it's called chapter
2 it's a 13 track album I have an
introduction in my albums called the
intro I have an interlude in my album
and I have a lot of songs you guys
already know the names of the songs that
I have so you guys tell me what do you
guys want me to play first as an
exclusive just a little pretty so into
one yes alright guys so this track is
called right there it's me silence oh
and fade the us three on the track
together let's see let's see how it is
thank you so much I love you so much
I love you I love you so much I love you
what are you gonna do with that this is
all right the worm what are you doing
all right guys next song you guys name
you saw a tsunami tsunami
yo am I playing too much of the song I
feel like I'm playing too much like I
don't know I'm not I'm not gonna play
the whole album with the help must give
me that exact night shot it's exact
night give me that we still got issue I
can't give too much
all right so Highness favorite one is
well tsunami Hamzah's favorite one is
way neck my favorite one I still don't
know yeah I have like two to three
favorite ones I mean I love all because
all of them means so much to me but I
still can't decide maybe after the
album's release
I can finally decide but we're gonna
give you guys one more preview I won
last night oh my god oh well uh sway
Nick Baxter
hi guys that's all the previews that I'm
giving so I hope you guys enjoyed it
pre-order Chapter two and I'll see you
guys in the next shot do me gang I just
got to the basketball court this is my
workouts that I do like three four times
a week I play basketball waiting for
slim and the vlog here so do me getting
I hope you all enjoy this vibe you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey make sure you guys pre-order
chapter 2 is coming out in just a few
days October 29 quoits
the bye I'll see you guys soon thank you
guys so much we love and support it
truly means the world keep smiling enjoy
your day enjoy your night wherever you
are and I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care pips I love you where you been
where you been I've been waiting here
the whole time for you I've been waiting
here a long time for you you've been
missing better sailors
