hi I'm wearing dear Adam to do 20
pull-ups
unless you do it unless stupid things
the pull-up thing ready 24 times oh yeah
go go now do 22 Tony I gotta get I wanna
see Tony you gotta jump to here what's
wrong
go 1 2 3 oh my God he's such a show-off
for one more this is he said sure no you
go do it
I'll go pump go after the girl
I can
what a show-off I see that's it I get
down 2009 i-25
showing up right yeah
that's what you call it ghetto workout
we're going it don't go to the gym you
just workout outside any poll you see do
it yeah what is that like the sir you
know what I mean workout not like
talking about yo tell them out Abdullah
never wants to come and hang out back
easily he's madly like you would never
want to come us and we just come out
here walk up like the yo yo my legs are
Leela sit down this is ladies guy alive
let's take five minute break I don't
mean heisting your doctor you anyone's
to be a doctor he's so lazy like that
I'm never taking my kiss him if I take
my kiss him like we gonna be like I'd be
like his leg is broken oh he'll give me
two minutes I know my son's leg is
broken
I'm with my boy Imran Khan say hi what's
up I'm with Imran Khan a blast music
blast music off
on my homegirl Britney Spears hi
Brittany
yeah yeah yeah I'm gonna look for my
friend what seen him I show up right
yeah I'm gonna look I'm looking for a
girlfriend
really i'ma look for a girlfriend for
you okay oh yeah well I'm a lick for a
girl that's gonna be my eighth gift give
me my gift I eat Mubarak okay
Oh beautiful
doner romantically
watch it winners in the way
ah do sup ah
I love your I think we found Kony do you
find colony
we're leaving
from the present ready
