hey guys what's up hope you are having
an amazing sunny day because oh man it
feels so good to do this intro without
the little kid I don't know why why cuz
there was a point in time where you guys
put the little babies the little kids
cuz the dumaguete you guys do not see my
nieces and nephews even the other ones
that are non camera the other half of my
nieces and nephews it's double the
trouble its trouble in the game come
over here
help us out no I'm a single dad right
now I don't need a wife yet all I'm
saying is that my wife has to be to do
me because if she is it a do me gang
today's mini challenge for the star of
this vlog is for Hamza to jump over the
chair last time hila jumped over this
time let's see how he's a break his leg
I mean jump over the top man I wish you
could do it well I don't think you
should do it seriously I don't care I'm
doing that my daredevil hums are you
gonna hurt yourself
Hina tell him yeah times that you don't
get it man
oh I told you times that don't get this
do this code again I warned the fan I
told him man this is what I mean well
family as well hi guys it's me to say
yeah say yeah you're what Cory's yo
you're Curry's like dope man look at
this are you coming over
no way
but I love you make me lasagna is that
the only thing you thing about lasagna
hailer right yeah
wait job pissing me off stop jump jump
but there's almost no no stop fussing
hi guys were outside getting food right
now and we're also counting down for the
pre-order in the UK actually first was
New Zealand then after that's Australia
and then after I was a Malaysia
Indonesia Singapore and after that was
Middle East then after Middle East it
was Europe and after Europe right now
which is UK after the UK is finally us
like we're last but we could finally
pre-order all you can handle
and this is how you guys do it because a
lot of you guys were asking me how do
you do it you go on iTunes and just type
all you can handle
Adams solid and that's exactly how you
guys do it
it's obviously not gonna show up right
now because we still have five hours to
go but it will show up now now that you
guys have seen the vlog it will show up
and you can pre-order it and then we
have to wait seven days until the music
video and until the official song is out
and you guys can hear listen to it watch
it
stuff it other side brother I know man
oh my god do me gang welcome to the
segment Adams Starbucks review where I'm
gonna be ordering random stuff from
Starbucks and then reviewing it for you
guys like there's a lot of people who
enjoy seeing other people drink and eat
but let's get to the chase this is a
pumpkin spice latte I've never eaten
pumpkin or tried pumpkin in my life I
think so Bob never ever tried pumpkin
I've never really liked pumpkin so uh
let's try it out oh this is disgusting
man
it says nasty bro pumpkin spice maybe I
need to get used to wear something see
how this tastes like cinnamon huh spice
just not good room you know what I'll
take you if it's bad stuff to drink it
because everyone likes it everyone likes
this no way yeah guys this is this is
amazing bro this is like the best
freakin latte I've ever had in my life
guys I'm gonna show you guys but look
who's sleeping I think I know why people
like it because it tastes really
different but at the same time is just I
need to get used to it I like me my pink
drinks and stuff maybe next time in the
adams starbucks review hearing a ticket
nah but seriously this is so so amazing
guys so so so amazing here you'll see
that shit throw garbage man oh man i
have to break the news soon I hate
breaking this news man I hate it so much
and I hate waking him up but my mom
calls me she's like wake him up now take
him home do this do that I'm on c'mon
chill man looks like he's been drooling
here and the only person I can actually
take him home it's me because he listens
to me but yesterday we had a big fight
so I don't think he's gonna listen to me
guys I feel so bad I'm gonna let him
sleep for a little bit I'll see you guys
later
take your nap baby I'll see you later
though I gotta wake you up later so two
hours late Boston Boston we're going
home
Boston he's pretending to be asleep I
saw her
you liar must've
stop lying he's lying he's laughing
Munson hello wait I know he's fake
sleeping I know he's look he does it's
his mother he does this his father he
does this his grandma I feel so bad but
I was uncle so I know that I don't care
but like as a parent imaginary kid lying
like this pretending he's asleep he's
such a brat look look why you lied to me
huh
you're not sleep and I still have it
you're not asleep the funny thing is is
that always works so my mom my dad
because they just don't know like hot
why the way he is he pretty much pranked
me in his sleep what he pranked me to
sleep that's insane
guys guess who's here I'm FaceTime him
earlier and he means it man he literally
came guys look at this what is it called
huh the Corey's sake are you sayin tell
them what the real reason why you came
here what do you want to see hmm
the hamster you guys do not know say f
is one of the biggest like there don't
my fans fans of pets
he told marilla he's a big fan of pets
he loved pets so much all right do me do
you love him ready you do who love more
me or do me guys tell me this isn't
crazy look what I found
oh my god what that I found a ring with
an eye this is crazy
then it has eyelashes what the Freak
I got i buy it yeah I have an eye in my
hand a doobie gang I'm gonna be spending
my whole night with the family because
I'm leaving to London in a few days
choose a place that you'll meet take you
one time soon Times Square I'm talking
about a different country man this
dude's at Times Square
wow so crazy how his world is only New
York City but ok I'll take you to Times
Square and I'll tell you guys the whole
story about what happened last midnight
I'll see you guys in the next shot okay
do me yank so as you guys know as it
says in the title it says I almost got
robbed by my own uber driver so let me
tell you guys the full story and listen
carefully because this might be
happening all around the neighborhood
maybe all around the city it was around
midnight and this was last night I had
to go to the pharmacy to get medicine
for my mom and then after that go back
home and give the medicine to my mom so
I took it over from Hamzah's house all
the way to the pharmacy it was a good
seven to ten minutes away because I had
to look for a pharmacy that's open till
that late so while I was in the Ober my
camera was right next to me and my 2k
was right next to me and then I told my
uber driver hey can I go inside the
forum see and come back within two
minutes and then you'll take me back
home he told me yes and he told me hey
man keep yourself in the car don't I'll
take care of it you don't have to carry
your brother assalamualaikum I'm Muslim
- he was trying so hard to make me like
trust him it's like an idiot I trusted
him and then I went inside to get the
medicine I come back out and the uber is
not there it's gone my camera was in the
car my two K 18 was in the car and they
do it has it I was literally out for two
minutes out to over I come back and he's
completely gone so I tried calling him
using the uber app and it would take me
to him but he wouldn't pick up I called
him around 30 to 40 times I was
literally on my phone for like a whole
hour just calling him and he was not
picking up at all so then I ended up
doing a big report to over like a really
big report tuber and then two hours
later two hours that I didn't have my
camera or my two K's and then somehow
customer service connects me with him
and he picks up and I was on the phone
with him on my brother hey it's me I
left my camera at my 2ke his voice
started cracking itself he's like
brother it was you what happened why are
you and at that time I'm already home
and I told him I'm like please come and
bring my camera and my 2k then here you
pop back he's like yes I can combat
it'll take me 20 to 25 minutes and
you're gonna have to tip me brother so
at that time I'm already so so angry
because he was claiming that I cancelled
the ride I never cancelled the ride
because I never went on my phone that's
how I know he was lying and then I go on
his account and I look at his reviews
and this was the icing on the cake one
of the reviews said this this dude
through the same thing to this person
right here and there was a lot more
views of people saying the same thing by
looking at his reviews and by him
telling me hey you need to give me a tip
just shows that this dude is an uber
hustler and I didn't like that because I
don't like people who rob or steal from
people so I was telling him on the phone
I'm like please come brother yes I'll
tip you except you however much you want
okay give me 50 so I was so so angry I
was waiting for him to come he ended up
coming and this is how I approach him I
wanted to see his reaction when I saw
him why didn't you pick up my calls so
when I did approach him he reacted in a
crazy yelling matter
I came at him straight back young thug
Adam ended up having to come out because
I do not I do not like people doing that
stuff especially when he told me
assalamu alaikum brother i'm Muslim like
what am I supposed to do it I supposed
to oh my god that's it your muscle I'm
gonna trust you and this is the clip I
apologize for using bad words in this
video but just when I was tempted and
this dude literally attempted to rob me
and I did already reporter 2 over but I
decided to share it with you guys so you
guys can probably be careful do not
leave yourself inside ubers but this is
the video huh ok give me my toolkit
thingie and why you lied huh why didn't
you pick up me like that again so yeah
that's pretty much what happened I've
told my mom the whole story this is the
first time and the only time that mom
was like Adam what you did was correct
because if you would have done that I
would've whupped this but do me gay
thank you guys so much for your level
support I'm gonna go with my family
hang out with them and I'll see you guys
tomorrow make sure you guys pre-order
all you can handle
thank you guys so much to everyone out
there who pre-order all you can handle I
appreciate you guys you guys are amazing
seriously I cannot wait for October
first for you guys to hear it enjoy it
and I'm ready to turn up with me yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care doobie gang yeah pics thumbs
up and go turkey yeah oh wait she made
it to the end until right here thumbs up
if used to watch thumbs up
alright I'll see you guys take care in
all day killing more night here in the
hallway
fancy you'll cry get us what they all
say
I'm about to go missing take it out
