I tore down the altar brother I can hear
from here in the bonds neither loud hey
guys what's top and doing gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy den in doobie gang
it is currently for 11:00 a.m. right now
in the morning I am leaving to the
country that I'm leaving to in a few
hours you guys probably know where I'm
at right now I'm not gonna say it in the
vlog yet I'm gonna say it tomorrow
because there's some rules some stuff
that I can't do in that country but yes
I do da I got a new camera a little
small on g7x smart to let me know if you
guys like it I like it cuz it's small
and I can carry it around everywhere I'm
going it's gonna have some sick sick
footage because it's a smaller camera
that I have the more footage that I will
get because I could just pull it out on
record you're gonna have a big one to
Ken and a TD I never usually tell you
guys what kind of camera I use I usually
use my Canon a TD and it has like a
widescreen but now I'm gonna start using
this g7 x mark tube because it's much
smaller I can carry in my pocket and
it's just dope where it's easier for me
but it'll be gang after you guys know
Instagram famous with Zach Knight was
out a few days ago and a lot of you guys
did a lot of reaction videos thank you
guys so so so much to everyone who got
it on iTunes everyone we showed a lot of
love I appreciate you seeing one of you
guys and the best part is watching your
reaction video to be honest I don't know
what to expect because I don't know I
feel like I always get criticized but
it's all good in the hood of the meeting
it's like I'm ready to mod to watch your
reaction videos but before we get the
reaction video started do me a Mitch you
guys click that subscribe button
somewhere around here or somewhere out
there because this week coming up I'm
not going on a crazy crazy journey it's
gonna be so so amazing so make sure you
got subscribe and stay tuned with that
do me again you guys do not want to miss
the vlogs that are happening in the next
few days but yes let's somehow let's
react people reacting to Instagram
Instagram famous Mizzou
got the Knicks at NYC oh my god I'm
scared
okay hi guys so far so good I was kind
of nervous I don't know I just felt like
he was gonna be like oh my god what the
hell's that him doing that he actually
liked it like actually Matlock to me now
he can jam too and be actually you know
ash to me like he said me thank you so
much I appreciate you no matter if it's
good or bad it doesn't matter to me as
long as Jamie - as long as you having
fun that's what that's what means the
most to me let's go
move on to the next one so kind of
nervous cuz whenever it comes to my part
that's when everyone is like what the
heck and then they like you know and
grows on them but because I know what's
going on here boy first of all it's not
Adam Saylor
it's Adam solid Adam solid Adam suck
come on give my lasting streaming come
on to everyone out there who doesn't
know my last name is solid solid just a
solid you don't have to say solid just a
solid and I understand you probably
don't know that I that I have to music
but actually then release my first ever
album I'd a new album called chocolate
to make sure you guys go check it out
it's available worldwide everywhere oh
yes I do not only do vlog and also don't
use it I'll do tours I've been in films
it's actually a big big big film coming
out
like a month or two so stay tuned with
that doing it it's a big big documentary
that possibly can change the world I
move my hands everywhere man okay sounds
a fun mix weeks I don't watch it and no
idea what's going to go down here to be
honest I love to the beat like I don't
know if it's gonna be super like the
main thing or anything like that I don't
know to be bad or what and see I'm
excited this Pausini
at least he's excited okay I'm nervous
again I don't know this is challenge
okay
right off the bat I like your just exact
now your dad's a really good boy so I'm
curious to see wasted into Xena rap is
the Yunus thing like what is he going to
do I'm gonna twerk he's curious
pressures on me come on
make him proud Oh bless you let's see
long time okay he knows the words okay -
like a boss you don't let me give up
looks like he's liking it okay every
girl is in Champaign Missoni so that's
like a normal thing now all these roses
pushed Alex Campbell is like pagers link
pretty much you're going most you're
almost like private serials nowadays
mission exactly when set that's
basically the concept of the whole video
that everyone is like you know he'll do
anything for Instagram you know what I'm
saying like if you see the video you'll
understand and even towards the end like
the pilot comes and it shows that that's
not our private jet so show that people
on Instagram wouldn't do anything to you
know to be Instagram thing that's pretty
much watch the concept of the video
thank you so much that's too man let's
go good boxing skills I was just
throwing a punch because I'm the beat a
little more like like you're just drunk
I was like but I thought trying to show
off my boxing skills I would be at the
boxing gym you know what I'm saying and
I'm not trying to fight kiss I I want to
fight him and he wants to fight me too
but he has taken the money fight so I
guess Logan Paul is gonna handle my leg
work but let's continue onto video
torn down the awesome brother I can hear
from here and the bondsman loud
oh my god oh my god oh my god doing it
she said tow it down to Ottawa to not
say yeah I don't really care
matter of fact I know there's auto-tune
in there and tomorrow everyone's on my
duty and you guys know I rarely put
auto-tune in my music for this so I
always gonna put no order to it I was
gonna put my regular voice because I can
I rap I can do my regular voice so we
decided to do it a little different and
to make it sound a little different I'm
kind of like a Fetty WAP I don't know if
it's like a fit of like kind of like
well people do these days literally 95%
everyone puts on the tune so like saying
that there's auto-tune doesn't it like
it doesn't like faze me or nothing like
that
I don't whine I know there's auto-tune
there but ah thank you so much heavy I
appreciate yo that means so much
seriously thank you so much I know a lot
of youtubers upload music but I feel
like when I upload my music I gotta make
sure like with my whole management team
they make sure that it sounds good and
credible like people will actually
listen to it and not something like a
parody or nothing like that it's
something that you know I can perform on
tour that Adam eats pussy so what makes
you guys get your tickets Meghan she
gets to do Mia Duque Australia and don't
even play just informants you gotta get
your ticket cuz we giving you guys two
shows
so so far but I must say they have I
really taking this to the next level bye
thank you I bet it is
seriously man you see that man I started
doing music like in 2015 and I'm still
doing music here there right now I'm
like he's seen like the levels so I
appreciate it man thank you so much and
seeing how smile on your face makes me
smile man it keep somebody with the
theater like that I bet they're rich
because like rich people always have
that beer like look super rich what the
actually is rich this dude is funny man
I don't know how a beer can make you
look rich or not if anything I felt like
that beard made me look I don't know
just I felt like they made it hide my
face and that's why I trimmed it down a
bit but I guess as long as you know you
have a rich personality because that's
that's what means the most you know
what's inside schools outside spooky
rich screw viewport it all matters
what's inside we have a good personality
good vibes and then you Gucci Gucci
I like how he incorporated his a little
box into it hello wait hold up hold up
did you see Adams sauce I don't know
it's probably just it's just my ears
there's nothing like that's five my ears
let's continue on the video I've not
thought I heard sauce but let's continue
I've never heard of sauce wrap before or
sing or whatever he does well and that
was not my ears I think he just said out
of sauce in a way in a way kind of that
come sounds cool Adam sauce
giannis I'd rather you call me Adam
sauce then people say my last name wrong
man so if you have my last name wrong
just
oh girl tell me what's your Twitter
without father good
you deserve a follow-up for knowing the
worst girl you deserve a follow but
thing is your Instagram or Twitter it's
not there man tweet me tweet me
seriously when I see you guys knowing
the words and it shows that you guys do
know you guys are bad guys
the way she had to really do a
double-take in my head like there and
I'm gonna treat you like a queen and
only for the grandma go huge shout out
to the mold brothers TV thank you guys
so much to see you guys gasps Mia in
Dumaguete I'm done with this video I'm
so so sorry if I didn't get to react to
video I try my best to react as much as
I can if you still didn't react to
Instagram famous tweet it to me and I
would still watch it be my whole team we
love watching reaction videos so make
sure you guys tweet me your reaction
videos thank you guys so much
do me a I'm ready to go pack right now
I'm heading out the country I'll keep
you guys updated with everything
tomorrow you guys will see the title and
thumbnail tomorrow so I'm gonna stay
tuned if you guys enjoy this video make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey
do not forget to subscribe and get your
tickets for the Adam eats pussy tour
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace
