hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day do me yank you all should
be having an amazing happy positive day
and what I'm saying that I truly mean it
from the bottom I heart I really hope
you guys are having an amazing blessed
day because having a bad day is like the
worst feeling ever I just want you guys
to know that just cuz you guys have a
bad day doesn't mean that you guys are
gonna have a bad life for a bad frickin
year always think positive and you guys
will have an amazing day seriously rimas
one that taught me how to have an
amazing day so Rima thank you so much I
love you so much but a doobie gang today
is the day I've seen your whole reaction
about Jim as this track but the thing is
this is he even Jim as this track Jamel
has handed it off to Haman and the
reason why he handed it off to Hayley
because the girls that bully him are two
years older than German and Highland
she's two years older than the bullies
so Jim at is like here I'm gonna give it
a hella she's gonna handle my light work
so Hylas here taking a shower getting
ready because she's gonna be filming her
dis track and you guys should be seen in
maybe in a couple minutes so let's go
see what's going on in Hamza and
Hayley's house by the way do me gang
tonight right now why you guys are
watching chapter two you can pre-order
it tonight
midnight so do me gang if you guys
pre-order Chapter two make sure you guys
tweet me let me know and I'll give you
guys a shout out in tomorrow's vlog all
you got to do is this you go on iTunes
the iTunes Store you type in Chapter two
Adam solid just like that you write
chapter two Adam solid did not show
right now because it hasn't been
midnight right now but to anybody out
there in any city if you guys are
watching it'll be out worldwide iTunes
for pre-order and October 29 you guys
all be the first ones to have it all
these tracks mean so much to me so I
really hope you guys enjoy it oh yeah
let's go see what Hilah and Hamza are up
to do me gang I'm with the one the only
Hannah right here hi how you doing it
again yeah yes you sure yeah I want to
ask you a couple questions before we
show them your verse in your distract so
how does it feel that Jamal has handed
you off you know the crown he gave you
the the roastmaster crown for you to
take over how does it feel feels just
kind of good you know it's like nobody
messing with you okay but see like if
someone mess up to get mad so I had to
you know take over
how long did it take you to write your
verse to me the various took like five
minutes the full song took like 10
minutes bad news that he only wants to
release the verse because it's I
violated alright guys so this is what's
going on kinda has like a whole freaking
song and I only want to do one verse
because the rest is literally violation
like it's way too much and I want to
save the violation if these bullies
continue on then do it seriously the
stuff she was saying in there was insane
a freaking 11 year old is writing these
stuff and it's like huh well she's 12
I'm sorry oh my god I'm so sorry
oh my god I forgot my frickin niece's 8
I'm sorry hi oh my god I'm sorry your
birthday is June 14 right - 40c June 14
2005 yeah oh my gosh yeah
oh my oh sorry about that I'm getting
old Wow me no shots at me do me gang I
did not want her to reveal the whole
thing because I literally read her whole
words it's overboard and we can only go
overboard if these bullies continue on
so Haley just do with your a little
verse that you have right now and we'll
see how it goes after how they react
okay okay yes all right guys she's about
to introduce you guys here um I heard
this track enjoy sassy Hannah a lot of
them love you seriously a lot of you
honey gets like one of the most loved in
the Adams family so I'm uh yeah they saw
mihaela um we'll see you guys in the
next set comes up once again thumbs up
let's take over the bullies they're
gonna be watching this and I want every
single one you guys to thumbs up this
video and take over you to do me do me
do me
thumbs up and subscribe and put your
notifications up because I upload every
single day
here is the diss track with Haley love
you guys
yeah come on I'm here for you too man hi
this a tailor on the beat yes I look so
sweet if I catch you on the street girl
you are dead meat whoa
you better stop me and I better not see
you trying to call your mom you're a
bully and I might eat you like pastrami
you already know do me gang here they
got me
bullying demands cuz you're jealous of
him making my family proud what I would
make you win seeing you the other day
and you didn't know what to do
I'm just like cardi B I can have bloody
shoes - oh I'm not Adam I can give you
more than you can handle
i'ma go airborne and took off with my
sandal i'ma blow you away like a little
baby can taste their words before you
spit them out
you made a damn mistake you know what
I'm about I made the football team while
you weren't a Girl Scout
yup okay okay hey Lyla chill
Hayley Hayley relax what if you guys
want the rest of the verse makes you
guys give this video a thumbs up let's
see what I wanted to post it wasn't even
that hard trust me it was hard hi live
tell you it was too too crazy if you
guys really want to see it thumbs up
this video Halen murder minute protect
it homie Japan
Adobe gig that was this shows that my
clothing looks like it's about a pop yes
I did mainly to keep on going if I go to
them and I see them Obama actually say
something cuz last time did I say
anything or I released a second wrist
whole
hand is like either she goes or the
verse needs to be leaked I don't know I
think for now let's just wait because
these bullies that bullied you man they
do not stop but what if they don't stop
are you gonna release your diversity
attract yes I will I'm looking another
one too oh my god she got some crazy
really you're telling me okay this is
what I think these bullies are probably
just bored or maybe they're low-key like
undercover fans and they just love Jomon
but the thing is they always make my
nephew jamak cry and as I told you guys
whenever they make Jamaat card that
means they really got him angry and they
really believe him but it's all good in
the hood I hope you guys enjoyed that if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up do me gag if you guys want the rest
of it I'm not saying that heylia has it
Kyle it has the whole rest of the verse
I just wanted you know to chill out when
your card memory card downstairs oh my
god I don't know if it's gonna be
released maybe in a year two years but
we'll just wait and see I don't know
thank you guys so much hi know what I
wants it to do me a do me game thank you
for having mine and Jamal's back yokas
these boys are very mean to him he'd be
telling me so that's what they get but
yes to do me gay guys want you guys to
know that this is something just you
know something fun entertaining and I
really hope you guys are enjoying it
what what happened what's going on what
color is there another freaking drama
going on what what color are these shoes
gray and blue or green no way good so
obvious white in pink this is not wine
pink yes it is this is freakin wall no
that's blue and gray that's not what you
think you see that's not what you think
I just thought you're too dumb enough to
notice that this is old people because
my dad said it was green my mom see old
people these days whose form is it
something it's done I mean maybe the
sneaker is actually white in pink but in
the picture you showed me it was gray
and blue right ladies yeah well then
it's gray and blue right young kids out
there little baby made that maybe roast
you don't make you trust me we got told
I am manitou tall man hi guys I just met
up my cousins live Italian oh gee mr.
see guys like 2018 there's gonna be a
whole different like crazy you know
there's gonna be different meanings in
Wow because now that I know he's my
cousin he's getting really really wild
loves when people grab whatever see me
slim just grab his little dog what's up
I love zookie style bro
he's a minute mom arts gonna be part of
the vlogs now you guys are gonna see him
like a lot more because I see him a lot
so homie come on man take care thank
your MA hi guys we are here we have
bubble tea we just met up with the homie
Nicki bedroll Gonzales how you doing
jaelyn mati this is what we always do we
get bubble tea and we're gonna get some
craps and then after that we're gonna
just talk about you know what craps it
scripts cries I got Nutella crap you got
a white chocolate crap I've gotta eat
this crap I'm on I'm into your crap in a
Batman laughs yes
you guys are so weird this is what we do
when we think about like our ideas and
everything we come together and just
talk and have a little meeting and stuff
here and you're who tell like crap so
video until it crepes
alright guys they keep laughing at me
they're like the Jackie that I have the
code that I have looks like from Luque
oh yeah from Rohan this man problem ends
not hot means not hot right behind this
is too much man's not hot huh no do me
gang that is the end of this vlog I hope
you all enjoyed this vibe you did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey I hope you guys pre-ordered
chapter to do me yang is coming October
29th oh yeah when I comes out to upper
29th 1 p.m. NYC time so make sure you
guys stay tuned for that thank you guys
so much I love you guys
take care pitch where you been where you
been I've been waiting here the whole
time for you I've been waiting here a
long time for you you've been missing
