I want to talk to you about me getting
married when one should I get married so
you're amazing happy day you wait to me
game it's your boat you're mad the
roastmaster who took over the club what
are you doing as a ninja saying the
intro yeah I was just about to do the
intro right now isn't it my job to do
the intro I said get the hell out of
here I'm gonna get the hell out of here
yeah yeah pillows on the chair yeah why
what the heck is going on don't say that
sir I already said it you already said
that Joe yeah do you say good yeah all
right sounds good
have fun what made you mad do me gay gay
gay gay
what up I hope you all are smiling today
hope you all are happy today if you guys
are feeling sad just know that I'm
always getting laughed at about my henna
in public so you want them to not feel
bad because we're gonna do a prank on
Dina why are you trying to take over my
line you're trying to say what we're
gonna do we're gonna do a prank gun to
be honest I'm kind of down for that you
want to do that I like your little pizza
you have any shirt why are you saying
that because that's so true hey do me
gang I agree with Jim at let's do the
teddy bear prank on Dina you know why
it's perfect to do on Dina because she's
only four years old and she watched the
teddy bear prank videos she thinks that
this teddy bear is an actual character
like it's an actual person speaking of
the devil right here who doesn't know
anything where is she I dunno how are
you looking kinda look did you go to
school today
yeah how was it game was good what'd you
learn in school nothing okay you're
gonna go play with the iPad
me and your mom we're gonna finish the
vlog and we're gonna see you after okay
fine I love you I love you Deena yeah
I'll see you later okay
that was really really close hi guys
Deena's outside right now she's gonna be
chillin on iPad we're gonna go at the
teddy bear we're gonna bring it back to
life and we're gonna we're gonna get her
who should be the teddy bear me are you
you sure yeah you can talk in the teddy
bear yeah you got a teddy bear got a
specific noise and like the funny clown
the funny clown got a specific noise you
know I'm saying so you sure you got this
yeah you have some of your this try
ready yeah I'm a dummy gang yeah no way
spit something spit something oh my god
I say go go yeah come on yeah come on
yeah if you guys want to hear some of
the diss track that Dramat has some of
his lyrics thumbs up right here thumbs
up 25,000 thumbs up and you'll get to
hear some of the diss track anjuman tour
doom again it's umph is some crazy fire
ish my guys so this is where the teddy
bear has been living for the past couple
months
Oh a couple years a couple months right
now oh my god
Teddy I miss you so much Phoebe do me
gang this is what we're gonna do I'm
gonna go inside the teddy bear I didn't
want your mat to go inside because I
don't want it to like not breathe good
so I'm gonna be inside the teddy bear
Joe Maddon's gonna go bring Dina and
when they come here this teddy bear is
gonna attack Djem and her brother and
then we're gonna see Dina's reaction
let's uh see how it goes you ready high
five
hi guys Deena doesn't want to come so I
guess we're gonna have to bring the
teddy bear to her does she know the
teddy bear here it is here no she
doesn't know it's the first time ever an
atom solid like that someone from my
family doesn't want to come to my room
I guess it's Deena's lucky day but uh
we're gonna go to her you ready but Jim
Anne is gonna be inside walking in it
you take off your hat be careful out
there buddy okay yeah it gets crazy
Susan it's too big I'm telling you
your head is in the chest you're gonna
better Dean what do you want me to I
think sit damn I'm surprised she's
scared man I should have known Deena
like get scared will cuz she should get
scared my blonde hair quizon squeezing
do me gang change of plans that was a
big big fail trying to prank Deena so
this time we're gonna prank my dad
because my dad and Jim as they're like
the biggest rivals and the best thing
with my dad is that he has never ever
watched the teddy bear prank video
seriously my dad is 67 years old and I
feel like doing this teddy bear prank on
all the kids is enough it's time to step
up to the grandpa's grandma's my mom
crazy if I do it over well mom will beat
me up so me and Jamel actually just a
man he's gonna prank my 67 year old dad
you ready to do it you sure you gotta
kill it let's do it I go inside because
I think my dad's coming right now
I'm really curious to see how a 67 year
old reacts to a moving teddy bear he
might actually think it's true because
he might be like what the heck this is
the future technology hi guys I'm gonna
go bring my dad okay I'm gonna pretend
I'm talking to him about marriage
ah I want to talk to you emerge ready
but mad marriage please enough okay I
want to talk to you about me getting
married one what one should I get
married do you know that okay I'm
talking to you man okay as I say I'm
that good deal yes yes
when am I gonna once should I get
married you what should I get make sure
to give me one mood I shouldn't get me a
next year or should I wait a couple
years now next month next month the next
foot yes - no no why is it moving
what then why is it moving is it yours
huh huh huh huh
a few moments later to get do you think
it was teddy bear Academy he'll throw
garbage yeah what if eternal garbage you
Oh about he says gonna roast you how do
you open it I'm dr. Jenna I know what's
the password the password is the hell
looks like a bean
I crazy
oh this is what I met ball rivals man
legged why unless they can't get up well
take care this is the part where I'll
leave Dena Dena why'd you guys care to
the teddy bear
oh this one deenis is waddling up there
Neha Dena's a fake teddy bear yeah your
mess is not scared killing more night
here in the hallway
yeah that's what they all say
