and they're believing it look watch this
I'm gonna show you guys I call him well
now it's for boys - hey guys what's up a
doobie gang I hope you are having an
amazing day because we're having an
amazing day so we're having an amazing
that you all should be having an amazing
happy
dumi gang before i start the vlog i want
to announce the fan love for London it
is gonna be September 30th
and caustic coffee at a place called
Ilford I don't really know much about
the UK but here all the info is right
here so a lot of you guys have been
sayin why are you doing it their wine
Costa Coffee other places like every
single mall in London specifically look
ok yeah you can come with me next time
because right now you have school
you want to come next time yeah I have a
as I was saying every single mall in
London they rejected me and said nope
Adam we don't want you because it's
gonna get really crazy
so I was this close this close this
close to canceling the whole fan low but
thank God
Costa Coffee said yes in Elford so
that's the only place we have it's free
and everyone's welcome and I really did
all in the book a venue or a hall
because that's a really long process and
they're gonna end up charging you guys
and I want it to be free for you guys so
Costa Coffee set seven xxx Ilford 4 p.m.
that's our only way to turn up we've
already gotten permission from them
they've already been warned so it should
be a little organized and the reason why
I'm saying at least a little because
London is a mom crazy so do me gang make
sure you guys come through because it's
about to get wild for all you can handle
I'll see you guys there I feel scary but
let me talk to you guys about the
chapter to merge mean you're gonna go
and we're gonna talk to you guys about
it outside all right ready say Huck as I
was saying chapter 2 merch will be sold
only in London at the fan love September
30 and there's only 200 of them there
well now it's 198 because I gave away
two shirts on Twitter
it'll be 197 right now because I'm
giving away one more shirt one more
chapter to merch from my Instagram all
you have to do is follow me in Instagram
like any of my pics comment any of my
pics and I'll be giving away one
exclusive chapter to merch so you guys
have 40 hours good luck
and do me a look look who left me look
who's ugly come come on buddy hi why'd
you leave me hmm why do you leave me
alone why are you leaving me goodbye
I'm with the gang
on top of the rule find out with the
family just enjoying the view
oh you can handle I can't no shadow
system Lola Reba will Fabrice shot out
her best friend adieu me gang whenever
I'm walking around and seeing chairs
it gives me memories what kind of
memories gonna give me that you can't
hunt the Lord only adieu me gang who has
been on tour know what I'm talking about
I used to have this what is that
boom you feel better only a goomy gang
who has ever came to my tour knows what
I'm talking about with this chair
jumping thing as you guys know I'm a
monkey I used to have this set during my
show where I jump over people I'm not
even kidding I used to jump over people
the size of hands a toilet and every
single show and in one of the mop up
fell on her oh my god and I'm still
sorry
and ever since that day I retired should
I come back over time yeah huh yeah just
for today you think I can make this
dinner one I have been a hostage you're
crazy I'm the monkey
I'm divided I'm closing you're the what
oh my god he just called himself a
hippopotamus oh my god okay coming up
with time I'm doing this for you guys
but first let's see if Hilah and house
they can do this
are you saying yeah what would you sing
again boy basically yet oh hi guys I'm
gonna take my monkey tell it to hail it
I need her to move it on to the Addams
Family you think you got this come on
you could represent all the women the
Adams I like a woman in the family their
first jump over here jump up on the side
not an over it in the side of it okay
just to see if you could do it oh I
think you can almost do Island
the duma gank that was a fun crazy time
with The Addams Family his shadow
forever free kill it or not they
associate that was amazing so thumbs up
for Hannah seriously guys I give her
your own this lot
hide the own this vlog that's it to be
doing this at the 8th house 12 and like
her
Wow Anna Baba yeah thumbs up Friday
I mean happens ever had to play to k18
like this I'm gonna be the legendary
Celtics with Larry Bird and he's gonna
be warriors hi guys I'm gonna show you
guys how Washington picks up in jeans he
seriously loves to do me so much he only
comes to hammer this house to sleep over
to hang out with the doobies I say hi to
the camera
that love you do the yang you ready to
pick up what do me yes you fun dad let
me see your dad no that's not a dad best
ballet hey hey let me see that
hey sit down let me see that whenever I
go near this hamster like tries to bite
me but when I see you're like but it's
near like little kid especially him see
it loves them so easy doing to the
camera like him to say I do me the do me
I put it back slowly slowly slowly
hi guys so my man Faithie just released
an acoustic version of on my way and it
is amazing so me my family are gonna
watch the acoustic version right now and
they're gonna probably before mommy
little bit we're gonna make a little
acoustic appearance you ready yes the
day me and Faithie perform on my way
live
it'll be insane little you crazy watches
ready
Hey
Oh always when I talk but she never want
to listen
oh good game get away
now I'm looking for somebody
oh my god Rena speak she's gonna be
sleeping here it's only 8:00 p.m. and
she's already like that like Oh for real
book you're not sleeping you would just
leave I wanted to tell you bye
yeah bye let's see buddy okay do me yank
so I'm finally home and I need to talk
to you guys about something really
really important so in the past couple
of years there has been an issue of
people catfishing other people and
pretending to be me it happened around
three or four times and it's like people
who legit catfished other people get
them to meet up with them and it's kind
of crazy because these people believe
the freaking catfish I don't want anyone
out there getting catfished thinking
it's me but it's not me last year
someone sent me a message on facebook
telling me hey someone is pretending to
be you
I'll try to meet up with them and it
wasn't you and I had been up running
away I was seriously so creeped out and
that today I got an Instagram DM someone
was like hey is this you on tinder
because if it is we can meet up I was so
so confused but then I go on YouTube I
type in tinder Adam Sally and I see this
little kid catfishing a lot of my fans
and maybe a lot of other people who
don't even know who I am and they're
believing it look watch this I'm gonna
show you guys I call him yeah find what
the Hang long yo hacia if you believe
this if you how could this is I don't
know I like this what I could have find
a girlfriend for a long time so I said
why not try what
osya if you believe this good can we get
married are you
let's say yeah so do me gang and to the
rest of the world be careful
by getting catfish on tinder Facebook
anywhere in social media just know the
only social media I have is Instagram
Twitter snapchat and Facebook and
YouTube that's all I don't have no other
social media or anything other than that
I just feel like this can become a
serious issue and if someone meets up
there can be a little ten-year-old boy
right there or it can be a old Arab dad
smoking hookah like hey my name is Adam
Saleh
so yeah do me gang be smart don't let
people like that troll you or catfished
you it is not me other than that I'm
gonna be wrapping up the black here
thank you do me Hank for everything i'ma
see you guys tomorrow
if you guys enjoyed this video make sure
you give it a thumbs up take care and
peace and don't get catfished I love you
guys
yeah that's what they all say I'm about
to go missing taking out a gay got
myself in this position always got an
attitude never showing gratitude always
wanna talk but you never wanna listen oh
hey i'ma do my way
