let me see what you guys in New York hey
guys what's up at doing the gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day yeah I mean I'm
trying to sound Canadian I am here in
Mississauga the heart and the local of
Mississauga like this if I would ever
move to Canada
I'll be here Mississauga naivet around
I'll be in Mississauga I just love the
area I feel like it's beautiful
and I know superwoman lives here well
used to live here I would have stopped
here but mom I'm but a doobie gang this
is our last few hours here in Canada
what about the chill relax and I'm
heading back home as if the boys are
here Hogman the Canadian times man I
know it's only two three days I'm mommy
what cos and petrol we're leaving slim
estates that he's moving to Canada
yeah he says I come back to New York
City so yeah we're gonna have our last
meal together and then that's it we're
done all right guys we're about to have
a last meal here slip man oh why you
leaving man so sorry what we're gonna do
what else is done Oh huh so the air
flight broke I know but the thing is
like I can't have me here no sir I can't
have me he's staying here for like a
really long time and it's just like I
can't see I love you so much
oh that's a little bad partner to crowd
you but your mother half your mom you're
my boo you know I mean you you want my
crushes like you mind you know your wife
your material you bet not me hanging
with nobody is not don't be hanging on
nobody won't own that's my height okay
nobody my hair out your shit I know
cheated oh man I got funny laughter like
me okay I got sure I'm MC I'll be safe
well you know me I want that context no
one on - if I see what you bet me said
Susie I'll just stop with you - I don't
want to see you cheating on me I don't
want to meet ever like Jaden nanyem bum
today it's all stuff that about me I'm
sorry slaloms thought it was original
simon's originals slide up the light
yeah you want man you're my thug and you
it's true every crime we do being you
coming together man you don't know see
we do it together
be good a last few guys we got some food
right here look at this thank you
avianna Twitter Pakistan can't even
shout out to Afghanistan 2017 they're
taking pictures of food well it's a way
sauce Wow Wow oh boy
oh is it personally but why why don't
you hi guys we just got done eating you
ready know if we're in mississauga we
gotta go hit the arcade and get
competitive each other already you
always get so competitive over here okay
it's so competitive okay with w-w-w why
are you putting a triangle in your hand
are you the Illuminati no no no suppose
that was you that was you thought what
the heck our favorite on
okay we should go what do you want to
lose it first so we always in the blue
basketball so I say we do that later to
our basketball later play some games and
cheer up hi guys are about to have a
race on my car right now I got a dope
pink yellow car and I got the Justin
Bieber merch should also say to March
slim just murdered us man
he killed us he's crazy I was fond of
school this we're taking this a
basketball I think in another that's it
confirmed I'm taking the W hi guys we're
doing tournaments here it's gonna be
slim versus they keep new pool versus
what costs looks like Nikita's winning
slim lost by three points I told you I'm
bringing double use all right whoever
wins that will cost a nipple I'm gonna
play them and then Webber wins battling
leukemia I'm predicting few but here we
do knows I'm gonna win yeah we have
Pakistan vs. Pakistan
we're in fact energy from its llama bad
versus where's back from Kashmir Kashmir
versus this bottle that right now only
guy ever seen these backboard in the
game again maybe it's a smart idea
nipple is winning oh my god Islamabad
keep in a double overtime double oh
what's that oh my god yeah ah that's
good little one now I have to play
nipple so so far everyone has lost in
this basketball court here let me tap
shape take a dime
I'm a bot humble about it let's say that
I've been here a couple of times say the
games and I felt the ropes sure sure
anytime to eat after
Wow good I want to thank first off my
family you're taking me to Chuck E
Cheese for 20 years of my life this is
all I did for 20 years which I to wind
up something right
what should I get you what do you want
anything
let's go let's go swim Oh Oh No yes yes
yes I see this person so if you slow oh
I'm trying to get No
that's right on the have to cuff all
that what is it going what a move
I didn't wait of nothing but I got it my
heart
hi guys we're done with arcade now about
the head back it's in New York City was
a fun fun time Mississauga Toronto I
miss you guys and I love you guys and I
really really hope next time I can get
to perform here because I don't know
when is the next time I'm gonna be doing
a tour and tours are my favorite
favorite things every single time
because I get to meet you guys
I get to do new material with you guys I
get to have fun with you guys so you
guys something to keep aside we got to
have a crush on that building yo that
does have some curves man guys bringing
me to like glam to change the course are
you watch game shit you don't understand
that I'm a changed man like I'm not
gonna have no more crushes so unless his
wife you are you're shocked they're
scared or why you never know I was here
no I'm sorry I should have told you guys
October 1st oh you candle let's go
you gonna join me right come on say hi
guys this is our last moment me slim you
get to miss you so much I love you and
you're new I guess your new life amazing
advice I'm really bad at this
well I just want to say yeah I love you
man
I love you too boy says well she don't
don't cheat on me if you cheat I know
you can break your neck if you like Jeff
feels the memories we had together I'll
never forget you never never forget you
ups and downs we had announced
everything beginning where no one even
fucking look that no one even looked at
us of course no one even cared about it
no of course everyone gave a shit about
Adam and slim no one have nobody nobody
man I'm saying but I'll get that I'll
never forget that even though you know
like shit leave that bumpy roads and
stuff man you always been there my bond
rose and I always be never seen your
father's yeah guys slim man see you
right thank you I'll see you guys in New
York man I don't know what's the next
time I see him I see you guys take it
please
hey do me gang I just got back to New
York City my flight was delayed so I got
home so so late
I'm so sorry that this vlog was kind of
short but seriously you do me a really
hope these vlogs every single day can
make you guys smile can make you guys
forget about any stress you guys have
throughout the day or throughout the
year and can make you guys you know
forget about that leave it aside and
focus on you know being a different
world and be happy
be positive be smiling cause seriously I
make these vlogs every single day for
you guys to brighten up your days to put
a smile on your face and to at least to
try try to make you guys laugh and
entertain you guys while doing secret
projects while doing tours while doing
so much a million other stuff with my
family millions of my friends a million
other stuff with all the revising all
the editing with the movie with the book
but the all you can handle with the
album so much stuff but I still want to
upload every single day to make you guys
happy and to make you a smile I haven't
missed a day throughout this whole 2017
so I feel you know I feel good so far
inshallah I don't miss a day I don't
know if I'll do mrs. Daylon the underdog
would go crazy I'm do me Aang
if you guys made it to the end of life
only if you did only for listen
- this right now give this wire thumbs
up if you if you're not then I guess
you're not but if you are listening to
this if you're watching this til then
give this vlog a thumbs up I want to see
how many of you guys actually generally
do watch the vlogs till the end thank
you guys so much for your love and
support I really hope you guys all ready
for October 1st all you can handle but
the pre-order date is next so that's
what we're gonna count on next September
24th pre-order day be ready I'll see you
guys do me a take care and peace I like
killing more night here in the hallway
yeah that's what they all say
I'm about to go missing
