haven't really been happy moving my hand
like an Arab like that what if I go like
this angry I'm sorry because it keeps
messing her up
you can have that'll be on my back hey
guys what's up your dummy gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day it do me Dec we are
in Canada Canada hello Canada can you
hear me Drake I seriously do not even
know why I'm in Canada I'm so so excited
cuz I'm in an amazing city I'm with the
squad i'ma show you guys right now
yo yo yeah we uh I mean my brother your
name is uh uh uh Gonzales
that's themselves we are the homies slim
and what cost so it up was good with
earrings of those wait wait earrings huh
madam come on let me just see I want to
get a quick shot I meet paparazzi I mean
didn't you see it
Tommy from my phone case your phone is
lost yeah sorry what you guys doing
right now looking for this phone man are
you serious we got the one and only
nipple I mean concept from Toronto
Canada mummy I don't know good yeah I
got serious wow man skuas phone hi guys
so today's MINI CHALLENGE as usual every
single day I'm I'ma be doing a mini
challenge it's defined Slim's phone so
let's try to find this phone whoa ha ha
this is a mini prank my guys won't mess
with what did you guys find it come on
we need to go
I pulled it too many times I love it do
you find your phone did you find your
phone what are you doing what the hell
he's making all you guys he's making all
you guys look for his phone but he's in
the bathroom taking numbered what that
only in a sick sick sick sick
guys you did this to me exactly last
year watch this let me get it back car
mama get it back
you can tie up well what oh my god smell
oh my
it smells so good go in there oh my god
this was like spired subbu scent man hi
guys 20 minutes later this summer saying
he's gonna go downstairs and check to
the lobby the guy in the front desk if
you dropped this phone or something so
yummy trying to help well I was looking
you never check out if you want to look
sick it's annoying well ladies I hate my
phone I'm not helping says the one who
wants to go take a poop while everyone
is looking for it yeah that's sweet from
your phone find this phone what was it
wasn't me no they're about to spill over
but you got a nice in America they would
have stole over thank you sorry brother
we're going to eating Center
called Eden it's called but you didn't
Center he is wait what is the 81 you
can't go to Canada
huh with my staff
he's always third really me and slim oh
you got three yeah 3xk
what's that help me bro by the way guys
is this first time ever in Canada I need
about to try the icecap freedom you know
what what the heck
but this is gonna be a meme everywhere
how was it it's amazing
Wow right good my god so good you were
here last year I was here with Miss
Nazareth really so what's my name
no it's not everyone always has that
look like that guy man air five women
air box so huge a dancer Ishita last
year I came she was here and I'm getting
another one every day no it's on the
square whenever you hear those gotta get
your Henneman you know New York City
they never allow anyone you come to New
York really good business haven't really
been happy moving my hand like an Arab
like that so what if I go like this the
keeps messing her up try this amazing
yeah I think it's people much more nicer
here than American in New York like in
New York a lot of a lot of people like
food for knowing I work in New York from
mom do you like it I like more than like
you've got to be tough
what I mean is you've got to be tough I
like that line you like that
okay thank you so much laughing hey how
long you staying in Toronto
hi guys we're here eating and I'm here
with Sameer right Samira we randomly
bump into she was in New York last week
and then she gets she's the one who gave
the gift for Rima was a sweater right so
huge shout-out to Samira I'm sorry to
have to stare I'm scared they were
eating right here look eating finish
eating eat oh he didn't being good yeah
what's that man again how you doing bro
we want to give a shout out to let's see
that see messed up my henna we're having
to talk because I was telling her that I
love meeting and talking and having
combos with real bands like real genuine
real fans like she treats me she
comments on my Instagram pictures she
shows so much love so she deserves like
my attention as I was saying like people
in the street were like the following me
like take pictures I know him like I
know him like what people are like big
fans both there she's a writer that I do
me so she shut up thank you so much
and we lost uh nothing we're back at our
place I finally found these dudes they
always run away from me but the rider
that severe she told me that her phone
was dead which it was that I was to send
her a picture but she ended up being a
savage and posting a picture on my snap
and saying that's my wife my mom called
me right away and my mom doesn't even
have snapchat but it's all go Sameera I
love you so much you're a real writer
that I appreciate you by the way I got
my henna done look at this swag
that's what a but let me talk to you
guys about something real so yes
whenever I'm outside like at the mall or
hanging out going out to eat I meet a
lot of you guys like a lot a lot of you
guys but I know when someone is like a
real ride-or-die you do me and not
someone like a fake fan ah guys talking
about I guess every single time I see
this kid Ramon it's like in a different
car every single day knows as I was
saying like today like this there will
be a lot of people around us like
following us but some of them aren't
even like real fans but you're gonna
smile or not yes I'm really gonna smile
okay so you got like some people I'll be
like I'll be here about like doing here
something of the like
you mean like I've been talking about
chat like the real fans they know that I
make it album the real fans do you know
that I have you know then over the song
names of my songs so the real fans they
got to listen to way night so they were
listening to wait like I was just like
point unlike when I'm not someone like a
fake failing I mean I do like give them
attention on like hey cuz I'm it's hard
for me to be me you can get even you can
take a piece but I want us a real friend
I got to give you guys my all attention
my everything so I love you guys
I appreciate you guys and he is Pete oh
my god he'll my real talk I love you
guys I hope you guys understand what I'm
saying between me if you do love you
rules and dumaguete it's time to wrap up
this vlog but before I wrap this vlog
I'll show you guys the trailer of all
you can handle but I just want you guys
to know that they're real and the most
important days it's September 24 because
you can pre-order or you can handle and
then October 1st is the day it's out you
can listen to it and watch it on YouTube
those are the dates we're looking
forward to right now but right now is
just the trailer just snow it's just a
mini whatever trailer the main main days
that I want you guys to focus on
time of 24 so you guys can have it with
you guys and then I told first you guys
can see it spread it and that's the day
but do me gang is gonna break the
Internet but here is the little trailer
right here
dumi gang that was it that was a trailer
don't worry time flies time goes by
really really fast so October 1st is
going to be here it's right around the
corner September 24th you're gonna
preorder it thank you guys so much for
relevant support give this black thumb
is up if you enjoyed it I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care peace
guillain-barr√© night here in the
hallway cry yeah that's what they all
say I'm about to go missing thinking how
to get got myself in this position
