well what are you doing come on fuck can
that aside what are you doing to me gank
one of you guys gave me this hat right
here captain adou me I'm at the address
on right Alistair booster one eternity
later
we're gonna start of today's video with
the mini challenge as usual you guys
ready to know what it is two hours later
I feel like any question I give them
that you guys are so weird right now I
know where to get it from for me I feel
like any question I give them the answer
it in a really really long answer like I
can be like how are you doing it like a
few moments later what all you want
attention you do you do you want
attention
dealing less than one attention so give
them a comment below okay okay you know
me to be hard but I swear my family's
weird man what the hell is going on what
the heck is going on there mommy's in
the kitchen I'm gonna bring her out come
on come beat up the kids
hi guys today's mini challenge is gonna
be the try not to laugh challenge with
water so the challenge is gonna be
between Rima and Gemma
they're gonna have the water in their
mouths me Vienna and Lawson we're gonna
try to make them laugh whichever one of
them laughs first and spits out the
order they lose make the laughs this
thing
hi guys are putting in the word right
now all right now it's gonna be Rima are
you guys ready
yes it starts now hey guys at one point
all right guys round Hey
what does it matter like a hamster me
like a do me his face for from laughing
too serious oh okay
hey guys you guys want to see most
another girl you swallowed water I wiII
my lost my god I announced you guys the
roastmaster Japan
Rima got disqualified she swallowed the
water but it was a fun game rebo's a fun
game don't be sad we might jump man oh
my god what is this do me I'll see you
guys do me gang I'm at the home agent
man aka the roast master Rima is mad at
me right now because she lost the
challenge like it's not lawful she lost
the challenge so she's really mad at me
right now stew meeja mad we came up with
this idea to prank her by pretending we
ripped her homework or you can help me
also where's he district Gimenez forever
gonna stay he's coming is coming is
coming
how many more days two and a half
reading it and they go fine you gotta
make a fire man I see Jim atmosphere I'm
gonna go easy on you guys let's thank
you fine okay that's cool okay alright
so this is what we're gonna do Reba's
doing her homework right now I'm gonna
go there and set the camera Jamar let me
give you this so you can pretend it's
their homework I'm gonna distract Rima
and bring her so I can talk to her you
switch the homework and you say Rima
look and you rip it up okay
yes get mom ahead roastmaster Japan is
here and Boston who's been born
attention one attention here come good
essentially say hi I want attention he
only wants me to give him attention no
one else just him use bathroom all right
Jim Ann's gonna go use the bathroom
where you gonna take a poop yeah I'll
see you guys and the next shut hi guys
I'm back here with Deena who's eating
chips Moses why you holding my boxes
look at this dude is holding my boxers
I'm also with Rima who's doing a
homework right there and she's also mad
at me because she lost the challenge
Reem are you mad at me yeah
why come come come she didn't let you
guys know why she's mad at me okay all
right come all right so can you tell
them why you're mad at me you wanted to
try it one more chance what do you want
my chance with what huh with with the
water challenge yes changing an action
yeah but you swallowed the water you're
not supposed to like swallow the water
and stuff you know that right no I let's
play this game let's do the the
Knoblauch in contest okay
no no blinky concepts I yeah what did
what a me with your homework well what
he's doing come on spot you matter Stan
what are you doing huh huh make socks
why are you being a homework on me what
did I do
Reba well glue it back together what is
it he ripped the homework just don't
move at all I I got you the way
don't move better don't move don't move
I'm put the pillows up here
Baban but like I saw okay what are you
gonna put any money he's not here man
praise ye hey ain't nobody get mad
where is he I'm just I'm just a
filmmaker that's it look rimas picking
up your home stop all right honestly
match okay
I'm rustling nice yes guys I'm here
hosting the armwrestling match of Rima
and Jim and their beef in it so uh I
think we're gonna handle it oh my god oh
it's good who do you guys think is gonna
win is it gonna be Rima or is it gonna
be German
Muhsin as we all know you're rhemas
brother who's gonna win this
armwrestling match would let be Rima or
Ali be German let's ask Deena over here
Deena as we all know your gym as sister
can you tell us who's gonna win the are
muscling match River
oh and it looks like the girl is
choosing the girl and the boy is
choosing the boy let's see how it goes
right now are you guys ready
hi guys on the count of three are you
guys ready yes
one two three go oh here it goes
looks like Oh looks like Gimenez losing
what Oh pretty much what that I'm
surprised about the country one two
three yo this is unbelievable move OMG
she's representing all the women out
there who people look down on Rima damn
underestimated oh I'm so sorry
Rima best man
Courtney yeah Courtney have fun Rima
loves her best friends over I maybe I'll
see her when I pick you up from school
gym at man give me a hug bro
okay demand it's just another day that a
family man we must remind you good yo
this is like the switch-up prank I want
from him prank and Rima to Rima bidding
even our muscle get mad good Jamaat if
it makes you feel any better when I was
younger I was the same way I was I would
whenever I lose I would lose to so many
like I'll lose to like girls what the
game Simon Says so if that makes me feel
any better I was the same exactly Robin
damn now he's gonna roast Reema you hope
him with Duma gang - Reema man this
dude's gonna work this dude's gonna
roast the world man man my family is
crazy man but I love them so much man
and my family all right guys I'm outside
taking a walk with Jamal over here your
man look I want you to know that like in
life you're not gonna win everything in
life like especially your younger like
me like I used to lose a lot and I would
cry but then I would make that you know
make me stronger and make me come back
up you know to win and just take over
you know what I'm saying
if you lose it doesn't matter man it's
about to end of the world sometimes you
win sometimes you lose it's all good in
the hood
even if it's to a girl it's okay we're
gonna go get a haircut right now cuz
your man needs that fresh cut you know
I'm saying he wants to look fresh ready
let's see before and after come
before adieu me gank we're back home I'm
so sorry my camera battery died but this
is Jim as he decided to get huh
you don't care well we care about our
cuts my man Jim as finally got a
hairline now and I also got pizza for
the family nothing like some New York
City a do me gang I am stuck here
babysitting the kids so I'm gonna be
chillin with them having a little
slumber party my family's at a wedding
right now the reason why they didn't go
to the wedding is because my family
doesn't really like taking them because
the whole wedding ends up being crashed
by these people right here gonna do me
yank I'm so full from the pizza and I'm
so so tired but I want to tell you guys
about eddo birdie a huge shout out to Ed
Oh Bertie calm you guys know only work
with the best sponsors that I really
like as you guys know everyone is
starting school so if you guys need help
Eider Bertie is the best place to go it
is a professional essay writing service
100% plagiarism free you can choose your
own writer from thousands of writers
based on what's best for your work and
you don't have to worry about your essay
being late your essay will be delivered
on time with the highest quality and if
you don't like you or if you need some
changes you can send it to them they'll
give it back to you they'll revise it
and send it back to you ASAP so if any
of you guys are having trouble if you
guys do not even have time make sure you
guys go to eddie Bertie comm the link is
down below and get your professional
essay done other than that do me yeah
I'm gonna be wrapping up the vlog I hope
you all enjoyed this vlog if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey adieu me yang I'm going to
Toronto tomorrow slim is the one who
convinced me to go so I'm gonna go for a
couple days so I don't mind going to
Toronto because I love Toronto so so
much that's one of my favorite cities so
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care do me a purse I like killing
more not here in the hallway
I fancy you cry yeah that's what they
all say I'm about to go
