can i huh get out her whole tooth is
bleeding an old face my whole face she
mustn't notices us who is it who Rima I
stay like that we will double right
let's see if you notice yet hey hey hey
hey hey what's up a doobie gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because to
me gang I hope you guys were smiling
today I hope you guys are positive today
and if anyone didn't tell you guys this
today I love you guys and you're
beautiful
but once again me Andrea are gonna start
off the video with the mini challenge
and I think I should start off the
videos every single day from now on with
a little mini challenge it goes like
this
rimas gonna get a cookie here you go I'm
gonna get a cookie we're both gonna put
it on our foreheads and lead our head
back and without using our hands Bobby
eats at first they win ready set go
I Wow I know touch it don't touch it
okay I'm going to get it don't touch it
I gotta look you got a son love it it's
coming it's gone
oh my god oh come on come on come on
almost slowly slow slow slow slow me
believe this
keep going you got this is going keep
going to either do me gang if you guys
want more mini challenges to give this
video a thumbs up Miriam are about to go
outside to the park and we're gonna come
back and create some chaos
high-five dad well do me gang we'll see
you guys outside pretty much tell them
we're gonna see them in the next shot it
to me gang before we go out I have to
wake up Mawson he took a really long nap
and my parents are like he needs to wake
up or else he's gonna stay up out all
night and I feel so bad I hate doing
this but Boston mall said you wanna go
to the park yeah you want to go to the
park
come on mustn't go to the park like this
look at me
you want to go to the park huh he got a
smile on his face was it are you
dreaming
I think he's dreaming yeah I'm dying
yo he's legit dreaming man that's the
cutest thing ever mine he's still
dreaming right now and he's smiling
talking about the park look at him
that's Remo
come on you want to go out hi guys we
just went outside looking Austin right
here look at his hairstyle this is what
happens when our mother fixes his hair I
have to take them out to the park so
Central Park is right here so we're
gonna go play in the park for a bit look
at this swing right here this is like a
freaking roller coaster let me see if
Austin is gonna go on I'm a little baby
man I wish my hair was arms so I can
like
kaki
you ready let's go why you're such a
punk everything is kind of wet because
it was just raining but I love it like
this because not much kids are around
and when there's a lot of kids there's a
lot of fans of Rheem on Knutson and they
keep going crazy for them just like how
he's looking for me right now here I
look cute uh-huh this kids are so cute
hi he looks like say he's so cute but he
doesn't I say
Freemont why you why'd you go down to
West slide see see this kid a smart man
he goes after Rima Boston yeah buddy
okay what do you do it lets go say up
and it's like that little kids the
savage look we just found the stroller
oh the mom was just there like not doing
nothing uh-huh you know what I love the
kids right now are all playing like they
don't know nothing between race religion
color and stuff and it's so cute and so
peaceful and they're so innocent so you
always got to raise the kids in this
generation to be peaceful and teach them
to love one another and to be kind with
one another it's always spread love and
spread peace hi guys they just left the
park the hardest thing ever is getting
the kids outside the park now we're
gonna give them some New York City hot
dogs right here what he goes a pretzel
or a pencil
hold your big pretzel is bigger than you
man this thing is bigger than his then
hang around all these pretzels are huge
do me gang we're back home after a long
one - to our park play I feel like a
freaking dad cuz everyone at the park
was a mother who had their children and
everyone will look at me like oh my god
you're you're such a great father and
I'll just be looking at them like what
back unless just like a cute mother I'm
just like hey what's up I'm gonna be
single forever yes why wait and let's
say take you mother than you know like
he's saying knock knock what's up man
who is it yeah we can let my dad come in
because we're gonna do something on him
like Mike Tyson missing a tooth all
right do me yank so this is what we're
gonna do and Rima came up with this idea
because she was trying to do this
revenge prank on me which kind of failed
earlier today outside Remos trying to
pretend that her tooth broke and you
already know I'm on prank Abul so I'm
like Rima stop trying to get your
revenge prank so that I thought it would
be cool if me Rima and Muhsin
prank my dad and pretend that Remos
who's broke because she fell or somehow
so this is what we're gonna do we use
this as a fake tooth also got red marker
that we're gonna put around their face
so it's going like blood and I'm get
about some red marker all over my hand
to see it look to make it look like
blood is on my hand I see how this like
this like that and just I don't know see
this is like blood
I'm better than your doing makeup I'm
better than you do makeup no you're not
to do the I like you even though I had
to do anything you're six I'm better
than you and makeup the car wheel I'm
not to do bathroom looks like that eight
people like a vampire like this hi guys
I got the fake tooth right here we're
gonna call no my dad because it's my mom
was outside I are you ready yeah ready
knuckle-touch I understood come here
stay here my dad should be in the living
room
I don't know so scared to do this
alright alright guys you guys ready I'm
gonna have to like scream kinda loud and
bang kind of hard you're gonna have to
be like oh my god okay ready ready ready
set go okay
we buddy okay huh are you my name is Ian
tooth let me do tooth oh my god oh my
god you take it off is broken broken huh
okay we love Simon hey tooth huh
bring me to this again can I get our
whole tooth is bleeding in all face boy
Hafiz yeah
oh okay to sanity let me see let me see
well that always cracks me up guys if
you guys enjoyed it make sure you get a
thumbs up thumbs up pleat them up see
thumbs up
she's gonna take off my braids because
I've came to a decision to remove this
hairstyle and probably change it in
another couple days or so so do be hey
I'm gonna show you guys how I remove
these braids right now not the ribbons
you take off the rubber band the rubber
take up the band first and then you
Andre who talked to you like that huh
even since damn this girl's a savage man
did he take off her back harder than it
looks
oh my god the things I've never done
this and this is how you remove it look
now we have a whole long way to go for
the rest I so Reema's gonna be taking us
out and the do me a once I'm done I'll
see you guys in the next shop so freakin
hours later oh if I had blood on me
about two hours later and I'm still
taking off the braids in my hair it's
taking so so long huge shout out to Rima
for helping me out but I'm still in the
process right now but before we go to
bed this the other day
Mawson dressed up as a girl I feel like
Rima she needs to dress up as a board
before we end the vlog she I don't know
my friend Courtney cuz you know my
caterpillar what's your name Courtney
Courtney shoutouts a corny what's up
Courtney how you doing is that your best
friend or your friend that's your best
best friend yeah and she end up this
Aurora
tomorrow on hi Courtney thank you for
being nice Rema Rema they don't and he
said he doesn't like me he think hey
soos what would you tell Remo that you
don't like her he told you that he
doesn't like you you wanna know what
that means though like prune when
someone says when someone who's six and
says they don't like someone that means
they like that they actually that means
that it's the actual opposite that means
he likes you so hey soos Alya
alright guys Reema's gonna put on
Mawson's clothes right now on top of her
clothes it's kind of small but uh it's
all gonna work out let's see how it goes
we're gonna have to give her a boy name
like Mauston we gave him
we gave Moss and Lena for Remo we're
gonna give her
I think rimas name should be a mere
because Riva backwards is Amir so I'm
here I'm a layer put on one of my hats
and then Reema is gonna be officially oh
I mean a mere sorry
hi guys we have a mirror right wow she
looks a lot like she looks like muslin
in like three years
I'm not even joking don't say like this
look straight look straight
alright guys I want you guys to snapshot
this and in three years from now I'm
gonna let moss and we're the same exact
outfit and we're gonna see if they look
exactly like so posed Rima she looks so
much like busted the best person I'm
gonna let me more dressed like this in
disguise during tour so no no no who she
is like a boy you know walk on like a
boy listen yeah see muscle notices you
watch who is it who Rima I stare like
the real dumb away don't let see if you
notice it yet though nice
who's that that's not rebus Amir yes it
is look he's a boy huh sister notice a
boy as a Bresee brother that's a bigger
brother CICU bigger brother now that's
your brother wow they look like twins
Michelle oh wow we will explode we must
fly boy with it yeah this is so funny
it's like Boston is playing with his
teacher self right brotherly fights and
stuff I'm dying
yo yo it's so crazy how much it looks
like a do me ank thank you guys so much
for watching thank you guys so much for
your support
oh you can handle October 1st September
17 is coming up so the trailer so be
ready let me see you guys tomorrow
take care yes what they all say I'm
about to go missing thinking how to get
got myself in this position always got
an attitude never showing gratitude
always wanna talk but you never wanna
listen oh hey
