magic baby come up in the back of my
spaceship go you BAM Adebayo dangerous
just like it's like the famous topic
around like a famous topic around back
favor can you do it hey guys what's up a
doobie gang I hope you're all having an
amazing day because we're having an
amazing day so we're having an amazing
day
you all should be having an amazing
happy
one eternity later a duma gang i have so
much stuff to do because tomorrow I'm
traveling somewhere I'm not gonna let
you guys know yeah maybe some of you
guys already know but I will let you
guys know in the vlog I have to go get a
haircut first I have to go buy a new
camera because I want to use a smaller
camera when I go to this location to
this country in that location I have to
pack and get ready I have to fix up my
taxes once again there's so much stuff
to do it my day just started right now
pretty much just got back from school
today she's gonna show you guys that she
is the true champion you all ready mom
yes if you guys do not know I started
boxing when I was 11 years old Rima just
started boxing and she found her love at
the age of what how thee you're not in
love no talk about boxing not a boy do
you love boxing yeah that's what I said
I'm gonna say you're in love with like
damn girl who are you in love with
nobody why you denying it to me out of
nowhere when I did it say nothing huh I
don't know oh okay I'm just joking how
she's gonna tell me I don't know I'm not
I said your love of boxing do you like
boxing
yeah okay Rima has been boxing for like
two weeks now and she seriously loves it
so so much do you have fun with it you
do she has fun so much whether this is
how I started man well actually I
started because I used to get bullied
but at the same time Remo just speaking
about her getting bullied and now she
keeps like boxing himself for the past
two weeks and she's becoming really
really good like I want you guys to
understand how good she is for the age
of six that's what I'm trying to ask you
how old are you how do you thanks you
are six and a half show me in Africa
we're gonna save it when the gloves and
everything get later I've been training
here for a while URI was gonna become a
chant man I'm a trainer so good after I
get all my errands done I will show you
guys how much of a champ she is and I
want you guys to give her a nickname a
boxing nickname you know how I have kick
boxing boxers
no lean box no please don't let them
decide for you your fix/enhance let them
decide
six and a half okay say sort of okay six
and a half okay sounds good six a nap oh
we have Austin over here staring at us
right behind the camera he just came
down right now from a nap or something
did you get a haircut let me see how are
you Muslim yeah
why aren't you speaking Oh mustard roll
going out we're gonna see you later okay
me and Reimer going on this we are yeah
look how crazy he becomes when I joke
with him and say me and Reid are going I
mean are we gonna go outside all right
okay every mile let's go LM really
giving okay yeah but before inviting
youto no but me and Rima going out
you're too small no you're not you're
the baby you're still a baby Martin I'm
just talking to do me I have to go get
some errands done and after that I'm
gonna be back and I'll see you guys in
the next shot it's about to get wild
Reema got the Hantz girl I'll see you
guys in the next job do me gang I
finally got home I did all my errands it
took me like four hours to do everything
but I'm glad I'm finally back the homies
say F is here say a Freeman Watson I'm
gonna give them a big big workout today
trainer Adam is in the building
also my older sister gave me this shirt
right here thank you so much man who has
a sister that gives you shirts like this
I don't know if you do but I do so huge
shout-outs you love you so so so much
you know who you are
all my sisters all of you guys so much I
love all my sisters and my brothers but
you have to do me yank today is gonna be
a wild wild workout I've been training
with Remo so I really want you guys to
focus on mean rima you know with the
pads and her using your hands and her
working out I told them to go put on
workout clothes so let's see what they
got on guys hey how are you yeah
most it I said workout clothes not not
be naked Rima you got your workout
clothes on you ready to workout
ready say yeah you ready to workout -
yeah all right guys I need everyone to
get sawal right now Barney back against
the wall against the wall no noise no
nothin cuz trainer Adam is here you guys
ready look at me
are you guys ready for the Adams
training camp
hi guys today this is the Adams training
camp you guys will be giving a nickname
to RIA months I like today also to say
Uppsala this is his first day must as
frenzy also Rima has been training for a
while now we may want to show them a
little bit something yes
we're gonna have Rima go first and you
guys are gonna watch okay Rima you ready
yeah all right what your gloves are you
important the UFC gloves are these
gloves guys before we get this ready
how would you ask the thumbs up read my
thumbs up and say a thumbs up from
Austin for training hard all the kids
out there makes you guys always work out
those are no drama and the Adams family
there's always drama out of nowhere
Reba just shush and let your action do
the talking right don't be like ksi
where you talk a lot of crap all right
all right
lucky you guys let's go dance ready yeah
yeah what - what do we do good go fast
want to Jack yeah one two all right one
two boom and then - okay hey oh he's up
jack
one two one two one two
one step back we must head attack always
being round always move around always
move run out of the way come on whenever
I go this way you go that way I'll go
this way you go okay yeah one two
- when you do this poetry man you're
like a little bit just like this yeah
yes just like that okay yeah Reema how
does it feel working out so far
um do you feel like you've changed from
the past two weeks
you did what do you like doing Oh who's
your favorite boxer what okay girl
let's go let's go push-ups good job my
sense let's go Mawson keep going keep
going let's go keep going one two three
four five six keep going
move the gloves remove the gloves good
job stay up
good job safe keep going guys yes keep
training yes keep going don't look at me
just keep doing the push-ups all right
okay okay everyone stand up stand up
stand up stand up
jumping jacks ready one two three six
seven keep going keep going don't stop
hey hey hey keep going come on do
jumping jacks right hi guys mustn is
gonna go for the first time do not
forget to leave a comment below of what
nickname we should give Reema I don't
know what yet because so hard to give
the nicknames like I don't know girl
don't don't get any of her little
nicknames that she's saying because it's
gonna end up being like llama or she-go
let's go both hands up both hands up
cause here and this one goes there
oh here look at this in the booth ready
has a pretty good powerful punch though
I was ready to go for 300 come on this
hand goes here oh yeah yes go faster
come on keep going like this keep going
you know what jump down give me fifty
you're not doing the right drop down
give you fifty fifty push-ups why not 50
pushups 50 pushups come on keep going
keep going don't look at me while you're
doing it
don't look at me bro let's go I got
three moans gonna hit the low speed bag
why are you ready go let's go be mad
don't stop don't stop quick in swap the
end step back step back move around move
around here move around let's go yeah
let's go Rima woo use the jab
yeah usage on hands up keep your hands
up keep your hands up move around it
move around keep going around yes keep
moving around keep moving around
let's go Remo yeah hands up hands up
hands up both hands up you always got to
keep them hands up hands up
yeah keep going let's go Remo yeah cool
Oh keep going on okay keep going
oh all right guys the Adams training
camp is just a little preview of what
you guys are about to see for the next
few months I might train the kids I want
to make them box I want to make them you
know stay fit say I didn't want to do
any boxing but he said he's gonna show
you guys some cool cool trick so I
haven't even seen these tricks so I'm
ready to see it what is it what kind of
trick is it for what kind of tray a
okay okay you get me dizzy now
oh hey what do you bring dad's enough
are you break dancing hey do me gang I'm
so so sorry the vlogs are short I have
so much stuff going on tomorrow I'm
leaving to a place I will let you guys
know in tomorrow's vlog because there's
a lot to speak about it I have so many
rules that I need to follow so I can you
know get there and be good and I'll let
you guys know the rules that I need to
follow in another vlog but for now I'm
gonna open up a something in the peel
box thank you guys for always sending in
some stuff we have the scenic in are you
guys a lot to eat chocolate yeah
good I say you're a lot of chocolate
yeah I'm just talking you asking me this
week is this is from helps up pops uh
thank you so much hops let's open this
up and see what it is this is oh and
there's more candy Covenant this cars
Muslim you happy with the cards you know
open it don't throw it on the floor cut
the garbage bro do me young I'm gonna
slowly put more and more stuff here my
office once I get to PC is he gonna look
so so dope into me gang once again I am
so so sorry that the blogs are short
there's something really really
important going on I am traveling
tomorrow so stay tuned and do me again
seriously thank you guys so much for I
love the support thank you so every
single one you guys will always give the
vlogs and thumbs up who always goes
terrible
always leaves a comment below if you
guys can help me do Rima and nickname
maybe I'm thinking about a Rima flash
like a flash like she's fast and stuff
like that because she's swimming or Rima
Swift I don't know something like give
her a nickname in the comments below
other than that I have to wrap up the
blog here I have so much stuff going on
I'm so sorry I keep telling you guys but
it's so much stuff because I'm going to
London first for like literally two
hours and then I'm going to the location
that I'm going to so it's like so much
stuff going on and I'm gonna give you
guys something then instead of giving
you guys nothing so I hope you guys
understand I'm gonna wrap up the flag
here I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace I like I like you do not
forget get your tickets your world tour
tickets
Oh that'll meets tour tickets
right here see you guys tomorrow
