okay all right I know it sounds weird
and stuff but what if I give you guys
$100,000 to drop out of school because
so we're having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy hey do
me gang I got my spider out and I got my
bandana
I haven't wore a bandana for so so long
and I missed the bandana so much by my
mom she took every single bandana of
mine and she uses it as her phone
bluetooth as I showed you guys a couple
days ago but it's all good in the hood
because I'm gonna be making a dummy gang
bandanas once I move out what why are
you telling me what to do I'm yeah I but
I can still see right all right guys
Rima wanted to do a mini challenge with
me you want to tell them what challenge
is it what contest the staring contest I
haven't done a staring contest for so
long so we do me gang I want you guys to
play with me and Rima right now all
right guys we keep blinking right now so
we could save our blinking energy and
stuff I want you guys to play with me
okay you guys ready are even when I say
go you open okay all right one two three
go maybe I should cut my hair because
it's hurting my eyes but the staring
contest open your eyes once I say go
okay so close your eyes one two three go
I haven't blinked oh stop stop stop
I haven't blinked I have a plate for you
happily oh my god oh my god I'm doing
good I'm doing good no she did it you
cheated she cheated that's there you
cheated do me ganc let me know in the
comments below if you guys want or lost
be honest Brian now we're about to go
surprise Hamza and Hayley so we're gonna
head out right now Marcin Rhema by the
way look at me and Watson look at this
we're kind of matching but it looks kind
of you know it's kind of dope you know
hey
hi guys let me see you guys in the next
shop all right guys we're outside about
two hats hams inhalers house and let go
of austin always does he always wants me
to carry him cuz he's a spoiled brat but
I'm a-tellin to walk watch no listen
look at it you got to walk okay
busting in a walk okay yes let me give
me give me
how to make him walk come on man I'm
surprised he's actually walking all
right do me gang so this is what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna go to the bank I'm
gonna take out cash and Noble won't be
for the house only for any business
meetings that I have it's to mess around
with hamsa or to do like a little
experiment I guess we have the cash
robot no surprise hands inhaler and I
ready
we always Surprise them and only time
they know we're coming is v the only
time they know we're coming is if they
see us in the camera no part is going on
what do you have no shirt on chillin yep
like it yeah all right guys I mean it
happens that put on his shirt and hey it
is here I had to say what up look at his
shirt let me see your shirt when do you
guys gave me this shirt since it do me
hanging all day every day I do me get
about to go up to the roof and play some
soccer because today I tweet it out then
I want to go to a soccer game when I'm
in the UK in a couple weeks and I don't
know which match I should go to I don't
know if I should go to a Liverpool game
because Naz loves Liverpool but the
thing is I burnt like a Liverpool Jersey
and a lot of you guys have been telling
me to go to a Manchester United or
Arsenal Chelsea so hopefully when I go
to the UK I get to go to a soccer game
well for now I need to practice a little
bit at the roof right now we're gonna
practice soccer we're gonna play a
little bit and have some fun you guys
ready
let's go hi guys we made it to the roof
I know like the top two sports that I
play is basketball and boxing but I need
to get my my soccer my football game up
if I'm going to like you know a football
game in the UK so you guys gonna watch
me practice and watch me bust some butt
hey I was voted that oh my god stop hi
guys let me show you guys what I got
I want to learn how to like pick up the
ball like this and then go like this oh
my god
Oh what you saying yeah what you saying
UK I'm gonna be going so crazy football
game don't know which game yet but
leaving the comments below what's the
best game to go to
guys the goal my son's doing what are
you doing tanning acceptable even rhemas
do what the heck you guys doing what are
you doing
hi guys that was a good 20 30 minute
workout with the soccer I'm gonna go
downstairs we're gonna get handsy what
are you doing man what are you doing huh
why you're holding on to my leg huh
let go of my leg Muhsin let go look at
this dude I'm walking yeah look at this
Boston get up below you like it
guys I need to get the guy off i'ma see
you guys and the next shot be ready
what is that oh it's like really sorry
wait a second oh no hello
and you talked you guys know something
both you guys look cuz I'm sorry close
it break this down and you talk to you
guys about something really really
important you got want to drop out of
school
no give me no time you know okay all
right I know it sounds weird and stuff
but what if I give you guys $100,000 to
drop out of school
ya know why because the school get your
education as a teacher what the teachers
deceptive over after every summit
everybody forgets it he has a point like
teachers they do teach because he he to
the line he put you know okay how about
this i'ma tell you guys right this is
between us okay
the kids are on pinky promise you now
use anyone you - I pinkie pass from unit
United son on okay all right so I want
you if your sit down you said you said
yes but if you're down I'll give you
$100,000 and you get say you know come
with me
just chill go on tour or stuff like that
have all cash so have it are you down to
drop out or no sounds fun right no
sounds fun - no no how about no yeah no
you can't - gonzo you eat down oh yes I
monster see ya find out are you stupid
I'm gonna build up after just Bible
company from two thousand dollars and I
see like I say I might even know by a
company and you can see only double what
you're gonna be making is gonna be 21
not knowing what's 5 times 5 25 now you
know it I hate it so you wanna do it you
don't do any talking point time's up
look you down to do it you have to be
committed
yeah so you down to get the hundred
thousand loves yeah so what's the school
like ask me what were you wearing
say Miami senior in Yemen yeah and what
do you do they come to the house you
know hiding room yeah all right so I'm
gonna give you this as its deposit to
have it in your pocket okay okay
why are you give me yourself can I burn
in the video yeah yeah I hold this yeah
see look okay would you give up the
money
hey look I know you don't know where you
got it so you can Philly you're
officially gonna be dropped out yeah
yeah so I'm doing it get the money back
yeah
put the money right put the money in
fight so you a hundred sit down and drop
out yeah you're gonna drop out yeah sure
yeah so what you're gonna do is like
yourself compare that piece of video
video what if it was a little bit of you
reverse it didn't because that you
already know it in school yes they do
the same thing but you forget he's a
dummy can I have one hundred thousand
dollars on and as long as long as he
knows like you know his ABCs and one two
threes right no no no so what are you
doing is smarter gonna do it and if I do
if I do it don't get nothing I'll go
back to school
yeah and I'm a laughing that told you
you've got to go don't you don't drop
yeah I can burn this in video yeah sure
yeah you have lighters of them
yeah okay you sold me the drops out of
weight
I'd only has to be joking and I know why
did you do it
ha ha ha chubby would actually do that
now would it I'm not you just say that
to do that to Miller that's two men roll
you told me something my hair out of the
hair stop there yeah I'll still say hey
learn a lot there you go so the theme of
this everything that I visited right now
pretty much don't be like hums that'd be
like had it not stay in school and don't
yes a school get your education is that
what you want to be yeah and if I live
right you're gonna play in American
football yeah that's good but you still
you do you know that you still need your
education right yeah I wonder the same
damn thing yeah but still you need an
education me always get smarter than him
how's this my dude literally almost
dropped out he's telling me to burn his
bookbag and burn his homework and do a
gag sir see guys all jokes aside I want
you guys to stay in school don't ever
drop out don't ever drop out of school
make sure you guys get your education
education is like the number-one
priority I've been to India where kids
are like begging to get educate
and here in a country like America
people you know they get education free
education and it's it's amazing so make
sure you guys always get your education
stay in school and stay away from drugs
is that right Highness yeah don't come
here saying yes tryna act like you're
part of this message of stuff yeah do me
gang make sure you guys give this video
a thumbs up because I want everyone to
like spread this message and to know
that school is very very very important
I know school just started and a lot of
you guys always stress over school but
trust me at this age right now I'm not
in school but I miss school so so much I
miss like high school memory I mean I am
gonna go to my high school real soon I
don't I keep saying that but I will be
going there real soon but I miss it so
much so make sure you guys you know stay
in school and be good in school don't be
savages well you may savage sometimes as
long as you're getting good grades so
thumbs it up and subscribe for daily
videos because I upload every single day
put your notifications on all you can
handle October 1st September 24 is the
pre-order day for all you can handle
September 17 is the trailer of all you
can't handle the heading back home right
now I'm zan Hina
I'll see you guys yeah take care okay
yeah that's what they all say I'm about
to go missing taking out a gang got
myself in this position always got an
attitude never showing gratitude always
wanna top but you never wanna listen
