makes him look down when he's he's Lou
at your old kid come on okay
you okay do you need help
yeah I got you can I get a sit hey guys
what's up a doobie yang I hope y'all
having an amazing day because we're
having an amazing day so if we're having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day hey do me gang I'm
with the homegirl Deena hey doin Tina
she's becoming more savage more crazy
and more wild and she's talking a lot
more and when I say talking I mean
talking crap let me ask you a couple
questions
do you like Rima no why why don't you
like Rima the police are coming for you
yeah they said that you said you hate
Rima you love her so you guys are
friends Deena's one week so you hate her
you love her man girls are so confusing
why are you girls so confusing man
anyways a dummy gang I have two
important stuff to talk to you guys
about and I need you guys to listen and
pay close attention because this is
really really important to me my family
they're gone because you said you loved
Rima they were gonna come for you
because you say you hate you can't hate
someone okay you love Rima okay that's
good look at my glasses what what up
holes my shirt so what happened was I
was in the train station in New York
City and there was this big rat yeah it
was this big big rat and I was fighting
this rat hold it what's up man then the
rat came on he started biting my shirt
bit here here here here here alright
guys so these two stuff that I have to
tell you guys about one of them has to
do with my family everyone in my family
all the kids and the second one has to
do with bullying and Jamel so the first
thing that I need to talk to you guys
about comes from my mom my dad and my
sister in law which is rimas mother
so as you guys know whenever I'm outside
alone the kids the Addams Family they're
always with my mom dad or my
sister-in-law so the other day my mom
was out with Mawson and Reema and a lot
of you guys a lot of fans they would
approach Monsanto poet Rima they would
take pictures and stuff but the only
thing my mother and father and my
sister-in-law has issues with are you
going
my mom is vacuuming right now so as I
was saying whenever my mom my dad or my
sister-in-law is out with the Addams
Family a lot of you guys would approach
the Addams Family take pictures with
them but what they told me to tell you
guys whenever you guys meet the Addams
Family is to not be too touchy on Rima
and Muhsin and all the kids my mom was
telling me that Marcel was getting
really scared because the fan was just
like picking him up and throwing him up
in the air my family does not mind you
guys at all taking pictures saying hi
speaking with them but they just get
really nervous and scared when you guys
pick up moss and pick up Rima they don't
really know what goes on and they're not
really used to it oh and another thing
with my mom my dad and my sister-in-law
is to not follow them also so I do me
gank I'm telling you guys respectfully
from the bottom of heart please do not
follow like my mom just cuz she's with
the Addams Family or be too touchy other
than that it's okay do me yeah you guys
can follow me all you want you guys can
pick me up and throw me all you guys
want just don't do it to like the little
ones so I hope you guys understand where
I'm coming from my parents and my sister
might have been telling me to tell you
guys for so long but I'm always like
it's all good it's okay and they're like
Adam you don't understand so thank you
guys and I hope you guys truly
understand so that's the first issue
dumi gang but this one is more of a
serious issue especially with me because
I went through bullying and there's been
people a couple girls who have been
bullying Djem and my nephew and
sometimes it makes him not want to be in
videos because these girls always put
him down and it kind of sucks because
Jamal is only 8 years old like he's a
baby and these girls that are bullying
him they're like fifth or sixth graders
so they're like much much more older
than him and it's definitely not a
playful bullying because they made
Jemaine cry and when you make my nephew
cry it's serious like you're actually
bullying yup Jamal is here right now
behind the camera he's gonna come to you
guys and talk to you guys about what's
going on sure okay
come through say hi say what sorry okay
you sure all right guys so I'm gonna
talk to Jamal and speak to him about
what's going on with him so how old you
he's eight years old what Grady one
second sir the girls that bullying will
go
their fifth grade so they're like two
years older than you right you can
explain to them and tell them what goes
on because it is I know it's a serious
issue because I don't demand more than
he knows himself he's my family even you
guys know g-man
more than you know he knows himself he's
a sensitive person was someone you know
bullies him and makes him look down when
he's he's Louie at your old kid come on
okay Jamel come on don't cry okay stop
crying okay
don't worry all right speak up tell the
madman huh stuff yeah is actually going
up to me and see like you're not cool
how many of them is there like one or
two or three or what - there's two of
them one so so much to the teacher and
like they were jumping like that huh
yeah so they come to you for no reason
at all yes do do you start with them or
no be honest no you know sort them at
all there so they just come up to you
and they just start in like yeah and
this is why I hate bullies and I'm not
gonna lie I wasn't bullying myself and I
used to get bullied before - I do not
want my own family going through this
and I'm supposed to go to the school and
speak to these bullies speak to the
teachers and stuff but my family did not
let me do that because they know that
I'm gonna end up going crazy and bugging
out because bullying is a serious
serious issue in do me and seriously if
you're ever getting bullied do not be
afraid to tell anyone
do not be afraid to snitch and do not be
afraid to stand up for yourself
but the thing is with this issue as I
told you guys he's only eight years old
like eight and these girls that keep
bullying him and stuff are much more
older than him like seriously have some
respect are they still bullying now or
what no like sometimes yes yeah
what do they do it they do it their
lunch a lot so please please please stop
bullying anyone not just my nephew stop
bullying anyone bullying is not cool his
mom which is my sister she already went
to the school and spoke and tried to fix
the whole situation but if it continues
on to go I'm gonna end up showing up and
it won't be good so Joe Maddon stand up
be a man give me a hug okay you're good
you're good okay yeah you sure all right
don't be scared i no messes up your days
when you
do stupid stuff but trust me I got you
okay I love you do me guy let me see you
guys in the next show
do me gang I'm in the city right now
this time I'm not laced living to keep
their the one swirlie but I'm going to
gamestop to get FIFA 18 because in the
UK you guys got me and made me fall in
love with 2k t so I'm ready to beat
slims but in that game game stop right
here see for a 2-foot man you good I say
good say school don't do drugs
thank you I'm about to go meet up with
slim and Akif watch them talk so much
crabs well you suck I can beat you a
FIFA hi guys this time swimming to keep
early in a month you know I just seen
the mirror to check yourself up like
twitch on the cover I feel a kind of
Hispanic today you know what I'm saying
by the way guys I'm visiting my old
what's the good
how you do man doing good what up man
yeah of course man yeah okay
be good right yeah it's cool
all right don't do drugs okay yes my man
thank you something so sweet
taking a pic while eating man yeah such
a child seriously what do you think
about them me too yeah thank you very
appreciated just give us our amazing
oh yeah man I appreciate it man so I've
taken I'm taking the video right now
you thought I was taking the photo he
wants to take a photo that's nice
appreciate that
what's your name Chris thank you Chris
appreciate they're really not that what
started with the new Subaru
it was a charging you get to charge no
way how is sale gonna have one I fish my
entire tree I couldn't go back we're
just so good
let's have some can we get a fried ice
cream
speaking Sofia I've been asking for you
to where you've been a hot guys eating
was Adam in the Kedron thank you
this one's pistachio and this one it's
strawberry right it's not Red Dog it's a
all your red velvet or your
oh my oh my god
the inside is so cold I'm not good but
outside is not alright guys they're
about to go and start over
and in the uber there's always that
famous famous thing that goes by boobers
with slim slim has this segment on his
blogs like where it calls the ubers with
slim and it's the funniest ish ever I'm
a film like 20 seconds live it and the
rest you got to see in his black but you
have to make it some dope Uber's with
slim today I feel bad for the driver oh
my god I feel bad for this driver
alright you guys only see it
certification exclusive good luck slim
you're going at the front
now you go kitchen our guest today is
the one the only
mmm so Adam no not Adam its
mmm to em I'm so nervous
yeah
say Amen do me again get it's time to
wrap up this vlog I hope you all enjoy
this life if you did make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go Turkey but yeah do
me again I want you guys to leave a
comment below how to overcome bullying
because I want everyone who goes through
the bullying to read in the comments and
to know how to overcome it so leave a
comment down below if you guys can how
to overcome bullying and drop a thumbs
up do me yang thank you guys so much
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace love you them again
thank you
medicine medicine I've been patient like
a winter on fire I've been waiting in
the long ladder fire are still missing
