she looks like she's crying hey guys
what's up and do me gang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day hey do me gang I'm looking
like a complete mess today I always
tried to look clean and cute for you
guys but today I just look like complete
mess I'm wearing Slim's shirt my glasses
broke my hair is a mess but I'm having a
chill night here in my crib so I've
always wanted to do this video right
here especially for all you can handle
because I wanted to see your guys's
faces while watching oh you can handle
so I just want to say I've seen all your
reacting videos they seriously crack me
up so much thank you guys so much today
I'll be reacting to you guys reacting to
all you can handle
so let's see how it goes thumbs up and
do me a smash that like button and
subscribe because I upload every single
day hey guys it's another day with the
news one today I'm going through yeah to
add them funny or even handle new funk I
got the chapter tumors of him chapter
soon I can't help telling how the heck
do you have the Mirchi
that's like exclusive chapter two how
the heck does she have it it literally
just went online like a day and a half
ago
that's insane tell him she's a writer
died you know what I'm saying it's it
hey guys and then so I know she was like
realest
she's watching okay okay let's see how
it goes I'm really nervous I don't know
I haven't watched anything okay would it
be okay
okay you or she dumb
she won't uppity get something I'll
bring the dog will do something what
what yeah look at that face what did you
even it oh maybe who worship to get you
maybe you don't stand there to get your
this maybe this girl smart man wow she's
a jesus baby put us on a right dragon
okay okay she's jamming all right I'll
see you oh very serious do something
fight to do something bro I mean okay
hang on I mean kick I mean that leave
man I want to meet her seriously I wanna
be his come on let's go job yeah yeah
what is he looking for it must be
something important because okay go why
are you taking a picture in it why are
you taking the piss doctor we made okay
you got a nice here yeah really dope
here oh he goes back
don't worry is just it it's not really
hey
you know what I love how you guys like
it confused you guys in like a good way
not like in a bad way but maybe you guys
want to want to know more and that's
what I want sit and hopefully maybe in a
video or in an interview I'll explain
literally everything like everything
behind this because each song of my
album has like a meaning behind it and I
want you guys to know I want to write it
that's to know every single meaning
behind every single song like we
literally dig dig deep the producers and
everything dug so deep so each song has
a meaning thank you and you know having
atoms I like featuring DeMarco democra
just got a song with knows man DeMarco
is the men and there's brothers
Australian to us is don't you okay
hey hey come on whoa I love his energy
says here Adam saw you so I don't saw as
you saw oh my god oh you can handle oh
you could handle gotta make a reaction
out of this she looks like she's crying
okay she said no okay okay
I know this girl her name is wolves
ain't I know you guys are you Twitter
names but yeah wolves and what elbows it
okay okay yeah why is he hugging this
okay that's true well I'll have you
someone's I kid that necks in that right
a smiling you just connect to swim
oh by the way I love her green lipstick
it seriously looks so so dope and I
seriously love it how much questions and
how confused she is I feel like it's
more of a connection it makes you guys
when I asked me like tell me damn she's
right she wasn't she's kidnapped you
maybe she forgave Adam that's my nephew
is it possible she forgave Adam she
didn't like she didn't shoot Adam in the
video that's lit maybe you should forget
I did in there okay Adams music video
it's freaking lit to rate it out of five
um it was like amazing you know the
production
I definitely paid him $800 to do this
yeah it was crazy good yeah I have to
give her like a 4.5 out of 5
I paid $800 for this I'm joking I don't
pay above all yeah this is honest
reaction 4.5 out of 5
I'll take that that's that's pretty good
and it's actually really hard to impress
my nephew Yusef like he's really really
picky so for Yusef to say 4.5 out of 5
that's that's amazing you know give
myself title back
oh my dude hangs out with him you do spy
James Young see stuff like this James
Moody
whoa look I just don't like think
there's another level crazy
no no boy look what someone's bringing
the other one oh my god let him see
I physically okay oh oh he's not most
the means not a perfect okay whoa whoa
whoa get your eyes yeah well there's a
girl licking the shit out of him bro
seriously look Wow no honestly I don't
know who this chick is but I think she's
taking her role little bit too seriously
man she legit like shit i him like you
know I'm nude or a piece of candy right
and funnest wife bro or whatever or
whatever she is in the music video bub
she's taking a role too seriously but I
never seen someone lick that hard before
bro
I'll even lick lollipop like that bro
she licked at all paws but pretty much I
think it's like a plan it's all master
plan you doing all this just to get away
from the girl well he's just bring over
her bro
instead of putting her through all this
pain you Claire Wow Wow
doobie gang that is the end of this
video I hope you guys enjoyed it thank
you to every single one of you guys who
made a reacting video
I always watch you guys videos I always
really you guys comments I was with you
guys tweets I was really guys like so I
always see everything you guys do so
thank you guys that do me get you guys
are seriously the best gang in the world
I cannot wait for you guys to get the
album you can pre-order it October 22nd
and it comes out October 29th so I hope
every single one of you guys already to
be on this journey with me
you guys already are because you guys
already got a million views on all you
can handle thank you guys so much for a
million views and I just want to say the
first time ever I'm performing as an
album show isn't wait and it is pretty
much sold out right now there's only
like five to ten tickets left and it's
standard ticket so if you guys haven't
gotten your tickets make sure you guys
get it I want you guys to experience the
crazy
Adam album fun and I know there's a lot
of you guys telling me to do another
show and wait but they
we're trying to see if we can get the
venue again and if we do maybe we can't
do a second show because last time we
have four shows but if we can to do
beginning we'll do a second one because
quate you guys are seriously so amazing
and I want to give you guys my all my
everything my attention for you guys my
love so I cannot wait to see you guys
in December I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey I'm see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace I like what
you've been where you been I've been
waiting here the whole time for you I've
been waiting here a long time for your
home time you've been missing
