you can have that hey guys what's up and
do me gang I hope you are having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day hey do me gig today is a day
we're celebrating Munson and Remus
birthday and we had a two hour drive
we're close to Philadelphia ready for
you right then huh hey ready and to be
honest I don't think this birthday will
be ratchet I think it'll be the opposite
because my whole family that's coming
through and it's gonna be a crazy wild
birthday so do me getting I hope you
guys are ready we have another thirty
minutes to get there Boston is so
exhausted and already so tired and I
think he's mad at me because we turned
into a girl yes today are you mad at me
you are
I'm sorry Lena I'm sorry leave yes you
are Lena
we got the homies right here Hamza hey I
was getting ready for today a doobie
gang I just made it over here and I am
with the homie use it use it it's his
birthday the real birthday today is
Yusuf's birthday he is 20 years old he's
my first-ever nephew this is crazy man I
remember when he was the size of this I
remember when you were freaking sperms
and now he's 20 years old I know they're
only celebrating Martin Remos birthday
padorin low-key man I'm celebrating
you're both look at the birthday girl
and the birthday boys what's up
spider-man let me see spider-man Oh
spider-man hi guys so today's birthday
party is gonna be a spider-man theme
kind of party so doom again we all have
to wear these right here spider
Spidy also guys we're here with the
homie
Adam your name is Adam right his name is
Adam Adam your Remos cousin right from
rhemas mother side and if you guys do
not know your mother and Reva's mom
they're twins they're yeah they're twins
that's a pretty dope fact
Remes mom is a twin none of you guys do
it up but now you guys know the birthday
party's about to start in a few and you
guys already know I always make a
ratchet let's play some ball for a bit
then after that we're gonna come back to
the birthday party ready do me a you
guys ready I just got done beating use
this button boy I mean I just got done
playing basketball I'm sorry I know it's
your birthday stuff but I'm sorry I got
to give you that you know it's I got to
show you that I'm still your uncle just
cuz you 20 and told me I got to show you
that you know work Adam a small mistake
put you through work solo I'm sorry you
know donnaught Eddie's a big big day
today's a really really big day the
whole family's coming through Deena's on
a way dramatis I know it what say yeah
let's go to say let's go see what my
whole family is doing I've been playing
basketball for like 45 minutes I gotta
ask you a question did you go to school
yeah how was your first day of school
what was fast
yeah I'm asking how was it not how long
was it was a good or was it bad oh
that's really really good usually he
goes crazy on the teachers are you
behaving good yes I'm on to that table
in yonder what pain table the same table
is that a good table yeah why are you
saying yes like that is that a good
table or bad team yeah you sure yeah
alright cuz this kids a little savage
right here hey what is love than doing
this
come on but celebrate for your birthday
you ready give me in I'm not to bring
the superpower of nanny on them again
should I bring mr. Barba oh my god yeah
what about you say oh yeah I'm joking
I'm joking I'm joking I'm joking
okay guys the other cave Japan cave the
whole squad came the birthday is about
to start are you mad what's your name
Yusuf how old are you sir seven and a
half Reema do you know what that is
that's your cousin right all right guys
we're trying to get the birthday party
started but everyone is back playing
basketball if you make it they all have
to give it a thumbs up okay wait hello
okay you got to focus on this
everyone's thumbs up relies on you okay
so you have to make it let's do it come
on
I remember the day he was born little
Emma he's 12 years old now the last time
I seen me was one probably when he was
like four or five years old and now he's
12 this is crazy man you got older you
got big what that like it's dude
mashallah it's really really good
Hamza I'm doing me shoot come on what
the hell everyone made it I'm going
little even a little kids made let's see
if you make it hi guys the birthday
party's about to start and as you guys
know I am Yemeni so we always split up
in the yemeni families this is the boys
side they always make a boy's side and a
woman side so everyone here is a boy
other than Mawson yesterday most of the
time with the Yemeni culture they split
up guys and girls especially their
weddings sometimes they're in eating's
when visitors are over what do we have
here bismillah about to eat hi guys I
just got done eating I'm with Mawson and
the homie fat over right here Boston I'm
gonna give him a dare to do okay oh yeah
do watch please no no I'm sorry I'm so
sorry I make the other user pushes he
always does what I say the Karima
sneaking it to the men's side you know
that boom is that boring that's what is
it boring back then
what's more fun here and all my guys
mostly just stuffing right now all the
kids got done eating including me and
the adults are still eating right now
let me give you guys some truth or dare
so go tell Hamza are you playing okay
good be careful no no dope you know you
got a baby honey he already you're able
should be be neat birthday you know say
what is that you car you patty
hey guys look at this it's like a krabby
patty but it's not it's a cupcake shout
out to the fan right
Rema you want to tell them who that is
what's your name
Seema Seema and that's a cousin right
she does Wow how do you see ma six Wow
what about you BMO Wow I like your dress
it looks nice you ready for your
birthday party yeah everybody started
today Yeah right now let's go Wow happy
sixth birthday be my happy 3rd birthday
Moss's guys it looks so beautiful oh my
god I got the frozen thing yellow it
ready the birthday party's about to
start guys look we have all the maps
here we have the goody bags here
everything the Cubs the blades oh my
gosh guys look we have a spider-man
spider but andreeva has we got her a
frozen
by the way the guy's not the half of the
families like in that side with cameras
I'm ready
happy birthday happy birthday
yeah
you forgot to make a wish oh my god
guys look the kids are so bad so the
parents have them here let's go let's go
come on what's inside let's go let's go
come on come on come on yeah come on
it was so hard to control the kids now
we have another one a spider-man right
guys spider-man wanted about to go first
matt is gonna go all right pretend to
get a roasted okay he's gonna go hard
already no Yogo yeah pretend the whole
opposite cell still the head is still
here
hi guys now that we're done with the
pinata I got to give everyone their
goody bags I got some goodies bags hey
guys what goodie bag a goodie bag how
does it feel being 20 oh yeah guys about
to cut the cake eat it and then we're
finally done we're gonna head back home
we're two hours away
so i'ma hang out chill out with the fam
and I'll see you guys in the next shot
thank you guys for coming here with us
and celebrating Rima Yousef and mosses
birthday thank you guys so much they're
called me right now so I'll see you guys
in the next shot okay do me yank we're
done for the day I just want to tell you
guys that Reema's gift it is on the way
I ordered it online so it's not coming
Oh thump Siri
well Reba's present is coming in a few
days we have a two-hour ride back home
so I'm probably gonna sleep in the car
right now I need to put on my seat belt
always put on sleep I forgot a newbie
gang if you guys enjoyed the vlog make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey thank you guys so much for your
love and support I'm gonna see you guys
tomorrow don't forget October 1st all
you can handle and I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace peace like
I love
I love you I love you so much yeah
that's what they all say I'm about to go
missus thinking how to get got myself in
this position always got an attitude
never showing gratitude always wanna
talk but she never wanna listen Oh
