alright guys we just got done with the
lipstick I mean remar officially gonna
name her Lima say cheese guys today's
about to be really really crazy I find
hey guys what's up for do me game I hope
you're all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having your voice or your voice okay do
me Hank so the reason why we're quiet is
because me and Rima were pranking Austin
today so let me tell you guys what
happened because this was all Remes idea
we don't want to see us here because we
have to sneak outside and go buy a wig
and then come back here and pretend
we're doing a challenge video with
Mawson and then me and Remo we're gonna
turn Muhsin into a girl because Remo
wants a baby sister so she's gonna make
marcet a girl and you're gonna have a
baby sister
high-five dad got you back girl I can
hear Mawson right now playing with his
car the thing is me and Rima have to
escape without him knowing so we can get
the wig my VCS is leaving and going
outside he's gonna go crazy and want to
go outside with us and that's gonna ruin
the whole print so Rima you think we got
this we can go get the wig and come back
okay I like that
I like that alright so you seem to put
my steps out my dad's room and the mean
air will sneak out you just hide right
now hide in my room and I'm gonna go to
Moss and put them on my dad and I'm
gonna take you and we go okay hey I have
a real offer
cuz teamwork makes the dream work what
are you doing right here okay go ahead
oh hi Robin let's go together because I
got to go outside what do you have on
behind your back
hey those are my coins yes it is you
just took a right now is on the floor
yes it is say all you can handle October
1st well he's not here I'm sorry all
right you're gonna go ahead go do and
I'll see you after I come back cuz I got
to have to go outside and handle some
business ok yeah come yes I do
do you love her that much I feel so bad
that we had to do this to him but it's
Reema's idea it's her first time ever
pranking you he loves his sister so much
mother what are you going huh
she's not here she's not here monster
no one's here Muslim your atop my shoe
no one's here what are you making a
slide yeah
don't whine nothing and always here just
come just a big fat mess come on let's
go come on what are you doing you're
swinging okay oh you have to go okay
give me a high five I love you baby
oh is it why you're like a shadow
mustard I'm changing why are you a nerd
I have to change I'll see you okay
yes I have to do you want to follow me
everywhere I go you can't you know a lot
of follow me everywhere I go
yeah yes I'm gonna go outside and change
okay muslin you won't play hide and seek
yes I will definitely I had to see you I
made it count to ten and you're gonna go
inside there and hide okay all right one
two three four five six seven eight nine
ten where's Moxon we made it out Mawson
he's still home we're gonna go get the
wig then after that we'll come back and
prank Mawson you ready to have a baby
sister yes and let's get to lovin round
side and push let's do it
what's your name again Kevin Kevin guys
mom and Kevin used to go to my old high
school Manhattan all right agreed yeah
down there
can you tell them how like crazy and bad
I was I'd love to know it's the truth he
was really really bad he actually
bullied me I did I'm sorry I'm so sorry
I forgot your faces of yeah so so sorry
it's so many years ago there I mean I
know yeah I'm playing on visiting
probably tomorrow or a couple days from
now
Wow I'll be Monday yeah Dave I'm so
sorry I'm sorry don't worry it's just I
apologize not at school I don't meet
because I was really young and I was
like I don't know he I don't have
changed a lot yeah I know and I might
still try to hide myself like I'm being
Muslim in Middle Eastern so I used to
have to like do dumb stuff for people to
like yeah not think about not think
about me being Muslim I don't know it's
a long story I don't know if you know
the story but um I do yeah yeah I don't
I've watched a lot of your vlog you did
yeah I mean I appreciate it guys that
means so much smarts
yeah TouchSmart so much I appreciate it
my makeup that's good
don't bully anyone okay damn Rima just
put me on the spot man I feel so bad
like seriously this high school that I
went to was probably the one of the
worst craziest experiences I've had in
my life and I promise you guys I'm gonna
visit that high school and I will let
you guys know every single detail
hopefully if they let me in it's just
that school they never expected me to
like do what I'm doing right now and
being successful so everyone is pretty
much shocked like the whole school they
expected me to be in jail I got to keep
grinding and keep going everyone we
gotta keep getting away let's go here
well watch once we give him
oh we should just give him a normal one
so you can look like your sister yeah
remember the last time I was here I
bought fake hair to prune to prank you
ha ha ha I'm sorry but now I'm pranking
Mawson which I feel so bad for you
swapping the house right now looking
although for me in Rema Rema
let's go to the hair that looks like
that your little sister would want that
you would want your little sister to
have which one this one you like that
one with common like yours that should
be good just pull that weave off here
grab my Remo
hi guys mission accomplished we got the
wig we got a run back home and pretend
we're doing a challenge video with moss
everybody bye bye ladies I'm drunk no
more crushes a Dooley gank we're back
home we're about to start the challenge
with Lawson he's inside with his iPad
right now got to bring him in ok sassy
girl so let's bring him in imagine you
were still hiding from like
hide-and-seek let's bring him in like
this I 6 7 8 9 10
ready or not here I come that's the
longest 10 seconds ever so this one into
each one show us
yeah so how's it going good are you
ready
you sure okay sounds good hi guys we're
about to get a dress trying to get some
makeup we got the wig and let's see how
it goes mostly ready let's see you stand
up he's so innocent
I'm sorry it's all Reema's idea hi guys
we're about to start this b ra & k on
this kid right here I feel like Rima
made me buy all these toys so she can
use it as a distraction huh
so she can use it as a distraction from
Austin right here you got some more toys
all right guys I have lipstick eyeliner
oh sorry
lipstick eyeliner makeup makeup and a
boiled egg makeup I was really good are
you ready to do it muffin yeah we're
gonna start off with the makeup on
Washington you need to put on how would
the heck do you know you're six what the
hell she's putting on her hands first
this is so weird I remember I'll do the
makeup tag with Rima a couple years back
maybe like three years ago and now I'm
uh she wants a baby sister's over Wow
Monster is gonna look really really
pretty put some here put some there nice
little Kiki cheeks okay some of the nose
for some here Wow rimas putting so much
makeup on him he's gonna look like a
cake face
oh Jesus jeez there's even makeup on his
lips alright guys I have the eyeliner
right now I'm gonna put on Rima first
just so Mawson can go after and I'm kind
of scared cuz this eyeliner right here I
don't know it's just really scary so
thin and it's so close to the eye I feel
like you could just poke someone all
right guys I'm gonna put some on Rima
and I'm gonna like look prettier I gave
it like this design it was like a flower
kind of design wow you look so pretty
Rima so I'm going to the mirror looks
beautiful what do you mean L
do you mean over here I didn't really
want to like poke your eyes so I just
did in the side your eye you was it
close your eyes close it oh my god Wow
guys makeup by Adam right here Wow look
at this beauty right here yeah I'm
pretty good
all right guys Remos about to put the
lipstick on Boston Boston say cheese say
cheese
what's the color the color is red
I've never seen it three old boy this
excited and happy he's just like do
dissing your lips because you gotta make
this perfect you know what should we
need a room Lena Lena Lena all right
guys we just got done with the lipstick
I mean remar officially gonna name her
Lena say cheese cheese brie hands in
Lena Haley oh my god Lena can't fit
inside this and now the moment of truth
is to wait right here
don't move and we have officially gotten
Wow muslin actually looks all right for
a girl
guys like we're doing a thumbnail and
must must hit looks so much like Rima
but she was yeah yeah I'm dead I'm dead
I'm miss Reno shoes it stopped spinning
do you like scary lady in the movies now
Randy good yeah get do yes look at me
you know this is hilarious
Lena a cemetery my Lena you I'm dead
Vasa disease chiller mashallah so cute
his face is so cute buddy he doesn't
care
I'm the worst uncle ever man am I the
worst uncle I feel bad
I'm sorry muslin he's gonna look back at
this and like a couple years if you like
what the hell does uncle Adam make me do
such a manly such a manly thing whoa
Lena why would you take out your wig and
do me gank it is time to wrap up this
vlog do not forget September 24th its
pre-order for all you can handle
September 17th is a trailer thank you
for always creating memories with me
truly means the world thank you guys for
your continuous support if you guys made
it to the end this vlog and if you will
ride a die thumbs up this block I want
to see how many of you guys made it to
the end of the live so if you guys
didn't make it to the end thumbs up it
do me gang and give yourself a pat on
the back
thank you guys Remus if I do me gang I
love you guys I'm sorry for giving you a
you're I don't know you little likes my
shot is eyelashes what the hell she's
like what do you mean that one flip the
beef over here mmm
rimas makeup YouTube channel may be
coming soon oh okay whatever you ain't
got to rub it in my face do me a
i'ma see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I'm about to go missing taking out
ur gay got myself in this position
always got an attitude never showing
gratitude always wanna talk but you
never wanna listen
oh hey I'm gonna do my way gonna scoop
things and hit the highway
