guys look who we have here you just got
back from school and he's really really
mad cuz someone just had a detention juh
man look here hey guys what's up a
doobie gang I hope you are having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day dumi gang I'm starting off my
day with the big big business meeting
because I got to handle some business
and once again I got to take our check
from the bank and this time it is way
more than 50 thousand it is a lot more
I'm not gonna say how much but it do me
getting I want you guys to always stay
in school always stay focused always be
positive never let anyone bring you down
and maybe I should shut up because I got
to go to my meeting I'll see you guys in
the next shot I love it it's so good
it's amazing I love it guys look who we
have here you just got back from school
and he's really really mad cuz someone
just had a detention - man look here
tell us look I know you want to laugh
don't worry I got your back even if you
got detention I got your back you might
okay I know you're trying to be mad you
know in front of my mom front of my dad
but I know you always laugh about this
and we're gonna tell them all the story
later okay
why wrapping school your teacher what
did he teach you do what did you teach
you do why'd you put your decision what
do you do huh what'd you do
i you roasted her but it roasted her
what are you doing hi guys Jemile it's
us the full story later hey do me gang I
just got done on my meeting and I'm with
Adam
I'm with the homegirl Rema Rema say
what's up they miss you too by the way I
have a special special surprise for you
on September 9 the day we're celebrating
Rima and Mawson's birthday mas is it hi
guys look what he's doing
do it again hello he's doing a little
eyebrow move go do do I want to show his
eyebrows though go watch him in his
little bold hair color
Oh Dody and so he can so he can use it
as memes go yeah de mal here too in the
building this jack coming up and I'm
writing it right now and I'm losing some
weight
I don't like times anymore oh okay okay
so he's thinking a role similar that
means you're gonna stop this dude must
be crazy by the way God look at Martin's
car guys we got Mustangs ride oh uh
don't how you do it let's go wow you
like it
you know bad bad bad listen is there
anything that you can do that's good and
not bad
he's such a bad boy
by the way Duma getting it was all of
their first days in school and each of
them they're gonna tell you guys the
story of how their first day of school
when Reid was gonna go first and I'm so
so sad that I couldn't take them school
or I could have picked them up from
school because I had to go to my meeting
hi guys rhemas gonna go first she's
gonna tell you guys how her first day of
school what what grade did he start
today
I mean first grade first grade or
kindergarten I was like what she got
left back all right so she started first
grade and how did your first day of
class go and all of my friends went on
it and me and we watched it a video
that's with him he wants really give him
attention all this is what I mean and
then what
and we went ten lights and they ate my
food was what caused our size so much
this Barry hi guys my dad is also here
and I think he came at the wrong wrong
time because GMAT is about to explain
why he got detention
you know detention he got detention in
school oh hey yeah yeah that's good I
get to that school I made it a little
early a little late was it later early
this is his side by the way she met it's
in a mill like 7:45 or late
eight o'clock okay then I answered
school my teacher got loud with me then
I said you don't mess with me no you
have to Tucker to get now just think
smack a respect what you want
he's that respect don't try to roast my
dad those happen here Shannon Rose the
teacher after that and after you try to
roast a teacher he kind of got in
trouble all his students and stuff we're
talking about you know his diss track
he's doing himself the attention is not
fun nothing I'm in detention either in
my district
he has his phone so and his notes fiamma
he takes notes what was what is this guy
cuz I don't do me game oh I think that's
what everyone is saying where is it on
the way eyes on the way I don't know
these days 3 to 2 days 3 to 2 Monday I
don't know when it's up to you I have no
clue it's not here
guys look this is my mom's phone this is
what she uses to put on her head she
doesn't have no Bluetooth so she goes
like this and she goes like that she's
like hey what up was poppin G so Mawson
can you tell us what happened in your
first day of school now is your time to
get attention how was your first day of
class go school good was good all right
guys we're about to attempt a challenge
right now a couple years ago I don't
know why he just fell but a couple years
ago me Highland Hamza we did a little
like up on the shoulder challenge so
today we're gonna try it out with us
three and we'll see if it goes well will
do us for with Rima who's on her iPad
using technology right now do you mind
you come on top me unfortunately oh well
yes
oh my pick up a sample on top of me okay
guys all right guys okay you sure yes
your honor correctly
yes hi guys mean Remo we can do
something cooler it's kind of like a
yoga kind of thing so I'm are you ready
all right cool all right so no
illustrate me but you got this people
yes
oh you can't really see oh that's a oh
that's it
ready I assume this tree aah push-ups
Rima can also do this bien
come here yeah yes like this yeah funny
hi guys let's see if Buster can do her
oh oh oh yes you got a boy
you got we has a yes yes oh you can
handle October 1st October 1st September
24th September 17 trailer October 29
chapter 2 surprise surprise Hamza and
Halon we have to find out how the first
day of school was
you know ID man how you doing you again
I just wanted to ask you guys how was
your first day of school
sorry much had an amazing first day of
school
Moxon he had an OK day Jamel yeah he had
the tantrum at has attention now I need
to know how so we need to find out how
your first day of school and how your
friends name schools and how would your
first day of school is do you know what
is that does it frozen bookbag what you
do in school today I pray he lunch I
played yeah so how was your first day at
school
hey what's that is that tenders on then
take it off huh how was your first day
of school what do you do is that you
focus about oh don't talk about weight
look say oh I always thought that
sister's food you stole uses this food
what about your head good school is easy
good and didn't worry about lunch
my head is always hey you're the only
normal one to that assembly you know
that yeah you know that or no yeah all
right that sounds good
alright so a mom that's all I want to
know how your first day of school was
you guys can go to sleep and I'll see
you guys tomorrow maybe I'll pick you
guys up from school or maybe I will be
at my school
everybody knows you and suppose so
they're gonna be rid of that you know so
I should not pick you them yeah but you
guys let me know the comments below if I
should visit my high school real real
soon the old high school that I used to
go through the one that I got expelled
from the one where I had the big big
fight from I had a restraining order
well they had a restraining order on me
like five years five years past has been
like seven eight years now so that means
I could finally finally go but I don't
even know if they will like allow me and
stuff so I'm thinking about going and
visiting my old high school and do me
gang I am officially back home I'm so
glad that his family had an amazing
first day I really hope you guys do me I
had an amazing first day at school
let me know any crazy stories any funny
stories that happened in your school's
during your first day of school or even
if it's not your first day of school I'm
always interested to know what goes on
and you're alive soon so do me getting I
hope you guys have a blessed year and
amazing here with so many memories and
blessings to come and since I'm finally
home I can finally fix up this whole
poster that I have of my secret projects
and the date right here so as you guys
already know Adam Silas secret projects
the movie it'll be announced end of 2017
the book is still in process 2018 and
over here secret project is debut album
twenty-nine but you can pre-order
October 22nd for nowaguma gang as I said
we're gonna put the date that we're
looking forward to the closest which is
October 1st for all you can handle
October 1st this is the main date all
you can handle
October 1st first single off the album
October 1st so I hope you guys are ready
for my first ever single off my first
ever album October 1st all you can
handle
but don't forget September 17 is a
trailer September 24 is the pre-order
date I cannot wait I'm following a lot
of you guys on Twitter Instagram reading
all your comments thank you guys so much
for your love and support it truly means
the world if you guys enjoyed this vlog
make sure you guys give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey I do meeting i'ma see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace I love
you I'm about to go missing thinking
outta get got myself in this position
always got an attitude never showing
gratitude always wanna talk but you
never wanna listen oh hey I'm doing my
way gonna scoop
