breathe in breathe out today's gonna be
a scary scary day hey guys what's up and
do me gang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day yes the do me gang I'm doing
the today I'm doing I never knew in the
million years I would do this but I'm
actually doing it I have the are we Joe
but I mean the the Ouija board yes is
scary but I know it's fake you're fake
Ouija you're fake
I'm sorry Ouija you're not fake do me
gang this is what we're gonna do today
we're gonna pull a big big prank on
Japan and Japan has been telling me for
the past week and a half that he wants
to play with the Ouija board so I'm like
you know what fine I'll bring the Ouija
board who play the games together and
we'll also prank you too man we also
have this creepy looking doll right here
look at this what the hell this will be
such a good prank on Boston I think it's
lonesome I think you got it did you buy
this
huh did you buy this oh you know it's my
daughter where'd you get them I got it
please it was like when I found it it
was literally sitting in the chair and I
wanted to sell them but by itself and I
just picked it up and I started dragging
around but I care about it think you
know what the hell but I'm not touching
that you're a weirdo sir I'm not kidding
you're a weirdo sir I'm not very telling
me this was at the freaking haunted
house and you brought it here yeah why
would you bring it here you Dumbo is
here its first words why would he bring
a freaking creep
what if I was gonna get freaked out
today let's see how it goes I'll see you
guys in the next shot a huge huge
congrats to the homie slim he is now and
win Finity as I told you guys you ready
know some of the best friend so as you
guys know when affinity is gonna have
the dopest the best you know artists
around the world so so I'll be so glad
that now stuff he's the first one that's
gonna that's already in this of course
on the wins for the team is for the team
not loose affinity Winston is it good
let's move your slogan we're infinity
only W you know guys look who's calling
me to man all right hello yes I'm on my
way I'm like 40 minutes away 45 minutes
are you ready for the surprise
is it a cat no it's not a cat
I don't know maybe it is maybe it isn't
hi guys the prank is gonna be on demand
only jamaat's this he wants to play this
game so bad so we're all gonna play the
game together me slim Hannah Hamza
Jamaat and we get to play the game
normally however we play it you know
what that moving stuff and then after a
while we're gonna pretend that slim is
possessed but then just yet just be
possessed in front of him and we see how
he reacts Jamel never crazy hilarious
back and I'm Jamal Ian so happens when
you want to play a game that's not
really a big game and you give your
nieces and nephew like a childhood to
remember bro that's how I was giving you
my wife and kids I'm gonna be pranking
pranking them like this guy right here
with cupcaking Sophia I love you so much
what the oh my god yeah
you guys always wearing a curtain Jersey
yeah wow this is brother you guys have
played each other and ps4 why do you
guys want two kids overhead summer so
talking times in the back he's like why
do you lose it to a girl hi why are you
losing are you guys ready for the
surprise do you guys have any clues what
the surprise is I'm really curious to
know hi guys this is it I found it in
abandoned mental asylum we got the Ouija
board Javad has been asking for how many
times I've been asking for it huh and
now I got it for you come on man you
sure you're not scared you know you
gotta follow the rules honestly Jemaine
I want you to know that this is serious
so another playing this game for the
past couple months and stuff like has
been following him look at that he took
that thing and is it following him what
the hell see that my baby like that what
my Sophia
hi guys we're about to play the game
we're gonna play it for you guys
jamadar as you can see his nerds already
kicking it do you know the rules no you
don't know all right since Demelza know
the rules
Slim is gonna explain everything all the
rules everything never used to be bored
if you think it's just the game never
used a Ouija board alone never use the
Ouija board in a cemetery which is at
the graveyard you have to keep your
hands on it at all times
never forget to say goodbye to the
beach' spirits alright guys every one
hand on the thingie the Ouija thing yet
it is keep your fingers on the whole
time do not let go
is there any spirits that wanna talk to
us please talk to us
yes it says yes guys next question juh
man what do you want ask it are you ugly
spirit are you ugly
now you move I'm not like I'm rarely
touching it
I'm really touching it look says no no
no I guess the German is asking if it's
ugly or not I just wanna marry you wanna
marry you hey spirit do you want to get
married to jamadar Jamaa let me have to
get married soon I'm still 8 years old
I'm gonna get married more than 28 I
know she's ugly or not I don't know
what's the next question are you old boy
are you a boy all right
I didn't move which means yes it is a
boy guys a boy who wants to marry
juh man the sparrow wants to Jamel
antique taking my who oh we love loyalty
loyalty loyalty who do you love most out
of all of us
guys the spirit loves slip oh my god you
have a thing for it or something I feel
honored but I think it's cuz I I play
with it more yeah what do you like what
P four times though that's why yeah and
I bring around with me and I pretty much
did I introduced all you guys to it and
stuff so how old are you okay how old
are you spirit so no so keeping it on so
it's the other
the others huh swim ah ah relax left
okay Experion what do you want from us
what do you want from us okay
oh come on I can't kick your mother help
burn him stop go get what the hell this
thing is faint like it's baby measure
with you
you wanted to play this game all along
you can't cut the Ouija board what do
you beat up slow Jemaine you know who
else was in on a speak honza and Haley
and me oh my god
you join up you brother he's been
begging me to play it now let him play
it and you see the outcome that could
happen it's not good to mess with
spirits I'm scared of stuff like that
but I'm sorry I have to show you the
hard way hey relax everything was fake
the Ouija board movie who is moving what
really means let me move there's like
this oh my god what the hell you want it
that was right next to me
no wait so what what the heck what do
you mean
23 years old you're eight okay yeah boy
bye Jerry - chuckling you cried he's
like ten seconds ago you said you can do
this tag and a do me game and now on
slim why are you going against everyone
that's with me I'm you're going you're
going against you know my best friend
you know you gonna guess my gang and
you're only eight years old man this
dude cop you got some heart he got some
big guns
but you know it all goes hard I come on
the roastmaster oh you chose the wrong
person to go after this it will be
disaster
oh hi guys I hope you guys enjoyed this
little mini everyone what the hell what
the heck oh no my god let your loss to
school starting you can't roast anyone
and so soon unless someone roasts you
first then we'll roast them okay but
still thumbs up for Jamel to drop a diss
track only if someone this view first
okay
huh in one day thumbs up and one 24
hours okay-okay 24 hours I'm out set it
to match that at 24 hours 35,000 thumbs
up at 24 hours ready yeah okay do me
yeah grand wrap-up this vlog I hope you
all enjoyed this vibe you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey
can that way all you can handle
October 1st September 24th is the
pre-order date and September 17 is a
little mini trailer of all you can Han
do me gang I'm doing a follow spree on
Twitter and Indians free to anyone who
retweets my pin tweet it is right here
this is how it looks if you like it or
retweet it I'll be following a lot of
people whenever I want because Twitter
squad you guys are seriously always
there for me I love you guys on Twitter
people keep honking outside also I'll be
following a lot of you guys and DMing a
lot of you guys who put all you can
handle picture as your profile picture
because I'm gonna change it it's my
profile picture because this is
something big this is my first single
off that feels so good to just say that
like what's coming out which is October
1st so yeah see you guys tomorrow take
care and peach be quiet cars I love you
in all day
guillain-barr√© night here in the
hallway yeah that's what they all say
I'm about to go
