hey guys what's up and do me yang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day it do me yang I'm
doing the intro right now I haven't done
the intro because today's vlog is gonna
be crazy and it was supposed to be
uploaded like three days ago but I end
up uploading the Charlie sloth video so
I can promote or you can handle guys by
the way all you can handle has already 1
million streams on Spotify which is
crazy because it's a whole different
market which is pretty dope man like
thank you guys so so much I never knew
in a million years that you guys would
seriously go Turkey like in every
freakin platform iTunes Spotify YouTube
already over five hundred thousand views
within the day and a half
like seriously do me again you guys have
been killing it and the next thing was
looking forward to right now it's
October 15 for the trailer of way neck
and the release of chapter 2 I cannot
wait this vlog is gonna be crazy I'm
gonna take you guys with me through this
crazy clown maze so be prepared to get
scared if it's like really late at night
be careful do not watch it late at night
because you're probably gonna poop in
your pants oh do me getting enjoy the
vlog thumbs it up subscribe put your
notifications on by the way I did choose
already one person for the CD of all you
can handle I'm choosing one more person
it's so hard to sing so if you guys want
to be chosen make sure you guys go
comment all you can handle
give it a thumbs up and show me on
Instagram enjoy the vlog and yeah don't
poop in your pants - see you guys in the
next shot right now we are in for part
been invited to like a red carpet that I
didn't even know so I bought me just
some stuff right now so I gotta look
cool for this red carpet let's see how I
go now it's got an AP watch and he
dropped like $30,000 or something why
would you spend this much on a watch
this let me see it let me see
look at this this is sick man bro what
kind of watch is it let me just see
Harris you don't say avoid each other
I'm Fleming I like that shirt bro that's
cute man what'd you say I said I said I
told them have a surprise for him um are
you ready yeah Boas you're gonna be a
big boy now
you sure yeah we're sure a dog yeah no
water get a dog all right man I got you
I know you don't have a beard so I got
you a big guy Harris got a beef now
that's it sick Maji I told my mom I have
a bed by the end of the year no way I
said you got a beard now if there's
other colors no orange black whatever
color you want
I do mind my friend Harris he's from
America - from millennia Atlanta Georgia
I knew it baby we got hurricanes and
shit going on right now
he's wish he's one of the best workers
ever nah man yeah but he's crazy boom
Charmaine's workmen not poor me I get I
get camera shy
come on man bro in Atlanta he got the
crazy
oh my if you have some crazies workers
hi guys we're going inside the walking
dead haunted house or something I don't
know what it is but it's about to get
well how are we gonna survive probably
no oh man yo my man bro you think what
it's about for now I need to survive man
come on a beard come on good luck Thank
You Man I appreciate it
guys look at this man they had us on our
knees man no way this will boys what
those boys we're not so many roller
coasters my stomach hurts
I
oh my god oh my god oh my god
Oh
these guys scared the crap man
I don't know you guys oh my god
oh my god
there's some creepy gooey stuff
what the hell oh my god and that was the
vlog and this is the ouch mug because I
haven't filmed the outro I have a lot of
likes for you guys to come through
tomorrow it's gonna be a wild crazy of
like a lot of police action the chase
like literally police chase of us so you
guys are about to see some crazy la
Grand Theft Auto kind of stuff so if you
guys have any footage of the meeting we
in London tweet it to me some like crazy
footage that happened because I want to
put it in tomorrow's vlog and on a show
like what exactly happened but other
than that
i'ma hope you guys enjoyed it and I'll
see you guys tomorrow thank you guys so
much for a little support I love you
guys make sure to give it a thumbs up
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
Pierce I know you better say medicine
I've been patient like a winner on fire
I've been waiting a long ladder firemen
are still missing
