so you wanna have the baby happy there
right now Adams sleeping so now I'm
singing over the intro right now I would
be them a crazy little sister you know a
manic fragile blaming blaming but still
so cringy just okay Steve I want to go
over the wall
yeah you're crazy
go wake up Adam okay lose it over now
guys let's go make the putt
because who bought the camera there dumi
gang I just woke up mad to go shower
right now the little brats just woke me
up so I'll get a shower I have a meeting
today I have to go do my taxes and after
that we're gonna meet up with the Adams
family again and I'm heading back to the
new Adams family health I have two guys
why can't I go why can't I go to the new
house
three o'clock what the heck do me gang I
just got done in my shower and I finally
dressed up I'm heading right now to do
my taxes if you guys do not know every
single year a youtuber or like anyone
who works in America they need to do
their taxes and the taxes they take like
freakin forty to fifty percent of your
money man man school Texas man but you
have to do or else you're gonna get
arrested so you have to do your taxes
and be a good citizen so I'm gonna go do
my taxes I'm gonna come back and I'll
let you guys know how it goes if you
guys do not know I got this little low
Peter bad if you guys do not know what a
Blue Peter badge is it's something
that's like really famous in the UK that
everyone really cares about in the UK
but no one knows it here I don't I don't
think anyone in America would know what
it is but every one of the UK is like
going crazy that I got one because I was
just on the Blue Peter show and then
they gave me this so huge shot at the
Blue Peter thank you so much I didn't
know this was social special so now I'm
like rocking it you know say hey but do
we get before we get the black started
make sure you subscribe because I upload
every single day day day so if you guys
do not want to miss them my vlogs make
sure you guys subscribe because I'm
almost have 4 million subscribers
I gotta go ahead to my meeting I'll see
you guys in the shop adieu meeting I am
back from my meeting it went great
just know that I'm moving to the vine
because I hired in Dubai they don't do
no taxes so the why I'm moving up to you
guys
I don't know but I do beginning I've
decided today to show you guys how the
whole fight happened when I fought the
guy I knocked out the guy who tried to
rob my dad I decided today I want to
show you guys the exact place the exact
location and how everything happened so
you guys can get like an image of what
went on like what exactly went on so I'm
gonna take you guys with me to the
hallway of where I live I don't really
show you guys where the hallway route
live here in the project so ma don't ya
let me let me take you guys come on
you guys ready come on let's see all
right no one's there I'm opened up the
hallway here boom what the heck are
first of all let me tell you guys that
the whole incident happened in the first
floor and I don't really want to do it
in the first floor because it's Lobby
it's where everyone is asked what
everyone's gonna see me recording and be
like what the hell and I don't really
want to bring a flat camera I never
really film around here because I know
you guys know but the whole issue by the
fact I don't know that was tears first
I'm gonna show you guys how it looks and
everything thumbs up thumbs up because
no one carries cameras writings
dangerous projects in Harlem
safely this is so awkward man we flying
first floor hopefully no one's there so
I can show you guys what happened next
to the elevator all right Thank You Mimi
oh my god hi guys I'm introduce you guys
little homie Kenya Kenya what up man
I'll have you known each other we knew
each other for years man like how long
cuz I'm trying to tell these Fridays 29
years I'm originally from Brooklyn hey
that's it meet I was born in Brooklyn I
grew up here like man when he's my man
ma che low hey so I wanted to tell you
like the other day someone was trying to
like fight my dad didn't know better or
not him yeah yeah some would like so
much try to rob my dad in the whole
incident happen there but I told you
guys Kenny he's the one who always got
my back
I already know my Divo I'm gonna go see
her do be gay there was a few people
down there I was Kenny but that's not me
Kenny Kenny always has my back so I am
gonna show you guys what really went on
when I had that big fight with someone
shine around my dad so imma show you
guys right now oh this is Hallman yeah
oh I missed bit of broth Brooklyn a
catch crime at something to it is
non-violence
chili how much you would know about
projects like they don't know nothing
about like projects are like where I
live my father left I didn't Johnston
right here down there and over there
that's half right yeah and the Train is
right in the middle that distracts us
everyday and distracted our freestyle so
you used to that don't you yeah after a
while you're just like it's like a
normal part of life they graduate so I
do the gang I'm back I just want to go
take a little walk with the homie can I
have a hug I'm so long so felt so good
today yeah it's been like years man
years easy go to school with my sister
and he's always defend me my family
especially when people used to say like
racist jokes and try to pull my sister's
hair job he's to be the first one to
help us out you know be like hey what's
up chill out let me tell you guys do me
I saw we were downstairs and this guy
came in he looked really really shady he
was wearing like this leather jacket and
he went up to my dad who had a fur
jacket trying to like you know dig in
his pockets but am i yeah we're in the
first floor which looked just like this
me my dad walking towards the elevator
like here and the guy kept digging in my
dad's pockets like this is my little
back like you know what are you doing
and now I seen it he was trying to swing
out my dad like trying to sucker punch
and trying to knock him out so he can
rob him but before he did that we closed
that elevator
going and then he felt straight to the
floor when he fell to the floor I just
kept going
but that's when my hand went inside like
kinda like his mouth can you shut up I
don't know kind of bite me or off like I
just beat him up so hard bass my hand
ended up bleeding my dad went up and
like had to go the whole family left and
I want to go get water like I seen the
cameras and I'm gonna go what the hell
I'm gonna vlog and that's pretty much
what happened it's just some people
around like like different blocks they
would come to this area that they don't
like these projects there's different
projects that don't like each other they
all come through and try to do like dumb
stuff it's really hard enough to explain
but um ah yeah that's pretty much what
happened and it was like a month or so
but right now about to go ahead to the
new a family house but do me I am see
you guys in the next do me getting I
just got to the new Addams Family house
you guys can see a big big difference
here but it feels so amazing to be here
right now I'm finally back to the new
Adams family house I'm here to wrapping
up the vlog here thank you guys so much
for our love and support you guys have
it make sure you guys get your tickets
for atom meets foo seat or it's gonna be
a while to do me gang and if you guys
haven't go watch it you get famous a
miss you got some are gonna be getting
take care and peace
