how's it go watch all the time bo hey
guys what's up you're dooming yang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day do me
gang it is officially AIDS and I'm not
what's my family it is ease and I am NOT
with my family so I'm at the homies at
Army's place with slim as you can see
and I decided to go with them because I
have to look over the secret project
which is already up right now so go
watch it
yes it's chilling volume so yes makes
you guys go turkey on the video I've
been literally just looking over the
secret project while my family is out
and hanging out I have to be alone in a
room at Romney's place literally just
revising and making sure everything is
perfect so I'm gonna go play ball for a
bit and I'm gonna come back and break
down everything for you guys about this
secret project of mine that is not a
secret anymore I'll talk to you all
about it in a few right after I beat it
Slim's butt and Ami's but in ball a fan
the homie Rami right here the Muslim kid
is playing with the Jewish kid who's
playing with the Indian kid just was
banished kid this is best so cooler
who's winning
oh yes way to ban you okay homie I saw
his reaction his grandpa somebody has to
go tell them if you make this half court
you get to stay okay hi guys I just got
done playing with slim and ami now the
man over here Jacob we are in a
challenge I love you 11 forgot how old
you were you good yeah are you nervous
you sure look at me straight see I'm
gonna beat you give me you sure dad goes
what's the play 101 101 game 5 your bull
all right
I was gonna give us him he's honest
doubting him
I can't go home but I don't a lose
sorry
oh hey there good madam are you okay
this is what happened the valium
I love us to help us a lot use this
point single have we serious yeah doctor
you see Adam he's scary but
this isn't time to be injured I just
made some major announcements and I my
ankles frickin hurt remember y'all fun
but what's taking the vlog we're it's
post ready
bye guys oh you got that dad hey guys my
ankle is killing me but I still tell you
guys hi
I told the laughter know what's up man
guys okay you guys in the middle of the
street
thank you
the duma game my ankle is still still
killing me but huge shout-out to
everyone that I met today you guys were
so so amazing and thank you guys for
caring about me and helping me out with
my ankle but it's time for me to tell
you guys everything about this whole
secret project so as you guys know my
secret project is that I'm having my
first ever album and in the next 2-3
months there's a lot for you guys to
look forward to so I'm gonna need every
single one you guys to save this picture
right here make sure you save that
picture because every single day in that
picture is a special special day so my
album is called
chapter 2 my album will officially be
out October 29 but it'll be out on
pre-order October 22nd every single song
inside the album has a crazy meaningful
touching story behind it and it's also a
crazy crazy vibe I worked with the best
best producers I want to give you a huge
shout out to the homie James James D
Mooney
you are amazing I love you so much thank
you so much for helping me out divi divi
pota thank you so so much he's a
producer he's the man well sir another
producer thank you thank you thank you I
was giving my thank-yous for everyone
who helped me out with the secret
project I want to give a huge thank you
also to Ronnie you seriously helped me
so much you motivate me so much and
you're always positive thank you thank
you thank you shout out to Miriam Miriam
diamond Thank You Sadie you are the man
I love you so so much Habibi thank you
so much for being like a big brother to
me I appreciate you guys for believing
in me I appreciate you guys for making
me have a dope dope oh that's ready to
be and also a big big thank you to my
team that's easy
my whole management team Mixel SMG
Ayesha Norah umami Cinnabon are
hipa I don't know if I'm missing any one
out but thank you so so much for
literally helping me out so thank you so
much for believing in me I appreciate
you guys so so much what I want you guys
to look forward to is this this is what
we us do me getting and me all of us
together are gonna count down for next
it is my first single it is called all
you can handle it is featuring DiMarco
he is an amazing amazing artist he just
did a collab with Akon like
last week and now he's on my first ever
single in my first day view above
October 1st it will be out but make sure
you guys look forward to these days
September 17 the trailer will be out on
my Twitter all my social medias
September 24 it'll be out on pre-order
and October 1st
it'll officially be out everywhere
worldwide so we do me getting I hope you
guys are ready to take over October 1st
all you can handle and October 29 my
album chapter 2 the official music video
of way neck comes out the day of the
album on YouTube and then after that the
trailer of the motor will be on November
12 and the official music video of the
Moto will be out November 19th so I
really really hope you guys are as
excited as I am once again a doobie gang
adieu me again takeover it's about to
get crazy and I hope you guys are ready
to go on this journey with me it's gonna
be wild
wow wow wow I don't know what else to
say but thank you guys so much for
everything I really hope you guys are
ready to see what's coming for you guys
next all you can handle
waynetech album the Moto and a lot lot
more that I can't even say I appreciate
all my body dies I love you guys so much
I'll see you guys tomorrow
make sure you guys give this vodka
thumbs up thumbs up and do be getting if
you guys have it go watch the video it
is out of my official official trailer
over here of everything my secret
product of my album go see it click on
it thumbs it up comment on it favourite
it see you guys tomorrow do me a take
care and pitch I like I like baby just
God
guess what they all say I'm about to go
mrs. taking out a can got myself in this
position
always got an attitude never show my
gratitude always wanna talk but you
never wanna listen
Oh
