what are you listening no I can't seem
to find it okay you come in I'm ready
for today
oh are you ready for today what's up
noon today
you know what's happened to the men
today my cameras here
what's up a dismal getting I hope you
are having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing name you all should be having
a bad bad day I'm just joking but it's a
boy
hazel from Brooklyn y'all ready know if
y'all don't know me right
I want the chasing I gotta take the chin
easy
or go set
today he's going to be a while
crazy day and if they I don't know this
is my manager right here house easy
nonsense with rapidity he's gonna make
something happen today is that right
what we making no no no say yes are you
gonna make it happen what we're making
happen no no are you gonna make it
happen tell me what we need to make look
I told you before to make an album
happen and you made it happen it's gonna
be a total 29 yes you got lucky you made
that happen you know what I'm saying I
told you maker world's what happened you
made the world so happen this time it's
gonna be something crazy cuz I don't
know if you got connection you care bug
you don't say how have you guys call it
what do you guys call it man
yeah bold man what what the heck is that
is that supposed to be like a gangsta a
road man what does wrote my mean it
means my cool
who's my phone my mic move big big shit
yeah that's a big shock oh that's neat
that's all right this is what I need you
to do okay you ready
tell me all right a thistle wants to
speak to Big Shot the biggest thug in
Brooklyn gonna see the biggest done
London there is shit hey this'll game
come on yeah I think he's about to make
it happen we're gonna go see big Shaq
and I'm gonna approach him it'll still
suck there we go
but it got it yes very good yes I mean
come on see whoa shit of it I mean Hey
ah need a lift
let me anatomies it over oh you're gonna
take me on a little booty Addison Lee
I'll be from the coaster
take what we take Michaels yo y'all
wasted boy aid dizzle you ready know
what I'm saying I'm with the homie NAS
easy I'm saying the queen of UK
bro you need to show me this dude big
Shaq whatever name is ball little shack
I'm a techie to know
you'll take me to man hurry up man here
somewhere see him in the corner hang in
the world
seriously man he thinks he's a thug in
the UK man coming all over now watch see
to see him where what corner this is the
hood let's go bro we're in the hood
right let's go when the hood rat come on
man
do you think he's gonna be in a police
station or not no it's too smart for the
police station maybe these guys are
excuse me have you seen a guy in any big
Shaq lab see Big Shot the guy goes yeah
maybe he's in the Addison Lee you think
big big Shaq is in the bucket of
Palestine huh huh it's true road man for
that he showed up now gonna find him in
but my cool just making sure because you
know it's my wife hey you know what I
think I think maybe no is Vic shy what's
up guys support eight diesel right here
I'm in the streets of London you ready
know what I'm saying I'm looking for the
homey big shack
I came all the way from NYC you know I
stopped to look for a homey big shack
and I think I finally found him guys he
is right here look
again walking like you're on the streets
walking like you own a block there
your mommy so it doesn't is that big
shot you know the thing I've heard a lot
about you in New York City but Schneider
comes to London mantasy what's up man I
don't like what you doing we wearing
platforms huh if we don't wear them damn
things they'll come in lovely wearing
platforms bro oh you wanna smile you
shoot the fuck shoot the what shoot the
fuck look what's done yo I don't know
you brought it but what's going on see
me man you're talking to me right hazel
for shizzle my nizzle lucky do you mind
everything as a joke hey man let's go
what should the Bible you want to show
you the five yeah and it should be fun
you know shoot the fire yes I'd rather
see that matter shoot attempt shoot the
tangi 250 issue the plane no no shoot
the five man it what I'll shoot the fat
Rock my man get the camera out my face
brother you don't touch my camera I came
all the way from Brooklyn here in your
ends man what are you gonna do
listen man from Brooklyn South London
bang bang you know no please stop bro
what's good what's good
you gonna freeze up yeah we all speak
American my man move from me brother
oh hey yo yo check it check it and yo yo
check it check it
hey yo joking dr. Q
joking American done my man
American Way hey is also not cheap oh
you people are gonna back you up you
know your people they don't understand
you throw that you come to America man
we're coming there be so come to America
everybody love ya across the road
American boy ain't dizzle big shot
that's right off the night you know me
right now what this was big right now we
squared up to me what what you want to
hug yeah come here my man
look make sure you don't show that we
don't do stuff like that don't show that
negative my man knock off the camera
gruff look look hey do me gang I am back
to Adam I want to give a huge shout out
to Michael Thapa thank you so much for
doing this for me I wanted to do
something fun for you guys like an
American gangster with UK gangster so I
hope you guys enjoyed it if you guys did
enjoy it make sure you give it a thumbs
up if you guys want more random crazy
skits like this Michael Thapa aka big
Shaq you are the man he is so so nice
such a humble guy and naturally funny if
you guys want to follow him it'll be
inside the description I hope you guys
enjoyed watching it subscribe for daily
videos if you have it
butchy notifications on oh and love it
tomorrow September 30th right here make
sure you guys come through it's gonna
get wild we're gonna celebrate all you
can handle
I cannot waiting the day is finally
coming it's gonna be freakin all you get
oh god you do me Aang I need you guys to
go extra crazy hard once all you can
handle comes out of them that I hope you
guys enjoy this video
keep smiling I love you guys take care
and peace yeah that's what they all say
I'm about to go missing thinking outta
get got myself in this position always
got an attitude never showing gratitude
always wanna talk but you never want to
listen
Oh
