Rema this is gonna be the last intro
we're doing for about a week I'm going
there for like two three years I miss
you too hey guys what's up for do me
gang I hope you are having an amazing
day because we're having an amazing it
so if we're having an amazing day you
all should be happy this is my last like
literally two three minutes here in
America after this I'm gonna head to
London Rima all I'm gonna say is I'm
gonna miss you
I love you so much and I'm not just
watch the vlogs when I'm in London
because they're gonna be crazy crazy lit
and I hope you're ready to see
everything okay
watch the video that's not watched it
it's not watched it it's I watched it
again I watched I know I watched I
watched none of them i watched the vlog
i don't do it too hard just i watch the
vlog okay you're not scared of the car
no more no leave it man me hi buddy it's
ARIMA I love you so much take care
imma be good I'm represent for me I mom
um don't cheat on me be good in the
house I love you guys and I'm gonna be
facetiming you guys and I'll see you
guys soon okay
hey tell them by doing back tell them
bye bye Dubey gonna have to head out I
love you guys and I'll see you guys in
the next shop do me Jay look I'm here
with the homeless solemn and I've seen
him for so long he's been busy with
school stuff yeah cuz it works cool
editing doing his thing his camera
losing his camera stuff like that but
seriously thank you so much this what I
love having two older like never
usually what happens I just being there
he just eats jimal is there roasting
people boston's they're trying to speak
say happens they're being crazy if you I
could be like yo homie it's going to car
like you're my age I like that I like
that I like that but ma yeah i'ma see
you when I'm back um do ba in the next
shot you'll see me in London ight oh my
god
I'll be in London I'll be in the airport
you love it ready
how about snap snap though hating and
jump up do ba I'm in London right now
look seven hour flight and I'm feeling
good the weather is beautiful here in
London it smells beautiful
I'm heading to go see na so I'll see you
guys in the next shot what yeah I knew
it I knew I didn't let that car to stop
yeah boy is he sore us and because he
looked at Sodom
I'm out of me
yeah man really we get in our shirts I
show ya every time me and now we leave
each other for like a month or two we
come back we reunite it's always a big
big day but now we just got our merch
the exclusive chapter to merchandise
pull it out wears it up
we got one box here in the back right
here we're at the white ones and a black
one but this is the man behind it let's
show anything this is where we get all
of our freakin rights right there like
this woman oh my God look at that crispy
oh how many Wendy's buddy
I said smut we also got black ones
look at this with chapter 2 I prefer the
black one I prefer
I like dwelling yeah guys this is
DeMarcos track with Akon and now me and
DeMarco have a truck coming out October
1st is a guys
that's what we going on we go in to see
Leo yeah buddy we're gonna go pick Leo
up from school have you seen him play
you know ever seems like you here right
no way it's always every union whenever
I come to the UK - all right yeah was
that the UK tour I was a hot minute ago
every February that was fabulous
go down
I don't know where is she don't want to
see me listen I want to know am I
allowed to come to you if I'm not with
Adam although I am your dad right so so
I'm coming to see you
I have seal deal for so long he's mad
right now he thinks I'm not gonna be
here I'm gonna surprise him say what you
thought was gonna come okay
hi guys now we're about to do a little
video for you guys let you guys know
we're in the UK hi guys one ceiling
story here and Steven is we're just
gonna film like a little 30-second video
just suppose that on Twitter doesn't
show you guys that we in in UK knows
this dude lives in London right yeah we
need to meet it bro I'm gonna make it
happen I want to see him and be like
let's do the segment yeah this will be
yeah 345 pounds
fine be soon how do you know
nice kid yeah
you don't somebody just painting with
the city's give me the American gaga
yeah yeah I'm here working may know the
best shop in Stevenage with Scott
Daniels thank you so much come back
Daniel stores you came back to me we
should keep really on a sick man I this
would be a mom and then what what is
daddy
20 servings that area tell Mike Lynch
was right there all right yeah smoking
is not good man stop you still gonna buy
it
yeah I'll be 11 18 pounds again oh thank
you so much hey who's asleep wait that's
the Queen you know she's my wife
yeah so many coins look yeah the nearest
quarter and a dive in and thank you so
much appreciate it how you doing okay
next customer please um ah sponsor 59
first tip I got hi
give me a high five I love you guys huh
me to expect you on FaceTime we did Cena
oh man how did how did
Oh Mike thank you do me gig we just got
done with the shop huge shout out to see
you live for letting us use this shop me
and Naz you always do these dumb silly
like videos whenever we meet up and
reunite I haven't done a music video for
so so long hi so what song
see my light is musically neo-king blame
Leo King bling 1 1 hi guys it's how you
easily look now's holds it and there you
go do it
right cuz I get food
adieu my gang I'm ending the vlog right
now I just finished a big interview I'm
so exhausted
I'm so tired we have Ania the crazy
clown here do me yeah if you guys
enjoyed the vibe make sure you give it a
thumbs up say thumbs up thumbs up and go
oh I love you guys do me Hank thank you
guys so much for showing so much love
make sure you guys come through
September 30th oh my god I'll see you
guys and like yeah that's what they all
say
I'm about to go missing bacon outta ya
got myself in this position always got
an attitude never showing gratitude
always wanna talk but you never wanna
listen
oh hey i'ma do my way gonna scoop
