what that is tripping out right now he
says he trip it up
he's about to pull out pictures he's
like yo I got you what is this like a
lottery
hey guys what's up in Douma gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so we're
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy Brima do you
know what day is tomorrow what is it oh
I thought was Wednesday do be gay
tomorrow
well if you guys are watching this right
now it's her birthday but for us it's
tomorrow but for you guys it's right now
so this means here comes the cute
special video I always do for Rima every
single year thumbs up and subscribe
yeah I just came back from shopping
Brown I just got me so what I got the
pussy what I got I got some fresh some
fresh clothes
look so funny
August 30th dreamers bad turn two years
old see - you wanna see here guys know
that's a big river
I'm so excited I cannot believe that
Reema is four years old like I can I get
get that through my head before tomorrow
when you were zero
I love you so much it's getting late got
it all be safe
I hope you guys enjoy that Rima I know
it's still August 29 right now and your
birthday is not to like another 12 13
hours I just want to say I love you so
much I'm always gonna be there for you
you will forever be my baby Princess
Rima meanie went through so so much
you've been with me since day one
you are my other half you're my right
hand you want my everything
haha do you know what day is tomorrow
you know do me gang if you guys are
having a bad day or a crappy day just
remember that my dad forgot
rimas birthday typical Arab dad who
always forgets birthdays he always
forgets my birthday - remiss okay one
yeah because it took you too long -
incident but I was always saying Reema I
love you so much I will forever forever
be your best favorite uncle I will
forever be by your side so whatever you
need anything you want I'm always here
for you every single day so just know
that I love you so much very much you
know what I mean I'll forever be there
for you still every single day you are
my everything I remember the day you
were born I was really really mad I was
really mad because I had another niece
and I had too many nieces
I wanted a nephew but I regret that day
so much because Reema you seriously
changed my life you are my I love you
it's been six long years and I can't
wait to tell them any more memories to
make with you room I love you so much I
love you Reba I love you Reema anyways I
was just a little message for me - Reema
it's not officially her birthday here so
there's just a little message but at
tomorrow's video it might be a little
ratchet might have a ratchet birthday we
always have ratchet birthdays since she
was zero years old only the rider died
dummies we know that so do me a I'll see
you guys in the next
shop but look all right guys I'm heading
to the bank right now I have to take out
$50,000 I can't tell you guys the reason
why I just got to handle some business
real quick right remark yeah so we're
gonna head to the bank and hopefully I'm
safe and then after that we're gonna
head to go see hamsa and Halon here it
is right here guys inside here is a
$50,000 check I'm seriously so scared
walking with this right now because if
anyone takes it it's gone in life always
make smart decisions right Reema yes
she's six she has no clue but seriously
oh do me gang stay in school and be
successful I love you guys I'm heading
Thomas's house right now no party hi
guys no one's home houses outside
getting eight outfits he didn't even
tell me anything hamsa imma get you back
for that series now I have to walk home
the walk of shame
look at this walk of shame do me gang
I'm back home here with why'd you forget
her birthday
Oh huh you forgot I put my dad on the
spot you got a birthday huh I've read
this tomorrow he's gonna go get her
kicked tomorrow come on
back again it's my dad's favorite boy
leave me alone
so you didn't get me married are you
gonna get me married yeah you're gonna
get me married
why is what that say names of families
I'm buting whatever he's saying right
now he's mentioning names of other
families baba so you're gonna choose me
who to get married yeah you're not
choosing before my gonna get married - I
choose who I want to get married - and I
marry whenever I want cuz I'm the boss
ya know who's the boss right there don't
damage they will get I'm not gonna
gamble what that is chipping out right
now
he says he trip it up he's about to pull
out pictures he's like yo I got you -
what is this like a lottery looks like a
reality TV show their muscles the truths
like yes her I don't think I'm ready to
get married now so got the secret
products coming September 2nd secret
project come make my little brother get
married first
oh yeah make him get married let him get
married my whole family's literally
married now they're talking to me and my
little brother but I think my little
brother should get married first
he looks older than me yeah and I'm
older than me but he looks older than me
ain't no big day my little brother
weighs around like 240 pounds he's a
he's a big dude that is roast 340 yeah
damn I roasted him like that what is it
birthday ever one one 1950 how do you
turn in 30 or 35 no I love you I love
you mwah
even though my dad is crazy Lavin
howdy journey i think i think papa 1 1
1950 that's every arabs tamales birthday
birthday 1 1 1950 because when they come
in the country they don't know what
birthday together just give January 1st
why can't you get a good breath then why
can't you be like like February 14 like
Valentine's Day these dudes come in like
January 1st shown in the picture of
Selena Gomez can I marry her
well right there this was Robin Mowgli
no good good what do you mean no good
that's Selena Gomez is that good let me
show you another one no Ariana oh don't
let to you why I can't get married if I
want Aryan of London all right what
about this one hi guys this is Lawrence
from fifth harmony what about this one
same thing same thing what I mean - same
thing that say the different girls this
was Lauren yes no let me show about this
girl where Tammy and vidiots
old she's not a hundred years old do you
know can I marry her no water lady but
she's adorable
it's already handy gift oh you're not
running she's like 95 but like I don't
good remark can I marry her yeah damn
she didn't wanna look we would just said
no you guys doing me to marry no one I
so I'm gonna choose whoever I want to
marry and you you just be happy for me
forget it marry right
what's wrong with you
what are you gonna pick let's go
let me pick a time and you're gonna
choose I so Reema's gonna choose for me
I'm out peace I got a big meeting to
handle it do me gang I'm on my way to my
meeting this is a really really big
meeting I do not want to say what it is
because I do not wanna jinx it so
hopefully all that everything goes well
and then after success I will let you
all know real real soon
this rain is so depressing man slow down
slow down for you so the presences
by the way my thoughts and prayers go
out to everyone in Houston and everyone
at Mumbai this seriously so sad and it
truly broke my heart seeing like all
these images and videos so many people
are losing their homes so many people
are losing their lives so my dawn
everything goes out to all of them I
hope you guys stay strong and keep
yourselves close love you guys okay do
me yang I am back home I'm back from the
meeting everything went great happened
it I had a call while I was on my way
back home here I had a call from
t-mobile because my team my management
team they sent them an email telling
them about the whole issue about me
getting hacked and how pretty much
t-mobile gave access to to someone else
to like fraud my number my sim card in
my social media and they finally got
back seven days later they called and
this is the phone call that is just some
of it they're taking it really really
serious I'm so investigating and my
lawyers are working with it I'll keep
you guys updated with that if you guys
enjoy this vlog
make sure you had a thumbs up and go
turkey the do me hang three more days to
go for the secret project I hope you
guys already and I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me yang take care okay
killing more night here in a hard way
get us what they all say
I'm about to go missing taking out a gay
got myself in this position
