okay where's my glasses I can't find my
glasses my glasses why did God give you
glasses because people with glasses you
know it's only special people in this
world like super special you have super
powers but you don't know it what kind
of powers go like this hey guys what's
copy do me a
I hope you are having an amazing day
because we're having an amazing day so
if we're having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy dad
Oh
that's pretty impressive a doobie gang
today's gonna be a wild crazy day me and
say ass are bringing back the crazy
killer cloud at this time I am NOT
pranking Sayyaf because every time I
prank him he ends up what
so me and say F we're gonna make an
escape we're gonna try to make an escape
to Party City so we can get some clown
masks then after that who you want to
prank Moss and Deena who so do me
getting our mission right now is for say
you have to tell Mawson that he's not
going to Party City you have to make him
an excuse why we're going out but just
don't say you're going to Party City
because if you do Muhsin will go crazy
and add them coming with us last year he
came with me to Party City to prank Rima
but this year say yeah you're coming
with me to prank Lawson and whoever else
okay so we're gonna make an escape let's
see how it goes and I'll see you guys in
the next shot right the big needles yeah
so we're gonna see you later okay I mean
in me fine thank you
do me gang we just got away from us and
we are in Party City he is not actually
going to the doctor but good job good
excuse me I know there's a variety of
clown masks now especially with the it
oh what's up man what's hitting Joshua
Joshua nice to meet you Joshua man I
like your tats MC tats well that looks
sick man look at my top yo look at the
variety of clown masks you want to get
that one you're gonna choose that one
yeah what about this one this one is
scary no it's not as a car mask yo this
one is scary you think this one scary
that one is it yeah yo had this month
last year last year it broke in their
new beginning change of plans
we are also getting the it costume the
whole it costume because they do not
have the body for this one here we're
just gonna use I guess both of the clown
costume they're both scary hi guys we
got the 8 costume but the thing is the
only size they had is XXL not even XO X
Excel do big a the clown is back the
funny killer crazy we are back with the
new version of a clown do be gay we're
back we have all that stuff right here
oh my god I missed this type so much
this one carry though yeah this clown it
he carries like rent balloons so say
have told me make sure you get balloons
let some Neary blow one and I'll blow on
maybe it's like a smart idea that it has
these red balloons because the kids love
balloons so the kids will come and after
that you can scare them this is what
else we got right here this is a creepy
scary mask but we also have a size
double XL it the whole costume look at
this wow look how big this thing is man
oh my god see this is way too big man
hopefully I can finesse my way in this
I think I'm finessing my way in this I
can rock the it you know it has to I'm
gonna have to bring this with me in
London so I can mess about with some
people there you know what I'm saying
yeah I think I fit a little bit yeah I
mean it looks cool baggy makes it more
scary early look at this this goes in
the neck right whoa yo this is the
creepiest cloud freakin costume I've
ever had creepier than my funny clown
last year I say F I'm gonna perform for
you and it clown kind of guy and you're
gonna tell me if it sounds good or not
okay my name is penny wise what's your
name yeah yeah say yeah how are you say
that that is such a beautiful name is it
and how old are you fine you're five I'm
six I have this balloon for you right
here do you like this balloons and what
yo Loki say I've got shook hi guys I
feel so sweaty in this clown costume but
I am loving it I love it so much I'm
gonna keep the mask on do not say it's
Adam I'm not you pinky promise all right
sounds good unicorn unicorn vickima
now you wanna see me naked naked naked I
wanna be a baby baby don't tear up
you're a big big boy
you're just like me hmm let's start off
with a dance hold up hold up hold up it
looks like someone doesn't want to dance
let me talk to you my name is penny wise
I'm your bestest friend give me a
handshake how old are you how old is he
he's 3 years old
oh my god you're 3 years I'm gonna get a
big hug oh my god I love you so so much
my amazing friend do you like me now you
do are we friends can't we dance now
what's this now that we're done dancing
I want to tell you guys something ok hey
ma sucah love you Sonny
I want sure what well language is
speaking
what do you mean anything what's my name
clown can you teach me how to do
push-ups
can you show me do it come on keep going
Wow the more you do I'll give you a red
balloon
you're so strong let me feel your muscle
ok come over here I want to eat you for
lunch ok here lay down here ok can I cut
you know me to cut him ok
no no we're friends
can I get a hug you better pop it you
want me to pop it do you want this yeah
you're gonna pop it and oh my god man
you know what it's little kids like you
that make my job so hard what are you
crying about are you okay yeah what
happened
do you want to pop the balloon yeah
that's all you just want me to pop the
balloon
fine I'll pop it here you go are you
happy now okay give me a hug
can we dance while he's dead
oh my god I think he's gonna turn to
something you want to see my son let me
take a picture for you guys to be on
Instagram okay I'm gonna post this on
the grand-am okay
would you like to do a musically with me
yes let's do a musical e right you two
break it down say yeah oh thank you that
was so much fun are we best friends yes
why don't you tell Tina that we're
friends go bring your friends the more
friends you bring the more amazing it
will be go bring your friends
come on oh my god I can't breathe I'm
dying laughing
Brody's dude bro my dad this dude
brought my dad yeah what's that light
switch in there man you a snitch bro I
need this knife stop I'm not but I'll be
taking the same stay I'm taking extra
steps taking a run take it take it and
you're a brat man oh my your breath
wasn't it's me Adam yeah he's like that
was you look at him all brave right now
look at this dude Oh
oh look how much I'm sweaty I can't
breathe I sprained my ankle - my ankle
is sprained even say Abby's wedding ring
how's it feel doing it colleague that's
good - high-five - mom it's a high-five
for months and for being brave man this
dude does not care I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you enjoyed it
make sure you give it a thumbs up let's
try and get fifty thousand thumbs up we
can try to get my knife back for my dad
but I'm uh yeah I've still got this
costumed I can still mess around and
lumpy do me getting I'll see you guys
then
take care peace I love you fucking all
day killing more not hear it in the
hallway
see you cry yeah that's what they all
say
