hey boy hey guys what's up and do me
gang I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I
am having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day do me
gang today's gonna be a really really
fun day so I hope you guys already I
hope you guys are feeling good and if
anyone out there in the world is making
you guys feel down and making you guys
feel depressed don't pay them no mind
because you're amazing and you deserve
to smile so keep that smile on your face
and if you guys are feeling like crap
today just know I have so much mosquito
bites all over my body from yesterday
digging at the backyard one two three
four five
so hopefully that can make you feel
better so this is what I might do today
a couple years ago I put fake chicken
pox on Rima let's see how you react to
your face okay like it wasn't so I'm
like you know what we always have to
repeat history with Mawson we have to
let mustn't go through whatever Rima
went through so I'm gonna go by a red
marker put it all over my son's face so
it can look like fake chicken pox and
then we're gonna see his reaction also
in a few days August 30th its Remus
birthday and then September 2nd is
Boston's birthday and September 2nd it's
a secret project and AIDS is also in a
couple days so a lot of big stuff is
coming so I hope you guys already thumbs
up but do me Hank if you guys are ready
for the secret project and if you guys
are ready to have some fun today I'll
see you guys in the next shop let's go
boy let's go let's go look at him in
this tricycle
to me gang muffin has a tricycle right
now and it's actually really slower than
a scooter look how slow he goes he'll
not go fast go fast go as fast as you
can
I feel so bad Mawson what do you like
better your scooter or your bike you
like your bike
guys I know muffin likes his bike even
though it's slower but Boston since is
your birthday on September 2nd I have a
really really big surprise for him and
it's gonna be on YouTube so be ready I
dare to after the secret project mustn't
you have a big surprise for me a big big
surprise what is that huh what do you
want I want this yes okay one thing
muscle loves is cars he loves cars so so
much what it is the police ain't gonna
catch us right Boston they're not gonna
catch us I mustn't chose this toy he
loves anything with cars and the
surprise he's gonna have after I reveal
my secret project is gonna be amazing I
can't wait for his reaction he's gonna
love it so so much and he has no clue
because he's two years old right now and
he doesn't understand nothing that I'm
saying and this is why I'm pranking it
today he doesn't understand what I'm
saying Muzzin do you know what I'm
saying yeah what am I saying
sorry I'm saying toys yeah in must ins
mind this is what I'm saying Toys Toys
Toys Toys Toys Toys Toys Toys Toys Toys
Toys Toys Toys
doing that hi guys this is the part
where I get red marker so I can put
chicken pox
I'm wasa hmm this one got red yeah
muscle look is his nephew for your
birthday how does a brand-new sports car
sound what is that guys you like cars
yeah that's the only hit you guys are
getting for his surprise before the
secret project I'm sorry but September
2nd is around the corner I got my stuff
and Moxon it's in the freakin the car
place was it why are you in love with
cars so much if you didn't choose that
one he chose out like 20 guys mission
accomplished
we're heading back home now I have
another mission doing this kid right
here who has no clue I feel like I'm on
a Grand Theft Auto mission but let's see
how it goes I'll see you guys in the
next do me gang change of plans
so this is what I'm gonna do because
I've been trying to wait for Muhsin to
go to sleep so I can put the fake
chicken pox on him but he doesn't want
to sleep so this prank is gonna be on my
dad but at the same time it still kind
of a prank on my son because he doesn't
really know so I'm gonna draw the fake
chicken pox on Watson and I'm gonna call
my dad and see his reaction and also I'm
gonna get Mawson's reaction because he
never experienced chickenpox this is
pretty much a prank on my whole family
because my whole family is gonna see
this are you ready yeah you sure are you
a prank master yeah
okay sit down here this is my little
brothers he's gonna become a nurse so in
a childlike hi I'm dr. Adam I need to
check your heart okay dr. Muslim all
right guys I got the red marker chicken
pox already ready yeah okay ah one on
the nose
alright guys he's gonna see his self
right now you ready all right look
closely it was at this moment that he
knew he you like what they do alright
Mawson before want you to look in the
mirror I want you to see yourself okay
okay here ready yes here it is
do you like it you do
he's like why is it inside every dude
give himself a kiss why the kids himself
do me gay I'm not to bring my dad right
now
Mawson is looking all over I'm at UH my
dad that mustn't got chickenpox you
ready give me five give me five guys
thumbs up from Austin for being a good
sport and for being a prankster say dumb
saw buzzing a BA come something's wrong
with the muffin huh well has all of us
in will be hostile ah my somebody that I
like yeah whatever my chicken pocket
we tell you to take you to the doctor
who did you know I tell me do this to
you
Most High in its nature no my chicken
pucks yeah you come back yes sugar bucks
okay we're going to clear the duck chef
why why you gonna go to the doctor
no it's your freaking Muslim mother said
freaking snitched aadmi this dude just
said Adam wow man
I don't mess with you no more man we
don't mess with each other no more
that's that peace man
ready show mama said my mom - you need
to show them yeah yes hey Zuko hi guys I
can't really film this but he's about to
prank my mom and his mom ready
alright maybe you can hear the voice
doesn't go up go
he's so huge under watch it once it is
so to try to wash himself but I'm gonna
wash it up and I have to take all the
chickenpox away then after that we'll
see you guys in the next shot do me gang
I'm in Macy's right now I'm at this
place where a suit shopping
I'm slimming the key they're going each
shopping already like why the heck are
they going each shopping we supposed to
be real Arabs and wait till last minute
these is not to like another couple days
from now have you seen a guy that looks
like a giraffe and another person looks
like a chimpanzee no no no excuse me I'm
looking for my friends when he looks
like a giraffe is kind of tall I'm
looking I did little talking to himself
guys oh oh man yeah let's just say the
noodles are out man soup let's just say
products don't say soon I'll borrow it
so you will have a question for you I
can I've seen your blog where you talk
about you do it this track of someone
who's at this track gonna be on huh oh I
just know if it's me you know it's gonna
be four one three who's going to eat
shopping you and why so early roads this
week from Friday
what is it fun huh what did they I think
Friday yeah do you know what these
either know what these eat
oh you don't know Friday or Saturday
thank you very small that looks sick
I'll let you know then the key trailer
stuff all right guys we're outside so
slim is planning on doing something
really crazy should I say
you tell them the keep I don't know if
you know or not I was asking about you
bring your book back it's like you left
school he was like Thor II I got you a
surprise I'm like what is it what is it
what is it what is it what does it feels
like it's a Ouija board I'm like scared
I'm gonna tell the police how'd you guys
peace out man
dude fit of life oh I can't do it
so I'm scared I'm gonna have to do it
Bob the only reason why I'm doing it
just to show you that are you scared of
it and I scared enough so yeah I don't
know how the game goes all I know is
that scary like the moves and stuff like
that so one two three we guys we just
got done playing the Ouija board here in
the woods and guess what the Ouija board
wants us to kill one of us
I don't mean to keep or slip I'm not
gonna say nothing you guys to go see us
close channel it's kind of weird and
creepy because I never wanted to do this
but I don't know why slim carries this
and like plays with it and sleeps with
him after we just experience but I want
more answers but like you guys are like
being pussies here I know he said but by
the way it's like 11 o'clock at night
right now no one at all is here look
just us this is the same place it wants
who then Slim's last vlog where the cops
were like chasing us and stuff because
we're what we're doing we're playing
hide and seek I like three and we're
doing the 3m hide-and-seek challenge he
does weird stuff
look he's scared that look he's scaling
oh really
yeah yo that's creepy this a zone that
is praevia those hey who's that I asked
my dad all he does is talk about with me
is marriage why do you only talk about
marriage with me I was bad boy you know
man
why look what you give me high tide
no she doesn't I shouldn't get married
then I'm not gonna get married okay you
met it I'm not gonna get marry you just
said gives you a hard time right
yeah your mommy could give me a hat pack
okay I don't want that I want to get
married because what if someone gives me
a hard time is good that got me crying
enough okay do me again get it's time to
wrap up this vlog I hope you all enjoy
this vibe then make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so much for coming
through every single day showing so much
love I appreciate you guys so much and I
always give you guys a shout outs on my
snapchat my snapchat Adam Saleh 93 so
make sure you guys go my snapchat you
guys want a shout out from the vlog so
thank you guys so much I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care and I'll a killing more night
here in a hard way yeah that's what they
all say
I'm about to go
