no way bro I can't believe that
probation what the hell remember this
hood yeah I remember this
Wow me captain out of America safe
what's your nationality
you're not gonna race me oh you got to
do the race now the race
let's do it come on do me gang today's
gonna be a crazy wild day say f & remod
they're about to have a bike race right
now who you think is gonna win who's
gonna win say after you think you're
gonna win how do you know what about you
Rima did the anal one why all right guys
the race is about to happen
ready
hi guys the winner of that bike race was
Rema Rema what are your thoughts
what do you got to say CF clapping why
don't you want to race me tell me to
share your feelings it doesn't matter
though give each other a big hug come on
okay I got the Hobie Yousef over here
say what up man up guys you subscribe
you guys gonna see me a lot more and you
subscribe because my shell oh I love his
house and today should we tell the hot
was going out today I know this tell
them what's going on today okay joined
of you guys know why today's in a porn
day because you're 26 Wow because he's
turning six right Reba's birthday's
coming up is August 30th and mom's
birthday is September 2nd but it do me
getting the reason why today is a really
really big day because around I don't
know what year was it was like an around
10 to 15 years ago me Yousef and his
older sister which is my oldest niece if
you guys do not know at the age of two
hours an uncle and our trio was me
Yousef and Hera we used to hang out
every single day in this yard right here
behind you guys so around 10 to 15 years
ago mean Yousef and his older sister we
won't like a note we had a shirt we
don't remember what we wrote but we dug
it in somewhere here in the backyard I
remember exactly where we dug it but I
don't really like remember like the
specific spot but I do remember the area
all of us today we're gonna be digging
and trying to find the note we had and
the shirt we had hopefully inshallah we
find it if not then we tried if we did
then we did we have say yes and Rima as
our helpers let's do it boy
well I'm writing it by crying out guys
they're getting all the shuffles ready
all the stuff we need to dig the hole
but before I start I'm taking a little
stroll on this bike before we dig this
hole we gotta have it this race you guys
ready
hi guys enough fun time let's get to dig
in and do begin you guys all ready hi
guys I'm gonna take off my bathing ape
shirt because I can't really dig with
this because expensive rare hmm oh oh a
bra you know how much it cost yeah come
on boy good luck
crazy crazy all right guys we can't
really be careful it's dangerous here we
should go here back in these but we're
savages you're not a savage
the helmet on so the question is who's
digging near you I feel like we're gonna
have to dig so many spots because we
don't know where oh my god oh my god
hello you please I'm not scared of these
a lot of plants over here but this is
where I think the area's reven watch
rimas on it was either here or somewhere
there are things around here see this
right this whole thing right there it
has to be around here so that's where
we're gonna check right guys this is
like a jungle like we say is it jungle
around here I've been hit with like so
much mosquitos Youssef doesn't want to
give me mosquito spray because he's like
you got to live the real jungle like I
go through this this is la guys we're
about to start digging wish us look
let's do it
everyone hands in come on Hayden Adams
family on the count of three aren't you
guys say let's do it okay all right we
got to make this we got to find this we
got a you know this is a treasure this
is something that means so much to us so
on account three let's do this sorry one
two three let's do this baby
boob like smooth legs away guys it's
gonna be a big one and I got my easy
thank somebody
this is gonna be a long long journey
papi
a few moments later come on if I keep
digging you got this come on oh good job
let's go see ya
yes boy let's go say yeah it's cool boy
yes guys do we yeah we do tell you guys
something crazy so this is what we
already found all right this thing right
here this is from years years ago so
it's use of his nickname back in the
days with splash we found splash splash
splash right here and if you notice look
this is old man really really old look
look closely on me focus it keep digging
man come on you guys got this come on
let's go honestly I don't even remember
this I remember doing this but that's
obviously me that did this is you but
even I'm traveling for any ko King my
nickname was ko came because I was in
love with boxing I wanted to become a
professional boxer hi guys are still
digging but the good thing is we did not
dig it that deep we were young so it
wasn't that deep so we could keep
looking around and a shallow we get to
find it we're still digging are you we
dug it like around this okay okay give
me your right happy be you want to go
get like water and I'm here let me see
it movie end movie n is the better after
the kiss I have to do this I have to put
my freaking head inside the sand you
guys ready I have to dig and see if it's
good there and
I guess so the reason why I'm putting my
head inside is because you never know if
you feel something and then you let it
out but it's still nothing so far I
think a fossil
oh just a little piece of rock guys Rima
bumped the whole shovel on my head but
thank God I'm wearing a helmet
let me see you watch I'm gonna head it
didn't hurt at all which one like this
is he
see this helmet protects you protection
first hi guys we're gonna have to dig
around here now here here here here
we're gonna have to dig this whole thing
what do you know sale no check what
stair technician watch out watch out oh
wow just a rock or rock alright guys we
finished digging over here
now we're digging there after this we're
gonna dig some more over here alright
guys an hour later we're digging
watch out what's up be careful is
dangerous ready be careful move legs
this can chop off a leg
no way no hidden bro oh my god oh my god
like oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god there's more stuff in here
guys look we have a rock that's the rock
that I put on our shirt we find the
frickin note like it's written in pencil
is written in defense oh my god let's go
to a different area with like all the
digging without going to this under
there under there under there we found
it right there
oh my god I remembered it was it
November 21 2005 3:42 p.m. damn so hard
to read it
this is ko king this is ko king in the
building what the hell this is your
voice blasts hello this is your voices I
can't believe my freaking eyes
2005 November 21st 2005 well that's 12
almost 12 years
oh god this is crazy mary j blige
production say production hi it's me
heaven is oldest sister our first
initials of our names and it's our first
ever production that we had we used to
make these weird like lip-synching
videos and like acting videos he's
always do video this is crazy production
let's go saddam elisa diwali if you guys
don't know Saddam Ali is southern Italy
is he's always been one of my favorite
boxers he's a yemeni boxer and i'm about
the time I think was before he's
professional he had a fight or Olympics
or something like that bow so excited
for him I even wrote his name with leg
went dead his widow says everything this
is okay for like lonely miss little icon
is the best bang bang Wow bro we're
thinking about either putting this back
in and adding something else
for us to put like I'm thinking I do me
game we would have never knew in a
million years we'd be in this position
right now those writing this I remember
writing this I don't think all my life
is just gonna be whatever normal like I
don't care but like it's crazy right
like somehow I'm like it's like man I'm
like seriously so speechless that I'm so
happy like I'm about to cry out of
happiness well now so this is what we're
gonna do we're gonna write our own oh do
me gang and we're gonna put in there and
put this in there also when you turn 18
you come and dig it it would be like 40
yourself right we would probably give me
like 30 40 years old and say I was gonna
dig in it when he's older that'll be so
funny that be hilarious
we have our paper never a pen not a
pencil like before we have a pen pen and
a paper we're gonna write some stuff and
after that we're gonna put it in back
with the old one and then maybe a couple
years later this boy right here or this
girl right here are you guys gonna dig
in look for it yes yes yes when a
teenager can keep that trend going and
all you guys don't watch it all right
guys I'm gonna write something first
August 26 2017 what's the time Adam
Stotler
smiley face do me good oh all day every
day I love you and I'm also write secret
coming
I can't time they're gonna be legendary
what the heck was that smiley face Bob
is yeah Sally Reema Sally hi guys
moment of truth we got the paper here
who got all our notes used to roll his
note too I also put my subscriber count
3.1 million subscribers used to pull his
subscriber count 105k subscriber three
months stay afloat their notes now this
is exactly what we did
12 years ago look cover it like this my
god
just like this I'll remember this we put
it inside the shirt oh this is the old
paper tube this is the new one put it in
the shirt put it in this dirty shirt and
then this is literally this is why I
remember going like this I was such a
crazy yemeni back then like that and
then we just pretty much put stand over
Wow that's it keep going take it up
thank you guys for everything you love
you guys this little note in here
just remember ease for you guys guys use
it probably it's official reason making
history right
bacon history history we're gonna come
back to you 5 10 years why do you love
me self yeah you do how much you love me
hey good I know you love me
yeah I don't see what mosquito bites oh
do me gang it is time to wrap up this
vlog I hope you all enjoy this bike if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey thank you guys so much
for the support today has been a crazy
crazy long day yeah see you guys
tomorrow do me anything you got so much
love and support
take care oh we're good watch the fight
to where you know what I have a mic
watching the kind of McGregor fight and
the Floyd Mayweather fight I personally
think Floyd Mayweather is gonna win I
don't know I just feel like I mean I box
so I think Floyd Mayweather's gonna win
Adam McGregor I love him so much but I
don't think he's gonna win unless Floyd
is in UFC then Floyd would lose in UFC
but since that's kind of McGregor is
going inside boxing he's gonna lose buzz
gonna be funfun fight so we're gonna see
how it is we're gonna watch it chill and
I'll see you guys tomorrow to me Hank
that was up it's a summer sign I'll see
ya in all day killing more not here in
the hallway
you cry yeah that's what they all say
I'm about to go missing
