guys I seriously cannot believe it this
do it it's not joking he loves my
freaking hamster you love to do me
everyone undivided attention hey guys
what's up you're doing me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day do me gang I need
to tell you guys something about the
secret project and I need every single
one of you guys to listen if you guys
want some hints so if you guys do not
know I've been working on the secret
project for the past year actually just
a little bit under a year I told you
guys a few weeks ago that I'm announcing
this secret project on September 2nd
it's August 25th today well actually
August 26 while you guys are watching so
there's about a week left for this big
big announcement and do you guys want to
know a fun fact I'm gonna tell you guys
this right now are you guys ready are
you sure you ready yes No choose one yes
say yes okay you ready you guys are
about to freak out but the fun fact is
I've already announced the secret
project in one of my past
vlogs I've announced my whole secret
project in one of my past lives and the
crazy thing is I expected at least one
of you guys to find out because a dumi
gang you guys do some crazy
investigation but not even one of you
guys noticed it donut zero and it's so
crazy because I kind of made it really
really obvious I don't know maybe it's
obvious for me and not obvious for you
guys and maybe now that I told you guys
maybe now you guys will find out or not
and I decided to tell you guys a week
before cuz I kind of felt bad that no
one noticed so who knows maybe you guys
will notice now and if anyone notices
and finds out what the secret project is
I owe you 20 bucks just like how last
year I told you guys all you guys 20
bucks if you guys know how to do this
face but it's okay don't worry only one
more week left till September 2nd also
today my secret project is officially
done and it has officially been
submitted it's so much weight off my
shoulders and I love it and having did a
lot I love it love it so much and I
cannot wait for you guys to know what it
is and I cannot wait for you guys to
have it because
this is a new chapter for me and I
cannot wait to reveal it to you guys I
know I'm hyping it up so much but this
is something big this is something new
this is something crazy I worked on this
for almost a year I have to hype it up I
have to tell you guys about it and this
is something so amazing I feel like
everything is good about this secret
project and I cannot wait for you guys
to know about it I know you guys do me
getting are gonna be so so hype about it
this is a new chapter as I keep telling
you guys this is a new chapter for me
get ready this is something really
really big and a lot of people might um
might just do the same thing that I'm
doing and also I'm 24 years old so I got
to be making big moves for you guys and
do me again I'm doing everything for you
guys do me game I rotted I do me is my
family
it was calling Hamza yo yo what's up bro
huh I do not understand the words that
are coming out of your mouth babban have
Sagat lost ha ha ha good joke say what
Lena joking say one lie you're not
joking all right this is serious so all
of it the hemp's I really got lost or
not so go find it and put it inside who
are you with ok I'm gonna I'm gonna
 literally now I was vlogging so yeah
I'll see you later ok ok bye oh my god
he's not joking because he said wallah
but it's only Hamza
only Hamza man who's home alone decides
to play with the hamster and lost a
hamster and I just calling me for help
so I'm sorry do me a you have to cut
this vlog off I have to go save the
hamster here do me so Adam sonic to the
rescue me I'm doing good new for you huh
got a box in it yeah let's go yeah you
know how was it lost to history
never have see he lost it upset look for
it yeah it's somewhere around the house
hi guys I'm here scream I think this is
the first time he's not partying ever
Adam who's that he's pranking me or
something and he said well let me get so
tight weapon what do you mean
wall of you're pranking me I'm gonna get
really mad look I percent this book so
where the hell is the hipster oh my god
man if he's strong enough to push it out
first why would you put him inside a
freaking bucket I know because I
somewhere isn't it right now mmm it's
someone else
it's someone else it was outsider no no
son could be the bottom of the dress
kind of bit oh my god why would you put
inside this frickin yeah the muscle
now what was the last time you've seen
it what does the last time you seen it
it's around the lights guys I seriously
cannot believe it this do it it's not
joking he's lost my frickin head sir
you love to do me seriously I'm so
scared for do me right out because he's
like a it's like a little rat but it can
escape who knows if it's not the house
you know what's gone right if it's time
to house that mean huh then I get it let
us check cameras too freaking for our
hamster little hamster or what day I
don't know but we have to get to the
bottom of this is he there no no look
open this one to open this one cat
wouldn't you can't open up oh man no but
the camera chief is there play over
there
yo we can't see it here we're gonna have
to move this whole couch you know that
right and you're gonna move this couch
you're gonna help me I don't get it we
try the cooker do me eat him or
something no he's got food he's not
nothing he's in my pack no he's not he's
my
thanks Karen I mean I'm gonna take care
of but you're not taking care of it
right if you're freakin lost it Roque
I'm stupid you see outside over the
phone
oh so you're too busy playing games hi
guys so we checked all over the living
room
it is not found we're gonna look all
over Hamza's room if it's still not
having his room or the other rooms and
the bathrooms we're gonna have to move
the couches and all of the furniture
because I'm literally so scared I'm see
I'm worried of like like god forbid if
like I don't know if he got squished or
something he's a little like I mean yeah
he's big and chubby but he's he's a
freaking hamster man he's a hamster do
you see Ana no keep looking big hands in
a soft again and an inside deep inside
don't close okay just go look for him
calling man okay boy you don't need the
cameras dark in there just go deep
inside and just that'll just touch
around touch it on all right now have
fun be a lost - but how's that looking
for the hams okay guys we put my kids
like 20 30 minutes right now and it's
nowhere to be found even like houses mom
and everybody's helping us out house
it's not funny help me find it where's
the cage there's not hiding inside like
under the bedding or anything oh look
this fatso could fit hide in there hi
guys so I cannot find it anywhere near
inside before we take out the furniture
I'm gonna check around the area over
here
yeah
guys it's nowhere to be found happens is
yelling my name yes faculty do you find
there not know is it there no knows
anyway here no I don't know but I have a
feeling it's somewhere in this corner I
feel like we need to move the couch a
little bit time's up
you need help me up similar say well
that's you
women oh no no no these are they moving
just don't move don't move I thought I
think all of it don't move well all
right guys how this is gonna bring a
flashlight or something with flash I
guess his phone I seen something move
just now on the camera I didn't see you
with my eyes but I saw it on the camera
and I think that has to be him
I give them ocular you find where okay
you can't see it where's he's gonna come
out right now he's heavy you sure yeah
yeah put it in the bucket put in the
bucket
times if you do this you're an OG let
him go and read and go yes
nope let it go and just grab him grab
him done oh my god thumbs up
yes yes yes yes put in them do me okay
all right you're happy I'm so sorry
gave me okay I'm sorry you scared behind
this all your fault you're for you
losing this one man yeah I'm just
sweating his butt off for the backing of
another
yes do we do do we handle a he is fine I
do me I feel so much better I'm so
hungry I didn't eat I don't wanna lose
it man he has feelings too
but do me I'm so so sorry check your
water I know Homs is the worst worst you
can pair ever do meeting I feel so so
relieved right now I'm outside breathe
in some fresh air
I did not expect myself to be stuck with
this dude always even so see him I will
see slim Nikki what cause I had to cut
it off to go save the hamster and save
this dude and I have the hoverboard
right here and I got the do me gang
shoes right here that one of you guys
give to me like right there no me this
is how we're gonna have happens that
lose some weight okay ready
el Oso dragon come on board let's go yes
keep on you got this it's the eye of the
tiger it's the thrill of the fight
rising up do the damage of arrival and
survival I don't know that word legacy
burgers on the cheeseburgers right here
oh and by the way Jamaat is writing his
disc track how aversive so bad guys
oh my god I know you're watching this
he's a stud he's listening to new this
check with this guard guys I'm so
worried what if I gain weight I keep
hanging out with this dude I'm gonna do
the opposite I'm gonna make him see fit
so after this day after we do burgers
guys I'm already done eating but look
who's still not done
let's go arms it come on that's it
that's it that's done after this is no
more eating after this is all working
out this whole week in this whole month
after we eat you gotta burn the food you
just had let's go keep going keep going
it's the eye of the tiger it's the
thrill of the fight into me gang I'm
ending the blog here because I'm gonna
be what happens at playing video games
and just chilling and tomorrow's give me
a big big day for me because I'm going
house shopping so if you guys enjoy this
vlog make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey who knows the diss track
of Jamel might be out tomorrow or the
day after tomorrow stay on the lookout
also September 2nd he's speaking to his
friends on the headphones on live ps4 me
see you guys tomorrow do me gang thank
you guys so much for I love a support
September 2nd I'll see you guys tomorrow
I like I like he's a Dumbo killing more
night here in the hallway yeah that's
what they all say I'm about to go
missing making out
