hey guys whatsup idumaean gang I hope
you're all having an amazing day because
I'm happy what oh my god what are you
doing what the heck I'm your neighbor
I just came to say hi guys this is my
neighbor Neffe my man how you doing man
do it don't do it happen he's scared he
always scares me out of nowhere he just
pops up in my house
can I could even be like half naked
he'll pop up out of nowhere and scare
the crap out name's Matthew man I'm
gonna get you home now yeah my man you
lucky I love you so much man and you're
one of my favorite favorite neighbors
but next time you scare me like that
yeah it's gonna be a fight I'm just
joking fuck yeah but ya do me yeah I'm
heading outside so not fee I'm gonna see
you go scare my brothers okay and my mom
and my dad go scare them have fun okay
All Right see you real high five see you
guys in the next shop what I swear to
God I do not plan this at all I do not
know what why don't you boys oh my god
hams Anna and Jeanette are always
partying
oh that's why you guys always blast on
my way I thought you guys just blasted
because you guys genuinely liked it so
you guys homey blast it when you see me
on the camera this is the first time we
ever I know about yourself but I'm
leaving dinner yes I am
it's okay you order like four four five
- lava cakes and two boxes of them you
know like this probably see how AB you
need to stop eating Colin already is why
are you gaining so much weight you've
been hanging out what happens it too
much that's why alright guys now I know
why you man is gaining weight because
the last video that I had with German
everyone in the comments below was
roasting Jamel to the point where he was
reading it and he told me that he wants
to roast you guys in Douma gang for
trying to call him chubby but the thing
is the reason why he's gaining weights
because all he does is hang out with
hamza how does that is your best friend
I know but you need to convince him to
not eat instead of how does that
convincing you to eat and gaining this
belly and stuff man
so remember that okay why is she
covering it up oh my god
I can't jemelle I can't let you go so do
me yeah but I can't let you wrote oh you
could do okay wait usually we're also
doing it okay guys I'm sorry Jim Allen
the roast master he said he's gonna
roast you guys huh
what are you doing guys I'm sorry but
Jamal said he's gonna roast you guys
because you guys have been violating him
in the comments
so get ready I guess for this track to
do me again you gonna roast some good
cuz cuz the last time I roasted a do me
gang everyone said I was weak out of
your softy so I guess maybe it's a good
thing for Jim answer so Rose what happen
what she did me a hug our job the
minister chakras of his life - jamele
yeah you are private dancer you're
defending elephants are not to be
he's gonna cry their friend you so
you're defending a duma gang how do you
roll dan this is getting crazy so Jamal
said he's gonna drop a diss track and
you guys have the same job at jobs in
this track he's gonna drop at this track
on Japan oh this is hot man how I'm good
just being a back chillin relaxes
hey guys show so let's eat let's eat
Hamza got Flula see
Dina is so cute and she's so small look
she got this fidget spinner right this
video spinner is really big it's like
the half of her head it's so big that
she can't even use it because their
fingers and everything is so small no no
do any hand let me see you doing here
try to use it the question come go come
on spin it so I guess it's not a pitcher
spinner just to fidget see he's been in
there yeah I'm trying to be extra man
come on I feel so bad she's so small
okay I've goes over she needs a small
and I'm gonna get you a smaller okay you
know how the hell do you do you know how
old is that for when's your birthday my
birthday I said when is your birthday do
me again welcome to summertime prank
month my next victim today is Dina and I
feel so bad because Dina I love her so
much she's so innocent but I feel like
it's time for her to get pranked because
if I can prank Rima when she was three I
can prank Dina so this is what I'm gonna
do I saw Yousef video my nephew's
effusive Salah he did a video on say
after you
that's Dina all right yeah I'll go take
care okay hold on I gotta change
okay okay huh I don't have clothes yes I
do I have to change
Hamza has all my clothes I need to
change these for now what do you know
that was so close Dina freaking came in
asking me questions they ain't got the
handcuffs were in my back pocket but yes
Yousef my nephew I saw his video where
he pretended he was going to jail in
front of say F I decided you know what
this is probably the only prank that I
can probably do on Dina for now so let's
let's do it Yousef shout out to you and
go subscribe ten times Anja man they're
in on it they're gonna help me out with
the prank so let's see it Dina I love
you do me again
hello you guys too thumbs up and let's
do this Oh if we have to show you guys
Hank
right here hey cuffs baby a few moments
later you know science warfare it's not
gonna twerk who taught you how to twerk
get mad yeah
Jamal taught you how to twerk he did Wow
why would he do that yeah he can't twerk
yeah so he doesn't know how to twerk but
he taught you how to twerk what kind of
brother is that it's okay I'm gonna Tori
can I tell you something you know
twerking is not good right you know the
police will come if you twerk right the
police will come if it's work yeah give
me five high five jump so high who
taught you how to jump your mom you know
I said yeah you can jump all right I'm
gonna go outside at work I'll see you
later okay cuz I'm part of the torch
team as you know okay so I'll see you
yeah I'll take it hopefully I don't get
caught or nothing like that okay what's
up man I'll see you guys then I'm a box
I'm at work okay oh you call doing all
right Stan look up did you not know what
stuck outside the door yeah
all right sir look we're good you're not
allowed to work in the premises
and if you keep further like this it's
definitely not working let me speak
program though let me speak to them it's
not a trip to that uh now let me just
speak to them okay Babu the police is
here doing buddy tell you want to tell
them to leave two minutes from okay can
you fight the police for me yeah why
okay then can you give me one last hug
give me one last time
Dena can each work and get arrested with
me please
why not the police said no one thing did
you tell me earlier
I got caught orchid and I'm getting
arrested now huh
mrs. he's just afraid these fifty
hyunyoung feel so bad oh my god but at
the same time she really didn't care she
was just like yeah you go hang get
caught you go but I think right now
she's probably never ever ever gonna
twerk again you still want to work huh
and that's how you get your kids stopped
I can tell the place to leave police get
out huh police is not good yeah
no police is good torquing is not good
yeah Tina's such a savage she just said
police is not good but she's not saying
twerking is not good don't worry Deena I
froze over I didn't wanted to be my list
but I have to because I just do pranks
I'm pretty mad when she was at age so I
had to do it on Deena
even though be another suite at the
biggest sweetheart she still wants it
you want to be to get her upset yeah
what Deena I just said
Deena just said yes she wanted me to get
arrested what the heck you don't care if
I get arrested
wow this sheets up just hi guys we're
gonna check up on a do me right now he's
getting bigger every single day as I
said whoever hangs out with Hamza all
they do is gain weight jama'at hung out
with him he gave away the hamsters been
in his house and hamsters gaining weight
what the hell man this is this is crazy
hey he's so cute look look is gonna
bring a net now kiss the camera
no bitch ends when he's dying speedy
shutter sweeping up hi guys this is the
first time ever
can I pick up it do me he's pretty much
like my son so I have to pick him up to
see you I do I do
maybe she's like a little cute baby baby
grabber grabber he's like a little cute
baby jet all around
I'm lucky getting worried Oh few inches
later Tina do you wanna pick it up yeah
why I thought you said you liked it you
said you liked it no it'd do me gag
we're gonna wrap up the vlog here hope
you guys enjoyed it if you did make sure
you give it a yeah thumbs up for Deena
my my princess do you know she was still
savage and she still doesn't care
because she said the police it's not
good why are you picking your nose why
do you do that what I'm vlogging you
want the world to see you pick your nose
yeah okay then I guess pick your nose so
I hope you guys enjoy black make sure
you give it a thumbs up
go Trekkie thumbs up and go Turkey and
we'll see you guys tomorrow take care
and peace I love you I'll see you not
next shot tomorrow all day killing more
not hear it in the hallway yeah that's
what they all say
I'm about to go missing
