baby come up in the back of my space
baby was topic around back babe can you
tell it hey guys what's up and do me I
hope y'all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day in Douma
gang this is my last day at the old
addage family house I don't know if I'm
gonna ever come back or I don't know if
I'm gonna come back soon but it's a
beautiful beautiful day I never showed
you guys out the windows let me show you
guys and some windows look at this look
at this dirty wretched window right here
please look outside to park that's it
this is it this is outside right now
this is beautiful to me so yeah no
leaves on the trees but it's all good
hey anyways to do me gang there is a lot
to talk about I might the head to
Hamza's house to talk to you guys about
it then after that I'm gonna go outside
do a little shopping go play some
basketball and work out for a bit so do
be game before we get the black star to
make sure you guys subscribe and put
your notifications on I appreciate
everything when you guys will subscribe
and if you didn't subscribe then that
means you're gonna have bad luck like
seven years minutes or subscribe
anyways dubium have nothing right now so
I'll see you guys in the next shop
I come to Hamzah's house and this is
what you guys do me Mom Reba white
watching my vlog you're in the vlogs
crystal tail is the second then but what
do you get with this if you guys do not
know a lot of the Addams Family to
always watch the vlogs like I don't get
it like you guys are in the vlog and
they want to listen to Hale is a secret
verse that had him distract ila who was
right here right now she does have a
secret verse that we never ever let out
but like okay the well the full on the
for one it's a my old love time old lots
of got stolen
now keep you guys updated with that
still like they're still investigating
so I'm gonna keep you guys updated oh
yes she does well first you got a thumbs
up and go turkey guys thumbs up man
30,000 thumbs up and maybe we'll add a
know where revealed the diss track then
it's gonna be harder for them to hear it
don't you want to hear it yeah okay is
it 30,000 thumbs up
Plus in a way I don't really want to
post that anymore because the bullies
already stop so it's like I can make
sense to post it but still do me a
thumbs up 30,000 maybe she has what no
friends she does have friends asked if
she said that Rima how many friends you
have you have no friends in the other
school why hold up hold up hold up Rima
you never spoke to me about not having
friends you always told me you have
friends and it'll scream oh come on I
have so many on the new school how many
friends you have yeah you do have a
friend Ramon maybe you told me I used to
you're not friends anymore because
because why oh why you're not friendly
no she's very great who's fake just a
bully her liddie was about a finger so
haul up your friend turned to a bully
yeah Jelena her name is Angelina yeah
what you try to do to you to my Tommy in
the really hurts it's used to be a
friend yeah why don't you tell the
teacher seriously man I never heard
about this but this is something that
you got to speak up you got to tell the
teachers you can't stay quiet and be
afraid and you got to tell your teachers
you stopped the teacher test she's too
nice BMO show us to teach us to keep
teaching tell the teacher hey she keeps
pushing my best I don't like that ish
man I don't like bullies what would you
tell you she's the boss
so just don't speak to her and just you
know what every month ignore her
continue on with what you're doing
you're doing amazing I'm uh you want to
do it this drag on her does she deserve
one or no man oh man kid drama Reema
yeah but still be my look everybody just
wants to like do it this track and I
know it but are you just joking yeah you
serious Evangelina say what look
yeah what unless she does that tiny spot
anytime and what do you what do you do
when she does that
well would you please my I push it back
to the oh yeah do that push it straight
back when you push it back to push back
harder okay some sands thought I know it
bully
right don't I'm not don't let no one
pull you don't know what put you know
puncher just just push you back tell
what he tell us stop tell her stop and
tell the teacher I will still not to
pull this out yeah but still remove you
got to speak out tell the teacher all
right don't worry about friends my three
mothers I want to be a snit she's like I
would abuse in this well focus on your
schoolwork and just get A's and hundreds
okay Rima always gets hundreds of eggs
maybe that's why they're hating on them
but it's all good in the hood
be good okay and to anyone out there be
good no Harvey gets bullied make sure
that speak out I don't wonder eight I
don't know what that means but have fun
the harder words a Rima hot Bob girl hi
guys so it's time to talk to you guys I
know all this drama you guys some of you
guys hate it some of you guys love it I
don't know but it always ends up coming
back to me so I'm gonna tell you guys
what's been going on so with the whole
chaos I versus Logan Paul fight like I
don't mind it if anything I want it to
happen I want to see it me too you want
to see it right yeah we all want to see
it we want to see happen I want to see
Logan Paul beat the crap out of care
side but their team's like I don't know
like Logan Paul's management team care
size management team they're all having
like issues they're talking about you
know money about the fight they pretty
much have a lot of BS have a lot of
nonsense they're not even focusing on
the boxing fight anymore all their focus
now is all about the money then I've
been focused about boxing each other
exactly that's what we must said they're
greedy I'm gonna tell you guys some
insider do me yeah that no one no one
knows about not even you guys so pretty
much kiss eyes ask him for like a lot
more money because he feels like he
needs more money because he started the
whole boxing thing bro if anything me
and Naz were the one that started the
whole boxing thing and we did it for
charity we never done it for like just
making money for yourself and my name
comes in this because the person that
care sign might be fighting is Logan or
me since I was winning the polls it's
either me or Logan I don't mind if it's
Logan I don't care if it's Logan Paul
but when you guys are having
shoes and a lot of stuff going on the
fight might not be confirmed everyone
comes to me they're like I don't this is
your chance you could fight him you can
still fight him I don't mind so I'm
speaking right now if the fight doesn't
happen if you guys are still having
issues just know I am here the fight is
guaranteed with me I'm not focused on
money and I really hope you guys
understand that I can do me getting and
if anyone who is it even my friends you
guys they even care sigh fans are Logan
fans I'm not focused on the money I'm
focused on the fight I like to fight I
like to go to war later so if anyone out
there who's talking a lot of crap about
me like oh no one cares about you Adam
you're irrelevant just know that Kisise
top two people that he might fight is me
or Logan and like this facts check the
statistics but I don't mind if it's
Logan if anything I want it to be Logan
because I feel like that'd be a great
fight but it seems like they're having
some big big issues so if they're having
issues ksi you did a tweet this was the
tweet you pretty much said you're done
with like doing boxing for views of
Logan Paul and stuff like that and
they're giving you so much trouble and
he was saying I don't want to fight him
to get their team to hit up his team you
know to make it not so much of a big
deal and so hard for them so that's why
I ended up coming back because I've seen
his tweets that they're having issues
and everyone who's tweeted me and
letting me know like I'm right here man
like I'm right here if you want to fight
the fight is guaranteed with me I'm
right here if you still want the fight
Logan I guess you guys talk it out and
make it happen but it seems like they're
not even cooperating with each other
since Logan wants more because Logan is
telling ksi that he's the bigger man
he's the bigger person on YouTube but
they care size like nope I'm the one who
started this whole boxing thing man how
about both you guys just shut up and
fight and if both you guys do not agree
then then I'm right here to fight man
I'm here I'm here for you man you should
be thankful that I'm not even hard and
I'm not focused on the money like what
you would Logan are doing and keep start
man cuz keep stirring I don't know man I
just feel like he's the one who thinks
he like owns the whole case I versus
Logan thing anything care side Logan's
management team are the ones that you
know handle all that not keemstar man
you just say news you're just Fox 5 News
you're just the Donald Trump of YouTube
also ksi if you're about it I'm here if
the fight doesn't happen to Logan I'm
here if it does I'm really really
excited I'm gonna be happy for you guys
but man make this about the boxing and
don't make it about the money man that's
that's all i'ma say I'm here man okay
what you gonna say Rima always wants to
bring in her two cents and everything
what do you wanna say well who me or
them damn Oh
who's a kids both of the oh my gosh
they're both you guys keep trading yeah
oh yeah oh pretty what the heck do we
got
yeah we do I said ha ha I'm here and
yeah let's make it happen if it doesn't
happen with Logan I'm here I'm here
biatch the Dooley gang I just got to the
city it is freezing freezing cold I've
seen a lot of tweets from you guys
telling me that Logan appall mentioned
Mina's last vlog so I'm I don't know if
I can talk like this but I'm gonna watch
his last vlog because a lot of you guys
tweeted me saying that he mentioned me
so I'm uh let's watch it outside in
public do we get it might be a little
windy while I'm watching this but let's
watch
Oh mug I'm dying wrote who the hell is
adam Sala that's true because chaos i
once again spelled my name wrong si lah
que si I know you know how to spell my
name I do it it's s ALDH solonian Paul
and your manager you guys alright who
the hell is adam salaam it's adam salah
s al eh after you guys looking for any
matter you guys will know who I am real
real soon I'm not gonna be cock here and
like that like he should know me men
because I'm pretty sure maybe he doesn't
really know me because he's over like he
has like 16 17 million subscribers I
only have almost 4 million subscribers
but that still doesn't mean anything
Logan polar manager you guys will still
know who I am and to anyone out there
saying oh my god you're irrelevant why
you feed it to going to fight why you
really want to go inside the fight I am
NOT you've seen it from kids nice text
he has my name in his mouth he mentioned
my name in his mouth he said or else I'm
gonna fight
Adam solid so it's all you haters out
there poor mad because I'm a knockout
your idol kiss I if he takes the fight
he mentioned my name he keeps mentioning
my name in his mouth Logan
Jake Adam can you do this just mean in
the middle of the gym
so you here and you see it so to anyone
out there saying irrelevant by trying to
get involved or whatever like that you
see it my name is Annette what do you
expect me to say stay quiet everyone is
staring at me out here but you know it's
all good enough that you know but yes I
do mean I've seen I watched um the video
it seems like Logan Paul is having
trouble because now they're trying to do
a 50/50 but now kiss ah I feel like not
kiss eyes scared of Logan I don't know
we don't know yet
March 18th we're gonna know and I'll
keep you guys updated with that so I'm
yeah that was my reaction to Logan Paul
saying who are you who is that well I'm
Adam Sala si le hm another youtuber I'm
the real boxing champion yeah oh yeah
that's really sad but so other news
Logan Paul Pierce I see what looks like
who are you I'll go to your fence
because he said Who and on a video has
to get millions of views so every reason
look you up you get em no no you
subscribe I don't lie I don't care about
that okay because an on board I'm saying
is between all the shit I don't know but
obviously the bigger money fight for
kiss that will be Logan so my case I
want to take a look at my butt case I
might be duck in yeah as you know his
nickname is duck so he's ducking he was
ducking me first
now he's talking about Logan Paul so I
love do yeah quack quacks ah quacking
man and get it done man also we're
talking about the faceoff with them a
Logan porque si yo yo what up man how's
it going my G what's up man how's it
going
did you see the video I can't sign long
before there's each other oh yeah yeah
oh you know one like this the case that
I got front you know he went on him hard
yeah oh my god if I was kid Simon and
someone touch me like this I don't like
bro we do it man kiss I'm and step your
game up
let no one touch you I like this man
I'll be tell you somethin touch me yeah
how does it like your movie hands bro
and oh yeah dude I'm UK but here in New
York
I don't know but I don't care if you're
Logan Paul if you touch me like this and
you go like that out of my life movie
freaking out yourself I love the way my
boys talking like you more diving again
Logan boy comedy you know he's gone if
you go to his face
yeah like kiss I'd kept moving his eyes
bro like Josh an icon said look we
didn't wrench in his eyes I know it's
stay like this you notice you know I'm
saying about the kiss mission do me gang
I just got back from a crazy crazy
workout supposed to go back to Long
Island but I'm staying here for another
night because I have a meeting tomorrow
forgot I have a meeting tomorrow anyways
do me I am ending the vlog here I hope
you guys enjoy his life we did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so much for I love as far
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and push I like
