okay this one says roasting Adam Saleh
this track has this track in it so let's
let's watch it hey guys what's up adieu
me young I hope you're having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy day
dumi getting i have a really bad cough a
really bad cold a really bad headache
and a really bad day but it's all good
because with every bad day comes an
amazing amazing day so I didn't get to
vlog today because of what happened to
me yesterday yesterday my Instagram got
hacked and also something else of mine
got hacked that I'll explain it to you
guys right now before I react to some
roasts this tracks on me and I need
everyone's full attention and I want
everyone to watch the full video because
this is really serious and it can happen
to anyone out there so do me gang I
found out how I got hacked and I'm in
the process right now of finding out who
the hacker is but let me tell you guys
how I got hacked so around four to five
days ago I was sleeping I was completely
knocked out and I got a phone call in
the morning around 10 a.m. and it was a
phone call from my phone company calling
me but I got a phone call from t-mobile
and they called me Lillehei Adam we just
got cut off the phone are you available
to talk now so in my head I'm like wait
when did I ever speak with t-mobile
never ever spoken with them and I was
half asleep in bed speaking with
t-mobile and I was telling them hey I've
never called you guys or I've never had
a convo with you guys today so customer
service with t-mobile was like yes
meaning you were just speaking and then
the phone got cut off so I called you
back so in my head I'm like wait
someone's trying to call t-mobile
pretending to be me that's the first
thing that came to my head someone's
trying to call t-mobile
to pretend to be me so they can try to
hack my number so I tell t-mobile about
I'll tell them the whole story I'm like
look someone's trying to hack me I'm on
YouTube and if you guys can can you guys
protect me and not give any information
so t-mobile was like hey Adam we're
gonna protect you we're gonna make sure
to monitor your account we're gonna give
you this big big passcode so it's
impossible for anyone to get access into
your SIM card anything or any
information that has to do with my
number so I kept speaking to them to
t-mobile and I kept telling them please
make sure everything is secured and make
sure everything is a right
and the lady told me yes a thousand
percent everything is good you have
nothing to worry about so that made me
feel a lot better and then a couple days
later which was yesterday last night
when I was with my family at the
barbecue I pulled out my phone I was
trying to make it tweet but then my
tweet wasn't going through because I saw
no service on my phone so I'm like this
is really weird why do I have no service
on my phone I'm not like in the middle
of nowhere I'm in New York City and then
I got a text from t-mobile that says hey
your number and your SIM card has been
updated to another phone t-mobile gave
away my number my SIM card to someone
else that was not even me so at the time
there was a random dude who has my
number and my sim the first thing I do
is leave my whole family and go to the
t-mobile store right away ASAP I went
all the way to the t-mobile store and I
explained to them the whole situation so
they ended up suspending the account
that this person had my number but at
the time when they suspended it my
Instagram was already hacked so this
person hacked my number and also hacked
my Instagram but if my number would have
been still with that dude for a little
longer my bank account would have gotten
hacked that's pretty much like my whole
life my identity hacked and the whole
reason why it happened was because
t-mobile gave away my whole SIM card and
my number to another random dude that
was not me and I'm not here to blame
t-mobile because who knows maybe this
guy went to t-mobile and gave like a
fake ID and pretended to be me and then
one of the t-mobile workers just gave
him the SIM card with my number or who
knows maybe the hacker is a t-mobile
worker I don't know but my management
team and my lawyers they contacted
t-mobile and now we're waiting for their
reply so I'll keep you guys updated and
that's how I pretty much got hacked I
moved to another phone company and it
kind of sucks because the fact that
someone out there is doing all this to
try to get at me and hurt me and bring
me down just makes me feel like wow like
these people have no life but having to
let everything is a right right now I
just want to do an investigation with
t-mobile to see how this happened
because I don't know if it's a random
dude that went to see mobile and I don't
know if it's a t-mobile worker at a
store but t-mobile I'm still doing an
investigation on you and I'm still
waiting on your replies so let's see
what you guys said bathroom now
everything is good I haven't it allows
just having a really bad day and I had a
really bad coffee and a headache it was
just everything at once especially that
I've vlog I daily vlog every single day
I knew some day or at least one day I
would have like a really really bad day
and I feel like that day is today I'm
had
the shittiest day ever but it's all good
I still wanna talk to you guys about I
still want to give you guys a video I do
not want to miss a day because this is
like a record for me 2017 I have not
missed one day they do me gang and I
have to focus and work on my secret
projects that I have especially the one
September 2nd I'm making the
announcement September 2nd oh do me gang
seriously you guys are the only ones
that make me feel better when you guys
tweet me comment positive stuff and make
me feel so much better so thank you guys
so so much for always you know bringing
me up whenever I feel down I appreciate
you guys and I love you guys so so much
and let's react to some people roasting
me and doing their diss tracks on me
right now so as you guys know about 10
11 months ago me and slim we were at
this phase do like this tracks and like
grossing each other and we're one time
there was like this fan who looks just
like slim and slim called him mini slim
and this person ended up like roasting
me doing it this track on me and I ended
up having like a mini Adam Sala roasting
him and then I had German roasting him
the slim was roasting me and then I
roasted slim it was a whole fun chaos
ten months ago but right now on YouTube
the whole hot topics is like this track
and roasting other people so I decided
you know what i'ma go on YouTube type in
Adam Sala getting roasted and I'm gonna
just watch videos from you guys trying
to roast me alright guys so this video
is called roasting Adam Saleh
let's watch it I hold up if this says
roasting Adam Sal why is he saying
my intro I guess I guess you know I
guess he's about to roast me so let's
see let's see why does
why he's like the instrumental music so
so loud know what I think I think this
is his first ever YouTube video and he
made a mistake putting the instrumental
music louder than his actual voice so ah
that's so so cute
it's his first ever YouTube video but
let's see if I can at least hear
something he said my hair looks like
banana cornfield and it's all like
blonde and like what the heck
your hair is blonde - homie okay this is
called Adam Sava Roast
he looks cool mr. Lawrence take you
tried it okay I give that like a like a
four out of ten he was wasn't right
because the guy that was laughing that's
what made it funny but the pictures and
stuff it was it was whatever but let's
see what else you guys got in store I'm
looking all over YouTube and there's a
lot of atom solid roasts and most of the
people that I roasted me is the do me
gang so it's all good the only do me
gang is allowed to roast me no one else
is allowed to roast me only a do me gang
okay I find another one let's see this
one is a little better oh my god I'm
dying this is a good this is what
alright I genuinely laughed at this one
I give you props to senna senna k son
okay that was really really good but you
guys always roasted me whenever i
changed my hair color so you guys need
to stop doing that because then i can't
change my hair color and i'm trying to
change my hair color tie that purple or
silver whichever color you guys won't
roast me for then i'll do it okay this
one says roasting out of sala this track
has this track in it so let's let's
watch it
hi guys it's me it's cool today i'll be
roasting
I'll be Rosie Adam so long okay
and after this rose okay I'll be crying
yeah ready for this man
Adam Sol a homie Adam Sol a Salah is
something else
this is salah Adam Saleh okay cool we
cool homey I like his confidence but
let's continue watching it oh my god
get ready he's hyping it up so let's see
four lives for the hype and also I'm
gonna hype up right now September 2nd
secret project but I'm really happy knit
up because it is really really hype for
me and it's something it's a really it's
a new chapter for me so it do me yeah I
hope you guys are ready September 2nd
but anyways let me not plug that and
let's uh watch this crazy roles that
he's about to do I swear I'm gonna beat
you up black up there after this is
gonna have a nightmare
I'll hit you with the hockey puck you
spit them to look like a dog and
something I did that let you know that
you served would know don't be sad you
can't afford me iPad I guess he's right
I don't even have an iPad I have an
iPhone does that does that count
I'm a girl you can welcome mat oh oh I
got right here
roasted Adam sutler how cool is that
people fans oh alright one thing I love
about this kid is his confidence he's so
confident so I give him that but that
roast man like you're about to make me
beat you mad man seriously oh do me
ain't anyone that roast me that does it
this track on me that tries to violate
me I never come back at them I always
let gem man handle my light work Jamaat
can always handle my light work by doing
them diss tracks because for me I feel
like this track will take me just like
five minutes to write it and just to let
it out I feel like I'd rather make music
where you guys would actually listen so
anyone who this is me out or tries to
roast me juh man he's the first one to
always come out there and have my back
so you guys do me yeah you guys would
always have my back to it do me gang
this is the end of the video I really
hope you guys still enjoy this video to
everyone that's watching it do me gang
all my rotted I do Me's can you guys
please give this vlog a thumbs up I just
want to see how many thumbs up I would
still get even though I'm having like a
really shitty bad day so do me a go my
writer dies if you guys are writing that
do me give this vlog a thumbs up I would
truly truly appreciate it once again I'm
so sorry this vlog had to be me sitting
there and talking but tomorrow will be a
new vlog in September 2nd will be the
announcement that I'm making so be ready
do me I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace I love you and just
remember if you're ever having a bad day
if you ever feel like crap a beautiful
positive amazing moment is gonna happen
in your life a lot of better days will
come to your life so just remember that
I love you guys so much and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
you cry yeah that's what they all say
I'm about to go mrs. taking out a gang
got myself in this position
always got an attitude never showing
gratitude always wanna talk but she
never wanna listen oh hey I'm gonna do
