Illuminati does scare me Baba yes gig
videos what's the hell hey guys what's
up and do me gank I hope you are having
an amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy then do me gang I have a little
cold for some reason I feel really
really cold and cozy and my nose has
been running and stuff but today is
still gonna be an amazing positive day
because I'm in Toronto Canada CN tower
that's what we're going today also the
mini challenge for today's video is
gonna be it there I'm just gonna have to
do it there so I'll see you guys in the
next shot alright guys we're here near
the CN Tower
but the homie Monique Eve and Vikas so I
gotta tell you guys in every vlog now I
do a challenge at the beginning of the
videos right today's challenge is a dare
from one of you guys that I got to do
here
one of us do your day no we give him I
did yeah oh we give them at their you
guys have I give me they're nothing like
though please we can't do this for you
guys we're entertainment oh just give us
a couple minutes we got you yeah a
couple minutes time a few moments later
alright guys what is inning so do you
see that blonde woman sitting by the
bench over there yeah yeah
so your gloves were Oh
you're gonna tell her she's a baby mama
yeah you got my signature great Mama's
here where's the kid welcome I need to
go home okay
all right I got to go look for my big
mouth yeah okay baby are you are you my
baby mama are you my baby mama is your
name Stacy I'm the baby daddy yeah no no
I'm the baby daddy yes you remember me
get my baby mama how you doing nice to
meet you become have a senior's like
five years you left me here you came to
Canada I came over from New York you
remember me do I look like your baby
daddy
probably yes I probably have maybe that
field is my solution I'm just I'm just a
guy I did oh my god you're crazy I'm got
she said that was a big Daddy I actually
found my baby she just loved work school
work what's your name Jessica that's a
good nice to meet you Jessica Wow guys
I'm making them more and more in love
with Canada amazing Toronto is such an
amazing city you're so nice and I love
it so much
the Canadian is the America that
Americans bumping into each other I'm
gonna do want to get me that Canadians
bumping at each other I'm so sorry so
sorry I'm so sorry so sorry it's my
fault I don't know I'm happy for gonna
hear he might try to call you I love you
so much take care yeah such amazing
human we're just here doing some tours
yourself going around the CN Tower
trying to make my homies from New York
City enjoy their time in Toronto ha ha
no I'm a joint man loving this amazing
running that's an incredible even the
police are really really nice yeah
really cool
myself in order thank you so much this
guy's got lots of a new york city cop in
the canadian cup new york city cops
hey man what are you doing come over
don't look at putting his money back
your hands behind back again he resisted
arrest he's resisting arrest getting get
on the floor get out what are you doing
Keene 82 cops I'm sorry right you keep
my phone man just keep my phone just
have my phone yet just keep it that's it
by the way look at my head right here
let's cool right
swept are you serious again oh good
brother
he just took you guys ice cap this guy
just ordered three all right guys so
nipple aslim they're not here I believe
slim is that nipples placed somewhere
like that no we're about to meet up with
them and we need to know where they are
but we're gonna butt-dial nipple we're
gonna do it in the middle of Toronto
right here like around everyone so we're
gonna quote unquote 4,000 on purpose I'm
gonna act like it was a butt dial and
just like talk like you know just like
talk bad about him as if we don't know
we called him in the Syriac go I'm
ringing all right guys we're gonna try
this on slimmer
within
trash old angry I don't get it man I
know broke like it's a boat anchor
listen you go roll he's so whacking
basketball it was so funny stick yeah we
got it huh I think need to talk tomorrow
he's getting to it we I just feel like I
just feel like you need some Brahimi's a
broad enough I'm sorry see over here so
nice man I love candid everything's just
nice and free made oh man okay what's
her name
Monty might add a nice to meet you man
why you why you guys a canvas a nice
look already having some more can you
put on all you can handle
have you heard about all you can handle
the song featuring DeMarco huh it's a
song it's called all you can handle it
comes October first
what all right guys we're back at our
place we're gonna be slimming nipple in
a few I just want to give you a huge
thank you to everyone out there who
showed so much love so much support for
just the trailer of all you can handle
now it's time for the big big days which
is the pre-order day September 24th and
isover first
I cannot hand in that way yes you watch
this that's why you're walking right now
this is all about that what else but all
you can handle music video I talk first
and pure already gonna show this for
this vlog this yeah what is it
so it's a random video of our YouTube
which some that exposes you bro you get
exposed yo should you shoot it first but
I thought they exposed what is that son
what that expose Illuminati what the
hell yeah guys why you did that's a
video that's what that he news asking
you about Illuminati because the
Illuminati emailed him and Illuminati
even emails me which is so scary
and so weird are you part of loominatee
look at home filming video like this
yeah this is what the heck and they said
that other youtubers in it and I was
thinking about you could you reacted
fishies hell lightning he's about to
make a connection man hey you know this
guy that made picture might expose you
yeah Illuminati does scare me mama yes
you're big videos like what the hell
here we go man what the hiding 66 like
cooking what I so luminaries what this
is so fake
so weird expose Minh one of them hitting
will coach you what a country item
what's that what's wrong with doing
what's wrong with going like that this
part look cool give sunglasses have a
triangle what I didn't miss a few of the
trailers relaxes on what the heck's that
the case well that's so that's so weird
that's like saying oh my god you're
wearing a hat and the why here
shake your Illuminati I mean this is
this guy saying damn it I can't believe
people actually make videos like that
was I mean I expose it just like I'm
sorry minute right now guys I got
exposed mins to say I'm going to say
that Illuminati is but yes we can say
because that may be because they chase
us when they come to us no I'm not
yeah but I'm like I'm gonna I'm not I'm
not scared of nothing
come out I'm scared of us god that's it
my skin is ready yeah Punk weirdos what
the the fact that they put what keep
calm and subscribe to my channel is
that's a people doing the comments below
like a hand we've asked for likes but I
like this comment okay so you know what
but let this video guys didn't have to
do that
hey guys I hope he lasts likes like I
hate it so much but give this video like
I'm on so I can get as much likes you
know do me gonna get it's time to wrap
up this vlog I hope you all enjoyed this
life if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey thank you guys
so much for your love and support
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care
peace in all day guillain-barr√© night
here in the hallway
then see you cry yeah that's what they
all say I'm about to go missing taking
out a gang got myself in this position
always got an attitude never show my
gratitude always oh my
