have you ever smoked I mean yo hey do me
gang this is about to be a crazy crazy
challenge so as you guys know a month or
two ago I was doing this Addams Family
Challenge week why are you picking your
nose and saying I don't care
stop being so ratchet yeah as I was
saying I was supposed to do this
challenge with just Jamel but then the
whole family came through so I'm like
you know what why not let's do the never
have I ever challenged school edition
with the whole family and low-key the
reason why do this because I just want
to know if they've done stuff and if
they didn't you guys have to be 100%
honest with every single question okay
REME are you gonna be honest Jamel are
you gonna be honest
twice right here Mawson are you gonna be
honest yeah Dean are you gonna be honest
okay I'm mainly curious with Rima and
Jim Adil with this challenge so it's
about to get wild Rima here's your's
- mine is yours Mawson you probably
don't understand we're saying Dina you
don't care by the way I'm wearing my
Dominican Republic shirt so shoutout to
dr i miss Dominican right are you guys
ready okay the first question is have
you ever cheated on a test come on
you've cheated on a test did you pass
man this guy is Dina wouldn't have you
ever fell asleep in class Bri was such a
teacher's pet Remus are you telling me
you've never ever slept in class damn
Bri was just snitching on her friends
have you ever had detention tonight
jemelle turn around turn your paper
around you had detention have you ever
been bullied Oh
you've never been bullied yeah okay
have you ever bullied someone alright
that's good I like that Jamaat see
Jamaat is classy man have you ever
smoked I mean yo as good as it
you met a tell me you're joking and you
better turn that around so whenever
you're jokin
I could guys these kids so crazy have
you ever had a fight in school
dianna many times I guess Moslems come
now where you go on you know where you
going
they know I guess it's just us what do
you guys fight about girl problems you
having girl problems off your bat for
you son I got 99 problems but up have
you ever cursed at the teacher as good I
like that that's good class I like that
like this my friend it's not a joke have
you ever had a crush on someone in your
class I have I have you never had a
crush yeah look me in the eyes and say
you've never had a crush in your class
never 100 your blinkin mmm-hmm you're
blinking how many crushes have you had
okay the next question has anyone ever
had a crush on you
never no one's ever had a crush on me oh
my god what's yeah never bloom Maskull
had a crush on you have you ever told
someone I love you
pretty mother's has never every time
Japan who'd you say - yes give us would
you I was young
that was your eighth wait a minute
you're young and stupid young can stupid
damn Reema always has like never have
you ever been good to the teacher I'm
joking I just said that so you could buy
hats never I don't have you ever stuck
gum under the desk let me go go my
school have you ever ate gum from under
the desk I have a mic Amaya I was young
and stupid he knows it have you ever
took a pooping in school I had so many
times inside the classroom no not in the
classroom in the bathroom on the school
I never did I never really liked though
it's like public bathrooms Oh have you
ever went to the bathroom and did it
wash your hands I mean never wash your
hands you got to wash your hands no
don't you never eyes good I always wash
my hands have you ever been in love I'm
saying of course Adam like don't
question no I don't don't say that from
now on like I started like couple days
ago I'm never gonna have a crush again
unless I want to marry her that's it
have you ever shoplifted like damn
little kids these days have you ever
like stole chapstick is to eat them what
demand what what don't do that
have you ever kissed a girl what's your
name my god you ready no oh come on I
wanna know I can't know all that it was
like like five girls it oh okay I know a
lotta girlies thing cuz I don't know
which one do you like kiss Sam Wow
uh-huh
and you guys and I'm married now you
guys got to be honest with this one
right
be honest all right don't lie this one
you to remarket have you ever farted any
class oh my god what the hell who the
heck are those you blame his whose is it
that the boy that doesn't like that said
he doesn't like you I'm pretty sure he
has a crush on I'm just saying
have you ever kissed a boy have you ever
skipped class oh yeah all day and they
look comfortable thank the kids in this
generation is like like I've never like
even thought about skipping class until
I was like 16 17 8 this dude is eight
guys pretty hands up let's make some dr4
Jamel inshallah Jamel passes all classes
inshallah German doesn't skip class I
mean have you ever lied to the teacher
the next question is have you ever lied
to Uncle Adam no you better lied to me
yeah have you ever lied to me I love how
honest you have to care of it I'm done
with the challenge I'm thirsty done
I'm done I can't can't take it I have no
more questions what do you mean to do
I've thought of like those all the
questions that I thought of so many
questions did you ever use a list of
acoustic like chops back you ever rip of
paper at school ever a puncher teacher
did you ever paint it in the bathroom in
the floor did you ever um spill spill
the garbage inside the bathroom oh no
I'm Susie Dunn I can't I can't I can't
take it no more like hi guys I'm done
with this challenge vas so much fun and
I really hope you guys have fun too
so do me gang if you guys enjoyed this
video make sure you smash that like
button fill all your classes you don't
want to take that risk
do it yeah thank you guys so much for
watching subscribe for daily videos put
your notifications on I upload every
single day I have not ever choose the
notification on I don't give them a
shadow all right sounds like a plan well
it has a notification do be gay i'ma see
you guys tomorrow
take care I love you I love you I'm
about to go mrs. taking outta get got
myself in this position
always
attitude never showing gratitude always
wanna talk but you never wanna listen
oh hey I'm gonna do my way gonna scoop
James and hit the highway now somebody I
can call my face hit my new thing said
I'm on my way
