you can have the handle beyond
hey guys what's up you're dooming yang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day first of
all I'll give you huge shout out to my
mom right here laying down next to me
who got off the phone because she's on
the phone 24/7
high-five I'm also a huge shout out to
do me going thank you guys so so much
for getting 30,000 thumbs up these
noodles right here are not going to be
gone so thank you guys so much here's a
shout out from my hair to you guys see I
just want to say thank you guys so much
for keeping me alive you guys saved my
hair I appreciate it thank you hope you
guys enjoyed that message from my hair
but do me gang guess what
summertime prank week is here and it
starts today so I hope you guys are
ready I'm going to let you guys know
what I'm doing today so as you guys know
yesterday I told Rima if the video gets
thirty thousand thumbs up I'm gonna cut
her hair so this is what I'm going to do
I'm going to go to a workshop by the
same color hair as Rima carry you with
me go to have his house because Reema's
there grab some scissors and pretend I
cut her hair because she loves her hair
so so much we're going to see how she
reacts so let's go buy some hair it's
going to be really awkward for me to be
at the wig shop especially with my hair
like this alone so we're gonna see how
it goes
thumbs up and hope you guys are ready
for summertime prank week and I'll see
you guys in the next shop hi guys I'm at
the wig shop this is so awkward look how
many wigs are here look at this - whoa
tightly how you doing yeah I like that
gray hair I got to find color hair
assist Rima okay maybe no I don't know
right there I think this is real right
here this right here let me snatch your
weave off this right here is Rima
definitely I'm pranking money I'm
pretending I'm cutting your hair ah yeah
I'm the best uncle ever thank you
hi guys I got this right here are you
this sorry Kylie thank you so much
all right guys I'm waiting for my uber
right now I should have never wore the
color red so if you guys do not know I
kind of live in like an area where you
know pretty much the hood it's called
Harlem I never speak about where I live
I live in Harlem I grew up in Harlem
that's why I was pretty much a bad boy
and I still in a little bit but it's not
good to wear the color red because a lot
of like gang members who are in the
blood gang like start staring at you and
thinking you're in that gang and they
start coming to you and if you're like
false claiming and pretending to be in a
gang since you're wearing that color
it's kind of confusing messed up but I
need to get them over because something
happens you know I was there I'm sorry
fighting and imma get in trouble and
it's not that good I'm just the boy who
grew up in the hood I'm trying to make
it out there Adam yeah oh yes thank you
thank you very low
hi Remo are you doing okay Robin let's
keep it now by again you are Wow miss
you so much Riva your hair looks
beautiful what did you hear Haley's mom
really all it looks so nice to me I'm it
Hamlet Highness house I just dropped by
because I had to give Remo some clothes
she's sleeping over here a couple more
days
thank you you're welcome high five just
keep it over for how long do you need my
day three more days so you're leaving me
in a ring okay clear locks oh sorry
oh hi wow you look so pretty you got the
polka dot dress on I can see that shit
oh sorry girls
then all southeaster haha dead sighs you
guys know it's always lit and have that
in Hannah's house so let's turn up
wanted in are you guys ready
hey Adam family
you already know oh it's a party here it
has the and hangs out with the Addams
Family
we're not going to party too hard
because the neighbors are going to end
up come on crazy so you guys can go play
your video games cuz you guys do
probably video games you like the most
you guys oh that's okay imma call of
duty - okay oh yeah yes and the
educators that we wel champion you know
Mia house it brings a lot of games will
kiss appearing in wrestling or calls OD
emotion Iraq and causes video DJ madness
and arrest me what about you what game
do you like
you like dargah goose on there right now
it's time video games take over the
bathroom taking a poop take up the hair
and this is there's Thomas at the camera
and then pretend to cut me move here so
let's see how it goes Rima I love you
but you wanted to cut my hair you
betrayed me you were on my side and you
made me sad so this is payback and this
is just the beginning some suffering all
this thing is powerful and we're
saluting plastic to the use of such an
idiot
can you sit what the hell how much hair
it is look at this professional hair
stylist Adam this is just like being
with her Aragon keep the scissors in the
hair here I'm gonna go set up the camera
I'm going to come
and some people here a few moments later
on top 30 salad
you ain't here but what about you get it
look if you go back okay go check the
mirror right there you're we watch
yourself bitch you love to hell no sorry
I'm sorry
you want to come I hear ya I go get
scissors besides you be kinda what Reba
now make here know you love me a little
but I see you ain't gettin no scissors
letting me hang it up and line up and
how you know what would you give it a
scissors
Oh five year olds my laptop to this most
weight stuff
stop why am i hiding from a
five-year-old should another number
three months huh hi no I know my side or
me my side
Wow I don't want someone here to be cut
you think you know me that kind of a
business
I'm gonna call you don't have a cache or
the big hair who's using her look this
is the big hair I know that you had okay
so I want to come out here and you see
that boy and met me you maybe do I cut
the no is this girl look no hang out
with cut with fake hair sorry okay
Sardar come on shirt nomicon your hair
for it has a head job on okay card hair
Remo okay yeah I'm an idiot
so you got it wrong I'm a professional
idiot that's a damn pizza
Reva felt yarn whose team Wow Wow
Bremen Watson on their dad's team how
does it hide it on themselves me I think
Japan is on my team and Dina
so major Valentina versus Mawson Rima
time look at it relics a mellow we can
all senses do me Jay I got her so good
she literally faux fur so just for that
thumbs up can we get 50,000 thumbs up
and if we get 50,000 something if we
have 50,000 thumbs up hiders hair is
gonna get cut next now actually actually
I can't color hair because she's sure
the head job I McGinnis how many anyway
well hey I'm gonna get in trouble I
can't car here comes up here I already
come here no yeah oh you call it a shake
Bridget has bothered you talking to like
that make
you know I'm being a jamel exactly oh
yes we you must be crazy manager King
roastmaster man in my house
come on Raven here come on
yes I'm leaving yeah not you too Tommy
to leave on my car no they cannot
we got Remo good I got my hair oh you
look pretty butt naked a single separate
ways oh okay fucking all day killing or
not here in a hard way she beckons me
your cry get us what they are
