I change the whole time I tell my talk
time out Buster what he's doing there my
hair what you can have that'll be on my
way
I'll really care if you crying under
really should've never fly should have
sought a wish you look me in my eye she
said baby I am not afraid to die
push me to the edge oh my goodness
hey guys I hope you all having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy do me gang we're heading to Hamza
and hide his house to go check up on my
hamster or do me and also Reema keeps
telling me she wants to go and see Hilah
so we're gonna go and see Hilah and I do
me alright guys I got some bad news
Reema cannot come with me to see Hilah
because she has to wait here Arabic
teacher is coming her mother and father
just told me that her Arabic teacher is
coming and she needs to learn Arabic so
Reema I'm sorry
I'll see you when I'm back I'll come
back to you okay I have to go check up
on the handsome I'll come back okay okay
I'm going to go check up on the hand so
come back your teachers coming and your
Arabic teacher is coming guys I know
exactly what feeling they're happy right
now it's the most annoying feeling ever
when you're out to go play and hang out
and then you have to stay because your
teacher has to come and teach you
especially when it's summertime but the
thing is here in America like Arabs and
Muslims kids it's really hard for them
to learn Arabic especially like with
like me when I grew up I only learned RV
because my mom bought I thank her so
much for bringing me like RV teachers to
teach me Arabic and teach me the Quran
sorry mom
come here give me a hug you're going to
thank your parents in a few years
come give me how she wants to run away
she's running away she's gone bye Rima
Walton
I guess it's just me you left but yeah
that's the most annoying feeling ever
I miss you guys in the next shot adieu
me gang change of plans
I decided to wait for Rima because I
felt bad first she was sad and she had
to be stuck with Arabic teacher and it's
a beautiful sunny day outside so I'm
going to wait for it and I wanted to
update you guys about the drama between
me and mr. Keane starts basically
back himself up by saying he's not a
racist and the way he did that is by
making a video and saying I have ballers
and goodbye
I know m-i-a m-i-a is amazing first of
all mi is not an Arab she's true Lanka
that right there already proves that
he's racist and he's trying to back
himself up and trying to make himself
look like he's not racist he always
tries to act like he's mr. right and
that mr. perfect you need to stop
running your mouth about me
stop trying to claim you know everything
you do not know everything you don't
know shit bro you don't know nothing get
educated first and then you can speak up
okay and by the way do me I'm so so
sorry that you guys have to get involved
with this but thank you guys so so much
for sticking with me and calling out
this stupid prick so thank you guys so
much you do me hanging I love you guys
and I'm going to continue the vlog I
love you love you so much
also everyone is telling me to do this
track do this track but I'm not going to
waste my time doing a diss track because
I'm too focused on the on the Seger
project my secret project it means so
much to me and I don't want to like ruin
it by doing it this track or waste my
time on someone so I cannot wait to
temer second my big announcement about
my secret project I hope you guys are
ready love and don't do it don't do it
kind of a down hill don't do it I'm
telling you I'll be here if you do okay
be careful my downhill downhill you
crazy driving downhill muffin designer
all people across the sector help
Quintana
what do you want to get what do you want
to get tips what okay cookie doing all
those okay okay I'm moving out of the
kid I nice to get so many chips the mom
was like no you can't get that I'll get
so angry and I was returning back like
oh oh so I know that feeling
so since I know that feeling I let
Bremen mustn get whatever they want I
spoil them a Magon life I always thought
it was kind of a bad thing but at the
same time you can have it yes
ha community no I can't say no when you
say please sister how can things
okay yeah of course nobody haha I'm full
president do me gang we just got back
from our side and we had an amazing
amazing day I want to give a huge shout
out to my family my mother's s women
laughing yeah
Robyn what you guys doing because re
shake your head beyond oh wow okay go
ahead
going desktop against the wall what's
our going on I should just hit my sister
a chum muffin chill bro chill out Ross
and tell man yes where I know you bet I
know you love you daddy
okay I'll give some lectures the whole
of time I tell my son come out what's he
doing there my hair what what's wise my
own sir I'll stop stop stop I am white
my own family doing this what's wrong
what did I do that was wrong huh I was
too tight Rima
you're shaking
yep those your idea Rima wasn't my idea
yeah who cares my dad yeah but still
grandpa what don't blame my dad it's you
Remo this girl's legit Hank off for me
right now I don't even know what's going
on I'm a freakin Maccabi right now what
are you guys doing take this off me
yeah we have to hit here I'm gonna be in
trouble
who's gonna be in trouble yeah stop it
what's wrong with you huh a lil another
ocarina before y'all come here
stop relax but before you got Connie
here can I speak to you guys okay can
you put the thing up so I can speak
right put this thing on our face on okay
okay good just get off me man
then the carb is back on me take it off
okay I won't go let me can I say okay
let me tell you guys this wasn't my idea
Reema I don't even know why you're doing
this this was your idea too
aha just give me one chance just give me
one agreement please okay okay okay
can I say the agreement what okay can
you just can you put this thing off fire
hi the agreement is this okay okay all
right do me again if I do me again can
get thirty thousand thumbs up then I
don't have to get my head shaved
and if they don't get thirty thousand
thumbs up in 24 hours then you guys can
shave my head is that is that all right
yeah why okay yes please
okay okay okay can I speak to me again
now okay do me again please I never
really asked for like likes this much or
anything but please I beg you guys I
never Bank I beg you guys thumbs up this
video I don't want to shave my hair I've
been going my hair for like a year now
please all I need you guys to do it do
me game it's thumbs up just thumbs up
going to dance yeah yeah so do me a few
guys can you get 30,000 thumbs up in 24
hours then they won't shave my head 30
doesn't comes up three hours 20 hours
other 24 hours
what what with all of this
thank you what the hell's gloves what
are you brush my teeth well what's wrong
my teeth are good Hey
okay do me yeah I am back and I'm safe
right now
I tweeted out a couple hours ago for you
guys to tweet me some fan accounts that
you guys have of me and I'm going to
react to them because seriously your
doom again you guys make the best the
funniest the coolest fan accounts on
Instagram and on Twitter and just know I
see every single one of them and I love
them so so much and I appreciate it so
much when you guys make fan accounts
does it mean so much mean it's so cute
okay so this fan account is called facts
of Slatter
so I'm guessing it's facts about me and
slim and I want to go on it right now
just to see if every fact is true all
her bio is really really cute as I stand
a professional idiot named Adam and a
giraffe named slim okay one of the
pictures that says Adams black screen is
a picture of Muhsin that's true picture
Muhsin another post says Adam admits
that he's a softy slim and Nas hate that
about him
that's another true fact slim and not
hate it when I'm a softie
they love it when I'm a savage but for
me I like being normal like I just
myself I'm usually softly sometimes but
when it comes out Savage Adam comes out
hi guys I look through her whole
Instagram her whole facts and literally
every single fact it's true I couldn't
find the fact that's not true so you're
good shout out to you girl have fun dad
this is a fan account called do me gang
underscore and it says I see no
difference I don't see a difference
either because muslin is a bad boy and
I'm a bad boy sometimes but do me gang
this is what I mean by you guys making
the funniest the craziest fan accounts
there's a fan account called small head
Adam and every single post you guys
shrunk my head like literally shrunk my
head in every single picture there's
even a fan account called big head Adam
and you guys just over sized my head in
every single post that's really really
weird but at the same time it's really
really cool and I love it so this fan
account was called Adams vane this fan
account is dedicated to the vein on my
forehead it's shaped like a V my mom
always makes fun of me for my vein on my
head she's always like it looks like
you're taking a poop it looks like
you're constipated but I don't know
whenever I speak or a5 or like I'm
walking or like
I'm carrying someone I always have a
vein on my head and it's like the shape
of V okay so this fan account sounds
cool says I stalk Adam Saleh let's go
see one of the posts right now if your
age is on the clock you're too young for
thank you guys so much to do me like for
always making Santa council for always
supporting me it's always being so
dedicated and passionate it truly means
the world seriously thank you guys so so
much like the stuff I do I do it out of
my heart I don't really care how many
people watch myself all I care about is
you guys and giving you guys the best I
can do so this sigue project that's
coming up is like the best that I want
to do for you guys it's like a new
chapter so do me Aang I hope you guys
are ready thank you guys once again you
guys enjoyed the vlog make sure you give
it a thumbs up and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care Oh piss hello hey what in all
day killing are not here in the hallway
thank you husbands need your cry yeah
that's what they all say I'm about to go
missus taking out
