and butters today album seller uploaded
a video titled Rocha shot them it's not
that man astonish get right astonish
battle be your mother
hey guys of Adam again I hope you all
having an amazing day if I'm having an
amazing day you all Joe having an
amazing happy face so guys Adam
sleeping's behind the me right now
something to go with come on I don't
right now oh let me sleep no on a door
of love I had a tie a tie something
pushing outside
well if you push it outside push here's
where she would rush
haha I know crush my cross fuck
assignment funny was my crush
he's a river blind until they're to be
invisible
she's invisible get back and go back to
sleep
you're crazy yo going back to sleep oh
what's wrong with you I could smack me
you're so mean okay God
Adam just woke up so machines in this
shop do me gang
I'm with Moses he's crying right now
because he doesn't want to go to a
teacher I don't know why but he hates
getting taught or having a teacher the
teachers good Mawson moslem love him
don't make it escape you're making it
look oh my god come on we head up this
don't move
midget spinner wow this is the job
wasn't Wow hope to show me crying
like you in the crabbing show me eating
what do you put on your feet
tell me what do you put on your feet can
you point to the shoe can you point the
keys go to those no desu now tell me
tell me should see it
thank you but it'll get as she was
getting bring it here which I know good
job which I show me your teeth
where's your lip where's your arm good
job
a doobie gang let me tell you guys what
happened because I'm so so scared right
now
and I'm outside with muslin and remote
so there that 'ibraheem which is my
older brother
Abe as you guys know he has a big long
beard so remind my dad they came up with
the idea to shave his beard because my
dad like he's sick of it because my
older brother always shows off with it
tries to make it a cool style so they
shaved his beard all I did was recorded
and I magnin lie I involved the little
scissors after because they didn't
really do like a good job positive huh
and I just like saks Yuri mom she's a
sad sad because she is a seven I mean I
helped out a little I'm not going to lie
but I didn't really like come up with
that whole idea and everything like that
but right now I was like I remember back
in the days like 10-15 years ago me my
older brother would have like these
fights like brotherly fights and it's
happening again like a big brotherly
kind of fight and it's kind of like
weird because right now he's at the
barbershop I don't know what he's doing
and I'm with his kids so if he does
anything
I got his kids at hostage so faith tries
to do something
I got his kids on hostage is that right
yeah so since I got the whole video
recorded I'm going to post it on my main
channel tomorrow at 12:30 p.m. Eastern
time to 12:30 p.m. it's early upload on
my main channel get ready
tomorrow's to see my brother beard list
I haven't seen him without a beard for
like four years and I'm going to see him
later so you guys are not going to see
him in the vlog beer list but you guys
will see him in tomorrow's main Channel
video beardless why do you do it Lima is
so conscious too big but seriously I
cannot wait to show you guys the video
it's going to be really really funny
because my dad and Remo the ones that
did the prank it wasn't really me
usually I'm always the one in charge I
just really like I just meant toward
them there were just someone
that did it but he's believing me now he
wants to beat me up he threatened me he
said he's going to shave my whole head
off but I told him if you shaved my head
off
Meena more literally gonna fight like
I'm not even joking we're literally
gonna fight here I'm legit gonna fight
your father
like literally I will fight if you shave
my head babe if usually my lucky man if
you shave my it is over it game over
I will do it you're in your head I will
do it guys Kalama six to zero I got so
brought out Reema's bike home Austin
wants to ride it because I don't know he
doesn't have a bike maybe I should get
him a bike hey Bert okay let's go to
Mickey right he looks so funny when he
drives again so shorty look at this why
you think a girl bike bro
bacon girl bike look at this this and by
the way guys I texted my brother I told
them to come meet me here because he's
been calling me so much then where you
at where you asked if you wants to know
where it's kids that not told them that
hostage prospect there I said comes over
here and you can see your kids and the
reason why I'm gonna make you me me here
because he can't do anything to me you
can't fight me outside or anything so
he's coming through in a few hi guys my
older brother's here was good yo
expression I knew both engines I'm not
going to show you up for the live I'm
sure to meet just my barber was
screaming the boy from seeing what
happened she had beer yo he looks like
beer over yo my Twitter it give you
another boy this I like that yo you're
like me sir zero haha hi guys I think
everything is alright right now but he
is going to try to get me because I know
him so well he's my brother he's going
to try to get me but I did him a favor
he looked like four or five years
younger he looks more like he looked
like me I'm a Dunkin Donuts right now in
Boston
it's tripping out what's up with your
son man
what's up with his son is mentally crazy
like Anka my hands are like you why are
you I can a copywriter huh I want nobody
seeing it okay what would come plug-in
is right there is the way doing where he
wouldn't do this
Alexa past 10 minutes not even joking
we're leaving bye come okay come back
come back
Nancy I don't care my dad's already with
this house never I was never this bad
when I was two it dude is another level
bad like who takes all the shirt and
Dougie Dona dances all over the floors
in ombre we're having aa Camden knows
he's doing it today out of Sela
uploading video titled Rocha shot them
next time man it's Thomas get it right
astonish thank you tuber I've ever met
now in the video help Stella says he was
at some youtuber party and cants I was
down the Seidman were there and
apparently Harry wrote to shop ran up to
a pin tuck a picture at window Delta I
know it's obvious I knew it I knew it I
knew it before I even watch this I knew
he's already gonna laugh and take
wroetoshaw side because he's always
against me and he's always so so biased
no I forgive me
don't know the backstory ever sell out
like I think there's like a year ago he
was on a Delta flight him and his friend
as fling shadier what about his Davis
we're on the plate and they were joking
around saying some mean back and forth
it's screaming it on the plane in a
different language so that other
passengers complained about it and they
got escorted off the plane and then Adam
Sela lied to everyone and made a video
saying that he was getting kicked off
the plane just because he was speaking
Arabic which was proven not to be true
so this is why Rosa Shaw was can you
like give me five minutes that's all of
me huh I love you too all right okay so
this is one thing that I really hate
about keemstar so if you guys do not
know this keemstar he's a news channel
on YouTube he's pretty much like the Fox
5 News of YouTube he's like those news
channel people that would like hate on
Muslims and make Muslims look bad and
stuff like that he's pretty much the
Donald Trump of YouTube because he loves
Donald Trump and he praises Donald Trump
and I believe one of the reasons why he
hates me so much is because I hate
Donald Trump and I always make videos
going against Donald Trump and Donald
Trump is like his idol there's a big
difference between him and scarce which
is another news channel scared he
covered my story but he just covered it
in a normal way he just said the story
so you guys do Adam say Lea this guy is
very well known YouTube library has 3
million subscribers and he just made a
video where he says that Rosa Shaw is
the fakest youtuber he is ever menu
actually talked a lot of shit to Rosa
show on this video and until I began to
work the show I see the guy that made
that case I suck this track that did
insane recently and this guy has 10
million subscribers so Adam sail is
calling him out saying that he's a super
fake youtuber he says here that wrote
the show went up to him and actually
acted like he was a fan took a selfie
with Adam Stella and then he posted it
on Twitter and started talking shit
about Adam sella and for an experience
day with keemstar he says a story but
then he's also really really bites me
and TAS I was there and the Seidman were
there and apparently Harry wrote to Shaw
ran up to him and took a picture and
tweeted out stuff Delta
and it's not just me it's so many other
youtubers who that he's always so buy
used to and it's really really annoying
this dude is explaining the doulton
situation as if he was there you were
not there so I'm trying to act like you
were there and the people that you
interviewed on the flight those were the
racist people obviously they're going to
go against me because they're the racist
people you never interviewed anyone else
that was on my side and the video that I
took on the plane there were people
there on my side
Craig Shakespeare's own kicked out thank
you so much where white people
complaining about these people speaking
in a different way I am upset because
that's happening revenge me so much to
kick them out because I feel like he
just mentioned that the show that he buy
it and to get people and gets me to when
he did not know what happened you were
not there the video that I had in Delta
I specifically said I got kicked out for
speaking Arabic what did everyone say
nothing
no-one said hey you were too loud no
your people in the back sticking their
middle fingers no one in that plane said
hey you're not getting kicked out for
speaking Arabic you're getting to keep
that for speaking loud no no one said
that you say this to Facebook and
Twitter guys we spoke a different
language on the plane and now we're
getting kicked out that's insane
now we're getting kicked out we're
getting kicked out because we spoke a
different language if this is 2016 2016
look Delta Airlines are kicking us out
because we spoke a different language
because you spoke a different language
thank you so much you guys a racist even
the whole staff of Delta within the
video and they were just quiet because
they know what they did was wrong even
after my whole Delta incident Delta
continued being racist and having so
many freaking incidents that they had
I'm not really clear wiring
plane ticket item adamant that emergency
at peace all right so we get keep on the
top
you're kicking like we're on our way to
a show right now I'm good so calm right
now like a chick in the mouth also plays
or not doing anything
so that just proved Delta is racist just
like you I don't want to get into it or
make this like a really long kind of
video box one if it keeps our please
stop being so buddies stop being biased
for once be fair you guys really want me
to do like a whole 30-minute to our
video or maybe do a livestream
explaining every little second that
happened in during that situation
because I never really spoke about it
because of people like him who just go
on and go against me no matter what I
say they're always going to be against
me because I don't like Donald Trump
because I'm Muslim that's why they're
always gonna be against me so that's all
mistakes you guys want me to do it let
me know in the comments below
doesn't that have nothing against anyone
not even you keep so I'm just telling
you to just please stop being biased
that's all as long as you please stop
being biased if you guys want to tell
them tweet them stop being biased
that's all be fair I'm attending here
I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow do me I
make sure you guys give this vlog a
thumbs up and do me Hank who are
watching this right now at the end of
live please give us a thumbs up because
all these keemstar people they're gonna
come and dislike my video I already know
so a doobie gang thumbs up this video I
want to see everything when you guys
thumbs up this video do me gang gang
gang gang doesn't that make you positive
and I'm see you guys tomorrow
take care or pitch I like I like can
recycle all wait for the top but you
never want to listen
oh hey I'll do my way
cool games and hit the highway now mr.
fuck buddy I can call my way out of here
my new deck there I'm on my way
