do big what's poppin I hope you are
having an amazing there because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy Dec do me gang today's
the big big day it is April Fool's Day
April 1st almost every single year I do
an April Fool's prank on you guys to the
world two years ago I told you guys I
have a son I have a kid last year I told
you guys that I got married but none of
that's true I do not have a kid or wife
on forever so this year I didn't want to
fool you guys because I don't know I
felt like it would be so so obvious
instead I'm gonna fool my whole family
so many of the Adams family members are
here and I have this fortnight video to
do for this week because I'm uploading a
four night video getting sponsored by
Epic Games which are the owners of
fortnight which is so sick and oomiak
seriously I feel so grateful and blessed
like you don't know how much that means
to me man porn is the biggest game out
right now and I'm getting sponsored by
it so this is what I'm gonna do it do me
yang I'm gonna be pretending to film a
four night video and one by one each
Adams family member who's here they're
gonna be next to me and every time I
play four and I always have foods to the
side and they always eat my food man
especially how's that but this time I'm
gonna fool them so do me gang I have
Turkey hello turkey bacon right here and
I also have hot on bacon right oh my god
so if you guys do not know to my
non-muslims us Muslims we do not eat
pork let me give you guys that shit Adam
come back we do not eat the pork not
because we don't want to it is because
it is not clean for the Muslim in we do
not eat concealed or pork concede means
pork in Arabic not Viserys the US
Muslims we don't need pork because it's
considered like not that clean cuz pigs
they live in mud and they eat their own
poop they eat like really not good stuff
it's not like we don't eat it because
hey we gotta stay away from pork we
don't need it to keep you know to keep
our body clean and all the kids and
Adams family they know not to eat pork
especially when they go to school they
know not to eat pork but today I'm gonna
trick them and tell them they ate pork
and I'm gonna show them this one like oh
my god I got the wrong one and they're
gonna flip the freak out I cannot wait
you do me a prank master Adam is back
I'm feeling good you guys are ready for
this is do me a let's try to get fifty
thousand thumbs up can't we do it yes we
can't the thumbs up this video doing the
yelling let's get fifty thousand thumbs
up and let's get the prank started also
do not forget to subscribe because I
upload every single day let's get it
started doom again see you guys in the
next shot guys I'm about to play for
night we're ready you already know but
look what I got turkey bacon but they're
gonna think it's real bacon let's do it
to do them again each of them are gonna
come down one by one so let's see how it
goes it'll be having I'm gonna set up
the can right here yeah yeah come come
give me the first ones to do it for not
video with me okay
let's go let's go let's go
do it baby let's go
you know check the map see it's working
no it's very messy example doing squats
squat up cool what do you mean close its
close what do you do
what's that okay why you eating this so
yeah this is gonna give you cavities do
you want cavities in your teeth
alright then don't eat this
you want getting your cabins to eat this
eat that eat it yeah it's turkey bacon
it's Halabi
it gives you much has a lot of protein
in it passes Meg's passes mate
can you feed me feed me let me feed you
I'm going to greasy grow and that isn't
you inability person crazy seola me
you're better than Eve eating food but
you doesn't have that in your head yeah
yeah boom this yours
this maybe just is that what you do just
look at my food yeah haha bro ask first
and it's Freaky Friday I'm in Adams body
guys we are you here with that is it
what's up are you doing let me get that
phone started up yo one thing I hate
about for night is I can't eat wild like
plane right you have to always focus on
the game try the the bacon I'm the
turkey bacon tell me this crispy or not
I some do you know it's Christmas I like
the crispy but let me know it's crispy
let's go yay we're going to closet we
want to plug it okay okay Oh chess I'm
gonna go are you serious mama speaking
slummin which one tell you what hello
no way this is the port ones Wisla what
oh my god
oh my god how much did you eat
how would you eat it huh let me gonna
die let me go who would translate your
huh lovely hi yes let me come through
wet the bacon
oh let me check let me check
no way
No slim are you telling me what I think
it is huh you ate you ate pork
no I'll be here
hmm calm to the maker you're eating here
readies my asking how long has it been
there I'm crazy
slim he's eating the Baker he'll be got
to wait huh no I don't think so
what kind of bacon no way
that's the point a little bit season
right here but wouldn't me see the right
there
where did she charged me with the doc
just make sure you get there what the
crystal
even you got it yeah hello
what the hell oh no way this is pork
what do I do do not spit in a stressful
as we say it's better safe you ate at
these follow Summoner yeah you did are
you serious
Siri what happens if a Muslim eats bacon
oh my god
lay down nigga I'm going to see the
other hey don't let them lay down on you
know what go pray go make you like a spy
now trust me you're not even go to help
go make 20 guys go pray go mix up huh
you gonna make with oh okay you a li in
the first place so you supposed to be
reading the labels housing 24 2014 find
out was to take me because somebody dumb
who's that I don't already know yeah
don't let go
what are you doing huh yo wash your
mouth oh my god guys how did you say
bake with the hoe no don't put in the
Flyway
that's funny bacon no not funny why I
had jab you girl myself girl eight-point
makin yo I don't know let me put in the
blog no it's gonna be going
why are you touching it funny do you eat
it
buh-buh-buh-buh cannot take any money go
hurry up take out yeah but now take out
that well for days
damn you farting Oh Spanish welcome
just ask for forgiveness ok ask for
forgiveness go
hangs up sorry a puzzle as well as my
foot huh sorry that's my phone or for
that sir don't be the labels yeah you
have eyes two of them my best wine it's
probably the label I'm sorry my bad I'm
sorry
you know buddy bacon you like though
without even pork pretty but till today
my bad what are you doing huh what are
you doing won't you touch it well you
just have bacon on you bro I'm not
eating it I'm not you dad
I'm not it's gotta stop what we beasts
not fair were you so we have to send the
same thing yeah if you said I listened
you made me you guys gonna make out they
know I didn't know I didn't know I'm not
eating you yes you are
I'm not eating anything but you're the
one that made me eat it he's slowly like
like turning tonight yeah he's doing
oink oink now he started to get a tail
too I'm just making sure he's good honey
do you see only point three five watch
this into Eden Djem and you're praying
you can't reply to me you can't say
nothing but I just want to say that it's
a prank
you didn't eat no pretty boy during the
idiot that came and ate it amazing
famous eight it's what I believe me huh
you know what I think you mind if it's
needed why stop
what do you mean dumbass what that's
Christian King Sweyn
middleware what anything not some image
is good
huh
Oh
don't sit on the photos we can huh you
love the 4/9 give you some eat some try
yo we squadron up by now
let's do it let's do it going up on a
Tuesday going up on Friday it's good
always gotta be hella right are you
hello you're not hello no way the thing
she's eating let me check her you eaten
pork huh you like it
what are you doing this not good only
for it was still your 435 so what's that
mean you get it you get 80 bucks
what are you doing I don't see I do see
you I just saw you take it I don't even
know if I should say it's a Prater and
how they good oh no she seriously took
it I'm ending the video here if you guys
enjoyed it make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey do not forget to
subscribe I'm almost out 4 million
subscribers your subscription will
really really help so make sure you guys
subscribe if you guys want more crazy
videos for 9 video coming soon stay
tuned for that I'll see you guys
tomorrow may I take your earpiece I like
go bring thumbs up thumbs up thank you
ok ok say you can get it for nine video
K fine
