to me gang this is gonna be a stressful
stressful day
what's up or do me yang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day got the DJ Khaled shirt on
right here this was Hamza's when he was
younger
those days when we stood caught happens
that dj khaled sound like I'm rocking it
now they stay away from they do me yank
the reason why I'm saying today's gonna
be a stressful stressful day because
there's a lot going on with YouTube and
a lot going on with me traveling to
Saudi Arabia I'm going to Saudi Arabia
soon if you guys do not know I'm having
like a show or something in Jeddah and
the good news is I'm bringing my mother
with me me nas nas also bringing his
mother we thought it would be a good
idea if since we're going to Saudi
Arabia to bring our parents and to do
ombres once again so literally in like a
week or two we're gonna be doing I'm
gonna and I'm so so excited because my
mom's dream was to take her to Mecca
again as you have seen in a few vlogs a
while ago mama mama Saleh I love you so
much and you're coming with me to sweat
Arabia to do imma die once again that's
your favorite place to go and also I'm
bringing my little brother with me come
with me my little Brahma his first time
ever flying and he's gonna be coming
with me to do ombres I cannot cannot
wait but right now about to head to the
Saudi embassy and as you guys know it's
always complications and stuff when we
go to the Saudi embassy so I'm heading
there now they're gonna take my phone
I'm not even allowed to bring my camera
but I have to fix up the whole visa and
everything there and I'm gonna come back
here so do me yang I have some vlog
footage that I forgot to put yesterday
but for some reason YouTube like keeps
ruining myself and I'll talk to you guys
about that after but here is the vlog
footage that I filmed yesterday I was at
the old house with slim and the Anna's
family so while I go to the embassy you
guys watch it and I'll see you guys in
the next shot but before I see you guys
the next shot do me gang make sure you
guys thumbs up and go turkey do not
forget to subscribe and be part of the
do me gang I'm trying to have a goal to
reach 4 million subscribers by this
summer it's hopefully shall we get to it
do me again you guys always go hard at
best gang in the world do me and doing a
I seriously need to make that song like
a clone of goochy goochy goochy here but
making slag do meow my gang to me even
if it's for like a minute or like a
minute 30 seconds thumbs up if you think
I should do it like a dope music video
dope do me again I kind of like maybe an
intro we can make that into an intro or
something also I forgot to tell you guys
I want to do an intro like the whole
Adams family just like how the ace
family have this dope intro I want to
also make a dope intro like that with
the whole squad the whole family's a
thumbs up if you think we should do that
let me go to the embassy and I'll see
you guys in the next shot yo yo yo do be
game we're out here near my old house
spirit go inside demo though we're gonna
go inside and have dinner and show you
guys the old house literally the whole
squad is inside except Remo I'm awesome
hey I see you guys in chillin man
usually before whenever he goes to my
curb my old house I'd be like I wait
outside man I'm coming somewhere else
but now he got to come in my creative
like it feels it feels good man the room
looks so so different they moved the
whole cabinets and everything oh my god
guys I'm here with the one the only
Baba's good I am available kazoos again
let's see if we can come fighting a lot
loser can't you can't
why what happened what are you doing you
can do because both you guys both of you
guys big kiss you too because right now
we got some you have any food what's up
ladies do me gang we just got done with
the whole meal the whole squad hey I
feel like sums like my brother something
cuz you're gonna be eating with us but
yes to do me yeah we're gonna have some
family time right now really hope you
guys are enjoying this flag if you want
make sure you give it thumbs up Tina
what are you doing drinking juice did
you miss this house you did how much did
you miss it that's how old you are
I'm enjoy my time here in the old house
I believe someone else will be moving in
the
huh you like the new house hey stop
beefing both you guys both let me talk
to you look at the end of the day yes
you guys are gonna have a roast battle
maybe the strikes I don't know what's
how is it gonna get involved no no
fighting look you who do you think is
better who's more of a badass badass Mac
nothing bad I think you get man I used
to be better but I feel like you calm
down it's a up save his wallet he's
pretty he's a listen that's why I got a
lot of family drama to help do me gang
I'm back from the Saudi embassy and I do
not have any good news they seriously
give me so so much trouble I went there
with my sister my brother my mother and
I felt like they embarrassed me but um
I'm gonna wait a few and speak with the
people that are inviting me from Saudi
Arabia they're gonna help me out
hopefully each other like I don't get it
because Saudi Arabia themselves are
inviting me to go there and the people
here always give me trouble they give me
trouble two years ago and now they're
giving me trouble once again so
hopefully like it's like I don't get it
like I'm going to Saudi Arabia to do a
show there they invited me to go and I'm
also gonna do I'm gonna like what's
what's wrong with that and they given me
so much like so much annoying responses
man like that being sarcastic for no
reason to my mom to my sister they're
saying the most sarcastic stuff as if
were dumb and I'm looking at them like
bro like I don't I don't get it like you
guys invited me I'm speaking to the
embassy like you guys invited me to go
out there and now it's like I don't know
I don't want to speak about it much I'm
going again tomorrow hopefully it works
out I'll keep you guys updated with that
as I told you guys I know it's gonna be
a stressful stressful day for me I also
want to talk about YouTube on update you
guys about the YouTube stuff that I want
to talk about so as you guys seen
yesterday and yesterday's vlog which is
today's vlog I uploaded a vlog my vlogs
are always HD always always HD high
definition high quality I use a Canon a
DD but for some reason yesterday's vlog
when I uploaded it it wasn't HD it's
360p and this is the second time that it
happened and it sucks so much because a
lot of you guys are comments
thinking this mouthful like atom oh why
do you upload it low-quality Adam what
the hell what the hell you don't upload
HD anymore and it's soso stressing for
you because it is HD even when I render
it from the editing program but the
thing is when I post it on YouTube I
don't know it just came out low-quality
and this happened to slim before happens
to me before where of lag of ours and
also happened to a few other youtubers
where it just changes up out of nowhere
like what time I believe Slim's vlog
just came out with like a chipmunk voice
like the whole vlog was a chipmunk voice
and it has nothing to do with us all we
doing is like working hard editing for
hours and hours doing the vlog put out
the vlog we upload it you know put the
thumbnail do the title do all this all
that so much stuff just to know that
like your video is not HDR something's
wrong with your video I don't know if
it's like a YouTube glitch but it's
nothing in my end so I'm guessing it has
something to do with YouTube I had a
YouTube I spoke with them and it might
be saying that it's a glitch or
something like that so do me gang I just
want you guys to nod to switched hands
because my hand hurts man holding this I
just want you guys to know that it is
not from my end just know that I upload
videos for you guys every day I want to
give you guys the best everyday HD every
day but it just sucks when stuff like
this happen and it looks like it's us
like it looks like it's it's my fault
just know I'm always working hard for
you guys and I really really hope
YouTube can fix something with this
because I even seen it some tweets or
some comments saying that my videos
don't show up to the sub boxes and stuff
it's just so much bs man youtube
mashaallah everything goes well and
hopefully everything fixes up I would
still have a smile on my face I'll still
be grinding a few guys every single day
also making videos for you guys every
single day and not just videos just
working you know tours music movies
books everything will be coming soon to
do me I really hope you guys stay
updated with that also do me yeah if you
guys do not know I am also going to do
by literally in like a few days because
money kicks is starting his own clothing
line which is so so dope February 10 4
p.m. I'll be at City walk live live I
don't know how to pronounce it but it's
right here I'll be a city walk 4 p.m. me
money kicks fouseytube base you guys
come through it's gonna be crazy do me
and support the homie money kicks
because he's starting something dope
which is sick he's only 16 years old and
he starting something like this so I
can't I can't wait to buy miss you guys
and I see you guys soon and do me a
gonna speak to you guys about the Airbnb
situation if you guys do not know me
why'd you accost Yousef slim Sofia we
all got robbed there it may be home got
robbed for around $25,000 worth of stuff
someone
inside from the back the locks were not
working a shoulder lock but the locks
were not working at the back and this is
the update this is good good news so
we're dooming yank we know who is the
person that did this I don't want to
expose this person yet but it's kind of
crazy how I'm a people of your own kind
do this especially when they're from the
same country as you Yemen yes the do me
yank someone from Yemen did this tell us
I can't say much much information but
that's all I'm telling you guys right
now I need to keep this like literally
private and confidential but I want to
let you guys know that if I want to keep
you guys in the dark and I know this
person is watching this right now
because pretty much this Yemeni person
he set all of us up he knew her leaving
to the Golden Gate Bridge he waited for
the moment that we left and that air B&B
is not safe at all they have easy access
to going and we did not even know that
till after because we saw a review on
the Airbnb of someone else getting
attempted to be broken into which is
really really scary but I have to do me
I just want to say that is great great
news I can't say much the insurance of
Airbnb I believe they're gonna be
helping us out with getting our stolen
items back either they're gonna give it
back to us or pay us back depending on
this Yemeni kid man so we're gonna see
and that's one thing that I really
really hate that pisses me off so much
like the biggest hater community I'm
saying this from the bottom I'll heart
to you guys I'm saying this like
straight up man like my biggest hater
community whatever is Muslims its Arabs
and if you want to break it down to like
specific it's Yemeni people because I'm
from Yemen I don't get it they don't
like seeing other Yemeni people you know
doing their thing but I don't understand
I feel like it should be the opposite
they should be happy seeing you know
someone doing their thing I'd be so
happy if I see another Yemeni person in
another Muslim person another our person
doing a thing I'll be motivating them a
yo man that's crazy that's amazing man
keep it up I'll be saying that I
wouldn't be hating on them trying to set
them up trying to you know rob them and
stuff like that and it's just I don't I
don't really get it like why do people
do that why do people have hearts like
this and this is a message to every
Yemeni out there man let me need myself
and if I see someone in the Yemeni
community killing it doing the thing
I'll be happy I would never ever I would
never ever hate on someone I would never
ever bring someone down I just want
everyone out there to show love
especially when you have someone from
your own kind doing that thing and you
know putting it on a map like for me yes
ya know me man like when I
I have the opportunity if I go out there
reach out there represent Yemen I
represent you know my culture is that my
religion but I feel like sometimes when
I do it just makes it worse for me like
more and more people start hating on me
stuff like I'm scared to the point were
like yo like what if someone out there
wants to like hurt me or something I'm
legit scared for my life like I don't
know what to do now that some people
around me telling me you're by weapons
and stuff like that but I'm I'm not
gonna go to that level like all I'm
gonna say is Allah he always got my back
and he sees everything and he knows what
intentions I have and he knows what I
love doing like I have nothing against
anyone but just oh my god it just really
really sucks especially when you know
like when I found out the person was
from my country I didn't know what to
say I was like what I was confused my
heart dropped I got butterflies in my
stomach like damn a person of my own
kind did all this a person amato a
person from my from my country did this
to me and my friends and everyone and
Sophia and everything is just like what
the Freak like I can't believe it I
seriously cannot believe it but anyways
as I told you guys this is a case it
takes it takes kind of some time and
stuff like that I do daily vlogs but it
takes some time I'll keep you guys
updated here and there I really like I
wanna get to meet the person I want to
get to look at him in eyes I want to get
to see him but imma just wait sobbing
I'm jameelah
which means I'm a patience is beautiful
in Arabic I'm sorry that this vlog had
to be all talkative and stuff like that
I really hope you guys understand I had
a crazy stressful day and I'm talking to
my lawyer
everybody insurances right now and the
police so I'm do me again I'm gonna keep
you guys updated I don't even know what
else to say I love you guys stay away
from they stay away from me and
hopefully everything turns out great I'm
going to Dubai and in Saudi Arabia so
I'm gonna be happy man Birmingham so I
just need to stay happy my family's here
the main thing is my family's good I'm
healthy alhamdulillah and I'll keep you
guys updated love you guys do me again
thank you guys so much for everything
thank you guys for going through
everything that I go through yeah
seriously do not understand how thankful
and how appreciative I am thank you
thank you thank you do me gain from
being the best gang in the world I love
you guys too see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace I love you
