I shall have a mulligan what's my name
you can have the head of your mother hey
guys what's up you're dooming yang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because we're having an amazing day so
if we're having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing package oh
my god do me gay I'm with the homie
Mawson right here what has no shirt on
was he shirt huh are you taking off your
shirt huh
any soul blaze Rima and Reema's I'm here
thank you what he's calling you without
what do you think what's my name what's
my name
well my name is that mother mother no
I'm Adam yeah I'm as if you lose it I
don't know if he thinks I'm his dad but
what the heck is gonna I'm confused
right now I don't know if he's pranking
me I don't know if a two-year-old taking
me that he just called me mama I
remember doing an April Fool's joke like
last year a year and a half ago and now
he's actually calling me Bubba and he's
trying to run out right now and he
doesn't know how to open the door
because he's still - are you pranking me
what's my name
no it's not muffin look look at look at
my face I know I look a little bit like
your dad but your dad must've pay
attention
baba has a big beard short hair me my
name is Adam I'm your uncle
I have curly weird hair look I have a
big head I don't even know if he
understands what I'm saying this kid is
just like he's such a savage for no
reason no frickin reason Simmons end up
actually won't help my muffin look at
what's my name
what can't he's de wareness kitty wait
his baby ever ever like the word is it
what this shorty like this shorty hey
shorty
you can't reach the door by the way guys
don't forget Adam Silas secret project
movie done end of 2017 it's already done
it's going to be out around the end of
this one it's in progress around 2018
and the secret project there is an
announcement September 2nd December 2nd
September 2nd they add them is OK is my
uncle
see Adam is my uncle uncle uncle okay
now tell me what's my name
Adam Baba no just say Adam I can't
fathom you know what I'm gonna bring
your real Bob on you he's gonna fight
you
Darren there's not a Bollywood movie
gonna go to get do I go give him a big
kiss okay
what the I forgive them bitches don't
beat him up huh
what are you doing muffin stop hitting
my dad stop touching my dad what's wrong
with this kid man I've a question for
you 11 ready yes was I this bad younger
look how he's screaming when I was a
baby
oh yeah same thing same thing yeah so if
she has a good boy look what he's doing
anything like what are you doing whoa
this kid is such a savage he does not
care he's like they didn't take me to
the park so I'm going to bring the park
in here let's go make heavy moss and
fell down on the slide they shot at you
and now he's trying decides lab is in
your bad boy you slip down you fall you
okay yeah you said yeah thought about it
baba is gonna help you and my Baba are
you gonna help
oh you gave me a kiss are you better
sure touch him up these huh are you
better wow you sure look at me we go now
that you're cool and everything what's
my name
no look what's my name what is it Adam
and I feel like you're pranking me are
you like a mini prankster your mini
breakfast yeah put on your shirt and
you're gonna go to my Baba you're going
to hang out with him okay
because I have to go see slim and nipple
and to keep because I have a lot of
business to handle
oh I think I'll put it on the wrong way
but Oh mom it's okay
see you soon okay
wanna take a high-five to see you guys
in next shock ado be gay I just got the
nipples place and all this guy has been
doing its sleeping how can you come to
New York City have a vacation and be
sleeping all freaking day many wakes up
huh
you didn't just sleep say he spends all
day doing laundry laundry and then he
slept this is de la Isla de Nicola
nipple you're in New York why are you
sleeping
oh no joke who's got takes 20 maps and a
is that like a Canadian thing I guess so
huh hi guys what I told you guys we're
gonna have a rap battle mean Nikki
versus slim and nipple it might happen
tomorrow but today I'm here to show the
keep some of my lines and it's like it's
pretty roast of also we're going to get
into keeps reaction just by him looking
at it we're not going to show you guys
what are you doing I'm sticking up some
last minute enough but just don't let it
roll what long do okay say something
just say well you have a very tight you
here cut oh you're the brain surgeon cut
what oh you're all said okay all right
remembers our cooling 22t mother okay
what what's up huh what's up Ted what's
up keeping you well
whoa why does it try to kiss you I'm
kind of worried guy I might work for you
then you can single for a long time kind
of worries me though nah man you guys
kind of singing at kissing me what what
do it hi guys so Nikki the man is here
hi so I rolled up some lines over the
lines with the music I realize it's ro
slim and nipple and I just want to get
your reaction when you watch it so um
don't worry that large beauty ahead and
get your reaction safe so he was good or
not
Oh
Oh No yes your honor I do editing like
coal Minnesota and I'm a different kind
of to heat it with heat with both the
other heat
hope y'all ready yeah yeah okay I think
you've you got a right go like I'm good
honey man and they just seem a tad some
I give up I can't I can't come weak now
I know damn now that we told them not
now they're gonna try to go hard when I
can't make it but this is that what are
you doing
city is asleep look what does he do it
you touch it at oh no this is okay do me
yank so I'm gonna wrap off this line
here and end this like here I have a
couple little mini announcements to make
right now so my main channel is back it
is back you do be getting this job a
tour hey fuck you
sorry yes guys after 10 long months my
main channel videos are back I just
uploaded update videos to make sure I go
to it the link is down below the first
link go give it a thumbs up because I
want to see how many of you guys
actually miss that channel so tomorrow 3
p.m. eastern time Sunday 3 p.m. it's a
time I have a new main Channel video
with Rima on my main channel so make
sure you guys go subscribe to it go give
it a thumbs up tweet it share it comes
up and comment because I'm gonna give
one of you guys a shout out on this
channel so whoever shares that video on
my main channel I'm so so excited to be
back because I feel like I'm back
because I feel like I kept that channel
so lonely and stuff but it's crazy
having two channels that are over a
million like not much youtubers have
like two channels it's over a million
subscribers and I have two channels
that's over a million subscribers so
that's like a blessing and like it's I'm
really grateful and thankful to have
that so thank you guys so so much I
promise I will not keep it invisible and
alone again I want to upload more but
you guys have to let me know what kind
of like what types of videos you guys
want me to upload you or me to upload
like family kind of videos like each day
is like Rima then Mawson then demands
and happens the argument
continue how normal videos I had or just
family videos I don't know just let me
know
but for now Sunday tomorrow 3 p.m. I
have a new main Channel video so thank
you guys so much for your love and
support
I'm see you guys tomorrow on Twitter and
I'm get ready to count down 3 p.m.
Eastern Sun thank you guys so much to do
me if you guys enjoyed slag make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey I
love you guys so so much and I cannot
wait to give you guys made channel
videos I give you guys logs every single
day but my channel videos for me are
really really special and then the
secret project management on September
2nd don't forget the timer second is an
announcement that I'm just going to make
take care do me a
I love you err peace I like no I love
you more I love you more no I love you
more no fine okay I'll let you in
because I love you more weapons medley
I'm Lane how's that Lane I'm saying I
love you we share that Sophia every
night every morning so every day
whoop-whoop just for that you getting
roasted for you guys get ready for sons
to get roses eating roasted toasted my
best friend tomorrow you get roasted
roasted well our back huh okay okay okay
Wilson not here in the hallway she said
husband's me go try get us what they all
say
I'm about to go missus taking out I got
myself in this position always got an
attitude
never show ingratitude
