and to begin this is going to be the
craziest the scariest hahaha homicide
this is all the most extreme separate
nope keep going would you rather ever in
the history of would you rather
challenging you can have that'll be
another hey guys what's up a doobie gang
I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day for
laughing right now but it's about to get
crazy and doom again this is going to be
the craziest the scariest the most
extreme would you rather ever in the
history of would you rather challenges
are you guys ready
I remember yes no it's not really boom
ha
absolute weapon Swit cease why are you
here - I came to everyone competing on I
don't please push this but this is our
plan - let me out that's weird with the
show plan the whole time he missed I
stuff friendlies background as you can
see if you just scroll to the lessons
like that like people go back to work
and I make it a point very good right
there so so I watch this movie called
would you rather that's let me watch by
the way this is not a sponsored video or
a paid for motion video there was 80
guests on the table and someone gave all
these a guests like crazy would you
rather is like would you rather that can
tell you know who's you know a real
friend and you guys give us some would
you rather I chose a couple out feels
ready I already booked put it up nipple
in other the value but is that it
exemplar that's exciting
I'm a phone so this first one it's a
slim and someone tweeting me this ready
slim would you rather stop yourself as
hard as you can okay little place on
Mizzou
awesome would you rather slap nipple as
hard as you can't grow house really slap
you too bold you can to Dubai well
we run road take a thing if you were to
pick slapping yourself you can still so
more control you know it's not good for
you just yo through this game you find
out what the real brothers are none so
fake brothers are below them by the way
everyone has 15 seconds to decide what
they're going to do if they don't know
and don't know what to decide if they
forfeit they're going to get jumped by
the rest of the people sort of thing
like that
let's say what kind forfeits we're all
gonna have to jump you New York style
you know time saying yeah 15 seconds
right now I don't have two artists with
no slip most of the shit out you would
I've been holding since the bud I'm not
even mad imaginary someone I thought
they were good oh hey yo man I can't
believe I actually slap the shit out of
everything honesty was I was expecting a
lot worse to me okay guys let me nuts
Adam please
all right nipple you ready yeah would
you rather hold your breath for two
minutes
or let Adam hold his breath for two
minutes it was so alright so that's a
good mention of them huh I never we
choose he's the thing when we were in
Dubai
come on well you're gonna let me go into
toilet we were in Dubai he held his
breath underwater for like two and a
half minutes in the haunts I remember
that thrown out the hot tub that's not a
toilet
Brooke waters water Brooke waters waters
blue waters water come on bro let's
extreme anyways right we started I think
you that's it there Randi's rapid my
gosh you're great at telling water next
week all you guys make me go to toilet
Oh Bobo go
let's go to this video try to maybe goes
out of toilet water huh drinking I don't
know it looks real order that's true
it's really meant to be stream as soon
as you've met the extreme let's go so
I'm coming right here credit mention
each other I like that look that water
get a lot of let's go you're going to
disgusting role seriously never a lot
this is all on you men
the next boxing fight is going to be me
and nipple that's it oh shut up take
some come on bro that's it as it is
that's it no keep going
oh my god I think we drove my bathroom
this is it guys the end this is it gonna
game is so distraught or Alexis be
honest I want to sit next to your dishes
from zero on the time out of that all my
bus that walk inside total why you
turned around and a hot tub I can huh I
can't do it so I guess you turning today
baby until it was ready that go ah yo
bro oh this guy catch it no damn no save
it in ten seconds stay in it so getting
there baby
holy shit hold that
36 necessarily a long way to go out of
this thing disgusting man 45 seconds
ah I can't I can't I can't
good snuff it out just a little gentle
of it as a minute ah but what I get with
you
he's get off the couch bro ya done
you're done you serious issue we've all
you just a pimple sorry bro it's my turn
now all right ready
buddy guac said would you rather call
Sophia and tell her that flu is speaking
to another girl down there or would you
rather let slim call my dad and tell him
that he got a girl pregnant
slim console Fiorina no oh no way you're
right
no and you can't tell her nothing for
the next hour no Sophia call Sophia oh
my god I know you oughta make you talk
to her you tell her like beige look I've
been speaking to another girl and then
wait to see what she says and that's not
just hang up three heart eyes tonight
all right
shit you speak okay hey so I've been
speaking to another girl
oh I'm speaking to another girl wrong
give me my good one hour one hour about
myself you don't act in my race it's my
me oh my gosh she's calling you I go
through circus mansion hello yes
would you rob in the hell this is my
channel cuz you guys wanna go
morning I got a guy was good connectors
and even examine I'm actually gonna
thank you just um nothing
walk it off fuck you man
all right well cops woken up all this so
happy by one degree
hello
well doctor screaming wouldn't give the
wrong time is my toes oh you asked me
that
I think one has to go to the doctor
after this I have to go take a shower so
we need to talk to Sophie up this many
toys hang this one's for nipple okay
would you rather go inside Starbucks and
order in your boxers or go outside
McDonald's and order in your bottle two
different Hill I don't know uh I'm not
doing a man that's marry you that
meeting a jump has won your slim would
you rather sweet out saying that you
broken up with Sophia or technically
right now saying it's over
now come on bro I'll see those three -
Twitter's Pinos
oh well them taking off his phone output
why you put it down there bro experience
I Twitter oh yes yes
free do it do it I asked you know haha
oh my god wait what what happened what
huh know what he realizes they're red
I'm going to get a sense of ownership
when are you Justin oh my god it doesn't
end in this Julie oh yeah yeah yeah
would you rather VM a fan saying I have
a crush on you let's get married or let
nipple tweet something off your Twitter
I like this I like this
developing a threesome telephone I don't
trust no one treating something this one
it's mark yeah I'll just have to give
someone yet and you want to see do it
you can't reply to him ever again that I
know after how a Qunari that's my size
let me spread it and that's that we'll
find out who's the big mouth tonight
okay I'll pick a fan any fan home I'm
going to go mr. Gaiman see I just saw
Walker
all right so the first time idea right
now I kind of have a question yeah I
kind of have a crush you could say
there's a crush there but like I never
really like there's a little bit of
attraction there I have a crush on you
Wow all right guys next up is what I'll
get off your phone I can't follow what
our what this is going to be to be
continued thumbs up if you guys want to
see a part two it is so thumbs ups you
want to see a part on man broke a thumbs
up I never would do this again but I
just want to see if they want to see a
part two of the I think they will I
think some guy in the world one thumbs
up if you want to know here is a
freaking voice well that's my favorite
thing we heard everything
yeah part two thumbs up for part two and
I want to give you a huge thank you to
what cost Sean Wilcox I want to check
them out the link will be down below go
subscribe to it see the homies limb from
limb education they want to see
everything here is go check him out and
subscribe and the homie Nabil
aka concept you wouldn't see him and
everything you check them out subscribe
to him and check his music I like
releases and stuff so ah yeah thank you
guys and was fun I'm done I'm out when I
slap someone again please okay I'll keep
you a photo to state here rope
I'm about to go missus picking out I
forgot myself in this position always
got an attitude never showing gratitude
would always want to talk but she never
want to listen Oh
