well Adam said I don't know offices what
did you compose it you can have the
heddle beyond my hey guys what's up for
Duma gang I hope you're having an
amazing day because we're having an
amazing day so if we're having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy always Lexington Facebook
you go man I appreciate it man are you
doing thank you
deli real good
are you ready to me today yes nipple
she calls it nipples but today Rima
Boston about to me nipples hi guys do it
do it again
did you see them so what if what did you
an ass nipple charlie asking what was if
I really even simple something yeah
that's a real baby how's it feel meeting
Ramon must in a person yo there's so
small man I know I really I saw them
like muffin is like you to it a little
he's like a little teddy bear like it's
okay I'm camera everyone thinks he's
like he looks lighter fixed and you're
posting it slow down slow down
so pause this flow down sorry I relaxed
may ever like dude so far examine come
on Boston doesn't look straight at all
when you driving a scooter good luck
calm down right good luck go slow
yeah who's that
oh oh oh savage oh you came in for the
feed um
Adam fine I'm taking them away to
Toronto with me forever
I'm thinking a movie all right let's go
Adam wow what a Toronto oh by most in
Toronto get by you think the mill
doesn't look so good these don't get
started me joking I'm playing I'm
playing sorry oh sorry
he doesn't want no one to take me he
hates nipple nut honza said he didn't
take his shirt off a number what the
hell what bag it's like gue people in
New York you have a great I meet you
always take my shirt off yeah the right
way the only hands away oh how do the V
ah no wait whoa the dude this is it was
shirt is everywhere yeah whoa no way
what's the weirdest place you've done it
mom
and the mall yeah that's time to tag you
take the lettering or I think a lot of
confidence and she do to assume again
guess what me and Rio and just film the
video and it's going to be up on our
main channel this weekend high-five she
killed it but we're back you do begin we
are back on the main channel uploading
videos let's make a long mile again
looks like this doing a job but yeah the
video should be out this weekend I'm
quite there on communist what the hell's
going on
but yeah it's been one whole year almost
one whole year that I have uploaded on
my main channel and I'm like you know
what I got to get it back like there's
almost 2 million subscribers on my main
channel and why not like host and what I
need to start posting more because I'm a
black channel on 3.1 million and almost
2 million on my main channel that's like
5 billion altogether so make sure you
guys check it out and be ready for
everyone laughing Matt selectmen and the
new mates over there
hey Dina hey you know take care guys bye
hi guys the kids left start the video
hamdullah now for what to have an
experience what would I see
let me get people an average customers
so let such a hug I know them his pants
is always saying hashtag let them pull
your pants up what that fly that ask oh
gosh like pull your pants up I don't
know uploads on no pull your pants up
there because if your dad was here your
pants would be all the way up there but
especially when we get a cherry mango
with the green nice I see is the best
here near typical I see the nachos is
gorgeous I thought the old man because
he's always $2 only what I'm back any
gang member not like welding the 2017
he's right man you're right so yeah 27 -
thank you better do me yank so as you
guys know I told Rima the secret project
so right now I'm going to put her to the
test I have my nephew Hamza he's going
to come in and I'm going to keep him
alone with Rima and I'm going to make
him a scream ah hey can you tell me the
secret project and we're going to see if
Rima snitches me out and says my secret
project or if she holds it down and
doesn't say anything so let's see how it
goes I'm going to bring house and Rima
right now and let's do it roster you
ready yeah you are who puts is this Remo
everything is Remo whenever you guys are
in trouble whenever anything goes wrong
to the Blaine Rima is that right
are you guys are good his own good yeah
okay Rima so you know the secret pot is
right how are you
what is it tell them hello good job good
job tom know why cause you said spell
okay I'm gonna go use the bathroom and
come back okay thank you fine
yes you're fine well possibilities I can
follow you I'm using them we go all
right I'll see you guys it'll come back
in a few minutes so this is logic yeah
tom are we good yeah no no what if I
tried it let's talk to you sure does she
want to know to understand I don't
Robinson what is it about the understand
Tom you know what yeah well you know how
about this if you Tommy
I'm excited enough to be a friend Tommy
I want to add in that I don't I mean you
already knew the first story or the
you
so you get something in common one I
dare to go to the friend for me she told
you the first one yeah no freaking way
he pretty much said it
she's about it's a good second one what
made you what made you want to tell him
so somebody tells you to on a hit you're
going to tell them the whole freaking
the whole part of the announcement
September 2nd what the hell now that was
shared that I told her because now she's
gonna tell everyone that she meets Reva
meets more fans than me because she's
always out on these weddings that like
stuff like that yo MIMO MIMO why why I
made the biggest mistake of my life
by telling Rima should have known she
was a snitch if she can just Ivan a hint
is not saying oh my god I should have
known she's five man it's my fault I
should have known he's five years old I
should have known
she's probably the one you told the
whole thing
no this isn't knows that being the door
really what do you tell it uh what do
you tell my furnace is a man now I'm
gonna be out I'll see you guys
okay do me yank it is time to wrap up
the vlog I'm crashing today and nipples
place here in Queens because tomorrow
and hang on i'ma show them around New
York City but I have some amazing news
that made for you guys today is I'm
coming back on the main channel I
believe Saturday I'll have like a video
saying I'm back and then Sunday I'll be
posting the video that I did with Rima
cannot wait I have it uploaded for so
long last time I uploaded was like a
prank on I think I'm prank on slim in
Florida so when I upload the video
Saturday I want you all to go to it give
it a big thumbs up and let me know what
kind of videos you guys want because on
this channel I'm doing like vlogs every
single day I do daily vlogs I have a
mist of lung so on that channel I want
you guys to let me know what kind of
videos I should do should it still be
pranks should it be like variety of
stuff should it be like Rima taking over
sometimes and my family taking over
sometimes or something because I do not
want to keep it just there and out there
like you know alone and stuff I want to
bring it back and I want to upload a lot
more often because I miss doing video
especially like main channel types and
videos I mean I do have fun a lot every
single day but I also want to do main
channel videos for you guys so you guys
let me know in the comments below
other than that I'm getting wrapping up
this right here do me a thank you guys
so much for relevant support you guys
enjoyed this vlog
make sure you it a thumbs up and go
turkey I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow
take care o Ali fucking all day killing
more night here in the hallway
thank me your cry yeah that's what they
all say I'm about to go mrs. taking out
I got myself in this position always got
an attitude never showing gratitude
would always want to talk pushing
another one
