we're not surprised to see how ago
what's up adieu meeting I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you lot should be having an
amazing happy happy day I don't know why
I'm having a British accent because I
love it anyways the do me getting
today's is super special day it is
Martin's birthday happy 3rd birthday to
Martin I love you so so much today we're
gonna surprise him with his dream car as
you guys know Muhsin loves love's loves
his cars so today I'm gonna go surprise
him with a car that he loves
I literally just woke up I just put this
on to make myself look cool I'm gonna go
to shower get ready my whole family's
gonna come wait to go to Toys R Us and
get him a car so do me a I hope you guys
are ready to go on this journey with me
to go buy mustn his car so thumbs up and
I'll see you guys in the next shot
thumbs up yes the button right there
somewhere ok thank you see you guys I'm
with the whole Adams it's like a
classroom right now guys Moulton is so
sad because he wants to go outside but
you can't go outside because we have a
surprise for you may not understand me
but busin is this birthday
Bobby Kendall
a few moments later
one eternity later it feels so good that
he's still three years old he doesn't
understand what I'm saying
but right now we're heading to Toys R Us
because we're about to surprise him with
his dream car he still has no clue he's
looking at me like what is he saying do
you know what I'm saying he's about to
get shocked he's gonna love Toys R Us so
so much no it's not gonna be pink one
ought to give a pig one
I do not know what kind of car I should
give no no let's see what kind of cars
you have we're gonna go car shopping and
then yeah tomorrow where you been that
man
then I'll be sure then home where you
been with we're not a couple of dates
what I what restaurants did you go to
with her would you eat up but that a
dates the food oh so you didn't go on no
dates no no no how does that look like a
UK rapper right now a Oh time doesn't
even know how to do a British accent yes
man what the hell you're the worst
Americans are so bad
hi Daniel hi squish there yeah I'm sorry
I we squished we have D because all the
Sun we have digicards young-sun question
Rima Toys R Us get ready thanks
surprised to see how ago my husband hi
guys we got rid of muffin for a couple
minutes because we have to choose him a
bike like oh my god so many kids here
which one mmm this one looks cool it's
kind of like a police woman he loves the
police or maybe one Reema had within
after that she's broken let me see the
Audi Audi look spook Maserati this is a
mug
he's a what's a good car together we
know about cars
if you what think I'm so bad with cars
and knowing which one is good which one
is not but this one looks pretty dope
and it's clean and white what do you
thing with the Maserati the Maserati red
legs though white will get dirty old
question what's that
should we give me Hello Kitty and prank
him
BMW look so what do you think what BMW
I'm actually really really liking the
Porsche but I feel like it's too big
Maserati BMW or Audi that's our that's
our that's our choices we have
that's our choices we have cuz that one
is way too big howdy Maserati or BMW I
like the Maserati the red must run
viento BMW 60 season like my car yeah he
got a Bill W I want to get him like a
doped sports car man she didn't like
something like that you look good
something way you know you can pick up
the ladies you know what I'm saying
alright alright masses a muffin choose
the car which one you want
sit down mommy and this look is spike
has no great there's no batteries on it
yet
I'd like your mother no batteries left
we still gotta get it and build it it
wasn't can't give me no kiss for going
on and moving on to another family would
you like to be family oh man we're
family not guys new additions to the
block his name is Watson Ryan say hi
yeah okay hi guys
we made up I love you buzzing like it be
careful the kid trapped sorry the kid
trapped dilemma
sorry the kiddies truck I'm so happy
Muslim guys first ever car the Maserati
it's about the a crazy would just beat a
like build the car we didn't want to
choose the Audi because they already has
already so we chose the Maserati not the
Missouri the Maserati I know my cars man
you don't know love and all you know is
roasting people and going on dates I
mean eating dates this one is it this
one is it
it's the hard part that no one is doing
I'm gonna be I got to move with this
huge car short people in the way
in his room eat somewhere listen colobus
paperless
we got to get the whole squad
all this so you might go there from
Mexico and her husband Egyptian that is
so you have Mexican to have Egyptian
what's up Mohammed biome it was good how
you guys do it thank you so much I
appreciate it Thank You Beth
you guys are homies thank you so much
your toy I'm sorry thank you
okay do me again get it's time to wrap
up this vlog I hope you all enjoyed this
is life then make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey marsan huge
birthday shout out to you I love you so
much
thank you so much for always being there
for me especially when I'm down you
always bring me up if you guys do not
know my family they're like they're my
life pretty much especially my nieces
and nephews they're my freakin life I
love them so much a lot more surprises a
lot more crazy announcements to make
just stay tuned like a lot of different
surprises different announcements do me
getting just be ready I promise you guys
and thank you guys so much for your
support it means the world thank you so
so much and I'll see you guys tomorrow
thumbs up this vlog and I'll see ya
tomorrow take care oh I like killing
more not here in the hallway yeah that's
what they all say
