Hausa the person director oh that's that
datatype that people used I see that a
commission yeah you seen on the Commerce
right yeah and I see on your phone or
London I download it how about you this
hey guys what's up for duty game I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing it so everybody
Manning an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy a few moments
later one eternity later
a doobie gang if you guys are watching
this and you guys celebrate Eid Eid
Mubarak to everyone worldwide what is it
yeah but for them is today so antibiotic
to you guys it's your family's keep all
your loved ones close kiss them hug them
and tell them you love them seriously
guys a dramatic to you guys I hope you
guys have a blessed amazing amazing day
right now it is not eight for us we have
one more day so you know what that means
I'm going each happy hate shopping I'm a
true Arab so I'm gonna go last minute
which is OMA right now so shall we head
out yeah you have some nice shades right
there buddy let me see you guys in the
next
adieu beginning I am back from each
shopping it went amazing but right now I
need to tell you guys my last words
about the secret project so for you guys
tomorrow is September 2nd and as you
guys though September 2nd is the day I
reveal what the secret project is so I
want you guys to all know September 2nd
tomorrow the video is gonna be released
tomorrow will be out 3 p.m. the reason
why I'm saying all this right now
because this is the last time you will
hear me speaking about revealing the
secret project because after tomorrow
you guys are gonna know what the secret
project is and I'm not gonna lie I'm
really really nervous but I guess it's
natural and it's normal to get nervous
but at the same time I'm really really
excited so I don't want to give you guys
too much info but tomorrow's video will
be around 2 minutes and everything in
that video is serious and means so much
to me has a lot of meaning into it so
I'm gonna need everyone out there who is
watching to go crazy on tomorrow's video
I'm gonna need every single one of you
guys to give it a thumbs up leave a
comment share it everywhere and yes
that's all I must say these are my last
words until you guys see the secret
project I just want to say I love you
guys so much and I'll give you guys my
little mini speech once the secret and
the video is revealed tomorrow and when
you guys know what the secret project is
I really hope you guys are as excited as
I am so this is what I'm gonna do
Hammond says in the living room right
now playing with Fremont lesson you
could pretty much say that I stole his
phone and the crazy thing is I guess his
password and I got it right it's the
easiest and the dumbest passcode ever
it's 1 1 1 1 1 1 I'm gonna download
tinder on his phone you guys don't know
what tinder is then I guess you're just
too young I'm gonna download tinder on
his phone right now and then later today
I'm gonna pretend that I need to use his
phone for a second and when I do I'm
gonna catch him with tinder on his phone
and I'm gonna question him about it so
let's download tinder right now
guys I'm gonna make this even crazier
and I'm gonna make him an account yeah
I'm mocking his phone right now I'm
gonna go put it back where it was
then imma see you guys in a few so I'll
see you guys in the next shot that was
overdoing it subscribe for daily videos
I upload every single day so make sure
you guys press the subscribe button the
notification button and let's do this do
me gang I'm setting the camera here
right now I'm gonna be laying down over
there because times it always comes here
watch his TV he was just here but I told
her to go look for the remote and come
back so he's gonna come back here any
minute I don't know I make my knee move
I don't dance now
yeah cause an earthquake comes uh let me
see uh let me see your phone real quick
for what I needed to compare something
for my Twitter it's here it's with where
is it hello what is it don't nobody the
person what is it all right okay
why would I saw hated your Douglass
before how many ones is this all ones
yeah it's like the easiest password why
would you put up one one one that's a
dumb password what the hell I reason
nobody's home you need to get the
batteries frosene fixing yo why is your
Twitter your Twitter is the morning
version my Twitter is the night version
the night vision how do you fix it up oh
yeah
yo me immediately worship they're not
made of elevation I'm Chuck I gotta try
to fix it I don't it's okay I don't know
if my phone's messed up or if you're one
is mr. brown
oh you messed up as a good care of it
sometimes you have tender so did you
have - none your phone like what is that
you have tender what is it
such a night dumb you know what's in
there is what is it
how's that know what is Cindy not
talking about tender chicken I'll talk
about tender that huh I'm saying you
spoke about it with meat on the day but
tender cuz I saw it I run into my phone
today no I'm not talking about the food
ten years I'm talking about the champ
Thomas into the app why would you have
to turn your phone
no no Samus you know why would you have
tender on your phone Hamza in the right
there oh that's that dating app that
people used I see that a commercial but
yeah you see another commercial right
yeah and I see on your phone all that
denied download it how does it I bought
you this phone for a reason what lies in
ayodhya it I bought you this phone for a
reason I didn't give you this phone to
your tender and go on dating app that
you even have pictures Pierson boy well
know this about me how you delete this
how did you
I am say give me my give me give me
another I'm particularly fond of working
me give me a phone
all right you said what first you lie
and they say wall up of lying
why are you doing no I am just give me a
phone look Hamza come on I bought you
that full of reason so who downloaded I
don't know lady so whatever they don't
cut that my phone whose can I do with
you that your dad would not tell tinder
oh I know
ha ha ha thank you where your phone
well if don't download it out I'm gonna
leave the app right now we need to lead
at first I don't get you why would you
even do this but I did not good
Simon work that you even have any
matches look that house matches so I'm
trying to play dumb I'm not play dumb
i'ma call and get your phone line line
cut off I'm gonna take all your whole
phone no hello good we weld it can you
cut off the the line the number six for
six
ok thank you so much ok thank you
look listen listen always download it
let me speak to you look go okay this is
between menu we're speaking right now
you could just tell me am I gonna tell
anyone download it all i'ma do I'm gonna
just take your phone okay no one's doing
I'm gonna tell your mom or your dad
nothing that you have tender oh that you
had so look if you want to try to speak
to girls and think about marriage get
marry me this what did we didn't down I
didn't intend on your phone it's like
you're 13 years old darling
hands up look dumb I've been through
your age I've been there done that you
can miss her if you come in zoom out to
have it well I'm I'm gonna get really
really mad
sit down sit down
I don't know why you do it it's a brand
new iPhone that I gave you for your
birthday
well that broke my heart that broke my
heart is he left he's so mad he's so
freaking Oh dance that I Lauren he moves
he's expensive these is very bottom
Jesus bloody shoes I don't know if he's
coming or not I got somebody to call
how's that Hamza
come come
come sit down mr. easy what do you want
look again send up since soon look
there's a lot of you that look up to you
alright you know that I a lot of you
come I know ask you for pictures and
stuff and they ever see your phone
I'm a duly tender and I'll give you back
before mama give you one chance no
chance let me give you one last chance
ok I'll see you again one of those ABS
okay well oh it's on you thinking use on
there
I'm not the one downloaded I'm not even
joking right now ok but next time like
when I passing your phone with the
tinder there ok ok good this is what hey
breaking yeah cuz he weighs like double
my weight and he jumps on me I got this
is so good he was chipping out he was
like oh my god I cannot get to with
chicken tenders I got my father sonnies
and now I see you guys in the next guys
do me a thumbs-up I love you guys I'm
gonna go throughout their freaking pray
I'll see you guys in the next shot in
all day killing more night here in the
hallway
obviously you cry yeah that's what they
all say I'm about to go missing taking
out a gay got myself in this position
always got an attitude never showing
gratitude always wanna talk but she
never wanna listen
Oh
