nobody messes with me and nobody messes
with the people in the Middle East send
me the video okay you can have the head
okay okay guys what's up a new me yang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so far
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day in Douma
gang today vlogging why was that he just
call me a wit take your scooter back man
I really do not know why you call me a
weirdo when he came with a scooter and
just left it here but what are you doing
what do you already look weird on
someone call me weird today man what the
heck I seriously do not know what's
going on but anyways we're about to head
out chill out for a bit I have Jamaat
here with me the roast master he's
calling me weird but he's right there so
we're gonna head out i'ma see you guys
in the next shot
deuces man here we go what we go yeah
what how door yeah I go first
all right now I know what I want to call
me a weirdo even my dad is looking at me
like I'm some kind of weird but we're
gonna head out
after you guys and yeah of course
hey Anand won with a trying to ride my
way back but you know a guy named money
kicks do you know money kicks no you
don't know many clicks Dino is goodbye
oh you don't know what to buy you don't
know Dubai do you know what's New York
City no you don't know New York City
tomato what did you know nothing husband
nothing school me getting I'm with the
squad right here too mad and use this
the man is about to me nipple for the
first time ever
so while meeting in we should do
something how about this I'm gonna make
you walk alone
and while nipples walking alone you just
attend you're walking alone and you just
bump into a villa hey watch out what are
you doing good
that's not the first question right
why you wear my shoes yeah oh yeah
ain't coming in a few minutes Sarah okay
yeah keep laughing are you shooting with
yeah what are you doing
from one of
yo it was good no you what did he tell
you he's like yo watch where you go good
smells of big houses I like you we're
friends are those massages oh yeah
so after 17 long years nipples going to
town square bananas do it and after like
a really long time for me I'm going to
time to wrap a bit of time square for so
long I always miss it and then when I
see it like a couple minutes kind of
getting like stick of it so my huge fan
Thank You Man I appreciate I've been
watching you for a while
Thank You vent all my friends they're so
into you and I'm from Philly yeah really
so last time I was here in New York
there were no TVs and stuff and roses
billboard you came in what years without
husband man the years a lot like wow I'm
aren't eligible for that's before 9/11 I
love it so I just remember it was just
Billboard and like posters that is out
there you see these bro this everything
oh it's a lot different now there's like
human beings the tops of buildings down
cool what is this the red stairs what do
you mean what is this you just sit there
and look at my head yeah why why not but
why just trying to do it hey Tin Man I'm
not heating I just relax imitating the
rules incorrect it should have put the
declutter
okay Michael attend box where you can
present here looking at a heater that's
right
let me tell you the rules of near
experience someone comes to you with a
mixtape do not grab it senator
someone comes up used Ã¦nima comedy
videos how to get that ignore in New
York it's fun Bobby
bumps if you know me in front like in
Toronto he top I use your guard man
who'll get stop man turn juice on fine
as we go higher so these ladies are from
Toronto right and you say what what why
wouldn't use it I think this is better
man oh how are you doing I don't believe
this
why you like it I don't believe it it's
fully naked I come to my own what books
are many clothes incisor
Holden's eyes he doesn't want a picture
you guys close and what
aki-chan what if you know you want to do
check back I'm taking them away
awesome Alice a fool to manage people to
four girls yeah that's really really
good
imagine matters what they get the Hat
right here will call you on the letter
what's your favorite color blue blue and
what blue black blue luckily our guy's
been like ten minutes let's go see if
Jim at hat is ready ready why are you
drinking coffee
a mime engine buddy got that how do you
like you like it
and so funny my man
we do meetings you guys do not know me
my name is Adam Austin yeah yeah Sally I
haven't been on YouTube for so so long
so I'm so so sorry
take my fucking okay kill it or not here
in the hallway
hello yes I am speaking he did not say
that say hola okay send me this video
right now making this video I'll watch
it right now nobody messes with me and
nobody messes with the people in the
Middle East send me the video okay
settle it Mariela okay every single time
I'm trying to make a calm nice video but
another youtuber just called me now I do
not want to say his name but he is
telling me to react to another video of
this guy named Jake balls who said some
racist stuff so I've been waiting for
this text and I'm gonna watch this video
right now and we're going to react to it
because what why I do not like it when
people are uneducated that's the biggest
word I know
uneducated yes that's you Jake balls are
you what I gotta feed you I got the
video he send me the CD let's watch it
he'll do it okay okay going on in there
hi can you put this in block please yes
why are you from I'm from Kazakhstan the
Ryu but it sounds like you're just gonna
blow someone else did he just say it
sounds like you're about to blow someone
up it doesn't sound like he's about to
blow someone up sounds like he has an
accent like me I don't know maybe you
should get your ears checked if you hear
something about to blow up maybe your
ears are very very dirty so I have for
you some q-tips my friend here this is
what it is oh wait wait wait
or maybe what you hear is your brain
because it fell from your head to your
ass well I am already so so mad this guy
is very very uneducated but let's
continue watching this video send a look
were you making Franklin
this guy just says sent an oak send a
nuke
what do you mean Centeno oh you mean
you're gonna send the nuke to that
country because that's all you've been
taught to do bomb other countries no one
messes with a demotion yes solid I mean
he doesn't mess with me but he messed
with the wrong people because that boy
has the same accent at me so he has a
same accent at me he is messing with me
how about you Jake balls you sound like
you sound like you're about to steal our
oil in the Middle East a stupid I cannot
watch you so much okay to be honest the
fact that he has the guts to post this
themselves just shows that he doesn't
really care about offending people
what he did is continue to make people
think that anyone who has an accent or
from the Middle East is a terrorist and
the boy all he was doing was trying to
show that he likes him and he was just
being so rude to him is disgusting I
mean even if he trying to be funny
that was not funny now everyone who's
gonna watch Jake balls videos they're
gonna think it's okay to do that to
anyone from the Middle East was there
anyone who's Muslim and go up to them
and say oh my goodness it looks like
you're about to send the nuke Jake balls
what is supposed to be showing the world
that were able to love one another if
you continue this you're just going to
be another Donald Trump as the Muslim
youtuber and as a youtuber in general we
should be the change we want to see in
the world that's all I'm going to say
that's it
so you guys enjoy this video thumbs up
subscribe put your notifications on make
sure you guys get me to eight like get
me to eight likes thank you guys so much
and uh I don't know what to say but uh
yes let's send all the smart you know
the educated people out of your country
and we'll see how smart America is I'll
see you guys tomorrow do me hearing
taken and peace I love you but in all
day yelling or not here in the hallway
opens me you'll cry get us what they all
say I'm about to go with
