they're knocking on my door right now
we're back we're better we're bigger it
zoom again Adams family shit open it
what's up you can have the heddle be on
my okay guys what's up incoming hang I
hope you're having a busy day because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day adieu my gang this
is nipples first time ever in New York
City since how long 17 years
mm n7c year long years this is it's
really different New York City is really
different out and you're going to see it
really I'm excited right now we finally
I finally seen the first ever an
assembly member right now he's the
oldest Adams family member or the second
oldest to be unplugged and his name is
you sir solid I'm losing my voice man I
am losing my voice from India Egypt
Australian why I'm exhausted
I am literally like I feel like a
machine right now but hamdullah
I'm coming home I'm home it's so nice to
be a home user because whatever I see a
mine own home and like feel good I feel
good yes
he's so good I do man man it feels good
to be on the ground man after so long 20
hours realness
I know man really really long but it's
all good I'm not going to my family
never was going to head to the hotel
we're going to see him tomorrow or
whenever who is that hi Gina hi Reba
I miss you I miss you more coming down
who's crying
why are you guys so today they're
fighting for the fauna so easy are they
coming back mommy
prema hi Deena Deena so Colleen beam up
coming now Gina I'm coming hi Deena so
I'm flying back now I'm fine what's up
Japan eight I dream a damn was even
decided she's like shut up hi muffin I'm
like 37 million minutes away I'm coming
now coming out oh my god hurt again
there's another they keep fighting for
the photos but they keep fighting for
the phone so it keeps hanging up and now
they're going to keep calling me
non-stop so to see you guys in the nerve
shop in Douma gang it feels so good I am
home after a long long time
this is probably one of the longest time
I've been away from home I am so so
sorry zooming yang I know you guys love
the home vlogs but I have to do what I
had to do
I do my secret project and it's the
start of something crazy something
amazing and I promise you guys are all
going to love it and I'm finally 85%
done with it handle I'm going to finish
it up in end of September right now I'm
going to be home they're knocking on my
door right now we're back we're better
we're bigger and zoom again Adams family
shit open it what's up
what Joe just yes yeah yeah doobie gang
a dilemma is back I must speak to each
and every single one of them so I can
see who forgot me who did it and see who
missed me the most and who did it okay
this I always do every time you can
service she hit her head of my hat I'm
sorry okay
okay Marvin look at them say hi oh hey I
do me gang my name again elevate all up
MA this is monkey doing this what the
heck can I do love is dudes a monkey man
gentlemen did he miss me or does he
think I'm a treat take your little self
take your little self you're not tough
and the dude is not some piece where
he's tough relax relax
like why did you hit mother look at me
okay I'm sorry I left
what's my name hey this is like what
what I don't get what you're doing
you're gonna fall okay rustling it is ah
1 2 3 whoa boom boom oh did you miss me
yeah a lot go the target zone
alright we're back with batter or moment
turn out missed me a lot get down weak
good job insight you guys I don't know
if this kid is gonna stop man we're
gonna take him away he's too bad right
now he got a horse hi Dina
what's my name uncle Adam or I can sorry
Oh must have stop man please chill out
bro I'm not a tree someone get this kid
security security and two three cylinder
you know what go
I feel like this is a meeting with
someone comes to like jumps on me as I
was crying and tells me to beat up to
beat up the security agent Madison's
Jerry and I beat him up
I'm asleep in the round pool we don't
like security out here man where did I
go Dena Pakistan I didn't go to Pakistan
why did I go to the gym yeah I went to
the gym for like three months
I mean three weeks oh I want to the gym
with users really what did Rima whisper
to you go with you huh did you miss me
no more I'm going to leave now again
yeah so far dinner plans test muffin
sale the test
rimas next your birthday's coming up
right August 30th do you remember me
what's my name again hide the more no
it's not Adam did you meet JLo my tongue
you bigger your tongue it's okay
so do you know where I go where security
Andy yeah you're so crazy with a whole
of course you do big security security
room I love the light yeah when I love
time it's this slow nothing's changed
you want doing food he came back with
cheeseburgers the only thing that
changed the only thing is is that you
lost a little bit of weight which is
pretty pretty good high five
I'm proud of how we got the homie use of
right here say what up and that's too
tall now to even look at you yes I
oversee books one minute oh we go
similarly thank and this is so much
damage it took my spotlight
with you so much hello welcome home Alec
you'll rescue one all right now I'm
getting you I'm very good
how do you feel it was a double jump
jump jump come back sugar and then
welcome to New York lad I know man I
miss you so much I've been away so I'm
not sure what were you alone I found
like a little I miss you miss you more
yes but I was so scared to get a beam me
up yeah I thought escaping because I was
away for a long time yeah oh damn man
yeah sorry woman you go Joe how's that I
know you got skinny Guinea what do you
want them you know I got us you want
that so juggle anymore unless you want
to thank you okay
so do you know where I go yes where you
enter India muhsinun goodbye he did some
work what the hell's going on man like
inside India yeah
no why yeah Australia I got some bad
news tell you guys alright guys this is
like really sad news okay so I know I
came back today my mom what I'm I'm
leaving tomorrow for tea for two years
I'm just joking I'm staying here for the
next two months
yeah but guys I'm going to have some
family time right now I'm gonna go eat
show the family I always have to have
family time so I'm going to end up like
here if you guys are ready for more
family like thumbs up I want to see
every single one you guys thumbs it up
oh my god you guys are dreama thumbs up
so everyone is lost
Angemon thumbs up subscribe us subscribe
now 160 down oh I gotta see you guys
tomorrow
take care and I'll owe you one
but in all day guillain-barr√© night
here in a hard way
Bently you'll cry get us what they all
say I'm about to go with
