magic baby come up in the back of my
spaceship go you bad matter back of the
dangerous so dangerous guy yeah like
it's like the famous
hey guys what's up and do me yeah I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day it do me
gang I have some shocking shocking news
I'm moving back to my old house but only
for a few days but I will explain to you
guys everything once I go to the old
house because it's kind of a long
emotional and kind of story
but yes as you guys know I had a really
big fight like I knocked someone out a
few weeks ago because he tried to rob my
dad at the old house do me any look
everywhere right now and I was planning
on never going back there again because
this comic dangerous but I'm forced to
go there for my family I used to live
there since I was three so I have people
I can't leave there like forever so I
have to go back there and I'm doing it
for my family and I'll explain to you
guys once I'm there I'm only gonna be
there for a few days I'm gonna miss the
new what I lost and meows but at the
same time I miss the old Adams family
house too so anyways getting be good for
some of you guys it's me you guys miss
the old house so so much so I'm gonna
stay there for a few days I'm gonna come
back here we're gonna have some dope
crazy vlogs some positive energy and a
lot of fun to do me gang
so right now let me go say bye to Rima
and Watson like it kinda sucks I just
came back from Birmingham yesterday and
I've seen it just for a little bit and
now I'm leaving them again let's go see
what they what they say because I don't
read mind wash then are gonna get so so
mad they hate me when I leave man but
I'm gonna try to tell them to just come
I don't know let's see let's see what
goes I'm gonna go tell them Bowie hey do
bi do not forget to subscribe and put
your notifications on because I've been
uploading every single day since 2013
and I haven't missed Asus 2016 I don't
know why I keep saying that it's just
like world record man put it in the
Guinness World Record and do not forget
to thumbs up and do me again and
whenever I say thumbs up I want you a
thumbs up so thumbs up come on thumbs up
damn why be so lazy Wow Oh be thumbs up
guys I'm beside the room right now
come on same awesome awesome awesome
awesome awesome oh stop good on you
think of pet puppy what reoww reoww
reoww
how are you evil you're good yeah I got
some bad news Tony how do you know I saw
your pocket you saw me packing oh my god
we gonna be spying on me what you spying
on me
No
Oh what the heck guys I don't know if
you can see someone down there but my
kind of peeking man look I got a spot
look let's spy on me this is what they
do they come down they peek and they
just run back up do what you do that
sometimes
yeah I peek and gonna go in look at him
what are you doing huh why are you
stalking me I haven't even told Boston
but Watson can I tell you something yeah
I'm a first of all what you do today
what school yeah what are you doing
school hey cookie what else
cookie what else did you get
what else did you do I ate him no but he
does eat in school what did you do did
you learn anything I think oh my god did
you learn something
yes what did you learn what did she say
okay she's good yeah okay wait what are
you doing in school
eat all day so Moss and I haven't told
you but um ah I'm going back to the old
house I know I know I came yesterday but
what's wrong with you sad okay oh wow
screw you then yeah but oh my god Rima
but um ah I have to go I have to Wow so
long it's a long story that I'll explain
once I'm there but if you want remot you
can come just come with us my luggage
you're gonna come to see good let's go
good guys come don't you guys in my life
something beautiful few days I'll bring
it luggage so that's let's do it guys
come on come on let's go guys
weapon I'm gonna be buddies like a good
sleep in there what the heck
I go saddest Christmas you guys already
coming what I won't tell nobody doing I
promise all right can you guys even fit
it do me gang I just got to the old out
of family house what's in we're we're
here with Deena Deena CI we're here with
Jim and Jim sei we're above us all above
us obviously I what's up ready eating
you know who's in there all right guys
you guys ready ready say
Oh what are you guys doing you want to
go to the new house yes
hi going son alright bye Deena do me I'm
so excited to be back wow look at this
they change though leave this they
change it the whole beds here wow they
got here
look swag we might be miss need mist old
house well there's a step stool there
Wow can do me gang I will explain to you
guys everything why are we here for a
few days in a few at the end of the vlog
but for now we're gonna turn up chill
bring back some old memories man I'm
gonna tell you guys what I used to do
when I was younger and do me getting
when I was like 6 7 years old I just
have a little ball like this and I said
I couldn't afford like a basketball
court so this light right here look at
this light this light goes on off on off
to try to make it it I should go like
this I just take this basketball nice to
have to hit it on the light and if the
light hits it it turns off if I miss it
then it doesn't turn off a muscle stop
stop let me show you my shot okay guys
ready hi guys I don't know if I still
got the talent to do this but i'ma try
my best like I gotta hit it on the light
I will light turns off that means I made
it nice to be this short but I feel like
this is already set alright miss so give
me a few tries Oh
now the kids are gonna be addicted to
this thing Muhsin you gotta hit it
exactly on here like I got to go boom
like that boom look it's harder man is
harder than it looks come on come on you
man come on come on you got this boy oh
come on can I get a good jump shot
though
come on g-man step oh come on go to Shu
the next time though do me gang I've
been really put rerun Muhsin inside the
suitcase that was just friend to save
our purposes for you guys but I am back
here in the old Adams family house I'm
in my room in my old room I only got
this cuz I'm gonna be it for two to
three days I miss my old roommate this
is crazy I miss it so much but it's so
so messy man look at this everything is
just a complete weapon comes back you're
mad yeah well you met these comes back
but every mini Slim is back yeah this me
again
what are you mini slim minis I'm the one
who reacted to and I roasted it ok this
UI again yeah no way so what what did he
do he uploaded another video yeah what
the heck but he didn't hold up wait I'm
confused
you're telling me mini slim came back
and did a video on you no way I'm dying
first of all I was like a year ago and
then watch the reaction to it if you
just left you two for like right here
and then you just really can't reacted
to it after that video was a year yeah I
love it
it's like kid beat this is so funny but
I didn't go see the video hello yo j-man
is looking it up right now to show me
man I'm really curious to know like I
don't really know nothing I'm into the
whole boxing thing right now but you're
mad like I don't know he just told me he
got mad and like the dissing baby is
back what did he do what is it called my
roast mini slow location reacting to a
dramatic diss track he reacted to
distract yeah
oh isn't that Slim's like intro like the
music
what the hell died maybe slim this dude
yo slim what the heck he's a
many-splendored do me game this is so so
interesting to me because I let me tell
you guys the backstory to this so I'm
pretty much there's a youtuber Who am I
he's like a kid it's called mini slim
implication he looks exactly like slim
and I believe slim reacted to him and
I'm a lot of people started knowing and
then this kid ended up like coming at
you man and it demanded it is like crazy
this track they had millions of viewers
right here was it gonna Rosalie you shot
me first you think you're the best but
no you're the worst I'm the most master
and it runs around rushing to go after
like a year and a half ago and now this
dude came back to reacting to Gimenez
diss tracks he caught you two for like a
year year and a half but now he's back
there's lots of it lately I'm curious
even if I'm still shorter than you I'll
still knock you out
yo chill man I want to beat me again
sigh man what's wrong with you my G
oh damn you want to fight me over -
what's up man I can't let you still ate
I don't care what do you mean you care
yo dude yo man yo go ahead demand is so
mad and he's so sick man has a runny
nose it's tough he's not going to school
for a couple days so all mostly I would
roast you again even if you're watching
this I would roast you again hey you
took my another year oh my god what are
you mad for why I was looking for sister
guys guys guys everyone come here
I need talk these kids both you guys
okay look at the end of the day you guys
need to know it's all love you know even
everyone out that I love and it's for
entertainment purposes I know I know but
still how much I to know you know I'm
saying
I didn't write what strike I'm not
myself
okay okay G okay he asked you for the
rose I know you asking for the role he
told oh my god
by the way I know I know many son was
like I don't did the whole thing for him
all I did was like bring it together but
like most of the stuff he was coming up
with himself I mean hopped in my bit I'm
not gonna lie but like when he was seven
years old when he was doing this track
he was coming out with some fire ish man
like Japan isn't natural that's why I
call it roastmaster I would just call
him awesome as me for no reason
I call him roastmaster for a reason man
yeah look at this mep coolers do oh you
guys are so like keep my name out of
your mouth again we said we did what
what what didn't they they're so tough
and do me a I memorized to never show
this side of the room but I'm on now I
do it because I said I want to show the
windows you guys are nose projects
whatever I don't care man I'm happy
guys guys stop guys Oh Mostyn wants to
tell you guys oh yeah let me ask you a
question who do you have a crush on you
know what I was asking must mustn't who
you have a crush on why do you guys have
a crush on each other you guys are
cousins man I mean hey raps do this but
like what the Freak man y'all they hang
out with each other every single day man
stop stop what do you guys do hey stop
by a wood hello
get out get out out now you're gonna go
I'm going to your mom do don't tell your
mom - yes I am I'm son again dude until
I get do Dhoom again we have more
special guests I'm trying with the EZ $5
someone said if I take off my shirt like
these kids on the iPad is a click iPad
iPad give me the iPad huh so addicted
man young died in my house it did be
really just take a picture for $5 guys
should have negotiated and said $20 be a
good business man male sup man come on
you something is worth more than that
man come on see women oh she's a
business woman right yeah come on just
keep it simple you know to beautify our
lives you serious yeah hums I McCallum
Anna
oh man it's a normal day door it's a
normal day nephritis
hi I got a challenge what's the
challenge challenges if you can make a
knot with the stem of a cherry in your
mouth or with your hand hey mom what's
it who's gonna battle me mean who now
leave this to healthy what to healthy
with the head hi guys ready go
I do this before I think I saw you swat
you swallowed it what the heck nosey see
I did put it inside I think I did this
before yours and your final stomach huh
okay
viral really all right do me a hope you
guys all enjoyed the vlog so far if you
guys are make sure you give it thumbs up
man and go Turkey if you guys do not
know the Adam eats tour make sure
you guys get your tickets we're going to
London we're going to add and Bravo go
to Sydney I'm on Melbourne we're going
I'm trying to name every city I shall
remember Sheffield Bradford Manchester
Birmingham I don't know if I'm missing
anything if I am let me know in the
comments well but it's right here it
makes you guys get your tickets throw me
get your tickets right now I'm gonna
tell you guys why I'm here why we're all
at the Adams family house the reason why
I'm here is because my dad is really
really sick with you guys and I told you
guys how my dad is not feeling well
lately and he's been having like been
going back and forth to the hospital in
the hospital he goes to is like
literally next to this house that where
I want to be with him I want to be by
his side and a Miriam I must say want to
be by his side like here like whenever
I'm in New York I'm gonna stay as much
as possible with him because he doesn't
really want to go to Long Island because
then he has to travel all the way to the
hospital like an hour and an hour back
so it makes that harder for him so he's
forced to like stay here my sister's be
here sometimes so I want to stay here
with my dad and be there for him so um I
hope you guys understand that I hope you
guys still enjoy today's vlog even
though was an old family house don't
worry do me a that's pretty dope to have
you know a vlog in the old family house
and the new Anna's family house I really
hope you guys did enjoy today's blog if
you did make sure you go to thumbs up
and go Turkey
do not forget to subscribe and put your
notifications on it do me gang we'll see
you guys
I'm gonna turn up tomorrow yeah matter
of fact a good vlog idea for tomorrow is
I'm uh maybe me and happens that will
reenact the whole scene of them the
whole knock out in the fight that I had
a couple ratio that's the whole thing
I'm worried about being here because I
don't know what I'm here like I don't
know what happens the cops will actually
come off like the guy would come but I
don't think he'll come because you know
these nowadays you know I'm there but
I'm so short
yes thing that's a kazoo anyways do me
again I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace I love you I love you
