every day would ever fuck with us really
Habibi gay I mean you can have the head
oh my
hi guys it's really really windy right
now I don't know if you can hear us I
went to homie lashes Rockets they would
have be back and his reveal is already
on his channel so you're going to see it
straight down below his hole reveal is
holding you ready yeah usually I was
ready for Mach number but right Oh
watching yo get the details oh this is
great Wow I know it's abusive oh wow so
we've got it we've got to do some to
enchant send some free stuff here's a
pre-approval Wow I'm baby fig you know
tell about how do you do
Habibi gang write with unrelenting
translucent representing Middle East no
one ever represented us when we're
growing up a baby gay happy v-day right
there yeah and he's the youngest in the
crew I said yoga to the youngest recruit
official truck happy beginning on his
right there my man we got a couple of
more cars over there Rolls Royce and a
Lamborghini in the back Ferrari huh oh
my gosh
hi guys one of Russia's like secret
products he had was he was on the track
with Fat Joe and Dre he did the intro
and in the music really who was in a
music video
EJ herded everybody that when Rocco has
like eight million followers in fact the
Latino king there that is everybody was
broke Jones everybody that is that is
crazy and he's brought in the Middle
East in the beginning of the song he's
like a Salaam alaikum who do you know
that Salam aleikum in intro only
homemade duo is that that's it
put up in the big boy trap to the big
boys it's so so Wendy's I don't know if
you guys can even hearing the decide
closed door we're all those playin it
goes Oh magic I thought open it again
look at this magic hand and boom hi guys
we got one for you here
we got one Tadashi's right there another
Ferrari here another Ferrari here the
biggest one right there crazy driver man
this is gonna be a movie we're crazy
driver wrong with you
how's it going to think of others you
got to be crazy because when you do
supreme crazy you got to do crazy the
wind is finally calming down right now
it was so windy there was like a little
mini sandstorm it's the first time ever
experiencing something like that I never
knew in a million years I'd be like in
this crazy speaker project with all
these cars and like oh my god
and big things happening like big
production big everything so I just want
to say thank you guys so much adieu me
again Suzie thank you guys so so much
none of it I am losing my voice none of
this would have ever happened it wasn't
to you guys how's it going secret
private road incredible sort of thing
where Christine it is going really
really crazy
it literally hologram driving fancy cars
and stuff I was just saying the house
are yours like if it wasn't for them we
wouldn't be here right now no I'll be
doing yeah Sadie's my love has got so
much man and I don't know if I've ever
said in the video but like I solicit the
baby since 2010 well good and I'm so
might have this I don't know if I said
about my ex girl I think here I'm a
finger ellipse things are a song yeah
yours
yeah and in movies I mean I'm still
sheltie heart and I'm saying is her and
I was like lipstick it was so cringy I
was like I made a whole like little like
in videos you remember you sent me you
send me a video action on like a homage
of what you done back there yeah to help
my confidence in you yeah this cut is a
little nervous when now like not a thing
of like I was doing and I with you here
I know every day I love the use or what
expertise you should go this one teacher
come on Detroit hey be quiet
a rep respond again shut up like this
basically you want to put your thumb
right there and you want to tuck this
phone in there and maybe gang thank you
we got showers over here how's it going
yeah you're good looking very pretty
like jasmine again the blue is my
favorite color
yeah ready for today I make the last day
no no don't say I'm gonna be good yeah
oh hi guys I got put some peaches
go around talking about it the coffee's
getting be a better seat
the United United army I'm honest before
I really wanted to wear for this shit
I always fear on you man I'm so sick if
you're like girl you look cute our news
on also guys we have the only multiplies
real man act with a lot with love with
love and we are going to say happy be
gang I don't even started j-stars they
called alleviating the credit for a
little square I have use again ho black
and Habibi hang so one of our squad okay
Chloe yes everyone you have to be nice
and positive about happy be happy be
happy every day we'll definitely javi
the game is so nice to be so proud No
oh god you shadow to the main stage go
pop your shit about my Tivo Iliff here's
the byway device man you lucky man but
not just what they deserve or you have
the whole squad here man me Sadie but
how's it going both good bro grazie
understood I've never been on a show
like this in my life
no way a lot of videos they're all very
fun there's people hats like they're not
going to be ready for this two of them
let's do it welcome over what was have
to pull through with the Mustang we
don't have to be out here yanking on man
you know what I've been here like four
hours behind the scene I know I'm sorry
about appreciated I've been here for
like an hour guys I am with the homies
right I promised I'll put him in flying
I'm losing my voice I'm sorry
so I'll put a little vlog here have to
go inside the Rolls Royce you guys want
to check it out go check it out can I
give a shout-out yo somos one Ali
Mustafa
I met your shine in my buzzes mom man
right there wasn't a human jaw shut up
only con Chemical came out the only like
come on yeah you're like no one else I
like that I learned my lesson but what
you never ever used to stand Adam I'm an
avid me Adam oh no and what's that wow
you know yourself my name is Jude yeah
or just to money
no doubt
so much too much my god
what job is to do with us I said it's
the moment
you must obey guys this is so based on
here today horribly though he's the
coolest guy on the planet I've never
seen of coke from everything father
Roger Ramey's article
Oh
I've been how do not believe in the by
is the last time we're gonna see added
me to get on a blower no lost law and I
lost by with the by now you cruded in
heavy being so we're not the last time
I'm so tired
literally a lot lastly hostile right I
know I'm not gonna go to tell mother
with you gonna catch me so or a transfer
which was terrific subdue me getting I'm
so so tired so I mean in the blog here
but before ended I just want to tell you
guys and I have a wrote a district on mo
flags I don't know I must have order
because I was probably like mad or
something like that but now that we're
you know we're cool with it you know how
we began stuff like that Adam I don't
know what to do so you guys thought
maybe I should release it in like a
friendly way unless someone else wrap it
for me maybe I should let someone in
that family rapper for me or something I
don't know you guys let me know if you
guys want me to release it give this
blog a thumbs up
he has no clue about this so I don't
know what you're going to think but you
guys let me know if you were to release
the diss track thumbs up and I'll see if
not comment below your thoughts and
you'll see how it goes tomorrow we're
getting back in New York City with the
Adams family so give a thumbs up and
I'll see you guys tomorrow I miss my
family so so much miss them so much from
the bottom of heart from love them and I
missed em and handle I'm glad and done
everything is pretty much done as they
have one more location that I'm going to
go in September and that's it I'm done
with the secret privatise I'm done
doesn't that me you guys tomorrow
take care early but in all day
guillain-barr√© not here in the hallway
obviously your cry get afoot the off day
I'm about to go
