we if we fight it will be a movie
one-on-one fights but now you want on
five minute it'll come out how you know
when you post me with come on come on
Holly buddy you can have the head of the
old man do me gang you want the only
body care she just got back from Miami
to France run in France back to here and
mashallah he is killing it bro and he
gets every time I see him he's getting
cold
it's like control this is not very love
it you he's like an inch taller I can't
believe it the first time I see them he
was like this talk I was like he was
like here then next I was like here than
here then it'd probably come next time
like this I'm going all the way I got
all the way up not sickest ah ah yeah we
had to come through and with the secret
project you know we had a core no we had
money kick tattoo gave also top secret
we're not going to say nothing but go to
Russia's extremist phonic it's Vic and
it was weak you have to have a lot of
sugar part is coming to us yeah do they
know one nice that you know nothing
nothing give them a secret I do yeah
what else
give it my sneakers you guys are going
to see it's going to be a nice day so to
give me a say but you chat out to the
whole Monica's letting us use like is
farm operation so I appreciate so much
and there's a leopard right there try to
get it go get a few my guys we have shad
via Chabot
how's the senior projects going what's
he complain
how's it going so far
well we just saw this day one of our
secret product in Dubai and it's going
pretty well
and shadow just putting on her makeup I
already got my makeup done cheap I don't
know what it sees up here right there
there's some already ugly now just
getting over all of that myself I know
no verges I don't know why they put I
guess for the camera or gonna get ready
right now why it's fun is why not I just
did something outside meet baby and now
she's going to go basically you're going
to be next align the baby line but it
feel like it's like it's like told it
amigo but it's going to be huh
yes everyone's told them to me so it's
okay everyone is told on me so huh
Michael be careful
yeah Jeff can be careful though about it
I'm going back behind you go like the
bottom yeah what so she's telling me
Chad that means liar you're chedda
chedda chedda I'll say it again
now and when you go inside with the
light I'm going like this I make so much
noise from big attack it
hi guys very done for the day shooting
everything right now we are with the
home when he kicked he is fixing this
car right here like he's going to wrap
it up with a surprise but the top secret
fabulous someone's going to be man we
can't even leak it we can't say what it
is we can now make stop two three it's
just going to be crazy huh all right so
guys watch me watch with him but I don't
want him like like approach me like in a
way like this buddy me up for some like
I don't approach me in a way like if he
was about to be here but any plugins up
there by Bob Zoellick I don't want to
sneak vlogging like this sneak bug and
become another fixity if you vlogging on
blogs I guess you all the dispatcher
bees coming in sneak luggage at an
uninvited once again you guys listen to
the city I know what I was watching
right now what I'm saying is it soccer
when approaches me in a way like no I
think I'm a little bitch or something
like that right hey you what are you
doing like I don't like that Oliver
River
I don't like to do that in my bootys
keep around moving to come back okay he
had both become anyways everything that
lifted after the summer cause of to
happens up for all weapons was the talk
that you guys are burning that's illegal
yeah I had no issue with the reason I
came up three row he's when I came up to
me like talking about issues of ID
nothing against invoke there's a primary
agent gets me area because it was the
small you represent a culture if he's
gonna from he was going to come you have
to do we have to do but letting sustain
wait why'd you hide in the car he came
in in his hat in the car no I don't know
how don't rush it
someone come out if you scare to look
about I don't fucking stomach come on I
want to see somebody I want to show I
want to show everyone how you poached me
it might be don't why however it should
be don't know about this fucking ten
magic I don't give a ten man bro we if
we fight it will be will be one-on-one
fight but not everyone I want five
minutes come come out is how you when
you approached me with come on come on
just how he dirty
come on Joe you tell them to come out
the same way you can say someone's come
up the Engel says you cannot sell your
wares you right now man come on out he's
all I was opposed people write this he's
what I want to vote for me talk to me
bitch face yesterday was do nothing
watch it right now bro I promise I'll
get me say one thing
oh you can't afford okay show it don't
hide and be like a little girl right I'm
sure that is like it okay and second of
all don't poach me in the way of what I
sell that I love you but don't approach
me like Whitacre camera you said that
making school touchable
no matter
lovely I suppose
I did
maybe first pettalia about the video
that I'm sorry
to the honestly like definitely always
being offended by that light it was just
I didn't want to get into a situation
where like people they say all you said
bitch you said that's all that cool I
need to could have told that day I was I
would have reacted like her or anything
that's all like what a discussion yeah I
should have told you before and I should
spoke geography and no I just finished
speaking to know about no issue and I
feel like it was a misunderstanding I
didn't know you came and he did it all
that I came and money kicks his right
James right that were all represented
like a culture the middle either so I
guess I'll go squatching with you and
there were no more issue numbers but
before all this I mean Adam were boys I
am and I told it my absolute scholarship
but yes they thought like it was a
misunderstanding yesterday I came
because Fatih didn't know we had
anything here and that kind of just like
make things worse yeah yeah and once
again I apologize for whatever videos it
and I posit for coming at you on Twitter
yeah and I apologize for coming at you
right now I just did it from your
opponent good I felt like you were
trying to baby me yeah in our engine in
some kind of a connection I didn't act
in them and to be honest yeah I guess
James in the middle kick you I didn't
even crossed our mind fuck with people
punch on happens you have to jump in by
itself a Discover card yeah yeah right
you have to set it up so I stood a zero
do not remember you could roll
implicitly we're going to play funny
video sizable iPods one abundant I'm
sorry if I made it seem I soldiered on
this no I to be honest now that I think
about it glad you thought he didn't know
we can't believe I think that he didn't
know we had initiate you to refresh yeah
he had no injury and also lashes I'm
sorry he's he helped me out well I'm so
sorry I apologize and I apologize I
apologize that I should too I'm so so
sorry this is really awkward but what
about sorry and thank you for like
settling this Thursday I'm so so sorry
I have no more I'm done amended and only
some internet is to show like okay I
don't want to create a fight no no no
except because a lot of people when I
treated they were like
kind of crazy grandma I'm not about up
I'm trying to create Java but he's the
one that pushed me to it first but we're
ending it out like men and I know it's
kind of awkward but yeah yeah it's
really really cool but yeah we're ending
in out like men and yeah that's it not
hi guys so this is kind of awkward what
your math up there I know but we've been
speaking to like 20-30 minutes we
understood each other yeah he said
inside I said my side and once again I
apologize for for the video before by
some apologize for approaching you in a
kind of looking aggressive man out
putting on front of your outer Faisal
like I know I totally get like where he
was coming from this all like honestly I
feel like we were just this
understanding each other and it's not
talking don't get all that we work
toward you know I'm sorry if it made
like a new beginning box that you got on
and I'll be doing the other side and
that idea don't do me any good squad if
you guys see us right now squashing it I
want you guys to squash the two and ammo
the issue happens because a mutual
friend which is sadly Maddie's patented
up he didn't know we had kind of like an
issue whatever he brought he brought
mobile on and I didn't know he was gonna
be there and he didn't I was going to be
there so we ended up saying like what
the hell wired like but it became like
his whole issue but for both bloggers to
vote for going middle or saying right so
we're both we're both was gonna have to
settle this I go map so you can work and
I'll take time to obviously Halloween be
honest 22 is like 22 I'm 24 and we're
both going we can't be dealing like that
I don't know this be for anything
alright that's it that's it I apologize
once again and as this medial guys not
very good I'm able and it is kind of
like a kind of sad because you hung out
before yeah we still have a long time so
that no I'll come up set that Adam star
shine yeah well I'm just trying to make
things cool yeah but I totally get it
yeah I know um ah yeah that's nothing no
Tuesday that's talking today and forget
about it I'm like mission no more for
nothing but yeah let's see it
dumi yeah I'm gonna end this blog here
because I have not ended the vlog
because of everything that went on I
just wanted to chill and relax right now
if I'm looking like this is because you
guys will see it as tomorrow's live
median shafts which is something really
really crazy you guys will hit tomorrow
but I just want to give a huge thank you
to the - it's my wife I'm on money
chicks a little sandy mobilize so it's
like sorting out the issue I know it was
really unnecessary drama and happen at
the wrong place at the wrong time so let
it aside and mobilize doesn't know about
what a monastery not books you guys want
me to meet Lana and its family mom
thumbs up this video maybe you'll see a
lot of guys wanting to meet for
recompete his family and I'll we'll see
what happens I'm leaving like today so
we'll see what happens
thumbs up I appreciate all your love and
support I'll see you guys tomorrow
I love you guys take care and happy and
do me dang time John John John
run I love you guys okay
guillain-barré not here in a hallway
she beckons me you'll cry yeah that's
what they all say
I'm about to go missus taking out I got
myself in this position
