right gonna take some Instagram pictures
yeah look nice all right
all right change of boys chanting boys
hey guys what's up and do me gank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day at do me gang today
is a really really big day because my
whole family is gathering together to do
a barbecue and I don't think I've ever
done a barbecue with my whole family
this is why it's a big big day every
single Adams family member is here today
why you naked was it is naked why you
butt naked mustn't I love you guys are
you always eating he dropped it I wanted
hi guys I'm would say F so I want to
tell you guys a fun fun fact okay so the
last time I was at this backyard which
is Yusuf's house was around 10 to 15
years ago say yeah we never knew he was
even existed this is way back when you
were negative five years old
this was 10-15 years ago and we put
something inside like the dirt and the
grass we buried something like a note
and a shirt we wrote something on the
note it was me Yusef and my oldest my
oldest niece we buried it inside and me
use it for thinking about like you know
you know digging and checking if it's
there cuz if it's there
it'll be insane
yeah okay Devin us no snitching
hi guys they got this little dope water
kind of part kind of thing let's go say
off you ready
so first thing I want to say to my man
Yousef it's congratulations he gotta
care if I got a hug here what like man
this is a huge huge milestone he's part
of the Adams family so him getting 100k
at the age of 19 is a big big muscle
sheep adoptive okay you got this keep
going keep grinding 200k soon
yeah hundred two hundred math two
hundred K coming soon we also got Halen
in the building literally every single
one of my nieces and nephews especially
like the other half that are not in
vlogs or anything on camera are here
which is crazy this is rare this is a
big big day but Adams family Nate got
the fresh trees over here this is
Matthew's of Nana can I get one good
these one is a good one
mm-hmm this is not a freshman Wow so you
put this inside like t70 lodge they make
maracas the Arabic key whatever thank
you
it smells so good it smells so good
taste it isn't what we do that's it you
crazy
what's eat it tastes like I just ate
like grass with mints all right guys
right now we're in users backyard
exactly the place where we freaking dug
and put our paper in our shirt inside it
was right there I remember exactly where
it was exactly over right there goes
around here so you got to dig all of
this just to be on the safe side dig all
of this right here we don't know when
we're gonna dig this Bhama have to come
to use this house today to do this I'm
happy to come to your house that you had
to let me know I'm gonna come to this
house and we're gonna dig and we're
gonna see if there's I feel like the
aunt ADA the ants eat it like the a
paper I'm just talking for yeah we're
gonna go back there I don't know
sometime maybe this week oh no touch it
this is my times that every food is not
yours man look but take a capri-sun go
jog around the block and come back this
is my chicken right here look at this
who's he favorite basketball player
let me see you shoot a shot who can make
a shot
who's your favorite basketball player
you me high-five everyone seven Curry
said ready maybe that's Jack come on
let's go through mashaa allah only Arabs
dude is man this right here is my dad's
car the one that I gave him that's
another car that's another car and I
believe there's another car there's four
cars for the Adams family that are here
we do me gang I just snuck out for my
family's barbecue just to go to Party
City so I can get something for Youssef
for his 100,000 subscriber on YouTube
where are the balloons look scary clown
mm-hmm wait wow they have a mask of me
here what the heck oops
Wow slim this is crazy man they got slim
without a beard found the balloons the
balloons are here hi guys I got some
silly strings to spare and Yusuf I got
some stickers to put on the balloon
Congrats I'm gonna get that color the
golden one a 100 and a cake I just snuck
in to use his backyard have Hamza here
I'm sexted his older sister I told her
to keep him away for a couple minutes
he's probably wondering where I was
right now what do you wonder no here
eats a hundred thousand one hundred one
hundred thousand hundred thousand
subscribers you guys are all gonna spray
you said okay and you guys gonna say
congratulations for a hundred thousand
okay alright guys I got use this black
camera from our oldest niece we're gonna
bring him out right now we're gonna
catch the MoMA and his camera and on my
camera guys you guys ready okay I've
gotta go
congratulations
oh my god I saw you I had to make you a
man your whole front yard is a mess
oh my god hi guys I'm inside Yusuf's
house right now as you guys know it's
summertime prank week I know I haven't
done a prank yesterday or the day before
so we're gonna call this summertime
prank month because it's really hard to
do it every single day because they
start noticing my pranks and stuff like
this and I got to do it when they least
expect it just like right now so this is
what I'm gonna do I have a shisha pipe
with me I'm gonna make my nephew Yousef
go take Jamaat next to the shisha pipe
and then take a picture pretending is
cool and funny and then a few minutes
later I'm gonna walk by and I'm like
what the hell Jamel what are you doing
smoking shisha the new stuff is gonna
play along with me bleh I don't know
he's there smoking shisha and savage'
man
get ready I'm sorry but I'm gonna have
to get you and get you blamed for
smoking shisha when you're actually not
but yeah let's see how this comes into
me gang I'm with the homie you see she
just say what's up this is what we're
getting do I know we're gonna keep the
camera here I'm gonna go away you bring
Jamel and hands okay whenever Jim
outcomes you let him sit down here
pretend you're taking a picture with him
but let me take a picture of you when
you're thinking push out is just cool it
now I'm gonna run in and see what he
says and you tell me you said pretty
much is going to set them up you're
gonna tell me like yes I'm smoking it
alright guys I'm gonna head out Yousef
if you got it thumbs up thumbs out for
doom again let's do it a few moments
later alright
what come except she doing
take a picture you know people say we
look alike take that and hold this put
it put an XML also let me think it
pictures me look here right take some
Instagram pictures yeah look nice all
right all right change of clothes change
of clothes do I know what's gonna come
on what are you doing what are you doing
no what are you doing let me use the
toilet take a picture you trying to take
a picture for Instagram well I know you
do this about you let me down Susie why
would you do this
you know they know I have to call the
cops call the cops I know yes the police
yeah there's a kid by a goes by the in
German Sallah he was smoking he'll tell
you notes how smoking hookah he's
smoking hookah mm-hmm you like telling
them too right
okay okay I'll see you guys when I come
when you guys come okay okay
go get it I give up you better give up
stop turn run away that's all right come
come be honest never told you I told you
feel from fuck you from Adams family to
address them okay look I'm telling this
from our why would you do this
what's wrong with you hitting me trying
to tell you that smoke shisha that's not
what I'm saying
stop yeah I'll take the to do the truth
did that oh I'm not doing with that
Jamel he gets violent and crazy Yousef
you do it with that if I'm not gonna get
you stuff what's our Greek huh you don't
know now what I guess that
okay do me yank so I just got home and I
lost my voice whenever I'm with my
family I speak so much I yell so much so
I lost my voice and something crazy just
happened to me a little a couple hours
ago I don't know if you guys a lot of
you guys me know I got hacked on my
Instagram and also got hacked with
something else that's really personal
but it's a really long story I'll tell
you guys everything maybe tomorrow or
the day after because it put me in a
really down down mood that people
actually go all out to do something like
that so I'll keep you guys updated with
that but for now if you guys enjoyed
this vlog make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey thank you guys so much
I love you guys and I'm whenever because
this thing like everything so positive I
was with my family I was having an
amazing barbecue and that happened and
then it like ruined my whole day and
ruined my family's all of my family's
day because I was with them and I had to
leave them and stuff so I'll see you
guys tomorrow I'll talk to you guys
about it tomorrow
much love yeah that's what they all say
I'm about to go missing
taking out a gay got myself in this
position always got an attitude never
showing gratitude always wanna talk but
you never wanna listen oh hey
goodness
