leave them alone leave him alone it will
pay for nothing you wanna believe during
Volvo Dillman you guys if you can start
this yet if you can shop this year here
we can solve Corsa we can solve it I
thought biggest over here all that so
cute you can have the head of your
number
oh man oh man oh man Wow boss not again
not again
hey guys what's up at doing the gang I
hope you all having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy hey we have a
bank
I miss this girl so much Dean I love you
and I miss you so much okay
you didn't hear my head and I watch me
with I'm just jokin my head is good but
I do my gang I need to update you guys
on something really really crazy do you
like those yeah her biggest fear is dogs
why do you hate God so as you guys know
I uploaded a video today called the end
of the world prank on five-year-old gone
wrong
and the prank was on say F okay like it
was wrong
well I loved him and I wanted to do the
same prank anjuman or Hamza but joe
maddon Hamza they see in the video they
watch the YouTube video so I can't do it
on them but Reema has not watched the
video Remes with Tyler and I told Hilah
to not let Reema watch the video so
maybe tomorrow or the day after tomorrow
you guys will see the end of the world
prank on Rima but it is still summertime
prank week I was supposed to do a prank
today I had a crazy crazy prank in mind
Angemon but this gym at is on the
lookout with me today I'm not going to
do it today and I'm sure you guys
something really real amazing imma show
you guys something really amazing later
a video that I call last night but for
now let's have some fun you guys will
see it later on to the blog come on huh
nor the handshake hey hey hey with you
bro Elvis Elvis is there someone already
Ivan
hey good chili yeah so you got the curry
Jersey on who is your favorite player
curry Carrie what's your favorite food
chicken curry
what the heck what's your favorite drink
next Larry
who's your favorite player Carrie Carrie
what's your favorite food anything
everything so you guys are homies dinner
sure man
Hamza and we got the homie uses hoodie
man who's on 96k right now almost 100k
subscribers the Yousef congratulate you
beforehand congratulations
is the battery tonic a one man you know
what I'm saying do me and Gary you know
my next victim of the summertime prank
week it's a man I wanted again I'm told
that today but I'm still waiting
patiently is not gonna expect it and he
says yeah you prank you
you know what the prank everyone Thank
You Dena I love you I love you Tina
guys do you know said she's gonna go
prank oooh you said you're manahan's oh
let's see how she prank something I can
stay up painting do not even touch me
Jackie's over nothing up over it you
think I can't or no I think you can do
you think I can't hop over no whoa no hi
this is almost my height
hey Dad I hop over now yeah yes so I'm
the yellow one saying no you chicken
curry I think I got over you yeah I'm
taller than you he said he told you said
he can hop over this but he's taller
than me use it you should know my hops
man you know Maha's high you should know
my height boy you should know my hop
high doesn't matter
party line though okay
okay yeah yeah sure yeah I can do it or
no I like that man tell me again I'll do
it
no one can bring you down without a
gotcha gotcha
anyone who says no but prove me wrong
Ready's ready yes yeah go DW
I got it I didn't would I didn't I could
do this the right way
I'm the way before the earthquake let me
get you know 900 getting rough you guys
start working on stuff maybe you can hop
over this I'm you see my friend almost
works on you Rose you got hunter you
represent well I guess you can't play
all of us are going to play here and you
can have fun over there okay the Duda
students can go all around to come in hi
guys the Yousuf jumped over the fence
I'm not gonna tell you guys to be mirror
or not you have to see it and his like
but it was crazy
well so you're not supposed to read
supplies man I'll Ryan can you reach it
try to reach it go ah
so happens when you're a shorty that
runs an Addams Family usually air shows
okay relax oh you ought to defend your
sister we'll all showed you not me okay
I don't care why more no more yeah okay
tell us a move hey Pema baby sit
w rush it hi guys last part of the day
you know one ice cream they say I love
you guys okay you guys thumbs up thumbs
up I love you be good okay
BYE MOM I love you so much okay okay
cookie milk Dana I love you take her
again okay do me gang I am back home and
I'm in my little brother's room I feel
like my little brother's room is my talk
to talk room and it's crazy because my
little brother helps me so much behind
the scenes but he never ever wants to be
shown in videos the last time he's shown
in the video was like years ago anyways
I want to speak to you guys about
something that happened to me last night
I feel like I caught the most amazing
moment ever on my cell phone I caught
the most amazing moment ever in this
world on my cell phone the reason why I
want to share with you guys because I
feel like it'll inspire the whole world
so make sure you guys watch this full
video so let me give you guys the
backstory so I was waiting for my over
and I've seen this man it's really grown
man he had a woman with him and they
were arguing with each other two or
three guys they were arguing and they
wanted to like kill each other
they kept cursing each other out they
kept trying to hit each other so while I
was waiting for my over I kept staring
at them and a lot of other like
pedestrians and by Stander's were like
staring at these people arguing so I was
there watching and listening to them are
you doing while I was waiting for my
over my uber was four minutes away while
I was listening to them I heard one of
the guys say you only 17 dollars all I
needed seventeen dollars man one of
those guys accidentally broke something
of his that costed 17 dollars
everyone around us watching they were
just like laughing like yeah let's go
fight man let's go fight they have their
cell phones out waiting for something
crazy to happen and I'm not gonna let it
got me really really angry because why
are people wanting you know
entertainment drama in their face when
you can settle it and try to fix it so
while all that was happening I felt like
a green light was in my head like I
don't know something in me just like lit
up and like what
laughs swear to God I felt I felt too
inside Mars like Adam you can fix the
situation looking at my uber app I'm
like I over is three minutes away I have
three minutes to try to try and fix it
since everyone is recording trying to
make something crazy happen I'm gonna
record this and fix it so I'll put my
phone on record mode and I went up to
them I kind of risk my life because I
didn't really know what's going to
happen you never know what would happen
in New York City anyone could have like
a weapon anyone could just hit you at
any time but I felt that moment deep
inside my heart I'm like felt like God
gave me a sound like Adam you can fix
the situation so this is what happened
all right what's hitting Larry Larry all
right Larry Larry
what's your name your name c'mon stay
out I'll go Aldo Aldo okay so he's
asking to you guys about $20 $17 $17.49
on although your problems then everyone
linger broke you could do it that's it
everyone just leave soon that's it Adam
Adam Adam are you from I'm from Yemen
yeah yeah you know is that uh yeah
that's a minimally yeah you got it right
and you know you guys if you can stop
this shit huh if you can stop this shit
here we can solve course man we can
solve it that's our biggest over here
strange huh so cute that's so cute
later 30 minute hold on are you nearly
we talked to you so come in this way I
could figure out he's holding up at a
big fight foot what's the problem
I know this lettuce is the problem in
Yemen what is it
United States yeah - oh no station
Russia and you are okay and England the
United States Russia and England yeah
trying to tell you how to run man trying
to tell us how to run our country we do
pursuit yeah oh man look
alright I've seen you out I don't know
only reason while recorded because I
felt like I felt a moment when I seemed
to write how they go they're us they're
legit about to kill each other
yo they're gonna kill each other I'll do
I think I can fix this yeah of course
yeah that's what I've seen I was like I
have like I feel blessed and off the
back station out yeah yeah yeah we're
ours
they'll understand with more on this
country yeah
and they keep this guy over here with
this much Keith so brandish it
Yeah right Larry not amazing good long
II meant is in the middle a you got
remember so unexpected having this whole
video and like it makes me feel so good
about myself because when I fix the
situation
everyone loves everyone who's trying to
record trying to do crazy but they all
love they were gone they didn't care
anymore
it's better to keep it peaceful to fix
the situation and I'm not gonna lie me
in my life like I've been through so
much viola stuff where I enjoyed you
know like seeing people fighting I'm not
perfect myself but when I've seen a
situation like that I'm like man I'm 24
years old and life is just this whole
world is just filled with violence and I
felt like I felt like God gave me that
grill out like Adam this is your chance
go do what you got to do motivate the
world and you can inspire the world but
also when the man Larry started tearing
and telling me about what's going on in
my country and Yemen if you guys do not
know there's like a big war chaos going
on puts me in a really down mood because
he even said if you can be peaceful like
this the whole world can be peaceful
feel like this video right now is
raising awareness Yemen raising
awareness to the world to not you know
fight each other
and to fix situation instead of
recording in China record fight so yeah
I just wanted to share that with you
guys I felt like it was just a moment
that happened so unexpected from God and
I feel like I'm lucky to to be in that
position to have happen because it was
literally so random waiting for my uber
and taking four minutes that all
happened in four minutes I feel like
that at four minutes on my life was one
of the most beautiful four minutes of my
life so I really hope you guys get
inspired and start you know fixing
situations if you see any trouble or
something around you try to fix the
situation instead of trying to make it
worse I love you guys so much and I
appreciate you guys and remember stay
positive and keep everything positive I
do want to start something for my
country Yemen like a donation page or a
campaign or something but I'm just
waiting for the right moment to do it
because I want to make it perfect so
Yemen just know that's that's my blood
that's that's me man so just know I'm
always represent to Yemen I'm always
gonna you know what Larry did he helped
me represent Yemen he raises awareness
be a man and raise awareness throughout
the whole world so do you guys want I'm
going to tweet this video not this video
be right now but the video of the
beautiful moment that happened
so if you guys want to retweet it go
retweet it and go to spread awareness
and yeah that's it thank you guys so
much for everything
yeah I cannot thank you guys enough and
I'll see you guys on uh tomorrow do me a
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
I love you hello hey fuckin all day
giving all night here in the hallway
could you get you up and you'll cry yeah
that's what they all say I'm about to go
missus staking out I got myself
