s-stop it watch me
hey guys what's up you're doing me
getting I hope you're having an amazing
day because we're having an amazing day
so if we're having an amazing day you
all should be having an amazing happy
dude it's crazy
guys we have visitors coming over our
house so this is what my mom does this
is called behold it smells really good
but too much of it is crazy oh my god
Arabs these days this is what you have
many ladies do they use this as a
cologne they be like deodorant whoa
so sisters visitors coming through as
you guys know I'm heading out the house
ASAP but before I head out the house
i'ma let you guys know who I'm pranking
today he goes by the name say yeah solid
I love say F so much he's one of my
favorite favorite nephews I love him to
death
but I'm so scared of him he's the only
nephew that I'm really really scared of
and he's only five years old and the
reason why I'm scared of him is because
he's a legit savage and he hates it so
much when someone pranks and if he finds
out today that I'm pranking him he is
gonna go insane so wish me luck and do
me yank so this is what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna make this fake video as if the
world is ending and then when I go over
his house I'm gonna play that video and
we're gonna get his reaction but I do
not know how to reveal that it's a prank
so let's see how this goes all right
guys I'm gonna be recording some audio
right now just to put it inside the
video and I'm gonna change my voice to
like a monster crazy robot kind of voice
the world is ending in five minutes say
yeah Sallah
can you dance for me alright guys I just
got done making the audio I need to edit
the video right now but this is how I
sound totally gay makes you guys thumbs
up this video or you guys will get bad
luck thumbs up
I wish me luck and I'll see you guys in
the next shot well I guess the world
ended to him tube top hi guys I just
pulled up in front of staff's house I'm
so so scared
shout out to the man right here I got
the coil because there with you of
course man any time I mean they gets to
do me right here for me
fight over there no it's a good thank
you thank you so much I miss you so much
I even good it's poppin' gee Dorgan
chill it organized I'm with my nephew
right now
Yusef Salah and we're planning to do
this I have the whole audio video
recording my phone I mean I'm a phone
I'm a laptop great I'm so scared here I
was surprised when he showed me it's
just the craziest idea that I've seen in
my entire life
I was dying I swear to god I'm I know I
mean a lot of people do the end of the
world prank but you know we got to do
the atom salad family well yeah this way
hilarious you guys are gonna see it I
need you to set the camera I need to use
work I'm here
you're usually does this camera is
Lauren zoomed in and we can use it you
can't let see it because you'll end up
bugging out and let's do it ready okay
let's go it's to a poem you crazy
thumbs up thumbs up
Oh ready you catch I open hands like
this Oh balls
yeah who's that oh do you know who is
useless to me
come on is that who is he who is he to
you are you taking off your glasses you
take coffee sure I hose it to me whose
use of - you ok cool now Who am I Who am
I to you ok since he's your brother
Who am I to him is what this program
this is an emergency
please follow his instructions
what is this
the following the purpose is transmitted
by the request of the United States
government this is not a test the world
is ending in five minutes I repeat the
world is ending in five minutes please
speak home I would like to speak to a
solid do some solid and say yeah I saw
them I want you all to give me your last
words since the world is ending in four
minutes channel I love my mom I love my
fans do me game I love everyone who does
I just want to say I love everyone the
world's ending and you're not good
enough you will be gone in five four if
you want to come back to life I want to
see him dance let me see you dance
hey Sam
I just want to say this is Adam and this
is a prank and I love you moments later
you're sorry sighs I promise that stuff
guys
me and Steph we're friends now you know
what you mean hundred thousand
subscribers he's out guys this one of us
AF his channel him and uses shadow to
almost a hundred thousand yes subscribe
me like a free plugin he said like
subscribers AF our use of song just
click use of Sally and yeah you'll see
it's typing use of salad and you'll see
him the first one and so say F won't be
me up with guys I want to give you a
shout out to my sister which is Yusuf's
mom crazies unbelievable but I'm here
because but she makes my shallow the
best best lasagna ever famous lasagna
ever since like like 15-20 years old
she's still making them banging chat
secret recipe citizen Sonya look at this
hi guys it's been a fun amazing time you
know say f we're gonna end the vlog he
said he wants to do it on re my next
time so thumbs up if you guys want us to
do on Reba tomorrow before the videos
out so before the video is even out we
can do any more yeah but we got to do it
before the video is even out or we can
put the video up and we don't give Rima
any phone or iPad and still do a thumbs
up if you want to see it on Rima what I
love about you is what I said Adam saw
sucks you said no so thank you so much
thank you see ya alright guys
I'm ending the video here if you enjoyed
it make sure you give it a thumbs up and
go Turkey
thank you guys so much I'll see you guys
tomorrow one light one guys get one like
let's do it
can we get 1 like 5 likes an old prank
Rima
5 likes let's do it with the voice 5
likes don't prank Rima with the voice
subscribe put your notifications on when
see you guys tomorrow
are you gonna get a hundred thousand by
tomorrow
that's essential look we got to say I
love you you guys say I love you first
let me say I love you I love you yeah
that's what they all say
I'm about to go missus thinking outta
get got myself in this position
always got an attitude never showing
gratitude always wanna talk but she
never wanna listen Oh
