hey guys what's up in to me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day
Adobe gang I am back to the Adams family
house I just landed from Birmingham
literally right now and I haven't done
the intro so I'm doing the intro for you
guys if you guys do not know the
Instagram famous music video is finally
out I've seen you on the front page
don't you know me cuz you'll better be a
start got the grandma I like getting off
you are on TV shows in a Jo show I want
to give you each other - every single
one you guys have shown so much love
will comment it thumbs up reacted to it
I appreciate every single one of you
guys thank you guys so much if you guys
have a check that out make sure you guys
go check it out go give it a thumbs up
go refresh it go home with it new
challenge exact night this is literally
one of our favorite favorite songs that
we make together and we cannot wait to
perform it for you guys so make sure you
guys go check it out the link is down
below also if you guys do not know I'm
doing a tour with fouseytube the atom
meets tour and the tickets are now
out these are all the cities that we're
gonna be I do meeting make sure you guys
get your tickets because always like a
month before the show all the tickets
already sold out and a lot of you guys
know that tickets Adam have tickets so
I'm saving you guys the disappointment
I'm telling you guys right now we also
had a backstage so backstage squad it's
gonna be real real it it's where I'm
gonna be doing like challenges with you
guys some backstage lying what you gotta
chill out you guys the backstage and
VIPs are literally like 90% sold out so
make sure you guys give you tickets for
those if you guys want those tickets are
also in the link in the description
anyways looming egg let's get the black
started because this blog is a big big
achievement it is the first time I've
heard me and Fanny would perform way
night together and on my way it's the
first time we've flown together that BBC
Asian Network this was the first time
ever that it was sold out and it was a
pleasure being there the homies man was
there Jay Shawn was there Imran Khan and
a lot of talented artists were there so
yes who me
was my journey must squad me at the BBC
performing I hope you guys enjoy it
thumbs up I must not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day don't
be gay I look like a complete mess right
now because I'm learning from a crazy
crazy play but still yes enjoy enjoyed
the body no guys were here Birmingham
arena it was time with the whole squad
about to go in in like 30 minutes
ready my team ready my family when every
person is here with us to tell you guys
what up before you the you know the
stage shaking you know I'm saying we got
only my choir Mike man you ready
always good shirt by the way freshly
from the home not man your girl forgot
the homie said right we got laps homie
let's write them we got the one and only
baby baby ready first time performing
together
on my way that's crazy anyway night
waited oh my god I'm so good man my
family was like texting like oh my god
you can't drink the PAS we should go to
beat here I know you guys missing out
I'm also have a Birmingham we're here
I'm sorry I'm cutting her up let's go
this all happened if we're going to
Fox's fight man you know I said okay
sock it happening squad will be open
about boxing fight hello what do you
want to fight your boy bro oh I know you
watching this mole oh yeah
he's defeated the class right now
focusing on the show today also at the
homie table right here yeah buddy no can
scoot from London or Berlin Outer London
shout outs to add a little in minutes
much much you know kamar there I like
staying there can I stay at all but
Stephen and receive in your shadow
Stephen ceiling boy love you as you guys
can see how my hair is trying to steal
snacks from here we got a situation to
be what everyone has accent hero really
lacks an American a British accent
American is English as New York accent
you're gonna kill this performance I'm
just gonna be you guys
ready to go man about to go on stage
right now
during a trouser
princess every one two three and I make
some
right side look like movie out of here
nothing with the cash is getting Moody
over here God's baby is on look hey hey
come on baby yeah
guys we've also got our dancers here for
I'm always it what's up what's up our
going was good
what you guys are about to see is gonna
be so so dope I can't wait to go save
your baby's murder in it though
Hospital work election
snow so far from greatness I still got
time for good girl I'm still just got
home from Lebanon my iceberg got so full
I had to get another one so that my life
in a runway way EJ's on a PJ but not so
the PJ got baby I'll replay exact paper
like a briefcase I'm a making a severe
case today
oh you don't worry worry worry
everybody say
it gives you
Hey
I love you so much
baby murder
I do be getting it is time to wrap up
this blog if you guys enjoyed this blog
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey my family will be reacting to
Instagram famous and I'll be also
looking out for your reaction since
you're very famous on YouTube and I'll
be doing you're reacting to reacting to
Instagram famous once again thing you
got so much more you love and support I
appreciate you saying when you guys do
me any time alright guys do not forget
get your tickets put it out of me
toys you guys are getting two shows in
one I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow with
the average family take care and base I
like
