you can have that'll be hola hola como
started doing gang how are you guys
doing today I hope you all having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy today
okay so something crazy is something
kind of weird just happened right now
and I want to talk to you guys about it
because I want you guys to tell me if
this is rude but not so usually whenever
I wake up I would go out with Rima and
Muhsin and I don't really have like it
because I just want to chill with them
so I took them out earlier to go eat
they finished eating so I was walking
back home with them they had their
scooter so I was walking them across the
street like this it was kind of like a
lot of work because I got to take care
of Marcin and I gotta take care of Rima
she's only five and mustn is only two so
while I was taking care of them and
crossing the street there was a fan
across the street he was like 30 35
years old a grown man he was yelling my
name it was like I don't I don't I
looked at him and I waved at him hi I
said hello and I kept walking because I
had Weston and Rima with me and I was
crossing the street and then he started
telling me Adam Adam come over here I
want a picture come come over here so I
kind of looked at and I'm like dude you
come over here because I got the kids
with me and it's so hard taking care of
a two-year-old and a five-year-old who
have scooters and who were very
energized so I always am again I'm like
you come to one a picture you come and
then he looked at me in a really rude
way and he just went like this and I
ignored him and continues to walk home
with Rima and Muhsin and then I go my
Twitter and this dude has the Twitter
this 35 year old grown man has a Twitter
and he's calling me rude he's calling me
names it was pretty much hating on me
and Twitter I don't even think he was an
actual fan I genuinely think he was
probably a hater but acting like a fan
because he just wanted a picture and he
wanted to brag to all his friends but
he's a low-key hater but i'ma give him
the benefit of the doubt so let's say he
was a fan was that rude of me to do that
or is that not rude for me to do that so
you guys let me know do meeting with
that rude of me to just ignore him at
home to come or was that not rude and
I'm just being a softy so you guys let
me know in the comments below just know
I love you guys and whenever I see you
guys I would always take a picture and I
would never ever try to be rude or mean
to anyone unless there's a situation
like that or if there's like an emerge
to see that I have also look at this
spaghetti here look at my hair do me n
you guys so far I got five thousand
thumbs up in 30 minutes which is really
really good thank you guys so much
I'm about to head to hammers this house
I believe Marcin and Reimer they're
highly and hands up so hopefully in 24
hours you guys can get 30,000 thumbs up
or else this hair is gone tomorrow so
I'll see you guys in the next shot
because I haven't seen Hilah for so long
and I haven't seen hands up so long I'll
see you in the next shop alright guys
I'm gonna have this crimson look
disguised obsessed with my song with
Fabian James he's listening to our movie
but that after the will could have been
a so fat we had to get the hamster a
bigger cage a dooming he turned into a
big boy Austin hi guys I just got the
Hamzah's house right now highlight is
knocked out asleep Severn stands up
today
why are you ganging up on me like this
what about getting it up at me I thought
you was on my side Remo and by the way
you guys got 9,000 thumbs up in one hour
so far so Rima looking pretty good I
think so
and I hope so cuz sometimes it just
slows down because everyone just turns
to sleep so hopefully everything what do
we get ready to cut it you better be
cutting it this way cut it cut it
get it I'll keep the thumbs up on the
lookout in my last vlog throughout this
video but right now I got to check up on
my homie I do me it how you do me
he be like you
hahaha I love this I want diggin and do
me go run run run then and then deliver
a doobie brother
my man's chillin kill me my boo didn't
kiss a duty oh they're so cute
okay do me yank to these rebels right
here we'll only Rima she told me that
she wants to watch videos of her when
she was younger I know I know mom let me
show you right now Rima asked me the
other day
look Rima has been a youtuber you know
this is crazy Rima has been a youtuber
before this kid was even born
before we even knew this kid right here
will exist Rima was there ready on
YouTube this is this is insane okay
every month imma show you our first ever
video that we've done together you ready
this is our first ever video this is
about five years ago in 2012 we go way
back Rima and it's only a 49 second clip
on YouTube with I know that that's you
kept hitting me to play back this maqam
ESA's day one
all supporting in college I look so
weird without a beard she's trying to
fix the camera someone's cloud that's it
that's the video no joke I really really
miss like baby baby baby Rima I mean I
still love this dream of I miss baby
baby Rima because that's what got me
first to start you - just me and Rima
we're just killing on YouTube we still
are so high five yeah I'm not showing
again Robin
I wanna go shows again we all love doing
shows more than I do and I love doing
shows a lot more but sometimes getting
out of it
you're never you get every sometimes now
you owe me do you get nervous and she'll
turn on ya you know you're nervous at
all
well Rima pretty much you know she
didn't yell she pretty much de you get
nervous and I don't alright let's watch
another video this is our second video
it's called baby Nicki Minaj you ready
alright we make you less of that yeah
all done
why did I do that what the hell are we
doing
oh I love mommy shuttle moment you which
is what yeah but I'm gonna Adam said I
love mommy I'm such a savage hi guys I
want to get home to the reaction to
himself four or five years ago when he
was not taking off his shirt when he was
a good kid
I think so well actually who's bad
almost all his life
the Hamzah for two minutes want you to
watch a little video highly still asleep
right now
hi ah haha yeah listen what should I try
to take your hat yeah you're looking I'm
dying
hey Melissa agreement now thank you now
okay let me see
dad you know all right yoga has it look
like Japan how about this I want money
guys to do a British accent this out
suck at it hi I want hi to go for it
how to do it do a British I what's
happened I don't think you're British
acting on a roof they're going we're
good I do give a British actress oh
that's greatest actor ever
thumbs up every act thumbs up I always
do it any quality pennies I bet you
haven't what the hell good boy you okay
why you gotta play me sit other men do
nothing like what every major unloader
what the how they do me yeah I want to
say thank you got so much for like
always
growing up with us and just being there
with us and being part of our lives like
we truly appreciate you guys being there
and seeing times ago from skinny to
chubby and then hopefully going so you
know it's working out so I just want to
say thank you sir
resilience and our hundred thousand
people who watch this every single day
thumbs up this video support off your
everything reboot is it all technical
she's up Wow
what ever made it fully oh hey no
fighting
Hey what oh my god man I wish you guys
were younger back in the days but not
look at them look at him man I wonder
how everyone's gonna be oh man oh no oh
no you better not start oh you better
not start homie yo I haven't rode what I
need for so long but hoverboard I
remember doing blogs like 2012 and I do
it live in 2015 with this and now it's
almost 2000 I remembered you think
entertain is that oh hello going on
right now and then you hide it and and
it would end to the end of the love you
gave it to them and the next order
I remember when I watched it when you
pretended oh and you hide it and and you
missed it I mean we're gonna tend to
give it to them reanima and you pretend
that I've been and then solenoid Nemo
how would you want a good you growing up
i'ma go Gophers then right here he is
the man oh yeah oh yeah isn't it
I've known him since since before I even
started YouTube right that's true
and how was I let him know how like how
good of a boiler it was out of control
article is really really bad I'm sure
whenever I dig into trouble like to run
and hide with Jaime I think it needs to
help me so much the he shot I said all
right I love you both through mom's
middle name is dangerous east to be me
Muslims going to take my legacy when he
grows up look only bad boys do this man
you're a bad boy hi guys while I'm
waiting for hums and hey let's come down
I have so far and around three hours
16,000 thumbs up hopefully you guys keep
it up any faster Thunder Rima if I got
30,000 loves up your head is being
shaved okay yes it is yes it is your
head is going to be shaped is that right
yes they said yes Dhoom again suggest
next check known except whoa it's
written is there goes who knows whoa
whoa y'all got a good job hi guys you
guys ever seen her so long and I have a
senior too hi
Wow well you been or you been I've been
waiting here the whole top there I'll
sleep it I can drop my fruit instead of
video I'll just sleep you him and how
long you been sleeping is like freakin
five six o'clock eat up on me good what
family 25 come on explode mine either
no guess what 24 hour challenger you
doing standpoint holy was the 24 hour
challenge of just ain't seen a week yeah
such a weirdo what the hell you said all
you have a nice a job and we have one of
my other nieces who is non camera
look over here say hi join the higher
you can still be in the blood yeah
hi guys mean the family we just got done
eating moss and just woke up from a nap
he's grumpy watches he's getting really
going to hopefully he's longer
I didn't love him whenever he wakes up
he doesn't talk to no one
doesn't to speak to anyone doesn't want
to look at anyone nothing
oh he's go get help oh that's we finally
Cikini mucus all you did you woke up
happy yay
the time I have the block camera he woke
up happy I mean it's not it's not a bad
thing but yeah mmm I believe must Inori
mother sleeping over here after the
tracks you are okay I have to head back
to edit and stuff and by the way we my
guess what we have 19,000 thumbs up its
thing about 30,000 thumbs up lovin
they're not 30,000 thumbs up i when it
is 30,000 thumbs up in 24 hours your
head is gonna be your hair is gonna be
gone okay you said yes you told me yes
yesterday your room yes you did no you
told me yesterday job to shave your head
bald when they go 30,000 everyone is
waiting for you no yes if max doesn't
that means I get to cut your hand
30,000 thumbs up and I don't cut my hair
but you'll get your hair cut off hi guys
I'm leaving
haven't already you says they're not
ready you're not cutting on hair you
want gonna get thirty thousand of the
goal who should be hanging peas what
get your hand yeah I'm a cutter ado
meeting I just woke up I want to turn
the vlog in the morning to see how well
you guys did and so far it's 29,000
thumbs up so do me gang congratulations
you guys are definitely going to reach
30,000 thumbs up before 24 hours so
thank you guys so so much seriously I
thank you guys so much because they were
actually legit gonna cut my hair off so
thank you guys so so much
I cannot appreciate you guys if you guys
enjoyed the vlog make sure you give it a
thumbs up and if you guys want me to cut
Reema's hair let me know in the comments
so I'm going to do something tomorrow so
make sure you guys stay on the lookout
for tomorrow's vlog also so the people
that are saying hey we know Adam seeker
project it's a movie and a book you guys
must have not seen the vlog that I had
this movie this book are like different
secret project this movie's coming out
in 2017 well it will be announced at the
end of 2017 this book right here is in
the process and will be out around 2018
2019 this is the secret project I've
been speaking about and the one that
that's going to be released really
really soon and then on submit'
September 2nd so if anyone asks you guys
you guys can know and what to tell
there's a lot of people like oh I know
it's a movie and it's a book it's not
those are different secret project so
the secret projects for summer psychic
is different and it's something that I
can't wait for it to happen so if you
guys enjoy this vlog make sure you give
it a thumbs up and to everyone also
saying we haven't seen your brother's
beard we haven't seen your brother's
beard go to our main channel which is
right Adam Saleh and you'll see the
latest video it's there I'm not going to
put the link so if you guys want you can
just type in Adam style on my channel
and you guys will see it so thank you
guys so much I love you guys and I'll
see you guys tomorrow with the crazy
vlogs take care or bitch
I like September 2nd
second you can brush it you don't cry
yeah that's what they all say I'm about
to go listen taking out that gay got
myself in this position always got an
attitude never show ingratitude always
want to talk but you never want to
listen oh hey i'ma do my way gonna
school chains and hit the highway now
