you can have battle be on my way hi guys
me and slim and midsole we are heading
to go see some monkeys so it's going to
be really really crazy because I'm
staying inside the car I'm trying to
tell slim that these monkeys are really
really dangerous yes like you know
everything Adam you got a bit bro I've
been to Malaysia I've been to Kuala
Lumpur and there was monkey went to area
where the monkeys were there and they
were crazy plus they're monkeys those a
wild animal broke I don't know
everything but I know that monkeys are
not safe to go around Adam so he's gonna
he's decided he wants to movie Planet of
the Apes so he's getting is I have a
monkey so you know I know I know what's
dangerous and what's not evil to tell
master tak minute it hello monkey
screeches nom be like Oh attack it slim
I'm going to tax yeah no fuck is a crazy
you know we got some fish escapes we got
some rigs when do you think they're
gonna be really sorry you know that's it
let it go it on we're gonna see how it
goes going to go to monkeys and I'm uh
let's see what goes on with lemon like
this might be his last ever in the vlog
last time ever in a vlog my gosh I got
your back I'm waiting in the back any
monkeys attack you I'm gonna owe it all
simply no drivers look at this I've been
through a lot of crazy stuff like this
in Malaysia the now slim is tripping and
missile Daleks again I'm not I'm not
getting involved I'm just so we're gonna
attack you whoa oh all coming bro I
don't even know why he's doing this why
why are we doing this man this is like
dangerous depleting online update your
is such a cute one bro some of the
double cover so goo
like endorses it like I'm building a
like villa hi guys now Mitchell's gonna
go get bananas I don't know why we're
still doing this because like he almost
got attacked they all like approach to
myself someone's trying to tell me to go
but I'm not
I'm carries out when oh my gosh I go
shoot do it please one let me a bump
produce four black dudes I look good in
this I don't know I'll just be next to
you about that just in case among each
other message jobs I have to speak on
one man appreciate my coming
oh my god oh my god open the door for
him they're chasing the wrong and you
know they come with a banana so those
limits trippin out man
Simon driven out yo slim is buggin out
room yes I faced my fear and I'm out
it's a monkey dozen so trip it up huh
about some sense we need we need these
monkeys drum roll come on man don't do
that man Wallace cheer Wallace on super
wanna do it all throw that baby got a
stroke we can put a banana that me
in Bangkok right now we left India and
got to Bangkok took a five hour flight
and we have nine hours to get to Sydney
Australia there was so much turbulence
when we're on our way from India to
Bangkok and this is what happened imma
show you guys exactly what happened you
guys have to thumbs up the video if it
happens to you guys before we're like
you know your children listen to music
and turbulence come and then you just
fart like oh that's not music and likes
to put on and put on in the sheets
because you get so worried too scared
thinking you're gonna die so let me know
and that ever happens to you
I would have been one of Thailand I got
the first time in upstairs and play with
I've never been much health care
hi Airways
where did you go
and he planned out of us good luck if
you're ready good cover overs right here
well collect this if you know since
you're all snow not before good guys let
me tell you got what we got to go
through take a picture for nod if you
want like the perfect picture and I'm
always there like to do these
experiences I go number two lady to
bring oranges and what she gives me the
orange it's not the picture camera no
because I love the one is off guard and
I'm like put myself so he he called the
lady three times to get oranges and he
drank three orange juices because the
first one was like ah no the right and
the third one was finally good and when
he gets the are juiced he gets it so
slow it means the orders he's getting it
so slowly that you posing it's demonic
and the flight attendant has no clue
she's looking at and I was like why he'd
take it as social and I'm there in the
side like taking the picture i'ma show
you guys the video
imma let it go right now
see
do balance both fake follow boston video
famine put it under them before let's
just think that you must be
I'll tell you because she's written
about always there because you can tell
everyone to take pictures with it
it's do me going after a whole nine-hour
flight and a five-hour flight in the
cloud way we've made it here to Sydney
Australia oh my god I am so so excited
it is really really cold but it's a good
it's a good kind of cold it's not the
cold where like you're like freezing and
like oh my god you can't go out it's a
beautiful difficult I'd rather be in
this weather than the hot hot weather in
India or Dubai where we're going to go
next is going to be really really hot
and I'm not looking forward to the
weather but I am looking forward to the
place we're about to go to right now
we're staying in Bondi Beach a dope dope
beach view spot nods ready mom Susan get
you get ill oh oh I got it okay uh-huh I
think it's time for me to just burn a
journeyman to make you feel better and
make it to warm huh it's like 8 a.m. in
the morning right now only got like
40,000 thumbs up in the video so guys go
to the video and give it a thumbs up
it's about to reach 50,000 thumbs up I
know it's gonna reach 50,000 thumbs up
so not get your shirt ready get your
liver pointers you ready Heisman today
huh hiding it in a hydrant abode guys
make sure you go back to the video the
link will be down below go to it thumbs
it up and let's get it to 50k
Oh whoo oh see oh see oh see boy or a
doobie gang I'm about to give you guys
room tour but first I got to show you
guys someone I haven't seen for so so
long the one the only Australian brother
did what up cuz it was good you man mr.
Chisholm no wait up round two round to a
Bondi Beach is about to get crazy James
is coming in if you want to come in
about 5 out and about 5 hours so go to
James and yeah round 2 here last time
was with green this time in Bondi Beach
guys looking after you oh my God look
look at this oh my god it looks like
it's summertime but it's not it's winter
and we're picking Jackie and everything
oh my gosh have a room here something
are you what are you doing another one
right here
Hey and a bunk mess right here.look at
this bug Bevo
we got kitchen right here wow man
bathroom this is so weird why is your
bathroom in a kitchen but I guess that's
an Australian house but it doom again we
got also a balcony right here it is it
yeah seriously one place one country one
city that I would love to live in Sydney
Australia in this area Bondi Beach
because just I don't know so dope areas
by the beach and this apartment right
here is beautiful so I'm going to wrap
up this vlog here because it's nighttime
in New York City but its morning time
here in Australia so I'm going to
continue the vlog today but getting me
up tomorrow so if you guys enjoy live
make sure you live duns up and go turkey
I have such a long journey to get here
but I still got a vlog up for you guys
so I really hope you guys enjoyed it and
I will see you guys tomorrow
take care oh I like your coop did you
take it out I got myself in this
position
oh it's got an attitude never showing
gratitude oh it's on a top much another
one is it
oh hey I'm gonna do my way
to the pool game that hit the highway
