right right right
oh cool your mother is calling you up
you can have battle be on my way
hey guys what's up a new beginning I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day I risked
my life for you guys once again we're
leaving Queens
oh yeah I believe you quit me why I
don't know that why do you know where
I'm going Manhattan all right that's
good that's good
take care of him okay
not as sure as you people here head
spaghetti head found out agreement
enemas oh okay like brother character
don't put on a lot of humor I'm
performing
hi guys nipple Makeev salad and swim
they all left me new Civ will leave and
go back our ways but we might see them
later because nipple has a lately flight
at night and now we're headed back to
that sell me some see you guys in the
next shop do me going I just got my
family there was a loss and rebar do you
miss them yeah how much fill up yeah how
about you I'll be solving only a
thousand oh you love them more than this
guy yeah wow you love them hi yeah guys
London is the most dangerous
kut'rs driver ever like ultimately -
wait Muzzin
stop pulling here we go okay y'all can
have already okay you ready for a crazy
on your weight with that
hello Matt wait wait okay so this is
give me the race the race from here he
was gonna go mix it up like game are you
guys ready for the race what do you
think you know one way you yeah what do
you think is gonna win me like oh my god
I'm just going down yes
Wow she'd crack your knuckles keep
cracking ankles oh my god oh
crackers okay the count of three okay
hello one two three go hello you guys
was about the same time laughs it
stopped
what the Moses oh my god you keep
going fast we didn't give you a ticket
stop okay I'm gonna give you a really
bad ticket seriously one sentence my god
yes most of it is plug ins both laughing
probably don't do that stop it stop you
go back you're gonna get in trouble
again
okay hi guys I'm not going to do this
race right now I'm going to wait maybe a
month or two and do a big scooter race
thumbs up you guys on a big scooter E
between Austin and Rima
a big big scooter race who would win
could be the middle
oh he's called Adam Ali collagenous Rima
just said after she beat some Austin
she's gonna play Jim at the winner will
play Jim an okay go oh he's ready he's
ready look I'm joking I was just testing
you to see if you're ready that's good
knuckle-touch oh right oh cool your
mother is calling you what
what is that monster
stop do the dangerous then 50 the
world's dangerous scooter rider in the
kid right here yo muffin and Remo are in
love with their scooters pre mom why'd
you have like a Shi shipping on your
scoop you smoke shisha uh-huh yeah sure
yeah what's up now item oh yes I'm the
most dangerous cool to drive ever
this is the one if you ready set go
near you
haha hi guys we just got home now I have
to head back to slimming level to tell
them goodbye I love you Remo I love your
ideas I love real hi guys we'll see you
guys in the next just sure not shop shop
are you mess up Ramon wants to have a
race at you with a scooter she wants to
have a scooter research outside oh yeah
oh wow not right now like next to human
seems to do right now huh okay later
later like tomorrow or after tomorrow
yes where's Dina oh hi Dina how are you
oh I miss you baby
uh-huh this is my old high school I want
to visit it I haven't visited my old
high school for around maybe five six no
no six about six to seven years I
haven't visited this school right here
because I went through so much I got
expelled snots glad a restraining order
party much from our restraining order is
done so I don't know you guys let me
know if I should visit the school
because I get really big school it's
right here this is us go that I got
kicked out from I wouldn't do so much in
that school everyone needs to think I
was like buttery can I have so many
fights I had so many fights of teachers
there like the deans and principals over
this I want to go there one day and it's
visit in a blog and show you guys I sort
of see to be honest only curious to see
if the teachers that I have fights with
some stuff for there so I don't know I'm
really curious
the of
last hour
here in New York City what we want to do
in your hot power your once I talk
together man takes a little bit of
carrot right now
carryover fuel a power yes you're right
yeah I'm with the squad is there was
literally got all his luggage right here
but we're still going to a karaoke
karaoke so you wanna wrap to and Rick
they're cold
I mean Adams you know I was little great
and now I'll put on some drinks I got
you guys straight here with you that if
you guys don't want to give a huge
chance to Adam it will really help tell
that I appreciate though it's funny me
like being enjoyable so anytime you're
all coming Sunday I'm great oh my god I
do man oh you're in Chile good good good
I blew harder the bill because probably
that everything okay so you guys have
you guys have this rapper in there
against Adam salad let's let's be
authentic with that hopefully Adam ABAM
you don't want to be a rapper community
yeah yeah face face s a okay oh oh oh
not there Adele is there Kyle he doesn't
I don't know Wow look at this like a
humble recorder this hand right here
hi okay knee I want one one big apology
please let her hand raised and doctor
not a single analysis will help me wash
your life
would you believe me my baby
watch that beautiful beautiful beauty
here Quizlet bro looks fun out of great
time guys nipples gone red everyone
remember we miss you little monster I'll
see you next time are there Candida
undifferenced ahora back in New York or
somewhere else in the world and my motto
my fav'rite figure you guys that guys
okay oh my god I'm roughing up the vlog
because Adam sleeping I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog thumbs up and go took
smash that like button don't forget
September 2nd secret project I know
about am I gonna tell you thumbs up if
you want me to do all black annoys a few
guys tomorrow
take care and peace anyway yeah that's
what they all say I'm about to go mrs.
taking out I got myself in this position
always got an attitude never showing
gratitude always what a tough but she
never want to listen
oh hey i'ma do my way good
okay that is a highway
