I'm gonna butcher my bitch we're all
gonna take blender way too thick full
rings in the heaven like we done with a
button you can have the head I'll be on
my way
hey guys what's not to do me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day
you should have imagined B we are still
in a story of Queens right now heading
to Jackson Heights little bit win tax
under your thumb I'm Lord Lord but I've
been to the Lord
what's the best videopaks lahore what
God told me Islamabad is cooling I can't
think I can't smell but you just in the
horn doesn't cool yeah but I saw about
some about is you know what whenever
someone says something dumb and you just
want them to stop and make them be quiet
discussions okay you look at me like
this Shh
you're the number one / driver okay
thank you so much I love the same it's
because in traffic traffic traffic
traffic always tries to eat give me with
your who's your favorite singer also a
marker means
you got thirsty Jackson Heights such a
vibe right now about to go get some
Indian food
live also walking around I feel magic
tonight you feel at home
you know Ozzy out chill in areas like
this really run off as much all your to
YouTube hold there no I'm a whole old
man to go there your coconut you're like
now get your brown outside and white on
the inside
no it's pretty much shot here yeah
you're in charge of the whole meal this
is a big new restaurant you're choosing
okay okay what's on he's only here so
we're making him order the stopping of
food to say it freezes the sound of this
hi
what is it called yak night a hot meal
it was vlogging so we wouldn't give a
shout out to shout the fire bro
about it well ma'am thank you oh man I
think he wanted to slow mo he do it is
my town he wasn't that good I said yes
if they have no camera so he mustn't
know all right i speech you guys they go
on to be favored
hi guys right now I store to buy
laxatives me Hollis and McKeever I hear
Nippon slim are still at the restaurant
they told us to go get iced coffee
little organ disbelief accumulated so
I'm going to win a bar laxatives and put
laxatives inside children both there
just wasn't this movement alright so we
didn't you know why every time so you
wanted the only reason why I'm getting
some is because in India
when I was sick and I had diarrhea he
kept making fun of me every single day
it was the word I don't know you even
told me so he's also me today he would
hit me up with an idol yeah I know you
had diarrhea man its natural man to talk
so today I'll make sure he gets diarrhea
and i'ma make sure oh my god I'm gonna
pay that smell was cool man you know but
with her old lessons I'm alright guys
mikheev just came with the genius idea
so I wanted to liquid laxative and to
put it in his iced coffee but we're not
going to do that and we're gonna bring
your eyes puffy but we're also going to
buy some chocolate we'll buy some
chocolate some love stronger right these
are chocolate shaped glasses so we're
going to do is we're going to mix the
chocolate with the real chocolate bars
and give him the lasas he takes he'll
take any blue any form of gosh we have
to have in your home right here with
good opening and a semi yeah so we're
looking at our chocolate looks like this
because we're gonna make slim eat
somebody but we're going to pretend it's
chocolate all right yes
any idea what anything baby lid love it
give me probably some is about the proof
in the stance I'm sober high five carbon
sugar board hi guys new bathroom right
now and one thing to you'll be all
listening to music and movie me is we
just got back from dr. Nolan's I
couldn't do a large organized coffee and
all I needed to get the chocolate so I
got the chocolate and right now while
playing video game is the best time to
do it this one I'm gonna be giving him
some chocolate while he playing video
games so let's see how it goes open up
wow wow this is it you're supposed to
only take one so like this one this a
day but I'm going to make him take any
both Thank You them that'll do them take
one feel too good I lent it to thumbs up
doing that looks like little bit okay
let's see
I don't know that missile
Oh Joe
tending a lot suffer something
I got the dill a couple hours germ has
been using a bad dream for like normally
like something yes earlier you think the
Indian food music a good theory I think
right now is the basket kicker to
develop he keeps rubbing the summer he
painted some tests just waiting to toss
again
employs come off them 7i also people
back who is good
I really appreciate but we're going to
know more look so what the hell man come
back friend and the bathroom here
remember work give I think in three what
are you doing
where's my back why you're going to take
a poop in the truth plug I'm some book
shit my pants well we're gonna take one
more way to think over some heavy like
we donald the fucking claim annoyed
hello we're going to my I think I'm a
kid is all that hold it I can hold it is
run for example as the topper you ate
earlier it was like sit in something to
say old animal
Oh terrible
no you to shit man Ashley I love you
from Turtles
yeah I'm dinosaur actually not actually
the top of the eighth was like blue it
was like I like them chocolate I put in
your you're doing Drew's I put on you on
you ate it I should be if you are the
trouble tomorrow Brooke hey we really
can use area think of Hooper's vote I
didn't want to touch you oh those things
all right do I live there too
behind the bush I didn't want to show
you guys oh it's so so disgusting the
kick is tuned everyone a few minutes if
you Nikita joking no apparently fun
sorry damn prize today god yeah little
bit
I feel bad I feel like laughing at him
right now come on man - it is annoying
it happened to me and he was laughing I
mean India what I didn't do an idiot no
he just I really had diarrhea oh alright
then swim screw you deserve this is the
customary guy I don't I just right now
it was no Adam wallah bro I'm telling
you right now though let me know he's
pretty much limit dzurlic with you
what no limit no limit they like the
knowledge if I can share your business
the only we need to get us back right
now it's efficient in the sense it makes
clutch muffler oh man well don't go
smell poop here oh no pullovers they're
funny go on
I feel like I think my stomach is
puffing kill me both your fear I'm an
attending publicist is this funny ha not
like I feel cutters are oh my god I'm so
mean I promise I'm not a mean this room
I'm sorry so funny I love you I can't I
love you ok
no I love you max happening it's not
funny bro but I love you Matt mean
sometimes funny but I love you won't
love me okay do me yes I'm gonna be
wrapping up the vlog right now I'll slip
is still in the bathroom I just want to
say slim I love you so much and I'm
sorry I had to because you kept laughing
at me forever diarrhea now imma laughing
that she would even having diarrhea for
so long right now in a row he's still in
the bathroom let's see
you live I don't even knowing jewelry 95
revenues but both times relative logins
you guys enjoy this print make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go techie doom
again I'm so scared right now
because some said like this is the most
episode thing of ever every time so I'm
really legit scared for my life so do me
gang take care of me man I'm scared it's
bigger I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care hey fuckin all day killing
more night here in the hallway she said
you husband's need your cry yeah that's
what they all say
I'm
