obviously uh pretty much this dude that
everything Harry you can't let Adam and
is a go I don't Sunday right yeah I'm
sort of Adams again and you take a
picture Adam and he just wanted to go
nice to meet you and he walks away and I
was I was so confused too long ago that
I talked about the dude was like
literally hating on me and bugging out
on me on Twitter you can have bad I'll
be on my way
hey guys what's up your do me Hank I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day Wow
almost risked my life for you guys man
we are in Queens I feel like we've been
living here for a couple days and I'm
not going to lie it's beautiful here I
love the whole vibe in Queens so since
we're in Queens right now there's a lot
of you guys who have been messaging I
was telling us to like an event in
Queens do something in Queens and me
slim just noticed that Brooklyn and
Queens in New York City is where we have
a lot of you guys there slatton gang you
know everyone who watches us let you
guys live in Brooklyn and Queens so this
is girl right now I believe your name is
it's Ross her birthday was yesterday or
today me slim we do have their happy
birthday so we decided to go see here
and to go see high terraces it's a
birthday and the other day when means
swimwear in Astoria Park I believe they
were like looking for us and they
couldn't find us so I'm like you know
what it's a birthday and she supports us
so we're going to go through and see
what stuff it's wrong we'll see you in a
few and Starbucks for like five minutes
late but the reason why we're late is
because of this guy right here and I'm
just doing tearing everything Mitch to
do this that was not me mmm any use
conditioner Davies I don't and he put on
he's wearing hats okay like you fit you
fit so long fixing here that he put a
hat on like wow do me gang was i with
promise'
ramita for me safari visa his raw
birthday girl and happy birthday and
all right hope we're here having to talk
we found out was her birthday then we
know we knew that he's like Radha died
but meantime we're just like go I don't
know where thoria yeah then we've seen
your tweets so we do fuck she lived us
the biggest the biggest lie - Sophia so
anyways we're just here having to
starburst and having to chill up so
thank you guys for coming hero if you're
cool hi guys so we need to buy some hair
gel and since we have three girls here
they're going to help me decide what's
the dirt hair gel forget either
trust me one thing I love our mind says
our height look at this fermitas are
everything I and you get taller and then
yeah we get taller then oh oh but he got
birthday Logan oh no go alright guys I'm
leaving them thank you guys so much for
today I hope you got that fun thank you
guys for everything Thursday for your
support I like attention of meaning and
your dedication
I appreciate you guys yeah I'll see you
guys next time next time yeah yeah yes
shorty okay okay
hi guys see you the next shop all right
guys we're heading back to our apartment
me and nipple we're going to go to one
of our meetings that I have 5:30 slim
and the key they want to go get a
haircut I was telling them they should
let me you know give them the haircut
you have clippers I know I give the
fresh cut they said they don't trust me
being a barber or something you know
what fine you guys go to the barber
shops and I'm going to go back to the
apartment to bring my laptop and edit
and then go to my meeting and I come
back so I'll see you guys in the next
shop what's up guys the best of all
it wasn't working listen to the fuck we
are
tiny just amazing Egypt without men
thank you yes
it'll be more like an asking a real
question coming cool weird question a
weird question how do you buy how's my
but you ain't good is really hard y'all
together like the video are you gonna
kick me won't you guys you bet is gonna
marry Rima I'm not gonna have to go
through me first
yeah you're gonna have to go through me
and then I have to prove all right
yeah are you filming me from yemeni when
will your father
I love Palestine in Mexico so do you
speak Arabic and Spanish
yeah Angus did you vanish a blonde
question or do you own word me
come on I don't know is how long here
the power like hello I never really show
what I'm eating like invite us up today
I'm show you guys what I'm eating
this is called an Italian cheeseburger
this is it right here boom he got fries
in it and it has a bird and she's inside
a hero type of bread during the blog if
I eat I'm always like this
Wow maybe when the cameras walk like
this hi guys and the key and slimmer
back from their haircut I told slim to
let me give him the haircut and now look
they ruined he looks like Abraham
Lincoln right Natalie Wood oh it's not
bad let's actually it was like the five
dollar bill
how about the roses do not run and I
think your calm down my singing okay
yeah Oh yo Rick sings a picture with a
chicken wing well that good I know you
can win with that guy's a timer yeah
well I'm like that a picture of the
seconds I may need them and then you
know like as first of all as a chicken
leg it's not a chicken wings in
drumstick let's check you've already
visited technical if you don't find to
go I'll put it I mean you a nipple like
it might like my last piece of chicken
wing yeah like people tingle with all
right so they don't want to do the rap
battle today they want to do it tomorrow
they want to wait and get their the line
of bars up they get my products up so
over yet tomorrow through your private
inches not in fact I just wrote down
something for like poverty let me get my
buzzer okay well again I can't get up Oh
see how's it for now we're gonna watch
something it do me gang I'm with the
homie slim right now so me slim we were
going to react to que si featuring rice
come new dis track since you smooth
these days is like 90% all dis tracks
everyone getting roasted everyone hasn't
like drama and beefs
but before we react to que si earthquake
featured right Gumby some got to tell
you guys a story that we've never ever
said and the reason why we're saying to
store because que si and the sign men
are now like split yeah big thing going
on I got a beef tank going on and
there's a story that be slim want to
share with you guys and I guess we have
to share with you guys before we like
react to chaos eyes video so back in
February
during our UK tour February of 2017
meets when we are invited to this party
was one of our friend's birthday parties
so me and some we showed up to the party
and we were just like talking to each
other because usually we're always next
to each other we're speaking to each
other out of nowhere literally right
next up right there cool it was chaos I
and Simon ah see I don't know who I
never knew never know I don't know like
I never knew nose guys I can never watch
another video that I used to watch ksi
Newton and I judge Mukasey eye and nose
crew Simon so that ksi and Simon so me
some were chilling and talking and we
looked out right and we're like oh
that's that's ksi and his group
assignment as he said we didn't know
like everyone's name inside my only new
assignment but we knew his eye because
we watched like his videos and he's he
seemed dope but there was one person
inside man that I kind of noticed
because during the time of the Delta
incident means some were getting so much
hate of people of accusing us and stuff
and it kind of hurt us a lot especially
when they feel like you tubers hating on
us and accusing us of something that we
really didn't do a lot of people were
like cursing us calling us liars and
literally putting us down when they do
not know what the heck happened and one
of those people was what's the nanny's
name is Harry role to Shaw Road to Shaw
and he is incitement so 1 means slim
wants a party and we look to the right
we see ksi and all of Simon's the only
person I I noticed was obviously ksi and
the other guy the hairy guy the one I
was hating on me all over Twitter so I'm
looking at like been the dude hater
zombie all over Twitter and we've never
ever met him ever so me son we didn't
really know what to do we were just
there just chillin and talking and then
someone ended up showing up to us on
sale so uh pretty much this dude but
everything Harry you can't without him
and he's a go I don't Sunday right yeah
I'm sort of Adams again and he took a
picture Adam and he just wanted to go
nice to meet you man he walks away and I
was I was so confused too long ago that
I talked about it dude was like
literally hating on me and bugging out
on me on Twitter and at the next minute
he tweeted about me saying something
like oh my god Adam Saleh is right next
to me I'm so gasps I was just
I literally confused add nothing against
him I still have nothing against the but
I was just really confused I don't have
no clue why he did that maybe you taking
the piss
yeah outside all support I was kind of
into soup and then when I like something
like looking looking to the cow he is
his character he's gay
you just said me trying to be dick you
won't say nothing and crit in your face
yeah that's how I was weird you know
saying awesome he's a pussy and personal
not only out of a shitter first besom
was so confused at the time and then
slim ended up approaching ksi he's like
the only one I used to watch you know
like I saw a little segment I never
watched Titan before thought okay sighs
Yosuke thought it was good bro you know
I like your videos itself and he was
cool you know I was talking to for a bit
and then Adam something - ksi and stuff
and I'll just like talk to the rest of
the side minute which is like you know
mingling in shit
there was another guy that was talking
crap on Twitter one of the guys games
was he right I saw I saw him
specifically tweeting so Fonterra's
young man honestly bro like you know I
saw some you know I saw some him I saw
when we don't for you know him you know
I can't understand at the same time why
people have been talking shit about us
cuz a lot of people are like alike or
hey a lot of you are like sheeps like
what a lot of people once a lot he was
saying something like a lot of people
just follow you again I mean feel like
you know once you start sweetie Hey look
someone globby will just follow that we
hate so the archana I'm standing I was a
young man I think if some of you knows
about I'm a lie I kind of set when I saw
you tweeting bad about us bro like you
know that that shit wasn't true you know
I told Cheryl I told all situation I
should not truth the media just fucked
like you know that's the sober and stuff
like that and I told me to go man
honestly bro
I felt so bad when I first saw it but
and then I saw the prank and I got
confused you know I got views things
they take shit like that
and then I go ignore it thanks you
understanding bro you know that's cool
Indians will give me his number and shit
and then uh music give me his number and
stuff and everybody takes to the next
morning but you know as things on the
understanding and shit like that but uh
but yeah and the next day they tweeted
out a picture of us a whole look
together in a row Delta Airlines King I
think well I don't know again about it
yeah that's not weird unofficially go do
your part view it huh huh no I did it no
time good he doesn t have it's okay and
uh whatever it seems like yeah I don't
know I understand old man you're like
yeah
I didn't say nothing to the other guy
Harry whatever he did all the stuff on
Twitter and till this day I still didn't
do anything but this is what I ended up
doing because a couple weeks later I see
him tweet that guy Harry wrote tishell
whatever he tweeted out a video with
Quran and music at the same time and
that's when it pissed me the eff off
like I was completely pissed off because
he wrote on to catch no offense but this
is kind of something when someone says
no offense
he knows it's about to offend people
like offending especially Muslim people
we don't like the Quran is it's the most
important thing to us and for someone to
make fun of you know the Quran that
seriously got me so mad and was so
unacceptable but then he ended up
deleting it because all the Muslims are
not violating him I was going to like
tweet him invite him but I didn't want
to get involved or anything but then he
ended up deleting it and tweeted out
something else saying I'd rather make
one person laugh while offending three
people then making note I don't know I
just something that made no sense why
would you want to spend three people to
make one person laugh especially when
you're making front of a religion a book
the Quran like I mean yes you can sell
crap about me slim whatever you want but
when you mention the brand that's
something that all Muslims we take
serious that's that's not a book that's
a holy book it's to put on so I don't
know why anyone would do that but
anyways I'm uh that was pretty much our
story and as you guys know I'm a museum
where team K aside because of the whole
thing that happened when we see them and
them talking crap like it's not even
followed me on Twitter with like without
even without even me asking him that I
followed him back that's not humble and
cool he is yeah you may seem like you
know that case that thug but he's a
really chill nice guy in person really
nice that's pretty much the story that
no one really knows about and now you
guys really don't know but I know that's
really random screw you hairy little
punk man racist Punk I got so me slim in
the whole squad we're gonna react to
care science music video featuring rice
gum tomorrow because this video ended up
turning out really really long so I
don't know so is this long yeah I don't
know the story's a song I have a few
guys I'm on it so we never totally
buddies so yeah whenever there's us too
yeah I'm going on the blog here and
tomorrow see you guys thumbs up thumbs
up another cage thumbs up if you don't
like racist people some
up thumbs up hey guys are going to see
you guys I'm no hard feelings no AMA no
nothing against anyone have nothing
against any we just stated a story that
we had and our opinion we had so if you
talk shit on the Internet be really bad
in the face at some say choo-choo I
found like someone on internet I'll make
in the face - yeah me okay straight up
hi guys straight up I'll see you guys
Oh sir grave Oh take care I love you I
got an attitude never showing gratitude
always want to talk but she never want
to listen
oh hey I'm gonna do my way gonna cool
claims and hit the highway
now look buddy I can call
