hiya wassup I deal with it in my name is
zsakeba contact writing Adam you're the
first person that I'm not here but I'm
going mama to New Delhi Thank You song
on man you're here Amero appreciate you
get a minute thank you anytime you can
have the he'll be on my hey guys what's
up a doobie gank I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day I'm having an amazing day
you are should be having an amazing
happy day get my phone no give up I show
you my phone remote I'm leaving to India
today
come on please a do me gang I just got
done filming two videos one video a
three-month in one video with toilet and
I want crazy amazing to entertain me and
the second one was what so stay tuned
for that because those were really
really amazing video I should have
started this idea like way long ago cuz
I can be doing this like every month or
every couple months just having like a
Addams Family week and it's doing dope
dope videos but I'm leaving to India
tonight I'm going to miss my family so
much oh my god Slim is coming through
right now living after the airport she's
so happy she's happy swimmers coming and
yeah we're gonna see how we go good doom
beginning I'm bringing down my luggage
slim is going to be downstairs in like
two minutes
so we're gonna go to him today is his
birthday so split happy fairy 23 years
old how do you read this loom we love
you so how many babies live 15 his
birthday
what did you swim somebody was a happy
birthday
okay I want that one so we must get okay
first now but she was mad excited see
though we wouldn't come south of them
happy Holi tryna scream how do you know
Papaji seller get your house ready wow
thank you thank you got skinnier the
road yeah you've got like kidney from
Latino guys means deliver taking our
last walk in New York City before we get
to India you're not so decree system you
need to trip out help you alright so
we're leaving today July 15 to India
right New York we land in India of July
17 get away on the loose Dana work there
I guess that's how long it is at 17
hours
what over there's already time zone like
eight nine hours ahead so strip your
eyes wow so pretty much missing July
16th so that's all exotic see when it
will never see your license or it is
like the general no-goodniks is birthday
July events yes it was
Aled but i love you Remo is what the
average Peter young knows every teacher
who's with it
for bending okay Jimmy like you were
with it before though huh yeah what you
teacher she picked a good egg and I knew
them I mean another manicure might be
finished
yeah can Abba do I can absolutely I can
let second cousin bring me the ribbon Oh
give me this is my muse let her know I
had it fun come on please remove I had
it from my hair on my head oh he's elbow
got pepperoni slice nipples men shut up
silly I good to me gang me slim just got
to the airport we just left the lounge
we're to take in Kuwait Airways so we're
stopping the quake wait we missed you
guys
creatures yeah was it ranked number one
it was ranked one or two in our whole
world toss like wait I can't wait to see
you guys but only going to be for a
couple hours
so we're going to head to the plane
right now and they'll be going to quake
and then India I'm gonna see you guys in
the next shop okay I'm holding the backs
of Google next shop the next shot guy ha
I do against where you're from yeah so
then my home which was so down its phone
is that so
decide to put them in the vlog so be
nice
Mohammed Mohammed NOC named Mohammed
Mohammed Mohammed hail it mama got
butter it is how do you let me get some
clothes
yes Justin and you 9 yes
I'm neither I'm a psychic man here name
is manager Mohammed it's all right guys
I'm on a place we have around I think 12
hours squeak Julie yes there we go
o'clock we're going to wait a little bit
crazy after that we're heading to New
Delhi India the possibility of oil
speculation on Aborigines two three
hours smoking before some was like a
little kid like holy there yeah and like
a minute pastor phone book weakly how
ago of India can now if you boys can our
see you guys even though it's like a
flower so
like
Iowa so I didn't my name is taka Vikas
exact meeting Adam you're the first
person that I met here that I'm going
mama to New Delhi changes on man you
admit if you never appreciate you get
Superman thank you anytime
hi guys that was a long 13-hour flight
the prior such a mess now we're heading
to New Delhi the one and only India you
know meeting aligned you guys may I'm so
surprised it is I'm supposed to find out
like of really good attendance in India
which is pretty insane I never knew in a
million years like you would India would
even know us but shout out the home even
in that Canyon
hey do we gang we just got to New Delhi
India what's up slim is using about two
right now
now sit here now see what up it was such
a long long journey for me slim
immigration I didn't know India well I
know India Pakistan like rivals whatever
but I didn't know Indian Pakistan have
like like beef you know like what up cuz
because me and Naz we've been to
Pakistan they asked me to like why did
you go to Pakistan I'm like I forgot
like when with customs our immigration
FBI always like a blanket makes me feel
guilty for no reason I don't know if you
guys know not stealing but whenever I'm
an immigration especially not you feel
guilty and you didn't do like nothing so
I was just like was I'm going to charity
work there so we waited for like two or
three hours almost three hours just for
that question I'm like what I think they
probably thought I was Pakistan yourself
but I don't know I don't
well exact sending us can I pass as a
Pakistan here now why you come into our
room freaking ourselves huh I'm saving
the room-service brutal when we landed
like 12:30 a.m. right now is 3 4 know
what time it is well it's like 3:00 4:00
in the morning and we have to be up at
around 8 9 a.m. to go over to the school
so I'm probably not going to sleep we're
probably gonna go scope around the hotel
I'm going to come back and I'll see you
guys in the next shop let me say I've
got a solid this little deposit air up
don't be angry a teller you go well what
do you have something along the lines of
welcome to the hotel and I hope you have
a great stay and they say the rest of it
you will I'm a royalty and get during a
nice estate of the other setting up for
the
what it is they got our food right here
I got my fried fish but you got the
funny tikka masala
everybody is something funny some people
think that you thought that was really
fucked up that's learn cottage cheese
that's not meat was good and so much you
got
that's some rice but a chicken for
nothing okay do me gang so it's time to
wrap up this lag me and slim we just got
back from the school but the school blog
and the India vlog and the crazy in the
vlog will be up tomorrow today's live
was just a journey so I hope you guys
are looking forward to it slim by the
way he freaking oh my god you like know
why I'm going to say this because you
guys are going to go see after this I'm
trying to tell them to remove it who's
not gonna learn
oh is it poppin G as I was saying this
loser right here I don't know what I'm
saying why I'm saying it again but this
loser right here leaked my freakin butt
I told you the whole time like blur if
you're gonna put it up like blur it out
or so like that bond should have known
it's kind of muffle because this
president right here bleep phone number
before he's leaked his mother's number
before he's leaked his own girl's number
before sin what the hell's wrong she's
like do you like edit with one eye open
or something I'm sure no blame is your
fault bro okay how's it my fault good
snapshot this and then you pulled under
or not yeah but I told you blurt out
snapshot it yeah but blurt out that some
sounds joke has a blurt out everybody
did oh my god I'm gonna get you back you
know right let me get you back good no
don't I'm gonna get you back though I
have nothing so you go to sleep I'm
gonna get you back so good that's messed
up bro my butt shown to the world slim
my butt is shown to the world comment
below what you think I should do because
I have to get him back to that I mean so
I'm not I'm not I mean yeah I got I got
kind of mad in the beginning but after a
while it was just like whatever cuz he's
my best friend and he's he slim so Bob
we're gonna get him back but I feel like
oh my god well I feel like choke me bro
you know what my family seen in but like
my own family seen away yes they're so
good
who keeps knocking on door man not loves
us so much
oh me too love was not much he had even
now we're gonna end up like here if you
guys
it thumbs up here's a little preview of
tomorrow's like so little kid man
little man I'm no rookie Iowa you got to
be so how many rope is you got system
which would be huh let's give me give me
gig in zoo schemes double is your buddy
be good hi mom you have a method the PR
get on he's even talking when you get to
this is all those are cute level don't
buy drugs please yeah hope you guys
enjoyed and see you guys tomorrow do me
I take care and peace be ready for
tomorrow
India we la presse le mr. celery
hello patience me you'll cry yeah that's
what they all say I'm about to go mrs.
taking out I got myself in this position
