no chameleon sister whether to job just
so much good in seconds positive job
just a bonus I'm gonna have a freaking
you can have battle be on my way
Robin Jeanne hands with I know if it did
you go ahead ready
let me see can I pull my daddy whenever
on what the heck we've going up well
there's nothing nothing no what the heck
because I can see it hey guys what's up
the Doudna gang I hope you all having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing it so an amazing day you all
should you have an amazing happy day
dumi gang this week I'm trying to do
videos with each member of the Adams
family I was going to do a separate one
with Jamel and it several times but they
wanted to do one together with me
because I guess they're kind of like a
duo Jamel Hamza hams in Japan which
one's cool who's cooler anyway are you
cooler or first of all remember I love
to do 92 still Oh Donald Trump and a
song I got teased a yellow Chad green
and still a Iliad I'm like instigating
this thing I chill chill everything's
cool well you all know what happened
some time I didn't want to store that
dirty same you see miss pregnant oh
yeah I know
oh and you and my girls president what
that help come on Oh your girls pregnant
yeah I'm gonna tighten it what you've
been doing man huh what different doing
home
hi guys so today I got this crazy video
with Jim add and hands that like which
ones do a music video where they react
to my music leaves this is
we Akram and the friends yeah I always
react to their videos so they were like
Adam we need to react and roast your
musically that I'm like no because no
one can ever roast my musically my
musical either like perfect
what are you talking about you ate hello
what do you still have okay okay guys
chill out man this is this is not like a
roast in session this is a video game
pool now I'm ready I'm married buy a bra
for your birthday I know what some of
them are instead of your wife smoking
your baby they're gonna be dope no what
the hell is going on first of all how do
you know what to buy a bra from okay
how do you know you got a little bit
Thai secret you come in alone my girl
what side huh because I think what yeah
I'm dying because I love you guys
enjoyed this video so far because we
haven't even started the real video hi
guys I haven't been to my music leaf is
so so long so I'm going at it right now
it's atom solid 93 I'm almost at 200,000
followers on musically so follow me on
musically I don't even have much
musically that have like maybe like 10
so you guys are gonna have rose okay I
love and you guys are gonna have to
roast my musically ok breasts I do it
down Hampstead than I do it it's pretty
ok cool you guys can roast me all you
want this whole video that's the only
time you guys can roast me in this video
okay okay
I've Matt go hi guys this is a musically
just my last musically that I did with a
Rima
yeah still got time ready here you go
watch it
tell me that wasn't it oh my god
anything man
they Melton over your woman oh but you
have to say that minute though GLS don't
ball ever called Walmart utilization get
the hell out you're right
he's out of the video and then my
family's going extra hard I musically I
regret even doing them but I have 200k
followers so you know Sally's daddy come
on - wah I know don't fit of like do it
for the music leaves and you know at
least 200 kids you guys then I'm like my
Zane he's the man I stand saying I'm a
saint and hi guys this is another one
this is by Rihanna we're off
hey I know I love your pants hang on my
girl oh my god did you film the
afternoon finish taking a oh my god
yeah turn it over the camera about to
tell me I swear to God I promise you
guys I'm gonna roast any music leaves
you guys have after I'm gonna roast you
guys yeah any music leaves you guys do
after I'm telling you I'm going hard cuz
they're going hard on me so I'm going on
I don't care for a team Adam Thielen
team team Adams family
I'm roasting you guys I don't want to
show it a little let me show them maybe
one would not because I'm trying to get
roasted like I'm always getting oh Sami
let nas get roasted since he has one
musically alone in my musically accounts
let me show you guys not this one okay
hey my mom gave it to my mother than I
wrote wrote the Helen wrote the Helen us
please
pretty people dance I guess that's how
British people down I'll try to teach
them how to dance I day but that's how I
guess I thought the British people
there's people got no freaking flag oh
my god you're just on hard on you Kate
you love it and I'm going on you can
turn on any decent like okay yeah feels
like a turtle is head sick and I use it
oh hi guys this music leads with me and
slim I remember the day like when
yesterday we're at the airport we're
heading I believe to Dubai and wait
honeymoons there everyone was on my
favorite one so you know what I'm saying
that's watch it
thank you no okay yes doesn't mean to
make sure someone quit quit what
yah-tchi
I've been with a real slim boy poor boy
you don't make a suitor restless what
you guys would go away too hard man
there's way too hard hi guys this
musically is me and demand Leo my man
Leo shadow said aha me leo alright we
did it in the UK the shape of you ready
set the buses yeah I'm in love with your
body
last night you in my room alright
alright that's it no good this is good
alright is it good with them I hate when
the garlic to think it is other people
very rarely hear anything is recent but
you is not veggie I since console idiot
oh no tell me what you insist your
mother to job disability good need such
as noise a job just as those I'm gonna
have a freaking becchi
row yeah yeah and loving it down hi guys
we're now done with this video I'm done
being roasted I'm done I can't handle
this man my old family roasted me right
front of my face to the public so yes
you guys enjoyed it make sure you give
it a thumbs up thumbs up for the
roastmaster Jamaat and the roast Queen
Hamza got another face the other side
other that thumbs up United Adam a
second eight thumbs up really you know
how many people would think I like an
ape thumbs up I want to see fifty
thousand dubs up for my major man he
said he has they don't want to be hums
up out he's asleep
I love you guys subscribe for daily
videos
you join a hate out of family week video
week oh my god okay I'll have to take
what we make a day to go separate ways
oh okay all day given more night
here
that'll be a roll
