the word is OD OD oh hey guys what's up
a newbie gang I hope you I having a base
in there because we're having an amazing
day so we're happy gonna be today you
all should be happy it amazing happy
doobie gang I'm out here with my UK
homies Leo what is good man I dunno
again chillin with you care homey nas
some neither and the UK homie Harris Jay
in the building what is today we got a
crazy challenge video for you guys and
I'm here stuck alone because I'm the
only American here this sucks man it's
me versus these three pagans out here
man but this is what we're gonna do I've
always wanted to do a video like this
for so long where it's like a UK slang
versus an American slang I did the
Australian one with James you mooning
few years ago and this time we're doing
the UK one you can slang I feel like
it's more is it more problem Australia
exactly exactly but do me yeah as you
guys know I know a lot of you guys you
guys know you can't slang and a lot of
you guys know us a slag so today we're
gonna be doing a challenge where I give
these three fools right here words from
my New York City slang I know they're
gonna laugh at I'm a little crazy but if
they get more right than me they went
and if I get more right than them then I
win and you guys have to give me UK
slang words right so all three of them
they've been to America so I feel like
you know we're even I've been to UK
limits America so I feel like let's see
who's who's learned more you know I've
been to the UK so let's see if I learn
more sukhiya slang or they learned more
NYC or American slang alright I'm gonna
go first the first word is first word is
to New York slain dumb what does dummy
that's what I'm saying
doesn't move it doesn't mean that wait
dum-dum he says dictionary you're dumb
are you dumb yeah but I don't sing in
America like that we always say are you
dumb fan be done
you don't you done there already sorry
i'ma say I'm gonna say it in a sentence
already all right yo that jacket looks
dumb good what no you shut up no one
said that you guys know the meaning
guess who know him I do someone caught
you guys your jacket looks dumb you guys
will use that no that looks dumb good
they don't make sense
they have no clue because we have
damaged Olga and we use it properly you
don't the same she do the gang they did
not get that right and meaning of it was
more emphasis like a term of more
emphasis so it means you know it means
like more so yeah it's like bear it and
yeah it's like bear yeah they got zero
zero one for the second video
this kid has red things to be Adam and a
whatsit hey what is that
can a WA and a worm if you are is that
like a disease in you listen to what he
said he said Taylor Swift's new song as
an arrow
oh okay that's how much it's bad like
it's trash like yo yet your accent is an
earworm I saw or sure once you fun it is
stuck in your head so it's a good pause
and era so it's good not gonna lie to
you no one says me
know what sorry guys my word is brick
New York sleep a congressman to Macau yo
this dude to say a break yo what is
brick he Amorites bricks in New York
slang so brave that put some money
yikes brick hard say it say it say it
say no more pink it is I think it's
money you know why don't you wear you
know that how we say like ten bags yeah
I mean I swear heard them say let Tim
Brooks we don't know he's making this up
it is like a bad situation like like
when you like when you hit like a dead
water like no yo this yo my god this
motor was a brick alright yeah I promise
you guys all the New Yorkers we're not
watching and they're like that's how we
would say yeah bricks it was your own
rather than a shit bow please came and I
I mean I mean let me give to UM sentence
go I'm feeling pretty prick on you man
knows home bro yeah cold no one break is
cold this stuff Rick is cold they got a
point behind she didn't ever do that but
I'm exactly I mean you guys look at the
point yeah poor say you dumb what's a
napped
napped like there's easy man I tell you
already I'm so confident man they think
I don't know this nabbed is robbed like
they stole me yeah like yo yo he not
good for me man you know that's kind of
it
like no yeah it's to zip man it's not
fair no sleep huh what
see pinch oh it's called 1970s words but
binge watch binge watch oh my god the
word isn't good
that's the substitute I don't know I
don't know do this I don't know it is
come on
all these people behind it they're just
shocked come on my bench haven't been
good like a lot sounds like a pig you
are the binge obsessed over basically
anything so like I'm I didn't I
binge-watched friends oh god man it's
like why like why make a word for like
watching a lot of Highland next word is
brolic brollies brolic oh we should say
Brussels sprouts
what's belly yes guess what is brother
can you run it it sounds like a
vegetable a vegetable like broccoli
rocks
sprouts yeah oh it sounded like a trinny
buddy Bromley Brody put it in a sentence
yeah yeah why every time we're gonna put
this off here man look see what do you
mean the sentence is Arnold
Schwarzenegger is Brawley what easy I've
been so nice be given as these freakin
sentences laughs at God's gums gone
because that guy comes always in the
same God that guy is always in hearing
closed ok but I only want Leo to answer
this one is that ok
racism is what the word is Odie Odie oh
gee what does Odie mean Odie like you
know Leo's already cool nah no sorry
economic zone shit all right what is it
oh my god Odie it's all this what I
picked up from when I'm just speaking
since I've known Adam yeah it's like
he's super agrees or he's super like no
that guy did this uvula Odie no no no no
yes yeah but Doug's
give it the meaning you just have my
text messages right now me ROG oh yeah
yeah but but everything
yeah yeah because is overdue oh yeah
balaclava yeah what's the balaclava
buddy on your face you know - scoff on
your face
Rocky Maivia ski mask ballet or mafia
ski masks key moves yeah you know who
the schemer well I just come on run up
in your house with a bunny oh do me gang
I'm so mad the UK peeps whine it's all
good in the hood if you guys enjoy this
video make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go turkey also do me a Mitch you
guys check out the homie Leo / a nice
toy show not ZZ liaison a nice toy show
also and the Holy Harris Harris J what
up man I don't know a good yes all this
wood for me man
I got nothing thank you guys so much for
loving so I'll see you guys tomorrow
leaving back to New York City the homies
right here they give me you chaotic
knives is going to Dubai and I'll see
you guys tomorrow do me I take care
peace I like put a runway PJs on a PHA
head nachos the DJ got baby I'll replay
it like paper like a briefcase I'm gonna
make you face your fear I see
