hey yo hey yo hey yo you know what I'm
gonna let my homegirl read my hand on my
leg work remote roasted don't mess with
power because you can have battle you're
also having an amazing egg because I
having an amazing day so if I'm gonna
make a dish you wanna be on an amazing
happy dumi gang today's video is going
to be more of an update video more of a
chill video with the family just a
family fun video and to keep you guys
updated with what's gonna happen the
next week you guys ready yeah I would
ask you oh that's enough
so the first update is I'm leaving to
India tomorrow New Delhi India and then
Mumbai to do some charity work so India
India yeah you're not excited I'm going
to India beam up sorry I had to break
the news sir again I'm leaving to India
and then Australia and then Dubai and
then we're going to come back in August
so sorry Rima gonna be good okay you
good yeah everyone is a great girl nutin
thank everyone for not making me feel
sad so I'm going to be a new doll G and
then Mumbai Mumbai there might be
something there if we can get it
organized so stay tuned then after that
I'm going to go to Australia doing some
finishing touches with the secret
project and then divide the last
finishing touches of the secret project
and then I'm back to New York City when
you come back you thinkin if you think
your birthday's August 30th I come back
to New York around August 4 or 5 because
I also have an event I don't know if you
guys have heard about in New York New
Jersey and Philly and everyone is coming
to Fame you guys coming through yeah
also in the next few days I am going to
be having
and Adams family week I told you
yesterday I'm saying it again because
it's going to be super fun I'm going to
have separate videos with each Adams
family member I think some of them might
be together I think I'm dead German
we've already filmed it and it's both of
us together and it was a crazy crazy
video might be uploaded tomorrow and the
day after and the next video is going to
be with Hayley and the next video is
going to be with Rhema and hopefully I
can film with saya
Youssef Dina and Muhsin before I go it
might be impossible but if I can't I'm
doing when I'm back but so far I got
these three and Japan to be in the
addams video week so I might do half
battle family I want to back to New York
City I'm gonna do the rest of the Addams
Family
okay do me yank so me and the Addams
Family we've come to a decision to show
you guys our secret talents I've showed
you guys my secret talents already but
the Addams Family they're going to show
you guys their secret talent and then
after that we're all going to have a
roast battle like a really crazy roast
battle so hope you guys are ready for
that but first we're going to do the
secret Talent so this is the Addams
Family talent show
welcome but do be gay I'm here with has
the Rima and how you met say hello okay
so welcome to Addams Family Got Talent
this is a show for you guys a do me gang
who subscribes and have your
notifications on you have your
notifications on do you have your
notifications on yeah you do do you yeah
do you you don't have me notification on
you do you lie to me oh you're not lying
joking you have your notifications on I
do so is that your secrets haven't your
secrets I was joking it's all good
today we're going to show you guys some
secret talents of The Addams Family
we're going to start off with the one
the only
so handsome
what's your name what just so how's that
what's your name
okay sorry about that God my secret
Allah is joking order and one second
baby's drinking water in one second yeah
all right
go get water Matt so let's see if you
can drink water in one second I wouldn't
be surprised if you can't do that he got
his water over here so hamza take it
away
ready set go one what bo how do we do a
roll let's find a trinket Wow and that
was such a huge fail
- she's up next and I feel so bad for
because its water all over the floor and
she does dancing which I think may be my
secret talent okay sorry so she has
another secret Tommy so - what's your
name she just said it so uh my name my
name is I butcher in Elmo my name Jason
nice to see you how are you so okay
dorri um ah okay so I'm Ari
yes dork oh I get it okay guys highly
gonna show you guys her secret tongue
you need a microphone or not you need a
microphone no my brush go back you guys
we're changing oh hey
wow that was really amazing but how you
high five very good dad all right guys
next up we have Rima
a so Remo what's your name
are you guys ready what's your secret
Talent you do the split I think everyone
knows that you have another Talent Wow
so she can do the split with her eyes
closed I mean yeah she can do it with
their eyes open but she can also do it
with her eyes closed
that's what you call Talent let's see it
Reba why God give it up for real masala
yeah that was amazing have fun dad oh do
me gang the time has come the roast
battle of the night it's going to be me
and Rima versus Hamza and Hayley so this
duo versus that duo we're gonna go with
a rap rose battle like easy one-liners
mean Rima are gonna go first matter of
fact I'm gonna go first I'm going to see
what's up you guys ready yeah come on
yeah it's a wild and out ish come on
clap you yeah yeah come on yo check it
okay yeah check it yo blue garden I'll
check it it's about to go down yeah yo
that dude is now yeah
hey yo and your hunger yeah you're 13
and you weigh more than me that's insane
you need to stop eatin because your
belly is bigger than your brain yeah
come on check you boy let me set it up
yeah okay up thirty that I got a big
belly tool and just kind of breasts
already 24 and I want taller than you Oh
yo what up that how does this happen
good hey yo hey yo hey yo you know what
I'm gonna let my homegirl read my hand
on my leg work 3-month roasting don't
mess with um because he's having fun
anyone
oh sure let's go away okay
yeah who's mad who's like come on me
who's next
hey let's go spit something say sorry
okay okay you look this is my brother
you may look like me they called son
it's true but Adam you're just mad you
only get views when they remind you ohh
oh my god ohh which he added family okay
yeah
come on rematch other yeah you just read
the board and you have a ugly nose
you're just mad because Adam less
readable oh he's like if we were can do
began you got to get inside who won was
a habitat hater for me and Rima or even
I'm not your life Rima did really really
good and how you also did really really
good so you guys let us know in the
comments below as a team Adam Rima or
team Halen 9ee nope is team Adam Reed
see Madeline righto all right be rattled
yeah anyways I'm going to wrap up this
little update fun video I did see you
guys I hope you guys enjoyed if you did
make sure you get a thumbs up thumbs up
and do me a thumbs up and go turkey I'll
see you guys tomorrow
take care Andy my dad do I wait gonna
school change and hit the highway
now little buddy I can call my way I'll
just get my new tank that I'm on my way
to your move
