boom is going to sound be killed after
they have to die because hand up and is
attached waiting waiting on waiting on
you can have battle you'll know hey guys
I'll stop a doobie gang I hope you all
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so we're having an
amazing day you all yeah an amazing
happy alright guys so I just left the
Apple Store because I put my phone in my
screen is all cracked I don't know if
you got seen it before in the vlogs and
one screen is all cracked and I'm
finally getting my phone fixed but the
thing is they have my phone for around
two to three hours and I'm so so sad
because I'm phoneless man muscles to
zoom in it what am I supposed to my I
don't have no phone but it's all good
I'm used as two hours to hang out with
Hamza and Jim and I'm going to go get my
phone I'm still not feeling that well
but my stomach is getting a little
better
I just need to watch and what I eat okay
Zuma gangster this is Central Park
there's an entrance all the way down
there and there's an entrance all the
way down there but it's also an entrance
to the Addams Family right here
we'll be careful because the thing of
only three people that I see deep into
that then I will catch be careful
icicles that's really deep we have to go
through all the way there so let's
everything I'm going to be careful come
on I'm just going to go first
he's the tester suddenly have a team
we're gonna bring him back go if he's
good it will go get your pitch in around
and jump all right get down come on you
better catch another night actually
hello you okay you okay you're just
say hi give every on this run you're
gonna get the bag we uh we know gala
now let us hope to me only the Pauli's
coming here political know we're like in
the middle of like no way Elia and that
was our ratchet entrance to Central Park
look guys look why this bill bill Blake
in Central Park where you can ride boat
but you don't go on the boat it's a
remote-control boat or you can use it
guys look how beautiful this is
Oh both alright that is see there's a
sailboat that people use you look he's
using the remote for the boat guys we're
about to read sailboat one dude just
eleven just really are you go to us a
seat means your mother going to go you
go put on your cell hat semesters now
about yourself huh okay how to use it
Eastern right and laugh and then the
wind blows you bite them down you
opening a sail up to close it or
whatever at we crush what if there's a
bull accident you know crashing come on
sure how do get a ticket
guys what do you guys think this is I
don't know but it looks really familiar
oh nice great-great-grandpa what the
happen he but okay some normal people do
try to take pictures yet and weird
people to go on top of get off yeah
weird right weird kids then you can keep
them all right take care
Oh take that take care of them I'll see
you tonight but try to hit me
collapsed at his belly looks like
husband and they still chased in even
once you want
well you want to do on a child you would
do on him I told you you do how you
doing it oh yeah
I'm do Ladoga means wafer for Mexico no
way how you know keV huh yeah so my best
friend is from Yemen no way as though I
told you yeah you were study so you know
it's all about the culture there's no
way that's leave items a lot more man my
shower
selim selim team yamanami thank you man
I love all my dignity with a cool fun
man
you want to know do you want to you can
take my flour and sugar sticky buns
right okay okay okay mmm I really was
all day
yeah
guys like the life of a youtuber I got
to put up my blog I'm getting hot spot
from Hondas iPhone so the good thing I
got him my phone it just got done
uploading right now so your buddy
so right now I just start the episode
and means the relative of the runner at
his house and I here at my house Adams
gonna come to blows with me and I just
want to prank Adam oh come on some of
the hamster died hello you know I don't
but yo I don't know something else got
this is dead it's not moving I just shot
it's backwards laying down what
bachelors it's dead growth you know
explain backwards like the wall it's
right either with scissors but knock
down the fourth limitless her that's
like touching I did I was trying to mess
with this people Oh Peppa did well well
no no looked on over like right now I
just got my phone yeah like him I can
15-20 minutes i'ma take over all right
what so focus I'm a behind the camera to
love yourself so he comes over to
Jackson religious people these communist
call that for people Enoch hello oh yeah
I hope you killed it butter my little
cool my service I maybe you don't want
us you sure
good okay I'm sure deadly well did it
does it move it's going down the motors
open I am a computer it's too afraid of
Iran much
you really did I killed it how I'm going
to let please love animals I'm gonna
take the handset and I'm gonna put it
for the handsome Obama hiding it clear
eyes I don't have a solid team a
filament Billy stuff I still have got
bamako pesto at bat I'm surprised
arithmetic
method that was the letters Rosa for
citizens it allows come on bro also
their timings flange it'll map to the
bodies no more than Bernie is something
come on men wrote this like heart racing
follow this is embarrassing
you'll soon find out we can take care of
like a pet finds a month be enough
enough rope how did that time you didn't
give a full rank oh that's what it is
the food is all today that's right
other than just like my toughest guys Oh
God bro both the so embarrassing
last time so we have safety happen
anything we having the cat daddy cat and
bomb was embarrassing bro
I can't you see how to take care of it
come on man time the bodies to carry
Christmas
then what I think Oh God
Johnson yeah I'm aren't I on it I'm
against me like other left
please don't I'm going to love you all
oh my god subscribe this with one second
not with a little that immediately
catches it we catch the answers yes then
we will go a little later
don't touch this look didn't owe you no
no don't let's go to town y'all done was
going to Samba kill they after they
acted on it because hand up and I of the
cash are you waiting on what do you want
I fell down that's really him down
ha ha come on shake it we go
I don't know what to do I won't get a
busy day oh my god is that wrong you
told me we can't give up how do you do
me do we go go go oh my god if you keep
following us
I do mean ratios oh my how does it
appear a oh my god this doors unexpected
the weirdest was kind of good prank that
how does that ever done you got a lot a
couple huh I'm on careful comes always
oh my god I'll take the worst person to
get free but it's probably how's it
that's something you would do how's that
right playground recycling is a cure
much you sure you sure you sure those
companies like you played cash not I do
it I do it do it again
I can't believe this how's that these
are called Sun God we so good this is
like a perfect place this the best
friend you've ever done
this is best friend will give an idea oh
now forget - sounds good haters hey no
one's asleep what come on welcome and it
would place his hand over the win anyone
no one has to be tomorrow and we need to
video I'm a college imagine I'm gonna
close you man
meaning have to do a video I want to
tell you guys what I want to do this
whole week or the whole next week I want
to do like a challenge week with the
Adams family so a new video not a
challenge week like video week with the
Adams family like each member of The
Addams Family
is going to have their own video with me
so it's going to be like meaner emo mean
hanza me and German me and hide it means
Seiya me and uses every single day for a
week so I really hope I can pull it off
because I'm leaving to India in like two
to three days and I'm suffering with
this freaking dude deadly and I think I
broke the cage which is like I feel so
bad and I didn't mean like breaking I
got really angry because he played catch
with a freaking hamster would get
logically catch with a Hansen rope and
then he's telling me you play with it in
a vacuum and stuff but clouds for Hamza
I was really good tied to the webinar
follow the cameras vlogging do we go
back come on adieu me come on others
like near pause but you're overdoing it
Frank
what's up come on come on do me right
there come on a half attack come inside
come excite us
Maura do me do me so smart if I love
I'll do me so smart he's on those dumb
hamster he's smarty smarty pants he's
cute you do me getting I love having
this chaotic place and I came to Mawson
who just woke up from a nap but keeps
waking me up from my sleep how you doing
muffin hey hi hey I love tea though he's
learning just like we're used to learn
oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh the duma game in a
wrap of this vlog right if you enjoyed
it make sure you give it a thumbs up
he's talking to a mother Bridget
I should it's time to rather does like
you guys enjoys like you're choking me
make sure you give us a thumbs up thumbs
up come on get out there and go turkey
let me see you guys tomorrow
muffin take care and me peace give me
kiss one but in all day
guillain-barr√© not here in the hallway
obviously you'll cry yeah that's what
they all say I'm about to
