tell me what was he exactly saying okay
I'll just tell me exactly what you're
saying you can have the he'll be on my
hey guys what's opera do me gay I hope
you'll hand it to me today because you
are amazing happy day adieu me yang I'm
not feeling too well because I've been
throwing up all day and I've been using
the bathroom all day like a Stannis I
just really didn't like to use it I've
been in the bath it's been killing me so
much I'm not even joking I've never been
this ill for so so long it's been like
years since I've been this ill and I
feel so like I don't feel normal I feel
ill I don't know what I ate or anything
but I really hope I get to feel better
because I'm leaving to India in a couple
days you're going you didn't know I
don't drink
touch the only drink water I don't even
drink so it's awesome a drink soda was
like a long time ago
that's how I just thought of a destiny
also I am not feeling too good because
yesterday
Hamzah almost got robbed but luckily at
hamdulillahi got away and everything is
good I do not know why people would try
to rob a 13 year old boy
anyway meantime they're going to tell
you guys what happened I just want you
guys to know that the area that I live
in that I've been living for 20 years
how many lives close to me there that I
live in is kind of I guess you can
pretty much say a dangerous area like
there's a couple people in the area who
getting knocked out hard but they're
really not something I just feel like
calm down you don't when they come to
your face then what are you gonna say
okay let me handle I got it but there's
people around this area that are like
you can say that are dangerous that are
violent and it's kind of dangerous I
grew up here so I know how every thug is
around here how you know how they act
how they try to rob people I know
exactly what they do because I'm 24
years old and I've been through
everything they've been trying to go
through and I don't want times that
being the victim of it since it looks
like a little chubby you know those
Chinese innocent kids like a chubby
innocent kid he looks like a target so
there's going to be people which had a
target Hamza
China Robin obviously he stands out for
most people around the area so some
people are going to try to rob him but I
know exactly what they're trying to do I
know how to handle it and the people
that try to rob him I'm getting if I
ever see them I'm gonna have to speak to
them and handle it in a mature nice way
panda is about to tell you guys what
happened because I don't even know the
full full story so I want him to tell me
the full story
so tell me laughing all right so guys I
do I know because dough is like a couple
of bucks away from my house so I'm
welcome David bellies
answer the deli hey some jelly about
sorry kosher deli is like a regular
store that sells sandwiches and around
the area he has one around me yeah also
yeah guns on someone else like a store
yes yes awesome James cuz the different
girls come on in the store I see people
two kids jaywalking to me he said he was
on it that means I said they were gonna
thank you he said the well unbeliever
extension after Janaka do not this and
then he's like blow the chicken
chocolate I said don't touch me you're
not gonna check my pockets cuz check my
pockets that's the real problems what
happened I was at the night - so
everybody in speakers - no one do it no
so they chatted dinner my pocket and
trying to check up on money so I'm like
don't touch me once I enter Mouse
dancing around said y'all really but it
definitely your doorman I say you're not
gonna do nothing so basically the two
kids a child around him and pickpocket
wanted to end like literally fun
everyone's had a pickpocket
I don't he went home one of them shot a
bitch it up no not not understand - my
god bro I'm not even in the Moose's so
one of them trying to break it up the
other ones trying to rob you yeah why
was one of them trying to break it up
did he like know you would you like you
were no please him leave him more than
him this is ass cuz I was there for and
the guy dogs Channel Robbie was a tall
one the big one and he's a little bit
taller than he did tall one who told me
I was led into southern meal and the
short one was he was doing that what you
think chiller and that's necessary so
there was two people and the reason why
I know how they look because we got
security footage from his house he has
happened to let he has like security in
the doorman in his house 24/7 and when
he went in the kids still try to go in
and try to rather they just
did not give up so they try to rob
mouths side near the store and they
still try to rob him inside they were
trying to make up lies to the German and
they were making up lies saying or
happens that he fought us first and
stuff like that just to make it seem
like to the doorman that he did
something wrong so they have a reason to
like rob him this is why I know people's
mentality
I was ready well I was ready that's what
angry okay okay we like because okay so
I want to show you guys some of the
footage that we have here of the kid
inside talking to hammers I don't know
what you say I want happens it to tell
me what was he exactly saying okay I'll
just tell me exactly what you were
saying okay so what were you doing there
when you want like this then you try to
dad but what about no wrong with him you
could I wanted to go what do you tell
you okay bro you shop with my boy in
this now like row so I'm trying to I'm
trying to go home go to sleep like I
swam a little I was tired I want to call
them go to sleep if they still want us
out bro let me go
what were you saying there with a bongo
I'm saying bro reminder cameras up stop
although buddy waiting so that we ride
the cameras check look for the really
good attack American German I'm good bro
you're not going to do anything
wait doesn't know is that now we do have
now we've every wanted the camera and
have him we see nothing there all we see
is the kids yeah inside next to Hamza
okay who is he pointing it so now I want
to try something you beat him up beat
him up oh you shouldn't enter you beat
the luminol yeah the little the little
is not visited illegally okay so no I
know I already know what these kids are
doing because I've been through people
like them when I was younger I've hung
out with people like that who go around
robbing people so basically there's a
solid kid in the shorter kid and it
looked like didn't like kids themselves
they look like they're 16 17 and what
they're trying to do this whole one is
trying to say oh hamza be it the little
one and he's trying to have a reason to
hit him that to fake it to robbing he
basically trying to fake something to
rob him so if anything happens if he
goes in trouble he'll be at all times
and my friends like they're too small
and I don't know something like that
I've seen people do this this is why
when I seen the video I know that had
something to do but that little kid
he already knew that they're doing
something wrong that's why he was just
like no what'd he say no he said don't
get involved
yes I know sign he comes up to me and so
was just it wasn't and he said I came
out of nowhere I had actors run because
he said that that new stuff is math so
he doesn't he the police it is you know
yesterday you okay you should kept
trying to say that you were hitting the
kid yeah and then because that was him
okay so and off peacefully hamdullah a
kid was trying to just claim that he hit
someone just so he can ride him but that
was sneaky move mom made him mad was
goodie cuz go good my man my man Jay
Sheldon who took off who take that off
man someone's try to take off the W but
jamadar has a story to tell you guys you
got mobbed by a bunch of fans and one of
the fans like by accident like heard him
and he fell so happens yeah it was a
step nah man it was what were they all
doing huh what were they all doing so
like is first out of accident I was
always working just sitting waiting for
my mom and stuff for them like I don't
know what happened but I'm so sad like I
was going to go away sir but like one of
them jumps on me I fell on the floor
almost like older subjects the girls are
boys both my arm got hurt and then was
of entertainment emergency room and then
I was about not because my dad said no
and also this is a serious situation
like a lot of fans mobbed him they were
going to take him to the hospital
because he fell and the fans are like
twice of Gimenez side so any fans at
each a man please do not mob him don't
peep toe interesting you can mob as me
because I'm probably the only one that
can handle it
juh man he's never actually like
fighting them why unify sense huh oh my
arm
better so just said what's wrong you
chose my fans I'll get on I'm not doing
good nothing at all guys I'm not I'm
truly not feeling good like I feel ill
I'm so so sorry
like I like that throughout the vlog off
like the vlog which is dead I'm sorry
just get that Twitter old air could
excuse it I feel I feel so like ill like
not only I'm not together
but I'm still gonna go see son cuz I've
seen something so long so I'm Lucy yo yo
yo with the homie
swimming for shizzle my dizzle my nizzle
you know everything isn't so long yet
I'm a Bettina Cristo like you're clean
come in I know why you cut your hair too
short bro my girl made me bro couch
whoop we're llamas sometimes row your
girl made you cut here Oh PS I'm cutting
your hair and you like cut it one day
Adam when I was telling you what I was
telling you to cut you here you do want
to cut it now your girl what one day
when you're in a relationship will
understand what does that mean huh not
because I would be the man at a
relationship that's all it's respect
decisions right you understand you might
not love you understand the thing you
would man I'm here boy you know what if
you sure what Adams like this I'll make
him crazy I sort of got fight today
not real expect that what is it this
will feel tribunes of it so the shirt no
work it again oh you guys are cute those
is for me is I'm on a date here in
Washington Square Park this is it's a
small park but I love it because there's
so many talented people around here like
you can see like random people
juggling over here you see people doing
whatever movies down there you see guys
putting like bubbles over there you see
people being whipped over here can I try
the unicycle uh I have enough someone
else concerned that here in like a year
what do you say yes or no I mean
you can try it like my man you said yes
you're the man I love to hurt you that
might you want to use some support
maybe the colophon he's trying to get on
a unicycle now here's how you go she's
got a pushing oh oh no I can't go onto
something
man that was so hard I can't even put my
butt on it bro Thank You Man
treci how you juggle hey you got it come
on look at him look at you guys I roll
it out cool
I'm hey look at me I look like a light
bar with these or in short ha ha don't
pull up I guess after multiple you reach
while you reach no way where men could
jump
look at this guy heating she's a tough
guy right look at this tough guy you
really must do it
whoa look at you just take em ozone side
I can't you cross planet you just in you
caught hey what's up
I can't lock him as we speak like that
fifty shirt but everything like a
British guy what I do yeah boy what you
say yet what do you say it don't like it
Cooper this much enough yo you're cool
like one that will share his teeth
they're gonna fuck with joseline
Internet Bob pizza hi guys the Plymouth
dressed fresh you know thing I got my
Gucci flip-flops on what about the bus
some but right now it's once we're just
gonna call them up what is going to go
to copulate I always want to yes enough
there's no place want to and do it man
go on
guys like us um you forgot to go through
we bla get to the but now the crazy
games plateau is back I'm about to go
mrs. taking out a gay got myself in this
position always got an attitude never
showing gratitude always wanna talk but
you never want to listen
oh hey I'm gonna do my way to the pool
James and hit the highway
now listen fuck somebody I can call my
BAE I just leave my new deck there I'm
on my way to you
