I sell so you're going to smoke and then
I'm not going to know so you have cool
smoke coming for you let's see how it is
I hold it you can have the head I'll be
on my back
hey guys what's up in Douma gang I hope
you all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so far I'm
having an amazing day you will also be
having an amazing happy day we are
starting off today house shopping we
went to three houses today I'm not going
to show you guys the house for getting
because we've confirmed we've like
ninety five percent confirmed to one of
the houses and it is beautiful Michelle
my family my family does not want to
show it because do we want to wait till
we get it then we're going to show you
guys but this house right now we're
looking at it we're not going to get
this one because the other one that
we've seen is much much better much
bigger as they're like seven rooms a
huge backyard a huge front yard huge
garage
everything is so dope so the other house
that I've lived a couple days ago I am
not getting that one I'm not getting
down we're going to get one of the
houses that we've seen today that is
still not seen in the like but you guys
will see it wanted to confirm it's a
beautiful house and I cannot wait to
take you guys now we're setting our new
Adams family setting in that house it
may not mean a lot to you guys but it
means a lot to me in my family because
it's like we've been living in
Manhattan's like 20 years 20 years and
moves like a big family house with
family and starting like a new life and
like stuff like that I was just going to
be amazing city no fat bag a new chapter
a beautiful new chapter new beginning so
I know I got a Wonder Woman shirt like
bro you know that's my girl right there
why you gotta wonder what was I got a
Mike Tyson shirt right there like of
Mike Tyson me without guys look what my
brother got in his car he got a freaking
like I don't know this is like a
construction MTA kind of thing in his
car the reason why he got it because
whenever he's parked up for anything he
puts this inside the car so people won't
give him the ticket such that's why he's
such an Arab man even my dad my dad has
like a pro Rican flag in his car so
people won't break the cars usually
people used to break our cars in our
neighborhood only ours because we should
have like a Quran and the Yemeni flag
well my brother has the night puts it
inside a garage now you got
they only got tickets such an I suffer
emo my dad's and I get him and take it
because my dad told me that publisher
next chapter on Oak Island a ticket well
you got the room when I parked sometimes
the me to finishing up with this but
nobody can eat tickets Melissa help us
there's an hour book this is a good room
is it what they do me gang I'm with
someone Adams family right now muffin he
has a fever
hands on you man handle entire swimming
class how they want to hang your mouth
well I got a punch people space ways
like and me my yesterday I was walking
outside hey guys after that I was going
to go there well Mia we got done house
shopping now in the house right now
chillin and I'ma I can't wait to like we
move in because it's gonna be Lily yeah
why it's so cute you're blocking me no
no huh
we're so cute because you because me
yeah oh look what the hell with you
buddy have a light what are you later
they always take my bat my dad just put
sliders out of nowhere like stop and a
cigarette I don't know where hey guys
thank you too much smoke but on the one
okay don't tell my dad okay
you're not gonna know on pinky promise
under yes you sure so you're going to
let me smoke yeah cuz I think it is not
just not pinky promises index let's go
like this
pinky promise clean your pinky ring a
piggy yes we after I smoked Thank You
smoke and I might hit 101 okay like I
said no one at all okay okay Shh
I say oh you're gonna smoke and then I'm
not gonna turn no one so you have cool
smoke coming for you let's see how it is
I hold it pretty much
what are you doing that's it
we got him because sales been caught ah
are you fighting everybody Hey how
there's no comment chef
yep look at the guy Michelle yeah you
said you always mess up the vlog and get
okay so you're gonna stay out of the
vlog i mutism
anyone tells you to smoke any of your
friends anyone if anyone tries to tell
you to do something that's not good
don't do it okay I give me a hug I love
you there you better call a redhead to
say I'm gonna cry this is what we're
gonna do okay
no idea how you want to go back to no
game huh I just told you know when
you're saying yes no such as does it do
you wanna smoke now huh he's looking at
me like yeah so what do you do with
cigarettes oh let's say I'm someone else
and I'm like hey say yes smoke what do
you do oh you don't
good good blowjob ha ha mom miss it I
want to you still wanna know you can't
you so what's the rule for today what's
the rule for yeah okay no smoking and no
doing anything bad don't let anyone peer
pressure you with anything okay
Haley yeah you should take smoke signal
you see no don't even touch it why do
you grab it if they know you're coming
this month hey no no such hour so that
was it
okay yeah he's really sick so please
pray for the homie my second he woke up
he's really really hot yo my dad finds
out we broke all his cigarettes he's
gonna trip out you so you know I'm gonna
do I'm out peace a gang gang gang gang
gang gang gang it do be gay how much
Deena Deena goes up like that how you
doing
thank you so much you always get told
her when I see you but skinny are you
such a little like she's so skinny her
in a moccasin or literally like
toothpick that's so so skinny like look
inside the wrist
u.s. you know why don't you eat look I
can like mop like my whole like it says
them up like not even have my finger you
eat do you eat you know eat I care
you only cereal wha eat more I'm
screwing with you huh I'm going to give
you a spanking guys look at this shisha
that I got from Egypt look so small what
you love this yeah
who loves it yeah you see it dude let me
test D now if she does it she's she for
right now so let's see if she she's
pretty much done saying you just say
after Rima so we did not you went to
smoke huh yeah come on - twice ah try
yeah Deena's really special she's
low-key smart you just notice what on
all of them okay it do me gang I'm with
my nephew sir we just made an escape out
of my house because there was visitors
at my house so you know me Yousef we had
that marriage talk and stuff but we were
out yeah
when we left we're going to Central Park
this is going to teach me how to fly the
drone do not know I have no clue how to
use a drone today going to teach me how
to use a drone and he's going to have he
always has like good of line footage of
drones and stuff so we're going to see
it it was tough today TV good guy
sharing number one Peter I okay when
he's really give a text off my shovel
ever since he was younger like I
remember anyone he was like muscles age
and and like even having his age he's
always played was like all these tech
stuff and like bigger the tech stuff
mashallah I'm like who so tech like
computer and like stuff like that that's
why a lot of his vlogs are really like
drone and techie and nerdy so he's a
low-key nerd Havener he's a nerd hi guys
we're in Central Park my favorite Park
ever I love it so much it's like it's so
huge as far as beautiful I love it so
much so Youssef guys I don't know is
drone it's the new drone is really small
let me see him take it out take it the
constant well this is the DJ DJ ice Park
and it's like look my hand is bigger
than this man it's like the size of half
my hand and can this cut you with a
slider on the air bro it goes 30 miles
per hours there's no way it's not a toy
alright and then after that it is a toy
this is a little more comfy catch in it
that has
less how the gimbal is getting with the
gimbal when he was down the gimbal brawl
we see nerdy we got three ways to apply
it by with your hands with your phone
and with this Rio 21 first under your
hand row you can play right now on my
hand go right now yeah without the
control of it or nothing I let me see
the camera yeah
no freaking way no way no way I'm
tripping Rodan some UFO s guys look at
this Ross this is crazy you pick every
finger yet you got to be coming what's
that coming towards me whoa this is sick
hi I move your hands to the right and
left
oh good a violator to the right baby
Anna put put your hand under it
you'll get closer and go on do it so
what that means is going to land on him
oh my god Allah yo this nigga sick it's
so much more fun to what I expected in
it take off there you go Wow oMG boat
taking to that ability what sounds yo
the thing is gone and I just think this
in the sky you'd rip it oh I'm tripping
out go guys Jonas freaking lost Yusuf is
insane it goes really really far like he
says you're freaking idiot bro finish my
class we lost connection with the drone
look there's nothing he looked
he's literally trying to take us that's
what we going to get in trouble man
illegal to do freaking drones here
Wow bro this little thing went all over
my god
like huh I got a pencil
it came back by itself this is crazy
that's how smart that thing is because
imagine if it gets lost and it just
falls out of nowhere I'll be dangerous
okay do me again get it's time to wrap
up this vlog I hope you all enjoyed his
life he did make sure you had a thumbs
up and go turkey times I just called me
up he told me that someone just tried to
rob him near his house so I have to
check up on him and I'll keep you guys
updated for tomorrow I'm not kind of not
in a good mood because of what happened
with him I'm going to check up and see
what's going on I'll keep you guys
updated tomorrow take care and peace I
like fucking all day killing or not here
in the hallway she set you up and plead
you'll cry get us what they all say
