you can have that'll be all night hey
guys what's up a do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day guys this is my last
couple moments here in Dubai I want to
give you shout outs as I a grant Hotel
think you have so much for all your
hospitality
thank you guys so much for everything
she ate you guys and hopefully the next
time for Dubai we going to be out here
so let's see how it goes we're heading
to the airport you have two minute if
--all within the shutdown I like it cool
see you thanks please go go first I'm
wearing it I'm here either weather dad
now does it
nice to meet you what's your name he's
our Lavar why are you laughing at me huh
are you laughing oh yeah
it was good Evo gentleman difficulty
fight he did so different thank you to a
function everything and I appreciate
higher Grand Hotel see you guys next
time
yes all right sounds good oh my god
watch the airport we're heading back to
New York City and I do not know why all
three of us are wearing here heading to
New York City like we're going to get
questions especially you mean we're not
any questions we have American passport
we're American citizens were considered
American this is got my Canadian so
Canadian UK from the vine wearing this
and when in first is Mohammad and your
first all you got yo says you nobody
knows he's going out of dis alliance
you're going on a different customs line
you're going to Emma girl I'm miserable
yeah you guys can all read this one yes
be careful work depends I don't know you
may not know everything man music man
look man we don't know you go like that
yeah looks like that just say like that
guys so we miss our flight
by like two to three minutes for
Emirates the so dope so they given us
free flight you're going to spill hotels
free taxi free everything Emirates you
guys are dope as hell for that I mean I
don't mind another night Dubai but we're
stuck in here you missed about like two
minutes again two minutes like I miss my
family man but it's all good it's just
another like 12 hours 14 hours and
Emirates is helping
prick for you in the living yet could've
means get around read every relay route
trail every thank you for your
cooperation
yeah I got em boys yeah thank you yeah
and you Emirates don't bump another one
and Neville Neville you got to find a
sec you got it is why I got to keep it
with you and you have to exchange it in
any Emirates for step four appearances
watch a movie present a cafeteria yeah
they're pretty long trip be around Iran
for real okay thank you guys so much
thank you we're just waiting for your
let's help out is different our budget
lit bet you stole it
yeah I love you guys do damn I need some
can you hold it to me and I'll come back
making yeah I was doing
what are you going to excellent
surely to come to focus seven days later
where is Haru Felicity what inaudible
because her bra hey Debbie guy you're
just given televised economy which every
hour in August this debuff elites were
having to do it sugar hungry guys doing
it okay I missed my flight so they're
going to give this another flight
hi guys Carly yeah of course we got you
man
I don't do it thank you gentlemen
thank you so much of it it went preciate
it bumble expand thank you hi guys we're
going to I don't miss is giving us our
own driver
look if you say cigarette there is no
good I've written giving us our own
driver
man they love Adam so much we missed our
flight and they hooked us up with a full
day man I came here free hotel five-star
free food a driver and three ticket
anytime we can use within a year like
what does that man and the Emirates are
only a result every success the auto
miserly with homers not bad mom dad and
lured cruising going in this is our
hotel right here we got an interest just
for emirate I rinsed does it won't have
to desire something cool because like I
don't know everything is Emirates this
Emirates that every scar every so tell
I'm excited to buy but seriously no
other airline would have done this only
Emirates were like when accommodate you
and we still nice about it it took care
of everything man everything all the
thing matter like you need this you need
that we got immersed in America there
would've been like oh ma ok so first of
all that thing on your head
yeah I want you to take it off for a
second of all I'm a can um I call this
number first and then you have that
number I don't know
come on oh hey I'm going to highways
gonna to change and hit the highway
now look buddy I can call my BAE I've
seen my new tank that all my way i'ma
clear was this whole food on the lunch
dinner and breakfast tomorrow morning
and yeah do it about to glue nap and I'm
up
hi guys you just made it sour flight we
want that Landis I decided not to blog
unless to just chill because I don't
know I felt like getting a little mini
break right now we're eating Burger King
I sold nibble the best ever fast-food
spots are in the Middle East yeah what's
up man how's it going yeah what your
Margaret's that dude is Chloe with the
ad curve that B word what's out not good
man not good it's all good you have you
enjoyed some Burger King here in Dubai I
try to try it first wait there first but
honey I need sauce so how about Roberto
stop writing some barbeque sauce right
here boy
what's the hell in that vivo it's one
thing I hate eating with some man you
did purpose to earlier I know man I just
parsing our starters right now they're
kind of dirty early morning breakfast
you did it dad like it smells a bit of
sweet orange but it's maybe anything up
lighter than a fire all right fire and
everything pollo unlike you I got a
roast in example two privative know what
well I don't touch entire resource Oh
hot sauce music ass and you should know
in the booth sax man you love fighting
places
he's always using the bathroom a spicy
food
up
guys are not balanced light but hi guys
watch
on a head video over here and I want to
tell you guys
now suppose
that your computer can silly but it is
now cancelled because of motors kind of
screwed us over this is why I hate doing
show that are not like my own would like
comment or I love doing shows that are
just you know my tours I just aren't
there the last ones am so so sorry
New York New Jersey Philly promise I'll
make up to you guys and I promise I'll
have my own show the hoenn source so
each other making all other promoters
that I do not know who they are I have
no clue any kind of bug focus about
folks go to another country the finish
of the whole teacher project I did it
I'm going to New York because I thought
it would show now that I'm not and it's
inviolate clouds like to go next month
in September I have to go back to New
York and the country that of course
observer is back toward the way that I
was in Salman's finish it and get it
over but now that have canceled the
promoters quotas over I can't I got to
this comes back to complain and these
chemo puffiness
both spots in the play and get this
thank you so much any chatter engineered
thank you guys so much because no one
nothing about it I know I feel so bad
don't do this then I'll try to give that
feel like though you deserve this
service but maybe just so much better
because everything that's going on so
thank you guys for you and linear
operation you out cannot let us off you
guys just like some stuff you guys mom
like you guys get that Sam's mom
and then with your kid okay okay but in
all day killing more night here in the
hallway she beckons me you'll cry yeah
that's what they all say
I'm about to go missus speaking
