commonness is a contradiction 108 oh my
good
you can have bad we all know hey guys
what's up and do me gang I hope you are
having an amazing day because I am
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day into me gang today is the big
day the do mechanics and love meet and
greet and city stars Cairo Egypt but
there's a couple restrictions that I've
been told about someone talk to you guys
about it right now I've been told by the
police that I'm with the police that are
like protecting me and the whole movie
crew that it's illegal to bring a
speaker and a microphone and to perform
in like a public place like that it is
completely illegal and that you can get
arrested for that in Egypt so he told me
to not do that and the police also told
me that I cannot do a live giveaway
because if I throw something then
everyone comes together in the mall some
people will get hurt so they're worried
about their safety so he also told me
that I'm not allowed to do that the only
thing I can do is show up and I can
still get in trouble by showing up
because a lot of you guys are going to
come almost everywhere that I've been in
Egypt everyone has been talking about
City stars coming through to Cairo and
I'm so so excited and I appreciate you
guys and I'm so happy but I'm really
really sad because I can't do my
performance I can't do my live giveaway
I was going to give away some of my
merch that I had so since the police
told me I'm restricted from doing that
and I can get arrested this is what I'm
going to do I'm going to bring my
speaker well not the speaker right here
over here I can blast on my way with
this right and we can all sing along and
since I can't give away my merch and
throw it I have four bracelets here that
I got in Egypt that I bought myself in
Egypt and the first four people that I
meet I'll personally give it to you guys
and I won't throw it away so the police
ain't stopping me not it's really really
scared because we might get in deep
trouble just like a lot telling you guys
like we've been warned now probably a
thousand or two two thousand people are
going to show up at the mall I see it as
this way like I mean it's promoting the
mall you can shop in that city stars
more but I don't know we're going to
have to see and wait how it goes I'm
sorry I'm a professional idiot the doom
again I love you for whatever happens
and I'll see you guys in next shot
alright guys so first of all we give you
shout out to nod forgive me
take a look at it with no way oh wow I
just probably think like a soccer player
also I want to give you shout out the
Taric kind of films were coming through
with us throughout the whole journey has
been amazing today's the last day and
taking experience crazy meeting Greece
and he's here to help us just the case
because you know he got he's just
unlocked that much I love so we're going
to see how it goes not on the other hand
he is really really scared like he's
afraid if we're going to get in trouble
this year yeah yeah sorry what has even
say it no he's a little bit worried
about make sure it's a difficulty to go
or is actually worried about it so I
know I know you tell me what are you
wait what are you scared about what is
you me yeah I have this thing where you
have to advise by little now if they
don't want you to do these public
appearances and these big disturbances
it's not of the service you're doing
wrong but I'm doing anyway thank you
thank you
when they say when they said you need to
negative we always do this like every
other week Mel and what do I do
we go there and what do I do you so
neither had it you still have said it
you snapchats it yeah
in the UK its point no it's not in the
UK I know how to system work no it's not
because without sometimes in UK please
always drag me out they do the work the
Egyptians are coming
thank you see the difference being
positive and negative no it's not it's
your size oh no no no it's cool dumb and
dumber no other being small that's what
it does we love your thought because
there is nothing to do with we get in we
didn't do without you just been getting
a pair screen how the whether you look
at it they look at like this you're
cruising a public disturbance we're not
losing a gathering if they hire polite
kind people they leave you want a gang
I do me thank you love tonight that's
what I do me yes
I love the move if nothing to do that
it's just the way it's organized so
that's why stipulate I'll be the smart
one where will we get arrested now the
hang of the whole machine the prison
cell with the water British Embassy
Jaffa are you going to come with us yeah
Oh nervousness everyone is literally
mama I would like I can even go inside
everyone followed by girls around
Oh
the corner to make Thomas affectionately
late
oh my good
you
well out of you know I don't you know
wonder stop over here let you carry on
father so profesh it was game day we got
mobbed and we were threatened by the the
police so we've done everything out of
it so we're we not a full filter though
one on sorry but I can't I can't do that
uh the specialist dangers well shut up
shut up shut up we don't want to work
out how was it in finish ours mode how
many of you day what does what does no
more man every desiccate most of the
other on the side iranian
my day bro I appreciate you I don't know
the police the police tell us we can go
awesome look what go through quiet they
said if we go in and get arrested
that's what they say it's not yeah
that's right you know this type of
readings and I see your nose does it
also come inside to prison I'm not on a
bet listen I'm not a 2-month Olivia
while your garrison you have had a fight
with the security of all we didn't know
that you know we're not letting come in
because I make some external socialize
video with you know what how my do the
condition I do you have to give me a
vlog tomorrow Kay Edda man right there
yeah give a shadow bro Hindi brother
Yong I love you more bro you guys are my
day I feel better now okay now that I
know what's going on in there be good
again IP Authority but go on there in
one day so it was good you said hi dear
what I am a bad man they said they
didn't want this big crowd and they need
to break it up and they said if we
didn't break it up they would arrest all
of them
the duma gang we just got back from the
meeting greet it was seriously so crazy
but since we got kind of in trouble we
have some I don't know if it's bad news
a good news for you guys but as you guys
know me and now alike you can pretty
much say the King took like doing all
these public meetups but from now on
we've came to a decision to never ever
do public meetups ever again in the mall
or anywhere in public parks I remember
starting 2014 alike an unmanned and hyde
park and it would be insane but these
days especially like today we can't even
like became and we're onto that again
yes that was crazy
how's the difference from like love like
i had years ago to now was like massive
difference man and this is this is what
i was trying to explain to everybody how
much adam has grown over the last three
years and the one I knew him he only be
like a ninja to come on you know I mean
as in cam base
like he
we basically we just can't do them
anymore and we've spoken to the security
team and everyone that everyone said
that stop doing these it gets dangerous
last time someone got hurt in London I
remember and then we still somehow
decided to do it again which is stupid
and it's just it's it's not safe for
anyone so we're not going to do this
anymore and and we're going to advise
what other people security team and
everyone not to do work under and run by
with Council but one unless we can
somehow organise something till we get
there which is I'm going to traverse
from Mumbai we're going to try a little
in tribal by eliminating your hands from
get the minutes cancel this we literally
came and step out the car in the mall
with these like just legitimate freehub
locating it man it gets mad Oh
today was just I'm surprised nobody even
got hurt but I'm glad naugara someone
told me that's whether they were like
don't be sad I didn't get to meet people
because if I did go back someone would
have gone hurt and then then that would
have made me more sad so yeah do me Hank
tweet me sorry twit me enough all the
pictures that we've had in public
meeting greets like all the public ones
we had we had fun while it lasted
memories I'm going to miss it so much
but now we're going to keep it organized
and professional for you guys so you can
meet me properly and hopefully it turns
out great yeah it's pretty much it
that's the news no more public meetups
so if you do see us from like Snap or
insta story that's okay but no more
public saying where we are stuff like
that so I really hope you guys
understand and it's pretty much it and
yes sorry
don't hate us we're doing it so we don't
have a good reason to promise don't we
love you guys you seriously doing it for
everyone's safety for you know kids
mothers fathers to keep it safe and
organized so we hope you guys understand
and hopefully we'll get to meet you guys
real soon but right now we're heading to
this boat dinner it's our last dinner
the movies going to be done and you guys
yeah are going to see it I love you guys
and hope you guys really do understand
yeah
hey that's it hi guys do back at the
hotel the home easily so I hear he's on
my Instagram hello guys it was so crazy
like items couldn't even go out of the
book you know he has to go to Oakland
ellcrys and the driver was driving here
when I was running out the window phone
Nessa snapchat is total craziness Wow
yeah can I show that to we're showing
sheriff eNOS sheriff of modular shuttle
to Wiley chose to jump word yeah I get
bum excited and having a hate here and I
got the wrong girl
you know I'm a chill and ruto Aldi I'm
61 no one my height man puts Oliveira
see I am like a little polar bear bear
your Vera over here that's right
all right guys you're in this yacht
beautiful beautiful yacht Egypt we're
spending our last dinner here it's been
an amazing amazing journey in this movie
he try to kind of fill the whole the
whole crew you guys are thirsty so
amazing this is the first floor cialis
the key
smaller didn't
okay cluster anywhere vocalizes ultimate
loaded up there here come on Claude
Uncle Roger
mercury myself with us we have a monkey
the UK our material I am opening the
best actor he claims the best actor but
not focus on before debut Mohamed Salah
in a little cool down clicking a vulture
Ramnath to do thought yeah for me
writing like that beautiful you happy
the homes are opposite that so much to
work really hard jealous
mom a Marvel oh good
here we got everybody when the home is
right here we go shaggy sides without
man with good do get Chilean quite
rustic so going to know again cause it
keeps all judgment against all the way
mentally I'm going that I placed a
robust thank you thank you thank you
ladies you guys are some cool father
look at that flag oh hey
Oh
oh please I jumped off this one pops are
you thinking about
so you're saying you
yeah Egypt is our last moment and the
one and only the one the only knives
easy we gotta end up lying here cuz it's
been a crazy crazy journey man we want
to say any last words they need anything
huh
I want to miss the guys more than I'm
going to miss you I know man I know it's
going to create even the crazy ten days
buzz going to me good good fun
we can be back so definitely don't
understand come back to perhaps we'll
see after oh definitely row I don't know
what else Ava I'm a another journey with
the homie das that Egypt crazy memories
every place we go to we just make
memories man God UK wherever we go we
just make memories especially with you
guys tooth oh yeah I don't know it's
another in memory India to another live
with another married man to India India
okay wait you go ruin let you roam it
looks good nice okay do me I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog today make sure
you give a thumbs up and go Tigers thank
you guys so much for everything I
appreciate it you guys are amazing come
see you guys tomorrow
back in NYC goal going home and now
they're going to be ok with and in India
and a company love you either way now
little buddy I can call my brain I've
seen my new tank that I'm on my way
Oh
