dumi yang just a pyramid I'm gonna climb
wish me luck
the security got right there I think I'm
still going to do it
so keep drinking water whether you feel
thirsty or not graduation could happen
as the after work going to give you some
free time it to me Jenny guess what we
just got to the pyramid because it oh my
god Marcel oh wow wow wow wow
oh I'm to like you know what's up okay
everyone's like what the hell they're
saying while some people are just like I
see this every single day like hostage
Empire State Building but this is
beautiful Oh
mg that this is the most beautiful like
thing I've ever seen in my life
kazumi yang just the pyramid I'm going
to climb wish me luck
I'm by after I need to climb the pyramid
pray let me climb the pyramid I give you
the bag man yeah yeah poor lady yeah no
I'm good it looks like a drawer I'm good
I'm good let's go go
hi guys like the pyramid is this side
linked on the side even more beautiful
Wow both sides are beautiful hi guys
they told me that I'm wearing a woman
hat and they made me take off the little
Bowl that I had on but it's all good in
the hood
everyone here is trying to tell they're
like merch and stuff like that literally
insane when I'm walking they're like
throwing the stuff in on my hand on my
shoulders I'm like bro I don't want to
buy it like I want to go and climb the
period pyramid and there's a lot of
ancient history with like pyramid so
it's not just like all pyramid all is
cool that's it my touch it Wow here does
it bite nope wow that's the Phoenix
white one I love camels
while I'm talking to Kim right now I
want to play camel turns leave it all to
the comfort of America
yeah cope America New York careful how
you like a meal Yemen yeah yes everyone
thinks I'm with dips in here now you
know you know how kind you got to climb
on be right
hello you put your neck on that what you
gotta call me well this is what's inside
pyramids Wow wrong too scary going not
my luck in there huh a lot my nothing
stick Sheila's blue key right oh my god
guys Jesus so much bigger than what it
looks I thought was like the size of my
hand this is like it's so big like size
of a car man
look how deep that
Oh
oh I think you'll go oh my god oh my god
isn't this little security lookin to
give you all your Security's looking at
me but I'm still not going down okay
it's still so good
tell her to climb up Oh Wyn clave it
everywhere open oh me oh me all the
security of the grammar sulla sort of I
gotta think about the real quick I'm
gonna have to go down
oh my god
hi guys okay I'll come sorry check that
off my bucket list
okay okay I'm going down all those are
the good others okay I'm going down okay
okay okay cool brother I'm going down oh
so they're going to stop at Adam for
climbing the pyramid we got a good guy
leave it up to this person I didn't in
top you - I can't brother no you see
promise okay I'm gonna do this I don't
want it I'm gonna give you this
yes you go give to people thank you have
to give to cleavage nice many healthy
the people Thank You Man appreciate you
know mr. Adam I want to see a machine
shoes inside the distiller nice thank
you brother help with the people that
helped us with automatic you will be
receiving heavy stuff you're a nice man
I miss nice man
wow man you you know what you guys thank
you happy we should clean here no no
keep it to money no no I don't want
money baby I want to give it to you I
want to give it to her because you the
man that's a motherfucking Mexican
Americans they are my monkey never shall
we have to give them the comment a
isolation guys make him happy balcony
confesses not to you coming to me you
can what you can open the plastic I'm
going over like I need to take him there
for what second I will finish the most
Hardy doing so much woody like a lot I
gave him like let's give one of them
like 400 another like 300 upon your head
again brother
ok ok thank you leave me up to this
pocket yes Roger
yes tango Joe
but in our day
killing all night year in a hard way
obviously you'll cry yeah that's what
they all say
I'm about to go missus taking out a gig
I got the time in a serious all right
guys the climbing the pyramid I try my
best for you guys it's kind of a fail
but I still did some of this so comes
over do me gangs you I still did enjoy
our travel best for you guys I want to
see how many of you guys are getting to
give this video a thumbs up for me
trying because I always try my best for
you guys and I never try to let you guys
down
hi guys I want to give you chatter four
knobs for like making me escape some of
the people he told me in Bangladesh is
even worse I understand the hustle
but this guy he's so easy to just like
I'll be like Adam come on Montrose feel
bad I feel because that's a jar like I
live in New York alone it's gonna get to
a point where you can't feel bad anymore
yeah but I do Manny trying to be nice I
saw get to a point where you just I'll
be like you know what that's it that's
it less yeah I did my happen when I'm
like a mess Raheem boot but then I happy
on my crappy was just keeping out money
and he came out with a would like this
what you got left the kind of gun is
what I'm saying right okay so now like
we're going to be we're going to be
Kanye and Kim which is going to walk
straight not look at anyone just do me
going if you guys are ever in Egypt in
the pyramids make sure you guys have
water drink water even if you guys are
not thirsty it is hot it's hot out here
next time I come to Egypt I'm climbing
the top of this head no matter where we
at right now are we in Egypt on a camel
I want to touch my mother there we far
the king of Egypt is back they came ye
to the back like that oh my god
give Omaha legit yep
oh we want as much at such a little guy
this is seriously so fun it's so amazing
oh my god my leg is on NAS is not movie
came out the way not lettuce you hurt
you
we love you man
I've divided to the camera so
photographer I gotta go he told me he
likes Ronaldo I told him I liked me more
we're gonna have a battle against each
other you ready who's better name our
name Morvan tell you it do me gang I
just got back to the hotel I'm losing my
voice it was a crazy amazing day I think
this is by far the best best day echip
to just get better and better
tomorrow is the do mietek fans love and
city start small so be prepared to see
what's up easy I honestly was something
Egypt so we won't see how it goes cause
it's doing the gang is about to take
over Cairo Egypt thank you guys so much
for today I hope you guys enjoy like we
did make sure you give it a thumbs up I
did my best for you guys I kind of did
get in trouble to carry a little bit but
I kinda you know brought my way out so
thank you guys so much I tried my best a
trauma bezel insane crazy you know like
something that I got off my bucket list
so I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow
take care bitch I like be still watching
this subscribe and thumbs up get got
myself in this position always got an
attitude never show my gratitude always
wanna top bushing another one who
listens oh hey I'm gonna do
our way to the school teams and hit the
highway now little buddy I can call
