guys look at this dog hi doggie hi you
okay okay
Allah Allah
you can have that'll be on my way
hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you all have an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so found how they
get amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day it is day 5 day 6 I
do not know what day because I keep
forgetting what day we are in Cairo
filming the movie here it is going
amazing the producers and the directors
they don't let us know what we're doing
because they want to keep it as a
surprise so today I do not know what
didn't happen we're going to have to
wait and see you keep the surprise to
you guys do me a somebo take you guys
with me and i'ma see you guys in the
next shop guys like this beautiful pool
and this beautiful view in our hotel it
looks so nice is the Nile River then
down here is just a bunch of cats that I
always see what it cats that hard that
cats are attracted like the letters so
like I'm always going to the cats would
come up and I would run away because I
don't know the cat ages jump on me so I
try to be near that Steph Curry with the
shot boy Bengali curry nas yeah I'm
curious because you curry or cuz your
stuff curry only black puffer bone right
there guys I only drinks like coffee
right now so sugar no milk because I'm
on a strict strict diet
to get even more risk so get ready at
them again and nods on the thing dying
with me but you just like cheat a little
bit and like has like sugar milk or
whatever
all good in the hood New York New York
City way from Egypt huh all right guys
all right guys we just got done filming
for a bit fun man right here is going to
take me for a ride we go with the I will
go north yes oh my god
I want to tell me not to do it can drift
see but I'll see them doing things but
not hello oh my god let's do it
Egypt what's that No
with that what we're gonna come back oh
we're gonna come back to what
huh - one minute or still for security
reasons
what a minute you sure nothing can
happen
hey Divya we would move now 30 seconds
you know illegal knee surgery okay what
what do you do Baban I'm just gonna huh
hi hey how are you doing
what do they do hi the guys to me why
was it is Oh uh-huh
I don't know the line ever sir I'll
treat the trager's like after up nothing
what can happen
come on let me go bed I'm going back I'm
going back no he just stopped me from
going oh you are like five seconds ready
Wow how mad I do it you don't hear you
I'm good I try to go into motorcycling
good you're doing good
yeah he's the king of Jesus or here yeah
you are the king of you it is I love you
too look you are here now in Giza
yes I so be X part of Cairo they're at
fault in Vemma Verve irony being Sharia
X to the public channel click join me I
was trying to go on a motorcycle
ok you go with them I was trying to go
to Gendron let me know is it security I
know you're doing a word to me how they
know we're doing located okay who do
thing along iPod good yeah
they kidnap me the good mother space all
of me everything which is ready kilakila
Connor he was kind of weird though he
wasn't speaking to be at all not even in
Arabic or English so that's what kind of
kind of got its shady and self chef but
all the producers or the camera people
and everyone there really you like word
for me so I don't know why like I was
down I mean sometimes in life you got to
take risks and stuff this dude came back
like they're really worried for me if
something happens because if something
does happen is under their hand by the
way he waited here hey Ingrid she is Oh
the Beast how you doing you have an area
but she's a she's an amazing director an
amazing amazing director so I'm an
amazing
what do you test them I'm a yummy
Catherine I'm just so meaningfully the
toad is just literally everything to me
on the spot and rose oh yeah you go I go
tell all right I could die
it's ignored original car everybody here
she was there anybody like the desert
like an addition have the things growing
again you know we mated to Beijing but
it looked at the gap other ones there's
one big one again when they call it that
but because of I know we're like what is
it did you plant yes you know if that
was become so famous Duchess here is you
know like us de la fere dog here like
the One Direction Egypt one direction
thank you so that I know the services
yeah can I keep a lot yeah I know I see
was a myth alright guys so Ingrid was
asking me a question and I thought was a
really really big question so forth kind
of fuckin dispersity he couldn't be with
her
when I'm over kind of old twisted am I
going to be when I'm old allow that suck
at man such a deep question um I think
I'm going to be the type of old person
to like build in they'll go out
philemon everyone if there's any old and
you can't move here just nicely krimpet
I'm going to be that storytelling the
exaggerating guy that exaggerating old
bacon guy and can I'm going to sit in
chair if you like back in my date I see
no ice to climb from Mountain to
mountain to go to school also exaggerate
the stories I'll be that funny grandpa
something I'll give that funny grip I
think so I don't know what are you going
to think about the instability feel like
man I wish I was back your age I wish I
was a kid again because every year I got
older it like I always like always like
wild like you can never get back age
back heavy so you can around 24 knobs
like wow I can never be 18 again I could
never be 19 I guess you think there'd be
a happy old man
now you have definitely happy with my
happy place come out for wife I'm joking
cuz of us I'm just a happy happy guy so
you're going to be happy okay
I'm be a happy old guy really have yoga
always have gentle you love that a
hydrophone I always bring a lot of
Johnny you should you do thank you about
you look at oh yeah no person yoona me
I'm done okay I will be again okay Alice
have steps of that sausage come on guys
look we've seen our first ramen right
there what a - too far away
this is beautiful look at this is like a
random mountain Tommy can okay look at
his dog hi doggie hi you okay okay Allah
Allah Hawk but alone leave I am out man
alone whoa what's up with that dog man
did he see a road if you have the hog
guys look how beautiful this is they
have a hammock hey my talk now can you
sit on there now huh come on going I'm
gonna lay inside it like an inside
straight shut up fool hey why you took
me over for what I said until you over
okay okay I need you to take an
Instagram pic different there's what I
got to deal with
well mean em we got to take Instagram
pictures for each other
Oh swing by oh I mean come on come on
bro I don't what yes we should spin them
around around like this no no no we
shouldn't do anything
haha - OH
fun about this but it is really hey
anything of the farm
Oh what are these this is like a written
or like in a doer Bengali or all right
place is so beautiful what's it called
again
that's the place next week that we are
in the shore - shoes not sure I should
not sure I'm sure you guys heard and the
king of Egypt told you guys that should
and again you're yet
oh yeah yeah it is a small small
scuffing okay just like well this is
like Patrick house having smart
spongebob Ahmed
yes you watch spongebob spongebob
spongebob the cartoon yeah you know
Patrick yeah you know in house the rock
this is it right guys look what's here
what the heck I wonder what's up there
should I go up
oh well this is literally Yemen - point
over I'm sorry I never did like this for
the brigde sold out like I used to build
something here like let's take take like
bricks and put like little like kind of
claims make it man that's the wall right
there
hello Wow Wow oh this is um a little
farm in Yemen I think it's like they
call it Chi pod or something like that I
don't know right there Bob if you're
watching this mom if you're watching
this llama like yeah that's casada thing
straight
I think so I'm pretty sure it goes more
year Patrick's house right there such a
beautiful beautiful place man this is so
beautiful hopefully one day and chili
can take you guys to Yemen my home
country one like all the issues and
stuff is like garnish all I'm really sad
that like I really really want to like
go there and take you guys there but
it's also amazing and beautiful look at
this this just survived you know we're
in bikini bottom right now like this is
patch guys tell me to st. Patrick he'll
tell me to save Patrick no I'm looking
for Patrick where you at cut a Oh
Patrick I got me Anna Katie just like
robots musically
this is what I love about the Middle
East only a Middle East place Middle
Eastern places where you can like go on
top of roofs and like don't get in
trouble this is why I love the Middle
East you can pretty much do anything
just chill man like a beautiful
beautiful country beautiful city
beautiful vibe look at this look at that
just look at this this is Egypt man I'm
in the roof I can fall down who's in
there hello I think I heard someone kind
that dog that scared me down there he's
barking he knows I'm here a problem
somehow I spandex even or Jordan Jordan
basketball basketball kind of like an
Under Armor gear so don't you guys
always make fun of me like oh my god
those are women's spandex but it's not
okay it's not all right guys I'm gonna
do this for you guys but you guys are
gonna have to thumbs up the video okay
because I'm gonna do this and it's
really dangerous hi hi hey she's Mike
huh looks like hamid hamid Ali Ibrahim
Adham Yasser Yousuf Yousuf Yousuf I got
a ready I guess I got is the same right
well I got the kids damn right I just
kept guessing it I got his name right
yeah oh oh my god what okay oh I did it
I did hi
thumbs up thumbs up for that got a
thumbs up that had to take off the side
I'm seeing we get this a tree comes out
here Wow
I got a hot - here - here look go there
Adobe gang I am back home well in the
hotel I'm going to end up like here as I
say thank you guys so much for a little
support today was an amazing amazing day
but they told me that that guy in the
motorcycle while we were filming the
movie he was like I'm gonna give up
staring at me that's why they stopped it
and stuff like that and they thought he
was gonna like kidnapped me but I don't
know I could have defended myself but
it's all good enough I feel like this
live was the best Cairo blog but I
couldn't go to the pyramids because
those pyramids were kind of far away but
I am going to the periods and I believe
Saturday so I really hope you guys all
ready for that I'm going to climb the
period it's about to get crazy I really
hope you guys enjoy life you did make
sure give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
take care and I'm gonna see you guys
tomorrow
hey I love you I like a level okay but
in all day killing more not here in the
hallway simply just cry get of what they
all say
