you can have the head of the Omar hey
guys what's up ado me yang I hope you
are having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day look at this amazing amazing
view that has like it says this is Egypt
baby must lick their satellites over
there so many satellites they look like
UFOs also I have a question to all my
Egyptian to do means how is Egypt called
mocked in Arabic but then in English is
called
Egypt like it's nowhere near like Yemen
is called Yemen and Arabic and Yemen in
English America is called American
English and America in Arabic but Egypt
is easier than English but must it
starts with an N I don't know I'm
confused guys let me know because I'm
really really curious so all my Egyptian
and UMI's let me know in the comments
below anyway I am heading to go get
breakfast so I will see you guys in the
next shot managers pullback yeah do me I
don't want to go get breakfast because
there's a huge huge bumblebee right in
front of me I shouldn't never walk to
the balcony
I'm so so scared oh yeah see need to
leave
oh my god
hi guys we just got done with eating
breakfast I'm with the homie nas not
stay with us he has the Barcelona I
noodle into Benghazi messy man look at
this one the video right now the
Egyptian Museum and this is crazy
I think you know and even learn the
history about to get it for a lick like
that seek me look at that foot so big
man you know what they say about big
feet now they screw you Wi-Fi bone I
need email
I'm on my hands out out the India guys
we want a new dummy and moobot okay I do
that nice official people cool at all
whatever they hold with it looks like
come on unknown we guys right now about
to get a tour guide they're going to
film everything for the movie for right
now I honestly thought everything is so
miserable here and like Egypt everything
is so ancient
which is insane like that
to hold him
Korea Korea Korea
things up
these are like foot like whenever anyone
died put them inside my coffins wrap
them up opening here this is basically
like their casket which is pretty cool
for like Kate I wonder if the face looks
like them or just a normal face really
curious when this all happened
I'm going to get more educated on this
hi guys so me and us could have filmed
earlier because we went inside the mummy
place we saw his dead body from 3,000
years old which was oh my god I was much
throwables like so I don't I don't I was
just explaining we've seen the dead body
from 3,000 years ago this is insane I've
never seen something like that in my
life these are the actors they had while
these are thousand years old three
thousand two thousand years old mom
guys look these would like the flippers
and shoes back then these are like wow
these are the Eevee's packs and these
there were people the mothers used to
hit the child with these are three
thousand years old man it's so crazy how
historic Egypt is like really living in
in the top everything just really really
always in frost like life starts when
we're born but to know like there was
life in human beings back to 3,000 years
ago very interesting if you see the body
I can't get out of my head I should have
never I should never win it it was
really really scared yeah look at that
so dope these are all the rocks I
collect rocks to our home and so and
like I know not shell c shell on the
beach and my ones are like six years old
these ones or just ain't shit and it's
still look good these are the caskets
and they're in all of these
it's like what is this not the book wow
these are for the baby one before the
kid is so sad
what now I can't Bowl this is these are
cane
guys admit all right now Miami homie and
he said his kids are really really big
sales we love him and I clearly like
rowdy guys on my I sure the rather diary
is like everything so what's the name my
name is your hundreds Irish first moment
yeah Parmesan I shot one I meant no I I
think you is it with you I said I
thought my doing
you okay I guys we just left museum and
this is like the paper you can buy stuff
and this right here you can buy this
this is like a fake but some real goals
is big goal and you can buy and it cost
one hundred and eighty six thousand
Egyptian pounds that's insane that's so
expensive and real ones the real bold
ones are worth like half a billion
that's right here
imagine binders and bringing it home Wow
beautiful mushroom can open it hi guys
we are on a boat right now we're on the
same boat that I posted on my Instagram
this guy named Thomas basically this is
his story he's 70 years old he has six
kids he lives 10 hours away from Cairo
so every month he comes to Cairo for a
month to work on a boat and he only
makes like 30 pounds 30 different pounds
so he's over 30 to 70 Egyptian pounds
which is like 5 bucks a day so I asked
him like where do you sleep when he
stayed here month he told me that he
sleeps in the boat which is really
really sad then I ended up tipping him
and then he told me let's take a picture
for memory so we took a picture of
marriage and I decided to post it on my
Instagram just so anyone else who's from
Peters can also tip him and you know
give him some cash
conceded the kids because it reminded me
of my dad my dad has six kids that are
kind of reminding him and by the way
sorry for the all the noise Egypt's and
just really really loud and I was
telling you that India is even louder
it's that loud mouth oh this is nothing
it's loud and easy look it's always
something so I'm sorry for any
background music in Egypt it's the only
way I kind of like Arabs are just loud
as heck so I want to see if I can meet
Ahmed did a few and show you guys in the
buff nothing that's him
commit to the zombie Ahmed what like
this Hamid you remember me
okay very Harvey I don't know again a
believer money
kaliesha Tara Harvey couch Callisto
Isaac Kahlua
check into Alec have you dammit levy we
also laugh a national ethnic when I can
tackle you once again tap and clubbing
cher had the most and by evening Jenny
mashallah beginner whenever you got p.m.
here in Egypt makes you got 701 NY hip
oh wow mmm but if you haven't yes I am
and he remembers we must be like what
good have you have you my god we just
got back to the hotel I'm gonna be
wrapping up the slides before out of the
vlogs
I'm going to show you guys what I got I
got this dope dope outfit I'm going to
wear it tomorrow
it is a newspaper outfit I know it's
weird
and I'm probably the only one in the
world to like get this outfit and it's
look at it look I saw this the pants of
it it's literally a newspaper what pants
I'm sorry I know my fashion is weird but
I don't know there's something about me
that really loves I'm not just something
that I really I really love that comma I
and it's also I have also this shirt
right here in its newspaper literally
articles on this shirt so I'm gonna wear
it tomorrow and you know how Egyptians
they love reading newspapers so they're
not going to come up and start reading
my shirt like what the heck is that but
yeah anyways I had an amazing amazing
day
I cannot block much during like the
whole movie like this movie that's I
don't really want to say much like when
it's going to be about Slyke a big movie
might be on I don't really want to say
anything but inshallah but it might
actually be on Netflix and really really
big so that's why I cannot really show
much and vlog much at the time because
I'm always there's always cameras on me
my mic is always on me but I did vlog
and shout out to NASA for helping me out
and I was shout out to you say what's up
look here not oh hey what's up what the
heck are you doing
but um yeah I got I got enough footage
for you guys so hope I want to give you
guys the Cairo you know the Carroll
vlogs every single day so I did give you
guys one today and tomorrow I'm gonna
give you guys another one another one so
thank you guys so much for showing so
much love and dedication to support it
truly means the world thank you guys so
much for subscribing thumbs it up and
Eric Tang I appreciate you guys so so
much yeah if you haven't just like make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey tomorrow we might actually see
pyramids but not like to read the big
famous waving terms just like the normal
pyramids which is still kind of like big
to me so I might climb those pyramids
instead of like the big famous ones
because if they I've been told if I
climb the famous ones I'm going to get
arrested even though the regular ones
are still huge so I might just climb
those and I just got a text from wifey
right there so I'm doing okay well uh
yeah mm see you guys tomorrow take care
and peace Ali hey what in all day
killing all night here in the hallway
she said yeah we just cry yeah that's
what they all say I'm about to go
