hey guys what's up your do me Hank I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day Adobe gay I
just woke up from a nap if you guys do
not know I am in London if you guys do
not know the big big announcement the
atom meets pussy tour so let me give you
guys a little brief about it to everyone
out there who's coming through because
it's gonna be crazy new beginning so
this tour was supposed to be just me
then after that if you guys do not know
fouseytube he got signed to infinity and
then after that we were in talks and we
thought if you know two Arabs come
together do a tour it'll be better
together and we came up with the atom
meets pussy tour like you know like Boy
Meets World or Girl Meets World we came
up with the atom meets pussy tour we're
giving you guys two shows in one a do me
yank seriously think this is probably
gonna be the craziest tour ever and the
tickets come out March 10 6 p.m. UK time
so make sure you guys get your tickets
because the seats are limited trust me
do me I'm telling you guys this to save
you guys disappointments and make sure
you guys get your tickets it's not so
the summertime so mean Yusuf's we're
gonna come up with some dope dope stuff
I'm performing my chapter 2 he's
performing his inspirational amazing
talk that he has is gonna connect with
you guys i mattr know but you guys are
both gonna turn up with you guys we have
some amazing amazing surprises for you
guys I cannot cannot wait I can't
believe this freaking nighttime right
now I took a three-hour nap now look at
my view man it's just yeah it just is
just nothing but it's all me again do
not forget to subscribe because I upload
every single day right now I'm heading
to an interview with BBC a late night
interview and I'm also gonna see the
homies Harris Jay and the homie Sadie
and the homie nas you guys see nas every
single that you know I'm saying I've
seen as more than I freaking to see my
family oh yeah somebody gonna meet up
with all miss Harridge a baby that's
easy
i'ma see you guys in the next shop guys
what's up with all me baby crazy
agent Network live in BBC 1xtra mommy we
just finished an interview in with the
dope that I was into it was a
I said W in the interview someone didn't
know what W is it's a win but you know
what it is come on and one of the
interview can be I mean link or anything
Asian now when I was like when I have a
BC website it'll be on the BBC website I
like you guys down below you guys we'll
see you soon
all right guys I'm here with Hardy and
she's the one who didn't know what is no
shame shame floor he was a win no no no
this is Bellevue know what W I win right
what about you
Harris what is it no guys we got the one
and only Harry what's up gene how are
you both how's everything good
you suddenly teach me I mean you I know
you're American have recently teach me
some more UK sign everyone keeps asking
me for college and you just I didn't
know it statement stuff yeah and they're
waiting to people asking me never knows
what you're saying oh my god I told so
much stuff yeah why keep seeing it
Harris keep saying yeah but everything
is yo what are you doing what happen you
see something for five minutes and you
guys are out here yeah doing clothes
baby it's not what you think it's
exactly what I know it's not you think
seriously it's exactly what I was tellin
ya we're done with the interview I'm
Saturday BBC makes you guys come to
Birmingham need failure perform for the
first time what is it is bombing them
yeah that's what I said no bombing it
moving yeah that's Birmingham
H and there's an agent
you know do me gang I am back from the
interviews and hanging out it is still
late night I have to wake up once again
six in the morning for another interview
a breakfast interview and then I'm
heading to Birmingham because I'm
performing tomorrow do me XO make sure
you guys come through actually the
tickets are sold out but if you guys
want to come through just come through
and turn up and I'll see you guys either
before after the show you guys already
know I come out you guys I'll tell you
guys what up but right now I'm sorry to
switch everything on you guys but I want
to talk about something really really
serious and really really scary so I was
on Twitter and I seen a tweet well
actually keemstar he tweeted something
saying dear FBI and this is the tweet
right here and in the tweet that he
tweeted was a screenshot of someone
saying that they're gonna swap me I'm
Kim Starr's
enemy and they want to swap me just to
get on Kim stars show so if you guys do
not know keemstar he pretty much says
the news all over you know YouTube and
stuff like that he's like the Fox 5 News
cuz sometimes he'll be biased sometimes
will take people's sides you know it's
like Fox 5 News you know I'm saying it's
like Trump News pretty much and even
though he did defend me I respect that
so much he did say dear FBI he kind of
reported the kid who's trying to swamy
which is a dope thing I respect that
from you keemstar thank you for tagging
the FBI for them to you know to see what
this kid tweeted I appreciate it so much
I mean I don't see I don't see you as my
enemy or nothing like that I don't know
what that kid was saying but yes I don't
like you I'm gonna admit it I don't I
don't really like you I don't f with you
or nothing like that but still you gave
that sweet and and I still respect that
like no matter how much I don't like
someone I wouldn't go all out you know
to try to swat them or to try to you
know get them hurt or nothing like that
unless it's a boxing match so KS I am go
but keep star yes I don't like you but I
wouldn't really like try to do anything
bad to harm you like what you've done to
me but this is much more more serious so
someone tweeted saying that they want to
swap me so first of all let me tell you
guys what swatting is because I feel
like I don't know if it's big in Europe
or UK I'm in the UK right now and every
time I tell people about swatting they
don't really know what's fining is but
swatting is kind of a big thing in
America I don't really know like a big
definition matter of fact editor but the
definition of swatting right here and
I'm gonna give you as my definition my
definition of swatting is someone
calling the police and telling them that
you know someone has a gun they're
trying to kill someone they're in that
house and in America when you call the
cops and say that the SWAT team is gonna
come to your house and pretty much run
in your house
go inside with gun tell everyone in the
house
so you know go on the floor and just
pretty much SWAT them so this dude is
literally trying to swap me and the
funny thing is he tweeted it which he's
really dumb so now if I do gets water
everyone knows who it is and you're
gonna get arrested
I spoke to everyone about I spoke to my
lawyers I spoke to Naz I spoke to
foodtube I spoke to Harrah's Jay I
smoked a fatty and everyone told me to
report it report it to the police and
now it is being reported to the police I
feel like this is something that's
really serious and it's not a joke man
like no matter how much you hate someone
like yes you probably hate me that's why
you tweeted that but like damn really
like do you hate me that much that you
want to bring a freaking SWAT team on me
did you not forget that I have kids in
my house I have my mother a mouse I have
my father Mouse and like the SWAT team
coming into my house that will affect my
whole family like dude do not care like
if you hate me don't get my family
involved in this who live in my house
and I know some of you guys are gonna be
like why Adam why would you bring some
attention on this you're gonna just give
him more attention but I wasn't really
gonna give it attention because I did
see the tweet but then keemstar tweeted
it and then it just it just went
everywhere and everyone was tweeting me
about it and now I'm not gonna lie my
family is afraid like they're they're
scared if someone actually swats them
because people do show up Mouse and I do
feel like it is disrespectful to show up
at my house especially when some people
show up at midnight order food to Mouse
I never really mentioned it but people
order deliveries to my house as a joke
and it hurts the delivery man because no
one paid the frickin delivery man and
also hurts us and it scares us because
this is not something that anyone should
joke around no matter how much you hate
someone man like I'm just from a Muslim
perspective that's just evil man that's
that's evil like I don't I don't know no
matter how much I don't hate anyone I
mean I dislike people but I wouldn't go
all out to do that so do me gang I am
getting this reported I will be calling
the police I will be letting him know
that um someone is trying to swat me
because I got to make sure my family's
safe my dad is safe the whole kids and
the house are safe because the last
thing I want is me getting swatted like
I have so much stuff that I gotta care
about you know like my dad I got to take
care of him my family I got to take care
of them I got to do tours that so much
stuff I got to take care of and like
seeing someone trying to Swami like
legit trying to Swami it puts me down
man like yeah you got me high that's it
you put me down you got my family afraid
you got me swatter so just to know that
if you do try to swap my house we will
know who you are because the cops now
will now be alert my lawyer will be
alert and my whole family will be alert
so this is a message some ice water I
just want to say yeah like you you got
me that's it you're you're like I don't
know if I should call you a hater or
like holy or just someone who wants to
be
keemstar is show you got me afraid
that's it you got me but please please
don't don't do I need the swatting like
I don't even want you to get in trouble
like I'm afraid for you even when we got
robbed a few weeks ago I gave the person
who robbed us a chance to like you know
just to confess give this stuff and they
won't be arrested but now in like a
couple days or in a couple weeks the
Airbnb issue will be solved and they
will get arrested and I will keep you
guys updated with that but I just feel
bad man like I know they're trying to do
something bad to me and so I mean but I
feel really bad like I don't want them
getting in trouble just by doing
something stupid like that like I'm
trying to save people from doing dumb
actions so I'm here telling you man to
man not you know like as a kid or
immature child say oh you can do
whatever you want I'm here to tell you
man to man don't do that man that's
that's just petty have some respect have
some manners and just think about it
this way what would your parents think
if if you're trying to swat someone else
you know innocent kids and it's a
elderly people what would they think man
they wouldn't be proud of you so if I
was you I would probably upon me I'm not
asking like for an apology but I'll
probably apologize because the police
and lawyers and everyone are literally
looking into you right now they're
looking into everything right now and
they're gonna stay alert so I'm yeah I
just wanted you to know and I'm letting
you know I'm doing you a favor I'm
letting you know and I'm doing you a
favor other than that that's like I've
been having a stressful day especially
once I seen that so do me a I'm gonna
end the vlog here I'm so sorry that I
got a short vlog for you guys I took a
nap and I woke up and I got here and
there's like five hours ahead but it's
all good in the hood so do me if you
guys are still ok with that even if the
vlog is short thumbs up man let me see
how many of you guys thumbs up let's try
and get 30,000 thumbs up 30,000 thumbs
up thumbs up a doobie gang I'm waiting
for you come on I haven't missed today
since 2016 which is pretty crazy last
time I missed it on YouTube wasn't 2016
let me know what youtube we did that man
but yes I'm gonna wrap up the vlog here
I love you guys thank you so much
Birmingham and see you guys make sure
eyes get your tickets March 10th March
11th Instagram famous is out I'll see
you guys tomorrow take care and peace
