what so this is crazy
look at that oh my god Oh Rhoda
screaming you can have the he'll be on
my hey guys what's up Adobe gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so far having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day
guess what do me gang we are in Cairo
Egypt
we finally love the city that we're at
how God that we got here to Cairo so
don't forget me great domain sale of
July 9 spot p.m. City Star this is day 3
or day 4 of the movie we're going to be
filming right now going outside to the
streets of Cairo i'ma show you guys just
a little bit of Cairo today because I
cannot feel much while they are filming
the movie but the movie is going amazing
literally amazing I cannot wait till
it's out she'll lie everything goes
great and I'm gonna take you guys with
me i'ma see you guys in the next shot
how many do you play every time is it
beep every 5 seconds man VPSs guys right
now we are about to go on a thing called
Tom Cruise
it's a horse and a carriage or film and
move right now the traffic here is
insane literally inside like as though
there's a beep like every 10 seconds I'm
language oh gosh ten nine there's going
to be be faith
oh here that has a beat well look at
this horse you divorcing me hi or see
how you do in order to be a good lunch
but right now I'm sure you guys but now
we're this is crazy I'm ever getting
like educated about the nonverbal when I
was down here in school and now I'm at
the Nile River this is it still the
ancient system now everybody's beautiful
wow it's so big like this plays in I'm
so hungry it's so high yeah like a
hundred degrees over a hundred degrees
I'm getting a Tanner rating I'm also
losing a lot of weight like I'm not
trying to lose weight I'm trying to gain
some time you know here's the power
stuff it's the weather here it's so hot
that I'm actually losing weight guys
like the now goes on and on
and now they're trying to get instagram
pictures for days every single time and
wearing here's a fool and I'm a burn
enough handsome devil
alright guys let me know in the comments
below I brought my Liverpool Jersey let
me know for me to burn it in to find a
phenom I'll do it you guys coming
because one time you burn one of my
Jersey so maybe this time I need it burn
one of his jersey I mean I don't know
much about soccer football but he loves
Liverpool I'm thinking my burden I
purposely brought it here to Egypt to
fucking mess with him as he pushes do it
or not so you guys let me know in the
comments below guys we got some what up
and I'm right here let's China oh hey
it's like a leap with rice inside go try
it hmm that was so good I was bangin
right
hi guys now Mia nods were in the area I
think Old Cairo it has been a crazy
crazy night we're taking a little break
I cannot show you guys like behind the
scenes or anything of this movie for
what to go buy some snacks I don't know
what to get this reminds me of Yemen a
lot of Yemen has called the bacala now
state bacala
oh that's like a store we call back
island Yemen I don't know I've some
reason he just is reminding me a lot
about Yemen like it looks like the old
Cairo it looks like a lot like Yemen
when I was in Yemen like maybe like 10
15 years ago I was there for a little
bit it looks a lot like this I don't
know how to bring must look like this or
similar similar when you similar
you know why this is like Yemen because
Yemen got like sand in the side of yeah
there's a lot of beeps everywhere like
almost no no don't light there's no like
there's more noise pollution man let me
kind of quiet probably these look at
this motorcycle who thinks I should take
Adams bring this matter nose up if you
want me to take Adam to Bangladesh hang
on a bonus unless I'm go with you okay
look at explain this situation I go now
May bums up if you want to see something
this hey okay do me gang I am back and I
want to tell you guys right now that I'm
about to go visit my uncle my mama's
brothers on one side I haven't seen him
for around 10 to 12 years the last time
I seen him is when I was in Yemen and
the last time I seen my first cousin
which is his son was when he was a
little kid like 4 to 5 years old and now
he's around 18 to 19 years old which is
crazy imagine seeing your first cousin
when he was 4 to 5 and you haven't seen
any now he's an adult
it's insane it's so so crazy they moved
from Yemen to Cairo because of all the
issues that's going on Yemen right now
they be living in Cairo for around 2
years now so I'm going to go visit them
tell them what's up I'm going to see how
it goes and then i'ma head back here
guys what's up yeah oh my first cousin
yeah yeah and the homie behind this
thing what's up what's up how's it going
the last time I seen you
how long maybe like in 19 years and
years ago more me like over ten years
ago versus over ten years laughing ah
Cena he was a baby like literally like
five six years old he wasn't like he was
I think he was just born which is
literally insane
removal Yemen to Egypt now Carroll those
nights you know always help to have a
costume and I see you guys do amazing to
do gosh I'm dumping you see you guys so
right freezes
here's where the taxi with my taxis
where did he go
he left me driving it all of us driving
is crazy right
what is this awesome any and if you can
also get praise on it what the hell is
the whole thing this is great uncle I do
it I'm tuturro now I'm stuck in here
getting it over because my cousin's
telling me it's better to get it over
instead of a taxi fell whoa
well all I hear is like CP drivers here
a wild man
what so this is crazy
look at that oh my god oh oh this is
great just thinks it knows about it
that's how my driver he's right there
I'm sorry I fell in 30 minutes I came
out for like two hours nothing my
brother do be getting I am back I did a
vlog much dead because I'm just spending
time with my family but it was so so
amazing so I hope you guys enjoy that I
hope you guys always remember that
family always comes first no gotta
always show love to sounds no matter
what goes on in life no matter how
successful you get you always gotta show
love to your family and be humble sit
down get be humble stand up here be
humble sit down but seriously right now
I'll talk to you guys about something
very very important okay enjoy me and so
I'm here to talk to you guys about
something really really serious and it's
called me hello son
time to give it over at another the most
/ get that management that's a negative
drown I'm good I'm good and about the
composition of GPM how do I get down
there I'm just given everything I want
to see your face you're going to see my
face sooner problems and I don't want to
do that are you Michigan
it could be a lot cooler shit around the
possible high ability rather traditional
Halloween thank you oh I'm you see
anything come and we see oh I miss you
more
I'm missing my Bubba we understand this
Lamar song I love it I said I love you
miss sorry about that
guys my dad mom they call me like every
day I have to always catch up with them
so I'm it's all right mama mama and a
daddy's boy yeah I love my family but as
I was saying this is going to be not
edited everything no cuts right now I'm
going to tell you guys everything about
what happened so a couple months ago I
believe in December when I was in
Australia there was this girl she was 10
years old her name was Lola and she had
cancer and she had around a couple
months to live and her father contacted
ally Bennett Alabama is also an amazing
the main man who suffers from cancer and
he ended up giving away he had a story
on YouTube where he gave away all his
stuff his Ferrari his cars his clothing
and stuff because he has also a couple
months to live and I was with him so a
guy contacted Ally Bennett and told him
that his daughter is a really really big
fan and her name is Layla and they she
wanted to meet me so I'm gonna kind of
connected us to see each other to hang
out and chill and I decided to go hang
out because she she didn't do me and
then she had cancer had a couple months
to live which is really really sad so
and what I mean by this house I hung out
with the way that we did musically she
loved going musically so I decided to do
musingly and no one
I don't do musically with anyone unless
they're writers I do meet semanas
let me down don't you give up
I will give up
and this girl why does she went a
ride-or-die and told me she was she was
amazing like she loved me so much and it
touched my heart and I love that
straight back and it was so
inspirational just hanging out with her
and just chilling with her all day and
I've seen her dad her dad was like an
amazing amazing that he just loved
seeing her happy knowing that she only
had that much time to let I left back to
New York City and then seven months
later which was a couple days ago how do
you wanna be sexy to me this he said
said I my brother hope you have had a
good Ramadan and even bottom two you and
your family this is a girl you met at my
house her name is Louisa you made it
musically winters she really loves you
and only has a few days to live but you
can make her video and send it to me
just to cheer her up it would be amazing
so if you can go before she goes it
would be amazing and when I was at text
it truly broke my heart because this on
goes our six seven months ago and
knowing that she only had a couple days
to live like probably my heart so I've
sent seven you what you want to give a
huge shout out to the way that the way
that I miss you so much
and I remember when I was in Australia
doing music leaves you together it was
so much fun in a shall I get to meet you
real soon remote say hi to Edith and
then two days after they told me that
she passed away I was literally sold
speechless I didn't know what to do like
it and truly problem are I was sad and
I'm still sad right now and her father's
like struggling and as I told you guys I
only want to help people that I trust I
trust Ali when I uh trust away that
trust her father and I also totally God
I only help out charities that I trust
and one of the charity that I trust is
ma TW Ali gonna cherry did ask you guys
for the bottom our hearts to not help me
but to help me help her family because
always I meant a lot to me and I meant a
lot to her and knowing that she passed
away is truly like got me speechless and
got me
I don't know got me the feeling in like
like wow I'm sore I was with her and now
she's gone crazy how like
it's just I just created ability also
have cancer it has a couple months to
live which I didn't want to think about
but I need you guys to help me out
helping me by helping your family do
that can donate whenever you guys can
everything would go to her family and
reference to the way that her family all
the information is right here and the
link will be down below I want to give
you child
honey buns and his whole organization is
charity for always helping out people it
truly inspired me so to anyone that
donates they're going to help out the
family the way the family if you guys
can just please please please keep her
in your prayers and your dad's it would
truly mean the world so thank you guys
so so much I have to share this with you
guys because I don't know it's just this
is this is like this is like anyone
could just easily be gone in like a
heartbeat and no one's in fact that like
I've never really had anyone close to me
go that way or anyone does my carotid I
do me passed away like that so I really
hope you guys can help out by donating
to ma TW which is going to go to the way
that and her family that is struggling
or so you want to coming on and keep her
and her family in your prayers so thank
you guys so much zooming in
I appreciate you guys so much I promise
to show you guys more of Cairo's don't
worry I give you guys live every single
day I want to make you guys smile every
single day so all I want to do is to
make her family just at least Chavez to
make this mom so I hope you guys
understand see you guys tomorrow
take care of thumbs up and peace buddy
also I'm here surprise August 5th in
Tokyo August 6 in New York City and
August 7th in New Jersey so stay tuned
for that but in all day
guillain-barré not here in the hallway
since we do cry yeah that's what they
all say
