you can have that'll be on my hey guys
what's up a new beginning I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing X or I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day
Doniak today I'm heading to the Red Sea
we have a yacht rented out but I'm kind
of nervous and scared to go inside
the Red Sea and the only reason why I'm
scared because a lot of people have been
telling me all the diversity has a lot
of like I don't know what like big
fishes and there's some sharks be
careful and but I don't know why people
are telling me that no there's something
scary but I think it's I mean I think
it's it's good by the same time I'm kind
of nervous so I'm going to head to the
rescue right now and we're going to see
how it goal is hopefully it goes great
and nothing bad happens you cha know
best to go inside the Red Sea for you
guys own if you guys would try try my
best so let's see how it goes thumbs up
and I'll see you guys in the next shot
all right guys we're inside our yacht
right now we're in diversity in our
yacht it's going amazing we just got
done filming for the movie the people
that came here from America are lovely
lovely here and I'm loving it here it's
so amazing
that's being like a different
perspective here and their minds are
like so changing and staying like this
side of the world
it's beautiful not what the media shows
an amazing amazing feeling to know that
they're you know make it more positive
about the Middle East
look at this view look at this the Red
Sea and the mountains here you have the
couches over here table we are not
looking for Wi-Fi house what are you
doing okay no yumiya water and one loves
my bartender right here man is it ok
Jewish there okay and how are you
give it seven
like that a show that I take my papa
we were either deeply loved easier mati
you know he's the one that said to go to
photos here we are - DME analysis again
we took some big take photos with it now
bro hi guys I will tell you guys I
punked out I did not jump in the water
everyone else jumped in the water I mean
I know how to swim but I think is like I
don't know like just in case something
happens I need a light but I'm not going
to just have no life that in the middle
of the ocean while like during nowhere
like I don't know is this really scary
so I kind of punked out I feel really
really bad because I want to like show
you guys that I'm tough and stuff but
I'll punked out and I'm sorry you're
doing a I'm sorry I got scared man the
guys scared me is just like the judges
here dope with it they over like react
stuff that I get really scared I feel
just screaming and like you scream in an
Arab but I didn't understand what you
were saying and it was just really like
was Egyptian Arabic and I was like nah
man I can't I can't risk my life that I
might run you know I kind of get married
have kids and you know try to see my
kids so I got really really scared
the cameraman right there we have like 5
cameras imagine like going around Egypt
and his children and hanging out and
having 5 cameras in your face 5 cameras
whatever you go eating I'm literally
walking outside in the hotel woken up at
that moment like every single moment
there's a camera in my face I've never
really liked various that I mean it's
cool but at the same time it's like now
I know how like celebrities deals like I
mean we'll fill in the movie but now in
awe celebrities deal when you're filming
them every moment because it's the
moments where like you don't want to
really say anything you don't really
want to speak and want anyone to know
but there's cameras there's you can't
really be yourself because I don't know
maybe you could be yourself with like
24/7 having a camera that's literally
cameras on me 24/7
I'm not really allowed to show much but
if guys are just like right behind me
but there's cameras around me every time
I'm vlogging they're literally recording
be vlogging stuff I mean it's cool
like you know like hail Pat hey Oh
paparazzi man come after us paparazzi
you pop rock pop what's up you feel EJ
what's up Egypt must what up must
you know what's crazy when the ready
right now and I believe Saudi Arabia is
like down there imagine like we just end
up in Saudi Arabia like hey what up man
or Egypt always looking to the riad I
don't know what the close of notion but
I'm not gonna check it out you can't
check out for doing game room jumping
the case so be careful with are you
waited before Rajas dictator what else
on the front there was a lot of big like
big fishes so tell me if you can feel
like Bowen fishes and like snakes of the
sea snakes a little EULA drive second
left leg is over there bow
think about it swim forward swim I mean
easy I should put on the life of hoodie
you got water air put oh follow this
book
stop it blows and put it out how are you
being put it out me silly I'm at the
pass off wrong come on you got a little
bit going at him well there's like 40
minutes I was all right for him you go
run boss you have a rope
there's your fur in the roof go back
pass waters we'll be back
where's where or can't you pee no the
ball moving wrong uh-huh you're moving
you going back you're going back oh my
god I just borrowed yeah huh
hey grandma every times every time
Christmas I'm come on any face it's like
out there you know about that just give
me an thank you oh I know what am i here
numbers Wilders Wow roll I think I drink
like a gallon of the foot yeah do me I
can't believe I jumped in the Red Sea
but I'm still mad I chickened out I
chickened out I couldn't it's so much
salt and this like water I've always
wanted that see but there's a lot of
salt in this red seeking a lot of like
creatures that I've never seen in my
life like it's like bikini bottom down
there like it you see it you're like
whoa like a creep that one gross out
they touched it beat it like some of
them are really big and it feels like
it's a shark so I don't know if you guys
understand where I'm coming from but I
got scared man
I got scared I'm sorry I never really
get scared but if I'd rather be in a
desert right now or a Sikh I think I was
in the middle of nowhere like we're in
the middle of Egypt and like Saudi
Arabia is home I'm done I've tried for
you guys don't want to check it out I
kept thinking in my head I'm like oh man
I was gonna call you punk everyone's
gonna go lay off he's a punk but I did
it at our best so at least I don't know
thumbs up for Ali's I don't know if you
guys getting props at least I was in the
water for a good 30 to 40 minutes but
those could it was occurrences I very
strong current I'm telling ya the
currents could go they could they could
take anyone away event yeah pushing
everyone yeah yeah I couldn't do that I
was like no that's it I'm done guys I
know his bikini bottom over there I knew
it
I've seen Patrick Squidward everyone
down there yeah
moving that is the police right there
some boat police a new me gang it is
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed his life he did make sure you
thumbs up and go Turkey do not forget
Cairo Egypt
July 9th 5tf City stars it's about to
get crazy Vietnam we're going to get a
microphone and a speaker and we're going
to bring out microphone and speaker to
City Star as well a lot of you guys have
been telling me that like I don't know
where is City stars but like I've never
ever been there in my life so it's all
my Egyptian of goomy's if you guys come
to city star's mall on July 9th 5 p.m.
just I'm going to be there you guys will
see me there I'm pretty sure you guys
will somehow the main entrance I don't
know just like I'll be there I'll
promise to take as many pictures as I
can so I cannot wait to you guys in
Cairo Egypt I am so so excited I'm
loving all the days here and either the
service is so amazing a beautiful
beautiful country thank you guys so much
for coming on the journey with me it's
about to get even crazier
I am get a client a period I mean a
pyramid in Egypt we're going in like a
couple days right now I'm going to wrap
up this lie and I'm see you guys
tomorrow get ready for more aegis vlogs
in Cairo take care in base la la I like
my life and I love you too I'm gonna
kidnap this bruises come wide huh calls
from what's wrong some of them what do
you do this one come on song what was
going through your mind it's time oh so
do you write a lot you're ugly but I
have AVO I actually got me oh what's
going to head what's going to end huh
okay okay please something else so many
friends go out workmen coming please
hurry up wow this dude looks like a
freaking Bengali Michael Jordan right
now like I'm in for Adam Scott I would
like that home Leah CDs CDs what new
series with your wedding CDs put your
macula seedless Titus on there about
status status yeah it's better from
there like you know what you did where
you can do for other
and they tell you to email to email I
mean I'm not watching email so to have a
marriage proposing get as Muhammad I'm a
filter out we're actually survive me
know you say missus what mister do you
think that lashing near like proposal no
that's cool so you guys said you're
positive and missile good luck my friend
you guys do this yes guys I'm arrived
I'm so you got smart in all day killing
or not you're in a hard way keep begging
you husbands need your cry get us what
they all say I'm about to go with this
picking out
