license and registration myself you know
I'm huge you drive illegally you drive
illegally you can have the head I'll be
on my way
hey guys what's stopping to me gank I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day out here Cairo
Egypt you should be having an amazing
happy day
guys I have a little surprise for you
guys it hasn't been in the vlogs for a
while been like a month I missed him a
lot
he's such a Dumbo but the homie nadie se
when I was a misters dude so so much fun
it's crazy you always meet up in random
cities random countries and now we've
met up in Cairo Egypt haven in Iraq how
do you can talk here bro what's up of
the UK a lot of crazy stuff that's what
happened in men like us in America we're
scared to go could you get my mom said
we got to go fast our plays about the
tickle I don't know which city we go
soon but it's a city with a beach you
know mom said I won said I'm not allowed
to go to England or London bottle
glimmer man that's crazy on some people
again after the fact what do you wanna
get that's really really sad but we're
heading right now our play
nice odd man is here oh the Vanguard
there's the head this is the finest film
it's going great so far
um tell them how is this and so far it's
awesome it was going great for excited I
know I know having a wonderful time
guys look at this he's looking fresh
like that pose man look at that phone I
just got to Egypt about to go tot bus
but the first thing that happens when I
land here fifteen year old driver this
is insane held you I am fine fact now
about kalmyk come on leak yes I'm a
precious time it comes fast and I must
align our patient who is the holy the
1687 - yeah you do with a license
license and registration myself you know
me
you drive illegally it you drive
illegally my homie you Ramiro what a
welcome Jesus coming who I don't forget
you
yeah I won't forget you I'm not a
fanatic nice okay hi Sonic
only action shisha
hey hi guys it's okay be in the wire
room number because by the time this is
up say we're not going to be here so do
it our own turn on the light I see a
view let's see the view
wow what an amazing amazing view yes we
got a balcony
I like the showroom in Egypt look at
this bench or is it a bench Dorito here
Doritos despot Seto yeah Lana a Dorito
nananana burrito is what this is I love
Middle Eastern bathrooms you know why no
no they'll have the freakin thing where
you want your bun
they don't have Wow don't have it man
how does it to everybody
screw off what happened oh never mind
because I take that back house oh I know
I think I do invention America please
American it's like a huge shadow America
rotating camera please make toilet I say
this every time a toilet like this look
it's clean to do it this one love love
love movies because because it is what's
the heck bro I can't believe I'm
watching with even inside the freaking
toilet it to me gang my dummies in Egypt
are you guys ready for the
meet-and-greet info it is going to be
here right now it is drumroll not
drumroll
okay it's gonna be July 9 5 p.m. at City
stars mall in Cairo so July 9 5 p.m.
City star's mall ask you guys on my
snapchat what's the best mall here in
Cairo you guys for me City Star so July
9 5 p.m. be at City stars me and Naz
will be there we're going to get some
gifts away we're doing a couple
giveaways over there so hopefully we get
to meet you guys and see you guys I want
to see every single one of my Egyptian
do me this is my first time ever doing a
meet agree and I'm so so excited I
cannot wait jaw 9 5 p.m. city stars I'll
see you guys there
also we do meeting as you guys know last
month was my birthday June 4th and Nas
he's so sweet he gave me a gift a really
really expensive gifts that I did not
need he didn't have to give me this gift
i'ma show you guys right now so huge
thank you to the home and I got nothing
to come with me okay look like a Bengali
name are Oh God I the first of all it's
Versace Versace Versace Medusa head
omnia like I'm over night this is a
gated community key to get the
properties none yeah you didn't have to
do this to this woman husband now you're
gonna have to grow so much it I love it
this is crazy this is one of the
craziest gift that I got I never really
guess I hate getting gifts by the way
because I just awkward taking stuff from
people I don't like taking stuff from
people but here it is this is so dope
it's a Versace white and gold gown like
this is like a boss both move Mouse got
the black and gold one and he got it so
mean him can match isn't that gold
homie NAS easy thank you minute
seriously vote Cozumel right thank you
all appreciate much love I love you man
I love I still love you even II didn't
give this but thank you so much for
teaching or may not take it back I think
you can see from the cheek well I gave
you so many kimchi off camera never seen
my glasses
I can give you some achievement a doobie
gang I still do not even know the name
of the city that I'm in but if you guys
know if anyone lives in Egypt who knows
it let me know the comments below let me
know right now because I'm gonna tell
you guys in a few minutes and of live
what city this is called when I ask
someone down - I forgot what it was but
it looks so sick look at this so on
scene I'm walking to the streets of
Egypt guys like a leadership the poles
leave is like a really really good beach
here so we're going to explore the beach
look at this look at the floor wow I'm
in Egypt salon our table has collision
this time annoying life Aloha we on
having your money huh ladies 10 good men
Joker our friends here I love friends my
favorite team I'm a how you know what
came again Chopra husband stomach every
team I don't even know I didn't know
strands I thought that Fly Emirates I
don't know like the trees wow this is
amazing
what about dinner I have my mic on right
there they're filming the movies been
going insane like a lot of people that
are here for the movie or like loving
Egypt and love in the side of the world
so it's going really great we keep you
guys updated I will let you guys know
what city this names we're at this
restaurant the restaurant has like a
beach you can go inside the beach smoke
shisha food pool like shisha right there
this is it there's a boat here Wow and I
found out the name the name is called
Coronado well in English called sargodha
but in Arabic is called the water god oh
my god I forgot it right by God that
let's go already imagine how like Cairo
is going to be car was gonna be amazing
look at this if this is amazing that
Cairo is definitely beautiful man how
did you hear your hand huh shit on it
funny keep going
I have my shoes on so I wouldn't go keep
going
let's see this first this you can go
keep going wow the water is just like
bro this is like Photoshop I'm not even
joking now Zola don't move was like
Photoshop I finally just got done
filming day 1 of the movie filming and
it's going amazing there's a cat here
that scared the crap out of me and I
literally fell I was eating in the cab
John look for it the cat one up on my
lap like for no reason I liked it
guys how do you call it cat kitty oh my
god and cat right there don't go to the
water no don't do it baby don't do it
have you see keep it scaling gallery is
a ik kitty don't do it don't go in the
water guys is a snake there you see that
whoa there's a snake that what this is
sneaking freaking what this is snake
into what hover knows what that is let
me know if I just seen a snake inside
the water and like the cat is like
looking dead at it trying to attack it
hello hello hello wow she just gave me a
death stare Mike I'm sorry she gave me
that say I'm sorry I'm not messing with
you I'm sorry it's over
this is live belly dancer in our hotel
as people were just watching chillin
thumbs up going to a belly dancing and
Egypt and I'll go up there and show that
a real move thinking right now
agent love me hey difference out I'm
dyin bro hey kill agura hi guys so me
and knives were scoping around a hotel
this is like freaking mission I can't
believe it's like a hotel like the pool
there's more of the pool down there I I
not allowed to do this I'm doing this
for you guys I'm doing it for the vlog
i'ma jump in the pool
take off my Easy's because I can't mess
up my easy ready okay how is it fun
glasses off
maybe not we'll take t-shirt off then I
ready oh hi guys so tomorrow we're going
to the Red Sea but the thing is I'm
really really scared because compared to
the Dead Sea and Red Sea I heard that
the Dead Sea is much much better because
the Dead Sea has no like sharks no
fishes no nothing inside it just like
salt and you can float in there I always
wanted to go to the Dead Sea but
tomorrow we're going to the Red Sea and
I heard the rest he has like sharks and
like fishes and like these stone fishes
and like snakes and stuff so I'm really
really scared nas was planning on going
snorkeling tomorrow but when I showed
him that clip with the snake inside he
got really really scared he doesn't want
to go anymore I'm trying to convince him
to still go now you should still go
let's still go come on just punch the
shark in the nose a doobie gang I'm
going to end the vlog here the Wi-Fi
here in Egypt is so slow so just know it
takes me around 6 to 8 hours to upload a
vlog every single day here and while I'm
sleeping I'm doing I'm always doing it
while I'm sleeping so I have to wake up
every hour to make sure that it's still
loading so it's kind of like getting me
really like tired and stuff but I don't
care I do not care because I want to
upload for you guys every single day and
I do not want to miss a vlog I have not
missed a vlog this whole year and I'm
not going to miss one I'm really losing
my voice but tomorrow we're heading to
the Red Sea and I'm scared if I jump in
or not because everyone is telling me I
have to jump in but I'm not I'm scared
because it's like sharks I'm like really
big fishes and I heard it's really
dangerous inside so I'm kind of worried
about keep you guys updated with that
tomorrow
do me I'll truly appreciate it you guys
thumbs up this vlog I'll see you guys
July 9th and I'll see you guys tomorrow
it's the rest of the part of the world I
love you guys so much thank you guys so
much for everything and I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care peace I like
chicken please girls cry yeah that's
what they all say I'm about to go mrs.
taking out I got myself in this position
