again oh yes yeah
all right I want you in over the head of
us hey guys what's up a goomy yang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day the duma
gank right now we're in our backyard and
I want to show you guys something look
the backyard has like buildings this is
our backyard our back view our front
view is the beach our back to you like
trees and building not thinking about
before leaving here I want to jump from
building to building I know it's kind of
weird but what am I like goals and
dreams was to jump from a building to a
building and I need to like achieve that
goal but I just need to know if it's
safe or not so let's check all right
guys you have told me if it's safe or
not hello is that too big yeah I can
make this or no if I fall I'll just fall
right there which isn't it I think it is
another if I fall down here that's
really bad but let me see I think I can
do it let me know in the comments below
I'm not to go to the City of Sydney do
some shopping because day to tomorrow of
our secret project and I need some new
clothes I have a lot of clothes already
buy even more new clothes since the
weather is really just a year so we'll
see you guys in Europe a lot of surfers
here look
okay we're on our daily walk here in
Bondi Beach and then we're heading to
the mall to the main part V zero YT
tickles so long bro he's putting on his
makeup guys make sure you got subscribe
to make up by nas Mau by nas makeup
artist slice it anyway my bad how do you
know it so well where man actually only
stop for woman that's crazy
there we go
I'm trying marry an Australian girl you
know I need girls at a single news
Chilean girls if you have any like
friends or like around age of 20 19 21
oh there's another young sheep sound
like older is a calico that you know any
older chicks yes all right
60s agree I used to date Queen Elizabeth
now now I'm used to it
I mean Queen Elizabeth she's like 80 90
years old so or 93 she's what
93 193 I forgot birthday Mina Mina Mina
go way back
meowstic always kissed her eyes she's
the breast feed me and like powder comes
out yeah my daughter she's a makeup
artist on YouTube closes door oh babe
you call your daughter babe me what
she's actually looking for someone to
get married and she's into guys like you
and please accept wow she's left it come
on baby what's wrong with you you don't
say that bus you think I taught you well
huh what's your name huh
ah look at you that's cute first date
gold huh yep my mind snap oh you guys
are so cute together cuz you know
they're giving away free banana
hey hola banana
Thank You Ven
orb√°n anything you know monkey means
bananas you know that you're told
a mrs. Batra doing a movie hot comment
number one guy gonna be I could I got
word McDonald's right now about to get
me a fish fillet in Australia they call
it Macker in New York City who called
McDonald's he calls it McDonald how you
doing it again
what do you guys call me McDonald's here
in Australia Macker well sounds cool
Mac is Mac you sorry do you guys do um
how'd your cooking the whole line bro oh
yeah just
today's day two of our secret project
we're working on something even bigger
it just keeps getting bigger and bigger
the first thing was that the mountains I
wanted a rock so they gave me a mountain
today I wanted a house so they pretty
much gave me and mentioned in the third
day I wanted cats and like you know
maybe like a little hamster so we're
going to see what they get me in the
third day but today imma show you guys a
tour it is amazing and it is going to be
a really really long shoot 7:00 a.m.
it's around a.m. right now but we start
at 7 a.m. and it's going to end 2 a.m.
yes it takes that long to do something
that's not so long but it's going to be
worth it so thank you guys for always
being on the journey with me thumbs up
and I hope you guys are ready for this
vlog subscribed if you have it and let's
give you guys a tour let's start off
with the room this room is like a
playing room whenever like you have
breaks you can come in here and play
whatever you want this ping-pong tables
here there's a little boxing kind of
thing here there's darts here yes I
don't know please darts but you want to
play darts you go right there
I'll play while I'm holding the camera
ok first person to get a point they won
how about that first one
oh yes I got the boys on one baby early
morning Rebecca that's great no vested
we have a wardrobe room here and a
badess you want to go to sleep this is
all of James stuff right here his
clothes my wardrobe is in there guys you
have to shake wait here like long way
shake way weirdest workout ton of tools
alright guys we just got done with some
of the shoe this is talisha right here
she's helping us out in this video she's
doing amazing you're a trillion yeah
that's right we're and I'll show you I'm
originally from Foster so Bates town on
the coast but now living it with me it's
going crazy a lot of grease it is
actually it is really time for time plus
the producers say the same producers for
on my ways because last time they had
like these dancers in Australia and now
we have you know Felicia in Australia so
oh yeah can't wait for you guys you know
they don't know what we're doing
all right the secret I did the sacred
can't give away too much so talisha is
showing me a kind of snack here in
Australia with the gold shape shape and
what is it came to free me my mouth
chicken is like like crackers is like
ribs but adds like chicken flavor let me
try it's very good
let's see you're going to dig in all the
side work yeah those are like chickens 9
feel like cheese right it's good though
I still write yes okay but American cane
is better well hi guys I think this is a
tennis court and with it oh the
basketball but you have to say
basketball in Australia no you guys
don't look e favorite player Oh Michael
Jordan is that his name oh I don't know
you got a battle there I'm trying to get
to the baseball ooh Oh possible club um
Australians don't say that though you
gotta play rugby no you guys baby when
you play football you guys wear helmets
and shoulder pads we're more top like we
got this whole tennis courts are those
watching a game back no clue we have a
big round of us out of her life Luca do
you think I got hop over this or no
nah yeah well how do me getting I'm
gonna have to prove her wrong she has no
clue like about this my secret talent is
not the reality
yes alright okay oh yes yeah all right I
went you in over your turns up over time
to go to 300 almost nah alright cool
find this oh oh yeah
take up what up boys you know I doing
doing good family huh are you from LA I
used to live there
I'm an Australian homie he's livid Ellie
want to know you know saying love it
you like Aliannah I love Leland where
ball show you I'm sorry I would like
from home we also got the homie James
where James tell them what's up I'm
killing them right now I'm defeated
undefeated will champion of the West
I'll be the nose I sold out if I beat
him yesterday for every once in a
thousand divided he said yes and now is
going back on it I'm about to meet her
well it's 2 1 right now I'm literally
undefeated okay let's go away - no go
more okay so it actually not me I never
get the bull by one guy's mouth Shelly
and wiser player I don't know what does
I do hearts will be like this yeah
that's like a kid ha and then like it it
looks better
see like that looks better they got it
looks better you try it with that hey
guys guys do me yank it is midnight
right now I have until I finally finally
done this was one of the craziest but
one of the best shoes ever it is
freezing this is why I got everything
I'm about to head back to my apartment
that happen Australia which is around
two hours away
so I'm going to end the vlog here if you
guys enjoy the volume if you guys
already put its ego project
thumbs up do me hang tomorrow it's my
last day in Australia and then we're
heading to Dubai to do a couple more for
this secret project and there's going to
be a lot of dope dope people there so be
ready to see a whole squad there - bye
squad
- bye summer squads last year was for
the Canada squad now it's to buy every
year we get to meet up somewhere and we
go to like a specific city and we get to
chill and in last year with Toronto this
year it's device oh so you got small
take care Oh
yeah that's what they all say I'm about
to go missus taking out a keg out myself
in this position always got an attitude
never showing gratitude always wanna top
but you never want to oh hey
