the Australian yeah now Mexican Alexei
and honestly from hey well haha what
about you I'm from America Lagos Diego
Diego is yeah the Uyghurs a geographer
wall Mahana
shut up well ah yeah you can have the
head will be on my hey guys what's up
its Duma yang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day I'm out here in Sydney
Australia it's kind of weird because I
just ended the vlog and I'm starting the
vlog because the time zone here is like
in the future but now it's just fixed
all his luggage and this is why I'm so
inspired by now this is the only thing
that's inspirational about you man
is this because you have OCD you have an
OCD huh Angela it's this right here guys
look
he picks up all his luggage really neat
mashallah I'm inspired by that cuz I'm
really messy so I'm gonna do this
I'm liking me but you know I'm gonna be
Ronaldo and we're going to do this okay
everything could be somewhere yes I'm
here seven tension about seven jumpers
degree right well it's like you expect
you lived here in a skip and then of all
14 t-shirts which is 7 and 7 180 right
and then I've also hundred chances of me
I'm dying and there's seven pairs of
shorts and seven pairs of jogging
bottoms I this is mine and I have two
bags I have like a lot of quote have
like double your clothes where you're
better off you leave it like this
what if you have to follow him I watched
it imma pull all this begin me folded
after this shot ready born - hi guys
we're here for breakfast
this is an Australian Bondi
got watermelone moving here they got
some guacamole right there they got some
shroom mums over there you got some very
strong over here we got some pancakes
right there homie Davi right here it
goes up all right first of all I've seen
this video five years ago how does that
seen a podrace ooh I'm not sure you guys
a little some of it some of you guys
have you seen it though wasn't over
at all and everything that he has done
was to determine absolutely everything
to come Robbie knows this
Robbie wants to go back really think so
yes what is more I just seen him here
never come for us Tommy gave us preach
preach preach
oh hello Bondi Beach appreciate Thank
You boys thank you my brother amazing
welcome in Australian my men you'll see
guys that was one of the most amazing
Brooks's have a huge shout out to the
people over there and preach now just
trying to pay and we got one up tonight
he's like get out of here what is then
you just get out of here before to Putin
he was like nope you're not paying good
I if I deport you back to England not
like but it was such an amazing
breakfast we take a walk around the
beach enough
what get James :
which I'm looking for now just off the
plane ma'am did you mean keep walking is
what I mean by so much anything man
people get off the plane and let they
sort themselves out to take it since the
plane just
guys what's up I'm with monkeys right
here hello
I love you guys warm we don't know that
anything about you choose a cooler novel
I really know your you shouldn't so
what's the first letter H pepper
yeah you're don't do it popular I'll
just no way I guess no aah what aah RRR
oh okay yeah Wow I'm so good I'm good
with names I'm guessing I'm getting it
right but yeah thank you guys so much
Thank You Sydney I love you guys so
welcome era
amen see that's a good promotion it's
not to drill up you without beard I love
myself oh you would I be what about you
yeah the first time logging so little
may I got the blog that is your first
vlog ever yes I saw this article where
you came to get hold of yoga North arm a
little higher yet alright and I just say
whatever you want without man we Sydney
Australia Bondi Beach
Samantha edge right here already know
how it is
fifteen mashallah fifteen years all the
way from your nationality Saudi Arabia
momentum Padres or no guys we have one
the only the undisputed undefeated
everyone everyone is there that is like
what they'll go with gobo
just get married it is a good marriage
cute couple it's your cousin brother
I used to still get married David mr.
bozos oh I'm really super Stan how do
you think I've been good at telling man
I haven't seen you for like four months
so hot on you night here living with
each other room I know in bond hi baby
from wood green to bond type anything
you see our room from young oh you
probably can't not in some or other I
don't know but it's looking like this
looks like Venice Beach but like an
Australian clean version where the first
room
oh they're just skateboarding here this
thing is deep whoa
hi guys so not just late we're taking on
walk we're trying to take a walk here
Bondi Beach and not came out late he
always takes bar and we're trying to see
the daylight here and he's coming right
now
we found it but he doesn't see us oh we
see him recover street cam straight I
know he was up so late so
he's right there he found it because oh
my god is that not you look like it's
part of humanity not white like a peach
guys look at everyone right there
everyone is like searching this guy's so
there was like eight sharks last week
here in Bondi Beach so that's not going
into a lot of people going inside
and it's winter Sydney winter in Austria
in Australia is not even once it's like
calm American and UK people's like
spring the little beautiful fertility
yeah you know what I noticed is that not
got the British accent I got that
American accent and James got the
Australian James and if you got those
Chilean activities so the letter R okay
see this is why they're making ax is
correct because I'm still you guys are
under the letter R I'm pronouncing it R
now let me tell them it's chilling how
do you see the little R are nothing to
say or how do you say it oh another one
here are interesting one ah sitting ah
jeez ah that's not are you saying ah ah
this is all now you see are all pink
this is all you can get it off you say
Oh our three are odds are like are
happen
this is why the American acts macula is
correct not because English University
these guys won't let me eat need to lose
more weight everybody when you ate
leaves growth is good what's a good day
for your Chilean yeah no Mexican
American honors free from and well haha
koala harder my men on the at home is
what about you I'm tired - nah man I see
niggas Diego Diego is yo the Uyghurs FDI
grant from Walla Hana
hey uh wala ha ha yeah well I better
shut up well haha yeah why do people
flirting
Oh tiger cutie we're just need a flirt
with you feels really nice here think
they really cute we should who would
look good together you have a number one
people often it just has a learning
right then some you know flirting out
there in industry because it says
flirting yes hi guys we're back to an
apartment we always take a walk here
bond I've just to like you know explore
the sitting stuff I feel like our view
looks like a music video view like you
know like you don't want to be alone
anything by yourself you little any skin
okay do me gank it's time to wrap up
this vlog so if you guys do not know I'm
in Australia and get to be in Dubai for
a secret project and this is like a
really really big secret project I'm
working so hard on it
you guys in the next vlogs you guys are
going to know you guys are going to get
like some hints but I'm not going to
really say anything I'm gonna just let
you guys see the hints but so you guys
want a little preview of this secret
project thumbs up this video I got to
see you guys thumbs up this video and
I'll give you guys a preview of the
secret project it's going to be so
amazing I cannot wait you guys already
know my other secret projects one of my
secret projects is uh filming the the
movie there was a feature that I'm going
to be in the movie documentary which is
going to be amazing it's already done
and it's going to be out in like a
couple months probably towards the end
of 2017
and then the book I'm still in works
with the book but the book doesn't come
out to like a year or two after which is
way way after but this secret project
that I'm working on right now that I'm
almost done with is going to be out in
probably just a couple months like three
four months in cella
so hopefully goes great than that see
you guys tomorrow do me Hank take care
and get ready for the secret project
tents and fish I love you but in all day
guillain-barr√© not here in the hallway
could you
get up and through your cry yeah that's
what they all say I'm about to
