oh my god oh my god can I go to quick
picture I'm shaking like really can you
follow me on Twitter oh my god
he's a finger you've heard of it before
you take him to show them how you twerk
huh you can have the head will be on my
way
got a represent ha
never chase a chick ah today was use of
they to put on a song and not my dad hey
guys what's up it do me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day it is a beautiful
day out here in New York City and today
we're heading out to Central Park to
meet up with slim we don't know what
we're doing yet but I'm planning on
doing a lot of public dares because
these mics right here are really really
dope so from now on I'm going to carry
this with me and you guys can let me
know if I should do a lot of random like
public pranks like many public pranks
we're going to do some today me Yousef
and slim uses and slim did not even
invite themselves to do it but I told
them you guys are going to have to do it
cuz if I'm going to do something crazy
or a crazy prank you guys are going to
do something crazy and a crazy Frank
bull heading Central Park right now
let's uh let's turn up and have some fun
thumbs up for do me hanging I'll see you
guys in the next shot hi guys I am back
and we just got to this place called
Columbus Circle in New York City it's
really beautiful look at it right there
these are all our victims were about to
prank I got my mic on you know what that
means when I got my mic on way to put
slim we don't always going to go first
I did a tweet and I told you guys
between me some public dance to do and
we're all going to choose each other
some dares that you guys have tweeted
meetings I don't think you sim has ever
done like us how do these ever done like
a prank how public how's that like that
but it was good
I'll chain one yes well you're about to
do another one with the uncle Adam
styler and he's wearing to Liverpool
shirt so on that nod I love that so so
much guys I'm a pretending to call the
shirt and you guys are going to tweet us
and say wow Adam won't you make youtube
take off the little blue shirt all right
it's so light with it screams out that
screws out that the not to tell now I
made him take all the church you got a
crop out that one coming up on the New
York Knicks Carmelo Anthony was father's
easy or let's do a quick little crazy
dares right now waiting your tweets and
I already chose one for slim so I'm
going to go first
someone tweeted her name is Ed Milner
and milnor force people to subscribe to
you have to go up to a stranger and you
have to force them to subscribe to you
have a minute to a minute and a half you
actually have to get them to subscribe
to like I literally like you have a lady
to subscribe you have to make them go on
their phone and click Subscribe okay
Bella brother will you pump awesome
promise on man so I need to be a
favorite kind of level also if you like
watching like she's with funny videos on
internet icon you to digit and I've
already gotten on your phone I need you
to do me a favor and go to my youtube
channel subscribe to my channel I'm
trying to be the biggest treat of song
in the world star over there
Zeca dancing shit to it oh yeah yeah
well you know so you must a comedy
yeah bro so you need to talk to my
channel what's this down
look at those let me photograph you on
pain gets I subscribe bro you know I
could wraps you like a freestyle I feel
a little wild I'm out here in Central
Park in the dark in the light in the
rain I could rap like a limb pain
I'm like I'd like you to do it so I have
this friend right and you can what
popular to means I'm time you popular in
more popular I'll press Clint right slim
yeah okay
I've made it I'm shocked I saw friends
but you guys three million and now we
have I didn't have 1 million everybody
making fun of me
oh I'm saying it like why do I have no
yet because I'm ugly video funny we
might be more funny funny funny looking
yeah might have a laugh I love it no
further better right video of announces
so you're on his channel oh yeah I get
this guy's looks cool because you can
find him on your cell here yes it's Luke
I just grabbed from the killed over who
killed or like I feel good sounds good
right we said wrap like me and paint me
a pain to the rest you rap sing a song
dude he is not really hi guys give me
user Frank ready
this one from average I dare to go to a
total stranger and act like your old
friends but goes the stranger and just
like stay whatever name is pretend that
you know them for a long time it's how
are you James what's up man
so how you how you men on the scene in a
long time
you don't remember me you had a gratis
class last school a long time ago and
like I think fifth grade that same class
you name is your name dream I grow my
name asked him roll up on him what my
name well but his name is Dave I don't
know you I know James bro James one
and here underneath you don't really bro
take it easy
his name is Diggs I just think oh guest
and I said yo Dean hi guys that was
about to go up surrender person and act
like if they're celebrity and asked for
an autograph
oh my god so basically I'm just going to
be a fan girl and I'm a percent on with
the sellout celebrity I'm gonna take a
picture with them and go TV chatter
deuces what should I do it to let me
know so okay I do see there was a nice
oh my god oh my god oh my god I'm like
your biggest fake I got a picture can I
get a picture so I love your music I'm
like your biggest fan can I go to a
quick picture yes go oh my god I can't
believe it
I'm shaking like this oh my god I love
you music can you follow me on Twitter
can you follow me on Twitter oh my god
this is the city
oh my god he's here huh huh he's a
singer you think Garn be what's his name
Trey Songz you've heard of it before
yeah yeah you ever heard of it
heat works really good - yeah - can you
show them how you twerk huh oh my god
I'm shaking good look do it oh my god I
want to faint
oh my god okay can I sit down with you
oh my god oh my god oh my god I'm at the
faint I like the pink oh my god
oh my god trace on chain - oh my god oh
my god
cheese up can you take off your shirt
for me
take off your shirt please and just go
like do that yep which one of y'all go
home it trigger trick get you do it huh
you got it or can you do it please
lovelyz about the pain again about the
pew
I am a thinking of it nice great so you
think yeah
no way yeah you really think that it is
okay can I hear you think it'll hear
your voice it everyone I'm filming a
video view it huh doubt everyone yeah
thank you for today
think whatever song you up that's crazy
it anything with your didn't approve my
fantasies of love really big let go to a
place only lovers go to a spot that me
never known to the top of the clouds
whistle ting away you can always feel so
crazy
hey OH this love is blazing long baby
was so hard walking ha ha
Oh what you got me up so high you got me
all so high
yo that's so random oh my god oh my god
what's your name is together anything
you could follow me on Instagram very
underscore would check my website out dr
e wo OD s comm Dre would calm right
there already whatever - I didn't know
and that's why I was like I ever say
which is crazy wow that's crazy as
though they're doing a mission
accomplished this is crazy the person
that I went up to he was actually a
singer the person I used that went up to
his name was actually James the person
has slid one up - he actually got him to
subscribe with him so that was crazy
that was really really fun to give you
shoutouts limb and uses you got to check
them out and the links down below you
got to do more dares man oh there's the
confidence is better when you look like
each other and stuff when you're like
alone it's hard to do like any dares oh
we're done what the heck - Eve you guys
enjoyed it make sure you give it a
thumbs up and let me know if you are
more and I could do it in like different
locations hi by the way slim he's coming
with me to India I have one India comin
with me to India like look you know I'm
sayin him we got adult flight to India
New Delhi and Mumbai hi guys so we just
got done eating now used to buying a
drone he wants to get the crazy footage
with his drone on his channel and
there's a lot of drones here literally
like a lot look how big this one is
the biggest one right here Wow so we did
it this is crazy bro execution and heavy
snow yeah we need to pick you up enough
they can't there's a put stuff on here I
really like Wyatt ah haters house then
just throw it on the right yeah yeah set
them up you know it do me gang I just
got home and we just got done eating I
really hope you guys enjoyed the slides
did make sure you give it a thumbs up I
want to do more of this and like other
countries and cities that I go to just
to see like different reactions and like
different types of pranks that you guys
want to see so maybe in Egypt India
Australia Dubai or wherever I go I can
bring my mic with me and do some crazy
public there's I'm going to stay asking
you guys to give me some crazy public
there's and I'll do it also do me I'm
leaving to Egypt in around two to three
days I am heading to Egypt to finish the
movie filming that I'm fishing it's
going to be so so crazy and I'm going to
bring you guys with me tomorrow I'm
going house shopping as I told you guys
I'm one step ahead of getting a house
and now I'm going house shopping
tomorrow so tomorrow and take you guys
with me and you guys are gonna help me
choose and then it shall I get the new
house for my family and we're gonna see
how it goes I'm going to end up like
here even though someone's looking on
right now shirtless like why why like
what I said that's why you know this was
just about question why WH why why we're
gonna end the vlog here and make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
we're gonna see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace hello me use the milk how
look right there but in all day
killing all night here in the hallway
she said
and you'll cry yeah that's what they all
say
