don't worry huh knowing makes me met
very matter how many good penny mom
please by James Oh William
you can have the head will be on my hey
what's that is do whenever I start off
like my dad is just chilling one time
okay sorry about that man I don't know
cuz I got a summer blind why you glass
abuser ground flagon cut I'm so don't
ever stop your Arab dad music huh hey
guys what's up dumi gang I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day
you all should be having enemies happy
day in Douma gang I'm with my nephew use
of Saleh he's thinking about a saying
for his intro I'm thinking you should
say something like yo guys it's a new
day which means the new crush Adam I'm
not you go you're the one that has the
question yeah I didn't even have about
madam he said I have a crush
Coolio I like that game why why no no he
has a coin but he takes a girl course
even that crush him he doesn't to crush
me he has a crush
no and I have been here if any holiday
I like okay I believe he oh yeah all
right that's all woody huh
going makes me met very master now
regular honey mom please by James Oh
William
I'm sorry slim check Allah halogen is
Olga huh I do any he don't love it
no I do anything and he's over here
honey
 nothing oh yeah huh you're
not real
no bringing area Houma please oh yeah
okay tenth of the table you slim
understand slim happy nobody you always
have some yes sir my dad ran out is
broke him to know the news that mean you
were getting married and he's like don't
crazy can you tell him like yeah in case
um that mean you were happy together
hello I'm gonna cry hours every dance
and has no clue hello get married but
put it how did father order something
oh you want to get huh I had just one
little Oregon spin it is long mad I'm
just a not let me know okay
whatever working right here don't tell
my dad and like you know he's happy
meaning or happy together okay what
exact cell you mean in your area and I
end of the way
well okay bye okay but huh me alone okay
the joking into that the middle of us a
joke about let me allow Joe here belongs
to accept it what that is I'm joking on
sorry okay and the one is it okay I'm
joking I feel alive Ibaka anyone here
okay I like girls and all the girls
about how with my girls
okay I sort of shut the hell of it but
we have nothing against people who are
that way but I like I love I love girls
okay and you love girls ever then I look
with me
I said I'm quite a few I cuz I was like
the most random pretty oh my bad look
it's bad news that I'm joking a little
from Julie
I'm joking I'm a forward for girls and
three goats and two sheeps and one dog
look look what I did math and that is it
you can help me ah we want to do like it
but I was hoping that I might say that
okay what what tonight wine that was the
most random thing ever but me and your
sis what about the head to the mall we
never go to the malls because the mall
to the best of all is the one that
equates Dubai Assad beheading and like
all place a man those are like the best
malls over there he didn't tell me that
he wants to go to Kuwait just somewhere
in Dubai what do you want to go what is
I didn't see you got my dagger big is it
but we want to go no look here he goes
mom yeah ain't gonna go to marry someone
else to get speaks on the nose yeah I
was testing you know so good is bad you
know look I'll take up uh-huh I promise
you I'll take my wife
I've been wonderful that I took a banana
wrong I'm not good I know of course I
know poor thing that's the real words
that's the real side of my dad he was
about to roam along but he would never
go with any other woman do is mess
around
my dad look I need to palm vein guy I'm
gonna see you guys in the next shop
that's crazy so you're going to Egypt
all alone
yeah well you flying out from every
London yeah I don't want to go home oh
why so I'll be scared oh you're gonna be
good at cut them Joanie's both you guys
yeah but the thing is in Uganda you were
with a mistaken identity a wanted man
with the same exact name as you so they
didn't really want to shake and
undersell FOMA so you're just gonna be
the sauce like yo I don't come yeah
can you be good in longer just go in
there just go to easier than the speak
to them in Arabic tell them whatever you
know then you'll be good come on you
know just to try it out say I mom say
I'm a pilot
yes they kids like they came ago I was
watching do it I'll think about coming
to New York just talking fly with you
know you're done why would you go from
London to New York to fly all the way to
like Egypt to me me me just thank you
thank you mr. Lee are you good you got
Queen Elizabeth you're right we got
battle trouble you get me Osvaldo
Madigan that bitch Danielle be lost
someone ever locked up in Uganda
what I know you have to call like the
British Embassy but they took them so
long to like you know I have to call
American embassies to shout out to the
American Embassy actually you know huh
I'm vlogging I'm vlogging of oil yeah
say what up yeah just like that kind of
guys you know see not easy I say what
happens I'm going to Egypt yeah everyone
has said that is going to be a voila
yeah yeah yes he was he said guys nodded
shook it he shook shook it I'm sure I'm
sure I'm sure it do we gank we just got
to the mall mean you said my whole
family's here there's somewhere around
here
the mall is really bad that's what I
mean by American malls like and set it's
like nothing is that's a good thing no
one bothered is chilling and mean use
this or get the vlog over here that's
the first time ever we do you care to go
but we're going to go I got my goal
don't worry okay vlog man became a Falls
default my cameras yeah do fit a lot my
cameras I've been an ocean ubers been
been through a lot enough to do enough
music he's almost a hundred thousand to
starboard and I keep you know like
giving him loud advice and mashallah
he's really really good so we're gonna
just do it now oh my god
yeah the camera camera over gonna do it
yeah
let's do it I got like this let's do it
guys I just see my family what a good a
nice visual happens eating haven't
broken the news stop Tina goodie I don't
feel good are you guys down to go
to that obstacle yeah it's kind of high
over stereo boy your hand'd want to do
it
but uh identical again I was cold as
 you call yourself you gotta go The
Addams Family one two three also guys
I'm with two members of The Addams
Family who are not in the vlog right now
and they've never shown in the vlog so
high this the only way I could put them
in the blog by saying hi i three members
and Adam Sami not two three members so
what's up how's it going Hey look I
can't they're here but look I'll just
feel that you can't be in the vlog bad
or good uh-huh because exactly and this
girl is the same age as Highland months
older oh my gosh we just got done eating
we're about to officially go to the
obstacle course
Deena's probably the only one that can
go this is too small and that thing is
really really high it's like three four
stories high so Dina I'm not going to
drop you up three mom do you wanna go to
your mom
should stay with me she wants to stay
with me gonna stay with me while I could
love me a lot or a little bit
I think she means a lot you mean a lot a
little bit here it is this is it right
you ready oh my god wow this thing is
really high
therefore scary but there's a baby one
right there we have the fuel here
Elizabeth River encountering a brave
fight one two three
there now but good I'm fighting in the
past he says it's the hardest one is it
it's a stove in a remote sodium
give it a lot like having like God help
you do you I'm not just go break my
thumbs up for you for being brave she's
only five yeah
they are we what are you doing see us he
kind of look like
Oh
Oh run and jump you have to run get the
run go free was great
I'm not son
Oh
we finally did it the loser pays it guys
on the counter each day we did it one
two three we did it GF ugh oh my god I'm
supposed to do something it
dance to that song
enjoy everyone I like it yeah Jesse I
just be a phase rot trying to phase
logon Bharata time so one of my
favourite youtubers so Phaedra provided
I missed you guys and I'm see you got
definitely food hi guys we have this
finally got done doing the New York I'm
a la walk I did a lot of snapchat you
guys going to see it muffin app shot my
snapchat will be right here to make sure
how it goes the Avenue of the 24 hours
interview guys looking for a case to get
for my phone died for 7 plus no
definitely not this one good thing ever
bed I'm thinking about the Kardashian
one I'm thinking about this sunset right
here this one like though like it said
hey I got a son you know looks like a TV
like Justin Delic so really the crazy
case guys is it Creighton my sister just
left Sephora and I didn't even know they
sell hook that beauty stuff here that's
crazy
alright guys so I need to show you guys
some hooded Beauty eyelashes so first of
all we're going to take it out and see
what do you say
you you see a month there so we're going
to take out the eyelash let me see you I
left
and then we got some eyelashes this is
cool hey ah hey guys what's up a doobie
gang also on WE submission of a doobie
gang we're done with the day i usually
end my vlog at home but today i'm at my
blog right here because i'm going to
show the family have some family talk
time but do me against you guys enjoy
this vlog make sure you give it a thumb
oh and go turkey it truly means the
world see you guys always thumbs it up
the videos which means you guys liked it
if we comes it up so thumbs up as do
meow let's try to get a goal of 25 so
30,000 thumbs up the to be gang smash
that like button and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
it's tomorrow's vlog take care or our
pigs
peace out cuz I don't know where they
are really done with your bit of
screaming let's see whether you are now
 all day killing more not here in
the hallway she beckons me girls cry
yeah that's what they all say
