we one looks like a boy you look like a
girl and a duck fish whatever and about
me I'm gonna say something mean to them
you can have that'll be all no this is
what Rima does before every single
YouTube video she's fixing her hair with
a Rima your hair is good
your hair looks - all over you're good
we mother you look beautiful
no I like your hair like that
can you post me come on yeah do it do a
model post your ratchet both do a
gangster pose I do I love you Adam pose
I like you
no again oh thank you I appreciate it
hey guys what's up to do me again I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if you are
having an amazing happy do me going
today is Reavers day to be doing The
Addams Family video week you got ready
you ready yeah she has no clue what
video we're even doing today so I'm
going to surprise it right now and I'm
going to tell you guys this video is
going to be reading mean comments happy
does
why are people mean I don't know that
some people in this world will just mean
for no reason there's some people who
just you know they have no I mean to us
well there's some people meet us but you
got to focus like some people are mean
to Muslims - Oh who's that that nobody I
just you why does anyone meets you whose
meet you okay
What did he say whatever I play with him
he pushed me down what's his name Chris
Christian tell Christian the Adam said
if you push Remo one more time I'm going
to come there and tell his parents on
him because that's not right he knows
you you know bleep you the bed never
mind
maybe oh he has a crush on you naughty
cow yes he does Rima let me just tell
you I'll get you relax okay okay I'm
just saying some people in this life
when they hit people it means they have
a crush I do that outside too
okay okay okay no crush no crush very
very key from my home alone I'm telling
you realized that girl she's like in the
future she's gonna be getting her man so
like I want to see if phone who even
texting who's that who's this who's
whole is ennifer hi guys I'm going to be
reading some hate comments about me
and rimas going to read it with me and
we're just going to just chill and react
to you ready the Mizzou man
camera a little bit the first mean
comment okay it says this is so mean so
so me man I'm I need Adam Saleh to
quickly kill himself who that's like
that's like another level I don't know
people are just shaking honey yeah let's
see perfume she is your name is the
Queen I don't know this is her this is
her profile picture you know he's asleep
again oh my god i'ma need rothwyn or
whatever your name is to quickly fix her
potato heads we're gonna roast the
people who hate on us you don't say it
like I don't know she's trying to be
like she looks like a nun with a jean
jacket okay so someone says I don't even
like Adam solid but so I'm here thinking
like wow maybe there's going to be a but
and there's going to be like he's
actually cool then I go to the next
tweet and it says I actually don't like
Adam solid but like yeah that's I guess
he had a mistake and one of the tweets
in success so I guess you don't have to
like him I like Adam hope you do so much
better
talk about it don't worry guys Reba I am
not letting Reba take my phone again she
keeps taking it and reading stuff and I
hate tweets you and I'm not trying to
let her but like and Rima is really
respectful I see her as rimas really
mature so yeah but I was really
hilarious I was like America's Funniest
rima can I read this right now now give
me this one again solid yeah man that
guy honestly honestly want one um
the what humans humans out there
dokyoon every to be ha Adam sonic man
that guy's honestly one of the worst
humans out there tonight huh I'm the
worst human to that this comment let's
comment and batten your door human ever
hears illegal love is its wit illegal
love yes you are a meaning person to me
and Adam in your army oh my god people
every but what we love is why this
person said I don't even know why
hijabis are fussing about this Adam
solace ninja I mean his beard game is
lame lame lame means her as well aim is
okay says mean look okay
they're going to see it no so good and
you see this beer game this new game
it's on fleek
mr. Kaul sweet beard game you know no
she said she didn't like my beard and
away she was saying why do people like
chasing yourself and I told them oh just
you know we play tag I always play tide
for everyone out there you go I play tag
with my friends
yeah but I don't don't hit then people
are mean to me and Adam will will not
give them a shout-out
we was the og we leave a pretty girl
preach it girl you're good what was good
I swear to thank you cute now Nene good
okay it's gonna no I didn't like the old
lady yeah this person said and then Adam
Adam sorry it's so corny coin look
I'm corny I actually I agree with you
I'm probably kind of I'm kind of I'm
kind of corny so reminders off the
rosary but I know he has says what takes
our roast ARIMA get out of Remo you have
fake flowers on your head drew and I
keep going up on her phone I'm snapped
at the faces and yv1 covered okay so
this was a really weird sweet it's
really dumb I believe but says I don't
see the hype was Zayn he looks like Adam
Salah
sorry sis first of all we look nothing
alike
second of all if he does look like me
how is that a bad thing like I mean like
I'm not that bad looking but he's like
faith structures and features is
beautiful this person you need me tell
me this person is tripping I feel like
this in this person out more because
they do same instead of dissing me what
the hell all right guys this one is
about Rima this is a mean comment about
relay ready this is one of the first
times Reema's going to hear a really bad
comm it says rimas head is shaped like
spongebob but that is so mean you guys
have sold me for Reema's laughing I
don't care I don't care about do about
the haters because then because they
make me famous Rima you're any famous
and you're ready to start you need
haters Hayden who glide me oh my hands
like bunny bump
yeah head look like Patrick and
SpongeBob fuck head this one's kind of
mean it's about you Rima oh really
you look like a boy you look like a girl
and a duck fish whatever is about me I'm
gonna say something mean to them
Amarista okay it says Rima hates Adam
because I met her
and she said she hates she hates him you
told the fan you hate me no matter what
ha I can warm under just running just
the hater
voila you said you hate me or like you
guys comment comment down below it if I
said I hate either on me look look you
moment assignment round one
yeah we must so it is a lover so much I
don't know why I was here I think this
is the perfect match video Remo can I
tell you something those three hateful
comments about you they were fake
they weren't haters I wrote that as a
joke to print you I'll prank you it I
got you come on give me one
yeah please yeah why not I love you
yeah I love you alright go big and get
it's time to wrap up this vlog if you
enjoyed this video make sure you thumbs
up thumbs up for Rima hey do me a I'm
gonna see you guys tomorrow
subscribe for daily videos hi guys
wait oh my I knew it I'm sad for you ha
ha I'm beginning for a shout-out
what's your name - girl what's the name
familias honey it's not a honey shout
out to her knees and clothes I forgot
the other one oh my god I'm gonna a tune
up should be the tears of it she didn't
pursue a hater now even if again Penny's
friends how about that like it Tommy
dang sure yeah Jenny and Jenny shout out
Suhani
and Jenny we love you Rima give you that
special shout-out wasn't me Audrey mo so
it was really sweet unlike busting but
um yeah we see you got small take care
yeah hey I love you
I'm about your mission taking out that
gay got myself in this position always
got an attitude
never saw ingratitude always for the top
but you never want to listen
oh hey i'ma do my way gonna do game
