hey guys what's up you're doing Hank I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day I do me
gang I'm not having a so amazing day I
was supposed to be leaving to Birmingham
tonight for my Birmingham show but my
flight got canceled but the weirdest
thing happened they booked me a new
flight but the flight is now before what
I was supposed to normally take but it's
kind of weird because this play that I
was supposed to take at 11 p.m. tonight
got cancelled because of the snow look
at this north side that is look man it
just started snowing crazy so now my
flight is at 5 p.m. earlier six hours
earlier which is really really weird why
would they cancel my 11:00 p.m. flight
cuz of the snow and then I have a flight
now while it's snowing that's kind of
weird I feel like my flight is gonna be
canceled regardless at the end once I
get there watch I already know it's
gonna get canceled but the bad luck that
I have and now it's like no it's not
gonna get canceled it's not gonna get
kissed I know it's gonna get cancelled
matter of fact I don't really know if
he's getting a cancel but I don't know I
feel like it is gonna get canceled
because I always get bad luck so let's
see how it goes I was supposed to film a
video today with Hamza Jim at the whole
Adams family but now that the flight is
delayed earlier I can't do it at do me a
I'm sad but do not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day no
matter what happens I'll blow every
single day unless like I'm not breathing
or anything but I will still Oppo every
single day for you guys in Douma gang
let's go see the Adams family right now
before I go I gotta tell them by Tina
Jimin what's up how are you guys
I missed you guys so much it's snowing
yeah I'm leaving times out what's up man
I'm gonna here eating food as usual and
we got highly right here was missed you
so much
boom boom boom damn hey what's up hey
babe I have a question for you do you
think I'm gonna make my flight like do
you think is gonna be cancelled or no
yeah I think you're gonna make your
flight for the first time in life and
then you're gonna be deleted you think
to be delayed and not cancelled yeah do
things be canceled or delayed cancelled
don't say that and delayed what do you
think delayed do beginning the Adams
family think that my flight is gonna get
delayed I personally think that is gonna
be cancelled Medina
great- thing
like he's gonna be canceled right I miss
Dina so much you guys don't understand
me in here watching the movie last night
we're chilling we're gossiping Jemaine
wasn't here watching the movie you want
to hear you missed out wouldn't you
don't care let me bring stay up on you
hey lemon oh he's still better no no
nice smart everyone a smart piece you
keep on talking huh trying to eat in
peace vlogging my team what do you eat
in peace you get more fat what the hell
anyway I'm a mr. Abbott's not me
everyone big hug you big Oh miss you
guys have to go yes to be honest low-key
hope is kids too so I could come back
and show what you guys alright if not
don't worry can't shake you know how to
do it or not let's do it ready set go
dad okay Dina do did you join a beat and
also old song would do it dude you wanna
beat dude you wanna beat now slide drop
hit the folk don't stop a aim don't stop
hey run a man on that beat hey renovated
hella daddy run around on IB now do your
dance do your dance do your dance
now it's time for me to get my luggage
come with me
did you okay yes you wanna come with me
- yeah I'm sorry but you guys can't you
guys have school I don't care but you
got to go oh why I never do me gang
these are my last moments with my baby
Dina and my not so baby anymore Jamel
Oh mister you got so much I'm only gonna
be gone for like three days in the UK so
I'm gonna be back well once you come
back clothes straight here come straight
here sounds good once I come back come
shreya promise you pinky promise unicorn
pinky promise we won't turn up you to
Germany beer yes
hey unicorn baby I love you guys I'm
gonna be dangerous I do me gang I just
got to the airport so my flight is not
canceled it happended lot or it's not
delayed because only the flights that
have small planes are canceled my flight
is at big planes we're still here but
look at this this is my plane that I'm
going on the damn look no everywhere oh
my goodness what the heck bulky with
this crazy weather I'm like really
scared to get on the plane because I
don't know what would happen to snow and
man I didn't want to go I want to stay
with the Adams family but it's all good
I'm coming to you guys March 10th world
tour tickets come on March 10th and the
big announcement is in a few Adobe gang
once on land and UK it do me I just got
to London look I'm on this early in the
morning right now I don't want to be too
loud but most flight got delayed I'm
heading to the hotel right now I'm
finally staying in a hotel for the first
time in London usually I'm always in
apartments but this time I'm inside a
hotel in London I cannot wait to see you
guys in Birmingham big announcement
coming soon stay tuned do me gang and
this is why I do not get hotels in
London so let me tell you guys first
this hotel that I got in London well
actually I didn't get it BBC got it
because I'm performing for BBC I mean
yes it's in a perfect location literally
near everything next Hyde Park mix
everything but I don't know why in the
city because I remember like four years
ago three or four years ago when I came
to the UK I stayed in the main city of
London the hotels are so small the hotel
beds are so tiny I mean I know I'm tiny
too but like what the heck look at this
hotel look at this what the Freak this
is what this is like this is the room
the beds are so small that I can easily
move it like look it's like what the
heck and my view is a pure wintry
coldness like yo just opened the window
and this is what this is weird
what the heck yo London got the weirdest
hotels man and it's crazy because this
does not look like the main part of
London this is just looks like behind of
behind every freaking building like with
it but like my view was like wow just
beautiful man
see roofs and you know people's places
man what this is not even safe I know I
could just jump out or something what
the heck but it's all good in the hood
do me again because today is the big
announcement do me gang I supposed to
tell you guys yesterday but today I'm
telling you guys the whole announcement
I hope you guys are ready for it
literally in like a minute or a minute
30 seconds I will tell you guys so don't
skip or nothing go skit I'm a SIA in the
next shot do me gang I'm outside and I
just want to remind you guys that today
I mean tomorrow you guys can pre-order
Instagram famous it's March night what
up man oh and the construction workers
saying what I look at this I'm just like
a 5 to 10 minute walk to like Leicester
Square you know the area stuff like that
I'm gonna go get a haircut right now at
me nots gonna give me one
but Naz is not gonna come till a few
hours so I'd rather save time to go get
a haircut right now what's up man how's
it going
I never seen no one blog what up it
feels so weird blogging in London man
like the construction where it goes like
a someone is beeping like boom like they
never seem to do with a camera sheesh
man have you ever seen a do with a
camera uh-huh you see nah man I
appreciate it man I thought no one's
seen a dude with a camera man I
appreciate it
look at this car
I just noticed I'm right in university
Westman eight PJs on a PJ hey whether
there was a I just noticed some
University of West Minister shout out to
everyone in West Minister without me I
was a London weather is so weird man now
it's sunny and then like five minutes
later is like not sunny five minutes
later after that has rainy you know yeah
I don't understand how early it is like
no-one's outside was like 8 a.m. right
now in doom again I am back to my hotel
I wanna give you huge shout out to
everyone from London I met so many of
you guys outside literally what are you
guys doing outside so early I mean yeah
you guys got school I don't have school
but a doobie get it's time to tell you
guys the big big big announcement right
now matter of fact I'm not gonna tell
you guys I can't tell you guys is
announcement I'm gonna have to show you
guys a video first and then after that
I'm gonna talk to you guys to the video
of the announcement is right here enjoy
to me that is the announcement be it
boozy tube we're going out towards
together for the UK Australia and Donita
Malaysia Singapore it's called the atom
meets pussy tour if you're ready make
sure you get your tickets March 10th 6
p.m. UK time worldwide the tickets are
available at this website right here
this is the main picture we're using for
the atom eats pussy tour and Umi gang
just know that we're giving you guys two
shows in one fouseytube is doing this
whole show I'm doing my whole show it's
gonna be a sick amazing time and y'all
really know what both Arabs is better
together you know what I'm saying the
both of us together is gonna create
wildness it do me gang make sure you
guys come through I cannot wait to see
you guys I cannot cannot wait it's gonna
be an amazing amazing time we're gonna
make some amazing memories that we would
never ever forget but yes that is the
announcement stay tuned for more do me
gang do not forget March 10 to get your
tickets to fail disappointment get your
tickets like on the day of I don't want
to see any of you sad and do me acts
will make sure you guys get your tickets
other than that I'm gonna wrap up the
vlog here I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog we did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey and do me ganc
tweet us tweet me tweet foresee our
Twitter's are right here foresee and OMG
Adam stop let us know if you guys
already you do me gang stand and dump it
do me gang and brought bronze I hope you
guys are ready I'm so so excited I'm see
you guys tomorrow end the vlog here
take care do not forget to subscribe and
put your notifications on take care and
peace I love you I love you that's the
big announcement
enjoy I'll see ya
