pama you can have that'll be on my hey
guys what's up is do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day I was a cow Femi oh
I do not know why I'm speaking Dutch
maybe because I got my Amsterdam shirt
on it do me yank to everyone that's
watching who celebrate Eid Eid Mubarak
yeah well technically still the last day
for a month for me of a few guys that
are watching it's eight so enjoy your
day enjoy with the family have fun and
have an amazing amazing time I'm about
to head out with my whole family to get
them ready for a tip to get myself ready
for aid because we have to look fly you
guys will see that a family in the next
shop Adams family comes to the room I'm
Zack Dina Remo Jamaat Walter hey what's
up
oh my god oh my god a lot of you ladies
are you guys doing what's up what ever
did you guys miss you guys so so much
Tiger happy much come via more I never
said I love you I'm just joking I love
you Dina
who's ready babe I would need a haircut
oh you're getting haircuts everybody I'm
gonna I'm gonna hack up the Jew who's
ready for eight money nobody's money
times a 1 to 13 no more eight money to
do me gang this is bridging news Hamza
wants to make a really really big
announcement let him make everyone
everyone everywhere a little bit
everyone set of hands up he's gonna make
his announcement tell us a little bit
you know no I know I know yeah you can
tell them good guys I'm thinking on my
shirt again wait really good this dude's
home yeah
50/50 stop stop Dorothy let's load oh
yeah what's it all the haters you want
to be me so far Osito be sure one of the
hem says so hamza said that he lost
weight during Ramadan so he's gonna
start taking off his shirt once again
I'm not going to I kind of missed it but
at the same time I was like what the
heck like man like you how do you get
abs first then you can like you know I'm
gonna lost weight
I don't know what you're talking about
yesterday there should be a luigi's on
an island ice edenia city centre
favorite pet is Santa Claus I know as
you want to see Santa Claus so we told
an aide Ava's gonna be Santa Claus that
our feta calling have you been a good
girl
that means you can have to see Santa
Claus
Oh your mother see what about you my
recipe for you and much brighter
tomorrow
you will see Santa Claus oh oh oh
my absence
kazumi gang I'm stuck here with mauston
hamza and dina AV stuck with Rima Jabez
we both split in half if you go Robin
he's gonna go get a haircut himself and
gives a man a haircut I have to give a
haircut for Monson Hausa myself and
after baby sadena
but my little brother he wants to go
ride my electric bike he got home and he
accidentally broke the whole thing so
now the bike that's completed my stuff
has to take it to the bike shop then I
have to take these kids to the barber
shop that after that I'm free and I am
at home my movie second light will
happen to us
yes secondly what do you mean second one
deeply lavish you shirt it do me getting
look I see you guys doing the handshake
right here hey they're doing a head
shake is lit what's up oh hey hey hey
what's uh what's that ready boom boom
someone tweeted me and said that the
handshake is really hard to do it's not
it's really easy just learn it and it's
the do me a handshake it's really easy I
work he's got a job like this 1 2 3 1 2
chest full flip and that's it you got it
right there guys we just left the bike
shop right here and there's no way to
fix it they say they don't have the tire
they don't got that tire so we need to
see what's up what do you guys doing
are you guys pooping like in southern
Yemen crazy yeah do magic to everyone
that's asking imma give you guys an
update of me traveling in July and
August July 1st to July 10 I'm going to
be in Jairo Egypt El Sahara Jesus I'm so
so excited I am filming the movie that
I'm featured in there the movie that I
was filming in Georgia Kentucky the
Trump rally and everything we're
finishing it up in Egypt Cairo Egypt
July 16 to July 21st I'm going to be in
India New Delhi and Mumbai I never knew
that there's a Duma gank in India which
is insane I'm so so happy shout out to
all the Duma gang and India promise um
see you guys real soon in India there's
going to be a school there's a school
for charity and there's going to be a
grand opening for the school in New
Delhi and they invited me to go there to
be the special guest at the grand
opening of that school so I decided to
go there because it's a school for
charity so I'm going there turn it up
and see what's up and see my Zuni gang
in India July 21st til July 28th I'm
going to be in Sydney Australia working
on a secret project I'm being divided
July 28th to August 3rd or August 4th
also working on my secret project over
there so II just moving India charities
to buy and Australia is going to be
secret project I am NOT doing any tours
any shows or anything like that but I am
thinking about doing a meet-and-greet in
India and Egypt in Cairo Egypt so imma
keep you guys updated with India and
Egypt for the media my battery just died
put on the camera but as I was saying
i'ma keep you guys updated with the
India info and Egypt Carroll info for
the meeting Greece Australia Sydney
Dubai I'm so so sorry but since I'm
doing the secret projects there I've
been told that I have to stay super
low-key so whoever I see I'll see you
guys if I have to say super low-key
because I'm working on something amazing
for you guys the book I'm still working
on I see a lot of you guys asking me I
am still working on it is it easy
writing a book but the book should be
around 2018 or somewhere around that
time because I don't want to just rush a
book I want to take my time and make
good for my heart keep you guys all
updated with that
adieu meeting I am back home and I'm
here to talk to you guys about Jason so
a couple days ago I mentioned in my vlog
why me and Jason do not talk anymore and
I told you guys the reason why it was
pretty much because he had a really bad
record he owed a lot of people money he
didn't tell me that he sold his laptops
it was a couple of my stuff things that
he's done and I was told to like not be
around him because he's really really
dangerous so when I let on my video a
couple days ago I still respected him I
still wanted to see him but he ended up
sending me voice messages really bad
voice messages I did not expect to hear
from him and it kind of broke my heart
because I never knew he would say
something like that when all I wanted
was to help him and all I did was help
but I still didn't want to release the
voice messages that he sent me of him
threatening me but someone sent me this
video of him and he was saying a lot of
lies so I'm just gonna show you guys the
voice messages but first I'm going to
show you guys the video the I saw
apart from today with the level of
ah okay when he said is that yeah
Department for a couple days and then
the landlord comes and kicks him out so
as you guys know assuming I try to
giving him a place to stay and I did get
him a place to stay
as you can see one of my old videos and
at that time when he had the place to
say I was traveling but slim wasn't and
I told slim to take care of Jason see
what he's up to an apartment that I gave
him and I went through a long long
process to try to put it under his name
but then slim and the Landlord they
caught him bringing other homeless
people to the apartment and doing stuff
in the apartment that they weren't
supposed to be doing I don't want to say
what they were doing but they were doing
something that's pretty much against the
law but the landlord found out they
ended up taking him out and also because
he didn't really have good credit to put
the apartment under his name and I don't
really want to put anything under my
name the landlord charge them a fee for
what he did so he had to get out the
apartment I was really really sad mean
slim we're really sad because all we try
to do was help them in see now this is
what gets me really really mad because
he received all the money this is what
makes me want to go to him approach into
his face and ask him straight up my mom
and dad raised me well enough to not
steal from a homeless person to not
steal from anyone I didn't want to
release the voice messages but now that
he put out this video I'm gonna have to
release the voice messages
ah I mean obviously I wanted to help
this guy I wanted to do a lot of things
but I couldn't because of the reasons
that I told you guys a couple of days
ago YouTube my family everyone was
telling me to stay away from this man
because he's really really dangerous and
I didn't believe him I was just like nah
man I gave him so many chances mean slim
we always gave you so many chances like
who cares what they say the past is the
past but the voice messages prove
everything
Oh
you know
I just say you know he was affected
that okay guys go to guys
how I am a very lovely other very
lovingly caring person I'm a very loving
caring person I'm a very lovely caring
person
okay do me yank so talk to me show you
guys the voice messages they sent me
this one is it right here
fucking piece of shit I said you pick
your fucking ranks get the scaling
official fuckin fish stupid fuck Muslim
fuck I'm a fairy
love really caring person my family
heard this message and they all told me
told you Adam told you and I told my
family not okay it's alright but then I
had another voice message taste and
opinion or I've seen your boys act you
yeah what is your reaction feet fuck
with me you're fucking with the wrong
person
stop fucking with me I'm a very lovely
caring person
and that's what I told my family you
guys got it you guys are right
this man just confirmed to me that he is
a dangerous dangerous man and I need to
stay away from him because I heard that
he does know people that do a lot of
dirty work for him like stab other
people so what do me getting now you
guys know and now you guys can tell me
the comments below if I should go to him
or if I still shouldn't go see him so do
me gank that was it once again I'm so so
sorry that you guys had to like hear
this listen to this I always try to stay
away from stuff like this but I had to
show it because he posted this video and
a lot of people who would see this video
without me saying anything that would be
like oh my god
what the heck wow that was the reason
why I had to show you guys the voice
messages and him threatening me cursing
out my religion like he can curse me out
you can try to beat me up you can try to
stab me do whatever he wants to me but
do not curse out my religion if I see
you in the street I see you in the
street I'm just gonna keep walking and
if you try to do something to me trying
to hurt me I will defend myself I
appreciate every single one you guys
thumbs up this video I need every single
one of my ride-or-die to thumbs up this
video once again I apologize to every
single one you guys because I need to
learn and know who I'm going to help up
because they can end up like this so as
I said my other vlogs I'm only going to
help out certain people that I know know
know are good people and help out
charities that I trust and that I love
you do be getting for watching I'm gonna
see you guys tomorrow any demonic once
again I love you guys take care and
peace alone okay fucking all day
killing all night here in a hard way
keep that up and you'll cry yeah that's
what they all say I'm about to go
missing taking out I got myself in this
position
