what's wrong what's wrong with you
relax relax
hello hey guys what's up is do me gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day aguma
gang today was a crazy insane day so the
first thing that I did today is go to a
picture place a passport place because I
am traveling to Egypt India Australia
and Dubai in the next month I have never
seen New York City this crowded I
finally made an escape to here at the
Rockefeller Center I've never seen this
in my life like a balloon
we got I can fellow Center here haven't
been here for so long it's the
restaurant right now it's not by getting
rank but it looks beautiful Rockefeller
Center Plaza we in there this is who is
taking you guys with you traveling show
guys the building where they do the
Jimmy Fallon show
it's where I'm taking my passport photo
of that I'm not getting my passport
photo taken
I'm getting a picture taken because I'm
heading easier around 21 days and I do
not know why they need a picture of me
is it this little prince need to get my
pictures and taking my photo here I am
the Indian deeper enemy sir top male
there
all up
that may take a photo let's build only
going to see only like the betta people
are going to see if I thought it to be
good
he's only good for India you're not all
day you gonna fall hell is so funny hi
guys will find on like our pictures I
made a mistake I wasn't even supposed to
piss it out I'm so just email it to not
not handling it by email this to him not
so you got the photos of my hand maybe I
should like - photo and give it away to
you guys you guys find it so I got done
with that and it went great I am heading
to Egypt India Australia and Dubai it's
confirmed
I also FaceTime stay up today I made a
mistake yesterday and my tweet I said he
graduated kindergarten he graduated from
pre-k I forgot that he's born in January
and the years after which makes him one
year younger than Rima but he graduated
pre-k so say ask congratulations and he
thinks right now that he's done with
school he's done with everything and he
can finally live his life now
what he doesn't know is that he has 13
to 14 years left of school I haven't
broke the news to him I facetimed him by
still didn't break the news and you guys
let me know if I should tell him the bad
news
oh you got the light-up sneakers
you see a light-up sneakers let me see
you light up
let me see hey that's lit
hey I like your hat
you're welcome what happened do me gang
after that I want to have this house
just to check up on the hamster do me
jemelle kept acting brave and saying
that he's gonna carry it he try to carry
it and something insane happened this is
it it's do me again I am with Dina and
Hayley what's up it was crazy
hope you guys Loki look alike right then
which of you was going here on your
birthday I tweeted it I'm put away I've
tweeted it and you look like Xena
everyone say Dina Dina Dina Dina
then again a real sleek right now we
just finished and Instagram live and it
was the craziest thing I was because our
voice would like pitched in the
Instagram I do not know why I hold it in
some mini vlog so let me know if you
guys like that one more instant mini
vlogs let me know tweet me say Oh Adam
do a mini insta and it's a mini vlog and
I'll do like it I'll be at I ran the
plates I don't know how to me
home outside anything yes well I don't
get involved in the green poop is it
they got is a hammer home so Japan and
how many just for the hamster they want
to carry it and I do not know why this
day they're both like really scared
oh I'll try to piece my house and also
Jumeirah announces crush she's another
musically artist who looks just like him
and around age with her name Tiger would
baffle black out come on
so when you first find out about her
maybe like when I hit 20,000 on metrics
when you hit 20,000 so you thought use
at that level to hit roughly she say
that to me mean why should she
she's awake she's way too big role went
addicted you thinking to be hearing at
City milk yeah Matt thinks getting a
three mil ineligible your name she's
it'll drip how do you know he crashing
out there she said that how could she
creaking musically
oh hold on how could you did you look it
up a little then how do you know she
doesn't judge because I keep it out of
New Jersey from my heart is right oh you
watch all that stuff wow really what you
do paper what rock type of rock oh my
god
and I got something you see it what
about the other girls out of junior
matter you oh okay okay okay okay chill
okay so there's none bad number oh my
god when she chose I have so guys has
this vibe together that was just a gym
as
as news every day we gotta get Chiaki
which is related just that really how
you guys first got everyone was asking
every day it's pretty much the same is
just single like a dolly right single
you know me thank you
no need I am single if not from guys let
me know if I should do a vlog I like
having the camera inside with this do
looper yeah like 24 hours like I put a
GoPro five laps yeah that'd be crazy
right and put on time last minute to see
what it does
right at night it never wrong yeah runs
out of those crazy stuff all right guys
we put a treat on your man's hands fever
comes out because they really like they
really don't leave on a Toastmaster you
show up first no Tony I don't mean come
on maneet a zombie comes out with do me
me oh let it go - Oh calm down
what's wrong wrong it's gonna bite the
bitch oh thank you come that's right
relax oh nice like oh my gosh
Oh God literally like one o'clock at
night yeah and like it's really loud
people come in really big like what
about it it's just a baby you're like
yes little babies okay hey guys what's
wrong with you something what you want
to do the man wants a fight do me now
you would have won piloted now fight I
got let's go go
come on a client come on so I did just
have a one-on-one fight okay we're gonna
give them all of us everything okay you
want some water on fight
pretty hands up let's use bike okay this
Brigadoon me why do they come okay bring
you do this
yes bring it do me something you wanna
come too soon so why not by running huh
you said you want one-on-one fight right
he says he wants the one I want to fight
about it and it does he wants a
one-on-one fight
it's right there
a dooming I said stop nice long shall I
calm down
yet even under you so bad it doesn't run
that fast at oh my god I'm about to
fight a hamster guys look I do me so
cute do me so cute man look at him look
at all my god look at that gorgeous
pretty thing I love Italy made me
another treat okay
I'm gonna give it any old tree let me
give it a treat jemelle no tree give me
a treat so now you don't take it out
together bring about bring it back up
bring it back up is this minute go a
twin why am i scaring huh okay show us
our stuff sorry
like come now come down you know what do
you think about your brother hey baby
he's a crybaby hey I'm just I'm dying
like at this day feel a good deed let's
get a deal me bump the love Idina gonna
be scared I love you so much
okay okay the hamsters like nothing
balloons and I gonna do nothing your
mama like you okay
I love being a socialist everything
thank you good
the friend later nice big night why cuz
because a bit on the Jomon yeah that's
one so it doesn't buy a promise it's not
just families going like this it's just
that's it so do you want to carry it
yeah okay okay never mind them okay okay
okay okay what kind of pets do you like
huh
you like Santa Claus oh really that's
your favorite ten o'clock we're going to
make my older brother blinding be a
santa claus okay Mulder brother ava is
going to be Santa Claus cause I'm
sweating so much oh my god I'm looking
like my father Helene man was a crazy
day go imagine be insane and crazy Wow
I think it's a pouch Gina Margaret Hagen
aah Bank nothing to carry Sharon all you
wanna do anything to just add on
something here Jake go boom bum bum bum
bum
whenever I see you guys it's do me again
any time I see you guys
this will give you guys the past if you
guys know the secret handshake
I think Rihan see that I always do from
now on any person I see in the duma gang
I will come to you guys and do the
secret handshake and if you guys know it
that means you are arrived at I do if
you know the tension tension no no you
guys got to know what Nashville like
let's do that thank you sir
naturally I've got an old mattress yeah
that's it well I see you guys I want to
do the secret handshake and you guys
know gonna give you a de d Pat Summitt's
call him yah yah whoa what's up I'll
defend with the big man and you were
slim slim mean it was a friend want to
tickle Stansted Oh bro the hands of and
he would go and crazy like running and
crying yeah bro was all over the floor
like it was so scary
funny man in yeah thumbs no Hannah hi
guys husband hi another plain UFC
tonight almost going to have to put me
to sleep
it was uh picking your nose that's all
on set and go like it has big Deena she
can only see like this Pasadena
Dean
and I have to go like that like 30
minutes and then she finally sleep this
has been like a tradition for like a
really really long time love the other
the viola Vienna so much even though she
are you know just when I know that's
when I saw one the night was over Mina
Mina that not well you heard it
demands heard the voice message that
Jason Stephanie it was I'm still
deciding if I should release they're not
so guys keep me I don't know I think you
guys telling me not to meet him well let
me know if you I was going to hear it I
don't know but because like if he gave
me that and it's kind of like a public
thing from I might as well show it I
don't know do me gang I am back here to
end the vlog I hope you guys all enjoyed
this vlog I tried to change it up a
little bit make it like a little host
vlog let me know if you guys enjoyed it
if you did make sure you but it's thumbs
up and go turkey also with doom again I
think tomorrow I'm going to show you
guys the voice messages of Jason and I
will explain to you guys why tomorrow so
I'm gonna show you guys tomorrow so be
prepared to do me getting on but see you
guys tomorrow
take care and peace I love you guys so
much thank you guys so much for
everything
thumbs up for do me a thumbs up you made
it to the end everyone is watching this
right now to made it to this part thumbs
up I love you guys take care bitch I
like
