I want to show you something through mmm
I want to show you something can I show
it to you now
yeah all right so I got you something
just something something special to me
so it says good
hey guys what's up to do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day the Douma gang
being slim we're heading back to New
York City right now and I have no clue
why I'm wearing a Chicago Bulls kind of
shirt and Georgia we're heading to the
airport right now so i'ma show you guys
some of Georgia so I'll see you guys in
the next shop
okay ready go ready set go keep going
do me gang I am home will you miss it
intro yeah no I can't already started in
truth I already said the intro no any in
there
no Remes not here I am home with the
homie mother losses the eye rima is not
here she's with saya
Reema is not here she is with CF so I'm
stuck with the homie months and I just
landed and I have to babysit this kid
the whole night so I'm stuck with this
brat right here so as you guys know it
is Father's Day today so happy Father's
Day to all the fathers out there right
now my dad is sleeping which is a good
thing me and Lawson we're gonna go and
give him the perfect gift ever and it's
not going to be money it's not going to
be cars because I always give my dad
money I gave him a car and I'm going to
give him a house the other day I gave
him an iPhone 7 plus so I don't want to
give him something that's like money or
that's like expensive just to show that
I love him I'm going to give him
something really simple and it's going
to be the most perfect Father's Day gift
ever and if you guys are watching this
you guys should do it too because it's
going to be an amazing memory what are
you doing huh are you keep hitting me do
I look like a punching bag I feel like
sometimes I look like a punching bag to
my nieces and nephews they just hit me
for no reason especially this dude right
here look like do I look like a tree
anyways me and Watson we're going to go
outside and we're going to go and get
the perfect gift for my father you guys
will see what it is and if you must keep
sending me because he wants to go
outside so we're going to go outside and
see hi guys I'll see you guys in the
next shot you do it
guys no matter how many pairs of Jordans
mustn has that cost hundreds of dollars
he loves to wear his $10 spider-man
glow-in-the-dark shoe and he begged for
them let me to you spider-man you like
spider-man yeah look at him with his gun
he got a gloves it's done
like what the hell guys we're going to
need to get picture not a ball a picture
frame
this is definitely not going to be the
picture I'm going to have is going to be
a dull picture I got so the three things
you need for the perfect Father's Day
gift is afraid so I got frame the second
thing is is a cute picture of you and
your dad so I'm not to print out a cute
picture of me and my dad and the third
thing is is a cute letter and that's all
we're going to get that I'm gonna do it
oh okay fun do that hi guys so I got
everything the amount of time that
people told me happy Father's Day
because they think this kid right here
is my son today just now was like four
times and I don't even disagree because
it's so awkward I'm just like yeah yeah
thank you so much you know my son it's
really amazing I'd rather just say yes
instead of explaining that he's not my
son he's my nephew so let's just say the
past 30 minutes how was it dad do me
gang so I finally made it back home this
was a whole whole mission just to get a
picture a frame in a car bomb assure you
guys what I got so I got this frame and
this picture right here of me and my dad
at the Music City show this just I don't
know I feel like this picture like it
speaks for itself like it means so much
to me the pictures like literally the
relationship of me and my dad I love him
so so much the USA Canada tour I've only
got the official picture so sale on my
Twitter I post a lot of pictures and
give like funny captions on my Twitter
but my dad is here right now to sneak
this in put in the bag and hide and run
in and I got this card that says I
nominate you for father of the year and
inside it says yeah you won
I'm the voters this is something this
something I would do at a nominating my
dad and I'll be the only voter so daddy
I love you so much you always brought me
up when I'm feeling down you always you
know made me feel so good about myself
even though
was the dum-dum bad boy I love you so
much you're my heart you're my
everything and I'm going to give you
your stuff
so that's perfect with that business
waiver huh I had a bagel briefly she can
tell us look as though I'm a composer
like an ascetical slept in here huh oh
maybe she's a meter it condition the
hook hang here first day on today is
happy Father's Day
oh okay appear I love you so much oh
thank you
anytime happy Father's Day so the best
that ever you're like you always make me
feel so good at giving can I can i
classless believe me I don't believe you
I love you so much I'm like I love you
sound like you didn't know that no I
love you more Turkey I love that so much
more and and I just want to say that I
know like I wanted to give you something
you know something that means a lot to
me because before I give you a car I'm
going to get ahead again but don't I
don't know if I need a vehicle
the Yaran are waiting at a house in
shuttle soon then I always give you like
I would give you whatever you want could
you my everything but this this gift is
like something that like I want to have
to meet you okay so huh they deal okay
I phoned to say I have a I have a kid I
am big the baby yeah well I can have it
away
wow if I have a video idea I want to
show me something true mmm-hmm I'll show
you something
my shorty huh yeah all right so I got
you something something something
special to me so it's it's good it's
just mean you you see the friends let's
see it
I mean you so we can hang it up and keep
it on forever for memories like I have a
half of New York's cousin eructation we
forgot yeah it's a New York City show in
the show like yeah I have to do it how
do what it tells it is you have to put
it somewhere Sandman
yeah yeah and I also got you this uh
this card it says I nominate you for
father of the year
and I guess it's well why would my dad
smell it what huh what you left to make
me man and what eunuch realized how I
make you do you love him
do you like it my dad loves the picture
you could only love it because he keeps
staring at it
horizontal man that's you owe me this
picture of his had this picture is a
million okay who here does that stands
him okay when I go what I'm gonna put it
I'm gonna put it somewhere on here so we
can see every day I have to do it I got
it let me do it go again again okay
daddy
you got it yeah we got it
times like this V like daddy oh my god
we made it we made it to the wall 11 oh
yeah yeah I want to pee it is you do me
gagging I want to talk to you guys about
something and this is about Jason
because a lot of you guys have been
asking me why Jason where's Jason so
right now I'm going to tell you guys
what happened to Jason but first I got
to tell you guys that someone uploaded a
video with Jason I don't know who it is
but the whole video seemed like it was
for attention or to create like trouble
or drama so I'm here to tell you guys
what happened to Jason before and if you
guys escalate the whole situation and
let it go crazy because some people out
there I don't know why they always make
the situation
crazier than it actually is so if you
guys do not know Jason is a homeless man
that I met a couple months ago I was
vlogging that day and he was a fan he
was telling me how he's seen a couple of
my videos he made my day so I wanted to
make his day right back so I gave him
$200 a day well then I stayed in touch
with him because he was telling me how
he wants to become a youtuber and I
wanted to make his dream come true by
becoming a youtuber so one day I took
him out I bought him a MacBook
I bought on my camera I even did a
GoFundMe for Jason and Indu me gang you
guys with the help of you guys you guys
raised around six to seven thousand
dollars for Jason which was amazing so
almost every other day when I'm not
traveling I would go and hang out with
Jason check up on him see if he's good
make sure he's the right and a couple
weeks later his money was all and I was
like six thousand something hundred
dollars and I asked him house if you
wanted cash or do you want me to give it
to you like in a bank account or
something he told me he wants it in cash
because he does not have a bank account
right now so I gave it to him in cash he
used the money that you guys say was up
for him for food water shelter a place
to stay and whenever I come back to New
York City from whatever tour I was doing
I would come and check up on him and
make sure if he's ok so then one day
while I was travelling Jason gives me a
call and he tells me that someone robbed
his laptop I got really worried and
scared of him because there's a lot of
homeless people who are hating on Jason
who were jealous of Jason so the moment
I got to New York City I went straight
to Jason I had his back I was trying to
find the laptop thief so then a couple
days later he was telling me that
someone else was trying to rob his
camera so I go meet up with Jason that
day and yeah some cash on him it was
like two or three thousand dollars that
he still had on him and I told him I was
a go make a bank account and put your
cash inside the bank just in case
someone tries to rob you they won't rob
the cash and the money that you have he
kept telling me no he doesn't want to
make a bank account I was looking out
for him I was like yeah a bank account
and hold your money there so no one
would steal your stuff like you can keep
it safe your money is there so he
finally agreed to go and make a bank out
so me and him we go to make a bank
account we sit down in the bank we
talked to the bank people he shows him
his ID they make him a bank account but
then the next morning I got a phone call
from Jason and Jason told me this he
told me that the bank took all his money
and I kept asking him why did they take
his money and he wouldn't give me any
like specific reason so the next day me
and Jason we go back to the bank and the
bank tells me and Jason that Jason oh
them like grands and a lot of money
since like 10 15 years ago so they had
to take the money that he had which was
around two to three thousand dollars and
the bank also told him that he still
owes them money so when that happened I
was really worried because I love the
man I felt really bad but at that moment
at the bank he ended up leaving like
literally sneaking off the bank because
he was really really scared also at the
time YouTube contacted me and they were
telling me how they want to put me like
on The Ellen Show on the Steve
we show because I made basically a
homeless man become a youtuber they were
telling me all these amazing things how
they want to put me like in magazines
how they want to like you know has him
doing this have him doing that until
this happened the same day that the bank
told Jason that he owes them a lot of
money is the same day that the YouTube
worker hit me up and told me about this
one of the workers of YouTube gave me a
call and told me that they cannot move
forward with Jason they cannot move
forward with having you know a show for
him having like putting you in magazine
all these amazing things because they
gave him a background check and they
found out that he has a really really
bad criminal record like it really bad
one to the point where they told me that
I have to be careful when I'm around him
so at that point my heart dropped like
my heart was completely broken I was
literally about to cry because I was
going to surprise do me I'll gonna
surprise you guys about everything that
was happening but when I found out that
he has like a really bad criminal record
and when they told me what he did and
how he took so many drugs than like did
so much stuff before I was really scared
for my safety but I'm not a bad guy so I
went up to Jason I wanted to like speak
to him and like you know clear
everything up I want to know like what's
going on because he never told me
anything about this so I'll go to Jason
and I try to ask him about like his
criminal record and his drug addiction
but he wouldn't tell me anything I guess
he was ashamed or like embarrassed to
tell me about his record or his past but
with me I understand and like I'm really
understandable no matter how bad a
person's past may be I'm still really
really understandable also recently
about six seven days ago I was walking
through 34th Street and this homeless
guy comes up to me and tells me how
Jason owes him money too
so Jason doesn't just only owe the bank
he owes so many people money that almost
person also told me that Jason sold his
laptop to owe someone money and that no
one robbed him for that laptop so that
made me so so sad because I bought him
like a really expensive laptop I was
like $1,200 just for him and he sold
that laptop like not even half the price
just like Oh someone money so I was so
frustrated and I was so confused I
didn't know what to do so I was
literally walking around looking for
Jason and
until this day I still want to go and
meet up with him and see what's up with
him and keep you guys updated with him
even if I have to make my life you know
like in danger even if my family's
telling me not to go meet up with him
because of the criminal violent past
that he's done even if YouTube is
telling me not to be around this guy
because this guy's dangerous and he's
kind of like sick and mentally ill but
that's what happened to Jason I really
hope you guys can learn something like
this because I will never ever from now
on help anyone until I know them like
personally right and this is why from
now on I'm only going to help like
charities and organizations that I know
and trust because I do not just want to
help anyone out there because you never
know what's like going on with them so
that the story so if anyone asks where
Jason do you guys know why bothering
that I'm going to end this vlog here I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog we did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey the theme of today's vlog is to
always show love here that I always show
appreciation to that because the prayers
of your dad is what accepts the most so
always keep your daddy really close to
you so do me gang thank you guys so so
much I'll see you guys on live stream
you now 3 p.m. Eastern Time New York
City time thank you guys so much for
them as far I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care or pitch I love you
