hey guys what's up and do me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day today is day 21 of
Ramadan it's the last ten days and I'm
so so sad because I'm gonna miss ramadan
ramadan has the amazing positive vibes
so almost every year i always make these
types of videos last year i did a video
called miracles of allah i told you guys
a lot of miracles of allah but this year
I'm doing 10 facts about Ramadan the
reason why I'm making this video is
because yesterday I met one of you guys
who watches my videos and this person
was not Muslim but she still asked me
about Ramadan and I was telling her how
I can't eat and drink and when I told
her I can't drink she was freaking out
she was like what I thought you guys
just can't eat and I'm like no girl we
can't drink eat chew gum nothing at all
I feel like there's a lot of people who
don't know a lot about I'm like you know
a little bit of it but I'm here to tell
you guys 10 amazing facts about Romana
after this video we'll be pros at
knowing what Ramadan pretty much is
there are a lot of youtubers who are
Muslim who do not like making videos
like Ramadan related or Islamic related
but for me I don't care because I love
my religion and I love adieu meeting and
I know what do me yang is gonna listen
and be interested and enjoy and have fun
a lot of you guys may know some of the
facts of a lot of you guys still may be
interested to know these 10 amazing
facts about Ramadan so I need every
single one of you guys who are watching
this to thumbs up this video to prove
everyone else wrong because there's a
lot of people as I said who are like all
if you make those videos people are
going to dislike it people are gonna be
like oh my god why are you watching this
so I need everyone who's watching this
to thumbs up this video to prove my
point that it's still a normal video so
normal vlog but yeah let's get to it
10 amazing facts about Ramadan number
one Muslims all over the world
participate in Ramadan no matter what
race what color and what ethnicity you
are they all participate in Ramadan it's
not just Arabs it's not just Dacey's
it's literally all anyone
can be Muslim in the Philippines
Indonesia the Muslims in Australia the
Muslims in Africa even the Muslims who
are Hispanic even the Muslims who are
Chinese the Muslims who are Turkish the
Muslims who are Russian Muslims
everywhere it's not just Arabs number to
new moon determines the start of
Ramallah every single year there isn't a
specific date for Ramadan it's not like
Christmas or Thanksgiving where we know
the exact date like yeah December 25th
every single year it's different and
it's all up to the new moon so when it's
about to be Ramadan people are looking
out their windows to see if the new moon
is ready I don't really look out the
window and see when Ramadan officially
starts I just wait and whenever the TV
whenever my dad or mom lets me know
that's when it's confirmed number three
fasting in Ramadan is one of the five
pillars in Islam and the five pillars of
Islam is prayer the cat which is charity
given charity to the unfortunate Hajj
there has to be one time in your life of
you going to hedge Mecca the Shahada
you saying that it's only one god but
Allah and His Prophet Muhammad and
fasting in Ramadan that's the five
pillars number four the first verses of
the Quran was revealed in Ramadan so
Allah God he revealed the foot and the
first verses in the month of Ramadan
this is why it's so important it's also
number five Ramadan's purpose this is
one of my favorite saying because a lot
of people who are so ignorant it was
like what man you start with yourself
for no reason what you don't eat what
you don't drink I Milan is to remind you
the importance of self-control and to
remind you about the suffering of the
poor and the less fortunate and it helps
cleanse your body and cleanse your mind
it's really healthy to do so if you want
to try it some day you can try it number
six if you are pregnant that means you
don't have to fast I remember when I was
younger I stick a pillow and I put it in
my stomach
nice you like mama I'm pregnant I don't
have to fast right people who are
traveling you don't have to fast women
who are on their period can skip some
days of Ramadan and make up for it after
la mulana children don't have to fast
until they reach puberty but sometimes
their parents like make them do you know
half a day so they can get used to it
and not let it be something that
that are Noah's number a the meal that
you eat taken before sunrise is called
so food and the meal that you eat taken
after sunset is called if spot so
remember that if you're eating after
sunset you could be like yo I'm eating
my stuff if you're eating before the
sunrise you like yo having my food
number 9 if you forget by accident and
eat something or drink something that's
okay you don't get no penalty for that
you can continue your fast also if
anyone is like suffering life of their
health is really bad since they're not
eating you're allowed to eat and
discontinue your fast number 10 you guys
have to know eat eat is when Ramadan is
over and then you have to look again out
your window for a new moon oh my god you
have to be looking out the window all
the time to see what day because a lot
of people are gonna end up arguing over
this day it's 8:00 everyone gets
together family friends and they
celebrate so those were the 10 amazing
facts about Ramadan I really hope you
guys at least learned something if you
guys did know everything you can at
least share the video it's not everyone
about it because there's some people who
don't know much teaching them about
Ramadan and making them know more about
Ramadan it's a really really good thing
so tweet me this video and I'll retweet
your tweets um ZUP do me gang once again
I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video I'll do these types of videos
every time laughs I really hope you guys
enjoyed it subscribe for daily videos
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
pics I like
