I don't know if anyone I have spoken
about it but I'm going to speak about it
right now this issue needs to stop
because it's ruining it's ruining
YouTube
hey guys what stop to do me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so far I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy J adieu me gang
I'm with my dad right now Bob Osama I
was gonna say what's up what's up what's
going on what's going on each other he
was driving we're going to get him an
iPhone 7 because he's my dad
and I love him so much anja man he is
coming to the gym up why do you have a
steep on why do you have a fever because
losing is the low the long if some of
this will be like what you don't trust
your grandpa take off that people
anytime I have a fix on camels or
putting hte conservators I mean can you
gonna put it on okay
you forgot crazy that's why I've never
gotten my license so only get tickets
I'm just I'm just kidding up that's just
my excuse why I don't I haven't got my
license I remember last year I was given
iPhone times at that couple months ago I
was gonna give an iPhone to Jabez NASA
I'm giving an iPhone to my daddy
next week is gonna be probably to a
mommy the week after that's how you give
me to my future wife and then we got the
data finally and then here's my phone
I'll expect a little my soul is all
cracked up man
well I need a fixer ASAP mandala fixing
everyone's going T in summary PMA to my
wife singing ah why are you singing love
alone once back about my dad once other
one fact that you guys know something
about me that I used to be like bad bad
boy like a gangster my dad he's an old G
he's a gangster
tell them how gangster you are you know
is that huh yeah my dad is crazy I think
that's that's why I get it from but now
like we're we're really really nice he I
get it from him everything that I get is
from him looking he loves like family
the family person
it's so nice so humble until this date
my bad side needs to come out it'll come
out for your address phone store right
now give this samsung kies the iPhone I
don't know I my iPhone kind of person
what about you ha your iPhone person
quick stamp on that guy's when something
goes smooth killing it is alright guys I
finally got my dad the iPhone 7 plus he
just saw home because now I have to take
out demands since he's sleeping over my
house for a couple days he's been
wearing my clothes look so I need to get
him a couple outfit so he can looks like
I can't have him wearing my clothes he
looks like I don't know one thing that
makes me feel so so good is when I see
my dad happy when I give my dad stuff
when I show my dad so much love and when
I show my family a lot of love so I love
it so much just makes me feel so good so
they do beginning there's literally
nothing that we can get Forja man around
the area so we're traveling like 20
minutes away to get you man and dog
outfit it looks like this right now
mama gamba dope after you can looks like
having combos with Japan it's the
funniest thing ever especially with all
of the Adams family like rima times a
Tyler since they're really young and
they're kind of known in their area on
this school or wherever they go wedding
they bump into a lot of you guys and
then they come back home and whenever
they see me they tell me the story and
it's so funny Japan has a store right
now he's going to tell you guys post I
love
come on take now in the park you must
avoid your logs blazing you gotta stand
enough fire up and I will take him now
right here what huh
what were you doing I would say from
yelling the price you've taken out I was
hanging out oh you were hanging out with
who you know me and my friends and
during his friends he said um trav I
remember Oliver - no with a nice old
irate they give him a fake number
what kind of lover did you give him in
choice big little slice
so fan is asking German for my number
and in the beginning he said no then
after that he realized that that person
is a fan and he realized I would tell
him be nice defense so he went up so
saying he was like no no I'll give you
his number and he gave them a fake
number
I can imagine the fan right now calling
that number like heartbroken and shocked
like what the heck by the way it's day
20 of ramalon which is insane
time is like flying I've ever wanted a
one time slides it's fast the table
really really fast it's crazy and it's
really really scary like to think of it
like wow like time goes by I can't
believe it so fast of 24 demands
freaking 8 I remember when he was like
born I remember seeing him born I don't
know man but time just needs to like
slow down a bit because it's going way
too fast of it can't be quick can what
King King Steve plank can you drink the
pork what the hell be mean like this
Reigate drink like this and babies work
you know how for this story
I can't drinks before I was diet can
drink me pork what survived you some
weird stuff but um
the new said can drink deport I'm glad
it's kind of a good question but it's
not technically like pork but drinks can
be hot on drinks that alcohol in it is
not allowed in Islam it's hot on okay
everybody that's not work I'm like it
it's kind of like port
I seriously don't want to answer that
question I tried my best I tried
guys like these it a real tough grader
that little cuba three months he must oh
my god this is so key
I always go to pet stores and like pet
the dogs in cash but never get one maybe
when I get our new house I'll get a dog
or a cat maybe a cat inside and maybe a
dog outside protect us you know just in
case any haters come through
I'd be like dogs don't get them you find
haters sure all couldja valid be like
fight it my man German - - Reina she get
this on air for girls to see turbo
finally found a place that has gym as
sighs I got finally done shopping
Japan's got the dopest stuff I hear that
look who came here we're having like a
big business meeting right now and these
people were like oh I'm never bringing
that guys I'm gonna tell you guys the
next shot what's going on but something
huge is happening do me gang something
really really random just happened I
forgot that I had a business meeting so
I had to drop Jamal off all the way to
his crib and I have to go to my business
meeting and I went to our business
meeting with Rima Abe and Mawson and I'm
going to tell you guys why at the end of
the slide why we all want to a business
meeting but I wanted you guys to teach a
man when he's fragile just lost in cat
lollipops from the meeting we had I
realize how did you get wrong so when
you threw up even hours guys I want to
see how a nice month in is I'm going to
ask her for a lot of fun muffins
can I have one lollipop oh you so sweet
I want the red one okay already
red right the red yes yeah thinking of
what's not be do me yang I am home I
just got done eating this pond
I haven't blogged myself eating it's
loud because I've been so hungry lately
I've been forgetting to get my camera
and vlogging what I eat for stuff that's
how hungry I've been getting lately
because it's been so hot in New York
City I've been getting dehydrated but
anyways I want to talk to you guys about
the meeting that I had today because it
was a very very important meeting it's
like one step closer for me into buying
the house with my whole family as you
guys know I've been telling you guys
that I'm gonna buy a house for me and my
whole family really really soon and it's
not that easy
in New York City because you can't just
come up to them and be like hey I want
to buy a house that's how I pretty much
went up to them but New York City it's
like a whole process and it takes really
long after today's meeting it was one
step closer that's why I'm so happy I'm
so excited
I couldn't really vlog at the meeting I
was at so I'm here gonna tell you guys
because this is like a really big
achievement for me I finally approved
into buying a house so right now it's
pretty much official we're going to look
for a house so whichever one we choose
that's the one that we're going to be
going so we're going to go visit it and
that's the one that we can officially
get because I've been approved in New
York City to the process of you being
approved and that finally happened that
hand elasticity is like a big it may not
be a big deal for you guys or anyone out
there but this is a really big
achievement for me because that takes a
really long process well and not that
long but it's really hard to get
accepted into having a good name
especially here in New York City and I
finally got it like they spoken to me
they're like your credit is good you've
been approved now all you have to do is
choose a house and that's pretty much it
so I cannot wait I cannot wait to take
you guys on the journey with me it's
still going to be a couple more business
meetings to speak about and after that
I'm finally moving out with my whole
family and it is going to be crazy crazy
live
yes I just want to say thank you guys
for the bottom my heart for bearing with
me and for sticking by my side because I
promise you guys it's about to get
crazier but yeah that's what the meeting
was about also another thing that I want
to talk about this is really really
random I have my laptop right in front
of me right now
any video that I upload on youtube this
is like a big issue on YouTube that
needs to be sad I don't know if anyone
like I have spoken about it but I'm
going to speak about it right now this
issue needs to stop because it's ruining
it's ruining YouTube every single video
that I upload almost every single video
that I upload every single day there's
these weird weird comment like the most
random dumb comments I kind of ruin the
comment section I want my comment
section to be about you know do me yank
talking about the video you guys
interacting with me but it's not
it comes with comments like this i'ma
show you guys and it doesn't just happen
to me it happens to many other youtubers
but I don't know if they've ever spoken
about it by always block these people
because it's like it's like a spam
comment this is one of them it says if I
hit 3 point 4 K subscribers I will slap
my teacher like what look like first of
all why would you slap your teacher
second of all like least like whoops
here's another comment this is one of
the worst because they pretend to be me
this says Adam Sala have logged says I
have a surprise for you and it has a
link and has 845 thumbs up in one in one
minute not even I get that when I really
write it myself so I don't know how they
put 845 thumbs up on it and there's a
link on it a click so please do me if
you have a scene I'm looking in the
comments do not click that link that is
spam that is not me I always liked them
but they come back again and again and
again and it's so annoying man
essentially ruins the YouTube comments
because it filled all the top comments
it's filled with spam like this there's
more like I'm gonna give you guys more
another ones I have a small surprise
view there's one that says high one like
it was kiss my crush one Sun equals Mary
crush ignore equals lonely that's one of
the top comments that has nothing to do
with any of my vlogs like why is that
there I want you I want to see you do me
I don't want to see spam when I see spam
is just it kind of ruins the vibe so I
block it again and I delete it but then
it comes again there's another one look
at this this one says sub get kissed by
a crush like me Adam Saleh ignore bad
luck forever
seriously it's insane how much for
another one I jumped off my roof in my
recent vent like what what what the heck
this thing is like why what would why
and the only way you can stop is with
you guys a do me yank you guys thumbs up
each other's comments the good ones do
not thumbs up
always thumbs down these spam comments
because I might not be around to block
them or to remove them because I don't
want to see spam in my comments I want
you guys to thumbs up amazing positive
comments I'm not even going to continue
showing more comments because there's a
lot and you guys probably do see them so
I want you guys to leave a comment below
right now of anything positive anything
amazing that's that's about the vlog
thumbs up another comment that has
nothing to do with spam so we'll have
any more spam comments because I believe
I black maybe like a thousand of these
spam and they continue coming on and on
it's like I'm making a video for you
guys to write dope comments and for
those to be the positive comments do me
next so thank you guys so much for
everything I do mean I appreciate you
guys so so much for being patient with
me
and yeah let's see that positive comment
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and pitch I like you allow you
to be a
