hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day car passed
through a car passed through okay no
noise do me a
I'm leaving to the UK tomorrow because
Birmingham I'm gonna see you guys March
10th which is the same day my world tour
tickets come out watching up the world
tour for the UK for East Asia and
Australia another car passing through so
make sure you guys get your tickets
that's when it comes out March 10th 6
p.m. UK time you do not want to miss it
and also the day after is gonna be
Instagram famous so make sure you guys
subscribe and stay updated another car
let's count how many cars are here
passing Drupa pass through another car
passing through another car so don't
forget to subscribe and put your
notifications on that's for cars as I
was saying do not forget to subscribe
and stay updated for everything that's
about to come with that being said it do
me game that's the fifth card I'm about
to go eat some brunch with slim and East
um six cars so I'll see you guys the
next shot do me a see bye guys for our
brunch and slim chooses our brunches all
the time it's subway it's pretty good so
you don't look too happy in a subway
he's not like he's not very new he
doesn't know I know the guys ordering
slim is ordering like a complete idiot
I'm not even joking like an idiot add
some lettuce yet more than one that is a
little more
and you can shop all day somebody doing
a man put the steak right there you
going me some mayonnaise yeah yeah hey
something up ahead push you're folding
in so funny ha ha be huh means like
embarrassing it like some is it
embarrassment to be right but it's funny
like I love and being around them you
know saying thank you see some people
appreciate me on there and some of us
you know some is already eating some so
I got a cake for that first look yo man
it's embarrassing I'm eating
I heard him watching online so i'ma go
say hi to him let's see this is excuse
me sir Oh what are you watching
huh that's cool so while Lego say I do
boys oh good children bro I heard
waynetech and I was I was eating out
like yeah yeah I'm fine
no way much of a chance you guys in
Arabic right there way from philosophy
policy chatter Caesarea I appreciate it
man thank you guys so much
mommy I appreciate of me thank you
yo guys it's time he's gonna vlog his
loss what somebody think same W my dad's
was good at this oh my god yo I'm gonna
get one of you guys what do you guys
want these headphones on the first
people the first thing first what's a
fire stick knowing I like beating on
your TV and then you hack it and hacking
you just mod it or whatever you get all
movies free every movie that's on the
internet you get what that I don't know
so much should I get fire stick we'll
just we skip to grab a Kindle we can
read books no bro I don't read Shih Tzu
hi guys it's time
the fire cigar in the fire six watch
movies
ready hi guys you guys gonna have to
look at this ready okay thank you
you check out - Ariano Casio 14 second
30 SEC 12 the letters will help me what
should I go do I go down how do I go
down I can't go that I gotta go up how
are you hi guys so I took that l man I'm
sorry man I'm sorry I'm a daddy you got
a city I'm not is that my fault I was
meeting like a man asking for a neighbor
you were so so sweet and you made my day
so I'm yeah I'm sorry I take that
element
you know what the sound is speechless I
wasted a dollar item I'm sorry man I'm
sorry guys I just got home I'm with
Austin right now but Mawson he doesn't
wanna listen to you man he doesn't want
to come down come down Moses son come on
stop being a baby yes you are come down
he's running away from you later
where the hell is he man Marcin Marcin
where's Mawson huh Wow let me sit down
over here I would love to sit down why
do you keep messing with me huh why huh
why you baby yes you are baby yeah big
baby yeah big baby
no so what so what are you Wow guys
where's Mawson where is he why would you
kick why would you kick me why'd you
take the camera huh
man what the heck is this Tom and Jerry
deuces I'm out you man no damn guys I
would three mommy ma Sally how are you
good Rima tell you something yeah all
right okay I love you guys I think I am
I have to say it man i'ma have to say it
look he's trying to get my attention
Rima I'm gonna calling the ear first and
I'm gonna tell it to Mawson okay cuz
he's probably gonna get mad oh my god oh
my god what do you think know if you can
I'm gonna try to get mad I don't think
he's gonna cry he doesn't care about me
Rima only you care about me Rima only me
and remember we have the amazing
memories and stuff monsen bites me all
the time
so I think it's time for me to tell him
that it's over should I go tell him huh
you think so what make up with him I
said break up with all right come with
me come on too hard not too hard of you
come with me hold up hold up all of Rima
what'd you say you wanna what yeah like
I'm trying to get my attention you want
to watch them play games yo they're
playing a four night mudgy what the heck
yo slim is right man this gaming thing
it's like a sight man this is what i'ma
break up with this do they believe oh
yes the whole Adams Tommy Wright
brothers all fingers oh no you need the
apps the bad rain is coming
yo do me a minute I think the severe
baby needs to come thumbs up if you guys
think the severity needs to come right
now I need to tell them the news we're
gonna tell them that I'm breaking up
with him let's do happen if I say that I
love Rima more than him let's see this
hold them we gotta move
we want to talk to you you want to tell
you something just do it is crazy man
oh he does freakin mess with us man is
that all you do stay here you're held
hostage now alright so what's wrong with
you huh Charlie what are you doing
what why are you stressing me so much oh
god man dude it's not funny yet this
dude what do you do come guys we finally
got mus and come to his senses and chill
out and now it's the news that I'm gonna
tell him I have to tell him man all he
does is mess with me all he does is make
me chase him all he does is make me cry
and make me sad guys look I'm trying to
give him like therapy to stop hating
Muslims it's not hey stop hitting with
his hand
stop hitting % no hitting with the city
needs this over a banana like it's not
shine hit me
what is that you need to stop a this
dude doesn't care leave my hand leave
now you're in trouble mister guys i
legit had enough of this I'm gonna speak
to Moxon stop get back here I'm gonna
speak to him as a parent okay look don't
move look now he's in big big trouble he
thinks everything is a joke it's not a
joke
look at me monster sit down sit down I
need you to sit okay listen to me listen
are you gonna listen no you have to
listen
oh my gosh why is it doing so bad stop
no throwing stuff one thing I noticed is
that house mustn't takes everything as a
joke and it's kind of really bad because
everything everything is a joke look
awesome
we're listening be good look Muhsin so
house responds no smacking well stronger
shoes huh what's wrong what's wrong with
you mustn't stop Muhsin
okay you know I'm gonna tell them I'm a
ton of this I'm a ton all right guys I
think I'm gonna have to tell them this
because maybe if I do he'll stop okay
Moulson
you know what I like her even more she's
gonna save my Adam Lester my Rima Wow he
does not KITT let's do it and he knows
how to open the door you know that a lot
he doesn't care he's in big trouble and
what what is that it's a child a doobie
gang just call 20100 help Morrison or
just leave a comment below let me know
what should i do should not bring out
this super nanny cuz I've had enough
enough is enough
he's a troublemaker and I can't I can't
take it anymore
yo guys slim is playing for night right
now they just played duel he some got
six kills every day no wait there slim
was playing let me die Oh miss let you
just been he's missing he's been he's
been in this little house for thirty
minutes for like at least ten minutes is
no no I did that's why he's gonna lose
watch this right now oh come on swing
one person left
come on one person look oh yeah one
person look boom he's in there he's in
there come on right there see him I see
him he's building again he's building
last person you know say for Nike do me
gang I'm back home I just had a two to
three hour work I already know what do
me gang guns it's coming up the
quickness the power every time so do be
gang I'm gonna end the vlog II I hope
you guys enjoyed this blog if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey I'm heading to Birmingham
tomorrow hopefully I can catch my flight
because it's gonna be like a big big
snowstorm like 20 inches man New York
City what's up I really hope it's not
fun in the UK I can't wait till I see
you guys it's gonna be a crazy time now
do me gang made you guys subscribe put
your notifications on I'm gonna see you
guys tomorrow
take care pics I love you
a man I love early
