yup it's open guys how many losses by
the messin got five and already makes it
hands lift like you can't look you got a
fat chick
hey guys what's up for dunya and I hope
I'll have you in business
I'm having an amazing day so I'm burning
in business you are hey hey hey this is
Lola
oh well demand is back I miss them so
much
we're going to start off the day here
and hey but first of all happy birthday
hi guys we're gonna go check up on the
hamster so far the name is not decided
yet can be excited jump jump no cha cha
this is a chakram style we're going to
decide at the end of the vlog so let's
see how look who we have here
look who's up
Dina Princess Dina ever see there for so
long I'm missin my baby I missed you so
much - hi - hi Carol
yeah hi hey tired mmm okay mmm ah it do
me gag this is insane look at this there
was no breading in here or food but this
hamster it brought up the breading and
the food all the way to here I brought
it up from down here it would go up and
bring it up all over there and this is a
baby hamster this is a powerful baby
hamster look at it strong how can I
bring all this in there jemelle what do
you think of it I think it's nice and
powerful you like eating is cute goobie
get you guys ready
this is going to be the first time ever
two days past we're finally going to
take out our hamster hi guys we have a
little cute Adumim or sandy right here
all right who wants to carry the first
we're going to take it out and you got
to carry it yeah yeah obviously what do
you think area just like this yeah it's
not a ball to play with
we're gonna take it all with the carrier
me good job my teeth came out great
you want to touch it
what all right guys we're gonna put in
here so we all can pet it and just hang
out with it and chill it it so you guys
ready yeah your look you got it
we got a little bigger way yeah baby
this is a breeze none of the boys here
you can now better go slow
can I come he's good like you got pretty
good and like too easily fed again and
then scared beyond even if you cut it I
don't know me but it loves you more
Robin okay good job yeah man
Lucy we may seem I don't do that pedal I
got it
whoa this year was good look at his cute
cleaning this off what is he eating it
but don't touch it
mother-father stop doing that man once
it does it so bad he hit it so hard
let's go there revenge the sauce okay oh
the result on him ah it's morning it
finally bucks a shot whoa stop Martin is
not a toy Vina don't be scared you good
sister handy yeah only our babies man
only Harlan is cutie look at you you're
cutie oh he's cute you mighty love it
you don't have it - yes I - alright guys
that was the first time ever where we
take it out we pet it played with it it
was so so fun I had this so nice it does
not bite I hope it still doesn't bite
when it gets like a little older but
it's really really good right now but
since I'm often is being so bad we're
about to go outside right after we
finish feeding it some cabbage workers
in fact Cole told us to feed it cabbage
with some some of this powder that I
gave us the war had any like diarrhea or
anything don't do it don't do it
we love you Martin it's such a bad boy
so since he's a bad boy this is what
we're gonna do we're gonna go to Party
City we're gonna buy you guys don't know
what we're gonna do if you guys ready
sure about be crazy you sure you know
your muffin
it wasn't the story innocence I we're
about to buy a lot a lot a lot of helium
balloons we're going to see if it can
make must and fly up you have to be like
I believe I can fly
hi guys we're about to order so many
helium balloons right now I was like
we're going to have so many helium
balloon like really really big one ready
to man
filling it up right now about to get
crazy huh oh my good man is not fasting
what are you so why are you bitching on
him I didn't have to be you'll have this
one mega hit look at look at give us
please see like this I'm just loving it
I look so far distance Wow hey what are
you doing okay hi guys what's taking so
long helium balloons so like still up
because we're doing it we're getting a
lot because we're trying to make mauston
flying see if it can actually make him
fly so so since it's taking a while
we're going to do the bean boozled
challenge I can't do it
Tyler can't do it Hamzah can't do it cuz
we're fasting so these three kids we're
gonna make them taste nasty bean boozled
since they're not fasting want to go
first
Wow
Yunnan that seems people you having
ended I really go first Angeles and
Lawson okay well how about this y'all go
at the same time okay no way melon okay
I also have all got turns up the green
ones are they going to be juicy pear or
booger
so all three of you guys got to go at
the same time go eat it it is
but I come up nigga that look move okay
yes muslin
I think love the look you got a good or
but he's just pretending and acting like
that eat it mother don't put a bag thank
you cause what you guys get for not
fasting all three of you okay you guys
okay you guys are ready for round two
yeah hi this is round two it's the
rainbow looking one to get it everyone
get one either going to be stinky socks
or tutti-fruitti so idiot no you idiot
Muslim anyone yeah and welcome to Marty
to go do you buddy Revis sick
Travis let me go fast if you're passing
you can see never been doing it more of
a balloon of being blown up which is
crazy this is taking so long
love it are you ready to fly be sure I
headed to the heart let's do it
yes it's funny but you're really up some
kind of weirdo everywhere I go he was
just looking at me like I'm a widow hold
on back I'm holding up yeah
I'm not even joking
this thing was like really really
heavier it took me some power to hold on
to this and my arms are like really
really sore people are looking at me
right up you want to but your borrow
this
of a picture yeah yeah so what's the
picture with the balloons is how crazy
you lose yeah come on okay come on your
birthday yeah this is okay thank you
don't tell mouthing off over here hold
it really tight okay Wow
let's go wow this is this thing look at
that Instagram photos I'm so tiny I'm
gonna keep this wide
hailer what do you think is gonna happen
thank you very much the little in there
so they come back down right reven what
do you think gonna happen being a fly or
not I think skin sounded Muslim what you
doing gonna happen alright you gonna fly
them out what you think will happen if
it makes me plan I think you did a
flying high that's fine all of the to by
the way this is like wow what are you
gonna have a Honda is that he's gonna
fly was just like six balloons because
it's the first one she just took up his
hand I love how he's giving me his hand
like go
no fall balloon is
guys for balloon so far we have like a
lot more to go
guys how many losses 5ms one got five
and everybody makes it hands less like
you can't you gotta fetch it are you
guys ready guys ready
i--listen replies right all right
you did a blog thanks he didn't fly up
guys all these balloons didn't make them
fly Martin is one strong homie you're
lucky that's oh my god no Lucy that's
not funny oh my god it's look no a
freaky balloon no Wow
most of all you do this Martin you
deserve to fly with these balloons I
guess this is meant to be the place
Party City these were the only amount of
balloons I had it was like 20 something
balloons if it would have had more maybe
it would have made him fly that
experiment was a fail everyone let's go
if not now I'm hungry right but thumbs
up if you guys still enjoyed it thumbs
up do me gang if you still enjoy this
trying I'm done what are you doing he's
what'd he do he's purposely he's
provoking wanted to fly
so what they give it a balloon you have
a lot so you guys Rima so sweet
wants to try to throw away his balloon
so she ended up giving it someone else
who looks exactly like Steph Curry's
daughter guys if you guys do not know
Dina has a big phobia of balloons like
she gets so scared of balloons it's like
it's like one of those shows that people
get scared but Dina is legit escape
she's 4 years old she's legit scared of
balloons I don't know why like is it the
balloon try to make her overcome she hit
me so hard you know just a balloon below
the beginning again
keep tight a little close up don't bring
the balloons out huh I can't take this I
like babysitting the kids be not scared
of balloons balloons balloons away now
I'm Austin wants to play with the
balloon so he's crying and Dina's not
trying to eat him ok the blows are gone
you okay
just balloons okay okay what is gonna
balloon son you don't mind balloons you
don't like it no bills not good okay I'm
never gonna baby it do me gang we got
the winner of today is Carla Carla or
gal congratulations on winning you book
it is really late right now it's like
2:00 3:00 a.m. I'm bout to Easter hood
but the winner is Carla around gel
medium and hold it you hold one side
hold on tight ready there closer closer
right here thank you so much Carla I
appreciate it and we love you so so much
I hope you guys are enjoying these dumb
blonde vlogs I just want to say that it
takes so much so much work doing these
Ramadan vlogs every single day huh
losing voice why you think you're
working hard you think you're working
hard I'm working hard too but I promise
you guys that I'm not on livestreams
will be really really soon I finally fix
you now I couldn't fix the YouTube
livestream so in a couple days expect a
nice you know maybe sometime next week
the beginning of next week so I'm really
excited for that
dumi get you guys enjoy this video make
sure you give it a thumbs up turkey
means you matter we're gonna go to sleep
we love you guys so so much and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
take care yeah bitch I love you I love
you I love you let me stare
