going alone I'm going to walk Reba why
he's gotta come Reema you can have
better be on my way
today was muscle turn to dance hey guys
what's up ado me game I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so as finally today you
are having an amazing happy I missed you
so much and I'm gonna miss him so so
much muffin guys I have bad news for you
guys what I haven't told my family well
I thought my found I haven't told remark
and ear rimas getting with higher is
toll about bangin have you sever bad
news and he's like really saying no but
I haven't told Riemann muffin this news
alright guys the first thing I wanna say
is I love you Rima and I love you muffin
you love you back
I love you too no no help me get off me
okay if you just want to say I love you
to get off me
okay says okay monkey sit down monkey
y'all monkey sit down hi guys but
seriously I'm gonna have to you guys
some bad news it's bad news for you guys
but it's good news for the people that I
will meet there all right guys the truth
is and the bad news is is that I'm
leaving home for 10 days and I'm going
to Egypt but I'll be back after 10 days
and I know you guys always like hate it
when I leave unless you guys to come
with me
and I know you guys hate it when I
travels when I'm far away you guys get
to miss me and I miss you guys so much -
I just want to tell you guys that that's
the bad news
why you said you know any in this
country
I know rema but the thing is happened
like randomly like they told me last
minute I need to go to Egypt
okay I'm coming with you no oh no I'm
going alone
okay I'm going alone I'm going go Reema
why do you say that come Reema remarked
look I can't least add you got it Reema
Reema give me hug gun oh sorry I'm sorry
smile I told her that I'm never leaving
and I'm gonna stay with her back this is
my fault
this is marvelous hold her like in the
beginning of Ramadan I mean it stay
forever with her and all of them and now
that she knows I'm leaving I had to
break it to her because I didn't want to
just leave like I didn't want to leave
her like keep her like I don't know like
thinking but okay look I'm gonna come I
love it flick-flick I'm gonna go for 10
days and we come back fast let me give
you some presents in there what are you
open there now tell me whatever you want
from there and I'll give it to you from
there okay let's get discover nothing
you don't want anything come down give
you toys or something I'm gonna go there
only for 10 days I promise I'm getting
back fast is going to fly those time is
going to flood just one I love you I'm
gonna FaceTime you every single day
you're my everything and like Reema give
my number you might be to read my favor
I love you so much
coming up look mother once then stop
mustn't come up you tears come right I
feel so bad I'm so sorry this is my
fault completely my fault you guys can
beat me up I'm sorry I told it I'm not
going to leave the country I forgot that
I told that I just said that because she
always asked me if I'm leaving or not
and she hates it so much you only like
when she comes with me on tour or
anywhere I go because she's seriously
like she's like my other half Remo's
like my everything I love her so much
she's my baby no matter what age she is
she will always be my baby you'll always
be forever Tremont smile oh I love you I
want you to leave sorry okay come on
give each other I love you remember what
be tears be happy I promise it's gonna
be ten days then I'm back okay no I
won't five days I can't see five days
even I'm gonna come back they got me for
ten days they wanted me to say ten days
but I don't know I don't hold it
one that isn't a tenday I don't know
everybody they wanted me to ten days so
I'm gonna be back to an A&R I swear I'm
not Ramallah today and you're laughing I
see you we were one last ten days at
wallah sweat candy I'm not joking
Kanta who do you recall dad - um hey
Tony - straight and a ream of takes
everything that prank one last not
apparently but look I'm telling you this
from straightening I'm leaving for ten
days to Egypt I love you so much I love
you Reba I love you more Reba no I love
you more I love you more I love you or I
love you or I hear this is what I love
about Rhema me and her can just like
tell each other I love you more no
matter what age is really turning six
and muffin I don't think has ever told
me I love you at it he's such a he plays
hard-to-get but I know he loves me but
Wow he always tries to get my attention
I know he does but tough love stop
talking because ready I'm gonna do some
push-ups ready murmuring oh la la la la
ready set go
one two three four maybe hit back six
seven hey good 11 swell 19 20 22
Rema fuck Liam tell them bye and tell me
bye
but why do you have a goal this is like
you go go get out of here now I'm gonna
miss you guys and everyone here is gonna
miss you drunk most of the time to give
you guys kissing keep doing this you got
it oh my god how many kisses do you so
many kisses you messed up my camera
already kids they're okay I guess so
you messed up a last kiss
I'll see you guys the next I love you
guys like it do beginning I'm into over
I just got a haircut I'm running late to
my flight my plays at 6:30 and right now
it's around 5:20 and I'm around five
minutes away from the airport so I
really hope I'm making my man right here
we can help you make it go really fast
thank you so much from me away from from
kind of gun nice got it again I'll
forgiving
nice I want to go to Ghana you guys have
good food and Ghana oh nice honey I'm
very nice so do you think I would make a
flight I know I'm 17 now so I think you
can make it I think so because if it's
under our I'm not going to make it over
an hour I'll make it do me gang I made
it to my flight I'm at my gate at hazard
lat oh my god I was so close to miss you
guys swear to god I was so so close
the huge shout out to Egypt there for
letting me in because I was left in an
hour way out like 59 minutes away I'm
uploading it black for you guys for
tomorrow because I already know each is
probably going to have slow Wi-Fi look
at this three minutes for tomorrow's
like let's go but it's like bus
uploading two minutes and I'm heading to
Egypt let's see how we go
I finally made it I made it I make you
know I decided just to know your name
because we have the next head 11 hours
together folks we should become friends
soon because yes I don't let me mom me
my home and I made a flight I've made it
in also coconut here one big one yeah
I may read 5 hours so you came excellent
and here you are kind of Arab comes mr.
that early your Gmail I give you respect
to this I've this eye cream first like
they did you keep on lastly no none are
you good man you go which I don't know
what turn up you know they're me my man
was coming with me and mimei Ahmed let's
turn up over here Egypt's my second
Psalms line we Egypt there and so far
they've been really really cool and
there's some some airlines they don't
allow you select film one of them he
deserve and Akuma is there relax there
comment on things like they got like a
huge jump
what do you think I'm
America yeah I know it's been molested
yeah let's guys I was going to rush so I
got myself some shrimp tempura push your
old I got a banana
I got me shit and I'm ready to munch on
the 10-hour flight oh no no my guys are
speaking to the home Yacktman right here
with 14 years old and he's flying alone
I'm like where's your parrot how you fly
the mother in here right now they
supplied it
no way am i selling dope puppy any
father the five cents
I just made it to Cairo but let me tell
you guys in those I'm going first to a
different city in Egypt for the first
two days because we're filming the movie
was first to the at the beach and the
rest of the movie is going to be in
Cairo I am so so excited all the
producers all the people that are
traveling with me
that are in the movie or with me and
it's insane it's happening I'm about to
meet up with Nas right now it's the next
day so I'm going to end the vlog here
I'm sorry to end it with a cliffhanger
but tomorrow you guys will see Egypt and
whichever city I'm going to be at and
I've said I'm going to be in Cairo and I
will tell you guys all the information
for the meet in Greece but I'm going to
end of lag here so do me gang if you
guys enjoyed the vlog make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go turkey thank you
guys so much for coming with me I
appreciate you guys so so much none of
this would have happened without you
guys so dooming yang thank you guys so
so much i'ma see you guys tomorrow
in Egypt take care and well I am in
Egypt right now by my see you guys
tomorrow in like outside this is the
airport logic okay I mean you just I
can't believe it and I have cousins who
live here in Cairo and visit them so
yeah I'll keep you guys updated see you
guys at the beach tomorrow and then
Cairo in two to three days take care and
pick a lane oh hey I'm gonna do highways
do the food chains and hit the highway
now make up a buddy I can call a lot
babe I just gave my new tank there on my
way
