pretty mom I got you a big surprise what
guess what it is
a Barbie
hey guys what's up and do me dang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
for having my because you're gonna save
me guys he knows that the teacher is
gonna come here in a couple hours
I think either his mom or dad told him
that get ready the teachers going to be
here
and the teachers always here for a
couple hours so she always like I don't
know he just hates it he's one to have
fun at home but same time he needs to
get education and learn but he hates it
so so much I get only two and he already
hates school do you love school
he loved teacher yeah why like those
tears do you love logging yeah you're
like vlogging hi guys so today is gonna
be a really really fun day we're going
to go outside shopping and I'm going to
do something really really crazy as
usual I'm always doing mmm I'm always
doing something crazy every single day
plus I want to tell you guys something a
lot of guys were tweeting without me
even saying anything nominating me for
the Teen Choice Awards I just want to
say thank you guys so much I appreciate
all your love and everything like voting
for me nominating me without me even
saying anything there's a lot of new
subscribers probably around a million
new subscribers from last year you're
gonna say well you just use me to make
him smile relief gosh hey can we do that
they don't make me smell if as I was
saying please do not nominate your vote
for me for Teen Choice Awards if it's
something else I don't mind but Teen
Choice Awards nope and I'ma tell you
guys why because last year you guys are
dooming and you guys went crazy turkey
like lot you guys voted so many times
day and night you guys didn't even sleep
voting non-stop every single second to
the point where I was like first place
on Twitter and when the nominees came up
I wasn't even in the nominee like I
didn't even when I wasn't even in
denomination
to CBS because I was literally number
one on Twitter I was a top one on
Twitter and for me to not be nominated
just shows that it's rigged and that's
the team choice the teams don't choose
they choose it themselves and they use
people's fan bases to I don't know to
get I don't know like people going and
watching their stuff plus I saw Shane
Dawson's video on the Teen Choice Awards
he exposed them big time and that was
like that was like the icing on the cake
so thank you Shane Dawson for showing
that to me thank you to me Aang for
nominating me but do not nominate me for
Teen Choice Awards if it's for anything
else I will do it I don't care and if
you guys do not know I make my own vlogs
I edit my own lives no one edits for me
I do my own shows I have my own merch
I pretty much have like everything on my
own like I'm a self-made person on
YouTube no one really like the only
people that help me is obviously my team
like not some helped me out that my
family will help me but there's no one
obviously my partnerships who helps me a
lot I don't have like YouTube workers to
edit the videos for me I don't have like
YouTube awards to give me an award to
make me look like I'm successful cool I
can be successful on my own I handle at
and I just want to thank a do being a LA
and my family for bringing me where I am
today and they're sold out and a lot of
you guys always have fun and we've never
really had any complain in the shows
that you guys come just proves that do
me gang don't need nobody all we need is
ourselves a lot of my family and you
guys that's it well we're going to be
taking over I don't need no Teen Choice
Awards no other youtubers to show me
that I'm cool or anything like that
achieve your own dreams do not I repeat
do not rely do not rely on other people
or other things to to make you be
successful rely on yourself and that's
what I do that's what I always plan on
doing in the future like having secret
projects letting out you know letting
out so many stuff for you guys so many
vlogs so many videos so many Instagram
pictures anything it can be anything a
song album I don't know a book I do it
all on my own I choose my own no one
controls what I say what I do I control
my own thing and I am myself but yeah
with that being said let's start
I can do meaning I love you guys thumbs
up subscribe if you haven't subscribed
because we just reached 3 million
subscribers and we are on the way to 4
million
hi guys I am in one of my favorite
places in New York City it is called
Soho we're heading to the bathing ape
store you guys don't know was bathing
ape it's a really really really really
really expensive brand that my brother
wants to go to because he's a Shopaholic
by the way look at his outfit look he's
got the sneaker con shirt on he got the
dope snapback he got some adidas wet and
the copper easy as becometh traffic new
york city traffic
oh man you wanna hold my hand collagen
I don't know if you know this but
there's this other brand called supreme
do you like it or not for yes
alright so supreme I like both Alex
supreme and bathing ape but there's this
guy in New York City who loves the brand
bathing ape so bad that if he sees
anyone wearing supreme in the street or
near the bathing ape store he beats them
up I'm not even joking he feeds them up
like he hurts them how much show you
guys a quick clip right here any time
row three if you keep somebody waiting
for three and you're going to beat them
up Avicii someone waits a dream he beats
them up I'm not even joking this is New
York City for you guys i forbade the
agent sent us the freak yeah but still
if anyone's going supreme in front of
him
this dude is insane he's known for
beating people up where's the freemen
kind of dumb I'm knock him out bro he's
huge of time to provide he's big bro I'm
telling you existed I don't matter car
I'll get it if you don't mind your
bathing case right there this is a great
spot this guy is wearing supreme
one of the beasts or have you heard of
that beat guy like goes oh yeah I was
talking about cleaning that skater with
the cream yeah why are you here not an
opposite I got a little video a BPM are
my monster is you get a bitch if you
draw his big of the rules we move the
supreme because I do this my stuff yeah
you crazy I do like bang on his head
thank you
all right so we weren't allowed to film
inside the bathing ape score now they
didn't allow so me not a lot of some of
it because it's like super exclusive
only like Kanye West or like Chris Brown
whatever shop in there but mean Abe we
got something so dope so sick I got
something else purple you got something
that's red but it costed so so much it
was like there's like one foot was just
a sweater and it was $500 just for a
sweater we're just going to show you
guys inside the rats so this is mine
right here I got this purple sweater
it's so sick so dope when I post the
picture on anything and make sure you
guys like it comment aid you got this
like this big yeah that's it look at
that up like that nice they've got this
red one jumping pretty right here please
look at you it is drop in your dish set
it up oh man I'm so hungry I'm hungry
move I'm done shopping
oh my mother a book shop even more
that's a free tell me the guy's going to
come and beat us up come on what you
mean I can imagine going to be the stuff
I know I know how to possibly like he's
going to fill this up traffic traffic
do you want to go like that okay we get
it always get a dog everyone is eating
around me drinking around me and
especially in New York City you have to
like you come out of cars over here this
makes me like hungry but it's not like
I'm fasting but I'm so hungry I eat we
can win figures I have those ones money
can't be another one I'm going to try
which I try to get already got I got the
white one everybody once I got those I
try to get those I've never not even
human I live right there
what is it called well we all who try to
get it huh Robert Koch yeah yeah yeah
yeah be humble exam what what be humble
yeah what what be home Oh God I'll stay
with you
my last stroke just
how do you know it why are you singing
it Oh Madonn evil guy
this is like digit spitter this is
Bridget spinner heaven look at this
Wow we're coming pretty soon what is
this supposed to be
oh wow this is a money one I I do mean I
saw I'm done shopping for clothes so
that this place where they sell like
these stuffed animals that look so so
real glad you guys know rema is so
scared of tests and I believe more than
scared pets to pretty much my whole
family's janitor so since this place
sells like these real looking stuffed
animals I am gonna get a pet dog and I'm
getting pretty look how real this look
and I'm going to bring it home this is
I'm bringing a home I'm going to show my
whole whole family and they're going to
get creeped out and freaked out so I
will get a new pet either tomorrow or
the day after tomorrow I'm still
deciding on what to get but for now I'm
gonna get this real looking dog whoa
this dog looks so real look at this
Toby the dogs it was real what the heck
look salvage it so awkward carrying my
pets and taking it to the register so I
can buy it
ah should I name it pet I hate that I
know you guys look I'm gonna buy the dog
just suppose one what the heck that
scared me you guys are selling it here I
know it sounds like my blog is gonna
back it over to them
so how do you I don't know what to name
him yet but somebody's good do me gag I
finally made it home
this dog caused me a lot of trouble this
$400 dog yes I got this some animal dog
this huge dog for $400 I got out to Ober
I was carrying the dog with one hand in
my camera with the other hand and while
I was walking home another dog
see me carrying this dog so that dog is
like this huge pitbull was barking at me
and this dog and I started running away
and the dog literally was like about to
chase us and the owner couldn't even
hold the pitbull I was so scared for my
life and I was thinking in my head like
damn I should have never brought this
freakin dog to scare Rima and Mawson now
I'm getting freaking scared like revenge
karma got me but I'm still gonna do this
prank on Rima and once this who's a good
doggie come on come on come on such such
go get it fresh go go go go go I'm also
thinking about doing a couple videos
with the dog in public outside but for
now I'm gonna reveal it to Mawson and
Rima first I'm going to show it to
remember cuz she's in another room
having fun with the games that I gave
her I snuck this dog inside my room I'm
gonna put on some barking noises and I'm
gonna bring the Rima and tell her that
my pet dog is finally here so let's see
how I go I'm looking up dog barking
sound effect so you can find this is by
the way a German Shepherd is the only
one that I can have it's a lot of types
of dogs barking moss in ARIMA what no
but I'm in a place the dogs barking
while they come let me see I'm gonna put
this pillow on top of my laptop so they
won't know that it's my laptop and I'm
gonna keep the dog right here this is
good look I'm a player
Rema Rema
I think muscle is crying with his
teacher three-month-old guys have a
surprise you close guys keep it close
keep you close I'm a really really big
person you're not a big surprise to you
three months I got you a big surprise
what guess what it is a Barbie
no buts not a Barbie's clothes so guess
what it is good keep guessing what is it
see dick singer not a fidget Stan I give
you so many keep guessing finger pack
you did what okay it's better than a pet
it's a new member of The Addams Family
it's our new dog go see it say hi
everyone Fremont sorry Bob yeah three
months ago Don Pettit it's good everyone
Rima realize good Remo Remo Remo come
look at this all you got man look you
got mad she didn't notice of the steak
does this girl is seriously scared of
dollars man now we're gonna bring mustn
I don't know be scared or not be two
years old and I've never really liked
seeing him go to like any animal by me
in a big muffin and we're gonna see what
he does no time
close it close what is that what is that
huh I get it Oh was it like the dog yes
most it likes it yes yes give it a big
I'm so surprised Buffington like the dog
you like it what I'm gonna give it a big
hug give it a big kiss for the because
you're the vicar's come i'm dying he's
not scared
let's see Remo gonna Remo Remo
ready MA come with your brother huh
don't you challenges come diet muscle
love is it you love it laughing yeah you
do yeah see this line must into the og
man yo Jeeva pretty much say thumbs up
here to bring a new dog a real dog that
was damaging if you don't wanna yeah you
know what that's it for that thumbs up
and I'll bring a real real dog I have a
friend who has a real dog so I'll bring
him and it's a big dog bigger than this
German Shepherd so run it dude it's sick
so guys this is my new pet right here I
don't know what's the name you got give
me a comment below what's his name
because I'm going to use them in a lot
of videos in the future so let me know
in the comments below and if you guys
want me to get a real real pet give this
vlog a thumbs up and I will get a real
pet only for muffin because MOSFET is a
pet lover and Rima is it so you guys
want a real pet thumbs up and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
take care and I love you I love you I
love you
