guys what we think about hours yes I
know guys who are you massage leave a
comment below you can have battle you'll
know that was me and remus turn to start
dancing you okay hey guys what's up for
do me hanging I hope you are having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy it's so hard to say to intro while
I'm chewing gum
that's crazy we want my beard feels so
weird feel it do me gang today me Rima
and pretty much my whole Addams family
every single person Adam family let's
just pick a melon hands and and see
rimas losing her voice and came out and
and easily what do you do that hmm
like she put that face all up in the
camera like hi but today we are going
house shopping and my whole family is
coming with me so they can all decide
and you guys will come with me so you
guys can decide with me what are you
doing
copying you stop copying me okay should
be a fun day and I'm gonna take you guys
with me right now I'll see you guys in
the next shop no no you have to say in
the next shot I better go like this okay
so in today shop don't look like that
what is it shut alright guys me and Rima
and use this we're on our way to the
house we're going house shopping and the
rest of my families are ready there
we're kind of late so we're going to see
how it goes Rima I can help us decide on
the house you like you are what do you
want to have in the house
and stairs what the heck what do you
want stickers I'm what else do you want
house you want trampoline and Wi-Fi
what's the end wise well okay sounds
good all right can you say something yes
please yeah don't you'll be fine
OMG removing it it off yeah I didn't
know if he's gonna be look oh my god so
much wow that was cold that was actually
police affair how'd you know any
subconscious policing let's I kept for
last kept or Rema Rema in the same
country when you never left the country
but anyways right now what we're doing
with scoping the area we're not only
looking at the house inside the house
first we're scoping the neighborhood
keep the neighborhood good but it was
good I am NOT I repeat I am NOT saying
what area this is what state this is
this can be Florida this can be
Philadelphia this can be AMA at
California even though we never did a
drive even though we didn't drive that
far but it's an area but I'm not going
to say which area because last time when
I was going house shopping I told you
guys what borough it was and a lot of
people found out what I really want
people to respect my family and my
parents and everyone else at my house so
we're almost there we're going to see
the house ready Rima my guys are in the
house I'm not allowed to vlog in here
also going to block a little bit for you
guys we're in the basement right now in
the basement first floor and second
floor this is the basement basement huge
but it was like so sick I must sneak in
and show you how the first floor second
floor on you guys can let me know if you
like guys like we're in a second floor
right now remind you like it
good this is the first floor down there
I'm show you guys the master bedroom the
master bedroom looks amazing my cell you
ready ready and it's right here with
around I think like six or seven rooms
in this place is the backyard and front
door I can't live much but it looks safe
the bathroom right there Wow look at
this I like it what you didn't see them
up there and go see but go to me right
hop on over here got this five bathrooms
in health five bathrooms Wow a family we
could all talk at the same time we get
all clad the same time another one here
and another one here
this is sick Wow how do you like your in
guys how do you like it okay one person
guy you know this is the first floor
right here kitchens right there guys
look at the frickin Park in the yard
Wow I can only so much but look at this
mess of with everybody like please guys
I could put so much stuff in here and
vlog and like oh my god this is all to
see guys we think of a palace yes I know
guys we massage leaving a comment below
guys liquid decided to show up the home
we must hey give me five
you haven't showed up but why you've
been hiding from me yeah you and your
bowl haircutting dad which is ever
dad look into me I'm finally back home
we're still deciding on which house
together house we just went to was it
50/50 half of my family said yes and
half my family said no I'ma be honest I
said no I said no because there isn't a
pool there but we can build a pool there
and get that pool to be there but I'd
rather have a pool already day but we're
still going to go house shopping it more
we have a lot more houses that we can go
shopping at so you guys are going to
help us out once we go house shopping so
we're going to see how it goes but right
now Remo was telling me that she wants a
baby sister I'm going to turn my sense
to a baby sister right now
now we're gonna see how she is okay you
guys ready we're gonna see what should
we call her that's Marcin Roxanna
look here Wow look at the Java tutorial
look at his look at her bangs I'm ready
Oh Monty hi are you happy now they got a
baby sister yes
what do we name what do you want to name
her like the guy I have no clue why I
know how to like put on his ass for
other people and myself maybe because
I've always seen my mother and my
sisters put it on but look but wow you
look nice
really beautiful you like you're not
okay right now madam and now I am the
super era but any look let me tell you
one thing ok ok look ok let's have it be
set have you set this up why in slow ok
we need to calm down look we need to
calm down everyone
don't make me call nine-one-one huh I'm
not I'm just testing it I'm just - yeah
oh sorry yeah what so you're my dad like
my dad there are many recliner oh I'm
real I'm here with the homie slim for
those Jiang Jiang Idaho we work on
leaving tomorrow fetus was goodie
you know always that it's like a ritual
so I can meet as I can here with a nice
I've always made up in the last day
whenever like someone leaves we always
meet up with last day like each other
hug like oh well oh my gosh my missing
we got so one or two more than us
like what about what about leave and
travel the hill that I miss my family
and these two I and the kids want me to
keep so I'll tell the old son so
I know it when you're filing for me I'll
come back and like family what I teach
is all their God will example I'm very
happy for months oh he must have no idea
together yeah I do bye
okay do me yank so I just got home I am
so so sorry that his vlogs kind of short
they did not let me vlog so much in the
house I do not know why I try my best to
vlog as much as I can to you guys so you
guys can help me decide so you guys let
me know in the comments below yes or no
after this we're going to go look for
like two or three more houses and then
after that we're going to make a final
final decision and then I have the love
we can move out and everything will be
crazier and a shot love so much better
and you guys are going to be so happy so
excited cuz so much better material
better content better vlogs it's going
to be insane so many surprises so many
announcements and there's a really good
surprise like a really crazy like
surprise I thought I would never say
again but I should have I should have
known that it will happen again but I'll
keep you guys updated once I get the new
house other than that I'm uploading the
cooking video that I did with Eman it's
going to be up tomorrow then after that
I will be in Egypt and you guys will see
me and Egypt will be on first time I
ever vlog in Egypt so let's turn out and
let's have some crazy fun in Egypt even
though in my movie there is going to be
insane it's going to be really really
fun and I hope you guys are all ready
and excited as I am because I'm planning
on climbing a period at pyramid a
pyramid I would put that mistake that I
just put Wow Wow that makes so many
mistakes sometimes and I cut it out by
my keep this one so you guys can see
like what kind of mistakes I do about
planning out of climbing a pyramid not a
period apparently I plan on climbing a
pyramid and it should be really really
fun we'll see how it goes hopefully oh
ma yeah hope we would turn up in Cairo
Egypt so see you guys tomorrow do me
gang
thumbs up his wife you got enjoyed it
take care peace but in all day killing
or not here in a hard way
up and three girls cry get up what they
all say I'm about to go
