I want to make a half-court shot for me
yeah
why I'm friended all because all this is
like he's pretended vote
hey guys what's up to do me gank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be had an
amazing happy yeah whoo we are here with
guys with this squads you guys are
wondering why we're still in Chicago is
because we missed our flight this
morning by four hours myself hours I
overslept
we're so tired so exhausted because of
sneaker con literally we've been so
tired even watching lost his voice
watching speaks lost my voice because
like playing a board game
I keep kind of a little battle right
it's like a big man house we go into
country I'm absolutely in another day
with these guys so I'm gonna vlog like
any media I have no voice I stopped us
to make you feel enough stuff so we're
heading right now since we missed our
flight we have to book an extra night
here in Chicago get do play paper new
play which is the thing because we were
supposed to go home to New York City and
we're going to get a flight later today
but the flight all the flights were like
books are like really bad flights like
we have two stops like five six hours we
decided to stay another day in Chicago
and we'll leave to New York City
tomorrow for sure
apparently this mall in Chicago it's the
second biggest mall and all of America
and I'm Nigel Alex really really big but
the by malls they have nothing on Dubai
warm the bottommost is so huge Minh and
makes this look so small Oh finally man
cool we're looking all over for you guys
oh yeah see she also just a those type
of music
while the car can move the music video
No
damn uh you guys want to eat boys you
want to eat to break your fast girls
talk tonight you want to eat for dinner
you don't know they poop you only date
video now I'm not in the beautiful deep
but I know I needed a slim bought a
shirt and he said a size large but this
thing is a size extra small parcel
lodging kids bro that's a large kid
everybody can go up to be here today
it decided will not protect it while not
protective dish clatters protection
whistling Wow saddle guys were broader
Politis is about to make a big thing out
of decision right now
yeah when nipple started free off
screaming behind know it's so hard
exploit but he's about to leave to San
Diego right now but he doesn't want to
leave San Diego because he's going to
Game three gaming for in Cleveland NBA
Finals and he's trying to decide if he
should leave for Chicago straight to
Cleveland
or go to San Diego and get a haircut so
right now we're like all in like
suspense and way they'd already majority
rule it says they think actually I could
just get a haircut from somewhere random
in over here and then just go to
Cleveland cuz it's a short flight today
I'll meet everyone out there who get
tickets like consistently you guys know
I can only trust one barber I know and
he's going always San Diego go for it
but he's still deciding the mat and a
matter of like two three minutes he's
going to decide yeah and the situation
now I made my flight is at 8:30 its RT 7
p.m. so I got to make a decision in like
one minute in a minute
yeah really help you later right I need
to do it a minute you guys let me in his
line we decided say what he decided that
I should go all the way back to be able
to get a cut but everyone season I'm
sorry
oh yeah entity might even because he is
family for Dana house yeah exactly and
then everyone else especially slim rule
should go to Chicago I'm going to go to
Cleveland don't know without Divya
so we're deciding right now I got to
make a decision to go and the next
minute he's going to decide you guys to
see it we're still in Chicago friends
to do his big you guys are going to what
he went through to do it on his blog
something I can't reveal it right now
when a basketball for it
usually I might I would be honest I'm
always like intervals allows for Brandon
he influenced me to come out at night
and live Terry v life didn't got a lot
of Steve my life but like yeah so if I
wanted hook the place I would have been
hurting my lungs monsters I didn't go
then I'm here is in my life oh yeah
saving his life pretty much pretty much
so we're gonna run out of me and Jackie
for him explain so we'll lose cuz I got
scrotum I see some Bruins like the whole
thing but we have fun active he could
have chose anything else for us to do
tonight I need to probably my colleagues
and fighting a backlog for open late
need of stockinette guys they don't have
a basketball courts like this in New
York City like open 24/7 they need to
make back double court in New York City
that's open 24/7 or you ask you let me
know there is about to open for them
turn back do I think survive biggest
about move all the way let me say hello
never wait look I am NOT you mister I
need someone to record me I need someone
to record for me and this little thing
that he wants to report and I'm like no
because the last time you recorded it
was horrible so the amount of report yes
good like Julius
we can let you record I not nipple
nipple get away he's a horrible recorded
imma let you record I yeah I got a
little cool the camera you don't okay
the court
you guys
Oh
honestly you make a half-court shot for
me
why I've granted no because all this is
why he's prepared to vote in Douma gang
we just woke up it is 7:00 a.m. I am so
so tired we have to wake up early to go
to our flight so we won't miss it again
we had six people in one hotel room
because Brandon and his girlfriend
Jackie they couldn't find a hotel and
since we have two hotel rooms at a
respect we gave them one I'm losing my
voice little he's got a taurus factory
gate in one room and then six of us
stayed inside one response he has a
girlfriend so it's not respect enough
for him and his girl to go to run room
but it was fun with six people in one
room even though I look like a complete
mess right now look in the pool
it's not out he's completely right
though I'm editing right there
the Kiva's knocked out sided Sigma
shower someone's getting ready your bath
via our mother Abe's
is ready they're about to head out but
let me out bitch you guys with something
so the mall that we went in that you
guys seen in the vlog footage before we
went aside the mole I don't know which
mall was it called but it's like the
second largest mall in all of America's
in Chicago we got banned and in big
trouble for what we did basically
there's a car that's there for display
and then when they keep went in the car
was already on neutral like when you're
when you sit down inside and like China
pretended driving and literally drove a
little bit but then me and nipple were
messing around just pushing it and then
after that 10-15 minutes later
security came to security came and then
two cops came like real police actually
came and were like confused they came
over South asking us questions asking us
for ID more than half of us ended up
leaving with an uber and then a couple
of us were still stuck there I believe
Khalid nipple and the key we're still
stuck there and they ended up taking
pilot ID hila to the main one they took
his ID and they literally banned him
from that mall I guess I guess yeah we
did something really really dumb like
really really dumb but the car is not
damaged is literally there chillin in
display how it is but
they literally been hot even though
we're probably never going to go to that
mall anyway so it's no point but it's
kind of is it kind of is a dumb move
sorry mall in Chicago you guys are cool
you guys are really really nice even
though bringing in like a whole squad of
holy sign that's all good in the hood
awesome that I'm heading back to New
York City to celebrate three million
subscribers in New York City so NYC get
ready to turn up
I don't know what to do yet so let me
know what comments below what should I
do is celebrate three million
subscribers I don't know if thinking
about a giveaway or like great you guys
let me know in the comments below and
yeah we'll see what's up on that morale
vlog here it's early
I'm heading out to New York City I'm
gonna see you guys tomorrow in and walk
see during rumbled on a date 11 I love
you guys Dumitru guys enjoy this vlog
mission should go - thumbs up thumbs up
and do me a and go turkeys
thank you guys so much for your love and
support see you guys tomorrow take care
and peace allow you
