oh hey guys what's up your dummy gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day it do me
gank I am in London I just got here I'm
about to get a fresh cut from the homie
Mike you guys already know like I'm here
this is my spot that's what I'm sleeping
that looks it's pretty cool and dope man
hey Mike what I do
chillin she's a mod you become he just
came back from Dubai I said yo sir to me
you simply are he's simply a verb dammit
you just came in to buy a scenario yes
how many times you been to Dubai no free
two songs to reach it like within like a
month right quick that's crazy that's
crazy my book but yeah I'm about to get
it cut my man you already know Mike
gives the best cuts the best phase we
see our next shot do me guy doing it do
him get him out come in between get my
cut and lick who surprised me and I yeah
what's up how are you doing
I knew rototilling not it I know it's so
low but you got him tomorrow
yeah I'm in Dubai are you gonna come
back with me to New York yeah alright
say bye bye yo Reema's been asking for
you a lot so you're gonna have to come
to New York this mi right are you cold
is she cold but she's like shivering
this stuff bro Ezz got the easy huh she
got the easy though I got the easy song
let's go over here what's up are you
next to get a haircut she punched you
what's going on cause it what's that
your snapchat they're gonna send you 10
pounds what you gotta say you gotta say
the name someone wants to send up 10
pounds for me to tell we accept paypal
EBT food stamps we accept already knows
it
I just got done with my cut looking
fresh I cannot wait for Instagram famous
I'm gonna take you guys on my journey
tomorrow and the day after tomorrow
filming Instagram famous if you guys do
not know today I'm a flight I had a
six-hour delay I had to wait inside the
plane for six hours because something
was wrong with the plane and then an
engineer had to come it took so so long
so I couldn't go and get to see Zack
night tonight I'm supposed to go to him
and work a little more in the studio so
I'm not getting to the challenge with
him I'm gonna go do the challenge either
with Nas or Ania with Nas permission so
I'm heading to their crib to meet nas
dad for the first time ever I'm so so
excited
yo look at this they got in New York
City here would I think I'm New York
City in London I might as well take this
with me man let me take it do I look
like the guy that freaking stole from us
nah but seriously do me and let me
update you guys a case is still going on
everybody's telling us to send them the
receipts of proof that we own those
stolen items so I really really hope
everybody takes care of that if they
don't that's gonna really really suck
especially when we have like hardcore
proof of the back doors proof of our
stuff that we have the receipts and
everything even a review of a person who
was a guest who was there a month ago
wrote this right there someone also
Alma's got Robin in there they were
attempted but for us we genuinely got
robbed so I really hope they gets to the
end of it but adds now I'm gonna see you
guys in the next shot wish me luck with
a deadly 1 chip challenge I'm here nice
house and not how you doing he doing
good can you do your intro for me I want
to hear you say live this we're doing
that we're doing that single spike and I
am I have a bad news for you like I mean
I know you're like you're like family to
me but I always break the bad moves to
read my Austin like it's normal I'm
scared to break the bad news for you you
know this is too spicy
all right and like like you want to take
it I suppose you should you want to try
a little piece yeah a big piece why
don't kids want to do this all right
guys you guys do not know we're about to
do the one chip Pacquiao challenge a
little bit order this online like a
hundred bucks which is pretty insane 100
bucks just for like a little piece
diamond a hundred bucks for a piece of
chick this is crazy
what does it say any last words good job
this says any last words and it says the
Reaper is waiting and supposedly this
thing right here can like hurt your
stomach it's an actual challenge and I'm
not sponsored or anything with this but
yeah I just seen a lot of people doing
this challenge it was pretty crazy and I
decided to try it out so um ah let's
let's do it so I get some milk what no
good juice nope alright which one is
milk this is no bad this is what that
what kind of UK milk I've never seen UK
milk what this is not milk
no it's not or should we drink this what
is this
wha what what the hell's dates look let
me try them I bet no and I'm so so
scared to do this but ah
let's do it oh my god my kids not scared
man this this is bad man everyone's
gonna get so so jealous if I give her a
piece but um ah I need to get permission
from you dad you need to ask me that you
can get a piece go ass not easy if you
can take a piece I need your parents
like permission you know saying it's
cool you got a permission slip to go
you had these at school you gonna have
these at school and I have nothing
can you take a piece all right tonight
you're lucky you got permission from
your dad um you're just gonna get a
small piece art and I'm also gonna save
a small piece to Rema Rema know you're
watching this do not cry do not freaking
say oh my god
you mean mr. Street what do you tell me
look Reba I basically Tek oh how about
you come to New York you want to come to
New York what tell Bob but it's a you
know I keep saying Bob Lolita therapy
so how do you say that in Bengali I tell
Abu to take you to New York okay you
don't have to speak Bengali yeah speaks
me okay
what does MB B's what you're doing it
again
it means let you do it I'm gonna say the
word again so I can say it in Bengali
get the coop keep tangora get that gorg
get the gun let's keep it going but do
this huh you're a little bit scared
I'm a lot scared I'm scared a lot all
right let's see how it looks is beer
never you burn you okay whoa like Alice
Oh
what does no it's gonna be spicy it's
gonna be really exciting
Taniya you wanna take this piece yeah
you sure this is pretty big I'm scared
yeah let's give you a pass okay well
give you a half and we'll save Reema
half all right you hold this one okay
how about you yeah well you can't fake
you like that okay I'm gonna eat huh
guys you ready guys a small flow strong
ready set go
oh my god yeah oh my god oh man I
believe it go you go you don't you're
not see oh my god oh my god oh my god
don't eat it now okay please what did
you eat it
oh my oh ha oh my god what do you want
this one Oh yo yeah my dad knows I'm
sweating guys OH
I'm trying out the checkbook I'm trying
to keep the shadow do me again thumbs up
minute I'm gonna drink milk I'm gonna
wait a minute Allah yo what did I do
oh my god drooling on myself
oh I don't want to yo tonight oh my god
oh oh I'm sorry guys I'm digging out the
car in Vinnie house oh my god you okay
oh my god you're did he take a piece and
on your little piece oh my god it was
you oh my god no this is the worst oh my
god did y'all I am not exactly oh my
goodness
I didn't make that much noise man his
mom and dad are you know my god yo this
thing could kill you well I know you're
taking a pee streamers I can heat that
piece
when they see this thing is deadly is
Delia do me a makes you guys subscribe
make sure you guys thumbs up make sure
you guys subscribe to my social she got
some real real guts to be doing this man
she drinks up oh my god you're a joke
Kendrick some please please this is the
most insane charger this is a spicy now
I know why cause 100 see you leave me
alone
Yola I feel like life like man I can't
do this uh this is the back of my tongue
right now it's burning you want swear to
god man this is nothing this the words
challenge if I don't want to do this
ever again
drink all your milk the stuff that's I'm
in the block here oh my god huge
shout-outs at 9:00 at night thank you so
much a nice social makes you guys
subscribe to she uploads Mondays and
dates I like one second so this
Wednesdays and Sundays she's really
really brave to be doing this man I
don't know how the heck she did it let
me see you got some more it's the famous
tomorrow take care and peace oh my god I
love you
dumi gank I'm not feeling too well man
they did not lie the deadly trip
challenge is legit deadly man my stomach
just feels she feels weird man like I
have a stomachache or something just
keeps like it's like I'm pregnant I
don't know I feel like a baby's punching
me there but that was probably the worst
the worst challenge I've ever done on
YouTube I would never ever do it again
if I would recommend anyone I recommend
to slim to do it slim
you should try it out someone go crazy
but I'm up yeah thank you guys so much
dumi a.m. see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace I love you I'm gonna go
to sleep still so far from greatness
I still got half a good girl still
violate a fake Church just got home from
Lebanon my passport got so full I had to
get another one
