oh she does you want a date Kate likes
you guys go right here
yeah so you seen you through the whole
trip do you want a date Jackie
hey guys what's up with dooming gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because we're having I'm in a baby happy
yes so we're having an amazing it you
all should have an amazing happy day
what's going on guys you have things
forever though I don't know bro you made
me ready position
keep your 20 minutes today I'm here
right you're gonna be ended up putting
on a because I don't want to take too
long
we're the only ones that'll a because
when the pretty boys you know we're like
the ones everyone is like you know
sporty so let me watch you with all the
ones I like you know we got a little
back down so we're gonna go right now
they're probably really mad at well guys
this is too big thing that's happening
too big picking vaji and slims they're
in the three-point contest okay and um
college is playing about familia who you
got I guess you assume I have to go for
bus right now you gotta go down by taxi
but but you have a really good shot like
bajjis really really good we're happy
you should chew the teeth right now so
it can be crazy because I might be in a
different team like you know what I like
is look I guess you win again is insane
today so have to show him the
representing like the bat very well you
ended up
right there you gotta clean here I got
moving ever grown anyway we're not even
on the roster and groaning everybody
take it off things I'm sorry mom I hear
a lot of yourself what up guys I'm glad
we got it out a little bit
26 is dere ready play ball
and then after that we're gonna do this
hard to do that three-point shootout
speaking of challenges
tomorrow my birthday the big big games
giving me high Christopher London
blotchy
you go get knocked down bruh you I'll
play an adjustment you're going at like
half Waikiki good friend
no I gotta say a lot I gotta go we're
watching the game the rookie game only
was your plate so honest II feel a like
last time like that one and we're gonna
kill it
he's my good luck charm right now eat
mango looks like you might be like our
business Tommy teaches yo are you saying
you're glad for the whole nation
well it's not now I told you when I
gotta break my fast hard-hitting
listen enjoy nice anime the cold
Wow guys he was like uncommon let me
kick that honesty more like really short
I don't think that nice sound short dude
if that girl goes about story now when
it kicks gave away white even the dude
is insane but I'm going to see right now
Wow oh my god their planes elastic over
the dark open up let's go you guys do it
so much better they're winning now we'll
be waiting there women let's go we got
be cheerleaders you're going to have to
make at least one point
alright shot let me out of here all
right and the Machado be a telethon okay
kill it in this hour before we go call
it as you and thank you
no matter yeah I got the game is over
money cake college and then when they
did amazing is it good
but they'll offer nice up there DOM and
gonna have to vote this yeah like here
we will give you just make you go bad
but we hire these happen wow this is
crazy bus yes Wow bro now he distinct
yes I'm fine right yeah meet our driver
thank you so much I appreciate all of
them after a few moments it appreciate
right now this is three-point contest a
three-point caution flipped open slay my
husband ready I got so close
of course why do I do it what it is you
give up boiler very good here I come
through listen yo for warriors
yeah nigga run nope I don't see enough
that I love you except a poker jersey
are how do you think Delayer thank you
nobody learns what type of watch you
Isaac with you I got the three-point
shootout in the past apart you get
really really crazy
I think robotics was going first oh uh
let's see how it goes
we ready to intercept metal cookie what
is going to you
ready hey I love you
maps I want you to do good go ready
I want to do good so many people
everything Kelly his body important
forty miles long it clearly says serving
overseas got a boy I like a waiter
what's that he did good
that is my money balls oh oh oh
guys the funniest thing happened on
their Channel they did a why dude at all
like a little Ramadan prank we have to
know what happy rose I'll do today we
had to go at it like I was eating
brought my fat earlier and here coming
in right frog Mom og when she got his
vote his mom's cooking a business out of
52 I would kick you yeah I got you hard
I know the only reason why I was managed
because like I think the rig fast like
40 45 minutes long I put hundred and he
was going to say so I was like thank you
rev sorry I know you guys want to see it
when you have uploading it tomorrow I
think that tomorrow you got to see in
the description down below so go see is
going to be really funny Africa trips
outro
guys go check it out right now we're
gonna get a haircut because tomorrow's
our birthday and ah
yeah I mean I've never done a let's go
baby
if it is doing what needs to be produced
we first I just say first alright guys
so I just got a haircut and I broke my
fast by did it bring my camera because I
thought I'm going to come back to the
hotel and get my cameras and like
breaking our fast but I was in a rush
because negative was ready and I had to
leave from the barber shop all the way
to bring out fast and now I'm at the
hotel
and my brother bought three of these and
Kai's what cost and why'd you did here
to make sure if it's real I don't know
Tyson ja yeah you gotta make shit guys
we actually you know the budget so you
bought it from tables yeah okay tables
are a little more reliable because if I
checked it over there Memphis collect
you know like what like check many
things the boost is the main thing and
then you got to look at little things
like what the heck
okay you see how this one has like
little I rims were going crooked some
had the remix no no one knows guys the
easy that a fan gave slim to fake
explicit of mine is against oil is it
really yeah mine I was like well yeah I
gave it to him didn't know yeah maybe he
didn't know but he gave me things and
someone scared of mention it because I
don't know he's like wow like he's a
shame but it's not a small random now
wait I got to use it well then you know
make a chair we will we're here we don't
wear fake you that's not making sure I
think he's wrong this my waist was going
to say series yeah no way don't work
yeah and then also this right here look
at this eight point five nine point five
it's supposed to be nine to ten they
only make it based on some skank Oh
usually yeah this is high the
confirmation is going would I fall will
other preferred I guys so I just gave a
Pepsi to Broadus right now because he's
asking me for Pepsi because I was
downstairs already
and I thought of this craziest idea so I
have dates because it's Ramadan and I
break my fast with dates I have a lot of
dates along gives me some plenty I'm
going back to his room
and I'm going to ask Jackie which is his
girlfriend if you guys do not abroad its
brought it to the the YouTube he's
Middle Eastern also and he's a he's a
youtuber with almost two million
subscribers dope nice nice guy and he
has a girlfriend named Jackie so I'm
going to tell her do you want a date and
I thought the best thing to do is to do
it on them because they're a couple
I'm sorry brought it like I love you
minute I have to do on a date I need to
bring it back like Farrah do me gang so
let's let's do it
we're gonna go to the room I know I'm
kind of really nervous bro because like
meeting them actually really cool
Broadus
so maybe my Jesus chokes the other video
I just just want to give her some dates
that she wants some organic dates or
Golden State's I have all kinds of dates
like yeah
hi um Brendan here yes Oh
I'll just ask you a question I don't
know like it's weird but do you want to
date huh I think do you want a date that
you don't want to date
Brendon shopping obviously I'll just
keep in touch he doesn't ask her if she
wants to date don't you did you want a
date like date likes you guys go right
here yeah
so you've seen you there's a whole trip
do you want a date Jackie I know well
what do you mean shit shorted ate like
eight like you guys you two go on a date
no like I know yeah what I'm saying on
this okay you could go inside
what do you mean - on a date I've been
with me the whole trip you have you
would take pictures of me and her in
front of everything but being in
everything yeah
as hinted she won like well she doesn't
want to date me shame on a date she
doesn't want to date Bo
Jackie Jackie do you mean Jackie but she
doesn't want to date I can't on but I'm
cool with you I respect you that's it
yeah I might would you vote I respect
you that's in Jackie she passed I broke
up
don't push it try a special once a date
no I know she said no I'm telling you no
straight-up she said no bro I know
you're handsome pretty boy okay I get
that bro no don't say doesn't want to
date I'm just saying it's my birthday
like I just know I wanted to go what do
you mean the sherbert I know
boo but what's what's up with that it
doesn't matter though but I'm saying she
doesn't want like organic dates or like
golden dates to break it I'm just I love
you come where they go a hell of a drug
I love it
you know how nervous that like I said
I'm not so much I'm so I was like so
silken on my bubble I got so close to
the truth I'm like what did you do it no
I'm good Oh guys brought if you shout
out too broad a bit to be a single guys
if you guys want to check out products
the link is down below subscribe to
check out my almost that 2 million
subscribers so how far are you away like
with 30 thousand subs 30 thousand subs
away so let's see if we can get to two
mil in a matter of 30 30 or more
explicit I'll go what you dragging too
bass happy birthday to this man but
anytime well anything's 24 I'm old man
getting old he'll dinner all right bro
how do you know that's what you want so
what are you saying thank you boy sings
wanted organic I'm sorry I'm sorry I
know I would tell ya I told him to save
then he would have knocked me up ha all
right sounds good
that's a guy so providers is knocking on
my door now I don't know what he wants
but he's with Jackie right now it's
scared you know literally right there
yeah so good I don't know I was still a
little angry when we did the first Hajus
I came I came all the way down here just
to tell him get this man to three bills
well I want to get me to Millie for
everybody watching with that Aaden
subscribe to his channel a minute to
three mil is easy how does Karen a yogi
beautiful so we did the outro knowledge
just I'll just rent a bed out thinking
bad thing I was so little eat it and I
want to do a nicer one sweet Susie great
job remember we never bothered metrics a
doobie gay
what is up it is 3:45 a.m. right now and
this is the exact time that I was born
in Chicago is 3:45 a.m. but New York
City is 445 m I was born
4:45 and this moment right now 24 years
ago my mom was giving birth to me
so the first thing I want to say is
thank you mommy for you know I had a big
head so thank you for surviving that and
thank you for making me in but 24 years
ago right now I was pretty much you know
get long told me 4:45 a.m. on a Friday
during sponge Friday and it's crazy
because right now is Ramadan and it's
just
blessing and to know the fact that like
I know I know for a fact do me I know
tonight tonight if you guys are watching
this in a couple hours I will reach
three million subscribers because I
believe in you guys and I know tonight I
know do me Aang because I love you guys
and I believe in you guys so thank you
guys so so much I can't like I started
YouTube when I was 18 years old and to
still be going on while I'm 24 is a
blessing I'm so happy I'm I'm excited
and and this is literally just the
beginning just know that this is just
the beginning I'm still so so young be
down the side I still am me on 24 still
is young and I hope you guys are ready
for what what's to come and do me and
you guys are the ones that brought me
here and I'm doing everything for you
guys my family and Allah Thank You Allah
for everything literally I can't Allah
made all this happen for blessing me
thank you so so much allelic tour just
putting me in this position where I'm 24
years old and I'm happy about and like
ready to you know take over and I'll get
the house from our whole family just
live a life stairs it give me a brand
new life once we get the house which is
really really soon idumaean and i just
want to say thank you for watching my
vlogs every single day being there for
me every single day being a part of my
family little you guys are the real one
just like connecting with you guys
especially on tour it's like everything
to me because I get to see you guys you
guys are literally like my family like
my homies so thank you guys so so much
for being a part of my life and I hope
you got about at least maybe you guys
smile or brighten up your days or maybe
you guys laugh at least once in the past
six years five six years that I've been
doing youtube if I did then thank you so
so much and thumbs upses like if I did
let's see how many thumbs up I can get
for my birthday so everything when you
guys thumbs up at the beginning I love
you guys and I will see you guys
tomorrow with the big game we have to
take the one we have to win the big game
so we're gonna see how it goes I love
you guys take care and peace like
