how's this feel okay so good you ready
to see if expand by bringing back
hey guys what's up you're dooming yang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day doing
this is the last vlog this is the last
vlog that you guys are going to watch
wildlife 23 years old because I'm
turning 24 tomorrow while you guys are
watching this I'm turning 24 tomorrow so
this is the last vlog that you guys are
watching while I'm 23 and I seriously
want to thank you guys so so much for
everything I want to do my birthday
speech on my birthday video tomorrow but
I just want to say a little bit of it
today not a little bit of it today just
a thank you for me to you for like
having my birthday and it's Ramadan and
I'm with like my family and my friends
here in Chicago but I have an amazing
game and I'm almost at 3 million
subscribers on my birthday which is
insane thank you guys so so much so much
should be a nice vlog so get ready fit
of that I'm a shoe glass in the next
shop guys it's what I had a freakin do I
gotta take pictures man take pictures
this is why I hate taking good pictures
because then everyone asked me to say
good pictures I got Justin I'm gonna
give you the best picture I finish
picture you're gonna be like oh my god
ready he's going ah I got busted
I'm a new person here Charlie I defected
hi guys what a Jordan store right now
I'm going shopping for sneakers to wear
I'm a birthday and to play basketball in
and I'm thinking about seeds right here
these are the Jordans 31
it's like there's a car like Lamar yes
our salsa showed up man like a season of
definitely get them he's one up on me
look at spray painted and unique and you
know very uncommon although definitely
awesome I think you know how many people
were here that's what we are deep for
getting and we eat with that but good
evil I do it still instead of it what
outro that is dope
I'm joking oh this is brutal and was
lugging out everything I can't get
around can't well right then more girls
again camera out right there roll off
your camera over here
another camera there put the camera here
I will keep going sugar how many cameras
up where what's not money changes is the
cargo was good ero I do it goes good I
like a Chicago I another night night
long banjo a copy here in America like I
said I got yeah like a little mini New
York and you go to New York after the
 up I'm good to go I was a fatty I
do both
Oh guys wave them always hitting each
other so hard to be who curses except
something badly we do it so like so it
teaches the patient he'll smack my head
so hard I'll be like I don't Travis okay
he's not mad watch what you have harder
drive me so hard that no I feel like the
bells like like organization teaches us
patient patient so I'm sort of like a
girl beside you I don't have inaudible
what's up doggy hi yeah a dog is so cute
hi those you think so I tell me yeah
when the kids come from Dubai to Chicago
right the
I wanted Paxton right now she was
removed do this ever again with the
garden which yeah I'll do it your fire
kick thank you
they'll just fight them no that's why
kick the rhythm
that was even forward created like to be
with yours is Ruby you the other
one felt like so like we just got dog
goes back quick turn around
how about the braiding our back you
would need this know me I'm a dryer
ordering us what kind of people that are
really broke up that and in order to
haul videos you could be polyurethane
together I'm probably not going to be
here yeah you know what how the not
going to eat Mike here so we'll see what
they got one
I don't forget roachie food if they have
any like cheese alternative this is
Chicago pizza I don't know man
Chicago really DP you guys already
Travis Pisa I'm going to be on him the
New York ceases much much better for
Chicago it's good janeshia
much much better than it do me gate we
were back in our hotel and I forgot I
have some footage of be muffin ARIMA
making a fidget spinner made out of
play-doh so imma show you guys right now
enjoy it and yeah this is how to make a
fidget spinner made out of play-doh we
actually did it guys we're gonna try to
make a fidget spinner using play-doh so
i'ma try my best
I don't know yeah guys ready I'm gonna
make a big fidget spinner okay hmmm what
color you guys gonna make it no who's
gone is purple enough okay red is kind
of gone too that's all okay Gideon green
he got here you go you ready to see this
finish cynic ready oh okay so what I'm
going to do in squish it in here keep
squishing it keep going keep squishing
as hard as you can't push it push it
muscles push on it yes yeah alright
pause hi guys no God
try to find a way to maybe take this out
let me hold it down and check it out
yeah you hold them all right guys we're
gonna use this one instead because much
you stay with the yellow one and then
after that we're going to move the
spinner out the way and then you're
careful be careful oh wow turn up okay
so we need to find a way to like cut the
throw a spinner all right guys I'm have
to use this knife just fix it up ready
Oh
hi guys as you guys can see we have a
spinning here all we needed the middle
and we got a seasick and spin you guys
ready you are yes yeah how's this deal
okay
so good you ready to see if I spin I
bring it back Mawson please do not ruin
it if you have a habit of ruining stuff
alright hi guys this is the inside piece
of the spinner right here so we took it
out like it is we take it out and let's
put it in alright so now we're gonna
take this back oh we're gonna put it on
here and then he'll let us try to find a
way to take this out of it so I made it
up alright I got on flip it upside down
through this o32 then we're gonna put
this side in it boom it's in hello wait
let's see husbands guys ready yes sorry
okay you might try to spin it okay okay
guys wow we made it spin it this is
insane oh we were just gotta spin it
good what if the help wow I broke it
doesn't spin but we were so close we at
least made a spinner though right right
we did good good job you guys really
good okay do me yeah hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog we did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey this
is probably the last last vlog you guys
are going to see while I'm 23 years old
because my birthday is Sunday June 4th
and yeah I don't know I'm just feeling
really blessed and really happy I just
want to say thank you guys so much
literally for everything you guys have
done for me and to know that I'm
reaching 3 million on my birthday or
maybe a day after my birthday is a
blessing and a dream come true thank you
guys so so much resuming and I can't
wait to see you guys I'm on birth day
and tomorrow so I'll see you guys then
take care and peace I like
you
