Oh what's up hazard
hey guys what's up with dooming gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day
it is super early right now it's like
7:30 a.m. I got no sleep but it's rhemas
graduation this is Remus first ever
graduation that I'm going to but the
crazy thing is the bad thing is I feel
so so bad it's also Dina's graduation at
the same time Andrey Medina they go to
two different schools Dina is in pre-k
Reema's in kindergarten I've never want
to rimas graduation last year I'm going
to have to go through his graduation
this year and Adina I'm sorry but she's
gonna send me pics though but I'm going
to go to a graduation next year and I
need to find a way to find the clone so
next year if it happens I need like too
much when to go to her graduation while
I go to someone else's graduation but in
Rima school she goes to the same school
that I went to 19 years ago so 19 years
ago I was graduating at the same place
at the same time what ram√≠rez doing in
the next shot so adieu my gang enjoy
Reema's graduation congratulations for
making history on a low you throw-in it
all with liberty and justice for all
see uni and we're going to the national
anthem
I remember being here 19 years ago in
the stable exact fine graduated in there
were 20 years of 19 years or 20 years of
19 years ago I was at the stage stage
doing it stays in uses crazy in safety
nothing changes happy we didn't renew
these people in Britain here 19 years
overnight period came or maybe like 30
years a crazy crowd of Rema Rema rowdy
because our highly performing love in
your heart let me to love y'all
see
were we
yeah come on
what's the congratulations rebuff
Congrats
I'm getting this corner right here I
would like to say guys I'm sneaking in
my host go very discreet
I should go he's s then I think I
believe you serious
please it man but now it's really really
good such a good scoring on the dream
delivery must be gonna call Little Bo
 Wow look so much smaller now so
anyway thank you so much thank you thank
you
it's do we gank I'm so so tired I'm
heading to do the cooking challenge
video it is going to be up tomorrow so
it should be really really fun people
looking at me like I'm crazy but it's so
early because I will go for the
graduation at 8 a.m.
that's the earliest I've woken up
probably this whole month and I have a
runny nose I'm feeling so sick but it's
all good we're gonna overcome this I
mean gonna make a word today I will
believe I'm enrolling road-ready it's me
and your boy oh really
and we have woven in people Nicole
Nicole is doing hair your hair looks
beautiful by the way feel really good we
have hood hood that's too high except
for you guys working because you guys
work together yes oh my you know in your
function any cave in my makeup good now
you're ready beautiful and a curve you
know so so so excited look at this guys
behind the scenes we got the homie Billy
Billy right really say what's up what's
up man you ready yes sir I know the
ladies got all those waiting so how did
you guys just waiting here like the
ladies just like man have you guys won
with today yo huh I'm I'm in a moment
I'm getting a minute yes
one man hours man he'll be several - yes
- or no subacute had no beard at all
yeah yes it's going to be lit today I'm
really really excited the kitchen is
right here and we're cooking I'm not
going to say what we'll make it but I'm
gonna keep it a surprise so better than
your mother this is it and uh yeah I'll
give you guys more info go to some Eman
is ready let's go hi guys my name is
putting on my shoe I discussed we're in
the middle of filming her episode is
going really really well so far we're
gonna keep you guys up there whenever
it's like ready to go on so you all can
watch it and I finished my vlog that's
going to be up tomorrow so you guys are
going to see it but the man here wants
to give me a gift I don't know what I
didn't have to say thank you and I know
that he was coming up really oh this is
really just to say thank you to you
because you were so generous and I
appreciate thank you so much it showed
me so much stuff to the wall I um in
everything I don't want to take because
my pronunciation is not the best but
it's been generosity from what's
available yeah and John goes sweet you
know like you you came here and gave me
like you're coming very hurt aw thank
you so much you said like a little it's
just well and what my mom's gonna thank
you so much because I always lose like
my cards my keys she always tells me to
get a wallet so momma we're all thank
you all to thank you so much oh sweet
thank you ain't no squad thank you guys
so much but today I appreciate it you
might you you're amazing and I love you
so much or maybe receive it thank you so
much oh my favorite pieces because Thank
You Nicole I appreciate it
I met bill Tebow appreciate it thank you
so much and I'm just I appreciate it
thank you yes the freedom towers right
here pleases
we split I Wasi Adam in Douma gang I
decided to come visit Hamza while I was
visiting him
I found this throwback picture of me and
Hamlet 12 years ago do remember today
yes you don't you will you just turned 1
no I remember that day to think oh
my god I was trying to pass the praise
out oh okay
how does that looks more like DJ Khaled
son then DJ Khaled son looks like his
son I said he looks so much like oh wow
Asad that's true man if you got a son
that's crazy man this is thousand and
five two thousand five hundred five two
thousand and five that's crazy
hey do me gang I just got home I hope
you all enjoyed this vice we did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey I need to tell you guys something
it is about Jason basically I've told
you guys the issue with Jason he heard
about what happened and he called me and
left me like these messages on my phone
and it's like really scary scary
messages like threatening me and stuff
and I don't know if I should show you
guys and approach him and speak to him
about it I'm still trying to decide but
most likely either tomorrow or after
tomorrow I'm going to show you guys what
he said because it was so scary so mean
and so messed up so stay tuned for that
and I want to approach him I do when I
approach him and talk to him about about
the same time I don't so I'm still
deciding and I need you guys to help me
out with it but other than that I see
you guys tomorrow do me dang thank you
guys so much relevant support take care
and I like
