alright guys I'll just wash my hand
he-man I don't know what she's making
but she told me to help her out and like
cut some Tomatoes
hey guys what's up with Ruby yang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day right now
I'm in New York City this area's called
financial district I'm about to meet up
with someone because I'm making a video
in a couple days a cooking video and the
person that I'm about to me right now is
a professional cook she is going to have
her own TV show of a cooking TV show
real real soon and she is Middle Eastern
Jordanian so I decided you know what we
got to represent because Aceros we cook
really really good so I'm about to meet
her for the first time right now never
met her I do not know what to expect but
in a few days we're going to have a
cooking video because I decided it's
Ramadan and let's have a cooking video
I've never really done the cooking video
only with slim on slim channel I've
never done one on my channel so I
decided let's get some stuff cooking so
it's cooking up in here I'm with Monica
so what I want to and the one and only
Iman who's cooking you master hi hi guys
what's up introduce yourself to them
hi I'm Eman yes I'm sure I'm cooking for
Adam we're making this roasted carrots
and potatoes and then some steak later
mom
here's some heirloom oh my gosh we're
going to make salad out of that we
decided to meet up today so we can get
to know each other a little more because
on Thursday we're filming cooking
challenge Amman you ready I'm ready
enjoy your day I'm ready yeah and also
you know filming for your new question
her nomination you guys did I make you
better than your movie oh that's what
it's called if you just look better than
your mother interesting
oh we're going to see how it goes to mom
on fit most couples crazy but look so
that's Tiger chili pie which is a spicy
okay you like right
I like with you is it not really really
funny
they're guys my friend Wow Becky oh
about my bathroom look these are called
purple carrots I've never loo like
purple carrots even exist on guys I'll
just wash my hand
wee man I don't know where she's making
but she told me to help her out and like
cups of tomatoes how did you not
available because everything that got is
like really unique is this tomato look
at this tomato this is like two tomatoes
pluck each other you can do we can do
this I was going to eat here single bar
okay so you're going to coordinate the
meal yeah mmm we have to remove that
first
yeah remove the court members years I
mean it's just unpleasant in your mouth
it's not a nice slider it sucks right
look like my fingernail can't really go
through it very good today okay so most
people will quarter tomato by cutting
that like just slicing through it don't
do that you're wasting a lot of the
tomatoes you want to go do what I did
and just go around it and remove okay so
what I want you to we want to keep the
integrity because this is really special
right like you can see all the lines so
just kind of follow the lines there you
go
I want a thicker piece so that way you
have to like you use your knife and fork
so like maybe every other line just like
the tomato super easy hazel and I don't
know I'm so nervous
yes
I think it's like the second part of
ever life really
you look like you know what you're doing
those Thursday when we film you're going
to be like what tell you to kick me out
you like now they got it others boom all
right well if you want to you want to
just make sure you keep your chops on
this I guarantee you got it and so now
you kind of want to look I know that
your perfectionist I do y'all trying to
move the little I see you Oh cut it
right here put it down
no oh it's always keep it down because
if you cut in here up here you can call
your netiquette
right yes I'll just keep testing you
although it's my top in the top card you
want to lower your knife kuna show
couple your legs a little you hold later
walk your eminence because you can
control it right you choke up on the
knife a little bit so you're going to
use mostly the kick okay she makes the
Lick towing trust me is really hard
cutting me tomatoes they go boom Wow
Karen you would also like if you wanted
to cut it in half a little bit you don't
when you're first working with it you
can put it down and like help yourself
so I get some salt in the Georgia how do
you like that Angela and pull you he
knows nobody's doing that on a hot sorry
look at this big looks so good I think
is there any seasoned salt and pepper
the pen as you can see it's kind of
smoking you don't need it got hot you
want it hot enough gonna make just tell
me yeah okay
wow we're gonna let it hang out for like
you want to give it like two minutes
don't touch it don't move it let it cook
yes yes we got to stir it up a few
minutes they probably want to stare at
you instead my friend know you smoked oh
good oh my god once you start to see
this that beautiful brown color this
wall makes it slips escape and now we're
gonna bake they you baste it with butter
so you let it cook for like
depending on how sweet this cake is
you're going to let it cook for like 30
seconds and meaning however long and
then you're going to add a knob of
room-temperature butter mousse okay so
the reason how you do this is because
the butter has milk solids inside of it
yeah and those milk solids starts to
turn brown and once you put them on top
of the face you gotta let that melt a
little longer all the soldiers you put
them on top of the state the speak also
starts to get a little more Brown your
votes for color or flavor and us cases
go really well we're also going to do go
to make it nice dirt so that's rule
number one of the kitchen is making
night sight for the rowing is a little
more butter this is not for anyone on a
diet
okay so if you're on the site you have
to get out of my kitchen I'm over this
we're going to add some earth so we're
going to do some baby pinch sometimes be
careful cuz it pops Oh blue street hands
it'll be inserted so I'm actually going
to put the herbs right on top of this
date
and now I'm just said how do you do me
like make your fake well done or meeting
well no medium medium yen's
immediate I like update immediately okay
you know how to eat it
very good then I take this off and I'm
going to set it right here yes and we're
going to let that meat rest and a lot of
chefs each of our culture's that a chef
taught me would you let the you put all
the garlic and the herbs right on top of
that space Momo go thank you and you let
it just dress like that you want to cut
the stink at a thickness that I'm that's
edible pretty much and look that's
beautiful that's perfect it's a little
pink on the outside but red in the
middle that's mid-rare Wow your food is
definitely programmable
see you're like sugar guy sitting for
all the people who are having to cook
for them he knows what he's doing now
look at him up he's never in one look
hi guys I told slim I butter and slim to
come through because they're besties and
I have a best friend solid like you know
what might as well comforted some has no
idea what's going on he's so confused
he's texting me like Oh Adam was going
on like I might just come here said his
apartment so he's like you making me
nervous I'm like just come trust me he's
gonna love it he loves food his name is
slim be like he started gaining weight a
little bit so like can ironic change
Beauty chub so we're about to see him
right now so it was you it was the
hospital
welcome guys a huge shout out to Eman
Emad thank you so much make sure you
guys go check her out because we're
going to have a video coming out real
real soon I believe either Thursday or
Friday or Saturday one of the day's
going to be out right now means slim
about the head somewhere
- they wear go ahead to someone I do
beginning you guys know that every year
me is playing we got to take a chance in
life well son is trying something new
but I'm taking a chance every single
year I won't be the first time we did it
we want to blonde I want all blonde
well you have long he look like an Oreo
cookie and after that I want to like
green but after that someone like gray
then I'm a blonde again and I want pink
and then some wet
okay back to them and you want blue we
want different colors but today we're
doing something a little different we're
not doing no colors since I hair is
pretty much long we're getting fit one
two three grades we're getting right
here braids I don't I don't taking video
also this is what I think and have a
couple pictures and you tell me what
would look as about to happen
taking a chance to life should I pick up
my bonne chance
I don't know it comes site license
okay
Thank You Jan sometimes in life you got
to take a chance you know are you
thinking here for you guys I actually
think you guys are going to like it
because usually they hate it when I take
a chance so like my viewers of Douma
gang gang gang gang gang if you yeah
going to earn 1 billion of how's it
looking I can't barely see it I feel
good
I'm pretty much almost done we set out
my wife Kim my husband goes oh sorry I
wish I do I look at you like that he's a
lucky man Wow
thank you so much to Kim I appreciate it
thank you I think I see you it is I got
we die in respected yeah you ever see
his life but it's so funny I'm a better
honestly really Malik says but he
doesn't funny cuz you got the glasses on
so my guy so slim really really hates
his one okay exactly a little bit yeah
he really hates it so I told to get
different ones but he hates it he's
gonna explain it on his vlog but right
now I'm gonna go and show Hamza and
hailer my hair I have not showed my dad
and I'm going to show my dad maybe
tomorrow
so this vlog is probably going to be to
be continues for tomorrow because my dad
will go and say abcs braids I think I
think you're going to because I remember
last time I got it
you want crazy so shoulder my hair come
I'm just going this so I can touch you
know how I'm gonna fight it right here
you know that's the first things a Chevy
guys to fight you and pull you by the
head what the heck this is my hand said
his name is a do me he's finally needed
to have a seat up for a while slender
need to carry him I'll just name a
stupid name you gonna pick him up you
know no one has ever picked him up I
come in you get a blame it on it doesn't
buy the baby one no one has ever pick
them up tools now come here what's so
funny oh you guys know I just I did
enough I got you yo summers great people
to come to give me a clue bro yes mean
Slim is the first one ever to carry a
book Slim is that you made it through
what yeah you like so I gotta skip it
Wow from Yugi bro I'm one with an amide
illusion give you the hints to myself my
whole family scared of it you're the
only one that's like that picked it up
Wow like area like animals you have man
smooth do me gang I'm finally home I
just like in my dad did not see this yet
tomorrow if you guys want me to show my
dad to show my hair here's I'm honestly
scared because the last video the last
crazy prank I did my dad was like a
pregnant one and with this one he gets
really really angry but maybe a normal
dad he won't say anything so if you guys
thumbs up this video this video gets
forty two thousand and five hundred
thumbs up I'll do it and show my dad
tomorrow and I'll upload it tomorrow
thank you guys so so much for every time
I see you guys tomorrow also leave a
comment below let me know your real
honest opinion I really want to know
like let me know I don't know you guys
tell me your opinions to do me tweet me
your opinions I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace I like
