okay oh my island oh do you watch my
skin off bro
hey guys what's up to do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing date so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day it is 2:00 p.m.
right now and I have to do a livestream
at 3 p.m. and slim is one hour away from
me so I'm taking over right now to him
and I'm going to do the live stream on
you now so we can chill out and have a
fun Ramadan livestream also I'm duct
taping slim on live streaming you guys
will see why and I'll see you guys and
the next shot
adieu me gang I just got this looms
house I'm doing a live stream right now
you and I live stream it looks amazing
I spoke about everything with you guys
and handle everything is good but right
now it's the main part we're about the
duct tape because slam the state times
up on the sister guideline so today with
duct tape Minh
don't know your the dirt is so strong
then stop but Adam stop Hamza won't you
get chopped everybody but you betting
has a real estate ah oh you oh gods
waters waters only house opens up in it
this way how about vampires yo look at
this bite that's longer I'm dying I'm
done Brooklyn gonna be hair down head
down yeah we better get done see we
really grill is it my leg just sure so
close what been around okay
don't notice my absence I was madam see
this is gonna take days
you wanna get you going right thank you
go watch it all day long wrong the only
this love or a lot of duct tape can he's
gone
oh my god yeah
imagine I see the bathroom or something
one day oh my god have a screams oh no
oh my oh do you know how much is on one
BAM what's hip cup yogurts my hair
getting ripped off my hand in hi guys so
let me check right out say I'm sorry how
does a farmer okay hey I don't know
yep you have to link um hands it's Pope
oh do it
oh shit you like not so before I'm sure
yeah you're fixing up good night oh yeah
he's with you guys little hair stylist I
want armpit here yo stop helping job
because you're not say what up gang gang
gang gang gang egg without see you guys
because what a beautifly write something
on the load
I've seen you guys what what's the
Toronto gang alright guys we just got
done with you now I want to give you
each other kind of first of all how to
do thank you so much was it for him
for giving me the camera I would have
never done you now and another huge
shout out to the homie slim for letting
me duct-tape him so slimming slim I
dumped him hit me good I had to do it
because you duct-tape times the last
time but so good it was really really
fun there's there's like a couple people
outside of sometimes I'm not like
doesn't because a lot of people like
stalkers house this area is like a lot
of like Middle Eastern people and then
he knew what we're doing like a you now
so slim but do not come to Slim's house
they like I don't know if some is really
sad private territory yeah private
there's really private and it's like
it's rude if you call me a sand plus
Plymouth throw at you if you come so
yeah
hi guys right now we're playing video
games we have UFC slim just deeming I'll
be such a gamer freak man but we got the
homie right here started I haven't seen
every so long my brother what's up I do
it sounds getting good chillin
the chuck wood sure get up to oh yeah I
mean really smooth st. W been good yeah
I like your background with you back
you got a divas burger oh is a question
question look at it and I mean hey you
lost me every I got doing gang people do
football I do football class tonight any
like will talk to that hashtag do for
the vlog me more do sort of like hash
tag do but it is it well baby does
hiding like a bother
now but I'm are a porno what is the same
a little ooh baby smile goes in thank
you oh they're good
no I was literally winning it uh you
know to get knocked down I get up there
yeah
battle everybody I am look at that Oh
what I mean you get in my house I'm
explain those
I'm busy just an Internet I already said
the intro brand new day new day new day
oh why not oh I love singing right guys
hi guys so I'm here with the s ba
brothers this is like it's rare for me
to be here with ulema a go through it on
the repo I'm with slim mini slim I mean
Hamza college and Static lab people a
little bit so there's like a really
really huge thunderstorm outside so we
couldn't really go outside and vlog so I
decided to let's have some fun and we're
waiting so steps on so it's not some fun
and play truth or dare like a mini truth
or dare but like an extreme one yummy so
you get patron so you can ask any
question you want crazy questions you
want for there we'll have it I will buy
him what freshmen teach everything is
fastened O'Malley eliminate mothers
coming up due July dates coming up so
here's a person I think
I thought of birthday is July 6 maximum
my create no way whoa July what are you
guys I'm like four days after so uh my
son like that yet all plans that we
don't go deliver we have the video I
will go back to that my Burton after
that day did I did much no way no way
I'm opposed I was livid he done we set
up all you guys allow all our buildings
all within two months
yeah I'm tomorrow nothing family like
different one January when to join one
slim is gonna go first I choose truth oh
yeah jauntily whatever you say okay
there's gonna be deep lesson all right
so okay
so if I'm the head and Sophia
they were sitting down right there and
if thief comes and he has a big big
babies water gun he has a big water gun
with bleach inside and he's like yo slim
who do you want me to shoot right now I
have to shoot one of them what are you
gonna say this is evening off excuse me
like a ship you and the other average
house that Sophia I hope so they could
take a week I'll do the hundred I'm the
only father
yeah times yes the truth are there okay
there oh I like that I like that he's a
real he's real
I'll back daredevil you know what I'm
saying so I dare you to keep your mouth
shut - yeah I we have some tape ready
all right and enjoy no chance I might
turn truth or dare i'ma say I'm say - is
it true that you like Ramon Alma happen
oh I like I'm uh I like both of them
equally but five to choose right now
I'll choose Rhema annex and we don't
know the puppy thing I'm a daredevil
Susan okay okay I'm sure there's to God
right there I'm uh I dare you to tape
your hand you want silence together oh
come on
go for sweets my bloody campaign piggy
Caitlin I gotta fix this is terrible hi
guys now it's not a truth in there don't
need make it just would you say brother
slow or padded ha more honest you salute
whoa why what is doing more videos any
game ended hi guys we are done with the
mini truth in there challenge you don't
take off yet let me finish it don't take
it off
yeah we're about to have Gustad in like
30 40 minutes I'll give you chatter live
from certification make sure you guys
check them out the link will be down
below to Stockton and Kylie's having us
back
make sure you guys go check in well not
both a time they upload and they have
different channels like different
channels which is really really dope I
wish me my older brother or me my little
brother I rarely see have like useful
channels together but ass-fucking
YouTube channel yeah thank you guys
thank you to the l back family for being
savages and crazy so are your portal
family to my men definitely won't thank
God Almighty because thank you guys so
much on them to do it do me any we're
finally breaking our fast
finally hands allowed so hungry we're
having starters right now then after
that we're going to primitive then after
that we're going to eat some more so you
shout out to the back family
inter-college hamza insulin out of
mommies' this little villa Adams leaving
in solo at least allow me to know this
no I am so he's always putting me on the
spot times mama ma I don't want to leave
so that I'm like yo come to me on a bike
that I said he always puts me on the
spot
so she own his mana spots to come on
member hold it time oh my god there's
some what's up with cream cheese it
tastes ol Bebo
cigarette have you tried to some what's
up with chocolate
hi guys we just got done praying now
about to eat some lasagna get me food
once again both colors came on thank you
so much any sisters I'm not sure I
appreciate about everything thank you so
much you'll need to think anyone you
demand
go to my house to marry what she said
with a thank you oh you will match all
Island you a life mother gagging oh it
is and I have a life of amateur Heavy D
Alene ma√±ana Charlotte no I didn't my
children Joker and davido is a collage I
don't have a Duma gang I'm finally home
once again thank you so much to college
slim tada times n so the whole L back
family I appreciate you guys so much but
now it's time to end the vlog but I
gotta tell you guys something because
the man not ZZ is doing this little
charity event in Luton England Lou in
England this near London I believe and
it's going to be this Friday at 3:30
p.m. all the information is right here
at Nadeem Plaza one thing that me and
Naz love doing is charity work I know
that I'm not going to be having like a
lot of events in the future until I
don't know one because I'm working on a
lot of projects right now but the homie
Naz is on Friday in Luton and I need a
do me yank to go represent and go show
some love to the homie not easy 3:30
p.m. this Friday and a Dean Plaza go get
your cakes
I believe you can buy cakes and all the
money goes to charity it's going to the
Aamir Khan Foundation and miR Khan's
charity was which they're doing an
amazing amazing job but not as easy I
appreciate you for doing this charity I
appreciate you for like helping out the
people who are less fortunate I
recommend you guys to go and have fun
and turn up with the homie Naz easy I'm
so sad I can't be there but not as easy
still going to turn up and represent for
do me and I do me and you guys get
represent for me so I need you guys to
go Luton 3:30 p.m. in the deme Plaza
other than that we're going to wrap up
this value here thank you guys so so
much for your love and support I truly
appreciate it if you enjoyed this vlog
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey
I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow with
another daily vlog take care and peace I
like
