hey guys what's up you're dooming yang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day in Douma
gang today what's up ryo-san
are you doing you doing guys walk walk
do you hug I missed you
what you up to so you doing in my room
mm-hmm huh Oh to scare you
why you trying to scare me for 10 and do
that's the lag the duma gang it took me
at Rhema so long to try to do this
handshake when try it again cuz we kind
of mess up the first time ready I do we
can do it that's how we do it so all you
will video oh what's going on for the
video
Momsen you wanna see a handshake eggwin
to your handshake yeah what is it hi
washes is it ready says it's a dog start
life you know what I'm saying we dogs
out here questions right margin I know
rema what's up yeah I know what's that
Oh ha what's up you chillin look nothing
is there anything new what's that wasn't
are you doing there are guys guys guys
again I'm in a nice shake what are you
gonna do this if you made a handshake
who'd you make it with yourself you were
like this yes she basically did antique
with oh captain Lou Jordan because
though I'm gonna ask Rima and mostly
questions about their father you guys
ready okay
okay you guys got to answer in all
honesty okay okay fuck every mom do you
want Baba to shave his beard hmm okay
Muslim do you want Baba to shave his
beard yeah oh this one yes one no even
the reason why I won't have to shave his
beard because I miss him without is like
you know like a beard like my and I want
you guys I'm just going to talk like
this is Adam Solomon's life you st.
Remus Allah loves he's going to drop me
something that's having a fight about
some gestures Adams on blogs relax but I
don't all about Reba fuck yeah let it
going when it is slide Idol solve it
online
let's like make your own channel go make
your own one you know how many flies
could you buy this one you're fine a new
house you like Yahoo relaxing when you
going through a hard you know okay cool
I'm looking in my brother you like being
added my brother you're lucky it what's
up next we got a girl dream up don't go
crazy up relaxed remark well so do you
guys don't see of life fighting I'm just
joking we don't have fights but they do
beat me up for no reason they're already
question I'm gonna give you another
question
alright give us 10 you gotta answer
these questions fast okay okay tell me
three things that you love la ba ba go
oh I like I log puck you love the mark I
like I don't I like gonna make him cry
don't prize over you're gonna make you
bubble crying don't cry
don't cross why'd you make me cry like
that yeah no he's not
why would you make nobody quite like
that you want to make him cry go make
him cry on your channel Reema thought a
lot bouncing right you want to box me
box me what whatever go make him climb
Reema no joke I go on muscle sounds like
Adam everybod what hey yo monk you mean
I got it okay okay are you moment look
at this do it you can my arm is bigger
than you guys my arm is fiercely bigger
- look Louis I got let go let go look at
this look at it Louis showing you my
ladies look at this I'm like a monkey
boy I hit like I'll tell y'all ready
yeah go
ah play so cool hold on tight ah my girl
do me gang I am in Georgia I am in a
city 45 minutes away from Atlanta and
then I was here around a couple months
ago and Vidalia Georgia because I was
filming the movie that I am in where we
get six families all over America who
are afraid and fear Muslim and fly them
out and take them all the way to Egypt
so I'm here in Georgia for less than 24
hours to have a meeting with the
producers because I'm leaving to Egypt
and literally less than two weeks and
I'm so excited and at the same time I'm
kind of nervous because the people that
are going to six families who are afraid
of Muslims that are going there like
legit like scared of me I don't I'm not
really allowed to say anything because I
have to save that to the movie but
that's pretty much what I'm nervous
about and I can't really vlog around all
the families and I wish I can show you
guys what's going on with the families
but that still the movie is out in a
couple months but I am heading to Egypt
June 30th so I'm going to be there for
10 days filming the rest of the movie
it's going to be insane it's going to be
crazy especially with these families
that are here that some people who I
feel like saying all the in like info
and details or the people that are
coming like I can't oh my gosh limb came
along with me and I played twister with
him so let's enjoy twisting it do
gang I'm with my best friend slim and
slim went through something really
really crazy that's why he hasn't posted
from two days and I'm here to just like
I was just talk to him to make him chill
because I love him he's not brother and
I want to make him happy I'll do
whatever to make him happy but you'll
talk about it I don't want to say not
10-1 I just want to play twisted well
you going to tell you guys on his
channel for the link will be down below
to his channel a fun-loving bro
says well face listen he's my right hand
like oh my dad says I'm his ransom it's
all right hand and I always wanted to be
happy and I always wanted to like I love
a man says he says I love you so much
cooler even though like like your name
sure to be slim anymore because using
compound up your name should be chub is
now a tough job I still love you man and
just like yeah this place Wister yeah
I'm done a fun fact is I've never ever
played twister in my life never but
since I have no clue why slim has won
we're going to play twister so you ready
no how do you play so pretty much I
don't know to play is like a challenge
to spin left foot right foot spin
whatever you get land the person is a
dupe uh-oh left hand on a cloud of green
don't have her hold on purple anything I
choose
yeah I'll choose left hand on blue left
hand up a loop I got right hand on on
red on red I what the hell spin and it's
going to be left hand on red let's hang
on there is so I move my hand again yeah
look yellow right hand and blue uncle
this is the weirdest game ever right
foot on whatever color I want to the
teeth right foot on blue right foot
absolute I just move your feet man alone
hit senator slim oh my god like left
hand on green you know look at my bar
done hit cool guy
right foot on blue right foot is on blue
also named just millions millions bit
again
left foot on any color I'll put left
foot on red sorry
oh my god your turn I came to see you
guys I'm gonna hit right hand on red
zone spit of rhythm what the hell would
it be without slamming okay my turn
oh no no I'll work right in on green
green is always a my change yes I do it
greet he'll do it no matter what sort of
it
I can't run look like shit quick right
there oh my god oh I get my feet
something though like then you spit of
them I got right hand on green closes
this is the weirdest visit out right
foot on yellow I feel like I'm giving
birth right foot on yellow life on
yellow awesome slim with that little
furry
right hand on yellow I write as I go ah
I can sit so we landed what the hell
Oh shadow everything y'all don't know
mentally we'll do it already
Sam baby just observing Wow Oh buddy
Footwear problem ah hurt smoke so does
that make you smile liberal as long as
it makes milk as long as it makes one
smile so as long as it makes me smile as
long as they made limp smile I'm good so
we'll be streaming on Monday 3 p.m. New
York City time Monday 3 p.m. - anytime
I'm doing a live you now who knows maybe
slim is going to be here who maybe my
whole family maybe I don't know but make
sure you guys go on you-now monday 3
p.m. of doing a Ramadan livestream sure
to do a lot bro often I heard the last
time he did a livestream he duct-taped
his little brother like all the dude
it's like why would he does take the
little brothers who's for man you know
what next last year mama does taking you
how about that honor yes guys next
livestream I'm duct taping slim you know
what I'm not even gonna be with my
family to slice you I'm going to go meet
up with slim get duct tape
it it duct-taped him 3 p.m. trouble on
live stream Monday you ready abducted
that's it yes obviously yeah nope I'm
duck to even why would you don't have
that responding for meaning let see you
guys tomorrow
make sure you guys come through Monday
thumbs up if you still enjoy this video
and thumbs up you guys as excited as me
for the ramen on livestream and I'm
getting new houses do me yang thank you
guys so much I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care err peace clay
