I'm telling you
and how much you offer some baby right
you can get money come to the crying
laughing of our good flying skills
ready Wow yeah you wanna see this office
boys it govind are you they always want
to come in to do it oh do you guys hear
that yeah my mom always has to vacuum
whenever i'm vlogging hey guys what's up
to do me again I hope you're having an
amazing day because I have an amazing
date so if I'm having an amazing day you
all should be having an amazing happy -
anyone is watching Ramadan Mubarak was
it anyone that's watching normal on
robotic it's day one you guys are
probably watching but for me it's still
day zero bubble on frost starts tonight
so tonight we could finally dig in eat
and then from tomorrow call me down when
I'm ready we're gonna have some fun
right now and after that I'm going to
talk to you guys about something really
really important you guys want to go
outside guilty all right guys we're
outside and I want to tell you guys
something I am filming a new fashion
channel video finally view photographer
not I'm a videographer can you take a
picture thing of course yeah I think the
Dutch actually said one of my fault and
I miss
cool you guys I'm sure to help me anyway
provider we had a willing to get like
hospital speakers out there that's it I
like ready with reaction watch it takes
less picture ready good but that's it
that is it I mean they put that on
Facebook my friends are gonna be over
well yep that's it got it
guys you're awesome thank you very much
and have a great day little IKEA bye bye
I always take the best pictures you know
that right no right
right now I'm filming a fashion settle
me and a right now I want to show you
guys much I'm trash liner battler ok
these in colors yeah I'll be muscle is
screaming at what times it is wearing
white wearing my freakin outfit
yeah often your shot Ruby I totally
forgot surround or not really don't know
whenever happens in wear something in
mind look at this LMG wow whenever you
wear something of mine is like messed up
alright so for the fashion Channel video
is going amazing it's really really fun
and it's something it's something dope
something really good are you guys going
to have fun to smoke it when you run
into layman Moses
hey come back
while you keep putting away from you try
to run away from home give it some often
we're going to see it's like people
actually want to buy him okay ready get
home but we have to give it much anyway
we'll have to sell them selling the baby
so much
how much you offering a baby you can get
knowledge before you come to the crying
laughing about good flying skills
everyone just
yes
you like the vibra not leave give me a
pizza I'll give you the big many pieces
don't give me applied to because of you
I'll give you give me twice I'm going to
give you peace now you get some often
see this you get this
we gave I get it I got him
thousands okay this dude's got to give
you pizza to keep mustard
I need a thorn for the Belgians kids
immediately odd dollars you
Oh check you exactly even have any
muscle in an ally
not everyone getting up give you kiss
energy well he was buddy as oh yes I can
tell you you gotta give me like a dog
killer Ansari to Rosewood high okay we
get ya
I know you don't want good service
bedroom don't you ever go with anyone
okay even if you're saying oh I know
your mommy and daddy don't go with them
okay thank you thank you so much thank
you guys
that's what I'm gonna be looking at for
the hold on the line these two kids
eating are you enjoying that yeah I like
that I want a good right foot up that
one's good too don't worry that's one of
my favorite let me get up on the back
Turner on the left yeah this one I like
down with this one and the other are me
looking when I like guys I'm trying to
choose some jeans I don't know which one
to get so what the heck
what are you doing most of things
mannequins are real
you think medical crazier it doesn't
move huh we Adam the either my face
oh yeah that's quite a busy fella Kate
was doing I have to talk with you very
well what did he do is every plus it
stop motion stop the dude is insane man
thus I would never want to bring much
shopping company that no no again
hi guys the last time I jumped over the
gate and I will jump over mountain and
Rima there pretty much my life so bub
what's up I messed up and like do not
move at all
whew
so baby I just dumped some of mine yes
in Japan I go to vote million track go
but man track
hi guys let me jump over hams ahem the
race yeah sure
get a cold address my I are good guys
right lady I don't know far nothing
matter we matter huh
I've never do anything you keep running
around huh
how you keep running around so thick is
it legit keep looking back I'm sorry I'm
sorry sorry
Kristin ready what's the nice guys with
Muhsin
awesome mustard
what love you guys most often I can't
find him
hello Marcin love zucchini mom today
anyway
Wow I love how he knows I'm there when
he's playing the longer it's upside down
Lucas look at he faded about the top of
that down pretty glasses so I hate
living in New York sold-out outside but
it do me again I'm finally home I just
woke up from a nap Ramadan officially
starts tonight and I'm so so excited I'm
so happy and I really hope I can achieve
this Lebanon by making you guys you know
closer to God making you guys smile and
making you guys entertained during
Ramadan also I have something really
important to talk to you guys about but
I'm not going to talk about it in this
vlog I'll talk about it probably in a
couple days if this happens again it's
something really really really important
and really like I can't believe some
people actually do some ish like this
but if it happens again and it's
something really personal to me and my
family but happens again I'll mention it
in the vlog and I'll keep you guys
updated so um yeah I really hope you
guys can all ready for this whole
Ramadan for like thermo skits so I'm
going on live streams and I'm going on
Lonzo not pranks it's about to get crazy
and I want you guys to go extra hard
extra Turkey
thumbs up this video and let's see how
it goes tomorrow is day one Ramadan have
a blessed month I love you guys and I'll
see you guys tomorrow do me a thumbs up
and go Tech peace I like
you
