hey darling I'm calling from the UK I
would like to ask if you have some tea
hey guys what's up and do me getting I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing this or
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day do
beginning I am at the new Adams family
house I've never really done a video on
this side of the house but it feels so
good why am i doing what my son does
good to me again before we get the black
star to make sure you guys subscribe so
you can stay updated on my videos every
single day and do not forget to give it
a thumbs up and do me a i'm preciate
every single one of you guys for giving
the blacks and thumbs up thank you guys
may not all my life to you thank you
thank you so much oh you my kidney oh
you my heart actually I'm gonna need my
heart but I will give you my right ankle
I don't know what I'm doing but I'm in
such a high pipe mood today's video is
gonna be crazy dope let's open up
something first that you guys sent me
from the pill box do me getting thank
you guys so much for sending me stuff
whatever it is thank you guys so so much
it is right here my pill box
if you guys want to send anything let's
open up what is this this sounds like
clothes
I'm the worst to opening so this is
clothes oh this is from Watson Monson is
not here right now he's at his cousin's
house but I will give this to him when
he comes and this is Reema's right here
look at this this is so cute more
moistened clothes and this is I believe
for moss and once again and this this
bag right here it's for me I didn't get
no clothes where's my clothes I'm pretty
sure she left me something in there for
me I don't have anything oh do me a I'm
just joking I got a key chain that says
I love Toronto
oh my god thank you so much cuz I do
love Toronto tada
6 X 6 X 6 X this is from Amina Amina
thank you so much for everything
my son every mother gonna be so so happy
I'm gonna be so happy because I'm gonna
put this on my keys I love Toronto my
keys
that's it I got my keys on it I love
Toronto I always use what you guys give
me do me XO thank you so much whatever
you got send whatever it is even with
the keychains I love it so much thank
you I love you and now let's get started
with the video I need to sit down like
this let's talk so a long long long time
ago a few years back I did a video prank
calling you guys pray calling it do me
game to anyone that's know if you guys
do not know who was the do me gang hit
do me yang are my viewers when I was
younger my mom used to call me do me and
then when I was older I made a youtube
channel and then I had a whole gang and
I was like yo let's make it a do me gang
cuz this don't get it going it don't do
when I do me gonna do react doing it but
yes I'm so so excited I don't know why
I'm so happy doing this video sometimes
when I vlog every single day I just feel
like I'm not a human being because I got
a record every little moment that I do
so doing this video right now makes me
feel makes me feel good you know I got
to prank call my fans and do me again
you ready so I'm told you guys on my
snapchat give me your numbers just give
me any numbers it can be your numbers it
can be other people's numbers that no of
me because oh we're pretty damn awkward
if I call them and they don't know who
the heck I am but let's let's start it
is number I know Bria alright so I'm
looking through my tweets right now if
you guys haven't followed me on Twitter
makes you guys follow me on Twitter it
is right here it's literally where I
speak every single day well I've been
inactive lately because I've been going
through so so much seriously I do not
show you guys a lot of behind the scenes
especially my dad but I hope you guys
understand that I'm like when I'm
inactive I'm actually doing something
I'm not like just ignoring you guys or
anything whoa there's so many freaking
international numbers that I have to
call like +4 4 + 2 1 2 + 9 oh my god
oh my gosh I'm calling it a do me her
name is Alicia she does not know that
I'm about the car but she tweeted me
three minutes ago that just dialed
Alicia's number area code is 3 1 3 I
believe that's in Michigan or ditch for
it 3 1 3 I don't know if you guys seen
the movie 8 mile with Eminem music
everybody fun 2 3 1 3 put your hands up
oh it's alright my editor can't believe
I'm on crazy Oh put your mother
hands up alright Alicia we're calling
you right now let's do it hybrid calling
for the Michigan police station um do
you do live in Michigan
okay Emma is your name Alicia um this is
detective Warren C we just want to ask
you a few questions uh mom we just want
to say that um uh do you have a little
brother an older brother okay so your
older brother you called the police
station and he said that you farted out
in there is it who Adam who this is
officer Warren C fine you got me what's
up Alicia oh my god Holloway did I
actually get you how are you Alicia
what's up I was talking your Twitter Oh
seriously thank you so much for like
everything I always talk your Twitter's
so I'm seeing like you tweet and you
know like positive and nice stuff I
appreciate it school chaos I'm a screw
it screw his but thank you so my
appreciation for we watching every
single day like I owe you my life girl
Alicia was so sweet oh my god I don't
know if she fell for it or not I think
after a while when I said farting they
probably knew was me okay I'm gonna
change it up a little bit with the prank
call me okay I'll make it a little
different
hi guys I'm calling the next person I
don't know this person's name but the
Twitter's like sunshine I don't know I
don't know what this is it doesn't show
no names but I'm gonna call him and
let's see him let's see what's up I'm
gonna do mama solace voice all right hi
mama saw us coming through
hello what's your name
alwa okay okay I just want to know your
name because my son he can't speak to
any girl before I know her name okay and
I need to ask her some questions how
tall are you
five four oh my goodness my son is only
three inches taller than you oh my
goodness okay so you're not allowed to
wear heels you're not allowed to wear
boots hello Allah you're not allowed to
wear any shoes you have to go out with
him no no shoes bare feet bare feet okay
okay he's gonna talk to your mom what's
wrong with you mama oh yeah give me you
no no no Tony mhm no mom give me the
phone
thank you so much for for everything I
appreciate you thank you thank you so
much I love you alright guys next phone
call this person tweeted me saying I
doubt you'd call but um here's my number
so let's call so we can take her doubt
away her name is Sarah let's do it
what's up she's probably annoys me
because I don't know I'm gonna pretend
to be a fan hello oh my god she called
me what the hell oh my god I'm exposed
oh look how are you Sarah wow man you're
like yeah you're the first one that
called me that I pranked everyone but
you heard me so were you from Chicago
shot City what's up what's up was good
the foo see you're watching the food
scene vitality stuff so I'm whose side
are you on
yeah who see who see Dee Posey
oh my god next call this person oh she's
a rounded eye she has a do me gang in
her bio Adam Sala in her BIOS well let's
um let's let's call and see what's up
I got so for this phone call I'm gonna
pretend to be a fan because she tweeted
out her number so any other fan can see
their number so let's see how it goes
I'm gonna pretend to be a fan hopefully
I don't freaking let them hear me I Shh
whistling doing some streaking don't
punch it
hello I'm estate I'm a-saying a battle
and I saw your number on on Twitter now
you thought you're really cute
I saw your number on Twitter I just want
to say that you're so sweet
can you hang out sometime can we can we
get to know each other a bit more my
name is Michael I swing your number on
Twitter on Twitter you can't hear me can
you add me on Instagram I'm ex huh it's
it's it's a da M s a l eh no no ad am
ad as in as in dog am as a L th yeah I
have you have your Twitter this is
Bianca I'm not like a friend on Twitter
this is Adam yeah this is me I told you
my histogram name and you still would I
just want to say I seen your Instagram
me near Twitter bio and I love it so
much and I appreciate you and kisses to
you and I don't know it just makes me
happy when when I see you in your bio
aren't any ones by it I love you more I
promise this is not this is not someone
else this is me I feel bad for tricking
you guys what happen
what's going on there
hello I'm not non-us right sorry I'm
aware you from LA shout out to LA los
angeles what's up yeah I'm a come on so
definitely definitely when I come out
there soon I got to see everyone oh ma
Rida dies in LA in California
any time I should say thank you once
again like for your I'm a Twitter bio
like I owe you are you my kidney girl
anytime thank you I love you I love you
more I'm gonna keep praying calling
people alright I'll follow you on
twitter too I love you I love you more
bye bye I don't want kiss my phone say
bye like Sarah I'd do that to my mom and
everyone but I feel like I don't know
like my dummy gang is like you guys like
my baby so I love you guys like you know
next phone call I'm gonna put a British
accent I don't know maybe it's a good
thing I said tweet me the numbers I
don't know because people think it's
gonna be someone else haze are linked oh
ma I'm calling from the UK I would like
to to ask if you have some tea I'm so
tragic don't be nervous I'm trash I
already embarrassed myself is all right
how you doing I'm great what's your name
Shalini nice to meet you chill on me
were you from Jelani Sri Lanka a shadow
through chilaka what's up I want to go
there someday I know I heard I have a
friend from Sri Lanka shoutout to
everyone from Sri Lanka are you okay I'm
good why are you not okay
is anyone messing with you enough you
sure you sure I'm an alright because you
know if something mess with you I'm
coming straight
I love you so much more so see how much
wanna say thank you so much like every
person that I called I was talking to
Twitter and like thank you for for like
your love and support I appreciate it so
much
alright I'm gonna see you soon right I
love you more take care bye I'm so bad
at this man I'm the worst prank caller
ever unless this the people that like
that's not part of the do me I can prank
people good because the do being mean to
me make an amazing team we can prank
people we can roast each other but at
the end of the day we will always love
each other every single one of us
everyone in the do me egg and me
everyone should love each other I don't
want to see any other do me rather than
I do remembers anyone fighting with each
other I want you guys to love each other
come on I'd be good at amigo be good
well that was your message oh my god I
would know if you got that message tweet
that to me cuz me so so funny
hello you've just won $50,000 just
pressed one to continue okay you've just
lost $50,000 press 2 to continue did you
press 2 okay to win this $50,000 you
need to sing a song would you like to
sing sorry by Justin Bieber I can hear
you singing it you can continue for
$50,000 you have to do the instrumental
beat with it then in it death in it
there hello hello hi this is Emma
actually hi or this is actually Adam and
he's some how are you you know you're
singing it was pretty dope I pray for
this house it's a Dustin viewer what's
your name
yeah this is Adam how are you I love you
too Dora Dora you can talk you good you
go to where you're from Philadelphia
shout-out to Philly in West Philadelphia
born and raised on a playgrounds where I
spent most Monday
I was talking to Twitter I just want to
say thank you for like your love and
support and you sang really good
you are a sounds good I'm gonna see you
there then all right I love you by the
way guys Oh homie Issa is right here
that's what some phone calls I got out
of breath what you guys doing down there
playing basketball before so ah damn
you're slim sometimes Duncan do
beginning that is the end of this video
if you guys enjoyed it make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go turkey a huge
shout out to everyone out there to all
over do me again if you guys want me to
do more of this let me know in the
comments below I'll do a part two if you
guys want next week part 2 part 2
yeah for to party to do me a part you
thank you got so much love and support
if you guys haven't subscribed make sure
you guys subscribe put your
notifications on and do me gags everyone
that I call because everyone who tweeted
me their number or gave me the number
and message or whatever I love you guys
so much
I really hope one day 2018 2019 2020
2021 I get to meet you guys and see you
as I like have a convo and you know and
get to connect with you guys because
every time I meet you guys when I'm on
tour it's like the best feeling ever
so to everyone in the UK Australia
Indonesia Malaysia Singapore
you guys haven't gotten your tickets
make sure you get your tickets March 10
that's the day it comes out March 10th
Adam saw worldwide calm
it's literally limited seats for this
tour so it's legit first-come
first-serve there's gonna be a lot of
sad rotted eyes towards the tour because
people are gonna get them in the
beginning quick and then at the end a
lot of you guys knew but oh my god I
tickets at tickets but I do beginning to
feel disappointment make sure you guys
get your tickets March 10th I'm telling
you guys this right now and do not
forget it's to get famous you can
pre-order it March 9 and it is out March
11th on my youtube channel all over and
do me at the music video the whole song
huge shout-out to my rider guys I'm see
you guys tomorrow
take care and thanks I love you I love
you guys I love every single yep love
you know me
