what is this oh good job you know what
it is say cow cow cow go what whoo good
job you can have the head of us hey guys
what's up ado me yank I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day so I forgot to do the
intro so I'm doing it right now and I'm
going to give you guys a whole
introduction about this whole vlog
because it was crazy so today I have to
babysit Muhsin Rima Hamza and Jay man
four of the baddest kids in the Adams
family I had to babysit them Mawson
wakes up so so early around 6 7 a.m. so
I had to wake up with him and give him
like a bubble bath change his diapers
and put him back to a nap how does that
I had to give him a haircut jimana have
to get it from school and Rima to get
her from school too so I was pretty much
a father for a day so I challenge myself
for the whole day so just make myself
feel like I'm a father and like put
myself in like my dad's shoes or any
father's shoes and take care of these
kids as if I'm a dad so I did that today
for the whole vlog and it was insane
this is what happened so enjoy the vlog
thumbs up the video subscribe for daily
videos because I'm almost at 3 million
subscribers so subscriber dooming
and enjoy this long black so mustn't
begged me for a bow bass muscle sig
bubble bath third rank no bubble bath
not bubble bag
bubble bath upper back no no not bubble
bath come on Graham no bubble bath yeah
bath yes yes sir
what why would you do that you nasty ah
you must eat more then I have so much so
far B oh my god
I'm sorry give your dream of the last
one what a miracle
yeah okay here we go go call you must go
hmm I'll close it
I want you afraid hmm you want yourself
raised oh very good on that Moses why
what it kiss me when I was so scared
No Oh bus I'm on my hair whoa oh no no
no putting the book oh this one more
time I just swallowed water is on my
nose ah ah so nasty huh hey more than
you peed on the freaking for Morphin you
now see you just paid it II know again
okay know again okay no it's time for
you to go to sleep
hey pop you to take a nap I don't even
think I put on his diapers right I
stopped you take it out Fela not nice so
no no not this way Oh a lot you okay
Grisham look first huh go get your milk
first hey I'm the worst bad man go get
your milk milk a leap nope
it wasn't knows what hey what are you
doing hey get your howl even out let's
go
not funny gang look and leave no
chocolate milk yeah no yeah why all
right you don't want it yeah look at you
talking Oh yelling farted he farted I'm
back here oh no don't go get those
martyred at muslin know what
this dude is on the phone with a half a
lot you look like a freaking idiot
talking on the phone you like this also
yeah man what's up why are you now I
know that I'll have to get a haircut
right now you're like what it was the
suitors on the phone or the Apple watch
we're heading to the barbershop right
now about to fix up my son I'm done
autumn saying give me your breasts shape
up Rania huh it's your wife's right here
I cut it but you know go back go back
sauce tonight
and now you know daddy's gonna give you
a knife I'm a daddy three days let me
give you a nice fresh skin paid okay so
earlier today someone made it funny man
I didn't know I just woke up you know
dad has to wake up and like put on
whatever I'll put on whatever I'll put
on this Real Madrid Jersey and then I
put on these pants and these pants are
bran stallonus but I basically put on
curry and LeBron things together is kind
of dumb but I was sleepy and I need to
get a haircut and come to me to get a
haircut so so I'm sorry to all the
soccer and full of fans but they're both
amazing teams so yeah at least I am
right Oh Hamza number who's sure you
weren't lying is sure that I got from
Amsterdam man but now have a with it
though yeah I always wear me but not
mess it up okay I'm gonna show them the
before and after my son right now
motions before half right ready this is
before three danza yeah I'm gonna snap
it up it nah hey hey mother how's it
looking fresh like that was resident
giving a little to give a little twirl
look at that hey it's also got a haircut
and I also got a facial because I get a
facial like every month and it really
hurt my face I don't think I can see my
nose it's so red but it's good for like
it's good for is good for your face I
like getting facials but I lost Hamza
this dude freaking went outside while I
was getting a facial and now I can't see
him and I'm trying to call him and he's
not picking up
I feel like I feel like a horrible dad
right now but the good thing is he's 12
years old so he might know the way to
home
for the Montana something I would get
freaking I would get in big trouble
however what ah I know it is very good
what do you guys doing hi doing good are
you doing hi guys I just surprised Rima
at her after school place I still do not
know where Hamza but I'm chilling with
Rima right now he's old enough to like I
don't know Walker he's lost
I guess he's lost man I'm the hammer you
12 man you almost 13 you good man but
he's an idiot cuz he left me but right
now I have to stick Rima because I'm
asked to take her home but we must still
playing games that are a school program
I don't know what kind of game she's
playing but I'm rooting for Remo Remo
you better take it away
rimas number 10 let's go we must Rima
get ready
and they say penny just run I walk all
that
hi nine nine nine yeah that God did you
read my friend she forgot hi guys I just
got home with Remo Remo you did an
amazing job today a really really good
job
mmm I'm proud of you okay that was good
great one um that we won which team won
gasps gage good job it was crazy
one of who is it was a teacher are you
after school teacher one of Reema's
after school teacher I went to school
with that with the high school with it
which is crazy what a small world that's
insane
she told you that once at school
together we never told me guys this
whole time how does that was freaking
home now scares legacy right Oh hold it
let me call you your phone with you and
picking up broke why would you leave me
remember I went through a lot to learn
which appeared everybody tell me if
somebody just left me so I go can you
phone sit down psychologist wisdom so
you just leave me I would scare free
Suze don't do that man I know your house
is because you know episode you know
like mothers and fathers now I know what
they go through being scared when their
child is gone stop okay next time you
tell me your dad that you're going to go
somewhere okay sure so I just got the
homie de mad over here this just creates
a lot more like I don't know low stress
for me because I'm a father for a day as
I keep saying because it's crazy like
having four kids mustn right now he's
with the teacher crying going insane so
I'm letting him do his own thing
rimas sitting down on ipad times as
playing video games and eating food and
Jim Ann is here I just got him and each
other I don't man doing good you knock
me out you know how to be a father
yeah how do you want to be
want to be a father 19:19 that's so
young
i'ma giving the father talk a lot of
your luck when you're gonna get married
on yeah like um hey how many kids do you
want for fun
that's it you mean 42 no how did you do
yes how many Y's you wanna get ready to
why okay I just dancing you were lying
if you said - well my I'll give you two
smacks and say it's not funny honey of
your love easy no it's not even out of
your age you know now a good age how did
you hey when I was eight I was 13 years
old yes I was like it's crazy
babysitting these kids cuz usually only
babysit like one of them are two of them
and if I may be so all the modal beef
like an hour the most bad to babysit
them from the morning till now and right
now like five o'clock and I feel like
man this is crazy match monkey you shout
out to the parents the mothers and
fathers man my love and support and
everything comes out to you guys you
guys are the one who's like you guys
hold it down like so much respect and
love to you guys every single one you
guys and to the kids out there make sure
you guys respect your mother's and your
fathers because being a dad or mom
especially to so many kids especially
kids like like this right now like if
this one here and must it outside is
insane and it's crazy so we're like any
module no kids like you man you're very
much like you you're savage your
roastmaster so mean you man we're gonna
go check up on my son to the hate hate
school so so much so we're gonna go
check up on him and see what's up and
just make him feel good because his
teachers are really really sweet and I
want to like you know love you know
school what is it good job what is she
doing what is he doing do you what I
can't hear you he's what painting which
is which is shine out the camera funny
offer you want you to never have it haha
what is this no
oh good job you know what it is say cow
cow cow go what move good job
what is it good job Wow good job listen
what is this
giraffe no no this one is slim my friend
son that's it look inside ha this is
what and this is what no I don't know
anything machine it's not a sheep the
horse is a horse most thing can you
point to the UM Apple can you point to
the firetruck
can you point to the box the box good
job
can you point to the Hat can you point
to the paint where's the paint the red
paint note that's a bow that's the paint
point to the red bow pawn to the red bow
good job
let's go Wilson Fisk uh almost every
single day well mostly during the nights
when I'm laying down I always read your
letters that you have gave me like the
books you guys gave me all the stuff you
guys gave me during tour I always read
them especially when it's something
really really creative that you guys
give me so this one it says this fifty
reasons why I watch Adam Sally I haven't
read it but let's see the reasons why
you guys watch Adam Barlowe look look at
this you read it I come over Japan's
gonna read it for me so you can approve
on his reading and this is a dope book
look at this this is the freaking this
is a legit book the number one guy he
spied me
I don't know if he inspires not inspired
he inspires me
he makes me laugh he gives me hope is a
job he cares about his family home he is
always there for his friends and family
oh he looks happy what doesn't say what
does it say cuz I hit like what the heck
nice he's an awesome
uncle uncle jokes he makes about him he
puts so much effort and into his you do
the job this is seriously so like
inspiring for me man this makes me like
this makes me just like I don't know
basically happy man thank you guys so
much the duma gang i want to do
something funny really really funny with
you guys and i need you guys help me out
especially on twitter so as you guys
know not is a really really big fan of
liverpool which is this jersey right
here and this man named Adam gave me
this Jersey he is the homie I love you
items for watching this my man he gave
me the Jersey so I'm gonna have to mess
with Nas I'm not going to really burn it
but this is what we're gonna do not
never watches the vlogs and less he's in
it that's like his mentality is I've
never watched the vlogs only a
four-minute I'll watch the vlogs but
today we're gonna make him watch the
vlog we're gonna make him thumbs up this
like it's kind of like a prank well
actually not a fake a mini heart attack
that he's going to have happens that I
know you said you're going to stop
taking off your shirt but I'm going to
need you to take off the shirt written
evidence for myself oh you're not going
to show okay cool you can take it off we
got to make sure the LFC shows right
here and you guys you guys have to
snapshot this and tweet it to him he is
gonna have a heart attack he is a
die-hard fan of Liverpool's such as our
fan the other day when I was wearing the
Arsenal Jersey he burnt down my freakin
Jersey so now I'm going to pretend that
I'm burning down this Liverpool Jersey
but I'm not gonna really burn I'm just
going to show I wouldn't burn it because
Adam is the man and he gave me this so I
was gonna pretend so you guys snapshot
this and tweet it to him okay you guys
ready just go and snapchat that fire
with the fire he'll like this with a
serious face always let me see let me
get this done could I hold aside
Ferguson okay this one I like this the
fire right there
I'm head the lighter right now but
anyways you must have go a snapshot
you tweeted to nods and just make sure
you saying it sweet like oh my god I
can't believe Adam burnt down the
Liverpool Drizzy he's crazy he's a
savage just like just make him have that
mini heart attack because he told me if
you ever burned down the Liverpool
Jersey that that I got he is gonna go
insane so let's see how it goes
hi guys I'm not signed with the squad
right here well Boston is home my dad is
finally home
now we can like show Munson but I'm
outside because I don't know there's
something about me that I'm really I'm
really easy to like comes in jamadar
like I want new pair of sneakers I'm
like alright I'll give you guys new
pairs of sneakers when I'm a father the
future I'm gonna be like I don't know
man I'm have a bad habit spoiling my
kids just like how I spoiled these kids
right here run by the run most of what
the latest - good you guys got up these
are the latest one tomato Chandra with
the latest on these are the black 204 is
you're so picky
what do you wanna get while you have any
joy to do here what
but the black and pink Jordans which
ones these ones are these ones like fire
yeah get this one I gotta get your size
you know okay I'm as a feel good sure
can't stop all just off yeah so Joe man
he's getting he's matching a remoulade
that's so cute three mothers girl Thank
You Man hey oh thank you so much okay do
me again it is time to wrap up this lag
I'm finally home I can finally sleep get
my rest because I had a super super long
day by the way the song on my way with
Sadie James and I it played at a sneaker
store that you guys just seen maybe a
couple minutes or a couple seconds ago
and no one know like the workers were
blasting it and like they were just like
you know like bopping to and stuff like
that but they were they had no clue that
I was in the song I guess it's like one
of those songs were like I guess poppin
it's nice but they don't really know
like who's like they don't know really
know who's I guess they don't really
know who sings because I was there and
I'm like whoa I didn't want to say it
was me because I would have been like a
loser like imagine me going up to the
work you're like hey man do you know
who's in that song they like who like
it's me man it's me it's like I don't
know if I like that would have been just
like I would have done it but I don't
know I just didn't want to seem like a
loser at the same time I look like crap
and I didn't wanna yeah I didn't want
them to see me like that I was just like
you know what let me just head up but
that was really really cool like a dope
accomplishment because I've been seeing
like I'm my way playing in so many
places and like hookah lounges sneaker
stores radios it's literally insane so
thank you guys so so much for that also
let me give you guys a funny story that
happened today my sister told me about
it's a F's mom so as you guys know say
ass he's probably the top
on the baddest boy of the atom Sam he's
the bad boy his hair is really really
long like it's like it's like long is
like it's like literally about to go to
his shoulders and stuff like that so the
last time say I went to a barber shop he
hates going to the barber shop by the
way like he really really hates it his
fear is barbershops if you ever tell him
that you'll say if I'm gonna get you a
haircut he will never say yes so he was
going to supposed to go to like get a
haircut because his hair is getting way
too long and every single barber like
the barber that he goes to every single
bar with us in there they denied him
they're like no way and give him a
haircut because the last time you went
there he bit one of their arms and every
single barber was like nope I take him
to another barbers up so say a
five-year-old got denied getting your
haircut from all the barbers from his
local barber shop so this is like
breaking news from The Addams Family so
yeah I'm not find it really funny
because a five year old is like I don't
know he got so many people scared of him
and all you guys are telling me Adam
under should give him haircut if I tell
stay up you'll say I come get a haircut
he would legit beat you he would knock
me out man he would knock me out Sandro
if you're watching this can I give you a
haircut
I'll do it soft I'll do it easy maybe
it'll let him get a haircut because his
whole family wants him to get a haircut
but he doesn't want to get hair cuz he's
scared of barber shops and like the
freaking machines and stuff like that
but stay off only if you let me other
than that I'm doing it but if you guys
enjoyed this vlog idumaean
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey thank you guys so much for your
love and support that you guys show
every single day coming through and just
showing a lot a lot of love on Twitter
Instagram snapchat Facebook even though
I rarely use Facebook maybe I'll get
back into Facebook posting a little bit
because some of you guys do like
Facebook so maybe I'll get back into it
I'm out I'll see you guys tomorrow on
YouTube I love you guys take care her
peace I like hey but in all day killing
or not here in the hallway
up and you'll cry getif what they all
say I'm about to go listen taking out
