yeah all right I'm gonna go get it okay
keep it closer so really keep it close
hey guys what's up for dooming I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy date today there's
going to be a crazy crazy day because
Riemann mussen they're finally going to
see my pet hamster our pet hamster but
the thing is they're gonna have no no
clue at all so the hamster is at hamza
and Hayley's house and Reema right now
she's telling me she wants to go to
Hamilton Hayley's house just to go hang
out so and she has no clue that is there
because you haven't watched the vlog
today's vlog so what am I have to do
first is go pick up my son from school
and then after that we're gonna go Hamza
and hide his house to surprise them with
the pet hamster okay where's the bad boy
somebody's coming bad boy bad boy hey
paper bag huh look back look back look
back if you go to school one in the
 Jimmy thank you they always jump
it up
okay thank you
mother we're happy to be back with me do
me gang I'm with moss and he always
distract me about purpose like this
always on purpose thank you
alright guys me Rima and muscle we're
heading to hamza and Hannah's house y
Arriba tell us why we might why do you
want to go you wanted to get home that
highlighted with the plane ticket fine
what about you Muslim are blank then
there's the park yeah okay times are
exact Oh lavender what's that huh get
away get away or is it right here Wow
Wow yeah apples they are for to them
because they ever said it
let me see Alex gigabyte wow that looks
amazing
one does it really wet maggot so H it
but we're about to go see happens at
Heiser right now it's about to be really
really fun so let's see how it goes
you're going to fight hunger here oh god
I give you that one a president you're
inviting one yeah Alonso oh my gosh
early Christian okay do be game is just
Jesus Adame knows in socin a do me game
we are in hamza and hi we're in hamza
and Hylas house and we have a big big
surprise for Rima and moss and it's a
really amazing surprise you guys ready
yes and for Hannah and Hans are you sure
you guys ready yeah you guys have to
call jive
okay we do believe that you'll me by
almond yours huh what I think you know
you know this could I sell it
Grimaud what do you think it is Carole
mom so what do you think it is all right
as you got the me back because I you
guys ready all right I'm gonna go get it
okay ready
keep it close oh my god open up and
welcome the new member of The Addams
Family a hamster and Wow nice the way
that's done what else do you make a home
huh every time says yes hours even your
ticket you know it is that was yeah what
I'm gonna do the him soon it means I
made a whole thing what a foot work it
did it by itself
yeah yeah that's so weird guys look what
happened to the hamster it got stopped
it put like nice to put like some
zombies come on listen
no he designs missed it guys they made
like its own house over here I put like
the floor and the food in there even the
food
yeah no it's cuz it gets cold in the
night over here
you're like why does it go oh what's the
hook you guys are things about to go to
a sir come on you got it
hey come on you want my lovin you woke
my dad up in the nitrogen sorry I was in
those laughs no way my dad says
we have to try to move those so he shows
no stuff there yes and if it ends we'll
just open this okay to take a look is it
a stuck or not I'm trying to find out
hamsters are like really like weird they
do weird stuff no it's more animated
lasted about four he made a nest it's
not a bird
hey I got food anything hi guys I'm so
surprised that Rima is like she said she
liked that she didn't get that scare so
give me a hug your you know the hood the
Remo overcame her fear good job reading
your foot I'm kind of worried about the
hamster right now because I don't know
if it's stuck or not who knows a lot
about hamsters oh yeah it looks
like because it's a baby hamster it's
only like 20 days old so I need to make
sure it's good but the thing is we're
not allowed to take it out for like two
three days well I think we have to take
it out and make sure it's good and in
its house because I'm kind of worried
too scared for my headset hi guys so
since we're all worried about the
hamster just being stuck in there how
did it get up there in the first place
fun by Sol and it built that thing by
self yes that goes down if I have have
you seen it go down all day winning you
know I'd always get it cuz I wanted to
sleep I'm kind of worried man I'm really
really worried we're gonna put in here
and then we're gonna end up putting it
down there so we can know I don't know
I'm just really worried I'll put the
tradition Hospital a party hi guys let
me take all this out
that's okay hi guys so I got the hamster
inside there it's walking so Q you like
your muffin
we kept it in there while Hamza is
fixing the house hey cutie Oh mother
screams 11 walking look wow you like it
I'm hoping no no no no
oh I like the muffin a lotta keeps
popping must know that well sighs oh you
got the gun Ringo don't think it out you
bring it up yeah bring it up bring it up
bring it up come on come on here we go
bring it everywhere big I was going to
come back mother stock moves up come on
would you bring up finding you come
bring it out bring it out cream AHA boom
hey mogoblin see mother's helping his
cousin you have your cousin Martha
helping us see like a muppet
guys I think is getting more comfortable
look it's getting really comfortable
just ago are you kidding nothing you
love it once they love it join the dance
who you're gonna touch and play with
okay all right guys what the hamster
back in and I want to see what I'm gonna
do
I want to keep it's going to go back to
the same spot barf is gonna stay here
for a while so I'm really curious
Oh actually it is good luck - wow look
so little Gotham is guzzle it is going
back
Wow how does that come look you're right
oh but why is it why do they want to
stay there yeah it's more normal yeah
could you know this little box would
even is warm there over here is our
blind footwork and so it's the 99
you wanted this Rob this is weird what
that was just children there the Thames
is a crazy one man I know guys we're
going to check up on the hamster in a
couple hours and see if they like build
the same thing it did before
all right guys while the hamster is
chilling right now we need to come up
with the name The Addams Family is
coming together I never come up with a
name right now the personal is o8 it
what do one name it I think marshmallow
marshmallow things like a baby
marshmallow it was kind of brown them
did you rest it with those s'mores or
roasted marshmallow it's more familiar
how's that what do you want to name it
Assad or hundred julia Assad why would
you get VD color suspect
hila come true by the way guys pilot
birthday while you guys are watching
right now it's highly birthday her
birthday tomorrow but if you guys are
watching it now it's a 12 birthday -
what do you want to name it thanks I
hope huh hope hope or faith is faith or
hope y'all like a VD man who's like
moving in in the hub no injuries hi are
you mama what do you want to name it
o-rings wise everyone's going to give
you their own name I give it another
name that you think you would name it my
progeny
Hajin a is that one your friend's name
we must think of a friend's babes as you
try to name the hamster her friend name
hi guys it's my turn now I know a lot of
you guys seen a lot of you out in the
comments
you guys are saying either do me sandy
or blessing so I think those are the top
three are dooming sandy and blood see I
like it do me because it's like a cute
little you know mom used to call me down
when I was a baby like I do me and that
hamster is a baby blessing is good
because blessed thing that that hamster
is a blessing sandy I like sandy because
it looks sandy and say yeah named it
we're all going to have to come to the
decision for do me sandy and blessing
what do you want it to be named a dual
Haida stinky
let me I want to sandy hi so sandy and
doomy are tied up so blessing I'm sorry
but things out
hey busing is a blessing because either
sandy or ado me you guys are gonna vote
sandy or do me in the comments below and
that's tomorrow we're going to have the
official name whichever one has the most
that's going to be there the name sandy
or a dooming so whatever you guys vote
that's what it's gonna be
the do me said that would you just say
doing it want to see a specific all
right guys we're gonna go outside I'm
going to come back and check up on the
hamster ball head yeah I got a bit
Muslims about to go on the bike together
stoplight is doing this hairstyle be
careful this is WI way Allah this is in
Yemen this is definitely never Russell
must live in heaven right now
Oh mother than yesterday I'm dying
rimas going forever very much fun and
muffins be the crybaby you want to go on
the bike skies is so hot today it feels
like freaking like I mean like somewhere
in the Middle East it's so so hot today
and I'm so hungry series making me like
so much more hungry so much more
dehydrated
I can't assemble our Imam fasting ha ha
ok one remote does is it like she does
about perfect we manage me careful
because like she does about perverts
like Ivan oh why do you say that every
day women I do me gang it's really
really hot right now I'm feeling really
dizzy I think it's because I woke up
really early and I just been like
feeling the heat all day little he's
been like almost 12 hours and I feel I
feel like I might just collapse any
moment so we're gonna see you guys when
I'm back at his house and I can really
large much outside because I feel really
like ill oh I don't know so tired
heading off is good luck
I want to go into nice I'm so well I
know oh my god I feel good no nobody oh
hey what's up hey what's up hey what's
up hi the real one my Homburg hi guys
see how students hungry and thirsty and
now feels so good because to be honest
when you guys let me through like all
the water at me it felt really really
good like I just woke me up and made me
not dizzy so he shout out to everyone
outside you guys are so so nice
hopefully I'll see you guys again
I was just two years older I was pretty
much I want to fight you Joe you know
what's even crazier muscles on the bike
and I have to hold his ice cream I have
to stare at this man
after Sarah there's and all you guys are
watching were fastened you have to stare
at the delicious vanilla ice cream with
rainbow sprinkles
Oh how much hi guys I'm back and happens
is how to check up on the hamster sandy
aka
ado me and it's still on the same spot I
do not know why
look it's literally still here chillin
goin in the ball right now but it's been
here this area the whole time literally
hours and hours just showing it so I'm
thinking maybe it needs like a home
inside so I'll put one of those that he
or she's staying in there in there so he
or she can just hacking cool your here's
sandy era do me sure
hey do me game is freaking 4:30 a.m.
right now I was outside with slim at a
park at 3m playing hide and seek because
some houses like a new trend called like
the three am challenge trend I don't
know but we're playing hide-and-seek
alone in the dark in the park that we're
not allowed to be at and slim was
lagging it for his life so if you guys
want to check it out the link is down
below I'm gonna tell you guys what
happened just a little bit what happened
so a cop came while we play hi to see a
slim your weed oh and your example imma
get you back for that man he made me
freakin play hide-and-seek so if you
guys wanna check it out thank you guys
so much for your love and support if you
guys enjoyed the vlog make sure your the
thumbs up and go turkey I'll see you
guys tomorrow
take care earn pics la
