hiya do me gag get this video thumbs up
now enjoy this long vlog you can have
that a real man hey guys what's up it do
me gang I hope you're having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy day I
am finally oh and it feels so so good so
today's vlog is going to be kind of long
so I'm sorry I don't know if you guys
enjoy long vlogs but I'm going to be
with my family so it's going to be a
long vlog enjoy it
get ready eat some food get some popcorn
and yeah enjoy the blog I am heading
first to go see Naz and what cost
because knowledge is leaving to the UK
and I have a funeral cause for a while
so imma go see them and I'm going to
come back home so I'll see you guys in
the next shot guess who I just ran into
I'm vecina for so so long he just came
back from Pakistan the Pakistani prince
what god it was getting too long I've
been more chilling be great well Carlos
mad wait bro I have to bro I'm getting
sick Rio you all say you lost a lot of
weight for September oh I'll go see I'll
go so summer in the keys boom better
watch out oh I forgot now ZZ here I see
actually roofline is easy you want to
 come on guys to London
maybe longer if you kind of luggage
extended to London you really can go to
her no way that 100 dude is crazy man
but what about to go chill for a bit we
have like two hours hangout we're going
to go just chill out of New York City is
raining it's cold it's freezing look at
this it feels like it's freaking January
but it's all good we're gonna have some
fun today and we'll see you guys in the
next shop this is where it all happens a
couple days ago a car crashed and like
wasn't a crash this guy was like I don't
know on drugs or something that we
literally drove through the sidewalk and
I think it came around here and it
killed one person and injured so many
people so that's really really scary and
sad especially that happened in Times
Square
I'm squared like the place where like
everyone is that like there's so many
people everywhere this is so sad
so the one person that died in this
accident from Michigan a Haiti no girl
who's visiting New York City and she
passed away this is literally so sad my
thoughts my prayers go out to her and
her family
I really hope they're traveling to see
Strong's it's the soul man has touched
my heart
imagine coming to New York City on
vacation and this happens that's just
look what they put in the sidewalk and
each sidewalk they put these two a car
whatever car comes through it can hit
that instead of going in there fine ones
raining where did they go bugga how you
doing man all right God we're in Dave &
Buster's right now we're about to eat
and drink a little bit I have iced
coffee
I hate when they don't serve iced coffee
not going to get a cup of iced hot
coffee and I go like this and it's so
much work but going along I did and
that's what I cocaine just make any coke
yeah pretty much
Wisconsin on there battling against each
other water wind they battle me because
I'm playing basketball
in Chicago I think through third and
doing fourth with secret hot so I got to
get ready to sell is with my game
Oh sixteen up
oh my god
Oh
right
let's go baby Chicago speak on thank you
babe that's like the opening of a gap
and look at this room there's a hijab'
model right there a this is six packs
same place that's worth toys the road
used to be at ice to always log in there
I always get kicked out from there it
was so much fun there but now there's
going to be a gap and it's so cool
seeing like a hijab' model there right
so my thoughts and jobs are killing it
making them crazy oil let's don't like
it
always also I'm their mana job like that
for one day I got a building footboards
this is a really really sad moment Naz
is leaving for the UK and the crazy
thing is we don't know when the next
time we're going to see each other but
this is the time where he's leaving and
I might not see him for a long long time
so not even home ever
I'll miss Deveau take care love oh thank
you for hours of others oh man the man
with the plan my year voted in Roberto
anytime bro okay we're gonna miss you in
a vlog those years ago definitely read
you keep Sunna I'm getting miss nods so
so much she also did not have time to
yet hello guys and take it to the UK
because it was raining so hard the
weather was so bad but maybe next time
but muslin right now is sleeping and
he's been sleeping for a while so I'm
gonna surprise him and wake him up so
muffin I love you and I can't wait to
see you this dude has been sleeping for
so long and I've gotten permission from
his mom and my mother get to wake him up
because if he doesn't wake up he's gonna
end up being up the whole night going to
crazy Mawson cutie wanted a baby
Mawson like it's me Jesus
do another sir you have a please
it gives me asleep I miss you so much
honey did you miss me huh so good this
adieu Magan guess who's finally up
Martha look at my baby you touching me
up like little you touching my beer he
was like this he was like are you real
Adam you're back you're back you like
this huh why are you touching me like
that are you a good boy now yes yeah
yeah good boy guys
Mawson has been going to school he's
been in school for like two weeks now
nursery school and he travels in the
school bus like 20-30 minutes every
single day and he speaks a lot more like
he speaks a lot a lot more so I'm gonna
show you guys I'm a test amount let's
see if he speaks a lot this week yeah
what's up anything huh he said love it
like is it what's up
Wow I'm not gonna lie every time I come
he's always a little older but this time
the most he got older like even more
because he's been in school how are you
you're very good of diet oh my god the
field
I can't believe is a given hundred you
talk so much you okay yeah cuz Rima is
coming in like literally like five
minutes so we're gonna surprise it too
haven't seen it for so so long and we're
gonna see how it goes also my dad is
here the King Oh everything you know
what I'm saying have you
I don't American Chris doing good yeah
I'm cool chill in' yes my dad's always
telling is either sleeping or cello I
love you guys Oh Rock here we go
I said I'm seriously so so happy to be
home I'm so happy to be back to the
normal vlog I'm so happy for 11 lines to
start I'm so happy for everything I'm so
so excited never you ready gonna fast
you are yeah you sure these still know
how to fight or not I feel like such a
good boy now
all bad liver from better look oh boy I
want to shine laughing you know me I
don't want this I'm Austin
I want bad boy Mustin back nothing you
know I box no Johnny how you fight you
know somebody's like come on oh okay
okay Boston as I call it bad boy my boy
my son is that hey I I want French food
hey hey Adam I am Adam I am is yes my my
favorite easy guys look you know how I
know want some girls so much cuz he said
never ever answer these questions okay
ready yeah okay what color is this Wow
look he knows what color is this what
color this Frank
he knows what color is this Wow yogurt
how do you know you know you grew up a
do me gag I am with remark hi how you
doing evil good your turn oh I am
thinking I see I see Jake why is your
voice gun uh not working what I said why
your voice is not working so you need
you need to charge it or something
no you wanna get a charger no never to
judge it I need it mash I can mean what
any medicine I got the Remus Nick so
she's losing her voice oh I better say
you're sick I said you're sick so you
need medicine ah Revis is the best we
wasn't every reply Rima has hilarious so
I said rimas sick her voice is like
losing a little bit also a couple days
ago she fell and chipped her tooth so
what happened Jesus I'm on the exercise
thing we're going mm
vocalization they are niggas so that
means what so you did a fault so you
just put your face inside something in
it I'm going to threaten and then my
friend letrease is closed we kept having
a very nice day then a boat so how did
your face get anything because oh good
up up and close I thank her hi guys I
missed you guys so much but it's time
for me to go out we're gonna go through
Hamza and hang it and tell them hi so
I'm gonna see you guys later okay
oh my god you can't you guys have to do
homework I was gonna go real fast times
out to do his homework and it's raining
outside so I'm gonna go and come back
fast okay you guys go fast huh let's go
wow what did he think he said he said
out I got I cook go fast you think I'm
gonna go fast
Wow only Reema understands Oh mustn't
says because they have like his baby
language pretty good in big red no why
do you have to get big he's killing I'm
leaving hey what do to a Muslim you're
both Robin he's governor I'm a system
assistance my mother put up okay Monica
and them no okay
oh my god no no no no no no no no no no
no no my muffin Oh
what the heck
I just visited Hamza and hi I'm here to
show with them for a bit and just hang
out hi so someone gave me his name is
Ahmad from Dallas he gave me these
snapchat spectacles these are so cool
look so you basically you put it on I
had it right you can only get them
whenever like snapchat like in your city
or some like that but and then it's
connected to my snapchat and then if you
press like this button right here and
it's going to be white that means it's
snapchatting so basically I look like a
spy right now and if I press it less
leave all right so on Oh chairman it's
not genuine know what's up you know I'm
a topical question but I'm sorry lot
play me something
this guy has made a huge announcement
big well I'm not taking all my is
gonna do all hi
oh no it's not no wow I'm done everyone
who said have a good please stop taking
over share please stop taking a shirt it
got Siham tonight officially going to
stop taking a shirt
now but we're going to have one last
dance without just show them alright
I'll be easy ready not honest one last
dance writing also they have this dope
dope speaker right here look at this and
I got this dope like these little lights
not literally please turn off the lights
this is sick man mud you gotta dance
better this is the heat I got better
yo so much beautiful walk I'm dying room
please dude okay
farewell I have them take it off the
shirt he's going to stop forever it's
taken off the shirt
um yeah I don't know if anymore I'll
miss it
so we're about to go up to the roof to
take a little stroll in south and have
that I gave him like five six pairs of
my sneakers like really good Jordans up
and he always messes up he destroys it
where shall we play you can have any
basketball we just heard about the
breaking moves about ariana grande's
concert well like an explosion happen in
Manchester and all I got to say is that
it's really really scary sad
heartbreaking and it touches my heart
because I just finished my tour and to
see that happen especially like ariana
grande well a lot of people look up
there and a lot of you know a lot of
people must have went to the show like
wanting to see their Idol and something
like that happening is so so sad like it
breaks my freaking heart and my hearts
my prayers my daughter everything goes
out to everyone that was there like it
was just thinking about it seeing those
videos was so so sad and heartbreaking
so I really hope everyone can stay safe
and just this world man this world is
like this world is crazy every single
day there's like a new thing that
happens up so insane like the other day
with Times Square today was there in a
grande a couple weeks a couple months
ago was like the the thing in London is
like so many stuff so many bad stuff
were happening so I really hope people
can just like spread positive energy and
just positive vibes around and really he
like make something good happen every
day instead of something bad happening
every single day but there's some people
out there who are nasty horrible and
just man these people are heartless who
who would do that man I want to know who
exactly like what goes through these
people's minds and like what they do is
like literally heartless but I hope
everyone stays safe and just you know
spread positive vibes
can I jump over what this this right
here yeah I could do it I should do that
when I was 9 years old I could have to
how do you get 12 2013 I just do this
when I was 9 I stopped over this when I
was 9 I had a crazy crazy talent when I
was younger broad nine ten years old I
used to hop over things I was like a
monkey little and when I was nine years
old I was kind of like this tall so this
thing was like around my height so I had
to pretty much jump over myself so let's
see if I still got it I retired a couple
months ago because something happen at
one of my shows where like I said I kind
of like fell on someone and another time
we're like I tripped on chairs I'm gonna
try this right now so maybe I can bring
it back through a tour that can do next
I don't know no hands
I'm barefoot hey I'm a fall I got a
nine-year-old out on his back ready and
busted
it wasn't a film in I can't be getting
injured during the line and I can't be
getting injured during the basketball
game that I have in Chicago sneaker
caught on my birthday I need him win
that game we need a win Chicago shot
City
June 3rd June 4th nigga con me slim kite
at Milwaukee were about to take Oh ready
yeah how easy
Wow oh my god yeah I just got home from
Hannah's house and I forgot someone gave
me this gift to give to my mom so they
get a gift to my mom her name is Susan I
believe she came to three of our shows
Houston DC and New York City which is
literally insane so Susan thank you so
much for being a rotted I do me thank
you so much for all your love and
support
I'm thinking about giving this gift to
my mom maybe tomorrow and vlogging it
I'm not going to show her face but might
maybe like I don't know you guys might
hear her so I went to surprise I want to
show her that if an idumaean
you guys love her so so much and
appreciate her so much and I don't know
what it is matter of fact let me open it
right up so it says do your finest it
ready looks like a woman brand there's
other sick curfew my mom loved perfume
with his j'adore perfume and she also
got I believe all this is sick wow man
this is dope and it smells really really
good it's like a pink head job and I
think it's a brand it's um is coach this
is sick
Susan thank you so much I'm going to try
my best to give it to our mom tomorrow
so let me know in the comments below if
I should give it to my mom in the vlog
or not if you guys really want to see us
all see you guys in the next shop
Muhsin is still up
dude never sleeps like midnight right
now you have school yeah
do you like school yeah so go to sleep
yeah drama Jackson hoodie
say hi my name is Adam hi guys it is
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed his life he did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog if you
guys enjoy long vlogs let me know by
giving this video a thumbs up every
single one of you guys could give this
vlog a thumbs up if it gets a lot of
thumbs up I'll be doing a lot more long
vlogs with my family especially during
double dong mmm so thumbs out this video
and we'll see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace this is all we do after
the vlog is done to put the hook hey my
name is masa hey hit the photos I a
don't start a a what's up my name is
marcin and I'm ten years older hi do me
gag give this video a thumbs up now
enjoy this long life all day
killing all night here in the hallway
New York
