it's out
hey guys what's up for dooming yang I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having and not so amazing
day so far having a not so amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day blimmin Slim is such a Dumbo
he tells me to meet him here at 4
o'clock
paparazzi man he tells me to me to my
four o'clock at Union Square so I come
to Union Square at 4 o'clock and now I'm
here I want to do a video with his dog
work and he's not here so I'm stuck
alone it's like a big self dog and
everyone is staring at me like I'm some
kind of weirdo I'm not even joking
there's a lot of weirdos in the Union
Square but I'm thinking of the biggest
weirdo right now with a big dog slim I'm
gonna get you back so bad he will keep
staring I mean but the funny thing is
right now people keep getting scared of
the dogs right there but anyone who
passes through they get so scared look
at my little honey right there's no
worry about it don't worry I'm going to
wait for some comes ok where are you go
now bro I have a dog with me and I look
like a weed outside though huh
Robin you need squares what it's weird
yeah I look like one of those weirdos in
Union Square bro huh guys
thirty minutes past and he's still not
here and I'm stuck with this freaking
dog so I'm not going to let this black
so slim I'm not gonna let you slide when
you show up right now I'm going to put
this whole silly string on you in public
in front of everyone for embarrassing
you yeah you want to touch it so we're
going to wait till Sun shows up and I'm
going to put this whole silly strings on
in front of everyone in unit square
Adalind that's it I'm embarrassed man I
said I feel traumatized right now like
she
where you let me chew my food apart as a
measurement on the most subscribed
person I need to handsome huh I dyed it
now back to normal
Thank You Man thanks man that's my dog
man like it for fun
abso meaning carofoley Dominica probably
one man Dominica I've been there before
it's nice I love this area
Manny my friends were gonna call me he's
a tall giraffe looking person I won't
you broke man okay can you put chilli
sure you got him enough can you look
silly strings on my friend you get a
show up in like a minute
all you got to do is like open this and
just spray it all over he's gonna show
up in one minute we're can you do it for
me no okay
yeah you're Vedic no no he's like a
ghost it's cooler guys the men right
here Guinness bracelet weird man you
know room
hehe that boy with the hat him with that
the bullet had the void that hello it
sprayed all over the state all over guys
use about to do it I think you know to
go to good and I am NOT I am NOT a
member one person I am I am not him this
one this person your presence above in a
year that's all you need it so I us say
if I ain't in my face all fucked up you
get it Isis yes what do you punish you
yeah I'm not only weird one here you do
this brain wrong people you let the like
if you can't farm in New York there as
well have a very show up late every
feature yeah this is spray the wrong
person amount well okay the wrong person
first no finally we made up with Blair
hey I'm about to do my video right
nothing ready right now I'm going to do
a couple just see what happens I'm gonna
basically hit the dog beat up the dogs
in front of people in public and see
what they I love you
dog really nigga
and
no tears month Oh
shut up
hi guys so I am done filming that I
literally was like abusing the dog
hitting the dogs like a good 20 to 30
minutes and no one did anything I mean I
know the dog was fake but the thing is
it looks kind of real like that's at
least be like what the hell like
something I would ask like no one listen
we did anything someone took a selfie
and just walked off the respite if he
was at a located function from far away
it looks legit it looks real they didn't
do anything they just walked like
continued on moving but that that's New
York City for you no one cares about
anyone business I guess but it's kind of
like kind of messed up about someone's
beating up a dog and no one like no
one's done anything but so someone took
our stuff dog it was a homeless man who
said he needed like a friends and stuff
so we gave him the stuffed dog he was
the only one that needed I guess the
stuff dog even though it was $400 we
gave a 10-foot limb I want to show you
something and I got something really
really dope better tell me was good no
thanks
I got so you know vases always ate yup
it got a couple days ago
tamal we get so mad when I get like be
for Yeezy the stuff but he's been
getting a lot of you lately we began the
ye easy da da dee sit fine art it's just
fun that shit smooth Wow like it was
kind of large I need to look a real eat
hi guys
Julianne I'm with Lee CEO from yeah from
Algeria and I just wanted to say that a
lot of people were following you I don't
know how this on their Instagram a lot
of people will follow me when they were
saying I'm on where did that where you
got me today but I mean if you get angry
she's like whoops ship will ship out
like putting mean ships like you mean
like a boat ship I'm like what and you
guys are saying awesome because I
cleared it we're absolutely you don't
know you don't know the social media you
know lingo shift me like someone that
proved of like someone
yeah you got it hopparoo so I want to
say sorry okay okay well I try to snuff
you Arabic don't listen it and ELISA far
and away but you know the reason why
least yes did know like I really like I
look at the video I can see the comments
or go home and I was like wow oh yeah
basically I'm dumb and dumber
Wow are you suppose she's wanna become a
today they were you know in the comments
yeah oh yeah a volcano
wow these penises like that
I comments due me getting I just want to
say thank you guys so so much you guys
show so much love yesterday in the
Arabic vlog it took me so long because
my Arabic is like in a different dialect
and it's really hard to like communicate
because I'm afraid to like it's like you
guys don't understand but I have the LA
I got it through and everything was
amazing but I'm gonna tell you guys the
winner of today's yeah the thing that I
write here I'm going to do it every
single day all you got to do is leave a
comment below and thumbs up the vlog
thumbs up the vlog and leave a comment
of your Twitter and you have a chance of
winning tomorrow and every single day so
the winner of this one is Perla Selena
Perla the leap I love Perla Selena so
thank you guys so much for your love and
support especially after you guys watch
the vlogs you guys tweet me I love it
when you guys treat me right after the
vlogs and you guys tell me like your
thoughts and like your snapshots and
send me like whatever thank you guys so
much for being so amazing Rima and
Mawson there at the cousin's house say
yaps house just turned up and she'll it
say ass is too scared and nervous to see
me because he thinks I'm gonna bring the
super Arab nanny on him but I'm not but
Ramon wants them to come back tomorrow
so you guys are going to see them
tomorrow so do me again i'ma see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace I'll
let you I'll owe you it do me gang I
just want to say thank you to everyone
who tweeted me wow link enemy just want
to say thank you guys so much for
tweeting me today and showing a lot of
love I seriously appreciate you guys
right after you guys watch the vlog you
guys tweet me thank you guys so so much
and I appreciate it so much thinking
you
