he's got it back again was it was that
why he crazy
hey guys what's up a duma gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day
hi guys before we get the vlog started I
snapchat it on my snapchat saying to
comment your Twitter on my youtube video
of my vlog today's vlog randomly going
to choose a person and whoever it is
they're gonna win this hair tie of mine
that I tie my man bun was I decided you
know what since the Ramadan I'm gonna do
many giveaways or I'm going to do like
many like little mini stuff like today
right now if you're watching this vlog
that was up this video and leave a
comment below of your Twitter name and
in tomorrow's vlog I'm gonna get a paper
and write I love and your Twitter name
and I'm going to show it in the vlog so
if you guys want to participate in it
write your Twitter name in the comments
below for the winner of today's mini
giveaway of this hair tie it's someone's
Twitter his name is Xue share this
person right here Xue sure
congratulations congratulations homie
I'm going to follow you and DM you so
you can give me your address am i doing
every single day so you guys can all
have a chance to why I thought today
we've been getting a lot of phone calls
from us in school of teachers
complaining guys I'm not even joking a
two-year-old Muslim he's making teachers
cry he hates school so so much I do not
know why I think he just wants to stay
home and chill and play I think he just
wants to become a YouTube blogger and
not go to school and his teachers are so
so annoyed because he's always giving
them like an attitude he's always like
screaming like no yes person is crazy he
is such a savage so right now I'm gonna
go pick him up from school for the first
time ever this is the first time ever
I'm gonna go get Boston so I'm gonna
vlog it for you guys I'm gonna be back
in the next shot where is he he's in the
back you got it back yeah
was it was that why he crying no he was
sleeping I know it was good
he's leaving come on Peter free book bag
on thank you so much oh and I think
Facebook better and let's go get it he
does look he okay hold on calm down he
was like that oh yes
Walker
let me miss you more
what was it who is it what's your name
hmm
what are you doing homework what are you
doing oh my beauty kid 11 hanging up a
clown meet up with homework I come do me
gang I'm so so sorry my hair's a mess I
just woke up from a nap I'm Big Daddy he
always interrupts me about purpose while
I'm vlogging just talking give him his
attention and stuff but the past couple
days I've been sleeping and napping a
lot during Ramadan which is really
really bad I don't want to be one of
those sleeping so I'm alone people but
the thing is it's really hard out
because it's really hot really hot in
New York City and I can only imagine how
it is like an oven and Dubai bye Hank
wait like it must be really really hot
there so he said I hope everyone out
there you don't stay strong and enjoy
don't move on what do you say them again
okay candy he said I got candy house she
said soda both you guys have that secret
baby language I eat candy oh he still
don't know how to speak mother you're
almost $3 speak say I love not love say
la la se la stop eating your candy why
are you putting your whole fist in your
mouth just put the candy inside don't
eat your hand too he's about to eat his
hand right you know you're getting older
you're getting really old rima mm-hmm if
you all you're doing homework
you're almost 13 no how do you I'm
almost at to be held I wanted to be
shake you're about to be six and you
still have a lisp
okay ream us all a lisp is this is when
people speak like this hi my name is
Rima I'm six years old I was born in
August 30 what you are we going
2011 and it's 2017 huh let me see let me
see rhemas Homer your homework looks
literally crazy colored what that I
didn't know what to do so I just cut is
that so you didn't know what to do so
you just colored random stuff huh what
do you teach you're gonna sir you leave
me not Halle wait why is it so blurry I
color at word rough
what Dec why is it so blurry maybe they
didn't print your home I correctly no
they didn't is like you can't see
nothing like I'm a focus that was just
focused so Direction is still really
really blurry color a wow we may need to
take this back to your teachers and you
need to tell them that it gave you some
messed up homework okay so we didn't
know what to do we just colored
everything almost every single teacher
complained about this kid like they
freaking hate look at him they hate
their live guys I'm diving guys not even
joking
would I'll pick them up into like a
shadow
I'm Rima and I mean I eat poop I'm Deena
hello say hello shake we must have
relative luck like this I'm sitting on
the vodkas okay okay I'm not even joking
every single teacher this person has
they hate their lives they hate their
lives they go to him they try to speak
to me cries you scream he does random
weird stuff that's around on the bus and
I've got finished vlogging I was talking
with him
they were like this dude man I don't
know how it always is that first of all
they're like I don't know how you made
this kid how you handle this kid I was
like first of all I was uncle second of
all this dude like homie ten times worse
so I can only imagine how he is in
school only I can handle his bad day
cool I don't know how they can handle it
you're lucky you're so cute
can you dance for me gimme Chelsea dance
go get a monster get him uh-oh my god oh
my god I didn't say jump on yes I danced
can you work
again can he do the work let me see the
work go are you finish your homework
mmm I'm thrilled I'm serious
reven go finish homework most until this
is over this is why I haven't
snapchatters for so long because in
Ramadan I look like a complete mess if
you can't handle me online and you don't
deserve me learn ain't that true
that's your lesson yeah anybody be able
to nasal hmm okay huh also I'm miss
lying like this like just like a joke oh
my god I like showing the family I like
that and I'm getting choked oh my god
stop yeah what's up like when I started
vlogging I would live like a lot of
uncut footage like right now so I'm
gonna give you guys a lot of uncut
footage and thumbs up if you guys like
fun stuff he bothers me bothering how
you got issues man to see stop stop stop
stop stop stop being bad back to my side
- high-demand oh good shelling what up
man I've been in it okay you're a man
Brock appreciate it thank you
you got the notification on yeah you a
real MVP man sup man how's it going oh
yes oh you guys
bodyslam I'm gone hi doing
what up man how's it going going good
you got jelly monster what are you doing
huh huh
what are you doing oh I like that I like
that I like that what's up I subscribe
to your channel oh thank you guys so
much you're a real OG man hi how you
doing
do began again what's up hi how's it go
thank you guys so much thank you guys
when I look like a mess I look so bad
right now this is sick what a dope way
to go to school I go now one of my head
thank you so much man okay this guy's so
sweet he's able to grow up and be like
really I'm not like I'm not perfect I'm
not good like why would you want to be
like
really I'll give you a hug me we go
hungry I appreciate it
thank you so much even Vic it Munson and
I'm I meet you guys and you as a nice
make mustn give you which way okay I
went to the park and I didn't even know
there's going to be like people there
and one fun fact about me that I'm gonna
tell you guys right now whenever I look
like a mess and I see a lot of you guys
I end up running away so if I don't feel
I look good I literally just like run
away because I look like a mess why do
you guys have to see me when I look like
a mess whenever I go out so nice and so
fresh I never see any of you guys I'm
looking around like what I do me hearing
it what I got so that's a fact about me
but you guys are really really nice you
seriously made my day but I did end up
putting out what sir oh this is so bad
alright guys so meeting Austin you went
to a park and as you guys know I look a
mess once to a park where no one is that
only one person heat is here only one
person is here it happened to be someone
who watches my videos so hi guys I'm
headed out thank you so much at home we
will play with him we hung out hope you
have fun so much actually a dream come
true to me Adam
really oh man I so sweet thank you I'm
here right now with the homie Matthew
now he was asking me how I'll make
youtube videos and how I've liked so
I'll pulled out the camera and I'll show
you how I love how do you love you
you're eight who's your favorite Adam
solace family member you me yeah you
solve you - man now you're my favorite
person now hey do me gag I just met up
with the as back brothers valid slim
when he's right here what's up so we're
gonna go break our fast inside this
lounge is placed and we're going to
watch the basketball last game of the
season you know I was talking with the
uber driver and guess what he said so
whichever he was like he was like he
said that he thinks the Cavaliers are
gonna win four-game street I grew and he
was saying I'll be naughty unrealistic
but he lost instead of the game is going
to be crazy I can't wait to the Warriors
suite the Cavs
I gave that sweep again assuming nobody
even knows what their sum is my light
bro you gotta sit I quote for one row I
be honest I want to lose this game is
they gonna lose before one but I want
them I want them to lose this game here
like it when I am shy I have only
tweeting go back and I know you don't
know about no hot studiously given a lot
of day had a war is your The Crying
one time how to mix Jersey shoes
laughing I do have a Brooklyn Nets
Jersey laughter I should have a pretty
tight organized if you're feeling fun
guys
so breaking up fast here look at this
and the game it's about to be on and
just like that the Cavaliers won the
game I knew it I wanted up to it I want
this one again so because because now
Warriors are going to take it in the
city higher gold instead of getting it
in they don't have it anyone say mmm
sure until we make it just like last
year beyond what the predictions whose
one it's a cold game 5 Dave high warrior
to start what cops waiting game come on
take it
maybe while I was going to be a he's a
legend if he wins like every single game
he said its last year no but now
whatever you know admits the tracks on
the frozen green simply not better than
I've ever seen Jordans oh I did what you
thought I'm older than us
okay do me again get it's time to wrap
up this vlog I hope you all enjoyed his
life he did make sure you get a thumbs
up and go turkey adieu me yang tomorrow
and tomorrow's vlog I'm gonna be doing
the whole vlog in Arabic I know I told
you guys comin through
I want to do a vlog like a full blog in
Arabic a full blog of Reem of longing
so I decided in da Milan tomorrow day 15
I'm gonna vlog all in Arabic I'm gonna
try my best so please don't laugh at me
please don't be like what the hell I'm
going to put subtitles I'm going to try
my best to vlog in Arabic so to all my
Arabic speaking people get ready to help
me out I guess or make fun of me I don't
know but yeah I'm excited for it
tomorrow so I'm do be getting i'ma see
you guys tomorrow
take care and peace
I like you
