as these people say well together I do
what I ask you can have that'll be all
hey guys what's up Adam again I hope you
are having an amazing that because I'm
having an amazing they saw about having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day so today is my
performance in Dallas Texas so every
time I have a performance I would go
shopping for a bit and today in Dallas I
did shopping just a little bit and it
was really really expensive so expensive
I did not even know it was that
expensive and so after I left and I
checked the receipt so I'm gonna show
you guys what I got and I will tell you
guys the prices they are so first let's
start off with these boots that I got so
I got these brand new boots I do not
know the name of the brand this is but
all I know it's like a really good good
brand it's handmade the leather is like
from Italy and all from Italy to
California California to Dallas and
these are the boots that I got right
here I don't know for some reason I like
it so much but it cost me $900 for these
boots and it's so comfortable they're so
good
the so dope so okay so you guys are
going to go crazy for this one I got a
little jacket
it looked so dope it's the brand all
flight I don't know if you guys have
heard of it's a really expensive brand I
didn't know it was that official brand
that I was barring until I seen the
price the price was one thousand and two
hundred dollars I did not know until
after I bought it so I was going crazy
I'm like what the heck but this is the
jacket over here it's like an oversized
baggies comes like baggy and a half ago
that's right I'm not going to lie I love
the jacket so so much but slimming odds
or making fun of me like what the heck
that much but I don't know the jack is
fine I don't care what anyone says I
thought it was just like a picture that
someone drew and then I didn't notice to
like iPad I'm like wow this is the
official oh boy I went back to ask them
and they told me yes this is the
official off-white breast
this
look at this is sick you guys might
laugh at me for this one but it's
something in a small bag that I got it
is not sunglasses is just regular
glasses they're not prescribed a clear
ones right over here these were in one
of like Rick Ross's music videos you
wore one of these before so I decided to
get out or just looks fresh there was
just something about these glasses that
I loved a lot I don't know if it just
looks really really nice but these ones
cost around 80 bucks I also got me a
pair of Yeezys red Octobers these right
here they are looking slide these are
the newest edition of the easies right
here look at these man leave this so
don't look wow these are not the real
easy even just like pajama shoes but
these were around I think a hundred and
twenty dollars for these ones right here
and these aren't the only ones that I
got also got the Jordan these are the
Jordan fours the pyjama ones look at
this I don't know why there's something
about this is hard to find and it came
out really is a really really dope so
hey and last thing that I got is this
sweater right here to swear but zipped
up on the arms look I know it's kind of
weird but is if tough on the arms is
from Guns and Roses that's the brand I
don't know but it's really really dope
this was around $200 I don't know what
I'm going to wear because it's getting
hot especially in Texas but I might just
you know squeeze it in our guys we just
got to backstage of a show in Dallas
it's about to get crazy I can hear you
guys and I can see some of you that but
you guys can't see me
or can't hear me I want to show you guys
right now hold on this is what I go
through backstage what you guys don't
know about
you
sometimes always wonder like what if I
just run in while like they're doing a
warm-up like I'm good at one day hi guys
the show is almost over really about to
go on stage right now
dew point on crime in this show is done
Dallas Texas you guys show so much stuff
split man
yeah but I look overly in Dallas tell me
you Satoshi college nope I'm in Chicago
with my majority doubted this cousin so
we definitely still going to turn up
financially
how FAR's murdered I love girl I love
road kill affiliates duplicate when we
can't
got to the Vita green salad to the Mars
101 thank you so much okay a fluffa
loaf' using a buzzer you got any last
time I was in Dallas was like three
years ago in a minute so 9 1 o clock in
Basel Oh Jane Lew Jessie hi hi so you
wanna come to New York
my easy a nobody
oh you just I got to thank you guys
appreciate that thank you guys thank you
so much
oh man right here the baby reach pieces
then you ate something and slim always
steals my talk every chance that you
guys give me look at it not feel about
chocolate
hi guys oh it's done with the show right
now when I give hitch out to NAS and the
homie nipple how was it working together
saying this we actually thought we would
be much pretty well together
there was good like really good I like
that master the Lord shows be it I
brought him on stage and he came up on
face like this talking with whole new
world when you do not know why he's felt
so insecure about it like a list plane
and I wrote yeah hi guys I just came up
with a cool idea Slim is in his room
right now and he's always like been
dying for Yeezys literally he cannot
find Easy's his size so I'm going to
pretend to read fake Red October easy
the pajama shoes that I have is easy
that I got for slim I'm gonna hide it
and I would pretend I got it for him and
he's probably going to like go and say
maybe like no way no way so I'm going to
his room sneak in the camera and give
him his fake easy so let's let's do it
no family where is ma'am your Aneesa
machine voice got jealous one
for what you go get a job
yes I got something and I got you
something well what is it
yes I always wanted every so long and
that's me geez
I know you've always wanted to resolve
logic if I take me so long to find these
clips earn it things we set out to find
the Eevee's Red October till you both
one of our roles right October easy slip
say one look it's really well off for
you guys right octo meeting don't
fucking like oh yes well that I
community
well if you happy really yes well here's
the door I love you so much
and as these people say what do i do
what I guess you're wrong thank you she
should enjoy their pajama he's but he's
not called a lot you could told me you
think was a lot it looks like John was
actually happy that he's happy because I
had a feeling like who would have been
like yo what the hell man you serious
look how dope they like it was funny on
this one my god don't they look then yo
D the sake is slim prison red Octobers
they look fly there we go like hi guys
I'm an end this video here I hope you
guys enjoyed it before end it we have to
say number three of the whole tours
number five three was New York City
Minneapolis number four was Dubai and
number three for me is drumroll
Toronto Toronto Toronto Canada's mine
and also not one is also Toronto so all
of us but Toronto we're going to tell
you guys the last two tomorrow and the
day after tomorrow so it's going to be
really really tough tough but we're
going to see how it is tomorrow other
than that I'm gonna wrap up the vlog
here if you guys enjoyed the vlog make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey also I'm thinking about doing a
giveaway once I reach three million
subscribers so I don't know what to give
away next
I haven't done a giveaway for so long so
I'll keep you all updated with that and
I'm see you guys tomorrow
and I'll see you guys in Euston for the
last show do began take care and peace
I like pool oh hey but in all day
killing more night here in the hallway
she said you husband's me you'll cry get
us what they all say I'm about to go
listen speaking
