you guys have a hollow a tight hollow
with ice core huh
no no my Hawaii gold and water go ahead
okay you can have that'll be on max hey
guys what's up to do me I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so far I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy days so since the vlog is
a to be continued vlog I didn't get to
do the intro so I'm doing it right now
for you guys I bought a grandma pajama
outfit and the reason why I bought it
was because I had no pajamas and I need
a pajamas so I can sleep in the tour bus
and the only ones that I saw were
Walmart the grandma pajamas hand I ended
up having a cool little going out in
public with enjoy it thumbs up and I
will see you guys at the end of the vlog
see you guys next time
I don't know you guys I know you're
another what would I do
Thank You Louise what you're wearing
pretty with morning
you oh forget a floral dress right now
you know that you fucking went for your
mum's colors straight-up guy softball
you pajamas from Walmart cuz I'm I get
to sleep in the car and I never get to
sleep so this the pajamas they had it
didn't have like boy pajamas
or like mint pajamas so I got these and
these are comfortable like I always wear
with my mom and stuff like that so
should be good what what well what what
really went wrong
who said that only for woman hot
what did you do to where you had a
little more ugly from pajamas and they
do have our mentor comes easily good
consultant Legrand yeah I'm going busker
food is my son's room
excuse me excuse me can you take you
please okay
I mean wait where'd you learn those
Islamic nice yeah I get it
nobody so the onus is on a human girl
tied up yeah hello sunny-side up
make sure there's no bacon because he's
thinking he's gonna die do you have
mushrooms yeah we have with to the head
up is it Helen
you guys have a halal advice hello with
ice to our own Omaha gold and water
going
iced coffee iced coffee ice ice coffee
yet coffee you know that it caught me
and make me like give me a shower hot
coffee and then give me couples I just
ran home what are you doing down the
road that's my heart you have to change
he's gonna pay the bill alright guys we
had a lot of cards today because
everyone wants to pay today
alright get into one whichever card you
pick is the woman's gonna pay the bill
oh my gosh just got done eating -
amazing but this now really Allah Allah
Lorelei my legs fall and you're like I
can't move or before that day
guys I'm going to the car now hi guys so
I told you guys
number five of my city is New York City
and Minneapolis is a time now this one
took out Sydney admitted Minneapolis
someone who princess very camp today
it's time for number four of the top
five my number four and Nas is number
four and blizzard number four is all the
same it's drumroll through Dubai Dubai
is number four and Dubai was loud the by
was insane
the vibe made history but Dubai is
number four we were there lots of the
time because we had I had like five to
one so out of the five I have to take
like which one so there's love with the
wires
Birmingham is if I was really sold on
the really really close but my topic
describe those five for me is New York
City Minneapolis and number four is
divine faultless we'll see top three
number three tomorrow not bad number
twos and after that number one hi guys
we're like ten minutes away from Dallas
Texas it's about to get lit slim nod and
nipple over here they keep getting angry
because I'm wearing this and I don't
know what something problems like
where's this got a no makes it crystal
all the dust
why well somebody's back pretty good
the wrong with this whole beautiful well
you need I thought this guy's penis this
up when I hate a little blemish it we do
yoga buddy
nah bro I'm okay wow I'm not talking
about the wrestling I'm not talking both
the arms open and follow us yeah hope
you guys right now mattify come on
Parvati us right now squirt showering in
answer most of hashtag as messed up slim
enough cash I don't sign hashtag I'm not
speaking to your high say was thank you
hashtags you got the messed up
discotheque 41 happens easier
unfollow
and follow
so I'll follow pianos like they're
knocking something up or hydro bow
channel can read a new phrase not the
lady's name for France so how do they go
I look like shit man than I look
I would leave in overtime and I look at
how do they go good and did you know
people mess up well I mean you would
ring a dress cause it sounds like you
know what's come on follow
ha ha ha ha creaking anyone you go I'm
speaking you guys today do me Hank
what's up how's it going ah ah yeah I'm
not seeing if anyone in here so we made
it here in Dallas Texas like the city
look at this salad
we're going to take a little stroll vu
nipple and flip around Dallas hold
Easton Ellis haven't been your meat son
I've been here for like three years
and the fact that we're going to be here
to perform in Dallas it's a big big
achievement I status in every single
blog but like it's touches my heart
because knowing that we came here once
to like just hang out and we're coming
here again for a show it's a big big
goal so thank you guys so so much then
you ready to pop it off tomorrow it
broke down in Texas coverage will be
this week stick around well how did you
think what is that
does it detective
Oh max is live it's active like okay I'm
going to go is great where 20 Mahanama
summer in Atlanta that you'll if you
would you ever get admitted
ah so what's a better place in Texas is
it Dallas are you Dallas Dallas why I've
never been to you that I would just cool
down a new some Houston was all right
man I Galveston you know you're close to
the beach but up in Dallas company
cowboy Mavericks PS or okay what off the
rocket no was ours rock is good you know
Wow or well okay do me a is now time to
wrap up this ride I hope you all enjoy
the device it did make sure you thumbs
up and go Turkey I cannot wait I cannot
wait for Dallas and Houston to be the
last two shows so I'm really sad and
happy at the same time I'm happy because
I'm going to go get to see my family get
to have you know Rumble on blogs with
Ramadan is right around the corner but
I'm sad because I'm going to miss you
guys so much and the world tour was
seriously so so amazing I'm going to
take my speech and usin so hopefully I
don't really like Mesaba speech is
giving to the vibe for the audience for
everyone all around so we're going to
see how it goes
also I mentioned this a couple weeks ago
a few guys I know like exams and essays
are coming up and they're coming to an
end so if anyone is struggling with
essays or anything like that you can
hire a super smart nerd from Edo Bertie
calm and you can hire a nerd a really
smart nerd to write it for you it's 100%
confidential 100% plagiarism free and
you release the money whenever you're
satisfied with the essay with the paper
so if any of you guys need help or
worried about an essay coming up or
something like that you guys can use it
the link is in the description down
below I would have been doing the same
if I was back in college or back in high
school
do me anything you know Milan skits
amazing online related skits amazing
humble on the lanes of lives and
thinking if I can pull this off Ramadan
prank week I'll see you guys tomorrow
if you enjoy this video make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey take
care of zooming yang
yeah it's allow you okay fucking all day
killing more night here in the hallway
keep egging me you'll cry yeah that's
what they all say I'm about to go listen
taking out
