so how do you have a cigarette pack and
a lighter in your back smoking them
alone I'm not drunk
hey guys what's up in Douma gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day I just got home to
New York City all the way from Chicago I
am so so sorry my voice is completely
gone I'm going to do something really
really crazy today after it started so
I'm about to go afraid of that in five
minutes and then after that I'm gonna
prank Japan and I'm going to show you
guys what I'm going to do and the only
vlog footage I have from Chicago is with
Brandon Broadus and nipple when we told
them by so here it is you did so much
for nononononono this amazing he made a
whole Chicago trip but now we got a lot
of memories here in Chicago Sophie thank
you so much and I will see you
definitely soon hopefully no we work on
New York or anywhere around the world
let me know it was so much fun with you
guys but now I'm home now it's time to
do this Ramadan prank after it's not
someone see you guys in the next shot
dude do me gang it is time to prank
giman put trick me like that fun all
right guys so this is what we're going
to do you guys ready so almost every
single day Jimin has homework and I have
to help him with his homework almost
every single day him Hamza and Reema but
it's always the funniest with Jamel
because he always has random stuff in
his book bag so today me Muhsin and
Reema we're gonna put random objects
inside his book bag and then when he
comes we're gonna take it out and be
like what the heck is that doing in
there
we're gonna show you guys what we're
gonna put in his book bag but first
Reema go get his book bag right there
he has Pokemon book bag I don't know who
even like watches Pokemon anymore like
plays Pokemon it was called partners in
crime that's what I'm talking about
first thing we're gonna put is an opened
banana a date a shaving razor
we have blonde hair dye let's put it in
this bag last but not least we're going
to put a cigarette pack in this book bag
and a lighter in
look back so we're gonna blame him that
he has cigarettes and a lighter in his
book by was put inside conference close
the book back and when he comes we're
going to see keep in the corner kids
across think I guys do me a thumbs up
let's see if we can get fifty thousand
thumbs up you okay you say fifty
thousand thumbs up a new me angry only a
thousand I got okay let's see if we can
get one thousand one hundred thousand
thumbs up in a couple minutes we're
gonna getcha Matt and we're gonna help
him out with his homework and blame him
for all the stuff he has inside so as
you guys know this is Zayn Malik's book
you do and in this book he said that he
wears the Koran three times three times
we're gonna pretend you're reading okay
yeah man jihad
so in Zane's book community do homework
comfortable sit down
so done so in Zane's book closes it says
that he grew up in the UK do you guys
know what the UK where is it no there's
more to the UK than London also
Manchester yeah and there's more do your
homework
guys we're gonna help Jim at his home
and give him away I need to put this in
my lip book it aside huh yes you do you
also you two need up stop sit down what
type of home we got today huh need to
study for a math test papers whatever
bananas on
huh your mom put it in your bag for
lunch I'll pay you're fasting for half
today you're fasting are you saying it
like you're don't know
that's weird just to have Ryan and
banana in your bag
nobody serious what do you have a date
in your book bag your mom put in your
bag you sure you're not going to have a
date in school what do you mean this
time no but I'm saying you shouldn't
have a date in school no give me to tell
your mommy try to have a day in school
why do you have a date in your book bag
hey to eat yeah yeah but you break your
fast that night what a date I know which
day do you like the best this one or
Zara yeah more folders which one is your
homework are you serious
what do you have a razor shaving razor
never black also with you so what why do
you have random stuff in your book bag
huh
you kind of dye your hair to blonde you
know if your mom or dad load you have
blonde hair dye in your book bag they're
gonna freak out it sounds crazy people
to see oh my gosh get back get back get
back
are you serious you seriously joking ah
you might you know this is a big big
deal right I'm gonna tell your mom alone
somebody tell your mom what you have in
here okay look look look you have a
chance to be honest with me okay what do
you have in your book bag be honest
nothing be honest because what I've seen
in there it's not nothing
look at me nice be honest with me what
do you have in your book bag girl tomato
bean series what do you have in your
book bag my girl yeah all right now
explain me this how you have a cigarette
pack and a lighter in your book bags not
me so how do you have a cigarette pack
and a lighter in your bag I don't smoke
them alone I'm a drunk
what do you mean you don't smoke it on a
lot so you don't see smoke when it's not
on my line
huh I'm smoking nuts now I'm alone I'm a
kid you know if your mom knows you that
knows they're gonna freak out right
should I call them I'm gonna call your
mom right now if you think I'm joking
I'm not joking I'm gonna call you mom
Tom grab my phone yeah I'm grab my phone
yeah so why do you have cigarettes in
here huh that wasn't a 1-mile smell
Coriolis monkey no one what do we only
have shishun ones okay seriously you're
joking huh are you serious are you
joking
why do you have cigarette pack and the
latest me I'm not I'm gonna be an
asshole what does that have to do with
anything it's smoking it bathroom that's
cool yeah so your school is good and all
the school is bad yeah you can't judge a
school like that so what what do mean so
well why do you have cigarette in your
frickin bag stand up stand up stand up
don't move like Jamaa I love you so much
man in my world you my everything I love
you so much and to know that you smoke a
cigarette you're gonna make me be sad
and make me cry
I don't want it it's about making me
miss you I miss you Hey I love to
Chicago and on the soup and I come back
yeah
are you smoking like you Yuma
what would you make me cry like this why
miss you so much haven't seen you for so
long
what do you mean who's my lad so I was
in your book baggy so my dad cigar my
dad put in your book bag come on don't
make me sad we are be honest with me who
put this in your bag know who put it I
think I know it's you who is it
you know what do you mean it's me I
don't even know with you
what do you mean it's me I'll be old
enough about earlier maybe you took
something implants and put it up there I
did it why would I do that you're
blaming me for something you're blaming
me who put these figures I think who
Remo why are you laughing
did you put cigarettes and up turned up
that him crying is making you laugh so
when he cries you laugh stand up stand
up stand up
hello whose cigarettes a deep be honest
he ma'am she just told me these your
cigarette what it means diaries she just
told me is yours you know what's wrong
to smoke cigarettes right that's wrong
Rima told me you and I believe we're I
think you know give us give us is bad
for you to have this
yes it is yours wife in your book like
good your plan is what even I put in
there huh you want to be honest
give me to be honest okay I'll be honest
I put it everywhere
oh okay Rema wasn't me
Zuma okay do me a look like a complete
mess do me gang I'm done with this prank
Nevada I'm sorry I'm sorry you don't
you're a good boy I promise he's a
really really good book
okay stop why are you pushing me okay
okay okay oh okay stop stop it do me
games you guys enjoyed this video
huh that's my monkey actually someone
gave it to me Chicago taking my monkey
and give my monkey our my monkey I'm
running on my monkey do me I am and this
video here thumbs up I love you guys
subscribe
