you can have that'll be on my hey guys
what's up a doobie gang I hope you all
having a me today because we're having
an amazing day so we're having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy today it do me hang right
now we are in Iowa Iowa this is like the
first time ever we're like in like the
middle of America and it's really scary
because everyone's like used to like
tornadoes and me slim all of us are
really really scared of tornadoes but
we're about to make this extra scary
especially for NAS so as you guys know
Naz and DJ it's a couple weeks ago in
quoits they put water all over me and
slim literally water all over us and all
over our bed I know it doesn't seem that
like crazy living just for water but it
was all over our bed we couldn't sleep
our bed was literally soaking wet those
were spoons ever had dude literally we
couldn't even believe it wasn't my
friend was never know the previous what
principle exactly man the whole water
like was freezing cold it was water on
our blanket we could've got sick so VJ
it's he's in London right now we were
gonna get him but he's not here so I
guess we're just going to get NAS they
even called the security on me and sling
while we were in Quaid for no reason
just like mess with us and stuff like
that and we told them we're going to get
them back whenever they're least you
know expected this right here it's still
not the prank that we're going to get
them back with this is just a flat ohm
baby you know little prank but not he
just chose the wrong decision he decided
to go to sleep right now he's in the
other room I know sleeping knocked out
it's me slim and the homie nipple who's
right now is gonna record a lot of
securities it I'm excited for the
commute so not he loved his beard so so
much little he's gonna go he's in love
with his beard he has never shaved his
gear just like five six years so decided
today we're going to go to his luggage
since he's a barber he's a celebrity
hair stylist he cuts like famous people
like footballers and like sport like
whatever he cut his hair so he always
carries like clippers and stuff like
that so we're gonna take one of his
clippers why he's knocked out right now
and just shave his beard because
enormous Islamism
zoomy window is the Preferences of the
very proud this is that shoot Rock Paper
Scissors shoot okay mr. shoot quiet cut
you cut you cut is this different well
oh well you're gonna go crazy vote this
video gets 30 down sums up we'll do the
next prank our original prank that we're
gonna do and it's something that's like
he would not even know even if I'm
mentioning it here even he's watching
right now it's something that he would
not even know oh yeah when you go thirty
thousand up I keep this open door here
Jesus we can we broke I asked me mistake
mission so in the porn
don't keep it inside
yes
thank you
boy cookbook we're gonna kick our ass
for I don't get uppity little didn't
grow until I feel like the middle feet a
little bit
was it Robin
you always take off your sweater first
of all what fuck you oh just leave the
fuck you button what but we're just
people but thank you all right well it's
fucking good to get a fucking cut off my
face motherfucker friends is what fuck
if you don't smoke it no fuck it looking
it wrong really now it ain't even
fucking funny that one get a fuck the
other face perfectly you're okay I'm not
plugging your head a swim through your
face is good no you know that one hook
you got a rider the cheering spot oh man
I'm fuckin cannot believe this brotherly
love monkey not fucking funny no that's
ray oh fuck hit the brake
she's fond of Susie oh shit oh fuck
well fuck man I'm well goes back well
ugh is that crazy much fucking work that
one can be seen the cameras are people
are not punching it all at one time bro
one time say okay you got tell you that
one looking like then you can probably
imagine some images say that's a bad
romance you know can't remember as well
I'm so sorry
I did it before for a trump video girl
tell you what we got it I shaved my
whole beautiful chunking it goes back
that that little bit of you let's plug
it in you know you go back to gold quick
switch and please shut the fuck up wanna
ammo sir
so if you love anyone else on fucking
not some fucking three of you are very
poor keep it on kid I'm doing a piece my
other self Alex is rolling across sugar
munch beautiful now make the fucking
creeps it was doesn't eat your woman now
you're good yeah no legs doing it bruh
fuck you cunt just do a brother ticket
oh you're look you look so good but it
was good what might you will feel good
Wow nice but that's not right now
seriously thank you right so little bit
about what I look like a really
different
oh my god I've never seen I've never
seen a lot of you you know I'm done
lil but my family both are the guys that
Quattro Leila with a friend looks
Cameron citizen say yes no wonderful it
or fucking shit not even a fucking pool
party doing yo for Holly fucking
recognize me
they're both looking then I can know
you're not the new identity here you
leave enough
okay I'd even though you gotta bring
this okay seriously kick yourself I'm
about to so now I see sorry
Kona ah you have a joke before I'm dead
asleep like you know machine
well you met Brendan quit member dad
it's called obviously little water and
shit you just it's bad boy it's a lot of
principle bro yo Matty serious Oh voted
to unfollow me bro
look what he unfollowed me they'll
follow me on twitter oh you guys know
easily the Bible - well he took away a
damn sales management by Allah he'll
join us
what kind of Justice is this a joke now
sister John wrong but it changed Joe's
wrong we're all here and that's a value
to this rule I'm fond of me I don't care
but what I'm gonna do over there joke
I'll manage I didn't mean it like no
harm by taking it too far bro like it's
fall it'll grow back to fly to the
fucking rid of too far you look kraspo
you talk about to fall you falling back
a honey badger I want to see if you
tweet anything bullshit I did it sweet
nothing wrong I went to go see and then
I had a look at 1:04 you know fuck this
guy Joe Colombo letitia's I don't come
on man I'm a genius all that well I'm
sorry
I didn't know any of that one either
what about you
um please call what did you not want me
to be the audience going to shame abidos
one welcomes real fun is funny now is it
we messed up sorry like not oh not that
again please my dad can we do anything
hi guys so come you guys in this video
we gonna smash the like button if you
know what I'm saying
I'll come to a harmony apology special
like right now I'm Matsunaga mostly just
as a toe below and well guys I feel
really really bad like I guess I guess
in being mad is gonna calm him down for
business and I think a day or two he's
gonna just like be like it's all good so
like I'm for family mean me not slim
we're all family
he's definitely matters but in fact that
he like movies by oh I've never seen
them get that mad I feel really bad so
that
I'm kind of like habit anytime you ever
been fighting like a month bro yeah
I start at LFO that's all Adam something
I love you not system love you go and
then a payback is up bitch
hopefully comes down what you guys know
what happens tomorrow guys but we may
get a single separate ways okay but in
all day guillain-barr√© night here in a
hard way
