hey guys what's up you do me gang I hope
have amazing name because you all happy
do me game I am in Slim's crib on with
the home and thought I'm allowed in this
house you don't say girls I got hot I'm
calling to abide no family no good kind
of pain for a night bro you gotta teach
me bro bro man we were just playing my
teaching yeah bro 100% w-well that gives
me these double use menu I'm teaching
better oh my gosh trash if I ever play
like a four night video Khalid you're
gonna have to like show me bird I'm
training all right look look I'm trying
to set up Malik what they're doing right
now look god yeah I'm with the homie
team and you seriously makes my day he
was telling me what we seen my kiss I'm
gonna knock you out here was if I mean
we want to fight each other a mangy man
you got his money on me adieu me gang so
if you guys do not know I'm chillin in
Slim's house right now we were just
playing some for night I'll explain to
you guys everything after they announced
me will be coming soon so stay tuned
we're gonna say I don't pay for name you
don't pay for night what're you playing
happen ever do we W MC sure a who's he
favor us with him what's his name no
since gain nothing more is he nice yeah
I like hurts no way you like hey my dad
watches a lot of Zoe Zoe he's always you
gotta come to my crib man you Khalid and
Hamza yes I gotta go to my crib man guys
a huge shout-out to slim college dad
thank you so much man sir it's the I
appreciate it so much the best
hospitality and back family thank you
guys I got ice cream man you wanna
so what do you mean I know I don't know
so I'm waiting on family with it's like
dominant slim I know thank you
well yo I should just move into you guys
huh say yeah doobie gang I am finally
back home I haven't told you guys not
went back to the UK I'm gonna be there
in a few days cuz Birmingham March 10th
I'm ready to see you guys I'm ready to
turn up also I kind of started the vlog
a little late because I was with my dad
at the hospital so do me again please
please please if we can't keep Baba
Salah in your prayers he's going through
so much right now but my dad he is a
champ I love them so much so pray for
Baba silent I'm here with the kids I
know you hear them but the kids are
right here look at the kids
we got moccasin we have Rima as another
kid we have slim as the third kid what
are you doing 6 what what are you
playing
Remo's gives me hugs we might always
like when I come back she gave me the
biggest hug and him he only tells me to
what what do you eat good huh
what if I want to open it one beside
gumballs Rima how many can you do
something cool huh none you got this one
oh all right guys so right now Rima
can't do one hula hoop but by the end of
the week you're gonna do a hundred yes
100 all right guys I'm gonna teach her
and you guys are gonna go through her
journey she's getting to a hundred holes
right now she only knows how to do one
don't worry mom you got this
here we got the Oh me what's his name
hey hey ba ba ba ba ba ba ba what's his
name
Buster have fun Wow Reema would you call
him what he's ba ba also he's eight
cakes cakes was good he better i do bro
what you been doin today movie theater
baby shot McClure yeah how sharp in
everything everything eh you know yo we
got to see some of the baby clothing
that come here
yes yes let's go I'll go see it we're
gonna see in the next shadow yeah yo man
I keep telling you slimming Cavs are
trash so come on man what's up bro are
you serious it nuggets Center Nuggets
nuggets
so do me gang if you guys do not know
there's gonna be another little baby
just like muffin
nope you're playing alone you playing
alone as I was saying if you guys do not
know in a month and two or three months
there's gonna be a new member of the
Adams family here lucky just like Bossin
and Abe it was a close all right oh my
god this is gonna be the cutest thing
ever man yo man oh my god yo baby
clothes baby oh my god yo - the baby
drools there's so much stuff in here
mashallah
oh my god I cannot wait you're a boy be
are you expecting like more money
mei-mei bye guys so anytime are the
months that May won't tell you guys that
will surprise you guys but shallow the
baby comes out he'll be universal what
is this toilet baby tiny baby like if
you have anyway yeah this is Yemen
around and I'm not seeing in Thai sounds
weird
we call it up month you know what's the
other worst you're the worst Yemeni
roses in other words you just know a
little bit but like you're the worst
it's like I don't know how to say it
Oh Reba this is the most awkward goes
with my family Yemen
you speak Arabic with Rima literally one
two three four five
okay okay
yo uno dos tres cuatro what can you do
record me I could do it I can do it yo
Reba's recording me right now man Remo
sir one-handed coffee ready oh my god
lawson you go hey how'd you do that I
don't know how to do it
yo a huge thumbs up for Rima my solution
you're talented you're very athletic too
that's good keep it up with your
athleticism keep it up with your working
out keep up with everything of course we
can Tremont what no YouTube is a kid see
what that my cousin Saudi Arabia he
called them kissy oh my god what okay
let's go for nightly - a fortnight you
are gonna pay duo's coming squat squat
duo squad let's do it by the way guys
means sleep we might stream real soon
let's go see the play games gossiping
games got to be gossiping game what
happened oh my god so much stuff he was
late on that he wants to play hippo she
wants me to who the who I gotta go
handling business meetings my brother
you don't say moments we had something
much bigger than a penny what happened
what okay once like Moses let's play
what I mean you know what I mean you you
don't play with me
most didn't even leave me like that
Mohsen I thought you loved me man okay
I'm giving this the other brother
goodbye
yes I am I've given as him no it's your
brother's he's coming soon
he's coming soon okay fine fine we're
here
some is playing horn night without me
man Oh top ten come on sent aw man so it
always makes the top ten my cell these
dope man let's go games and gossiped
whistle Adam coming soon so I gossiping
hey man what it's like Gossip Girl
I don't know not come on slim let go
let's go slim
let's go slim suppose them can't kill
who's that use my do me gang as I told
you guys I removed all the glass there
is no longer glass on the floor I
cleaned up my whole place is literally
nothing that's it this only little
pieces over here but I didn't get rid of
the whole door but the fact that I got
rid of all the glass is a good thing
because I was really afraid for like for
kids especially slim some was like worse
than a kid but a doobie gang I
some bad bad news to tell us in a few
right after all for something from a few
box I'll tell you guys the bad news some
yes let's choose what we got today from
the stuff from let's open this big one
here right there let's open this one up
okay buddy this one the big one it's
cute okay I'm back to my spot a back
some awesome closing the door because
you can just easily be like hey how are
you
once again a huge shout out to the whole
of Gumi gang follow Mirada guys do not
forget March 10 is the day you guys can
get all your tickets for my world tour
thank you to every single one of you
guys like I'm thankful for you guys to
have you as in my life you guys
seriously social baby
this has personal I don't know I
probably have a companies or stuff
sending me stuff but let's let's see
yeah alright let's check it out no it's
so long whoa all I see is candy gonna so
I'll see you some candy come out let's
see more candy it says to Adam solid
heavy hey come on in
this is the main thing that came out I
don't know what this supposed to be
I love you like Reba they are gonna have
easy what this is dope for the back of
this to Adam solid it says hashtag
secret admirer
what listen to your heart this has no
names but for my secret admirer what
there's no name on every month no that's
in Spanish they all know they all mean
the love oh yeah they are more happy
video seriously it's whatever is said
this man like let me know who was not
want to know it was my secret admirer my
secret admirer what's your name
secret admirer yeah that means it's not
in that means someone has a crush on me
and like send me something cute I don't
know thank you love has no labels that's
what I said rebo's really trying to find
the name finally with a name what's the
name of my secret admirer but this is
gonna be hung up definitely it says I
love you like three months funny how
pretty much just popped up here and it
said wow this is crazy secret admirer I
love you like Rima they have more how
you not could put it there yeah yeah I
can hang it up there and we could put it
in part of our you know our whole little
gallery we're gonna have here all over
this room and do me XO I told you guys I
have some bad bad news it is really late
right now it's gonna say thank you got
so much for the support a lot of you
guys have been asking about the big
announcement about today but the bad
news is that the big announcement is
pushed till March 7th so do me getting
there won't be announced today it'll be
announced March 7th I'm so so sorry I
promise you guys this is a dope dope
announcement we just needed it to be
right we don't want to rush and
thing want everything to be correct and
perfect for you guys we're doing a few
guys three mothers even know what
surprises do I'm gonna tell you what two
surprises
yes you know huh well now you guys know
her reaction um I didn't want to say a
little hint stuff cuz then you guys
would know but uh be ready for this is
give me really really dope anyways let
me get the drug whose are not all mine
whose oh man he's your friend
yes okay I'm just making sure he's your
friend and by you gonna tell them I
don't know little kids that they go
since your friends no snitch don't tell
him don't tell no one room away till
March 7 okay you're 6 you can't be
giving your friends an easy pass bureau
strong with you seriously have you given
a hard pass no don't you're gonna eat
faster than my heart - yep okay let them
wait - March 7 because good you say
whatever you want I don't know I just
don't trust kids are gonna have to start
you know something you ever wanted in my
announcement is gonna be gone like you
guys always like find out everything
early and likely I'm doing it you guys a
wild man anyways ever see you guys
tomorrow I hope you guys enjoy this
video if you did make sure you give a
thumbs up and go do not forget to
subscribe and put your notifications on
the do me get I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care
hey thumbs up and subscribe thumbs up
and subscribe subscribe
