what's fair about to go with my oh my
guys thank you guys oh man this is sick
I had a communicate buyers swim you're
not taking none of this
hey guys what's up for do me game I hope
y'all having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so we're
having an amazing day you are should you
have an amazing happy day
they surprised me right from the hi how
you doing doing good yeah it's awesome
shows your heart
goodie thank you so much I know
hi guys we were in the basketball Awards
backstage getting ready for the games
big league games oh my numbers for iMac
I sixty this time so hopefully we win
for my birthday
it'd still be getting ready to take over
our 24 years old my first ever
officially vlog I had the 24 year old
man it's today and it should be really
really fun I'm excited
hi sup let's do it also someone
surprised me today a special special
guest he came all the way from Toronto
Canada and he is here in Chicago the
homey the man why are ya
he flew out well he doesn't see me tell
me having very little rotate thank you
folding was doing the 4:00 a.m. and I'm
like damn I'm going to be shown the
grounds where they playing the game on
your birthday I'm like Africa man let's
go in Chicago this dude is crazy voters
thank you so much for coming through
everyone guys it's nice to you I missed
you so well I might be soon there's
development so what is there right here
we are money putting up his life our
pregame warm-up is hosting our blog just
hit it boys
listen to music focus business your
upper waters ready for the bowl already
do this for you for your birthday
we should've okay forgot like Giselle I
mean oh yeah obviously just enough hey
we might be on opportunity but we are
others on your arm Arizona
okay we got Tony the man Stony Brook
there you should have been a lot zero we
got all the races which lady that's
always I got a big penis over there
that's ready to lose take it out tonight
what we'll take it out tonight huh what
about that because it might without
getting my men ready bro mom I take you
vote sorry I think it's honest
hi guys we've done practically the sugar
round the games about to start
Oh
I got about two bars look at his Georgia
let us go with this sleeve game it will
be but the point is people it's not the
other ways are losing by one point all
we need is one time we got this coming
at you got
going to leave oh my gosh hi guys
20 seconds left we're losing battle -
boy - I'm looking good no time out yeah
because one more try one more chance
yeah okay I don't get it we must
remember never get a garage okay
baaji making soup Rico we're gonna tie
the game up so let's see how it is
one point he makes it be tied up
including all otherwise no one present
any passing day back why not three three
one two three head
now it's over done you got the vice
principal of calculus
I know you're made absolutely somebody's
up over time and we're losing by one
point and I can tell you guys about the
game with this game is insane why he is
killing in his bed no sweat and now we
win of our point we can keep that lead
we got it come on scoop it up now one
about 50 seconds to go and that's it we
can celebrate
ah
we have like 10 seconds up pretty much
the guys Calculon everybody W we have
the previous footage event so Walt on
Sunday ago it's crazy so many too few
chatter money kick I am what do you
think Charlie laughter Thank You Betty
Sue gave me this food oh well I think
you've already searched public I
appreciate it so much thank you oh this
is everyone oh we think you like I could
tell I was waiting on have a look and
you're like a so yours I'm gonna get no
way to class now you have to waited
and I'm quite right
now I did it same one you were good
looking guys we keep out of
I don't know
hi guys the game is done it was an
amazing amazing game nigga con thank you
guys so much but I just reached 3
million 3 million subscribers let me see
it or the 3 mil thing literally
nigga is officially over right now
everyone is leavin and I reached 3
million 20 million look at this right
there
hey do me dang I cannot believe that we
reach 3 million subscribers on my
birthday actually I do not cannot
believe that you guys got me to 3
million subscribers because I believe in
you guys and you guys did it seriously
this is like a lot of people coming up
to me telling me like wow I'm your
birthday and you got 3 million
subscribers and it's normal on and it's
like and you won the game it was like so
much amazing things happening like
literally so much amazing things this is
one of my favorite bestest birthday ever
and it was so amazing to see you guys
and have an event like this and meet you
guys and just literally have fun with
you guys and I'm Twitter on Instagram to
everyone who wished me a happy birthday
thank you guys so so much told my
friends so my family told every single
one you guys all over we're watching on
YouTube also thank you thank you thank
you for your birthday wishes and
everything I appreciate everything what
you guys as you guys know this is still
the beginning 3 million subscribers if
you guys are not subscribed subscribe to
me gang also I want to give a huge huge
thank you to Caius Ahmed widely money
Kicks slim my best friend now every
single one of they're so genuine and I
appreciate every single one of them I
want you guys to go comment on whatever
social media that you guys know there
and tell them Adam says he's thankful so
tell them that I said I'm thankful for
them so if you want money kick tell Adam
said thank you for the sneakers if you
go to slim Instagram comment see Adam
said he loves you and you're the bestest
amazing best friend if you go to
providers dad
that thank you for your hospitality he
was so so nice saying thank you to Caius
for bringing me out sneer God say thank
you to buy the lodging for being amazing
what you guys to let them know how
thankful I am so now let's start that
trying to get thank you Adam said thank
you to you so thank you guys so so much
I'm literally you guys do not know how
thankful I am and how motivated I am
right now so I'm going to keep killing a
few guys do me a thumbs up and thank you
so much for all the surprises I love you
guys see you tomorrow back in New York
shit-faced alley
you
