when you said dogs Tara Mary come here
does anyone want that no more you either
you can have the head we all know hey
guys what's up at Duma gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazingly so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day today we are
performing in Dearborn and there is a
big mess going on because DJ itch is not
here so our whole audio and video is up
to NOS not being a DJ and not as having
so much trouble he is struggling by
believing him and I know he could do it
so hopefully he pulls it off and gets
the music good gets the videos good let
me go see how it goes for Dearborn today
I cannot wait see you guys do not hear
it I track DJ not you the day does that
crash I could tell the whole reaction
you was job is too fast to tell Azul Mic
Check I can't replace them but baby I'll
try
every day the rest of my life no way was
getting I do I was here before I was
good hi guys not me DJing right now he's
actually doing really good
oh yeah I am the law do not have seen
three songs but he's all good audios
good he's hyping up good and everything
turned out great
I'm Dylan I expected it to go bad and I
was literally going to change but it's
going good right now and I'm ready to go
on stage and rock it to you guys here
born so I'll see you guys neither on the
stage I'm sure you guys do a little shop
all right guys I just did my first set
Dearborne you guys are amazing I love
you guys and what I love about you guys
until you guys right now
there's a lot of ours in Dearborn it's
like the most like the number one most
Arabs here in all of America you guys
going to always come a family like
parents so you guys are more chill and
you guys listen and I love that so much
when I do the stand-up because sometimes
when it gets too crazy and loud no one
hears like my jokes or anything that I
do so this one I love Dearborn every
time I come here when you as a social
you guys listen to the jokes laugh at my
jokes and just don't interrupt me so I
appreciate that so so much and the crowd
is amazing huge you guys are literally
sold out I'm sure you guys in a few so
I'll see you guys in the next shot
you killed it all today even hooked up
twice full 5 tonight you killed the DJ
man you don't have to wear my socks are
open to the files here
sometimes I'll have to do the shoulder
and click content later but then what
happens I love students so they know who
I am
stop from so pretty much you were just
dumb yeah basically but it's why I'm not
a Jay this little guy here we go I'll
move out to Frank Adam and this guy's
enormous we are here buddy Adam he goes
he will go do static ready yes
make sure you get food Assaf right right
so make sure you carry on for ages
oh I just let him know that he's he's a
waste man
all right and you know you guys have to
be like nah nah he's nice why you being
rude for rock materialism not under my
favorite it's gonna be the last people
alive about this ghost everywhere we're
going to town the village life your guns
yes - all right you guys make sure you
know if you got a show no good little
hole right here nah man they write down
there but you guys American servicemen
we cannot
what is a form of deviation of all
Pittsburgh lease up man I thought with
that rope so we love you man you said
dr. Mary so we're getting a lot watched
anymore you either vegetable
come on buddy next week problem or you
slip you slip him straight up it
definitely is - how did you guys move it
up to anybody together they spent one
one here man here bro you get a shot for
it what saw what he did bro what's wrong
with y'all man y'all need to show
something more ado let me tell you I got
too drunk are you guys here you go are
you yeah I'm here to broker and we do
nothing good John I'm like
something other than Oh
curry I like this I like it would you
look like exact oh it was get a rose it
was like where's leather suede I'm sorry
you know he was looking for I don't I
mean I better go get a man good luck ash
have the trash roll talk about that I
mean it's all badass okay I agree
no no no what any sweet oh just roll
watch the final Owen come on okay okay
dad we're getting we're doing stuff cars
you know a night boys lawyers lawyers
guys are vanilla please all day yeah
I've never tried Yemaya room
how have you not tried given future you
guys are going to try from yemeni food
and it's about to be sick you ready have
you tried rebooting never I decided
never never
Wow I'll meet our spices goodness mama
God she goes on so here one honey system
to help okay honey honey
all right now try it to the poison
not good hi guys we got to help with the
lava right here with that what's the
suit
golovkin plus a meter right
no look it's not edible he said nothing
your phone is not know it's security now
these three just like all you know eat
it with a portion in a nice I won't even
Apple funny crease whenever we can
explain it so long back you exactly put
have to put a little bit for some salad
in their group yeah there you go and
then you just smash he said yeah you
know like little brother it's like those
kids whatever is go big guns are you
please but if everyone on it look at how
it breaks off y'all taking this yes dig
it Oh y'all rigging everything put it on
saying I said honey love it love it love
it
the hangers talk to David is all of the
network you
we just got done eating from the energy
food I feel so so good right now for a
knockout and show oh my god I feel I got
a whole missile on food for eating here
it's amazing guys you shut up
- Siobhan here in Dearborn thank you my
god I hear come to the Democrats are the
real 77280 got paying off your cars
thank you guys thank you guys want to
give you a huge special shout out how is
that timing line have it the higher you
love you all right here we love you
roses you want a key right here is gonna
do fear I hurt you I'm looking at WB for
great Mohammed while mayor go try to get
it let's do a point I was such an
amazing restaurant what I love about
Dearborn is who's copying delivered no
shisha look legal regime and look at it
what it's impossible
alright so good thank you a cigarette
money no politics in the open look I got
a hostess Wow
okay look at what's a great cloud guys
we decided to take a stop here in
Coldwater say what's up to the people
did you how many people here there's a
big big Yemeni community here in cold
water so we decided to come down show
with them for a bit and have some fun a
cold water because I can't leave you
guys left office I went to Dearborn I
plus the homie right here emiram you
lived in cold water
all men is from cold water these guys
like we never even announce that we're
here and see them already know and we'll
go out we're going to see them right now
ready Thank You Miami always look like
guys this is without no one saying as it
is a showed out the homies right here
man gotta represent in cold water I know
a lot of people don't haven't heard of
like cold water here in Michigan but we
got you guys TM MN here in cold water
represent to you guys gonna come now the
chill up so you guys here I just have
some fun because I love you guys and I
know a lot of you guys sometimes can't
get tickets and like that so we just
chill have some fun is you have a flat
um with nipple and not jello top coming
do a price cookies you gimme Google
especially what you want right now out
of you what did you want
hey what's in it yes brothers your 2020
you guys are so cute the size of us now
so we don't be annoyed there was hell
what's that upper face guys are bringing
in the tape a little by little bug
groups don't we do a little meeting meet
agree right here the beginning the love
of you out of the first people we met in
the meet agree entirely Mikaela Mariah I
got a full water how would you hear you
guys fingers nice I like it
we're blasting Justin you realize water
before he came here why cuz I never
really heard it an article water to last
year so are you guys are really nice
thank you guys so much
along again I mean I gotta beat em we
have a couple cool mother Shella
implicated in Ian's halloumi wrong
misser you remember what I can't let
arose
I want to give a shout out to the born
Abdullah and Adam son is your right okay
I would pick them all away but ha ha ha
point I'm gonna starting tonight granny
slim biodiesel again Oh am i doing it
why are you going on murder
this is yes all mounted again for
underscored blessed underscore for
canoes are armed their gun T who happen
is woolly and ma na ji hyo's ha way Hey
no not again
much love hi guys we just got to our
hotel here in Coldwater we're staying
here for a couple hours and we're
heading to Chicago thank you guys so
much to everyone in Dearborn and
Coldwater you guys were amazing thank
you for all your energy your support the
gifts the posters everything you guys
did I appreciate everything one of you
guys and I cannot wait to you guys real
real soon so right now we're in the
hotel the big big announcement that we
have is nipple right here the real name
is Nabil edy
not his real name is a rope on it
they're both going to be having a boxing
match either September October we're
going to a charity boxing match in the
UK one of the fights is these two people
right here another one of the fights is
me and I'm still choosing an opponent
but no one has like I don't know why the
heater well just buy one
I'm just play the heater I should fight
a hater everyone has a bowl of blue
I've got couple messages from haters but
I don't know I don't know no one wants
it's like box me in this moccasin I
don't know why but I'll go easy look for
charity if one and the other boxer fight
is going to be equal cost and Mickey so
what constant to keep not a nipple me
and someone to file keep you all updated
with it's going to be in the York all
around september october it's going to
be just a charity boxing match every
year me and not you want to do like a
charity and
and charity boxing is the best way to do
it because you having fun you're
enjoying you're watching boxing and
you're doing charity so it's a turn up
it's crazy
and I want to have a box of fight left
box why I had was with not because my
boxing license is like suspended a stuff
like that but I am gonna have a boxing
match
I'm just waiting to find an opponent
what cops in the key not the nipple me
and someone these two they're going at
it like they're literally they're both
so confident that they're gonna win so
the other coach I'm relaxed where you're
going on I'm pretty don't see it in your
eyes you don't want it oh yeah yes what
else do you see us free
oh yeah what else did me Oh what else
you see I'm smiling what's the funny me
oh oh it is it's more you know fibrous
trust me we know if I listen it's not
about the fight in the dog
that it's a matter if your fighter you
can't ever how much Milan do you think
this is gonna go I'm purposely taking
around 12 Wow remember to take around so
this I can beat us every round oh my god
full 12 dosage yo he's soaked up with
it's not going to be easy like Nakia 1/2
an hour for 12 rounds down but I will
calculate every punch Oh white shirt so
never not stop the more rounded and you
can't even differently with it oh look
me in the face me all right you can't
even look at me Romero's run away oh
we're gonna do I can see right through
this game oh yeah yeah we'll see see
resolutely well ready baby
oh wait I'm not taking my grizzly bear
oh well your goddamn face off of your
goddamn face
oh we got no more face like those teeth
all busted up and your chest is ripped
open boys yeah I'll show you what the
Toronto hood man Du Bois
hey what do you do yesin you can't avoid
me okay Oh sick sad boy oh my god
if I get it though you know that is just
wonder you guys are nice too high drop
five signal just so you know okay it for
an effect look at employment give me
camera look at what is going to be hard
to fight the first time you're gonna
lose Oh
justify oh that's what I wish I wish I
could say I wish I could say the same
hey I lost the fight back it down off
the fight oh I wish I could say this I
musta fire I must have watched a very
good fight
oh yeah yeah sucks gonna be a guy
believe it yeah this fight is going
better than Mayweather and Pacquiao
I can't wait to announce my fight and
what Cassidy keep is another crazy fight
so these three fights is gonna be insane
especially this one right here as a team
nipple are they seem not to me you know
the difference between in this guy what
this is bulls bro yeah absolutely is
that's what it comes down to Wow so you
can be bigger than me anything but
earlier this what happened only right we
got--okay we did it we did a little
prank whenever he got scared it was
scared when some guys approached down I
don't know no pussy and are you the nice
gang you're just a nice guy that's it
you go good huh you're a nice guy give
you that please I wish I could do a nice
guys finish last but they want to temper
all over whenever you ready right I'll
tell you tomorrow September I'll take it
then I wait wait a little bit we got a
train we gotta wait a little bit take a
little rest we're just finishing a world
tour and by the way the 2018 tour we do
not know if it's even happening it's
still in talks but as of now it's not
even happening so I'm not going to speak
about it right now
2070 towards about to finish but stay
tuned for this fight and the 2018 tour
that might talk about soon I don't know
you need to be like this without the
19th or or 2020 tour Bob promised adieu
me I'm gonna keep you guys updated but
for now you see like every day there's
an argument between these two and it's
literally insane so having this fight
you know is gonna be really really good
other than that I wrap up the vlog here
I love you guys
kazumi yang and let me know in the
comments below what you guys think and
choose me an opponent give me someone to
fight in the comments below a charity
boxing match let me know youtuber a
boxer anyone nice the box though not a
mind like a boxer or youtube or someone
who helps to fight me I don't know and a
challenge charity box domestic let me
know and in the comments below to Mike
maybe well my fight is nothing that flew
out tomorrow do me I see you guys
tomorrow me and take care and love hey
but in all day giving more night here in
the hallway could you bet you you'll cry
yeah that's what they all say
I'm about the gold business taking out
