my thing is like it doesn't bite now
does it - be careful buddy we found the
bikes a bike
hey guys what's up for dooming yang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day I am so
so tired so exhausted we had a flight to
Chicago and right now we are in shock
city it is day six of Ramadan and I'm
gonna be honest I am really really tired
really exhausted because our flight was
early in the morning and I had no sleep
so I feel like a zombie right now but
hamdullah we made it to Chicago and I'm
so so excited for sneak on this Sunday
which is on my birthday we got the
homies slim and the key right there
what's up was very low register he's
awesome all the brothers here but he's
in the other room sleeping because he is
exhausted too and Slim's brother Holland
is on his way to Chicago because someone
over here forgot his passport and his ID
so now Connard literally is coming to
Chicago to give him his pass for an IV
you looks just like insane what kind of
mentality I mean how are you gonna send
your brother I'm gonna fly him up just
to give you your ID here's a breacher
better do it you're come on let's go
over that I'm some well over the size
Robin you say no follow me closely
totally you will wrap me no cop yes
what are you including everybody's a
winner what do you mean and the blog's
on each other by foot weekend our logos
here Liz's I remember the life like
12-minute bonuses watch watch it to open
all right guys so we're having to go see
the homie swag hit Diddy right now I
haven't seen him for a while like this
is a gym and a pool inside in Chicago he
plays my mention rope I mentioned you
had a lot of that we hadn't any other
than Allah translation is really so
fortunately and I take a lot yes I guess
I got everything out of the hood this is
a language analysis let us take alpha to
the 4 parts of the tree so what are you
adding would read a letter could I just
say I'm supposed to walk in the truth
the apple doesn't fall too far from tree
that's it took you that long to peel out
some of the rhymes Yahoo was good yo hey
guys so meat blemish Wagga City we're
having like a little mini argument about
the basketball game the NBA Finals that
argument you lost so all over the app
we're going to say what I'm saying is
the Warriors are going to take in this
year and won the championship and
they're saying that they have are going
to take it but swaggity is from the
Barry from San Francisco he's from what
the team Warriors a certain genes do not
you know I respect you have the water
okay
just cuz you're from somewhere doesn't
mean you got to support it
you remember that what you see not
aligned it for you and I can 100 anyone
okay how they doing on my arm
what but what because you know it's like
water sometimes it doesn't flow
Am I I don't know about that
Tobin Lake down haha with a hurt a long
time it was a long time it do me gigs so
I came in cluster and I found this place
in Chicago that has a freaking TV this
big so we can watch the game I know a
lot of you guys probably don't watch
basketball because I know some of you
guys are from Europe watch a lot of
soccer I promise you your day my
promising for this game is going to be
insane we're breaking that fast right
now so it's going to be really really
fun watching the game because we got
warriors and we got the calves right
here and we have who you going for we're
going Cosmo that sums up where she's up
Rome come on will you go for class wrong
let's just say Cavaliers travel you say
we go oh yes boy we just Warriors here
for your for all caps which goes missing
and was I white how to become it just
came right now yeah let's just waking up
in like you're coming she tangled forgot
my and you come bring it is that this
thing I'm doing nothing nothing like it
hey always get aboard
I love how the screamer is like
screaming his name imagine being like I
just seems like and give it a little
bronzing give it up a Kyrie area then
and give it off now for Kevin let's go
on and what they got some for boy dream
agree on a matter again wink wink
nervous new players in and oh yes we're
gonna make the birth would be perfect
everybody said oh my god
bling is gonna be busting liquid ass
defenceless his be less is insane
me they got lucky
Wow oh let's go baby let's go sit down
what's her like she's very very sick you
live it Tori's kind of take this over
nobody's over from pain everyone is
above husband heat him and a little bit
of me oh you thought you so lucky hated
so lucky
please Veronica cross over Oh oh my god
oh my god he got bounced over I've never
seen in my life LeBron forgot cross over
he fell on the floor was like a boxer
fighting oh my god was like before not
though he fell can't get you you got it
he got crossover every time I record a
record more guys that's the way every
time but on the camera
LeBron scores every time I don't he
doesn't score like um I can that lock
for the Warriors could win I'm gonna try
to do that and guys the Warriors
but guys boys what let's go baby
to Jesus Jesus goodbye Nana Nana Nana
method I'd be shorter plate was good
even three how's the fight good it was
good yeah we were just watching NBA
Finals three-hour flight and and who won
and the way we had a bigger moms like
for you things like it I like that I
like Diddy but right now we just
literally met up and I'm a guys already
came with like all the plans yeah I'm
gonna be dope okay
I'm it was up house Morocco bro rock was
cool with girl ona was either African
just a little bit easy for sound like no
kept saying phase II don't know that's
gonna be you would seem our to get out
the way that means like leaving me like
your smiles most my life
I say it's crazy sorry I'm gonna put
these up Sunday hello you know what I'm
gonna be fast and so I know that you got
an excuse but you know I'm still gonna
get that double double etc gene down
double double how many points each other
I'm gonna go for like 45 probably come
out with like five why do how many times
why she didn't care no money
I don't care of over a total I'd rather
have a voice core position is give it up
there just met today and we have to like
you know have to like take flashes Kukai
told me we hit four go ahead well I'm
working up a thing is like it isn't
right now does it
we came from bike the bikes are you in
Saudi if you just calm down okay he
meeting everything was that sounds like
guys having a meeting topic you you
meeting a passport still have to taco
originally we're going to get that one
now 40-minute drive right now thank you
so tomorrow in traffic is the monitoring
traffic is going to be like
hour-and-a-half drive so we have to
leave earlier so we lose at 10:00 we get
there by 11:00 I can yeah yes I'm your
game are you don't bang on my door
particularly if we need that 12 I always
want to keep you never going to wake up
what you guys didn't know all right guys
we just got to the hotel I am finally
finally can you go to sleep I hope you
all enjoy this wife you did make sure
you get a thumbs up and go Turkey let me
know in the comments below if I should
do like a little mini prank like I want
to do like little mini Ramadan pranks
like a public one a date one I did this
a couple years ago like a day prank
after will do you want to date they'll
be like what the heck then I'll pull out
like the fruit the date because during
Ramadan we literally have ethos for if
not almost every single day I ate at
almost every single day some people
don't and I'm thinking about bringing it
back just for a mini one like a mini
don't want in Chicago here so let me
know in the comments below by the way
we're so so close to three million I
seriously think we can do it by June 4th
which is on my birthday we can reach
three million subscribers I seriously
seriously have faith in you guys so do
me gang I know you guys guys I know you
guys got in shuttle so thank you guys so
much I will see you guys tomorrow
I love you
out Thanks
