really wanted your number and even
invite you to the show tomorrow yeah you
can have the head over hey guys what's
up a doobie gang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day we are here in Toronto we are
at this amazing amazing hotel show you
guys our view I showed you guys
yesterday I'm gonna show you guys once
again it's right here look at this
and this is literally the roof of our
hotel we're not allowed to go there I
really really want to go and like see
what's down there I don't know I'm so
tempted guys another all right guys
we're literally we're at the roof right
now I want to go to the edge and see
what the heck yeah we're going to see
how is we get caught we're going to get
a big trouble by the way we're with the
homie nipple right hey what's up what's
up man Nick yo be careful this is kind
of stopped growing yeah I'm gonna fall I
know it's gonna break you're gonna fall
into the oh look at this
boy yeah that's all this is no cure one
was actually kind of scared holy shit oh
and G take picture me please
swig okay look yeah thank you
what does three guys this is beautiful
your area is that what's that club
that's the boys on - no no what right
that's enough
oh it sounds it what's this other thing
puppy kisses yo why are you walking here
bro I said it's gonna break what your
god beautiful is you can just show up
like on top of a roof and you won't get
like that much in trouble even if they
catch me they'll just be like it you'll
be good you guys are way too nice dude
seriously so so nice you guys need to
toughen up man something up like us New
Yorkers I'm just joking stay nice
because I'm not nice to be nice yo hi
guys we're heading to go eat some desi -
because I'm craving some Daisy food
we're heading to Mississauga Mississauga
right chill bro mutton Robin
we share a bro I need my space man one
sledge love the shit
then what lady you do see cross of this
Malaysia too old for this shit really
that one
I'm just moving
hi guys I was just doing an Instagram
live and the homie nipple right here the
reason why exam his nipples because when
we met him his name is Emil and the way
he said in the bill was close to nipple
and I mean it was just like I don't know
it just seems like a nipple like he
seems like you'll be on top of the
nipple just like turn it up that's it I
said weird is friggin image in my head I
see it well you let a crossing character
that lives in a little except I said is
he alive if someone photoshopped a
picture of him on top of my nipple he's
gonna make his profile picture on
Twitter so you're gonna do that
yeah all the others person able to do it
I got like 10 different entries here
this was in like 5 minutes
I was like no there we go y'all good yes
you know I'm gonna do this I'll tweet it
out New Groove all young time oh man
Cerrano got so much traffic it was like
an hour drive snips if this place is not
as good onto the first time here so
crazy is that's really got I just read
some really good reason why this place
better be good we had an hour drive
about adjourn your home and it better
taste like gold man hi guys nobody to go
feet right now but before we go eat I
would make nipple do a lot of awkward
stuff for you because whatever he does
is so so funny he's inside right now
episode
how funny is libel not actually funnier
whatever he does it's a stupid shit
maybe the really really shy guy I'll
phenomena go inside the restaurant and
I'm gonna tell him that I have a crush
on the waitress and I want him to give
me her number
ought to give her my number well see how
it has a moustache Oklahoma's so so far
this place is good because the lady is
key
yeah loser we're ganna Merson why and
help me out then I'm not doing that
please fuck me also recently that's
weird
so we're never taking on a man huh you
really are doing many what language do
you speak and go sorry bro
let's hold up like our up because like
he's mumble that you know I can whine
I'm shy okay
you shine what a boo-boo
what come on of you that simple have to
give me your number I can help me Mommy
I'm a shy dude just make it please I
loved bro out of my love you please but
I can't do this right now I hope you're
happy
hey just go to intel's like Adam like to
a lot and she just wants your number now
I'm standing you're becoming known
clumpy we might want us I know who you
are
well he knows how to decide you know
amenable said you go do it therefore he
said you met Bo Eun American plan with
your the Heian fish come some okay
perfect hey you know who you I thought
what could mid-city is terrible we don't
want it I'm not good this is why I said
I'm not good as well I said I'm a loser
that's it that's how you get a gold
digger you gotta figure a loyal wife in
road by other than hey hey girl what
time you shifted in fcd huh bro cool do
it I'll do the best that I can come what
if a girl what kind of shipper see how
that I don't know how about my boy here
really things are really cute so if you
can swing your number to him I'm pretty
sure to appreciate that
and then we shake your hand again I love
you neva I love you I'm dolly lovely
we have the appetizers here hi guys
we're eating the appetizers right now no
mind a lot it tastes really really good
I love these people take amazing Oh nips
you get a pass it came through if you go
to pass it but still because at the end
of this meal you're going to give me the
number or now I'm gonna go get coffee
from one to ten I'm still not confident
nope I'm doing it for you so yeah next
look look at the German level doing
looks great by to the camera
yeah look at them and I know look at me
now get me okay be confident
you're you heck you're an amazing guy
you have an amazing personality together
man be confident okay good so today you
can help me out
to pieces couple minutes I love that
mother like that
you suspect humph I used to this idea
you know we had a wish I do I want to do
but you to come now I'm going a are I
say then I say ritual okay it's quite
hard to come this short walk to manage
to do that outside remember me they were
going together
fucking thank you what are you doing
tomorrow
okay come to our show we're a bunch of
you TV so we're doing it so actually
your title come really wanted your
number and you're gonna wait to see the
show tomorrow
yeah yeah
oh do this oh yeah Jim did with the
front burner phones
yeah I don't know I told you from the
jump I don't from the get-go I'm not
gonna dislike this is the man I was
dying laughter I don't know I was just
so so funny and I couldn't hold my laugh
and the goal was like why are you
laughing for
what's wrong I'm like nothing of it so
why are you laughing I don't know I
don't
all right what's that oh yeah yeah like
energy I'm done
where's the morning run you know it's
right there oh there I can you know go
kill a beautiful wheeze knowing what I
know none of us even though
hi guys i did not get ice cap but i got
a creamy chill something chocolate i
don't know but it's really really good
canada I love you guys like some
hardened is this seriously so I like it
came out of court decent move feel like
I sick I'm and it's hard to you know
assuming you the cop who will we make a
day to go separate ways okay fucking all
day
killing all night here in a hard way
keep egging up and three girls cry yeah
that's what they all say I'm about to go
missus taking out I got myself in this
position
always got an attitude never showing
gratitude always want to talk but she
never want to listen
oh hey i'ma do my way gonna school came
and hit the highway now missus look
buddy I can call my way I just hear my
new deck they're all my way
