what's your name watchin here though he
says name what's your name
hey guys what's up for dooming Hank I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having a not so amazing it
so if I'm having a not so amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day so right now I'm going to go
get Hamza Hilah and Jamal I don't know
if you guys remember but a couple days
ago on the vlog I told you guys I want
to say something really really important
and it happened again today in Hamza and
Hayley at school basically there's
someone that keeps pretending to be like
Hamza and Highland Gemma's family and
they keep going to school and trying to
pick them up and it happened again today
and the person just keeps like leaving
and running away we don't know who that
person is we don't know if it's a fan we
don't know if it's someone trying to do
something which is the scariest thing
ever so I'm going to go pick up Hamza
Hilah and Japan I'm going to talk to you
guys about it then after that we could
continue on with our daily Ramadan vlogs
update for what's up with Duma gank so I
just met up with Hamza and Jim and
Hayley is not here she doesn't want to
be around with any camera or nothing
like that she just want to speak about
this issue because she's really
traumatized and really really scared so
I'm here to talk to you guys about what
happened today and also what happened
around last week and two weeks ago
because this is around the third time it
happened I've been doing daily vlogs
like three four years and obviously
people find out sometimes where we're at
like where's our hotels or where we're
staying at from a snapchat or where
somewhere we're going to be at we don't
mind it we completely don't mind it
because all of us in that assembly were
super nice and we love love meeting you
guys basically some people know what's
cool Hamza goes some people know what's
cool Jim as goes to and I have no clue
who a couple weeks ago someone called
the school jemelle school first was Jim
at school they called Jim at school and
they pretended that they were going to
go and pick up jamak jamak is 8 years
old he's 8 years old he still he still a
freaking baby so someone basically
called the school they like saying that
his parents are leaving the country and
they're going to go pick him up from
school and j-man went to go see and he
had no clue who the person was and he
knows that his parents are not leaving
the country so he did the right thing he
went back straight to school and told
them that that's not the right person
this person is trying to kidnap him
which is illegal the week after the
incident happening with your man that
happened to hamza and hey
I'm going to let hammers explain what
happened that day last week with each
other so the whole mouthful but visibly
on the needle so I'm standing in changes
but you know a the principle with the
ones that work was there's an office yes
suppose it hated that here is a yeah why
my dimensions of your calls itself the
paper daily hello
yeah I'm at the park of waiting come
aside it is it now my all so let me at
the price come we had to fight that a
you know a later probably the bailiffs
told me edge of the whole box appears
come along the coast yeah so highly cold
I was really scared like imagine
someone's because aren't like on do pick
up Tyler and when someone call senator
Hilah kind of believed it and Haley was
going to go out but then after that she
was like kind of confused because
usually her mom texture or caused her so
Hilah calls her mom and her mom says no
do not go and then her mom which is my
sister she completely freaks out and
goes and things and my sister tells me
about it and I literally go insane like
I went so insane that I didn't even want
to I didn't feel like vlogging that day
I was so so angry because someone who
wants to do that to my family I don't
know what they want from my family but
anyone who wants to do that like like as
it's Ramadan right now other you want to
say anything like I didn't want to
mention it in vlogs but I feel like
today I had to mention it because the
same thing happened again today with
Hamza and Highland and today what
happened the same exact thing happened
we spoke to high level phones and
Highlander is telling Hamza and hams and
are getting angry and telling me about
it and my whole family knows about it so
generally I'm not that face right I know
a lot of people school typically happen
to me
people of this bothers me so much
because why would anyone do something
like that especially to little kids for
the fact that they're trying to do it
for eight year old 12 year old 11 year
old is literally insane but I just want
to say one thing to the person who's
trying to do this just know that the
whole school his school and his school
are dealing with it so if the person was
watching this and trying to come I don't
know if it's a fan I don't know if it's
someone trying to do anything I don't
know if you're still trying to do it
please do not because you're just going
to make yourself into big big trouble I
want to my family and I so just enjoy it
I move on and have fun and I want them
to go to school without any like
pressure or being scared or anything
like that so I really hope you guys
understand anyone who is calling the
school even if you guys are fans or real
ones do not please do not do not call
their school because it's going to
connect with the other person who
actually came physically came and it
won't be good news because the cops and
the whole school are literally on
lookout for them and whenever they leave
school now it's like a whole security
team thank you guys so much and now we
can continue with the vlogs I do not
know what Haley is going to want to come
back to vlog seriously breaks my heart
because highlights so innocent and I
really hope they can they can fix up so
thank you guys so much and yeah let's
continue on with our day in Central Park
alright guys so we're taking a walk in
Central Park I want to go get Jamel and
the homie Hamza kind of sucks for hamza
because he has to go to school for the
morning so three o'clock and he still
has to fast to like 8:30 which is
literally enough it would be like
watching people in front of me and i'm
going to be talking about Brittany that
did it that's great it's all good man
it's all right
God you know put people that he loves
you know in good positions anyways we
have like two hours to eat and then
later I'm going to go see slim I have
not seen slim for so so long because he
was in California celebrating the
graduation of Sophia Sophia
congratulations for graduating what
babban oh how about me
Bobby showed you the silly string mint
you broke your pack you didn't have to
do it so good you're eight years old
here fun you meant I was good so I'm
really really excited to see my best
friend slim today we're gonna see how it
goes and we go over you tonight and
after that we're gonna go to Chicago in
a couple days sneaker con who's better
real Madrid or who Juventus I don't
watch hockey idiot it's not soccer its
football you know football soccer I
don't the next nine yeah oh damn gym has
do you wanna roast NAS or something I do
me yeah yesterday you guys got eleven
thousand thumbs up in one hour and today
you guys got 13,000 thumbs up in one
hour let's see if you can even beat it
again today I don't know if we can but
you know what do me a
I think we can let's try to get forty K
this one hour for today's vlog so thank
you guys so much for a little support
I truly appreciate every single one you
guys you guys are seriously so amazing
thank you do me gang I just got home
there's like 20 to 30 minutes left first
I got a little shape up a little cut
because I have a bad habit of going to
the barbershop like every single week
but as I told you guys I always read
your stuff that you guys gave me
throughout the world tour that I had and
I know a lot of you guys have been
telling me to open up a peel box and I
had a few bucks open like literally
years ago and I want to open up another
peel box I'm going to wait until we all
move out and get our new house and then
I'm going to open the peel box but for
now let me show you guys what someone
gave me because this is literally insane
and it's so talented so thank you so
much
so whoever gave me this alright guys
like this this is a book a free thick
book it says the good life okay wow look
at this me my dad this is insane look at
this this takes so much work so much
time so much oh my god so much money
this is like really expensive good stuff
the next page right here hot me and soup
Foreman me up yeah you know the next
phase is me a guy
and these live was living I see you in a
few go to the next page me again B and
Amsterdam
me and Denmark are Oslo one of them mean
cold water I'm really good at knowing
where I was acting me and I'm Sweden
guys you guys want to know a fun fact
any picture that you guys show me even
if it's with you guys
I can automatically remember and know
where that was and when that was so it's
a good that's a good thing of mine that
I guess I have because usually have bad
habits going to a barbershop bad habits
of hookah but that's a good habit that I
have remembering while was that when I
was at and remembering you guys we got
some more means to buy me a long time
ago in DC this was when the Indonesia
Jakarta
what's up and this person right here she
is the one the only the one that did
this whole thing so thank you so much
guys if that isn't around five minutes
what now five minutes say five minutes
can I eat must in for a spot huh can I
eat him first on oh yo why my big I want
to eat him though no no no no a baby
he's my baby no my Mawson aid report
again this is your Instagram and lessons
Instagram Riemann must endure on their
Instagram right now and they're gonna be
following five people you're gonna
follow five people okay so this was
you're gonna do Rima other so cute
there's almost 5,000 comments this is
insane and literally like a couple hours
so you're gonna choose whatever you want
and then follow and then you can see you
don't want to follow no one Muslim does
the want to follow anyone really wants
to follow everyone but nama yes we have
to yeah whoever you want whoever you
want add into it
whoever you want what go ready okay stop
right there who is it
let's see all right click on it says I
love you which one was it I said I love
you be careful recipients I click Anacin
I love you EEMA and then
from the from East London and I said you
follow them what's your name
here the waiters name what's your name
no it's not what's your name no it's not
your name is marcin you follow them you
did mustn't say I love Adam I love ya
dude man
so energizing sit Lester what a dummy
jag I am with the homie slim enjoy they
say what happenin bro I haven't seen
them for so so long a little he has been
like I don't know house in like a week
yes me a little over week is my hey dude
he's cupcake yes cupcake was in college
that's which was sick so congratulations
Sophia thank you gradually to slim for
date and graduating his dropout she got
my degree we're also here at the homie
east of you must've seen him in those
live or not you are a mother like he
says this is his dressed out in a bad
thing not like what's the heck foot fits
right now next time what is a good night
you show me I think we need a difference
okay do me gang it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoyed this
life you did make sure you get a thumbs
up and go Turkey I am so so sorry that
this vlog has to be about that whole
issue by just want to say thank you so
so much once again for understanding and
just being supportive and loving I
appreciate every single one you guys I
really did want to mention it especially
during Ramadan and especially that we've
been having you know positive happy
vlogs but I promise the positive happy
vlogs will be back tomorrow do me Hank I
will see you guys tomorrow take care and
fish hello
