let's fire it up here I love you more
and of nobody like you you can have the
head a real number
hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you want to be having an
amazing happy cry-baby
I'm gonna call you cry-baby forever from
now on because during a shot they're in
a show he was the biggest crybaby guys
I'm here for only 30 minutes and I'm
heading to Canada so I came here to say
hi to muslin Rhema hams and tell them by
before I leave because I'm not going to
come back till two weeks I have to do
the other half of the USA tour are you
gonna miss me yeah I will miss you guys
sorry yeah great miss you soon again
like your room that's why I love you I
love you more I love nobody like you all
of those things I love you mobile I love
you so much I was like my dad saying
pole was like right he was like in the
army why are you always eating bro huh
why now is he also guys I got something
from the homie Kanye was to be producer
my man he gave me his newest CDs i'ma
show you guys later at the tour bus slim
always gets angry because I always get
the easy connect I would give him the
easy connect but they don't have his
side he's had to love it the guy Kanye
was beat producer he only has five nine
or nine and a half which is my side so I
guess I get lucky with them my fuse tool
okay I love you guys okay guys the only
reason why I came is to see them and for
you guys to see them soon
time to see you guys I I love you
yeah okay all right guys we just got
talked or but I'm not gonna lie I've
missed that tour bus because I miss the
better side and the game is about to
play we have a five six hour journey
Montreal tucum√°n show it's about to be
lit and then Toronto I'm sorry this
video variable volume turning on
something shit now the last time the
kids did I throw a video game freak once
we get to work I'm still happy he's a
really big gamer like he's really really
good I hate playing with him because he
always beats me and you always like
makes fun of me Adam I need to challenge
man I'm like I don't know
hi guys right now we're playing video
games were playing G + 17 these it is
and not are going at it
X's Arsenal and not Barcelona guys 1-0
is it is not you can make this comeback
bro
come on representing for the people of
space all been represented for the
people in London mate how's the heart
kick
Wow 2-0 man that's the thing that
sincere Oh muttering to rho0 how severe
yo let me get a roll of diamond thank
you Wow all right man you fought me
twice oh my god man
now I've got the sake Versace bathrobe
the finger roll Isaac Bobo look at this
Susan's sick we are in Albania right now
it's like three of you brothers huh
senemo you go let me show you these
guests about mine nah Michelle said what
you're not sure that's any what this
guy's just gonna pry this open there is
if I already know what it is this new
easy the white
Wow quite easy they fresh like on Oh
fresh like oh by the way it's beat not
four zero one four five six of em so
champ is here the room number is 420
take away the tools for you I always do
that cuz now I don't keep are you going
to crazy or d68 sorry I'm sorry sorry
about sorry sorry and those six times
right be us zero points if I even drew
one they all look at easy easy man these
are insane oMG in five I got the you
usually think about me though
how'd you get me some these but only on
either fantastic I did one with them
such a good - my easy little dizzy
kazumi gang we made it to montreal
montreal
oh my gosh you just spoke French oMG she
just fucked her all right guys we were
backstage we just got ready means I'm
about to go on stage in like ten minutes
I'm so so excited Montreal this is our
first time performing here and you guys
are looking beautiful oh my god you guys
what you got speak French literally is
insane who says that the way you speak
French is insane it's like it's cool
cute secateurs you wee wee ones you're
not that's when you say what you say is
not that good
Montreal solo means some about the end
show right now Topanga
you people are wild really that we read
as xu1 sure I love you out some one of
the online period so fun
hold off for me son because you never do
guys we just got done with me today Oh
surely I thought you was gonna do it
like that on your clothes make you look
shorter big liar but thank you guys so
much
okay whatever you're done everyone
what's up
thank you guys
fireball tonight Thank You Man I
appreciate it Jimmy gang I'm back at the
whole table and having a crazy tiring
week it's been getting to me now but
still having so much fun you guys are
amazing today in Montreal you guys are
seriously seriously souter so thank you
guys so so much now we're heading to
Toronto and if few hours that we have
the show in Toronto Friday the address
is right here so the guys want to come
through customs Runnels gonna be a crazy
crazy turn up then at that we have a
couple more cities in America and the
tour is done then once I get to New York
City I might be having a really really
big announcement it's not sure yet it's
not announcement of a project that I'm
doing it's something that might be
happening soon and do not know if it's
confirmed yet but hopefully we'll see
how it goes I don't really want it to be
confirmed but I don't really want to
talk about it much
I'll tell you guys more point out home
so we'll see how it goes other than that
I'm a wrap up the vlog here I just wanna
say thank you have so much always coming
through turn it up with me and slam and
just literally making creating memories
all of us seriously so fun and seeing
you guys every single you guys having so
much fun us it's so amazing literally we
haven't had one person saying wow I'm
going to have fun everyone have fun and
that's that's what me the most of little
insulin we rehearse work our butts off
just like to entertain you guys to make
you guys smile to make you guys laugh
and turn up at you guys and just you
know give you good amazing live
performance so thank you have so much
part of our lives let me see you guys
tomorrow do me and you guys did enjoy
this leg make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey by the way I have this
dope Justin Bieber hoodie that someone
what do you guys get really good we see
it like it fits eight and six so thank
you guys for that I'm gonna see you guys
tomorrow
take care yeah I like okay fucking all
day killing more not here in the hallway
keep begging me you'll cry yeah that's
what they all say
I'm about to go missus taking out I got
myself in this position always got an
attitude another showing gratitude
always want to talk but you never want
to listen
oh hey I'm going to of highways gonna
school games and hit the highway
now look buddy I can crawl my way I'm on
my way
