hey y'all that's where I don't gonna
kill you in my face here clear what
could be
hey guys that's a photo my gang I hope
you all are there waving that if I'm
having wedding day
you could have an interesting happy day
so today is the second day of Ramadan
and me and Watson are fasting like my
sense yeah he'll guys I'll see on the
next Shaq you know happy birthday
laughing beside your birthday yes it is
your birthday your birthday was
yesterday
happy birthday dinner yes it is Deena
you're fine now in your day y'all
telling like me
you all heard that could be fine so have
you ready Deena - jamele is first year
fasting you got Emma number four behind
her - here back no do me yank you guys
got today's like 10000 sums up over
10,000 thumbs up in less than one hour
you guys are seriously so so amazing
thank you guys so so much let's see if
you can do everyday 10,000 thumbs up in
less than an hour so Ramadan challenge
see you guys say hi guys we're outside
me Mustin eight three months comes out
in the front we're hanging out with the
kids because they keep telling us you
want to go outside and hang up so we
decided to go outside and hang out ready
have fun mom three or four days I'm
gonna be a teenager what is your
birthday - suck it
oh yeah how's it worth it ha ha I'll be
13 no way how long is gonna try to keep
you down
well fine we'll play some ball I'm sorry
guys we go to the park and I haven't
have a guy to sneak out and eat like
macaroni and cheese and food and come
back and pretend he's so fast I'm like
oh my god Wow guys I'm hungry man
honey what about the day in the bathroom
because I did it all because I got to
make sure my little nephew doesn't go
out and see what's up man I was gone oh
good
hi guys we just got to my favorite part
Central Park this is my favorite Park in
the world I always come here then I'm
allowed to chill so muffin right his bat
and his baseball and in the park the
reason why I love Central Park is
because we find random random things so
we found this random pinata on top of a
tree a random pinata top of the tree we
haven't touched it we don't know this
candy we don't know if there's anything
in here we don't know who's with it
candy good well let me break it I can't
right now don't bring it on
nah I'm hungry I'm so so hungry for like
breaking it and seeing candy I'll end up
being like real hungry eating it but
muffin and Rima they're not fasting so
why aren't you talking Rima I am testing
I'm elevating a rubric that means you're
not pressing yes yes doesn't matter for
you a little bit of luck this muffin and
Reem are not fasting we're going to make
them hit the pinata and you're working
inside imagine like a human being
because I looked a little open someone
here someone's recording us in a
freaking us I don't know I don't know if
it looks Dover's help me out of you're
going to do it yes ready
we got my love when two kids yo what's
up man how's it going
he's well so we found this pinata and
we're going to see what this time he
found it with us what's up all right so
who's gonna all right that one off the
head of first ah I must go
oh yeah let's go oh good my guess is
this thing it's all about Central Park
but I was so random imagine the real
party people like whoever had that
sunyata like they're around they want to
go hear something they come and they see
like oh they keep i'ma leave right now
so I don't know what's gonna happen so
I'm out Rima let's leave okay
we're not going to keep it what do you I
feel so bad oh my god maybe someone just
kept it at like I don't know let me just
keep it for the next person to be there
and that happens to be us in the vlog
which is insane but I don't know I
thought though the people are coming
over there I thought I was theirs but it
wasn't and they thought that's ours so
the whole time they think that's ours hi
guys we're finally home if that is like
in 20 to 30 minutes having did lot today
was amazing amazing amazing day too so
far it's going great Hamlet even those
long I feel like a lot like like he
makes it easier for us even to the
people that are like out there in Sweden
London to eat like 9 10 o'clock I really
hope you guys can you know sit through
stay strong and just enjoy it and enjoy
the time with the family I bought this
thing from Party City
this right here it's like a little like
a scary a whole scary outfit and
everything I got it size medium but I
put it on and it's not medium this
thing's like a freaking extra small it
ripped up literally look okay I do mean
gang so me and house I went out and
bought some bugs some real bug through
the animal storm we got worms
real cricket so it's prank week and
before Adam gonna prank us we get a
prank camp first and today spot we got
some sandwiches so you guys you guys get
to know what's gonna happen we're gonna
put all of this decided sounds way to
happen this has come for me but this is
the quickest over your personal okay and
this is the warmth oh my god well let's
mark mark why scared they dead already
yeah it's nasty you're not passing
remember come and try it you get her one
this one you adieu me can you breast and
washes look I'm thinking Matt Seeber
gonna prank me next
Oh smoke the oil I've already imagined
was both on it oh yeah
no I swear I don't gonna kill you right
here
this feels nice
okay yo the sound look good but what
these on it looks nasty now and I'm not
going am I I'm sorry other house I'm
keeping it nobody will take now listen
and whistle hey I'm sorry I got a
situation
this is not gonna show don't worry you
can be wrapped up Adam yeah let's start
is ready
I'm sorry I'm sorry now a creeper go
don't break me is it Hamzah's idea Adam
even on it what well wrong eat it with
it right
it's a fart I'm allowed to dig in you
guys I think yeah let's do it buddy
oh we do it is done but sticking them
guys it's f that time we're about to dig
in you guys ready yeah let's do it buddy
Muhsin what are you doing huh
oh I could what could be my Musa was the
bed look please buy the biggest need a
ball hey I told you gonna study much we
must mind you good thank you good as it
is
huh that's it
let's go read like another know who did
it Bo not bad jump hey hey whoa you got
dragged but the real good is the fake
real isn't it a movement ha ha oh you
don't know I followed it but pray don't
throw like that come on I hate it
can I hit out a key freakin what is it
hello energy look worms cooking which I
believe me happy
happy Thursday don't you oh yeah well I
swallow twice
I don't do a couple of Nineveh I just
say not very suppose I thought about you
she goes nephew suction it bro but he's
look like we got you bro oh my god we
got you alright honey why you freaking
roaches a cricket near my tummy tie me
to cut orogeny we had a nice talk on it
it's nice nice GRD knows where thanks
about the speaking cricket decider
apple worms kurama's very wrong where's
my worm inside let me know oh there is
love oh it was
I met I'm a row of worms no no no does
it be I cooked lava I eat it got
swallowed a freaking cricket
thrown up not on a church
yo chill throw up yeah angry believe me
believe me what I cooked a quick ever
rabbit rabbit his last memory from
Emerson was before the quickest Helios
11 baby rather that is otherwise I'm
afraid you really think I'll get you
let's go relax relax okay so you may be
older than that you better not praying
around playing arena haha but you
should've told me nothing follow follow
suit musta matter because I because my
hate is nice nothing wrong okay guy tell
me anymore
okay so guys I hope you all liked this
video thumbs up and go cookie and peace
and I'll just you hey guys to make my
mom that's Airbus Matteo
hee-hee I'm a flat
