you're not Batman you're spider-man and
no no you're spider-man none are you
spider-man
no you're spider-man you can have
that'll be on my hey guys what's up it
do me gang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy then we are heading to our DC show
right now it's about to get crazy means
something to DC like 10 times and we
never ever performed here and this is
the time well performing in DC I love I
love achieving goal so thank you guys so
much
DC I may come you guys in right now Hemi
Oh take a look oh hey backstage bc i
never seen before
hey ready
this is how we warm up a doobie gang BC
we
Oh got something okay all together now
guys with the home eat ice cream on you
know what up he's in deep sea boat I
appreciate a man thank you so much
feeling this folks he's going to wedding
to that ever do it again but you know
how to stop by oh man I'll actually
watch you dance on stage so that I can
get my moves ready now you don't feel
good hey guys without a thought of the
kingdom integration here with Sara Lee
Marvin umma Mona what's up I got don't
guys anything you're loving oh yeah come
on really publishers yeah Hariyama and
my mom my dad and my sister for helping
with what's up dude
oh this is so exciting so make it your
own behind you gotta and I always really
I'm sorry
big shout out to Tammy forgive me VIP
ticket is and I want to I hope you come
back to the DMV those were years of oil
yeah we're Scottish guys here guys out
here lover boy but told like it always
has the night for tomorrow please
everybody be seated all that was alright
I want to shout out to Iran for giving
me the tickets for my birthday like old
man and charged to my school friends
with your hammer accountable no guys I'm
here with an iron she can do a silly
face like you ready Devon oh my god
I'm with Sally she's looking fresh
they're gonna pink old black out baby
second sake the Morocco drivers I love
you more thank you so much get out
there's gonna be a slow swim get the
rest away
you know the freshman from Iowa City
shot I would agree shout out let it go
son tripod because I would have never
been shared if my hammock got me a steak
you shout out there Thank You Aussie
come over to eat I believe the words
really they can't control you another
night anybody try to believe you come at
andover back to my eye so I'm gonna come
down already not nowhere
Oh Adam come and spoil your Adamek only
sign comes PDC young you are the nicest
people I've ever known in my whole arm
guys look who came to our show what's
the hell sombre talking said Donna's off
camera what I was okay what up man my
man I do wrong after my children all
right Dave please hi
love with inspection hole she's left
though listen here guys
how I know every lawn hobby since that
fight is live in this place this is Adam
biggest singing fatigue over Robins
getting rub those kids and he wipe them
away
hey I know you'll bear ok that's where
use today in keeping meeting it feels
like hell that cannot hear me you got me
daddy with the best
yeah I've been waiting a fraternal I
believe in which is really really so
good I myself I got good yeah there she
both like yeah back again we're here
with Noel Neill right yes Anissa
birthday yeah happy birthday
algae no no not nine nice and you guys
are brothers you good brother
like Gina get some ticket and I sibling
go hey Rima I just have one question
assuming egg we just got to New York
City from our city today is going to be
a big big day we are performing in my
city I haven't performed here for like
two years so I'm so so excited the whole
Adams family is going to be here mustin
first time ever performance is going to
be today while you guys are watching I'm
here taking a stroll for 1020 minutes
show so I'm taking these to London
homies over here on a stroll in New York
City because mod city not like the best
New York City tour guide here what you
guys doing
Adam c'mere initial dollars and it's
infallible huh I know how was our I
don't know I maybe did it we always
promised Lauren she's amazed with the
registers day I see this all the time
like you know what you're right there's
your city
this is how you know they're not New
Yorkers there are too scared to cross
the street I cross it you're going to
Florida City
Party City yeah what you want to party
city awesome no no okay I'm gonna get
you bad man relax already messed it what
about you every month let's go
Rima which one you want Oh what about
you my son what do you want you want
Gekko
yeah sure okay I guess I'm yeah we
finally new home right now we got maxint
spider-man and we got Emma what's that
Emma chapter sharp Caen you like it yeah
you're hardly funny sighs another
shopkin mission you had fun like how
many toys candy and minion Amiga minions
what do you want spider-man
say hi spider-man hanging everybody
cellula he had the cute it wasn't my
baby do ba I am home which means we are
getting ready for the New York City show
a day to remember my son what's up man
Sally hey are you ready for today
wow you sure what you're gonna kill it
in New York yeah what are you gonna do
dad
you're not Batman you're spider-man no
no you spider-man
none of you spider-man no you're
spider-man this dude thinks he's Batman
oh okay mister the guy who thinks he's
Batman please actually spider-man yellow
meeting Oh spider-man chill miss Oh
spider-man chill man I was guiding
spider-man's guys a box
Wow
you can hit your uncle ah ah all right
man Thank You spider-man the digit
detected Oh males wrong with you homie
yeah man this new punch is hard to chill
then jump over like uh-oh
yo this ooh got my hand bro what's up
come on let's go okay okay he the future
but okay okay
oh oh okay I seriously do not know where
he gets it from hi guys I'm just doing
this to end the vlog so imma end the
vlog while my son is beating me up so
you guys are ready for tomorrow's show
give it a thumbs up and do me again
let's do it baby let's reach how much
you in reach 25,000 thumbs up if you
guys are ready to see the new york city
show if this reaches 25,000 comes up I
will record my son is hitting high I'll
record Mustangs been in the show I'll
record rhemas be in the show Halley's
bit happens as bit Jim as bit and I'll
show you guys in tomorrow's like so $25
thumbs up and you guys will see it
lesson I'll see you guys tomorrow
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care
chill out man and peace near a city show
it's about to get lit Adams family
without man what's that oh I'm in Oh
what in all day killing more night here
in the hallway husbands me your cry yeah
that's what they all say I'm
