a demotion here yes away
hey guys what's up for doing the gang I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day do me gig
what's up I'm wearing the Dubai flag on
my head I'm up peanut head that I shaved
and it is growing back trying to have a
different look and I'm trying to grow up
my whole hair so it's gonna take me a
few months for that but I feel like I
don't know I feel like I need a little
change you know what I'm saying I can't
be having the same hairstyle every
single freaking day man
but yes I'm wearing the Dubai flag
because Dubai won the World Cup in horse
racing today congratulations to divine
you know what I'm saying more words for
your head top so much rice to go on I'm
also wearing money kicks brand ka1
king's ambition you already know it's a
beautiful day outside seriously the Sun
makes me so so happy so if you guys are
feeling good today if you guys are
feeling happy make sure you guys give
this black a thumbs up and if you're
feeling even better make sure you guys
subscribe somewhere around here I'm
almost at 4 million subscribers that do
me gang 4 mils to make sure you guys
subscribe some of the Adams family
members are outside right now playing
I've been thinking about doing a new
intro as I told you guys I want to do a
dope like full house kind of intro like
a dope like it really dope intro but the
thing is I want my dad to be in this
intro so hopefully she'll LA
real soon when he comes back home and
his back and healthy and happy I want
him to be in this intro he is still in
critical condition to me but the good
amazing news is that he woke up but
still do me and he's still in really bad
condition so please still keep him in
your prayers I appreciate every single
one of you guys for always keeping him
in your prayers go outside let's go see
what the Adam family's doing come on
gonna what y'all doing man I playing
basketball I'm so is pop oh wait hold up
hold up hello why are you wearing a
shirt that says wallah she's my who are
you talking to huh
your food your food is a girl what I
can't with this dude she's mad but a do
big egg it's a beautiful sunny day
outside the sun is shining I don't know
I've been here for the longest but we
have to take turns with Adam who has to
go to the hospital cuz he stays there
overnight or we stay there the whole
morning yes the dumi gang we're all
taking turns by staying in the hospital
I stay literally overnight for like 10
to 12 hours then my sister takes her
time my mom so we all make sure that
someone is always next to my dad without
us being tired either so we're making
sure everything's good to do me game
and he did see yesterday's one I got a
you let me see yeah I didn't see
yesterday's vlog man he got a sick sick
haircut for the first time ever was his
biggest fear now he got the swag doubt
haircut let's go see your jump shot come
on Steph Curry come on come on curry
with the shot curry with the curry with
the shot we got getting out of here
what's up Jamel a calm down chew it do
me gang if you guys do not know I did
not go to San Francisco for a sneaker
con I was so so excited because this
game was gonna be an amazing game this
was gonna be my first game where I was
gonna play super super hard because of
the whole basketball competition that
Austin is doing but it seems like he's
gonna be playing rice gum which is gonna
be a pretty dope game and I'm looking
forward to it but still man I wanted to
have a fun like me slim about to do like
a competition because slim was gonna be
on the other team but I was gonna go
super hard for you guys to do me yeah
it's all good I'm here with my dad with
the family and I won't be traveling til
anytime soon I am traveling yes I am
another jump shot come on hey what this
dude just said he wants me to like him
in my uber eats I'm out oh my G it's
finally starting to get warm so do me
gang we're gonna be getting the official
basketball court here it's ready here
but we just haven't like built it and
put it there right now he's using a
little mini one but in like a few days
or like next week we're gonna be doing
the big one you're gonna see some sick
basketball videos guys this is the
basketball court that I gotta fix it's
gonna take so so long but it's all good
the hood is gonna be good you guys ready
we're gonna have some crazy basketball
games yes how does it are you serious
wait what are you doing bro oh my god
seriously I'm gonna have zero apps given
man what's up what you money you got the
whole car in you don't have oh my god
mean this right here mean this right
here what and Yemen yeah already no
Yemen represented it supposedly there's
like a rainbow here but like I don't see
it much in I don't know it was a rainbow
man where's the rainbow if you look
closely there's a rainbow here's a color
it is yeah it's like red white and blue
like okay do me gang so today I'm gonna
be reacting to a video from a channel
called before they were famous if you
guys do not know there's a channel with
over two million subscribers called
before they were famous
they pretty much explain you know about
people about celebrities about youtubers
who before they were famous and
apparently today they didn't want on me
and I've seen a lot of your tweets I'm
always on Twitter creeping on tweets and
a lot of you guys were saying that the
stuff that they were saying was wrong
about me and I don't even blame them
because there's always wrong info online
about me so today I'm gonna be watching
it reacting to it and fixing up all the
mistakes that they do and letting you
guys know the truth so I'm without
further ado let's get started
featured in Ellen's dance their
competition after his dance video
reached four million views okay
Oh landing work as an actor in the 2015
film America Sharia before reaching over
400,000 followers on Twitter and
becoming a worldwide trending topic
after he got kicked off a Delta flight
we spoke a different language on the
plane and now we're getting kicked out
now we're gonna kicked out we're gonna
be stars and it seems like there's
nothing that kid can't do he went from
controversial pranks to family-friendly
vlogs he was ready to jump into the
boxing ring against ksi by
simultaneously launching his hip-hop
career it's actually pretty strange that
thinking me this long to make this video
I mean I documented Fuji 2 but Roman
Atwood way back in 2016
I apologize for sleeping on Adams away
but here we are finally getting it done
it's all good man Michael get a man
thank you so much I don't know I feel
like I'm really underrated but it's all
good in the hood I love my gang I love
my do me games continue on watching this
video in the comments down below one
thing I want to say thank you guys for
always mentioning my name everywhere you
guys always mentioned me so nothing
would have ever happened without you
guys you guys literally mention my name
everywhere so thank you guys so so much
I appreciate you guys's continued now
let's get into this
a demotion here yes away from Judy Stan
and Stan's delay that's already wrong he
said my parents named Judy Stan and stat
what where did he get that from I could
have used me my dad's name is marcin
Sala and my mom's name you guys won't
ever know my mom's name but yes her name
is not Judy Stan so let's continue on
another thing I have three older sisters
one older brother and one younger
brother but he just showed my little
brother my little brothers never on my
vlogs he's gonna go insane when he sees
that oh my god I'm gonna report the
video and I'm gonna I'm gonna tell him
nothing report the video I got you I got
you brother
Deena hamsa Rima Jamal Paola Youssef and
motion photo on Instagram even feature
some of them in his YouTube videos I
mean there was that one time he got
pranked and he had lost his nephew oh my
that's nothing son that's leo
shout out to Lee oh man I lost want to
say a big happy birthday to Leo today's
his birthday I love you so much I do not
have no kids nothing at all I'm a single
person with no kids
I don't know how information like this
goes around I mean me and Adam Sandler's
name are pretty similar but a lot of
people get us mixed up we're not he's an
actor he's he's way beyond you know he's
a legend but yes I have no kids video
for Beckett 2016 when Adam informed his
audience about his son oh my god this is
an April Fool's pig
Oh oh my god yeah no I honestly don't
really know what's going on this has
been one of the tougher videos to write
you know
let's move on let's talk about his
childhood oh my the young kid out of
showcase that he had huge ambition he
would regularly tell his parents that he
was one day buy them a house
now to do this she would have to get to
work so 14 he got his first job as a
delivery boy
yes 12 hours I was the fastest delivery
boy was 80 to 90 dollars a day I don't
give every single penny to my mom and
then they would get so so happy I worked
as a delivery boy for about a year or
two then after a while I quit his family
didn't have a lot of money and his
father was already nearing the age of
retirement so young Adam would share his
earnings with his rather large family
that we sounds like the perfect kid but
Adam was up to no good in his spare time
he claimed that in an Instagram post at
14 he was getting in trouble almost
every day for fight you know this might
have something to do with the
difficulties he faced in school while
attending Central Park East High he was
constantly bullied by his classmates I
never went to Central Park East High
Google please change that man I went to
Manhattan Center for science and
mathematics that's the school that I
went to in Harlem Manhattan censer not
such a park is a completely different
school
he'd one friend who stopped talking to
him altogether after witnessing that his
mother wore a headscarf and speaking on
this matter out of stated people were
bullying me because I was Muslim at one
point I was even afraid to admit I was
Muslim always
making videos it motivated me and
started the bake be proud I must I was
only with Mimas Guney figured a way to
put his talents for brawling to some
good use okay he developed an interest
of boxing it was convinced that this was
his path to fame and fortune will know
despite his mother fearing for his
safety he signed up for classes and soon
enough he was competing in tournaments
feeding his first 13 contenders what
okay
don't see the note okay man that you
won't take your training out into the
streets when seventeen Adam found
himself in an altercation and due to his
boxing experience he was charged with
assault with a deadly weapon
yes though this put an end to his boxing
career and from there on out he was a
little lost he didn't know what he's
gonna do next but he was tight but the
guy still had huge aspirations he
decided to toy around on YouTube so
let's take a look back at some of his
videos from 2008 alright these videos
we're not on YouTube these were on my
tape I was not youtuber back then 2008 I
was just doing dumb videos on my ceiling
what about doing bro I would kill myself
man like I'm trying to throw myself off
the bridge don't ever what that oh my
god what was I thinking I'm an idiot
initially added we get a buzz off a
couple views in a single comment and
this inspired him to continue posting to
the platform I'll still do my title
dance dare competition and she
encouraged her fans to sneak up behind
people and dance behind them without
getting caught and then throw like this
so he got to work on his entry
that's that elapsed oh oh oh that's me
both Adam and Susie became finalists and
were invited onto the Ellen Show now I'm
not entirely sure if anyone was crowned
the official winner Malone abusive will
they earned the title of finalists and
they have that in common
and so much more they were also beefing
anyway yes at the time I mean Lucy were
beefing but it was just childish beef
but now he is my homey he's like my
older brother I'm like his little
brother we're actually doing a tour
together called Adam eats pussy tour so
make sure you guys get your tickets to
do me gang UK Australia Indonesia
Malaysia Singapore get your tickets
big boost across his various active
platforms he got back to work making
more videos and decided to use YouTube
as it means to spread a positive message
and about being Muslim one of his
earliest videos included one which he
prayed in public Wow as you put that is
really good
one of the reasons why I started doing
video is related to Islam you know me
being Muslim is because I went through a
lot of not telling anyone that I'm
Muslim all the only Muslim on school so
I didn't want anyone to know so when I
started YouTube I wanted to bring that I
wanted the world to know that I'm Muslim
and I'll keep on doing that fabric
because I just felt really guilty not
telling anyone in hiding so I wanted to
make sure that everyone knows and I
wanted to spread positive messages to
the world that Islam is peace and it
probably felt like high school all over
again criminal justice different school
BMCC and then this was my first ever
video and the blood channel which he
posted in May of 2013 all of a sudden
the video was getting shared by the
likes of Channing Tatum and Wiz Khalifa
yeah weird things progressing so quickly
out of decided to drop out of college to
focus solely on his YouTube career kids
do not drop out of college do not drop
out of school that was a really dumb
decision of mine to do but I'm the lad
did get lucky for it to be my full-time
job not just YouTube also so much other
things I'll handle I'm grateful and
blessed I'm thankful to be in this
position right now and I would it be
this position would I do be gang a new
story involving Delta Airlines
I'll start speaking to slim in Arabic
and this is where the issue I guess what
people had an issue and medium was
speaking Arabic there was this lady for
seats in front of us she looks back and
she says can you please speak English I
feel really uncomfortable and it means
slim were just shocked adam claimed that
he was first thrown off the plane for
speaking arabic this
in public outrage via Twitter and a ton
of hate was des in Delta Airlines
direction celebrities including Olivia
Wilde will they shared their disgust
Coakley came forward stating that Adam
was removed for disturbing the cabin
with provocative behavior including
shouting boom let me stop it here one of
the biggest BS misconceptions is the
whole Delta issue I will be telling my
fool everything little detail every
second of it when my movie documentary
comes out the one I told you guys about
we're like Trump supporters people who
are against Muslims went to Egypt and
explored the real Muslim world I
explained it in that movie documentary
but yes me Slim we did get kicked out of
the plane for speaking Arabic and it's
not like we spoke Arabic and they said
hey you gotta leave we spoke Arabic and
the lady felt really uncomfortable and
at the time there was like a big bomb in
Europe which I had no clue about and
then the lady that felt uncomfortable
her husband her man he got up he's like
I don't feel comfortable either
and then another lady got up then
another guy got up and then when the
captain came he seen literally ten
people on me and slim he didn't ask us
no questions he just do me getting my
other camera just died I have to get my
old camera Bazo seeing the captain of
delta of the flight he ended up kicking
me and slim out some of us to leave
he'll give us another fly didn't ask us
any questions didn't tell us what
happened he literally just told us to
leave and as you can see in the video
that I made when I said we're being
kicked out for speaking Arabic Delta
every customer in there did not say a
word they never said hey you guys was
shouting so then Delta like eight hours
later they finally came up with an
excuse because they found out that I've
done pranks and they use that against me
so then the whole meter turned on me and
literally I was filled with hate I would
be straight-up honest if I was loud if I
was screaming I wouldn't joke about
something like this imagine if it was my
mom in there you guys gonna kick the rod
no one would have knew nothing after
that they had many many many more issues
of them kicking people out even babies
but yes the dumi gang they kicked us out
for speaking Arabic and Delta fuck you
speaking about this decision he stated
some people may not have known me or
been fans of the social media stuff so
maybe do me game that was the video I
tried my best to clear out literally
everything in that video that was wrong
but yes that was it do me a few guys
enjoyed it make sure you give it a
thumbs up and let him know in that video
to come to this video because this is
the more real before they were famous so
do be gay Gavin you know what to do
thank you guys so much I appreciate you
singing when you guys thank you for the
little support you guys still always
show make sure you guys give us like a
thumbs up Tom are added I always give
this vlog it thumbs up always give every
flag a thumbs up cuz why not I put in my
effort and upload blocks for you guys so
maybe you guys can put an effort and a
thumbs up comment subscribe do me gang
I'll see you guys tomorrow
thank you guys so much for the love and
support I will keep you guys updated
with everything with my dad I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace I love
you I love you
