dumi gang I am indoors right now because
it's way way too cold outside and I also
heard it's like snowing and like a big
snowstorm in the UK so to everyone in
you okay stay warm I love you guys and
I'm probably gonna see you guys in a few
days right now I am forced to do an
indoor video I mean I really don't mind
because sometimes I love it when I talk
to you guys you know one-on-one you know
I'm see like no I feel like we're just
like on a date with each other across
the video part two three but it do me
getting I see in a lot of your comments
and Adi guys were telling me to react to
my old boxing videos that I had and I'm
talking about real old boxing videos
from like ten years ago when I was like
14 15 years old but the thing is I put
this in a vlog three years ago but in
that vlog it was 14 minutes long so I
don't really know if people went in
there and watched the boxing part maybe
some people did you don't shout out to
you guys rather than I love you guys but
at the time when I posted it no one
really knew anything about boxing like
YouTube no viewer no one really knew
much about boxing but these days the
trend is boxing and people know what
boxing is and everyone is a professional
boxer so I feel like it's the best time
for me to show you guys the sparring
matches that I had 10 11 years ago the
quality is not gonna be that great
because I didn't really used to carry a
camera it was my little brothers camera
it was like the crappiest camera ever I
whenever he's the train with me he's
always come and film my sparring matches
and I suppose that on myspace he be like
hey yo look at this with that oh my god
and another reason why I want to show
you guys this video because there's a
big meaning to it because it has
something to do with my little brother
if you guys do not know I have a little
brother his name is Yousef aka mace he's
never really shown in vlogs because he
doesn't want to show himself or anything
I mean yeah I respect his decision he's
my little brother I respect that but
what you guys do not know is that you
know I love him and he loves me you know
he's my brother and he told me something
that meant so much to me because he
always got my back matter of fact I
might tell you guys right now so I'm a
huge shot I don't know mother
even watching this right now if you are
Yusuf I love you I don't really give you
like a cute message unlike my videos and
I don't know cuz you're my brother and
it's kind of weird but you said Mase
seriously I love you so much man like
you your mom
I always vessel him like yeah I don't
understand I prank him so much but it's
just not on camera so everything that I
do on the vlogs I do it at him and like
in person so Yousef mace my little
brother told me if you fight kiss I I
don't give a damn I'm coming with you
I'm walking with you I don't even care
of this cameras around you're my older
brother and I remember the days when you
used to box I'll come with you and I'll
make sure you knock his butt out
those were exactly the words that he
told me and watching these videos of me
10 years ago and hearing his voice and
the background really reminded me like a
lot like in the connection that Minami
style I mean we still do have like an
amazing connection but this brought back
like memories like boxing memories he's
to always be by my side and he'll make
sure that I won he was one of the
biggest reasons why I was 13 I know why
I was undefeated so Yousef mace I love
you so much like I've dedicated to man
comes up few men everyone to do me any
thumbs up Yusef man if you guys want
more talks that I'm giving you guys
right now it's raining and I gotta give
you guys a real talk seriously Yusef I
love you so much that was dedicated to
you and I'm if I do get I still don't
know yeah if even if it's after I
promise you you're gonna walk out with
me there's gonna be cameras you gonna
look fly and I'm gonna take the W for
you but yeah so do me a gos react some
old ko King Adam let's do it
alright guys so I remember this day as
if it was yesterday I was around 14 15
years old my little brother was with me
recording I was punching the bag and you
can hear my little brother like
motivating me telling me to do all these
funny crazy moves you guys will get to
see more of my little brothers like
personality here so I'm because he has
an amazing amazing personality like he's
I love him so much so it's like I'm boss
oh my god I'm so small hostile and yeah
oh just okay okay okay oh okay
then I still likes Ponzi man ice to rot
that way from forced on g-man
I still rock you ate well and then hey I
had a track suit on
it's so big on - he kept telling me
faster I'm just waiting for my brother
say something
like that oh okay he told me that leg
that Michael Jackson thing I don't know
my birth is so weird
he's to want me to like dance with the
moves and throw punches you do this
Michael Jackson move with the legs and
punch and see be honest it motivated me
so much like it made me who I am because
in the ring I select mess around I feel
like you know be like I don't know I
used to be stupid but people loved it so
much and my little brother used to love
this so much and he know people around
me and everyone loved this so he kept
time you do it do it do it play on the
door I know it's not even a cool move
it's weird later let's see he's dead
how's it going buddy shut up what I
gotta see if I can still do that alright
guys so I never told you guys the
backstory of this sparring match that I
had so I'm the guy with the black shirt
I'm the guy in the middle he's the
trainer of the other kid that I'm
sparring and that trainer is really
worried for his person that he's
training because that person was talking
a lot of crap about me in the gym two
trainers like oh I can easily take him
on I want to spar with him like
literally it was like boxing beef inside
the boxing gym and I was waiting for
this day to happen so it finally
happened and also I kind of got in
trouble doing this because my trainer
was even with me only the people that
like worked at the gym were there
watching my trainer was even there with
me the other trainer he's the one that
set it up and he wasn't really supposed
to do that without my trainer being
there but I guess he was just so cocky
like cat's-eye imma he was really cocky
and I had to have to Humble him up a
little bit so I'm I let's let's watch it
come on
I'm surely not sir I'm shadowboxing
before sir that's the kid freaking shit
talking quit oh okay okay
he got stopped in its training kept
stopping it oh you see that you see
straight his trainers a snake man he was
like you're like don't go too hard I was
like boy until the person you trained to
stop talking a Tish one thing I hated is
when people talk so much man I'm like
when you get in a ring with them
everyone tells you relax don't go too
hard like they're talking on like crap
so what are you supposed to do but yes
some I told him that I'm gonna go
lighter but I really didn't go lighter I
just kept on going a little harder you
guys see that his trainer was asked his
trainer was asking was it are you good
are you okay and I think my little
brother he was the one I was filming he
was like Oh in the background he even
edited this video for me
Yussef man that's crazy oh my god
alright so this one right here this is
another sparring match that I had with
another shit talker that was there I
used to have a lot of sparring matches
with kids in there who talked a lot of
crap and my little brother used to come
and record them
I even have so many of my fights
recorded but I'm such an idiot
I broke a laptop once for my video and
these are literally the only videos that
I have of me sparring it was like five
years ago where I broke the laptop yeah
man I'm never I'm never gonna do that
again I just realized that you should
always keep and hold your memories
forever but I was such an idiot I didn't
know boxing was like if the boxing was
dead to me at the time so I just moved
away
I even had songs in that laptop man I
wish I could get that laptop back bad
you ate the doobie gang this person
right here he was another shit talker
and honestly honestly this dude reminded
me a lot about ksi because he called me
a shorty called me a baby he called me
he said all the short jokes on me all
you little freaking road to little
literally roasted in my life and the day
I got to spar with him because if you're
in a boxing gym and there's people in
your box engine you're allowed to spar
with them I'm the one that called him
out I told him let's spar and he was
looking kind of nervous but then after a
while we finally got in the ring and I'm
uh let's do it he gave a little
challenge but let's let's watch it oh
then you missed I think it must have you
punch fell away let's see oh oh
I had to the music as a copyright and
men's is hugging me out here man oh I'm
so skinny damn now do I have helped me a
roach right okay
oh and I gave him a pound a man he has
to do me one thing about me is that a
lot of people always underestimate me a
lot of people underrate me a lot of
people they just look down on me because
I'm short and I don't know they look
down and my doctor said I'm average
height so I'm Gucci but seriously do me
I just want to thank you guys so much I
thank you guys like every single day but
that's seriously how I feel I feel
thankful every single day for you guys
and I really hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog if you guys want more vlogs like
this let me know give it a thumbs up and
leave in the comments below what do you
guys want to see next
cuz it is gonna be raining for the next
few days and I'm gonna be doing
something pretty crazy and it's gonna be
on video and I'm a blogger and I'm gonna
show you guys what it is but um ah yeah
stay tuned for that do me again tomorrow
is the big announcement I cannot cannot
wait stay tuned for that is gonna be
huge looming Hank to everyone around the
world stay tuned
also do not forget March 9th you can
pre-order Instagram famous worldwide and
March 11th it is out in March 10th
tickets but a world tour come out well
not for the whole world tour for the UK
the Far East Asia Indonesia Malaysia
Singapore America Canada everywhere else
Middle East you guys are coming soon but
UK Baris Asia
get ready episode you get ready yes
that's all I'm saying get ready don't
forget to subscribe don't forget a
thumbs up I love you guys take care I'll
see you guys tomorrow
take care Oh pish
