yeah should I believe them anytime to
begin with them have consent come alive
you can have the head of us hey guys
what's up you're dooming I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day today it's gonna be a
long fun day and I hope you guys are
ready for it
so first I'm going to go to a desert
spot with the homie Nikki but Nikki
wants me to meet him in an area that
it's like a danger zone for me like if I
go there I can probably like I don't
know some people are you don't want to
hurt me there and stuff like that I'm
going to tell you guys why and the
reason why I can't be in that area in a
few minutes I'm still going to go pick
them up and meet him there but which is
not going to get out the over because if
I do I don't know I don't want to see
anyone that like I'll let you guys know
why in a few minutes in the blog then
after that I'm going to come back home
I'm Echota family and I'm going to
surprise my mom with the gift that you
guys gave her and just yeah just see
what's up maybe you guys will hear today
for the first time ever and I really
hope you guys enjoy it so I love you
guys let's see how we go I'll see you
guys in the next shot good - zero
what's up lonegan oh yeah hey girl
the area and I want to go pick up pick
him up back I couldn't go outside
because that area is like like a danger
zone for me so i'ma tell you guys is
sewing the QI pocket of your honor
never told you what he told me is that
you don't want to go there now when we
want it I was a place in New York City
135th Street around Broadway and
Amsterdam and Frederick Douglass Avenue
around that area like I cannot be there
I cannot like that's a danger zone for
me because I'm the city it's a crazy
crazy story so i'ma tell you got some
saw you too I'm ready to hear it okay
yeah so around six seven years ago I was
like 17 16 years old I want to go play
basketball right at night I was playing
basketball at night like 10 o'clock and
I don't know why and I was a to my
friend so it was like me let's say it
was me you and slim but was it was me
and to my other friends names or Alex
and O'Neal so one of the kids over there
like she's like a song that he had his
whole crew there literally was like 50
of them
he basically set me up so this is how he
set me up my friends Alex O'Neill there
were many times they didn't want to
retire they didn't play basketball
anymore
wait yeah so the kids three of the kids
that I have no clue they over there like
doggies whatever they like you know to
say to onto me and one of the kids that
I don't even know versus to his friends
to his friends me I don't know any of
them someplace walk to LA let's play for
money to save $20 so I'm like okay let's
do it for $20 so we started playing the
two unto me and the kids I don't really
know against the other two and the kid
in my team he basically was passing it
to them and losing and like my purpose
so they can win and when I give him the
20 they can always lit up put him yeah
yeah you guys yeah please oh no no wait
okay well I bet I told the county now
I'm not paying up because you just sent
me up bro yummy yeah I just do just
little he's literally passing the ball
before so his friends can win and I can
pay them I was like the problem not
doing that that's I'm not paying bro you
just you did it by purpose you're trying
to make them one by purpose I'm not
paying on no money no nothing so then
they all get angry and they're like yo
now you gotta pay off you gotta pay up
so I'm like I'm not paying up so I get
up to get myself up to my friend Alex
and yo yo let's go we gotta head out so
I'm getting up to that up I pick up my
phone
them snatches my phone oh yeah and I go
something broke in my phone give my
phone because I know you own your phone
you have a one-on-one fight somebody
cools I have won our fight so meetings
start having a one-on-one fight I beat
them up
I thought punching them out him up but
then everyone I'm Adam doing everyone in
the whole park two jumps in seats to
crap out of meat and both of my friends
so the point where I had to run away
barefoot I have to run away barefoot
literally to my sister's house because
it was near my sister sometimes of house
times I was really young at the time
so I ran away to my sis house so I was
so bad at the time so two days later I
brought my older brother and I thought
my people and my husband loved life and
I went to their 135th Street and
Broadway there was still that apart they
were they always there always in that
part I didn't know they're there right
now but it's like years but yeah but oh
my god I do not even want to say what we
did it was really really bad me my older
brother I don't know models of other to
the words he had like let's just say I'm
just gonna say this we went to the park
and almost all of them got like like
knocked out cold and like literally
knocked out cold ever since then I never
went back there because yeah and then
I'm back there I'm done so when they
keep so many will pick my hair that's an
area I'm like bro so I pick you an area
I'm not going out I don't know but yeah
that's pretty much it we pull up and
have like tinted windows I happy really
knows it my guys about to go to a dope
dessert spot here in Soho New York City
is a breakfast i'll breakfast and
dessert here observe inaudible breakfast
and is that my god I mean to keep just
got to just a despot and look oh so dope
with the champion and then all around
here this is so cool look camera
appetizers here alright so I have no
idea will be ordered right but the
tuition bill does it if you could be
fancy with this only just be getting
with it I don't return to looking at it
with this
we just ate that memorize every odds
that dessert was amazing though they're
so good so they're here walk right now
is fine but now and to keep her at home
and I gotta head home because I got to
take a buster from school so yeah the
keep peace out you owe me my man the
keys chosen man see you guys in the next
shop alright guys I just got home I
couldn't take muffin home from school
I'm gonna take him home tomorrow I wanna
vlog and I want to show you guys what he
goes through layin on school he must I
want to show you I wish you weren't
school I want to show you guys what he
does what he goes through when he's in
school I came late because the traffic
was insane so his mother had to get him
but Muhsin he is so so bad whenever you
wakes up for school he pretends that
he's still asleep and he can't wake up
he goes like this is like hmm you know
how you lie when like you're still
sleeping of stuff but he's not that's
exactly what mustn't does and he's
freaking 2 years old I can't do you like
school
do you like school yes you do why such a
bad boy in school huh guys Dinah's
birthday is coming up in two yeah
why your birthday's coming up in two
days
oh you want to say baby you want to say
it baby forever
yeah but Oh most of this randomly got on
the side of hiking right guys oh my god
who taught you who taught you huh you
know you told him Dina definitely taught
these kids are seriously so crazy but by
the way you guys got not Zizi you guys
got him so good I'm gonna show you guys
his tweets right here he was freaking
out because you got to tweet him saying
that I burned the Liverpool Jersey so he
finally watched the vlog but he disliked
my vlog someone every
one you guys who are watching this -
thumbs up this like because you probably
going to watch it again probably dislike
it well you know what we're going to
make him watch his blog once again
alright you guys are going to send them
another snapshot on Twitter saying this
just um uh say something cute is Lee s
video something bad like oh my god II
burn say something cute be like a month
you're like oh my god
Muslim said you love's not tweet him
that guy's this right here this right
here snap shall dis send it to not be
like oh my god I can't believe it
Justin said nas's name oh my god the
tweet of that he's going to get so gasp
but he's going to come on the vlog watch
the whole vlog and dislike it so I mean
every single on you guys to thumbs up
the video and out beat his dumb dislike
so Naz I'm gonna knock you out when I
see thumbs up exactly what you just
dumped up thumbs up who is it yeah Rima
Oh what the heck you have the carrier
muscle just copy whatever they do pretty
much you're gonna carry them like that
we say yes the savage yeah you love this
I'm Marshall oh yeah get it message say
us they say yeah Oh what yeah Adam I cut
cat you're here my dad let me cut your
hair you send me a video I'm gonna show
you guys right now he's insane look what
he said to me what Adam any good Adam
and anything man mama gonna bring the
gun so again you don't like on me I drew
a blank on you so it he is insane say us
if you don't let me cut your hair the
super Arab nanny is coming for you but
she's going to be really sweet she's
gonna be really nice and she wants to
talk to you in a funny funny way so you
can be Savage - super Arab nanny so so
bad nanny
episode 3 is announced it's going to be
on say F the first one was on Rima and
it worked
the second one was on or sit here huh
and the third one is going to be on say
yeah okay come you know what Jenko it's
going to come
alright we're going to see say I didn't
work out a muffin well hopefully works
on C as if it doesn't work on C F so the
super Arab nummies mother is going to
come for say F because I think that's
what that's what's going to happen hi
guys
to give my mom the gift that one you
guys gave her so hopefully I can get
some of her reaction just surprising
here and just make it a smile because I
love my mom I stopped working Meg but oh
my god he's a crazy but I'm gonna go get
the gift I'm gonna go give it to my mom
right now so let's see how she let's see
what goes on it's the first time ever
she's gonna like be and a little like
kind of like a vlog so mommy I love you
I'm about to give this to you hopefully
you don't like throw it on me be like yo
ya Guinea I'm as you know not yo huh
they love it they love watching videos
of me pretending to be my mom oh they
hate it when I do it in person watch
this come over here come come don't
Buddakan huh you're doing what I won't
work
why are you doing what it won't work
look at everybody she hates it so much I
was doing that what okay sorry okay
you're doing it working huh you shut it
up carried up huh hmm let's go okay okay
okay sorry I won't do it my mom is
watching the vlog right now this is what
she does every day every single day this
is what she does guys I won't know long
right now yeah I go boy I got it you
just said guys hey guys hi guys woman hi
mama someone surprised you with some
gifts do me game they love you so much
they gave you this hijabs this edge
Ibiza is a 2000 the latest have 2020 the
best of hijab ever you can rock it it
looks dope skink here should I believe
in any time I begin with them have
consent cool new home online some ham Oh
Shia Mubarak thank you so much Anna you
can put local consonant kunam thank you
so much our yeah and also they also gave
you a mile and a half and they gave you
this a perfume author it's from Donald
Trump Donald Trump
he's all set thank you I'm joking a
dancer this is a j'adore the door oh you
like it thank you so much that that's it
thank you cool okay I love you
that's it we did it I gotta get my dad's
reaction bubble yeah I put my woman's
like yeah yeah fine
it's okay I put on the bug we're gonna
be done I DS okay she's gonna be in the
video tomorrow Kay yeah yeah yeah hey
quick while you're over his head Wow
Mandy let me go see teacher Holloway
what's going to happen in a couple days
I don't know it would be Alan I'm about
oh yeah all right guys so I'm at the
play Simon Says with the little kids
right here muffin Deena and Rima I just
want to see who's gonna win and who's
gonna take you guys ready you guys know
the rule for time it says right yeah
what about say Simon Says
you do it whenever I don't say Simon
Says you don't do it you ready
okay everyone touch your head all you
guys lost that's it you have lost out I
did at any time is head are you guys
ready for sure Simon Says touch your
head Simon Says touch your nose hi mr.
chillip Simon Says mix-a-lot
Sammy says Sully
I'm mr. Sully Sam is a set okay
Silas I set up Simon Says jump
okay sorry wheres the winner
I guess Mustang and Dean are still young
but Remo 1 - Reema now we're gonna go to
the older Addams Family Challenge guys
you guys did an amazing job
i'ma see you guys soon okay thank you
guys
I'm happy thumbs up oh okay okay okay
that's it that's how much is this you
know so much it's beautiful you know
you're putting you know guys I'm gonna
bring Hamza hila engine when I see the
win done
hi guys I got the oldest squad over here
and Rima because Rima is really good at
Simon Says so let's see which one you
guys are gonna what you guys ready yeah
I got such a shoulders look with the
shoulders I didn't go hyeme again okay
Hilah get up you know I'm gonna be
highly back in Highland come back II
good right yes ready yeah sure yeah I
want to fill your nose and see I'll fill
your nose
no oh mama says touch your elbows Simon
Says touch your eyes Simon Says touch
your knees Simon Says touch your toes
device are off again I'm gonna get up
and we gonna are you got it dad FINA was
on top of his bed go crazy I will be
going with you and open to pretend to
meetcha Lynette
pretty nice inspection hi guys and I was
saying the first letter is elephant
after Alice after Ellis is Beth and
after bet is cat fat be ah that that
right very good
I love it guys I love it you're not
saying write the letter hop and hat are
different they're very very different so
we're going to see how it goes
and after ha and hat is going to be an
amazing it suppose the political circle
oh you guys ready down guys you guys can
play with me if you guys want you ready
you okay play listen to Roxanne okay you
guys ready okay Goomer you guys write
the doom again get ready stand up stand
up
you ready let's do it okay yeah Simon
Says touch your head Simon Says touch
your shoulders Simon Says touch your
eyes touch your knees
yeah into living God oh you're kinda
shoulders sunny shoulders Simon Says
touch your head
Simon Says touch your head sorry said
such a nose
Simon Says touch your stomach whoo whoo
Thomas and jump jump jump
okay stop the Manzi out and even stop
silly
Tommy's gonna stop clapping all right
Simon Says cry
yeah Oh Roman race the rock
yeah okay do me it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoyed this
vlog we did make sure your thumbs up and
go turkey Ramadan starts tomorrow
so Ramadan Mubarak to everyone out there
to everyone who was asked to to
celebrate someone on Ramadan Mubarak to
every single one you guys and it's going
to be an amazing amazing month of
shaolin everything goes well stay tuned
and stay updated subscribe thumbs up
because this Ramadan is going to be
really really fun with a dooming hang me
and you guys so it should be really
really fun so imma see you guys tomorrow
day 1 of Ramadan I love you guys take
care
err pics okay all day killing or
not here in the hallway keep egging me
yo cry get us what they all say I'm
about to go with this
