I was coming out of that I'm Christian
and I want you to vlog I love them I
thank you so much
Sami so 2002 bit up on it you can have
the head of your number hey guys what's
up is do me yeah I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day we are in Orlando and our show
in orlando starts in like three to four
hours but before we go we're gonna have
some breakfast have a chill out and
enjoy our time in orlando before the
show starts and gets lit by the way guys
i'm with the homies right here DJ it's
and Nas easy and slim but i to victim
visits and not are going to tell you
guys what happened yesterday first time
I saw you guys maybe I was a little
summary of what happened yesterday so
they were using my over to go to the
Schuylkill ounce that I was there I was
ready to us first there so when they
wants to go me mad vocalize they use my
uber so while they're going to use my
over
I changed the address to the most
dangerous area in Orlando witnesses tell
us the victim was an innocent bystander
who was caught in gunfire between young
men who were arguing at the gas station
place were like shootouts - well people
get robbed it's literally insane
I know it's crazy the savage thing to do
but I have to man I told you I I'm gonna
get them back and when they went there I
want you guys to tell me how it felt
when I was there like when you when you
got there when did you guys realize that
it was like when the driver goes to me
introduce what happened right yeah I'm
in the car and suddenly you know if you
guys use uber your loggia so suddenly
drugs about notification saying that to
navigate somewhere else so he goes on
it's a different place so okay and then
I found him was that why change the
address for he goes on a window guns
this hookah lounge now we're going to
this one other I cool so the guy goes to
be on nature like are you sure you want
to go to the place of that why he goes
it's not a very nice area but a nice
cooler because awful Adams there it's
obviously he must sort of little bit
soon is rejoin me around preposition I
mean it's big goes whoa yeah we do but
come over on the side sophomore okay
cool
and then I get a phone call from a
minute later to enjoy the movement and
put a find out what everybody had fun in
the hood yeah and you same it is just
killers from there this killer is so the
under the paint and I will drive up cash
no way so they can't have a cat who
would ever do one Wow
what we got a roadblock and then they
think it comes in the limo so I'm in
there but I'm cancelling the order
whatever they got in I would cancel it
over when I said I'm looking good was
unusable right you can tell because it
was not your pipe okay I do prime
Josiah's cool but input I laugh at risk
worth I think you wrote a sign with the
citation started please lock your doors
stay safe if you see anything suspicious
please cause of what they got there that
you'd side with it I'm dying I'm Valerio
say 500 I say that was madam who called
me say what would you do what without
meeting as well we don't like we might
if I hear you don't make me mad if I hit
me people losing their he was trying it
funny you kinda go in there one of us
cops are some got some backup
we got the photo mr. brain so just a
warm-up broke it's just a woman bro this
one as well so I'm gonna join the saying
so have a sketch on you fat it's not
right it's not principally in about
water reach up guys not slapped me so
hard because I've gone through the hood
yesterday but he's slapped me so hard on
the snapchat so so hard that my neck
frickin hurt me still not locked him out
of the room
apologize okay I'm sorry no see me see
me see me song a Bengali and I count to
three one two three I don't know I don't
know that I need I don't want to hear
laughs ready set go sing me a song I'm
gonna sing me a song first
you know what we are we are sorry I'm
sorry
yummy so slim - why - I'm pretty good I
chucked water on you I'm sorry for
messing with you
and for five of our neck I'm sorry
I'm sorry hey huh
all right guys right now I'm gonna go
see to ride-or-die do me I tweeted one
of them about a month ago telling them
I'm going to bring them to their land Oh
show from Miami so I flew them out
although it's Orlando to enjoy the show
and have fun I'm going to see them right
now what's up yeah I got that goodie
how you guys doing here so guys yeah I
was just like let's get free good jobs
like a nice going abuse thank you
walking up sister yeah thank you so much
thank you you're the one on Twitter with
you asking how is she doing that like a
reply to on Twitter it is looms Aid is
not a little
next to me and I was just like you enjoy
you want to go yeah sounds good thank
you guys so much for your support I
appreciate it sissy so you go get on
fuck today guys want a 45-minute road
trip bring up hey yo what's up y'all got
no time we don't have some Europe
establish yeah what do you guys excited
about today you know we came late it was
good picked up car themself look we're
running a little late so we ended up
taking it with them self
he's act like an unfortunate what was it
what it was like when do you find out
about me plums like how long ago a once
and from cloud really know it though but
I'm going something I think would make a
nice a room and you just thank you to
hold on thank you really
no you were really through I got sorry
especially do not accent I can do pretty
well because I've been doing it since
2008 so I can go back and forth anyway
but you guys really sound like risk
people making axes out of my girl
sorry no longer like doing it so much my
question is you like stress of your
protectee may not break when I'm
speaking up but I love it only me
I want a cup of tea I got your back
stage here in the Orlando show this tour
is really really long as it's just a
certain city we have so many shows get
through but this is so much fun - thank
you guys for putting means from in this
position where we always say like before
show every single time but this is we're
so thankful to most every single time
like doing a tour having so many people
come out a lot of you guys come through
means so so much so thank you guys so
much like me it's not putting our like
effort and everything to do our best on
the shows to make you guys you know get
entertained is the best thing ever so I
really hope you guys appreciate
everything needed ready I'm really
really but I got got on the show now
we're doing the meeting really - I'm
eating green terlando eating green side
hello look what she got open it okay
look at this
she almost met if you didn't hi I'm
Adriana and this is my first show to see
Adam and you've been with me throughout
school out of my three brain surgeries
and he told me not be depressed erotic a
lot more I love your dissertation so I
got to go thank you so much I love happy
early birthday I hate my hair and the
one and only
akmed right whoever's it you be secondly
replanted remember the black you will be
old treatment get a real later nigga con
and do me Manning my brother looks like
Adam
those are you limousine Wow hashtag Omar
from temple where is this I've got even
here to die leave me a happy birthday
tell Lisa you go to our cabbages on I
still love you girl my gosh like Texas
pigeons Ben I'm tiny
ready okay I'm open and I'll quote
fidget written already
oh you gotta match it to jab and shirt
mashallah glorious you notice a look at
the warrior was wearing a garbage bag
hey what's up y'all shout out to my and
many salads Bob Bashara four hours so
y'all hear you
now efficient energy she want to marry
you and she will become a mother that
was your name Natalie Thank You Natalie
and I appreciate it was up more than she
did for you you're no man at all you're
amazing thank you so much hey guys Adam
sola is the best you know what
thank you mrs. you're the best Kaitlyn
what's up Kaitlyn I Love You Kaitlyn
doing a vlog vlog and he said put him in
a spot of challenge Latin sandwich but
definitely was flagged out man using a
special oven fresh Michael Thank You
Brad Smith and Leila she did really good
sale me how you did it
single a do it Hey howdy today hey yo
something to regain he has a blog
channel sample about what to call you
channels popping shampoo foppish evans
1991 1991 check them out
stop this vehicle is your partner in
crime I'm here Amir Wasif slim he's
lemon you're Adam yeah it's a brand new
mistake today
say what it's a brand new day and
Orlando you don't wanna give a shout-out
to my partner in crime you made my
dreams come true or I got to slimming
out of youtubers in the way so much and
you're out of mother yeah I'm Adam we
call Walter here is that is good
she loves Lebanon what years ago and
permanent her dad that you wouldn't cut
it
so Chiquita wow that's dope that's
really old Pat I love your house with
you a flag down that we had is that
written and I want you to live I love
him I thank you so much baby so funny
Oh open up on it looks like that man
you looks like that homie just went from
Puerto Rico
hey I'm gonna pretend one
okay do me hang I look like a huge huge
mess but we just got time for bus we
have a long long journey imma show you
guys more of the tour bus tomorrow also
I'm going to talk to you guys about how
the 2018 tour we have it all set up it's
a new type of tour so be prepared be
ready and we were talking about I sent
out Twitter a lot of guys were asking
Amsterdam I don't know if we can ever go
back to Amsterdam because of all the
organizers that have spoke with the team
my team and everything we don't know if
me--some could ever go back to em Stan
because the fight we had maybe a couple
like I don't know six seven months ago
there was a huge huge fight people think
a small whatever but that fight was so
big to the point where he emailed us
threatening to kill us but he said if
you ever come to Amsterdam Rotterdam
anywhere in the Netherlands he will find
us and he will try and legit kill us so
it's kind of scary when someone emails
you that but we're gonna see how it goes
because I love my you know my Netherland
homies you know it - yeah I want to go
so bad I love going there i'ma have to
come through my dad because my dad is an
OG
well it's all good we can see how it
goes a mind of like here you guys enjoy
this vlog make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey thank you guys so so
much for level support I appreciate you
guys I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow
take care her peace
hello you oh hey but in our day killing
on night here in the hard way keep that
up and you'll cry yet of what they all
say
