hey guys whatsup Kaduna gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day my family is back
again with the cringy music leaves and
this time it's Djem and little innocent
eight-year-old well not so innocent
because he's a roastmaster Jamel has to
be stopped
he's doing these insane cringy musically
and he just started musically like
around a week or two ago and I only
found out by Hamza just a couple days
ago how did that texted me saying yo
Jamel just made a musically a couple
weeks ago check it out and when I seen
that text I started bugging out because
Hamza was the first person in the Addams
family to start doing these cringy music
leads and now Jim man is following his
footsteps so without further ado I'm
have to show you guys Jim as cringy
musically I know I made cringy musically
but juh madman like he's the king he's
the roastmaster man why why man why
happens that you need to stop being a
bad influence on Jamel
seriously so as I said Jim at just
started musically not too long ago and
he already has almost 10,000 fans 10,000
fans on musically and no one has even
mentioned him yet like us that's really
good for eight year old he's he's
killing it on musically which I do not
know how maybe because he's demanded the
roast King and he has a lot of music
leaves already like over 50 music leads
in a matter of a week or two that's like
that's like 10 musically a day seriously
there needs to be a commercial where
like they need to stop these cringy
musically that Adams family is doing hey
guys this is Adam with the please stop
cringing music please calm or any of
your family members doing fringy
musically Steve want them to stop do you
want that to stop now well you can call
1-800 stop cringing musically now with
only 13 payments of 80 99 you can get
them to stop cringing musical ease now
and if you sign up now you get to pay an
extra $100 call now
alright guys so this is Jim as
first-ever musically and this is how I
know how much that inspired him and
influenced him and spoke to him to make
musically because his first
we is what Hamza you know what I blame
my older brother Abe Abe you've seen
hamza and Jamal filming the first ever
musically and you did not stop them so
you're taking this whole blame you had a
choice to make I did to stop them or
continue walking and you chose to
continue to walk why like this why No
are you serious are you serious you
didn't just walk away
you made a musically with Jamal and you
didn't even do it correctly at least
make your lips go on with the lyrics it
was like this it wasn't even at the same
time as the song no no
I just saw Tina in the background of
this musically I feel so bad for I feel
so bad excessive sija man do that
musically imagine what's going through
her three old innocent mind looking at
her older brother a older brother half
naked do musically what the heck
now he's getting Deena to do musically
she has no clue what's going on I can
imagine Jim at telling her hey knock on
a door just knock on door oh click knock
and he's there with the iPhone 7 that I
gave him he downloaded musically and he
filming Deena knocking on the door and
posting it on musically there's another
one with Deena right now let's see it
this was a short musically maybe Deena
knew that was musically she was like
nope I'm not being on a no more don't
fill me where are his parents seriously
where is Jim as parents because if he
would have done this in front of me I
would have took his phone and returned
it back to the store that I bought it
from
he's so into it that's definitely to one
of his exes that broke his heart I don't
know which one but it's definitely one
of us he's so passionate and me so into
it change your shirt
well first of all I look good in this
shirt and second of all I look good a
nation or a pocket oh I know didn't
t-shirt so tell me I don't look good I
don't get it like if you look good in
that shirt so why are you taking it off
he puts all yeah this is the best music
we have lodge or Java this is the best
napkin you put the song with me Sadie
and James because when it's that hallway
you showed your freaking Hollywood he
shows the hallway when it's at all
that's creativity that's unique that's
that's life I'm sorry Japan but I'm
gonna have to expose you I'm exposing
you Japan okay first of all why are you
alone outside you're eight years old you
look like you're alone second of all you
have your uniform on third of all this
is like right in front of your school
you go to an Islamic school in a message
and you're outside making them musically
into a song in your jamming like what
why give a sense I know you're probably
watching this right now which you
probably are I love you too math don't
roast me please this is the reason why I
didn't want to do this video because
you're probably gonna roast me into like
this wrap this on me I really don't want
you to do that I love you and I'm scared
if you do that don't do that because I
love you you're mad but you're alone
outside and you're like outside of a
message like you're mad what are you
doing
I'm done I'm done
honestly I don't know what to say I
don't know what to say to my ear
you're too raised me to radar what is
this I'm done I'm seriously done but you
know what you man you're gonna have
super Arab nanny to you next cuz you
need a super Arab it looks like you're
home alone and being a bad boy doing
these music leads so super Arab nanny
the next episode I'm really seeing right
now this vlog will be with Jim and I
know a lot of you guys wanted a super
Arab nanny back so it's gonna be back to
Japan and hopefully he doesn't this
mirror does it doesn't wrap this on me
I'm sorry but super granny is going to
be on you for you to stop so hopefully
it gets you to stop other than that
you're lucky you're part of the Addams
Family I love you so so much and don't
roast me once again I hope you all
enjoyed this video if you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey
give it a thumbs up for Jimin give so
many thumbs up at your mouth because if
you doesn't get out much thumbs up I'm
probably going to get roasted and maybe
if you guys don't comment saying Jim
I'll roast you because he will actually
read it and roast me so please do not
comment I'm saying do not so don't do
the opposite other that I'm done super
granny it's coming through Jim and I'm
done with it that's it that's it it's
official I survived nanny was going to
be done no more serious for it but
coming back for you xaf because he's a
bad bad boy so I will see you guys
tomorrow don't take care and I love you
another if I can make you say this only
so much occupation
we take a day to your separate ways okay
 all day
killing all night here in the hallway
that you up until you cry yeah that's
what they all say I'm about to go mrs.
taking out a gay got myself in this
position
oh it's got an attitude never showing
gratitude always want to talk but you
never want to listen
oh hey I'm gonna do it my way gonna to
change and hit the highway now little
buddy I can talk about my new
Oh
Oh
