Oh M D you can have better be on my hey
guys what's up into me gang I hope you
all have an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so far having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy trip so today I wasn't
going to upload any video because I had
a long flight from San Francisco all the
way to our land up and it was delayed it
was supposed to be a six-hour journey
but it got delayed and the turn to a
whole 12 hour journey but I wanted to
upload something because this year 2017
I have never ever missed a date you guys
do not know I've been uploading vlogs
since 2013 and 2013 2014 2015 and 2015
I've missed like a couple days to up
here like two or three days but 2017
this year I made like a promise to
myself to make an achievement to not
miss a day and so far I haven't missed a
day that's almost six months throughout
the whole year almost a half a year and
I have it missed a day so that's like a
big big achievement for me I know
YouTube won't give me an award for her
because I'm not white but it's a big
achievement for me because I was want to
achieve my own goals like what I do and
it's really really hard because I've
been doing a world tour imagine doing a
whole world tour and having to upload a
blog every single day I've been for like
40 to 50 cities the past few months and
I haven't missed the day so I feel I
feel proud about myself
I'm not complaining because I love doing
it I love doing daily vlogs I love you
know interacting with you guys I love
meeting you guys doing tours and I also
love doing these secret projects that
I'm doing there's a lot more secret
projects coming for you guys laughs and
daily vlogs are happening every single
day so I hope you all are ready because
on my way was the warmup a lot more
things are coming in a few I do have
some black footage that I did post a
couple days ago of Marcin he put lotion
all over himself and he didn't even get
in trouble bye mama here it is
oh and gee what are you guys doing
what are you doing what deck oh my God
my mom is gonna go crazy she's gonna go
crazy mama ma what are you doing the
dude is crazy man
look at me Gregg nothin
oh my god I'm a pretend I didn't see
nothing
beside medicina well okay guys I just
missed on Mawson to my mom and she
yelled at me man she was him and she was
like what did she say Japan that's
exactly what she said this is like my
mom's phrases like yo you know whenever
that happens that means you're in
trouble so she went up to Martin she
told me the yoo-hoo
she was like this is a waste of lotion I
can put this lotion on my feet so she
brings walks into the room she takes all
the lotion and she's rubbing it on her
feet my mom is a weirdo whenever he does
something bad I'm going to always get
some trouble gosh seriously Muslims he
only gets away with everything
also my older brother Abe he lied for a
bit so this is his blog
say hi Rima jihad give me ganks why be
shy
I can take nice I'm just keeping the
sleepy why are you sleepy we just had a
long day we move on to the part I went
out for dinner and was like long long
day turning your grand technical serger
to 32 I was going to take your but I
came and then you went out with hamza
and everybody so was kind of too late
hmm but you had fun long as you had fun
memory did you have fun
sleeping you played mm-hmm what about
you my son did you have fun - I died um
tomorrow I'm gonna go to first school
and then and then National Teacher of
unicum and then I'm gonna go to the
theater listen teacher is going to come
contributing to okay so you guys heard
that guy Rima gonna finish the school
then after school and then much singing
have to you know and legging with that
oh you're not gonna go tell okay and
then after that you guys gonna go to
Chuck E Cheese okay okay I promise Kippy
can let me take a look at you okay you
want to go to Chuck E Cheese here
you sure thank you so much to the homie
aid and thank you guys probably you know
stick with me sitting by my side with my
achievements with what I do every single
day
thank you guys so so much I want
everything what do you guys to give this
video a thumbs up to show even though
it's a short vlog a short video and the
day that I'm supposed to miss that you
guys still enjoy it so huge thumbs up
and do me Hank thank you guys so so much
by the way on my wing is literally so
close to 1 million views today so today
once the reach is 1 million views let's
celebrate on Twitter because it's about
to reach 1 million and I know we're
doing it is going to get to 2 million
because you guys never let me down and
don't I ever feel like we did let me
down because you guys did every single
one you guys love on my way and I know
for sure
and the secret projects that are coming
you guys are seriously going to love it
just be be ready be ready at doing it so
go down my way let's get it to 1 million
it's almost 1 million like three days
thank you guys so so much I'll see you
guys tomorrow looming egg take care and
peace hello cuz I'm so much like you
take will we make a change to your
separate ways oh okay but in all day
killing more not here in the hallway
thank you cry yeah that's what they all
say I'm about to go listen
taking out a gay got myself in this
position always got an attitude never
showed
