you're sleeping at ocean before is gonna
cheer you up because making an accurate
you can have the he'll be on my breast
hey guys what's up a do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day we just got here to
Euston Texas in a matter of like 14 to
15 hours we're performing in Houston I'm
kind of excited but I'm like really
really sad also because that is our last
show
Yuson oh my God we're going to have like
a literally like a dope dope speech and
usage so I can't wait for you guys to
stay tuned for that then after that
we'll be back home to New York City with
the Addams Family
my older brother you've lied for a
little bit so I'm gonna take you guys to
his leg first
Rema Rema is in a bad mood she wants to
go out with my mom but she's coming out
with it what happened am I talking tell
them the camera what about you myself
they're always in a happy mood Rima
listen I'm taking you out to have fun
okay remember do you remember do you
remember the place you one last time
with Mama okay you guys gonna go over
there okay and then after that you were
real good to your auntie house um I
don't know if the man is coming here sir
command is coming but it is but I think
they listened to the play they're not
coming back it might be a sleepover well
and our house and later on later tonight
we'll go home okay oh ah something I
have something in a cheery chew you up
Liam I would okay Wow
Rimma living that poses the fall is
going to cheer you up you might going to
have you Anna watching meditation so we
saw my dad wake up my sender you ready
ready mom
Wow go to our house what about you
myself I worked pretty good homes and
you guys going to mess and wake up okay
I do my gang thank you for watching this
video I hope you guys liked it give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey alright guys I
hope you guys enjoyed that vlog huge
shout out to my older brother aid thank
you so so much
I'm going to show you guys right now a
video it's a touching video to everyone
out there who came through to the world
tour this whole world tour thank you
guys so so much the whole tour just like
memories in each city so I really hope
you guys enjoy and I really hope I get
to see you guys soon again and I can't
wait for you guys to watch the vlog
tomorrow with the speech and just
everything but here's the video because
right now as you guys are watching it
we're probably done with the Easton show
heading back to New York City enjoy it
thumbs up 2017 23 years old I would have
never ever thought
do me I tried seriously make me so happy
wow this is crazy well this is like a
breathing this is the biggest thing ever
people have doubted me people have
looked down on me better things come you
know if you look down on you big things
coming okay this is now oh this just got
to Barcelona Spain I am in Italy Milan
of Berlin event in Copenhagen Denmark
Oslo Norway we are in Jakarta Indonesia
Guadeloupe um I am in Australia we are
invited Doha the headings I'm here in
Muscat Oman we made it do me a just got
to Glasgow Manchester and left there
rats pervert here on the enforcement
Kuwait City Dubai it's gonna get crazy
time in LA we are out here in the bay
Orlando we finally got to Charlotte we
are heading there IDP show right now
NYC Montreal Toronto gear born right
here in Dallas Houston we've been living
like in the sand we've been living in a
hotel and it's been crazy crazy but so
fun
the whole family is here today more than
you ready for today so I'm gonna turn up
you sure
Reimer you ready it's a really big
achievement 3 I'm so excited of myself
oh I look so happy
we shout out to the homie not because
you got to go to a lot of
behind-the-scenes you guys were
seriously so insane you have always
turned up flash buzzing thank you guys
so much for like bringing me where I am
today I truly appreciate every single
one you guys I love you from the bottom
of mama
true
like everything and that was the video I
want everybody to comment below what we
came to a show or an event or something
I want you guys to comment below and
memory tweet me slim nods and memory
throughout like the whole world tour we
had like what's your favorite best
memory that you guys had if it's a video
a picture just a regular tweet tweet of
stat and we're going to yeah we're going
to watch how all the memories we're
gonna have like a hashtag I don't know
what's going to be called yet but I'm
going to tweet off some memories of you
guys and yeah a do me gang that world
tour was just literally just literally
like I'm speechless so tomorrow I'll see
you guys and you sitting with the speech
I just want to say thank you guys so so
much that's pretty much today's live
because today is mainly not something on
video something that have to like you
know give my all which is the show and
you guys will see it tomorrow so hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog thumbs up I
want every single one you guys thumbs up
if you guys came to the tour leave a
comment below and I'll see you guys
tomorrow doing oh wait hold up wait wait
wait now as you cover your beard not
sure top two I'm going to tell you guys
my number two
now as I change my number two oh yeah I
told him you're on a Toronto or green on
the river you three with Toronto that's
a signal please hate waiters just show
your beard come on hello just show it no
his beard look looks likes I don't know
anything
shipping out my number three with
Toronto boys go number three number
three was also Toronto yeah that's what
I said
number two drum roll I mean you said say
that what you say all the same one one
two three lawyers what I changed right
here well yeah I changed my 101 is quick
his horn was London for number two so
they probably know what's the board now
what we're getting down to tomorrow's my
number two is Queen I'm just always hard
to choose London and Queens like one of
them has to be number one quake was
amazing guests we had four shows back to
back to back to back
sold-out and even if we did a fifth one
who probably would had another one the
quake sold-out but
I just felt like like London man like
they never even on to number one so
pretty much yeah laughs say officially
pretty much yes number one London number
two wonderful rock slide is cool quaint
he said system ordered for coins so the
motor Queen might have one is London
just do your top five two window at 5:20
yeah five New York City and Minneapolis
together for divided three Toronto two
queens one London you tell me Martin yes
fine yeah Minneapolis Wow
I mean you kick out Australia for him
before why yeah number three Toronto
number two London Wow your own city
minute and now the one is going homies
in Kuwait crazy was insane literally I
was so close to having a Thai but I just
couldn't London you guys you guys are
like Mirada died so yeah London thank
you guys so much
Amanda vlog here I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me hang at the last show
ever the last show ever
so yeah take care and peace
I like pool okay fucking all day killing
more night here in the hallway she
beckons me your cry yeah that's what
they all say I'm about to go missus
taking out I got myself in this position
always got an attitude never showing
gratitude always wanna top but she never
want to listen
oh hey I'm gonna do my way
James and his a highway buddy I can call
my BAE I just hit my new my way
Oh
