I'll leave that lovin yorima she's not
here she's in school
ya better be on my way
hey guys what's up in doing egg I hope
you're having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so if we're
having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy ah ha
do me yank so if you guys do not know on
my way is out tomorrow be Sadie
James we are also so excited but the
reason why I'm dressed in an army a
whole army outfit is because I need
every single one of you guys from the
ado me gang army here and ready to help
me achieve this 24-hour gold so since
the song on my way is going to be out
tomorrow and the music video will be out
tomorrow
I want to reach a goal of 1 million
views in 24 hours I need every single
one of you guys to help out once it's
out tomorrow are you gonna share on my
way
are you a writer that I do me yeah are
you going to refresh it till you get the
new and used in 24 hours so I'm going to
need every single one of you guys
tomorrow once on my ways out to
literally refresh it share it tweet it
everywhere until it reaches 1 million
views in 24 hours I know a million views
and 24 hours seems like crazy and seems
a lot but I know a goofy gang we can do
it is that right we could do it do me
yank so make sure you guys keep
refreshing thumbs it up tweet us videos
if you guys just jam it to it dancing to
it having fun will be retreating all of
them I believe in every single one you
guys and I also believe in on my way
because it is a banger so I hope you
guys are up for the challenge and I
cannot wait thank you do be Yanks for
listening and I hope you guys all ready
for tomorrow 24-hour challenge 24 hour
million view challenge on my way I hope
you guys all ready I hope you guys
believe in me just like how James and
Phase II believed in me this is
seriously just the beginning so be ready
guys literally be ready coming for
everyone out there and a doobie gang
James Gang fada gang juicy crew it's
about to get crazy this year I love you
guys so much and I'll see you guys in
the next shot oh
hi guys I just got to the airport I am
here to pick up Naz he is coming from
London and he's coming to New York City
because we have the USA tour yes it's
crazy because me nah we go to different
countries for like a day or two and then
we show up the next day to a different
country like it's across the street but
not just texting me right now he said
he's held up at customs this is the
second time he's held up at customs the
thing is not his real name is Mohamed so
sometimes when they see that in American
customs they can hold you up or really
really long I do not know why especially
that now Donald Trump is a president it
gets so long last time I waited for
hours for not to come out for being held
up so today let's see how long it takes
him to be held up hi guys
two hours just past 6:30 right now Naz
landed around 4:30 I've been here since
4:30 and he still held up at customs he
texted me saying that the customs people
yelled at for being on the phone so now
he came and texting me my phone is
completely that I have no charger so I
have no way to even contacting him I'm
still waiting here I called my lawyer
just to make sure everything is good he
said everything is good but it's just I
can take up to 4 to 5 hours which really
really sucks because today's would be a
really fun day
plenty more cosmic eaves are all waiting
for us in the city and I decided to come
here to get Naz real quick and head to
the city but this is taking longer than
usual let's see how much longer this
thing takes so annoying but let's get
through and shut lock eyes after a whole
two hours and a half look who finally
showed up blue bar oh goodness at home
huh the keep I don't know what it is
every time before the navies do this -
yeah every time a couple managed to pull
me in straight like I asked you know
let's go myself yeah the only one
playing - names kids names everything
and a board of arteries they go through
your social media yeah I was waiting the
whole time you got so lucky man I'll be
a scholar who's Adam me chaotic
never-ending involved with all my things
you think it coming up really another
dollar no but I got you but we're here
finally man we're about to head out to
the city someone see how it goes
but you love it okay
this is no fuss but I didn't there was a
video game y'all playin is it is what
happens when like other people who don't
know who you are
see fans coming up to you they detect no
I'm dying like now got an X on his navel
turn up on an X right away yeah both
make this what happens when you come in
right you come in you put your possible
in the machine in New York right here
and then you are getting X or you get a
nucleus in generally just go straight
through by eigen xl1 do you baby
well
I'll agree to the city for so long I'm
back over to your committee crostini
well Mike so pretty do I saved or
anybody on my way comes out tomorrow
April 28th on my way you don't get me
thank you so much I appreciate it
good man Thank You Man thank you my
favorite city what comes out tomorrow on
my way j√∂rgen waited for you guys in so
long bro tell me seriously been waiting
my girl how how long you think you guys
look slope we gotta go you gotta fucking
cut them we read up we're reunited and
watch okay bye guys we're not hotel
right now they have Connect four here so
I'm having game with or not easy bro
mr. Pakistan vs. mister Yemen right now
writing easy I'm so sure let's go
okay connect for me what happens red is
gone I'm yellow boom what you got oh
come on why Eddie I wasn't oh I was
waiting I got this Wow let's go really
great credit I took event
I took it man but we're gonna go get
food outside right now that I'm come
back up
I am so hungry I had a long long day so
I'm getting me a gyro
off you ever New York City you have to
get a gyro lamb over rice
woman's not taking things on a diet I
want to diagram boobs oh so I can't
bother all you need a bra well every
time post again Richard everything mixed
on my boobs now you know if you got fat
nipple double oh yeah
I've even already okay
hey hey one method
all the way house tomorrow I'm away out
tomorrow
home away out tomorrow on my way out
tomorrow on my way out tomorrow
whoo-hoo oh hey on my way out tomorrow
hey not gonna have no boy video but what
I don't use any way that we look exactly
like you bro exogenous money but they
also be a center station and go what the
fuck that'll kill you
that looks nothing like literally love
me like yeah but he got Kylie Jenner's
though Hassan was big from college out
the Kylie Jenner's on himself
shintaro say I don't wanna give us
do anything What did he say yeah we got
the whole crime well I'm not sleeping it
we got in the keys are here we just
having a little reunion to chill out
talk I just having fun you know what I'm
saying guys look at this beautiful view
of New York City I miss the city so so
much look I've been traveling so much
that I haven't even like seen my home
city for so long
a doomy gang I am in bed right now I am
seriously so tired but I can't sleep
because I'm so so excited for on my way
I've never been this excited because
this is like a new chapter for me and
the song on my way with Sadie and James
it's like a little warm-up for what's
about to come the storm is coming and I
seriously cannot thank you guys enough
thank you guys for being so dedicated so
passionate and so amazing thank you guys
so so much I cannot like have asked for
a better gang in this world you guys are
one big family with me thank you guys so
much so let me clear this all with you
guys on my way it's out on iTunes
Spotify everywhere worldwide 12:00 a.m.
in whatever city you're in
so whatever city you're in let's say New
York LA Australia London to buy whatever
city you're in 12 a.m. on my way is out
you can hear it you can listen to it you
can buy it on iTunes which you should so
you can help us get it to the top you
can listen to on Spotify you can listen
to it everywhere at 12 a.m. and tomorrow
12 p.m. New York City time the music
video will drop the music video will be
out at 12 p.m. New York City time and
the reason why I want to do this 24 hour
challenge I'm gonna be straight-up
honest with you guys and I'm gonna be
real with you guys I want to make a
statement like I literally want to make
a statement because a lot of people look
down on me especially when I have issues
with red fast and stuff like that so I
want to make a statement and what's the
do me gang I believe in us and I know we
can do it this is an easy challenge for
us I'm so so excited about it and plus
like I've always released song since
I've always loved rapping I think has
always been something that I love love
doing and right now going to like you
know the music game and everything like
that it's it's like a whole different
world for me but I love it so so much
and I cannot wait for you guys to be you
know hearing some more vlogs I'll always
be doing daily vlogs for you guys to
take you guys on this journey of this
new beginning for me so get ready to do
me gang because I'm not just a youtuber
no more usually when I go on shows or do
interviews they mark me as like a rapper
so I guess now you can pretty much say
I'm gonna be releasing a lot more new
stuff on my way for now make sure you
guys go get it and let's do the 24 hour
challenge video tomorrow
thumbs up for do me gang if you guys
already thumbs up let me see how many
you guys are going to thumbs up and
already for some
tomorrow 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time I love
us I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care air picks it do me gang all
day every day making a statement that
stabbing autumn Hey
that'll be on my way
