hey guys what's up to do me hang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm happy an
amazing day
you all should have an amazing happy day
and do me a huge shout out to the fire
department right here
someone will suck in an elevator and I
Hotel look as you can see right there
you chat I get an ambulance and a
firefighter Jersey that's really good
what they do because I'm so scared of
being stuck in elevators and that was me
out of it cry like a little baby gonna
do me gang let's start the dead must
subscribe inserts thank you guys so much
to every single on you guys you guys
have been showing so much love by
subscribing commenting thumbs ego
appreciating when you guys
you go on your phone and then you write
atom salad
okay do it you think I'm a steal your
phone no no I don't you think I'm a
why 2018 you have no phone no pool
that's good that's good Jimmy
will not be lying see white like that
man you better not your life said his
wife like that
come on I'm with the homie to keep it
without Malik even know that dude is
Jean you got a fresh a squirt there's no
way Isaac are that fresh and no phone I
know he's a little hard body man look at
this I'm a robber spawn man cuz he will
do that around here in New York City
do me game we have more meetings more
boxing workouts so this is the only time
I can go on and explore the city like
man I feel trapped
I'm just talking to do big apps gonna
stay fit keep winning affinity up cuz
more wins for your head stops to launch
I speak on my name the new beginning you
guys won't believe what just happy I
went inside the store trying to get some
DVDs and stuff I went in and I see stuff
that I didn't want to see very oh my god
I need some samples of water all over my
face man I feel guilty
excuse me you Nikhil
please thank you
I did something so bad
are you doing the gum bro cops they like
me
yo do you do it alone which one he takes
at 9th Avenue
this dude is afraid scared let's respect
him up come on he's gonna pretend the
snapchat like now look it's so great oh
yeah look at my husband the first time I
seen us walking but just be challenged
yeah this dude's walking but not sure
what are you doing the car
how are you doing he does not matter
walking for NAS be careful not shadow
overcome his fear he's the worst
last what are you doing please tell me
look enough to muffin oh no no oh by the
way I'm so I seen your video on pussy
and I just want to say just know like
with everything that you're about to go
through
I got your back right you got it is
boxing match sir Co see better be cute
monthly gotta be chillin huh monkey legs
she's so cute yo Missy your dog you see
Adam knows how to respect and love her
nas dozen houses a funk man he treats
her like it's a lion look oh my god tell
her thanks anyway see yo she's taking
over you're not this crazy man buddy you
freaking rescue dogs let me scare the
dogs a man has it muffin just chillin
over here so cute muffin what's up
imma steal you from yourself okay yes
she doesn't understand me she's like no
no yes yes muffin good stay with me
mm-hmm
today I'm trying to give you guys the
best every single day like a daily dose
of Adam every day but today I went to
the gym and I worked out we had a big
big meeting do me in I'm telling you
guys here first no one knows that this
is exclusive I have a big big
announcement on Sunday in do beginning I
really hope you guys are ready for the
Sunday stay tuned
Sunday this is something that a lot of
you guys are gonna love if you don't
really know is gonna be insane
also to me I do not forget March 11
Instagram famous is now and March 10
world tour tickets are out for the UK in
party stage of Australia Indonesia
Singapore and Malaysia seriously I
cannot wait your Lumia have fun today
thank you guys so much for like showing
so much love every day I can't thank you
guys enough service I can't think I know
yes sir feel like my family you guys my
babies I love you guys I think some of
you guys are happy to know my service
maybe thumbs up for a crush cartoon but
thumbs up like frosting do me any part
to also luma yang is gonna be raining
the next few days here near city like
100% rain tomorrow all day the day after
that all day so let me not want to react
to something let me know what should I
react I feel like I'm gonna react to my
old boxing videos like I really have old
old boxing videos from like almost 10
years ago so let me have a good media if
you guys want me to react to that
because I wanna make one reacting video
while the rain is here I can't go out
every single day sometimes and it's so
hard because I don't just do daily vlogs
now I run 1finity so I got to make sure
everything it's better Zuma gang it's so
hard for me but I feel like makes me
feel good it motivates me it gives me
that passion aside like I love doing
what I do and I wouldn't have been doing
this it wasn't for you guys and do me
game so thank you guys so much
make sure you give it a thumbs up thumbs
up so my real body I just made it today
the divine if you made it to end this
vine thumbs up
you were really one I love you for
watching every single second of my
blinds I appreciate you not forget
something
big announcement doing yeah I'll see
y'all tomorrow don't forget us it's got
take care and I love it
