hey guys what's up with your meeting I
hope you all have an amazing because I'm
having an amazing it so bottle have in
your main name you all should be having
an amazing you can have that'll be on
man hey guys what's up for Julie yang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day I must
perform in Chicago I've been waiting
five years for this five long years
since 2012 a lot of you guys in Chicago
I don't come to Chicago comes to Chicago
a lot of stuff has been going on I
couldn't even perform in Chicago so 2017
23 years old
finally performing in Chicago so this is
a really big achievement for me I'm so
excited I'm hyped up and excited just
like you guys I'm ready to go out we go
see how it goes and after that we're
going to explore Chicago Schatzi
Oh
Oh
dumi gang we just got done with the show
here in Chicago
Anthony meet-and-greet I just wanted
each other each and every single on you
guys in Chicago it was so amazing shop
City arise in New York City a lot now
I'm going to sign this thing right here
for the venue thank you guys so so much
shop city guys ready go oh by the way my
back is back back it back bad man you're
so gonna suck in Canada ever vote off
one who's stuck in so hey guys what's up
with your meeting I hope y'all have an
amazing because I'm having amazing it
so while having a magnet you all should
be having an amazing Oh rain pepper
onion mushroom on the whole buying
including Darwin or one of about one of
the deep dish pizza was amazing
what's up guys so I'm here with the
whole family I got all kids without
happens it happens and he got Arabic
school so he's mad he can't come so
today what do you want to do today hike
into the park some fun huh and Batman
and that woman back where you going give
us we're going to Turkey please no
indoor parties believe you okay Ashima
and go for kiss ya guys are ready Venus
Adonis
you have to sit down you know I got
carriage okay we're going to check it
sees no Anna yeah yeah we're going to
track of cheese we've gone to the point
everywhere today
okay who's gonna win who's gonna win
come on machen come on muffin oh god you
know Weston you can do a lesson you
could do it
like made it again we're do again yeah
we got the kids on peace stuff
gazonga okay
hi
yeah okay
Coleco
hi guys we just got done with the
Chicago Show we're heading to
Minneapolis right now Minneapolis I'm so
so excited to you guys so this is what
I'm gonna do I'm gonna tell you guys
it's top five city that were the loudest
that we're like insane right now well
I'm not going to say right now I'm going
to tell you guys number five right now
tomorrow I'm going to tell you guys
number four after that I'm gonna tell
you guys number three the day after I
was there I was number two and then they
asked ever tell you guys number one the
number one city that was the loudest in
that week everything so right now
number five is drumroll number five is
New York City my number five is New York
that's my number five we all have a
different top five what's your number
five everyone to say this up one of the
five I believe is Sydney Sydney
Australia yeah yeah it was at Ava's I
was given your mobile but then I just
looked up my emails and I worked out
Suki was a bigger venue the norm so here
okay but I have to be loud and don't
forget nurse thing with the two shown
and if you put that together New York
City would out be happy that's why I'm
saying here come to shows I'm not
arresting your Compu guys I love Hello
Australia but New York City we should be
number five
I love Sydney lol the last time for me
bro all right I'm on arguing punished to
the floor for business to finish what
they never buy but if I find a cool spot
is asking for me number five is very
handsome
music all right all three of us have
different cities in a different top five
we're going to keep you guys updated
every single day tomorrow's top for my
one for top five New York City is one in
Sydney Australia and slims one
Birmingham UK as you guys can see it's
hard really really hard I'll leave a
comment below what's your number five
one and let us know something yeah
what's your top five tomorrow you guys
having like what the heck knows I
believe that I do not believe near xo5
lose two shows here you used to see
issue
let's go with us to show families were
there we did you know you but we did two
shows if you add it up all together to
floor than Birmingham's and land it's
more than Sydney that's why I'm in
Jersey so we're going to see let me the
latest show I will if we show our son a
normal meal
Chris because of your mouth people don't
evoke in the whole bamboo the crowd one
I'm sorry where do you take it if I
don't bring out with a to show you
nothing you can't people don't how to
thank man Bo Burnham was fuckin gay
Berman was amazing yes for me on Tatum
I'm Manchester I don't apartment area to
re yeah by the way I love every single
city weirdest name in the top five right
now no matter what city is down below or
up there we love you guys exactly keep
building so thank you guys yeah it was
very easy taco slick I don't know if we
say top stick on line number five is New
York tomorrow they also my number four
number four whether the pool is okay
we're not gonna say it stays long it was
so hard to choose number up I already
got my top five Adam over the forty city
that we all have done so I'll keep you
guys updated with that other than that
Minneapolis tomorrow thank you guys so
much fun I love it before I truly
appreciate you guys so so much I'm going
to see you guys tomorrow do me gang take
care
like Michael okay fucking all day
killing all night here in a hard way she
said you open three girls cry yeah
that's what they all say
i'ma bop big ole Miss's taking out
