you can have the he'll be on my hey guys
what's up a do me gang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day we are heading to the
Toronto show right now we have around 2
hours finally we're going to be early
Toronto we're early for you guys so
let's yeah we go but before we go we're
going to go eat real quick then after
that we're going to go to the show I'll
miss you guys around so much it's almost
been a whole year you guys always turn
up so today I'm going to be doing an
Instagram lives at the show this is the
first time ever I'm doing an Instagram
live I'm only going to show like five
ten minutes of it that's all and also
got this pin right here as a Syrian flag
when you guys give it to me so thank you
guys so so much for that representing I
miss you we all choose your travels lit
try to hold it down every time so I feel
like gonna be a dope Oh click check all
the visible so not it's and slim there
in Eagan center at the mall eating and I
decided to go eat at a shisha on the
side because I need me some quick shisha
before the show so it's slim and Mazda
Olga to meet us at the shisha knobs and
after that we're going to go to the show
it's also pretty pretty cold here in
Toronto I can't believe it's made it
feels like it's freaking February over
here in Canada this is insane man but
I'm not going to like one place that I
would move that I would want to move is
Canada Toronto Canada people are so nice
but it's so clean everyone is so chill
is just the money so cool everything is
just so so dope here so one place that I
want to move in North America is Toronto
Canada double axel intro sure yeah
one with in why this is you got a lot of
fans here first of all what do they find
out was my house
huh they keep moving around
okay moving around it Toronto tonight
bro you got hotter than Canada through
us maybe we got the most 20th and ever
go he's been bit
reporter for lemon would you guys I'm
glad I show is like in an hour
we're here like as each a lot eating
public awaiting to be your limits Ron
all can't wait see you guys today
zoom again we're a heading to our show
right now start seven o'clock at 6:30 so
we make it on time let's go to Rondo Leo
see how it goes Hey yippee ai-yay
runaway Rondo
please ask him to leave to the backyard
okay
all right guys we just got done with the
Toronto meeting read and the Toronto
show this was literally insane I think
Toronto is up there with New York City's
in London so Rio is a lot that crazy
prana sort of the bold streamers
brilliant yet totally goes to Rona
Lebanon slide back Leningrad New York
non-eternal I'm not quite I can't choose
maybe that's ended at or I'll have like
a list of top ten like crazy or so who
knows you know you know something or
normal or the owner of this venue just
says you know Leonardo DiCaprio they got
their Titanic I said he came to his when
you form like other like a couple months
ago to the fans here we're crazy this
into one here and let out of you guys
were seriously so insane they want to
shut down this whole the show and it's
late last year they were pulling the
owners venue I was like that's all God
you know like see because you guys are
just insane and a good way we have so
much fun we turns up Thank You Toronto
for about ninety dr1 right now when you
got it's the next shot in Jimmy King I
am in my hotel here in Michigan tomorrow
well not even tomorrow like in a couple
hours I'm performing in Dearborn
Michigan right now staying in a place
like an hour away from Dearborn a lot
has happened this past couple hours so
right now it's going to be a story time
Adam talk it's literally insane what's
happening right now our DJ for the show
DJ it's
he lost his passport in Canada so he
couldn't go into America so now he is
stuck in Canada I do not know what he's
going to do but he cannot come to the
rest of this tour it's literally so
crazy because losing your passport is
like a really big deal like you're
supposed to go home and I don't know how
he's going to get home to the UK now but
hopefully he gets there safe and shallow
but now not is going to be our DJ for
the next cities here in the USA for DJ
not it's coming that also I want to give
you a huge thank you to everyone who
came out today in Toronto you have to
give me like a lot of shirt a lot of
candy a lot of chocolate a lot of
letters thank you guys so so much let me
tell you guys what happened today in the
Toronto show so I came out I performed
the perform that we performed together
and it was going wild like you guys you
guys were so energized so hype you guys
weren't sitting down so I mean I don't
mind that I love when you guys stand up
and turn up anyway but the venue lady
the venue owner of the place we're at
she kept being really strict and like I
don't know where she like spoke in the
microphone in the back when no one even
allowed to speak in the microphone other
than me slim Naz and the DJ and I don't
know if she spoke she spoke she was like
everyone needs to sit down are also
going to shut down the show now and then
when she said that I'm like girl like
girl do any shuttin down no show like
you're not going to shut down nothing
and I don't even looked at some of you
guys in the crowd I was like this lady's
not gonna shut down nothing like what do
they do all they did was stand up so all
you guys started booing here is the
owner of the whole venue I've never met
her in my life but you guys all thought
of booing her and I was dying laughing
because I was so savage and she deserved
that boo because it wasn't even that big
of a deal if people are standing up and
and like turning up at the end of the
show me some we're gonna go through the
crowd again but she got angry that we
went through the crowd I don't know she
was literally thinking of like anything
that what means some did to get herself
angry and I thought Canadians were nice
but you guys were not just that one lady
so we were supposed to do the meet and
greet on the stage in Toronto but then
after that she made it a whole mission
to do it at this other spot where it was
so hot and then me nas and some
like like what what is she doing when
you're lying I was beautiful
everything was amazing the seats was the
main is just her she was just really I
don't know just really like she just
didn't like us because our fans at ado
me gang and slimming gang oh you guys
were just insane and loud and she wasn't
used to that
I guess so she gave us a place to do the
meet agree I agree Delta okay cool to
the meeting right there and she gave us
a security usually we'll have our own
security or like nos or DJ ESCO take
care of us but she gave us a Sicario I
think why not you know let him you know
help us out but one thing I hate like
literally one thing that I hate so much
is when security guards are really
really rude like in a very disrespectful
way I understand of a security guard is
saying like it's being respectful like
off meet hurry up please
there's a long line in the back please
if you can can you like go little faster
like I understand security guards who do
that that's okay that's respectful but
this security guard today is Ronald was
I don't know there's something wrong
with his head but he was being very rude
to like - you guys - a little young girl
those young girl her name was so hard
she's the one that's kind of snitched on
the guy and told me that he was talking
crap to her Sahar told me I love you and
I told her I love you too and that's
security guard that I've never met in my
life who is he to say that like he does
even I had no clue who I am I've never
met in my my life and that girl's so
hard like and you guys I love you guys
truly was like Omaha rockin off you guys
see it but like in the media meets
whatever meat you guys like I want to
show love and like appreciation
attention to every single one you guys
because I truly deeply love you guys so
so much how you gonna say that so I went
up to the security I was like bro it's
just you saying that they stayed quiet
II didn't know what to say so I told
them how they go don't don't speak to
like you know any of you guys like that
because if you do I mean end up just
like kicking you out of your own place
out of your own building that you worked
in because we had the venue rented for
us you know the atom solid show
throughout the whole day and I didn't
want anyone in there that's saying
disrespectful things to you guys so I
waited a little bit more and then once
again he was rude to you guys just do
disrespectful for no reason no reason at
all like you guys didn't do nothing bad
and he there being disrespectful so I
ended up kicking about and I told him to
literally leave I'm so so sorry
Toronto to the few people that were
around there and seen that happen I just
do not like when people are
disrespectful like that if you're in
security guard it doesn't mean you have
to show that like you own the world you
hey you'll get out there like relax man
chillax
it just means chill you're just there
just to be there just in case you're not
taking over controlling everyone other
that Toronto was amazing everyone to
meet agree it was literally so much fun
I'm so sorry once again for you bring
that negative vibe but just got to meet
it because a lot of you guys we got a
well what would you call him dumb oh my
god why would you say that it's just
what he did it what he said to a doobie
gang to my family was so disrespectful
and I don't accept that in this property
in this hood seriously Toronto is like
one of the top top cities after this
whole tour I'm gonna give you guys I
don't know top 10 or top 5 largest city
thingy so hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey thank you guys
so so much for 11 suppose you live in
Dearborn tomorrow but Chicago the
Minneapolis the Dallas and then you send
into the tour is done I love you guys so
so much
take care air base I'll owe you fucking
all day killing are not here in the
hallway
I think we use cry yeah that's what they
all say I'm about to go missus picking
out
