hey God what's up with you today hope
you all having an amazing amazing day
what you are happy happy yeah yeah hey
guys we're about to surprise another
birthday girl here and quaked and I'm
sitting down here I'm at her place she
has no clue I think either sister her
mom was here and she's about to bring
her out so I'm hiding legit here not
ready huh
hi doing good okay what's your name do
dude
- I do okay how you doing oh good nice
to meet yo subset of lug
hi what's up hi let me guess your name
Jenna yeah come on okay what's right
hey iris but I'm very serious
nice to meet you again hey are you
jealous Jolla somebody told me that
there is a surprise coming and when I
say detractors vanish hydrido yeah no
clue what about you no clue what about
you okay
you go Sarah they all came to the show
on Monday sada she's gonna come today
she wants to see me roast NAS right yeah
right I'm gonna roast nice big time
doing about it we're gonna get him see
shout out to Lena what's up what's up
thank you guys
what's the call this I want to do a
review to the song not long ago
unforgettable onion your usual if you
memory to them careful Alex can I be
sure you're sure yeah he doesn't are we
so yeah sure yes collection look up the
letters
hi guys about to have lunch and a few
waiting till Rima is slim
come guys I followed all you guys on
musically so you guys going to see it my
musical en you guys
I don't know miss vigor it's Amador
coming you are making me now you guys
got so sweet last laugh hi
what's the hi guys don't give a huge
shout out to you guys I just want your
house Jenna Jolla Salomon diamond sada
movie thank you guys so so much for
everything and so see you guys was so
amazing so fun - Reema Wow we did how
much fun do you have a knack al are a
little bit let it go on
Oh
honey
guys I want to give you chatted about to
you wait thank you guys so much you guys
helped me out so much I appreciate
everything you guys probably does I'm
going to count it right here the
platform It's A Wrap nobody doesn't even
know what is 5q either nobody look come
over Brooks Wheelan like not McGarry
together Matt thank you thank you I
appreciate thank you mom Thank You Man
thank you about who found their home
I'll show you give you shadows homies
right here
you guys are glad we're home on I'm
missing more dessert and he promised
actually come back of course I'm looking
like a great time soon again next I'll
come and see you guys I shall I can okay
yeah I haven't do of the first to do
brought 2474 here killing of all of the
boys and I take away your hooker look
it's a gift free my gosh you got a
life-sized doll you love every month
with this amazing kill why I'm so good
with names I'm trying to memorize your
names I ready I knew it
yeah all right Jude yeah I don't tell me
those all right um you guys like to say
uh you serve Jesus and and me me yes I
got a right oh you're getting on over
that one is that the other one me luck
going to be in it
hey what's up how's it going hi with
that I was gonna go for it yeah with me
is Donna yes like nice awesome
oh nice nice thank you and two-tier
payments and you have like two million
subscribers I wanted to send a message
to the world saying how the children
were suffering because they have bombs
every day falling on them they're
terrified they can't even sleep it's
really terrifying and since I've been to
plays even living this claim to the role
is terrifying and everybody just like
kids about the others but nobody
everything's about the kids the kids are
the ones that suffer the most they don't
know what to do and the reason Cynthia
there was like this chemical attack and
all of the kids were suffering and just
hard for them even hard listening
listening to the sounds and everything
is just hard
as amazing literally so amazing hi
thumbs up for North you're amazing
seriously thank you so much that's a
round of applause ten o'clock
yes sounds amazing
adieu meeting the first things first
that I want to say is a huge huge thank
you to quake you guys are amazing your
hospitality is all the chains there's
nothing I'm gonna have to means to quit
and marry someone from Quaid's and just
live and quit because you guys are soul
mate I've never seen anyone like you
guys you guys are so unique you guys a
soul respectful nice and you guys have a
clean heart so I appreciate you guys so
much and I cannot wait to come back
inshallah really really soon right now
we're at the gym we're heading to Dubai
in like 3-4 hours so we're just going to
work out for this same shape then after
that we're going to head to Dubai I'm in
session all over 20 pounds
I realize I can't do you pound some of
the exposing stuff limbs over 200 pounds
well I checked the losers did a scale in
our room and I checked as I do I don't
go to the gym bro I have to and I'm
trying to see what Academy I have to do
a food in Fort Collins girl the crazy
thing is you know hitting is flood so
it's like it's just like a whole fit
like if you gain weight he's done like
he does because his name is Flint I'm
saying let me call this bull a man but
we call everyone called him Flint and if
he turns thick I mean we can never call
this I'm looking at fabric all thick so
we need to make sure he stays in shape
and that's part I like that
motivation inspiration determination
overlay you got the book you want to say
204 pounds no no yes then do it you got
this one
cool don't fart don't horse oh oh she
got older let's get a photo we want to
be I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you gonna be Oh
baby you can have anything you want to
me and I can't replace but baby I pried
it be
