go no they can message me hey guys
what's up into the yang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing me you all should be having an
amazing happy day I just got done with
the third sold-out show of Quaid's I'm
excel you guys all the info and
everything about it and what happened
later on I didn't get to vlog because I
was kind of in a kind of down emotional
mood but i'ma let you guys know about
that
later at the end of the vlog so right
now just want to keep it happy we're
heading back to the car right now and
give you shout out not fit without not
be able to do that I made that not a
little sense that the merch is sold out
and we have another quake show tomorrow
and another divine show how this hold on
I thought we got enough applause what it
really these guys define 10 per person
well a Levite is an enormous system a
Monday and everyone's wrong with yo I
need t-shirts we go I think I think we
do need any one is the best one everyone
literally gets on it but all of them are
completely sold out but we're going to
see how it goes you have the man to baby
up all right no good guys know a good
long granitic day he look at he little
Keith demanding so sweet but we're gonna
go up when we go eat and we can go with
sponsor learn again Barcelona you both
like Mozilla and like well community in
Barcelona
that's my name our team three more let's
go put it what kind of shirt you have
one mmm I said no how do you know
I do a quake
I love you guys more than Clarice look
at them my man I do villain myself quake
I don't these guys roll so you like a
bag my life he'll win it will how only
every show what all right but are you
Kim Lee Orioles gone mad
sorry and then you do sleepy stuff like
going to County man I'm sorry man I so
sorry I promise only two or three more
days to go
holy a whole cake you're not gonna fuck
you know I'm sorry no hey Malik me tell
you let's quit
what are you going I love your email I
got relieving through another secret
entrance because it's a mouthful of blog
a blog that speak your editors destiny
and now I take the blame everyone is
going to see and I need some sorry sorry
cutie
it's all wrong sorry sonica was up some
what happened to they thought well that
hire DJ when I see my dad came out and
introduced real estate today adult man
he kills I've ever yeah
killed it guilt elegant you good just
like it very good this one you have next
time well yes guys we got wrong and we
can escape making escape make an escape
Rima oh how you doing Caillou are
doggish as we drove over what I do be
careful yeah hey what's up oh my gosh
what this is how the coders happy no one
here even if we have a seat ranches we
still get caught yes don't know where oh
my god
hi guys we did got in the car I want to
give you chat out some bed janaki for
giving us this car right here like it
looks so dope look at this like a hotel
room in a car mashallah thank you guys
oh wait private jet in a car bro this is
like my telescope and literally like the
seats are like better than the airplanes
just sewed up the defeat me with shirt
yeah thank everyone right here you gotta
burn it don't burn it so I'm gonna take
it off whose I'm gonna show him your
shirt
oh no mom donations in America
aren't you gonna do what's going to do
really well I give you a better one how
about that Oh
anyways we're going to go eat right now
then after that we'll see you guys in
the hotel slim is dying to play
playstation for that the PlayStation 4
in here Blue Zones literally something
like a whole torso you're going to see
in his vlog he's like a whole little
league detailed detailed sport on this
so I'm dying to play a game what do you
even play soccer bro yeah I'm going to
follow the game the color looks when
it's closed literally looks like us just
look like for a new player like a load
of faces of zero sum total of that right
Jeff hey that was fighting we are in
TGIF in Quail right now we're about to
have some food and remark she is getting
what are you getting chicken but it's
called chicken fingers so she's gonna
eat chicken fingers you know that I just
think that you certainly know anything
about them yes it is a chicken finger
those come in case you use your net here
is open I wasn't joking no you're right
we got a fool in here like a nice happy
that was awesome
it's like a buyout I was like what's up
resuming Hank so I just got back to my
hotel here in Queens and I'm here to
talk to you guys about what happened in
the quad show because it literally was
so amazing and this is the first time
actually like full-on cried at the show
I don't know I never really cry at a
show because I'm always so happy and I'm
always so thankful for everything you
guys always do but today it was just I
don't know I just felt the moment where
like I was just really happy and
thankful to have you know four sold-out
back-to-back-to-back-to-back shows and
quoits
sold-out shows and it's like this like
history's you guys do not know quick you
guys made history and seen you guys save
money I don't I don't Adams and you guys
didn't even let me speak that's what
made me cry so next time don't do that
again in the show I'm just joking you
guys can do that but I think that that
moment cuz I've never gotten that Adam
I've always gotten to Adam like behind
blonde backstage but I got it this time
right in front of you guys and you guys
did it stop it was just was like a
moment like I have to I'm not felt so I
feel so happy and I started cheering and
a happiness so thank you guys so much
for your love and support and I truly
appreciate everything that you guys do
cuase was seriously so amazing I cannot
believe this is the third show ready
tomorrow give me the last show thank you
guys so much for the gifts also you guys
gave so much give so much food
oh whether you do scary things
you scare the crowd with that always
watching you man it's like a just behind
you always scary for sickness well we
got some gifts right here looks like a
gallon of life literally maybe not a
gallon of sign but it's just like so
much slime maybe I should go over this
is vocem how about the Trump nightly
going on hit all the butter go rule one
had a open
that's crazy this is slime like what
he's doing does it is it Amy did it
ah this big extremist yo this biggest
Kong
yo what up ah you just think is reason
ah this is disgusting oh this is
disgusting man
ah this is nasty injury oh did it it I'm
a bitch oh my god yo and what the hell
does this dude is flying in love
Oh imma get it what the Freak go look at
this oh my god
what's the freeze this is actually so
satisfying
I must still get a bad guys thumbs up
you're gonna get DJ its bag look at this
please you oh my god I'm gonna get a
chill oh my god I need another shower yo
one of my gold chain I feel like I'm
Terry go monster
what the Freak yo que yo me what the
hell you oh my god oh my god OMG sky the
comics climbers in the Cygnus look at
this this is insane whoa go never from a
household
you're the thing that's a little bit I'm
daddy Joe karate - our rope we broke up
cover man Acamas gonna call it if you
leave I'm gonna get you back harder
quick
I know bro I can get on one album people
oh my god me and Alan you really good
leader oh my god as I'm paying row it's
not it's not on me one thing it's like a
monster
Oh is they hurt Oh outside so you see
Boop I know the perfect
oh my aura because doorman Joe but one
of my scooty flippers broke through the
last one on earth with a bro that's it
just come down please no you keep up
with universal language the second floor
how do you switch okay talk because of
all the help of all the heart we have
what the fuck is my role help me go girl
please why making it down with you and
help you god oh my god oh actually how
to move man come on I believe he'll
arrange it
it's sloppy what you get from I don't
know if is Road it was not a little over
over the time oh you have an order
oh you know you're being recorded right
why no you nothing you got the shit
natural I'm laughing what there's
nothing happy you know
but why do you come to ours is no number
two why do you cut down trees to do
number two at all
nah come on oh come on oh man understand
brochet oh my god Rob um the caramel
rolled again not the Rose I think I
think it's your sweater oh well you know
I saw a room back laughs yo was it it's
kind of change well oh my god whoa Dan
huh you Adam you sleeping with that
chain on yeah
so some scared to not forget it's Levin
nah I'm not solo and roll guys I'm line
the longest line this will happen if not
sync time together
- I will annoy - I need help it look I
need help that's why the whole we go
help me get her off
Leslie cable photo me piece it do me
gang I just took a shower I'm finally
clean oh my god slime is literally so
nasty but I'm getting it DJ it's right
back I sought to say thank you guys so
much what's there for a local support I
just want to apologize for having the
short block today I was just in like an
emotional mood and just like there's so
much stuff going on and I had so much
literally so much little bit going on
mad add it up and it was like and like a
mountain that exploded and all exploded
in the show and having to
was was happy moments I just want to
thank you guys so much for everything
because I wouldn't be here without you
guys so thank you so so much for
everything and once again I'm sorry for
a short vlog but if you guys still did
enjoy the show blog and if you guys
still don't mind the show blog make sure
you give it a thumbs up let's see if you
can reach 50,000 thumbs up in the short
of life but thumbs up and do me gang let
me see every single one you got thumbs
it up this videos so we can reach that
record for Sherlock I love you guys so
much thank you guys once again I'm see
you guys tomorrow by the way tomorrow
I'm doing something really really dope
I'm gonna show you guys let me give you
in it right now so I don't know I'll
give you hit okay I'm gonna give you
guys hit as long as guys give this vlog
and thumbs up so I got something for
Rima right here and like you see this
this is the Emirates the flight
attendant the flight attendant clothes
for Emirates so I'm gonna make Reema
wear it then what we had to do buy in
the flight Reema is going to pretend to
be one of the flight attendants like a
little five-year-old so we're going to
see how it goes gonna be hilarious and I
cannot wait to do that and yeah see you
guys tomorrow do we take care always
tell you guys about totally honest I
love you guys take care ah I like baby
believe me who you wanna be
I know your father will be part of or
you're gonna be the donut
buddy tell you what you gonna be Oh baby
you can have anything you want some
anything
