like hey guys what's up is do me gang I
hope you're all having an amazing day
because we're having an amazing day so
if we're having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy we are
heading day two of quake show right now
so starting in like ten minutes
today I'm applying the crowds imma show
you guys being ready turn up ready let's
do the details it's not a given
hi guys we're here back and a lot of
them go to the school VBS was at the
bottom
hey so you tried out the VBS and queen
thank you guys for me love is before I
appreciate you guys you guys so cool
hold on thank you guys
let me guess your name is I is Rima um
another room over there
don't tell me too far right there it's a
birthday happy birthday papa
they made this dobre Adam be more do the
same who told you okay
during the cave to the balcony today
there you have no clue no idea
depending on the way
Oh
zooming gank just got done with the show
oh my god they took quake was even
louder and yesterday was loud so loud it
was insane tamela's I'm sick what there
lies you know okay this was in little
head much fun today with acquaintance
crazy I love you guys so much fun this
is the best part like our whole job I
want to thank you guys for even like
making us you know making it vs position
I appreciate you guys and to meet them
always talk about like how thankful you
have to thank you guys so much for
everything that you guys do with us I
appreciate it literally I appreciate
everything and thank you guys wait
council meeting we can take another
flowers a new beginning before I show
you guys it's prank I'm going to explain
to you guys what exactly happened
because this was so random and not
didn't do no intro or nothing like that
so I was visiting a family here equates
it was her birthday Foofa happy birthday
Foofa and I was going to their house and
somehow they got police like legit real
police to pull up over and pretend we
were in trouble so this is the first
clip
for something
why the police stopped you from
capriciously okay it's not okay okay so
I know everyone is this woman stay on
top yeah finish out on the bed like that
I can transfer I know I haven't got one
with me
really no that's what now I'll have a
winner on the first of all I don't run
the factory weather got the bucket first
time when you have instability not only
I have no batteries no hotel no one is
the whole term what is the life I would
legit so scared because I didn't have my
passport I mean so I didn't know what
was gonna happen my heart was beating so
so fast I was panicking one thing I do
not mess with is police I don't really
mess with police because I don't I don't
like getting involved in like any
trouble or anything like that so I was
really really scared specially if it's
in a different country that's never
really been supplies you shout out for
them for being so nice they see that Rio
was with me so they cut the prank really
short he didn't know where he was gonna
be with me so when they seen her there
they ended up cutting the prank really
short so he shout out to you guys you
know go crazy dream was like I don't I
thought you were going to get arrested
so it was really really crazy if I went
longer I don't know I would have went
pretty much the same your other you sure
can you understand what this really no
he said by the fuckin can you understand
what the same
good you guys um I guess you got back
you know came out since the prince
I couldn't blog the police but he ended
up being so so cool so nice he felt so
bad frequency shout-out to you guys
thank you guys so much and after that we
want to have dinner and we met this
crazy crazy funny hilarious dude who has
own TV show
and he's pretty note here in Queens his
name he's been hindi he's a comedian and
he came through and yeah he was
literally insane and so fun you guys
going to see him right now in the next
shot
so can I thank you guys so much Oh
nobody got cody's yeah it was there so
Jesus is gonna hey so good I feel like
Ramallah fucking you know fucking guy
yet
no need you stupid and the fuckin DSS Oh
tons of fucking know what's your name
there's a fucking name yeah you will I'm
home I think I'm in a while I love my
drinking yeah yeah I got a mission for
you
his name is Ben hindi I heard of you
before yeah yeah I heard of you before
he would look at them as normal hydrogen
before you either end the gumbo yes a
lot of you will told me hey yeah you did
asset values flip in the future giving
our money
let's go to NOLA
it's called Oh Steve Lukather a cha-cha
marketing school nor a bogey gonna do
the middle
the piston work out and shooting another
novel I'm going somewhere
also if you guys can the homie would
cost sure he started this go fund me
right here to help this kid out in
Pakistan who has no arms and no legs and
his birthday I believe in a couple days
and the goal is to reach seven thousand
dollars in is so close so huge shout out
everyone who donated if you guys want
you can go to help ten go fund me.com
helped envied and you guys could donate
whatever you guys want anything will
help and it'll help them out so much
because you guys can get in prosthetic
legs and arms only ten years old so
thank you guys so much
love you bye guys we're heading back so
it sounds good
each other but and not super happy
birthday once again and thank you guys
for the spinners they got game look you
can do a really cool trick guys give me
that same she gave the spinner yeah hi
cool so you like this watch some of the
spinners and wait this is like it's
really big like whatever you're bored
you just use this and you spin it in
this show so I'm put it on use on your
finger don't put on Reema called aztl√°n
punished alright oh we got it look at
this look at this guy's hey guys we got
it ha yes who can do that who can go
down spinners Reema's going to take your
spinners to New York City and everyone
in New York in like what is that watch
they're going to get big these spinners
are going to get big in New York City
but cousin that had an amazing amazing
day other than being pranked
it was literally insane I got prey by
bunch of you guys but thank you guys so
much for everything a hospitality it was
literally so amazing I'm an end of life
here because I'm so tired
thank you for the food and everything
say thank you thank you thank hope you
guys enjoyed today's show I'm gonna see
you guys tomorrow if you guys did enjoy
this vlog make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go tag I'll see you guys tomorrow
take this take care please
Oh baby believe me who you wanna be I
know your father will be better for
you're gonna be the don't let anybody
say your keep gonna baby oh baby just
gonna have anything you it's amazing
