you can have the head will be on my hey
guys what's up every day oh you all
happy gonna make Jake because I'm having
an amazing they look so funny baby you
are an amazing hi there I finally got my
retainers and now I found like this
so you gonna sound like this forever
probably more than you ready for today
so yeah you gonna turn up yeah you sure
yeah remar you ready yeah what are you
gonna do tonight
again what else I'm saying what are you
gonna sing I'm talking about
did you energy and watch me whether I'm
ready and let it go ready yeah I'm ready
are you ready I'm ready I like that
sweater here thank you thank you I look
sick adidas did us adidas you know let
me slide down cuz okay right if we'd be
ready I'm ready rusher yeah I do
remember you tonight show me crazy
you sure crazy bro alright especially
guys he's gonna call a surprise yet
surprised to it ready dozen you ready
Wow hey do me gang there's one more hour
and the show is on we're about to leave
in like ten minutes
the place is 30 minutes away I have
around 16 people of the Addams Family
that are coming today
I'm so so nervous seriously I'm so
nervous I feel like I'm about to cry
because my whole literally my whole
family is here today so today it's for
my family
today's for my dad today's from our mom
today from our whole Addams family for
their do me ganc family I have to kill a
few guys so let's see how it goes
look how nervous I am a freaking vein is
on my forehead that's how nervous I am I
gonna head to the venue now we're gonna
go see Jim and Dina pilot and then we're
ready to go for today you guys ready I
hope you guys ready New York City show
shut it down Mar City NYC let's do it
I'll see you guys in next shot
we are on our way to the show right now
there's three cars we have three cards
that's heading to the show sixteen cable
this is literally insane I cannot wait
I'm so so nervous I don't know how to
feel man I'm like like every emotion
that's going on with you right now
inside my stomach and I'm trying to hold
it I'm trying to stay strong and just
still kill us to you guys soon how do
you feel you're nervous you're not
nervous I wish I was like you I can't
believe what's happening we have to take
a yellow taxi to get to the front
because there's a larger spot and we
can't let no one see by the og right
here man he's a G look at this we have
almost 16 people we have almost 60
people in the taxi
help us up we just made any we committed
earlier and watch news about the coveted
baby lawmakers I'm done you ready bro
yeah you'll kill it today yes you sure
yeah oh yeah DJ it's in the building you
want to go wrongful folks I'm going to
do it yes this one through your stops
could use this money ready
Tina do good Tommy Nerissa you gotta
sleepyhead Holden right you have two man
here was ready so right in package come
on
there you go let's do it yeah
I wonder the network Julian sighs
whispers you're the best 100 years of
workers comp person to the left of the
difference can be presented for any job
we are the only go here what's up you
fill it up man I've been going inside
the man without fabricated salary he
would give me press you're chilling how
did you ready Oh Terry oh this is crazy
oh yeah tonight you're doing it about to
go on stage I'm so nervous
seriously I'm so like I don't know so
we're gonna see how long really must
answer on my weight we're gonna see how
ready ready let's go scared nervous God
does everybody want to be famous but
nobody wants put the work in
and
Oh
my god you just got dumped the first row
in the first meeting the second show you
like so far
it was insane ready miss Boston and you
doing so good well you're such a crybaby
you're crying
wait wait a new beginning I am finally
home I finished two shows and two long
meeting rates I had so much fun with you
guys today was like a history in the
books my whole family on stage everyone
who came through thank you guys so so
much thank you guys for we love your
support that gives everything Lew be
talking to you guys was the best I
cannot wait to see you guys again next
year in New York City it's always going
to be a shutdown every single year I'm
going to have to go show with a whole
Addams Family so I hope everything what
you guys are ready every single year and
I hope every see what you guys get a
chance to experience it and come through
once again you guys were amazing today
if you guys did enjoy this like make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey thank you guys so much for your
love and support
i'ma see you guys tomorrow do me getting
we have Kenna but I'm going to stay one
day in New York City just to chill to
family and then I said I we have
Montreal Canada Dearborn Chicago
Minneapolis Dallas Houston so be ready
funding on your cities make sure you
guys come through it's about to get
crazy
i'ma see you guys tomorrow take care
peace I like okay but in all day
guillain-barr√© not here in the hallway
husbands need your cry yeah that's what
they all say I'm about to go listen
