oh okay so I must start this video off
by saying that nas burned my t-shirt he
burned my jersey he burned the Arsenal
part and I didn't know he's like such a
die-hard fan of whatever team he is
Liverpool yeah like I didn't even watch
soccer I got the shirt because it said
Fly Emirates this dude legit burned it
man he burned the whole thing in the
hotel stand this is the first time
someone doesn't fire the hotel room and
it's not fun hey guys what's up for
doing yang oh wow basically so today we
are in Kuwait right now first show
starts in like an hour
but we're here doing this video if you
guys do not know last week
slim Dead Season 2 video one of the
Muslim name challenge and I'm pretty
much are pretty much a lot we've been
doing the Muslim Lane challenge since
like last year we did two videos last
year that's the first video we did
together ever really fresh out no way
challenge no way that was the first flat
up challenge ever done so today today
we're gonna do the same thing as how it
goes Muslim challenge I so from A to Z
the letters A to Z you have to say a
Muslim name starting with a and then you
go D the C is D and E and then you have
three seconds to answer this time we're
going to give it two seconds because it
you know makes it makes it more
challenging so we have 2 seconds of use
of different such left hand I'm making
it something we're going to do it now
we're doing stuff in him what's up to
the neck we can do slaps in the neck
going on for an exponent perform room
this is a substance it yeah we're gonna
do slaps in the hands and also the loser
at the end is given to a huge dare not
today but in another vlog and there is
going to be something that you guys are
going to choose so it can be something
dressed up as a woman in a Muslim
country and go up and try to pick up
when yes that'll be a shake huh that's
extreme cuz so let me get over card and
try to win the challenge deal my dad
here you
Gillian's I fell too bad Kouga if you're
down here i'ma show video like sorry
someone it doesn't have to do that it
can be any there that you guys choose in
the comments below
let's start the game and let's let's
have some fun Muslim name challenge
thumbs up and do again who can go first
me our physician what stick it so fast
slow down bro rock-paper-scissors a
shield so speak before he even likes
anything he's like not all goes on our
position our disposition it's like it's
like the foot leg is like a video messed
up that's what I don't like like it's a
brain would date today that's my mom
Stephanie this boy sorry my dad a phone
call um wallet boy doing your daddy's
boy mmm
if you order now you'll kill me if I do
that they still kill me i superglued
siblings try to interject dog barking at
the wrong you look I think this
extinction is you bang it is like Rima
Maria always lose
I swear who I do you observe what what
does nothing she gets in the whole play
mice like say Robin and she is every
single tries to make citizens is not on
track tonight you're not good practice a
little something like taking a shower
like a this piece that ceaseless I got
my name's resident your Eddie's feel hey
I'd not be baton see cotton the time
your name yes listen call that serves
for the king come on a cake on the
principal you telephone that's not I
mean Kota it's not going to change bro
yeah but some people to see do get up
right now you can go on Twitter and look
up coat that with feed and you can see
if there's an actual person tweet them
what do you treat them Union oh man
whatever myself abstraction ah yeah not
bad baba me Daniel E - because easiest
cuddle
I was looking a mess but cool man why
does my wife know
let's go go to shop and lick my you
licking my hand
a German that can look like up yeah G
your target jump reason so my brain
screen you're looking in here you can
say same name as obvious but I guess a
platoon uh come oh oh oh
give me so much money I'll do H Hana I
can tell you there's no no no if you
wrap sheer beverages are about two
seconds dangers here are two seconds two
seconds one two after ibraheem the man
and you just think that thing you think
is a letter J key thing as doing a
single objector
Jenna I made such as a okay clue what
hello to get elevated ocon LM mr Luke
look out and so then the key is you gave
anything no something I have a
hypothesis
I will do that sir I please no please
PLEASE monster okay yes
servoz masala Rito sacimata solid like
my chocolate one this is guys expecting
practical ready
Wow some of the babies it's like hate
that we're gonna give a big slap and
attend to this moment
yes well water sizes come on so what I
do we have a Miletus and Oh sound huh
Osama I think that P if I get P putting
them talking down what the heck are you
saying that is really quite normal for
me
totally yes no put them away that's the
socrates roll let us talk it is
important by the way guys I showed you
guys reading beam of life now you keep
the shirt is okey good roll please bro
dude is passionate hand kind of not like
you know you cannot be for a game you
got cheeto guy fun listening wife image
guys we gotta take a coconut boat I got
that white is that your white boy go to
Eddie's
say Salta look you keep a cute cube
youtube I will can't defeat how cute hey
does your King batters oh and Q which I
said no thank you
I don't know it was you know only that
cute thank you I think that's cute bow
not necessary
laughs you guys are fabulous on poor
human if you I'll show your who's cute
QR are still robot 1x are sorry laughing
I'm now some unease I think some on
shooting well more or less
exactly my real essence I think it was a
mighty God you give me that skinny
bottom a little issue in both its left
not a university system your own book
rules up I never do again 100 dollars if
you know that's into a gravity oh yah ha
ha
thank you God she says acts Xena love
you can
I think you know that you can take my
fingers today you can do yourself or you
can steal my things if you like you just
approve button to each other you read
why nothin huh
yeah just leave Lynn Canada this is what
I think you know the tribes benefit in
one huh another always be ready we're
talking about not I can't nobody can't
risk yesterday ready
they always be ready or what are the
dangers though because we're setting up
another video you gave me to kiss me
taking again what is our time we get
there II was thinking older I got we're
gonna end the video here hope you guys
let me go today all the window
treatments victory give a thumbs up and
no Turkey we going to show right now for
quite ma yeah thank you guys no more
evidence how do you guys want to check
out slim you also see it down below I
say oh the basketball courts will see
you guys I'm tomorrow do we get take
care and peace so baby please be who you
wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna be oh baby you can have anything
you want some anything
