do be gay I know this is weird but I
felt like sharing it with you guys so I
woke up I took a shower and then I
decided to go get a haircut so once you
go get a haircut and then I came back
and I have to take another shower
because I took a haircut and I had hair
all over me and now I'm going to the
boxing gym and after the boxing gym I'm
gonna come back and take a shower and
then I'm gonna go out with the guys and
by the time I come back before I sleep
I'm gonna shower again this is the most
showers that I had a day for showers in
a day that's insane man
anyways what's up you're dooming I hope
you're having an amazing name because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day I'm feeling good
today I'm feeling great the weather is
beautiful outside I'm here my best
friend slim live weather huh nothing
adorable
well I always I'm just scared man you
know I'm saying why he's always scared
and on the alert man relax
we Gucci alright I'm gonna say I'm gonna
say it's a dimension a dimension I'm
gonna say a little bit of all right all
right means them we're kind of scared
and worried because we legit have
stalkers around like legit stalkers like
people following us and they're like
texting us letting us know like they
know exactly where we're at and it's not
even funny it's not even cool because
whoever this person is we might know who
it is whatever it is you're gonna get in
really big trouble like seriously you do
not want to do this and it's so
disrespectful like that's what I'm
knowing about it just disrespectful man
have some manners that's it that's all
to say I'm not gonna mention nothing
else I just want to go to the boxing gym
way to chill today I'm gonna show you
guys how many punches I can do in 60
seconds come on how many punches you
think I could do some things that you're
fast broke so I don't know possibilities
I don't know you tell me huh I'm going
for that
it's these seconds all right 60 seconds
we are going for at least two 300 yeah
we'll see I don't know I don't know I
never tried this so we're gonna see how
it goes we're gonna go downstairs and
see what's up let's do it you me yeah
wait hola
do not forget to subscribe and do me
yank do not forget to thumbs up and put
you notifications on today's gonna be a
wild wild day leaving the comments below
right now how many punches do you think
I can do in one minute and then after
that when it happens let's see if you
has a rice leave a comment below right
now don't cheat no cheating
hey no cheating cheating is not good do
be gangster me I'm about to go get some
brunch before we hit
Jim we gotta eat something healthy like
I still don't know if I'm gonna fight or
not but I'm just I'm just doing this
assay fit now and like I don't know if
ki is gonna fight logan most likely they
probably are but i'm still gonna be here
and see what's up there so maybe i'm not
gonna lead I made a video like I swear I
called out you know if we're gonna fight
when I said Jake polo but it was long
kiss I was trying to take Jake Paul
because he's scared of Logan man yo this
traffic is too insane man oh my god what
you guys don't sees when I've lied with
my arm out with so many people and so
much people traffic in the city I have
to put my hands down like a woman like
go cross this up so we just got done
eating out of all the places we ended up
going to Chipotle man like Chipotle slit
really diploma liberal buy one get one
free coupon but now about the head to
the gym and we're gonna see what's up
let's see how many punches I can do in
60 seconds I'm kind of nervous man I
don't know if I can meet the expert I
don't know we'll see man was I'll see on
a neck strap hi guys we just got to the
gym we're in a boxing gym we're like in
the weirdest boxing gym ever like
there's lights and stuff here look at
this looks pretty dope I need to stretch
first and everything I'm ready to do the
60 second punch ready I'm striking high
expectation you know I'm cool slow I
mean it's at least a thousand a thousand
you just a two people at least down you
said talk to your hundred before at
least 2,000 I will see yourself come on
guys where did he go let's do it I slew
the seconds on your phone ready for this
bro ready right now cuz getting it
tomorrow to smilla all right guys some I
should do it like this right
- you can't draw like a hummingbird it's
like hi guys so I'm gonna do this and
then after that I'm probably an
accountant at the end when I have to
replay back to video accounting so all
right I'm here goes three two one action
there's no sis 110 seconds inside it's
almost something
you know that's the bastard cake said
they don't stop
that's it for
that last point was it part of the
buzzer beater but oh my shit was pretty
fast I know why Adam knows best do me
gang I just finished an hour-and-a-half
workout I didn't really want to show all
my workout but I'm not proud of myself
for those punches and I didn't feel like
I can do so much more padded always I
feel like I could do so much more
I'm not happy about myself I don't know
how much I did yet I'm still not happy
I'm gonna go home and count it we're
gonna see how much it is right now we're
gonna head back
I want to yourself come on do me gang
we're back to the hotel so you guys do
know I know we have a lot of meetings
tomorrow and Friday also the tickets
come out March 10th the UK for East
Indonesia Malaysia the tickets come out
also I'm still not happy with myself
like this is my first time ever seeing
how many punches I do in 60 seconds like
the first time ever I've done it in my
life and this is like seven how long
have we been working out and I'm in a
week bro like I know about a week like
four or five days like we would
consistent for four or five days and
slim was just telling me like I know I
don't like yeah he was well you can say
what he's my competition I said I've
seen a video of kiss I doing this before
you did it yeah you kind of did it
before a video before I don't know how
much he did I wouldn't know who won if
you're like 300 over 300 let's see the
video
all right all right so first of all he's
about to do the same thing that I did
but this is after his fight so he must
have had like 4 to 5 months of training
so he has 4 to 5 months of training I
count he should easily get more than
like 5 600 like I'm worried if my things
lest he should easily get a 5 600 if you
had if you worked out for that long
already like let's see what
okay no that ain't not bad okay and this
is harder than it looks so I give him
props for that it's harder than look man
it's not a punches you going hundred oh
nice going down okay this is tiring have
to tell ya yeah but I see evil wins like
I don't know just want to see you either
I know it's a competition but he's been
talking a lot of crap let's see man
let's see okay okay he's done he's done
hanging allows done - yeah she kills you
go but damn this after four months of
training yes hello this is after four
months of training like what the hell
laughs at four months training Ellen I
guess final form bro you know I'm saying
like rusty you're like in your first
form yeah like this was like my like a
few days of working out I did he should
have easily notice you haven't how much
it ended would let's see
I was calling like Fadi he should do
like five six hundred 3:46 grandma yeah
not bad but not bad but like after like
four months of working out it should
easily get like double man let's see
mine let's watch mine I'm not shy
alright now you guys probably know how
much it is but let's I'm about to find
out what it is right now do me getting
all I'm thinking about is the shower
that I'm gonna have right now and then
meeting up with the guys fouseytube he's
coming in a few he's gonna be in New
York City for a few days we're gonna be
chillin we also have meetings summer
infinity meetings already no more wintry
heads up so watch I speak on my name we
have to do me a I'm trying to count the
punches and it's so hard man look look
imagine trying to count these look ready
oh my god I feel like it's so hard to
count these man what the heck I need to
slow motion the video and count it one
by one not come back to you guys you
guys probably ready to know how much it
is but I need to find out how much it is
if I did more than 346 can decide let's
see I'm after you boy man stop talking
your ish I'm not even talking man I
apologize right I can't curse and talk
issue nothing like that's not me say
quiet and just let the let the action
you know do the talking for me so yeah
let's see yeah we got the homie what
cause here was good
it's so hard for me to count man I think
the editor of a cotton ball telling you
this was quick look at your hands bro we
got a slow motion in though to count it
let's see you like that
slow motion jiggles count I got it I'm
into twenty by twenty twenty by twenty
no way okay I like that smart this was
just smart man this is like just more hi
guys so what we counts it is four
hundred and seven punches in one minute
oh my god count it back okay sighs Ben
knew this before
he's been trained for how long for like
four five months and that no first
attempt I know it's not oh my god I know
miss gonna be a rapper I'm telling you
if this fight goes down I know if I work
off like four five months out easy try
to get six hundred like he doesn't he's
I know he's under me he's not he said
you the first one I told me he was
dodging me I was text him on the side I
told her everything happen I know I
called it out way before you haven't
everyone tells me that everyone called
it out that he's been dodging me and
went to log in for the money fight that
had a big gun when he fight he once he's
a man fight you he won't everything's he
could we don't wanna fight you first
right I know I'm sorry even if you lose
this which he will either lose lose
involve using that's what I said loses
hello again looks better
loosen Sydney you'll be like no man what
the hell yeah you got you somebody
shorter I know yeah I'm lighter somebody
there's like Oh him you ready said in
this in this video soon as I go if I
lose Tommy's doing he's already bigger
than me so he's already than you know
excuse me I know I'm not gonna no
excuses excuses it's all good in the
hood I'm on the editor is gonna count it
to make sure like how much exactly it is
but I mean will cause counted for 407
407 all grand I'm still not happy myself
I'll try to get fired I should get fined
if you work out for a bit wrong tell you
yeah I know again five hundred man I
guess you tired after a while so if I
work on my stamina I can easily get like
five hundred easily easily but um ah
yeah do me I'm gonna end up live here
hope you guys enjoyed if you did make
sure you've it a thumbs up and go Turkey
right now about to have a meeting
literally a nighttime meeting me what
kind of slim I'm a users coming nas is
gonna be a whole freaking a long night
for the do me gang this is why I have
new
thank you so much for helping me out
editing the videos I can get so much
done I appreciate it so much and do Liam
see you guys tomorrow
do not forget to subscribe do not forget
to thumbs up I'll see you tomorrow take
care and I like
