we have one hour 20 minutes ago you want
from New York City oh hey guys what's up
in Douma gang I hope you're having an
amazing it because I'm having an amazing
day so far I'm having an amazing day you
all should be having an amazing happy
morning it's 7 a.m. right now and we're
gonna have a super long day me Rima my
mom my dad slim his mom his dad we are
all heading to Kuwait and it's going to
be an 18-hour journey on flight I am so
sleepy and I'm so tired but I'm also so
excited because I've never traveled with
my dad for so long probably like 10 11
years so my dad is so happy right now my
parents are so happy slows parents are
so happy everyone is so happy because
like who would have ever known like your
parents you know coming all the way to
Middle East Dubai and quoits for
sold-out shows and quoits
one crazy show that's ready sold-out in
Dubai but we have to get outside venue
so more people can come so I'm so
excited I cannot wait to see you guys on
the journey with me Rima and my parents
and some parents and some we're packing
right now then after that we're gonna
head to the Air Force I'm see you guys
in the next shot these are like might
even have our bags this is mine
this is my dad he stole my bag I think
this is Reema's this is I don't know who
at this is definitely mom's because she
put a sock over here also this one is I
don't know one of these are definitely
my mom's because who would put a sock
and who would put I don't know pizza hey
javis I'm like I don't know but ready to
go three one three ones you haven't seen
em for all week
yeah
Oh
blah blah blah say I'm not coming back
next year you going to Yemen Romano geez
you'd already gone I know we're going
device I didn't know I didn't know
Gundam I quit
we're going to Yemen Reema knowing that
yes we are yes you're going KN man I've
just been kicked out the car for ten
minutes so I can get coffee and bagel
with butter cream cheese for my mom and
dad right now it's crazy travel with my
parents because I don't know there's
just there's a funny just but I'm still
happy really really happy and I'm happy
because they're happy I got the coffee I
got the bagels I'm ready to go
this I'll make them
that missing by her go bring it out like
that look afresh ready for yeah I was in
London and then I want to endeavour go
to plays and down and go to the bye yay
yay good job dad and dental goes on
Canadian edited you don't like me like
what boys no it's not New York is like
we're going to complain 18 our journey
14 ounces 5
that's why without K execrate limit
later descendants whoops
he didn't bring something only the one
played constantly some players they
brought of a Nazi philosophy
to the washing lavish you watch me with
commas a three months Mike
helpful to the wire place yes
my burn my mouth
so we get there
multinational kalambaka becomes an
all-purpose fun sejong your Wi-Fi
connection in the game here to share a
connection click a cute picture of
reboil a great moment
look at this to me angry or five hours
in a flight at seven hours ago such a
long fly we're so tired shouldn't knock
out the whole time and addicted to the
Nintendo switch little addicted to
gaming that's also the output she's
never looked like a rissole my dad's
knocked out my mom is knocked out his
parents I think they're probably not got
to they're probably nice
goodbye you guys in the Nexus right
well recall my place we're going to wait
first we have to stop at the ball take
another plane trip or you can fly yes
why did I show first to be quick grab
for shows wastin my line divide the
whole subtree del Departamento what
containing a billion for jesus link
knowing different grow boy so where's
Elvis
are they married but they might we have
one hour 20 minutes ago we watch from
New York City all of the world we've
just made it to divide three hour wait
three slim and Rima here where I'm like
on a journey make time to get McDonald's
for the whole squad and after that we
headed to Kuwait and then we'll finally
I'm so tired I hate the feeling of being
tired like that
especially while travel your eyes still
I don't know to steal baggy and watery
political slim and hey listen look at
this little slope hey corny he got
McDonald's baby taking luggage remember
who okay okay quarter pounder what are
you drinking you're not allowed in
custody huh I know it's not healthy
you're gonna gain the weight you might
you gain weight fast when you dig stuff
like that these two it up because I
don't watch other have made BJ is right
here oh do you want to a push-up let's
go let's go Iman file like to having a
mafia program we got the squad right
here we got nas here Sheikh Mohammed
we're giving I don't know good oh man
that was in second month around civic
matter what I'm just trying to see we
got talk about never keep it's always
there for so yes we're going to go again
I'm going to see a reunion so one of the
last thing was quick about the 1979 1979
how many years that is about 30 30 to 38
years Iran there is my little that's
very humble with it yet so we're going
to go back down and see your you knew
that I got to come see all my dumpling
we doesn't go back bump it have a
slimmer hello really yeah me me I was
laughing at the color hot no way yeah
nozzle yeah well me and all yeses you
guys do it up was goodie we got hit we
got the whole squad here so I went to
the place to buy a shirt I wanted to buy
a fly immature so I bought fly immature
but I didn't know that I had Arsenal on
this and not like hate Arsenal yeah and
you like awesome dealers you like you
like that I don't offload and not some
terminology you know integral be able to
wear the teacher anyway I am you know
work I bought it for the for the Fly
Emirates I'm gonna buy it let's picture
them well let's kill this off manager
but Pope how much I cause now that
you're cool right now if we don't appeal
it well I bought it was like finish it
400 I am rich it take this off oh you
can't take it off and I like you just
what your slave I don't care thank you
give me a marker pendant not so here my
gonna like if you're walking around with
me don't wear what I'm looking no is you
still gonna put it in the vlog and
everyone who only sports Oslo we must
see him does she special you've been
support who put the Adam get you little
a figure even you know we didn't know
you thank you but II thought oh you know
man yo let's we'll have it's about a
shirt for flight Emirates and it has
Arsenal on it
you are my I didn't know that he wants
me to peel a little shadow but look you
okay hey crazy last finish we must give
it a shit
in Douma gang after a whole twenty
four-hour journey was supposed to be 18
hours but it turned out to be a 24 hour
journey we're finally in de quake I'm
delivering quakes Kuwait City Kuwait we
out here this is crazy I never know in a
million years I would have you know
people who support me equate and now
today well starting tomorrow for
back-to-back sold-out shows and Quaid's
which is freaking insane this is
literally insane I think the last show
only I was like 10 26 up but pretty much
all sold out which is it's wild all
together like thousands of people coming
for the shows which is this is going to
be crazy I cannot wait and I'm so tired
right now my parents aside Remo tired
I'm going to go up to my room I'm sure
you guys giving us an apartment tour so
let's see how about hi guys we just got
to our hotel we have a sweet quaint
we're going to go in and give you guys a
tour so let's do this without showing
the number go get me Oh see what this is
the thing is it more Wow
is it sick this is sick tonight like you
need to heat it to like noise another
one
wow what the yo dis is sick this is so
dope oh yo look at this you said that we
strike the beer now we had to take that
out though cuz use beautiful man we made
it we made it to quit baby so it's
helping folks celebrate look come on man
we brought parity overall this is the
same V it's live you know the first to
have any people you know having sold up
show was equate to buy bring my parents
I just want to literally thank you guys
from the bottom of heart for like for
slot them and everything both certainly
thank you guys so so much
we work hard for you guys and hope holy
them all parents already is that how
parents already nuptials
they threw the bow is definitely close
that is madness what were that expectin
I knew it's not and it beat them up she
asked came to look in our room
well you the next room and I saw oh yeah
yeah I'm ready oh you know they were
already rolling good hi guys we're gonna
continue finishing our moment as we're
saying we want to say thank you guys so
much Sumbawa Hartford hey man you know
me Slim is just literally real this is
like this is an achievement thank you
guys so so much Manning me so much like
my best friend traveling with him jus
come true numbering up from I don't
together so what is the ups and downs
very kinda crazy that we glad we did
some EVP I know man is insane well more
a lot more adventures to come through
and we have our two men's if anything is
to see our parents so happy I know like
that's when he was up in a mansion a
bruiser like some of that it's so sweet
man he sold happy hasn't been here for
38 years
imagine coming back 38 years to a place
where you grew up at a new child does
only so you've ever done for you come on
oh is that oh my god he's a loser shit
yo knock him out Legolas I guess you
guys love us that much you guys love us
that much
hi guys I'm and of like here because I'm
literally so tired and I have to upload
it now like edit upload or now see you
guys tomorrow
do me gang if you guys happy for us
thumbs up and go turkey I love you guys
so so much take care and pick I like I
can't replace them but baby up around it
be
every day for the rest of my life to be
doing
