Just Cause my birthday happy early
birthday how's everything ever seen
happy early birthday thank you guys so
much for my calendar I don't have Lucy
but birthday gets like you haven't been
dinner so you can have the head I'll be
on my way
hey guys what's up ado me yank hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing it so far I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day we finally got to
Charlotte North Carolina but the thing
is we came really really late because
something happened to our tour bus so we
have to go back to Atlanta from Orlando
then after I go to Charlotte so that
made us waste like two to three hours we
got here so late so we cannot do the
show in North Carolina we are only going
to meet agree everyone is doing the
mitigators welcome to every single one
of you guys who are there I am so so
sorry this is no one's fault it's the
cars fault so we have to return it for
our safety and get a new tour bus imma
give you guys a whole tour in our tour
bus after the meeting Greece let me give
you guys a little sneak peek right now
that's just a little sneak peek we can
go to mitigate and after that me see you
that in the next shot at the 12 oz puck
guys yo is that either all the girls in
yo
she's benefit of life he's all the girls
huh I'm here in the my name is Gina
y'all can make a blog about Benghazi
definitely this is real success to pick
a food and go no longer matter is
Vidalia was always just there
oh just no fuck you finally like I
County and rainy honestly what Cody I
shoulda came turn it up man howdy when
you first found out about me and the
kilogramme killer conference come up to
you next
Oh what's up I'm without mahogany okay
Maria Maria asks I'm Adele don't we get
my birthday happy early birthday howdy
John 17:17 happy early birthday thank
you guys so much for like Alabama I
don't have Lucy what birthday gift like
you going on when we add them let's
that's one annoys a enhance any time
thank you you can tell ya the coach got
out my channel drive only P&J Strozier
Olivia Jake Olympic athlete come on man
you stop sighs oh that's sick very
pretty captain ear no way yes dope I'm
gonna check you out man guys look here
do me to my number my number is four in
the front he got live nos and he chat up
to the man much for you right here I
like your name - by the way man pounders
oh I'm Erica what do you like when I do
hey I gonna go to prank on who like
Donna Donna remar you like Remo hey Sara
no you don't have they know if you like
you set me up
I'm doing it you cool about other women
here this is ordinary window the lid
right get ready I'll make it disappear
right you got me oh she took the
Egyptians yeah 25 pound Lebanese and 20
bucks eyes tellin ya that's sick that's
so sick there's a new hobby panic
exactly five minutes all I'm gonna go
all night that's sick
thank you so much this is it oh here in
Charlotte but we want to give a shout
out to all the Mexican and Goonies I
wonder what's good how you doing what's
right y'all here they already know and
if you do me dig yeah yeah I'm kind of
hi guys we just got done with the
meeting I just want to say thank you
guys so so much
every single one you guys with so much
fun you guys are so sweet so thank you
guys and once again I'm so so sorry but
right now we're going to give you guys a
tour of our tour bus this right here is
the front this is just the front two
seats in the front this is the door this
is where you open the door right now I'm
starting off slow but after that this is
the TV
we have Xbox in here and our other tour
bus I got myself
we had a PlayStation 4 but this one is
the Xbox or the DVD players I'm going to
XM in this text box yeah oh this is Xbox
one over here we got DirecTV so you can
watch basketball games or whatever team
you want we got to speak it here so if
you want to blast music we have a low
sulfur couch right here where slim is
that so then it turns to a bed and then
we have another sofa couch right here
with DJ is sitting in an also turn so a
bat this is where the drinks go over
here is a little refrigerator
we got another TV another speaker this
is sort of a microwave Oh freaking Mike
we got the bed this is a say this bunk
beds in here this is my bed over here
with the Yemeni flag this is not this
bed over here which is insane I'm not
gonna lie but it's so scary sleeping in
this bed while like the bus is driving
because whenever I'm sleeping and like
if there's like a bumper or like a sharp
turn
it's like me I'm just like turning and
one of us if we fall and roll over we're
just going to fall straight down over
here but anyways that is our bus by the
way when we got to Atlanta Santos
surprised us and came through and told
us what up so you guys will see in the
next shot guys what up guys we stopped
in Atlanta for just a little bit and the
homie Cylons would came through because
this is a city man oh yeah yeah my
mother's in Amman I had Paula ijk mom
man we came up from London London and
we're gonna get blended oh la la la
night might be with you I might probably
just show you know I'm Megan oh boy
looks like that vault like a mess man
they're not you ready you look so ready
we have a Marriott away Charlotte they
already know
you're ready let's go love it so huge
shout out to the man Cylons off limits
going insane we have no games for xbox
one we had a game for the PlayStation 4
but slim wants the game for the Xbox one
because there's no game here
want to play - ok we're going to DC we
have a six seven-hour journey we just
went on like an 11 hour journey I'm not
complaining because what a bus with
children is sleeping and play video
games right now we're going to go get
games and we can see how it goes hi guys
were heading to DC were here was which
Ellen but we had a video games first
eyes with a North Carolina target that's
yes a video game this is what we're
doing to play video games inside our
tour bus choices we have five minutes
they gave us a five minute limit
communiques little beer so we got four
minutes ago
I people and Bates okay g17 let's go let
me you go this way now go again
okay are we going to same way some of
the game free Xbox where's what
Xbox yeah well fine the first day one is
here see fall 17 animates okay 17 okay
yes we found it very people 17 and Bay 2
K 17 right here morning
how you doing whitewash a lot of money
rolling into play because I got my
engineer Bob all trying to go to sleep
who they're watching TV and it's so loud
it's my bad guys you guys hi guys I just
woke up from a seven-hour sleep it's
morning right now I haven't edited a
vlog I haven't ended the vlog I do not
know where I'm at right here look at
this is like mountains and stuff here
we're in a gas station is like army
people here I think we're in North
Carolina Virginia West Virginia I do not
know I have no clue I'm going to end the
vlog here hope you guys all enjoy like
we did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go turkey thank you guys so much for
sticking with me while I'm on tour and
going through on tour New York City I'm
going to see my whole family my whole
family will be at the show the man is
going to perform in the district
rimas going to be there say as can be
the use of hamza Tyler Boston Rhema the
whole Adams family is going to be at the
New York City show so the New York City
show is going to be a legendary a show
that's going to go in the history is it
make it so the New York City show make
sure you guys come through it's already
sold out first ones ready sold out the
second show is not so still couple
tickets up so make sure you guys come to
the address on we'll be there at both I
cannot wait which a mask informant this
track even waiting to perform it I
really think he's going to do much much
better than drink I'm just joking but
he's going to kill it
I can't wait to see you guys see you
guys tomorrow I had to take an Instagram
picture how do you lose a picture
function I was like
people over here and governance was
given my background alternate so we
better back on then you won't get a
background with the right and eventually
be given any better
yeah no I'm on each poster for
successful name is opposed the perfect
light because nothing opposed or
whatever I got really sweet girl when
you brought camera how you in a bowl so
we go through for Sdn fictional how do
you want to take in this very big I'm so
tired from the knockout I'll see you
guys tomorrow do me Hank
take care and I like hey fucking all day
given or not here in the hallway Thank
You husband three girls cry yeah that's
what they all say I'm about to go listen
taking out I got myself in this position
always got an attitude never show
ingratitude always want to talk
