design is supposed to be his money he
makes what this issue is anything you're
supposed to be his money we'll take a
splatter football what tell he was no
one
hey guys what's up resuming gang I hope
y'all having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so if we're
having an amazing day yeah did you have
it an amazing happy thank you because
you love me yeah you do the first time
sale ever loves me this much yeah beer
tastes like sour candy my beard tastes
like sour candy man give me a pain like
Jane hi guys today we're gonna pull a
prank on say ass older brother uses you
can't say enough tonight no snitching I
never pulled a prank with you this time
I'm pulling praying together because
last time I pranked him and what do you
do fine and what a little girl and I
maybe eat the same why are you making me
the teddy bear water so I'm on get a
dance for money ready it's like you fell
it okay so this is what i'ma do and I
need your guy's help just to you know
make it more natural more real just to
play it cool like this what you guys
gonna you guys gonna play cool so I'm
going to pretend to be on the phone with
my manager nods and I'm gonna have a
fake argument with him and just argue
with him about money and stuff just like
a random argument and then after that
I'm gonna get so angry I'm going to
pretend to burn this money right here
but the thing is this money right here
everything in here is fake except for
the $20 bill outside but I'm gonna burn
the fake money and I'm gonna burn the
money in front of Yousef and anyone who
burns money that's like that's just
really really dope I mean the cops
occurence you that means the cops are
coming for you to bury money what the ha
you're scared of a steady breath so
Yousef was in the living room right now
we're the only ones in my room I'm gonna
pretend to be on the phone yelling and
I'm going to make either safe or hamza
just go to the living room and be like
you Adam when go see what's going on and
then use this obviously he's my oldest
nephew so you're going to come and ask
me questions you didn't try to be this
big boy and
when I'll know pull-ups money if you
don't bring this money due to me I'm not
gonna burn no money I'm not gonna burn
no one you double when you go to the
room you tell your brother Yusuf say
Adams having a big fight on the phone ok
it's not
yeah what's not yes and by the way the
crazy thing is me not never ever ever
argue little we never argue so not shall
have the love we never that's a good
thing but today is gonna be my first
fake argument with the NAS um yeah let's
get the camera ready and let's get the
phone ready a little easy when you hear
them all talking that was up a door
right
let's reach snatched that light fresh
one hundred thousand oh look no no fifty
thousand sometimes it even when we go to
those yes pesky okay Jeb you know sixty
okay so now we're not won something
okay fine $100,000 bro are you serious
not nothing
you sound like an idiot seriously man
you sounded like an idiot I told you cuz
I already told you that that's my money
yes you keep acting dumb bro I swear
roll if I see you why what's the point I
already gave it to you and I give it two
hours a London I gave you both set up
yes I gave you both of them closer
closer close don't Punk we haven't seen
cool oh I get it
well I gave it to Wales in London bro I
gave you all the money yes
that was your money yes okay when I
asked you for more when it's not cuz I
already gave you the 20% yes 20% yes and
you asked you for 40% no I've no
president about 40%
I gave it to you already yo hello
you're right everyone's here again yeah
dream services maestro you waking
everyone up you get over huh your dad
will be coming back okay so I cannot go
yo-yo if you keep acting this way so I'm
asking when I see you if you keep acting
so imma smack you wanna for you I'm not
gonna give you anything I'm not I
already gave it to you I already gave it
to you I gave it to you I handed you the
money the 20% I get if you all in cash I
gave it to all the cash okay what else
do you want for me what else you want
from it but I don't know what's up with
your British creeper vote I don't know
what's up with your British people I
gave you the whole cash bro
I've been yes I did look at you I have a
family to support
I have my mom and dad who don't even
work what do you wanna do I'm a fire yes
that's not me though if you keep acting
up bro why do you think like you're the
one yes forgive me I gave you already
done you do the same amount of work we
do the same thing if you don't get me
listen listen you don't get me listen
listen
let's listen yo get me you don't get me
I gave it you all in cash yes I gave it
to all my gosh and now you're asking for
another one I'll talk because you say
you did more work what's the point of
asking for more
I don't get you seriously though you
don't want to see on my beat up but I'll
see i'ma beat the shit out your bow you
think I'm gonna beat the shit out you
want I'll see you i'ma beat the crap out
of you bro hang up hang up i'ma beat the
crap out from the unity you're gonna see
you're gonna see how beat the crap and
you look doing Adam closer Jennifer why
you guys argument pissing me off bro
Iowa over what I gave her 20% asking for
another 20% like I understand like but
he did work but I did so much more to
men he kept up I got to do YouTube every
single day that I got tours then I got
like I'm doing a book down doing these
projects I'm doing I'm doing so much I'm
doing for myself and and it just just so
much stuff going on now he's like
just make it Awards though it just easy
like my boy but the thing is it's like I
don't like I'm like him saying that you
mean he's asked it was mean and we don't
care what money that's the first time I
see him you've been saying like all Sony
decided give me less I never asked you
so I won't ask him that like maybe you
know maybe some things up maybe it needs
money or something why I'm hoping that
he already got the 20% the 20% was a lot
with a stack of money bro are you asking
for another one
I don't know sir cuz you're buggin broke
up with me yo you know what I'm going to
20% another one I'm 20 visit I'm gonna
take it and I'ma shove it up your butt
that's what i'ma do I'm gonna shove it a
be about yes that's what i'ma do that's
what i'ma do could you keep rows homies
you ah that's my family's involved now
because you keep acting stupid
I'm a texting my now you think I'm
joking I don't like but I won't do it oh
you're mad some reason I thought you
think I won't do it he keeps messing my
money not money go like I went from zero
to I also had one subscriber like I
worked so hard and he keeps mess with me
he thinks I will do it and I will take
his money I will take this money bro
this all his money writing that he wants
that it supposed to be is this name is
supposed to be his money I think what
position does he think it's supposed to
be his money will take a slammer nutball
what the hell I use know why now gets
with the time slider moving heads from
further are you buggin we'll be here bro
I'll be heroes to us when we refine your
money sit on my robot yeah I got your
money is your money if I gather get up
and visit your money
are you bringing me say to this money
for my birdie o my birdie and I'm
showing up into a sense you know what
you're saying right now I'm a burden as
I will do and what they do give me give
me no I can never go one night a role as
always she will get off you're not right
now you know we gotta I'm gonna try that
again go outside I don't know
give me a longer one Scott Fallon come
on I'm very lovable I'm just a burn
anyway thank you all right you know I
remember myself no yes vote
yo stop see Adams listen broke my jaw
got Adam cash give me oh stop I'll punch
you Adam touch me
you sure I deserve it I don't want to go
through stress this bullshit we are
talking about punch me rope are you
talking about that tunnel really
palpable so you can step back go sell
your money or my money it's support of
these money
sorry that was a very long announcement
how much time to give it out yeah almost
donation you could do with that
come on how do you mean religious Adams
oh I'm not gonna set up my stop bro yeah
alright so fuck it broke it off me bro
the Frog machine book okay yes pretty
kind of herb
get off me bro do you think I don't get
up now I know you're not joking
I'm gonna keep doing it and love it
because you're talking crazy
I want some of that what some other go
on tell my dad I'm burning money go out
something come on tell my dad I know
burn money let's go tell my dad they
don't burn not blog it was for go out so
my dad number no money got some come on
that be okay tell my dad that I borrow
money you also didn't let me burn it yes
I'm a fight you drill I got it oh now
you coming down and talk to me even
later talk to you usually give me life
give me the lighting business and dad's
gonna come back I don't care go tell
them don't tell my dad
no tell them madam why are you screaming
give it later bro
just give me like I'll ask you one time
I don't know Bernie the next time you
ask you tell me why you give me my book
back well I mean or not you're not gonna
burn go barely Dean's gonna go over I'm
wasting my time you go burn it not gonna
burn it not gonna burn it Alan I'm
joking madam I don't know I got do I got
yeah where's the real woman oh that was
a real one
there's only one of this
that's why we're so really yeah like
this
yes yo you do a quick yo I'm freakin
sweating brother like a rustling I'll
fly crazy
it was super really I got it
you know roses there for being a master
like man they have fear but it's not
very you have done oh my oh yeah sorry
though that right wait I may have to see
what he was sitting at my seat there's
nothing I'm nobody to this is like
almost render like never to be big when
you have my back he'll you know like I
appreciate it says you've met you said
Brooke I got you good it was baby yeah
but I didn't get off any prank week so I
finally got it at this time so hey Hugh
China to the man used to saw that shadow
here yes figure as you guys want to
check him out subscribe to him you have
use of channel to you upload some sick
sick videos and he's been uploading for
like 17 months now and seen like his
growth he's killing it right now he's
killing them as well so if you guys want
to check them out go to the link down
below and I made of sweat I feel so bad
my god you know say our fans await on it
the tube looks to doping goofy people on
the anti come and have a look we're in
on it go breathe our wishes
oh yeah will you rob you make this you
crazy
hmm you crazy yeah yeah you print our
money
yeah this shit I can you know you
thinking of guys you guys enjoyed this
video make sure you give it a thumbs up
I'm done I'm just waiting on some like
i'ma see you guys tomorrow doing it take
care peace amazing
I can't replace them but baby I pride it
big menu be better every day for the
rest of my life to be through let
account
