hey guys what's up ado me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day we are out here in the
bay the bay area in California this is
my first time ever performing and this
is like a big big achievement because
any place that I go to visit and then
the next time after that I do a show
it's like it's a big achievement for me
so thank you guys so much this is the
first time ever where we do meeting
reads this for the show and I'm not
gonna lie it's so much better because
usually when we do meeting Greeks after
shows I'm always so sweaty I'm so hot
I'm so like icky I'd rather do it before
what I mean I'm looking fresh and that's
how I want to see you guys so we're
gonna go meet agree first we have around
200 people to meet then after that we're
going to do the show we have a lot of
special guests come you guys going to
see them in a few minutes but first let
me show you guys all around backstage
here because the backstage here is huge
that more room is down there you guys
going to see in a few I'm going to take
you guys with me and it's gonna be an
adult don't date in debate slims begs
also here so Sophia is here it's about
to be a crazy turn oh this is her
hometown so we're trying to make it go
onstage and say hi but she gets stage
fright but we'll see how it goes alright
guys so we just came from a flight we
didn't even go to the hotel so all of
ourselves is here they're all our props
here for the show is here luggage props
over here these are for everyone during
the meet and greet so everyone who comes
to the media you guys get a signed
poster from me and slims these are like
so many you have to find them all day we
have some chips over here let's take you
down here for set okay
over here is the bathroom mice over here
these are a couple my hair product and
sweet place this is the other backstage
room we requested it because I homely
spend a base in LA they're going to be
here so we're gonna be chilling around
we're gonna get some pizza
seeks to settle with this island well we
got Marilyn Monroe right there also
guide yes today's la show it was the
first time where I performed on my way
it was such a crazy crazy turn oh he
just got everyone so hype song so
excited to perform today I will show you
guys in cities like be performing on my
way in a big looking for a big in the
band's you already know what I'm about
to say I don't know what I'm saying
right now but it should be a good turn
up and let's see how it goes mini
restarts in like five minutes five
minutes hi guys you also have a special
guest miss Pakistan is here there was
them yeah how's it going good thank you
so much for coming to witty little Miami
Miami she doesn't mind you sorta and
we're here in San Francisco hope you
enjoy the show so so when you seen our
show yesterday
LA how was it it was so much fun you're
funny yes it was like your best part of
the show
Oh another challenge is they're trying
to your children when you in swimwear to
omit the dad thing yeah dad and I oh
yeah ma thank you so much miss Pakistan
how's it feel like being like miss like
Tiger is there like a mr. Yemen or
something or not I don't know no and why
not oh man I needed until mr. I trigger
are not there I want to be mr. Yemen
osmani I care about me how I don't know
google it to know where you're okay
here is the newly-crowned oh yeah sorry
sign where oh I stole a copy that's it
oh how do you do it
Megan go tell y'all guys that's it hey
look at this yes I always call it with
Pakistan like other day I was like so
what's your like name name and it's
Romina Romina and I'm the whole time I'm
like this backside of it like a talk to
a teacher' but anyways um ah yeah that's
it that's it peace out hi guys about to
stop the meeting you have split here so
feed it here say what's out we got HPD
is we got a big hand you know it was a
piece crummy geez
what the heck but since I forgot to
bring mark along miss Pakistan
put it right Victoria see you got some
fun I want to fall didn't take a
half-turn experience you go to call you
home because they're going to tell me
think I've been with a girl it's ok oh
my god this is the most eager Clone High
let's go I have to go so much what's not
bad slim is wearing to this thing you
can't like that to me degree
I don't think so look why not
guys you have to pay me mr. Hardy what's
up and brandy residence Turk you got
quite a ladder for president and this is
so genius so sick this is only when you
a saint Canadians or so this is so so
this is a genius idea
you guys came up with one okay
nice to meet you Alex we hear in the
media I mean I like to bring him as
those nice guys staying here gave me a
very good business you got to say is do
me games again guys this is so dope look
at this came up with an idea whose I
here with you high five you're a bar
girl all you got yeah I have five five
it's the thing I thought you want to go
on a strict eye feels like a company
like it is about how I do this is so
sick and look what else I got I want to
be okay thanks like that now guys we
have a me right here with this wet hi
Bob I like that golden say Rory's man
Lauren hey guys look we have the best
ever
and right there is the better Adam this
is so dope
thank you guys so much what's up guys
shout out uh yeah go hey shut up my
biology teacher with Joey I hope you
begin a baby game so much hello madam
eleven more was associated me Adam Adam
is that a Muslim I flip is awesome the
cones are floating yeah we have lovely
dear who came to the interview and rainy
here right here but next time I'll take
off my shirt on the family directory
next time attempt to tell over there or
what variants and not very look at me
I'll come there you will yellow and
Annette shirt I wanna I gotta happen
right there guys
so we add you to have hella crazy
telephone Oxendine you guys actually
month
come on what up okay man people better
go
I was out what you want to do my mama
collects and I've got them all to move
on we buy this I'm a good dad like you
sat down generations to go don't like it
sir I love rebook Wow hey you need to
curry
Katherine smock down a hours thank you
so much for driving three hours I
appreciate it look at this my cousin my
friend hi Edison or so you did a spoken
word for my boss tidal wave cuz they say
to serve you for watching
right then it's been a couple months in
the making throat right I'm Statia hi
I'm here with saying howdy day five
years old
what's the time you tickets my daughter
for British so I'm for the Christmas for
the show look at particular with shoes
does not ever go through it I'm going to
a bet that ever hit a bed right over
there mom they're definitely thank you
for every sort of banging what happened
we're Warriors fans that's Lord
you came home you know he's going you
summon a shit about American people
right there bro
he's talking mention about America is
getting great guy
what's that look okay through the slush
we got loving good I'm good
how does the parmesan speech today let's
just say guys anybody here wrote the
human logic you all are going to go on
to be fun the kind of uh hopefully take
it out just one L another yeah other
stuff so you guys dicta what's up how's
it going yells chilly yeah what's so the
homies right from the baby man good man
chillin chillin what up man right here
what's up we have ng right
hi doing edges hug that's fun birthday
my learn killer did it or hoops classic
in Chicago Congo we're gonna be on the
same team same we're playin oh yes no
matter by our we shot a foolish Iraq
because I knew box though just nice en
la home we found your man they're gonna
go crazy doing it to us I'm seeing out
of my really my man yeah let me go ahead
and how it is that we gonna get together
a Chicago I'm ready for Chicago shop
coding sequence now what up what up your
anything this those about a story gonna
prepare get ready rusted hi guys I'm
undergone team
I'm so nervous because though he was all
nervous because the whole like de la
crew is here and like you know they're
going to see everything we do edit we
got to kill it for them and for the Bay
Area
I'm so excited I'm hyped let me I'll go
teach at a time for coming through
Oh
I promised Iman sure Philip Landrigan
Pali momi son la Madrid lollipop dr.
lommers hooking up my shirts window
Burnham can smile ah no were you going
to your jockeys argument is my name put
them on my head yeah
Stefan's on a promise you can tie it
of course you they will show which great
thank you so much VM appreciated my
granddaughter goes totally got you today
and ocean
we just got done with the show they
don't right here mom man I appreciate it
so very much
I gave it a look surprised can you hear
like anybody else for you guys father
said everything that whether we say it
was amazing - a boy has to be my people
and I by default so it was very very fun
the next time we see each other in
Chicago yes the next time with unit ACOG
oh you need to try all these like how
many DC kind of come to DC for a wedding
but then you're going to come through DC
we'll have another game of litter and
yeah it's pretty much in do we gang what
a crazy amazing amazing day today I'm
losing my voice because of how amazing
it was seriously thank you guys so much
for everyone who came through huge shout
out to the homies Ahmed logic is because
everyone else who came through huge
shout out to you guys and everyone is
watching right now thank you guys for
watching if you guys did enjoy the vlog
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey if you guys want more like me
vlogging more like at shows give his
like a thumbs up and I'll turn up there
like a lot more other than that our next
show is in Orlando so the more
information on Orlando and our next
shows it's an atom Salah worldwide calm
I'll see you guys then in person I'll
see you guys tomorrow on the blog take
care and peace hello okay
fucking all day killing or not here in
the hallway thanks me just cry get us
what they all say I'm about to go with
