Oh crying wait you crying huh look at me
oh you're making message like hey guys
what's up you're dooming yang I hope you
all have an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so far having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day I'm finally home I
have not seen Jamel and Rima for the
longest and you guys have not seen Jamel
and Reema for the longest and the vlogs
but the thing is about Jamel right now
his birthday's coming up but he's
beefing with someone that's really close
to me so I don't know I don't really
know what to do because I don't know
Jamel is like you know pull it out of
how many that I don't know what to do
minute up I'll see you guys in the next
shot pics
my hair is finally growing the way I
want it to be I know you guys hate it
when over half but I promise idumaean
like a couple days my hair's finally
grown to the point where I want it to be
so just be ready I'm heading to go see
slim I have not seen remonda man for so
long I missed them so so much I have
really really bad news Jamal and Rima
they can no longer be in videos and I
feel so bad
what the hell are you doing what's up
unless you a solo yeah
I paint it you bought me a what you
bought me a picture
why because I wanted a lioness you
you bought me what is it missing right
oh you wrote me a note on she wrote me a
note on it so cute Lucy they read it hey
where'd you write it in school no come
on your birthday's coming up tell them
what you want free with this kennel
price iPhone 7 plus huh Wow Reba wrote
me I know it says Rima I love Adam and a
bunch of scribbles oh they're so cute
give me hundred I love you thank you so
much
no thank you juh man i'ma congratulate
him he won first place in the spelling
bee this is sick you know how to smell
that is so sick Masha light spell me
Mississippi Mississippi yes come ISS ISS
yeah yes so close come on it's really
hard work like a semi old
come on mrs. kersky yeah ppm yes let's
go drew yeah Rima did you miss a new
meeting you miss them a lot
how much do you miss them hi guys I'm
having to go see slim Rima German
they're so mad because I'm heading to go
see slim where you got a set huh hang
out what so ever say that yes I do
they want to come with me but I told
them tomorrow where you gonna go ahead
to go get your mask on tie guys I'm see
you guys soon all right don't be sad mmm
ah ah me sad
i'ma see you guys when I'm back to my
dok2 man
right I said huh can you know you okay
yeah I'm okay so - so fun don't cry
don't cry don't cry okay wait you crying
huh look at me why you friend tell me
one more time I promise let me give you
the iPhone 7 plus I'm gonna be back
faster everything okay how much do you
miss ooh all right
you hate it when I travel you hated Mona
Charley why you know what I wish happen
when I come back I do it for you right
you know that right
I do it use to get the isotherm plus I
don't get way too happy I'll do it to
you to come so we can kill it we can
have shows together New York City you're
the murderer man
and anyway to go to Chicago I'm thinking
Juventus Chicago with me to the Chicago
showed us yeah you're coming to the New
York show you know why I commented
Chicago so you don't know why because
you go and see mini food over there and
you're going to perform your diss track
right in front in I've found it
let me see you smile look at the camera
smile lingers you schmuck let me see you
smile cuz let's do that smile yoga thank
you
there was one scene yesterday was you a
cop I would see one kind like a whole
gun I've been wrong for cooking I became
accustomed to smash them with London
right London Road they want to Pakistan
but now we're probably reunited in our
city New York stimulus and watch me it
was be very there was even a
multinational take it so difficult
people think it is so nice out there
ha ha naked travel visa colors so we
hear about the I got me a salad son got
him I don't know but he trying to stay
healthy and tell them the Judaism you
sure and I don't know how jobs are
shrimp and we can cook my gosh we just
got done eating I do miss the New York
spot do not miss the weather it's so
freezing cold it feels like it's January
I'm heading right now it goes to the
jewelry shop I want to buy a new chain
on to get it like a bigger change
in other sub attack these harmonies are
okay
I was like a police car school Lords up
a Union Square all right guys we walk
into the jewelry shop right now I want
to get another gold chain it's so
freezing cold and we don't know if it's
open this close all saloons fall because
I take your form trying to get a chain
like here's like it please thumbs up
play this this so take imagine got this
one another day
hi guys we just left the jewelry shop i
bought this gold chain look how big is
it
as a tank that's all i was in this
really great for doing that song and oh
my you tell them tom I got I'm gonna say
it we think I got this for eight
thousand and five hundred dollars look
at this this is crazy
oh my god Oh golden ticket so Evie oh yo
a transmitter chain yo this is insane
look at this Oh like I was up yeah this
was ten bucks
this was ten bucks from a banks or the
jeweler's shop was closed I got this
fake chain for like ten bucks I don't
know why I got I just gotta just like
mess around me be eight this was also
got a lot of prank stuff imma show you
guys at home you know what's insane in
the pranks or there was telling the
leaders oh yeah I got I got so much
stuff imma show you guys that's crazy
bro then they sell flimsy ears me I got
glasses deserve us
guy gave me a harvest planet me in it
because I don't know I don't care I need
to eat it oh yeah hey Christopher
Hadouken up chatter burn in the harvest
girl ready with the milk
increase gardening is a realities before
it comes in a light bulb right cook me
Ben oMG good I'll text me and a diet
good job okay do me yank so I just got
home it's like midnight right now I
don't know what these kids are doing up
they have school break and this is one
of the things that I bought I'm not
going to show the rest of the stuff that
I bought because of like without better
roast you one toast to my job doable
don't don't worry so much anything I was
our best friend children hi devoted
Savage you're gonna end up having a diss
track from slim so we're gonna have a
diss track on you okay Ivy roses garage
Oh monkey he has big ears Vlad whiny the
giraffe with a big neck Omar Joe hammer
fan with a big nose oh my gosh we go
children I don't wanna know about them
you need to chill out bro chill because
I'm still gonna have to come with a diss
track and I don't want that to happen
okay almost master boy okay but still
wrong give me your phone how does that
come on man for no reason - hi guys how
much you go graciously gonna let me see
mom a house that guys baseball but
pretty sure back on I want 7 how you
doing dad wait subbing soda crackers
hi guys I'm not going to show the rest
of the stuff because I don't want to
like you know gotta I don't want it like
I don't know I don't want to just like
spoil it and like that so I'm just end
of like weird
ah so I'm going to end the vlog here and
I'll see you guys tomorrow maybe you
guys will see the stuff that I get soon
and you guys will know why
and yeah now see you guys tomorrow you
guys enjoyed the vine bitch you give a
thumbs up and go turkey don't smash into
larger 50 likes that's 150 high smashes
250 like I got those you got small take
care or pitch I like I love you fine no
when I get you directed out wrote maybe
new you wanna be I know your father will
be proud of where you're gonna be the
donut
