hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing night so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day I haven't hit the gym
for a while so I need to work out right
now we head to the gym I'll see you guys
at the gym in the next shot three one
what I'm done with my workout hi guys I
was a crazy crazy workout I'm waiting
till the Addams Family comes through I
believe that come from school and like
literally few like 20-30 minutes guys
I'm here with the homie Jenelle the King
roastmaster what's up there I don't know
good yeah chillin where you been huh
Dino what's that what you doing doing
good yeah I always see my family
whatever I'm back like the best feeling
ever see the family after finish like a
whole tours I miss you more Jenna there
was always the sweetest draw the
sweetest stuff you know he's a Prost
King Master he's still one of the
sweetest nephews and I'm a young I love
you Jenelle all right I love you wash
really not allow you more money online
make a shot come on look back come on
Josh on Newkirk shot curry shot
oh okay after you do this let me see
this Oh three in a row baby general is
killing it with it do me gang so I told
you guys that imma do daily music Li's
so I have to do musically right now I'm
gonna try to come up with something cool
Mawson has never been any musically but
try to get him to be in this musically I
need to teach him how to dance
let me see you dance come on let me see
my son dance what kind of dancing is
that what the work bag that's not
dancing luckily huh either you let me
see you dance
go
Oh go crazy
get free Lego Lego hey hey so I really
want to teach my son how to dance so
this is what I'm gonna do I'm a crate
this new invention right now and we're
gonna see how it goes when I try to
teach you how to dance okay yes Nina
what are you doing oh I got so I came up
with this new invention to help Mawson
learn how to dance better so this is how
it's gonna be I got four ropes right
here and I'm gonna need Mawson say hi to
them hey hey what's up a dummy gang give
me your hand right here okay and I'm
gonna put it on my hand then his other
hand right here you ready buzzing you
gonna dance there gonna be a superstar
to this I don't even know what I'm doing
this is so ratchet my dad is like why is
it doing my son oh also Remo just came
back from school so a sub streamer was
Rema Rema you're changing okay where you
must say hi hi
not you musta three Mozilla hi how was
school good what you do in school today
um and then what'd you learn obviously
uh I don't feel fresh then you learned
what a subtraction say subtraction
extraction okay what's five minus 105
minus one
six-one I did all right guys I got the
hands right here hey hey hey hey hey I
finished I'm gonna do the legs and then
washed hands go me a pro you ready yeah
all right guys are you guys ready to see
moss and practices dancing yeah ready
Hey okay okay
I do your do dance now juju on that beat
dude you wanna be the Jews you wanna
dude you wanna do you wanna be
now slide drop hit the photo don't stop
hey don't stop hey on a man on a bee
wait a minute on that be now do your
dance do your dance do your dance
hey you up you your daddy so hey hey go
crazy and watch me whip now watch me nae
nae now watch me whip whip watch me nae
now watch me whip now watch me nae nae
now watch me ooh watch me watch me ooh
watch me watch me ooh watch me cut it
cut it
your price is way too high you need to
cut it cut it cut it
hey cut it okay Mawson now show me what
I taught you go
one two three now watch me whip now
watch me now watch me whip whip now
watch me I guess that's the only thing
he learned I tried my best I try my best
show Martin how to do the whip me man
knows me knows me man Oh watch me see oh
see show him how to do the cut it cut it
good good you guys a little now you need
to pretty okay now don't do this now did
you let me hey did you do to do a let me
nah jump hit the phone stop hey this guy
hey is that are you watching let's see
you do it let's see you do the whip no
I'm done
hi guys mean remember we just got done
doing a musically what was the song Rima
hmm what was the song that we did I
don't know what it could you know no was
it gone the same still got time daily
musical ease start today Rima did an
amazing job
give me a high five she kept laughing
like oh my private music Lee's right now
it's all of her laughing she'll go like
this and just laugh like and I'm like
dream up you have to be sad and this
musically and she's an amazing amazing
actor mashallah she nailed it show them
how you did pretty but a good job yeah
very good now you like that you love it
you five we did good you did really
really good and by the way it's everyone
asking why I didn't remove this I can't
remove it it's permanent marker I try to
like scrub it away
it can't go away like I need to get
paint to cover this whole thing so I'm
stuck I'm stuck with this where's
adamant I'll get paint and paint the
whole room so no doesn't what's up I
gotta hands and hide his house reason
why I came here is because I was so
hungry and I knew Hamza will have food
in the house so I came here I just
finished eating like a
me sandwich they're like I don't like a
Philly cheesesteak sandwich op cheese
huh chop-chop cheese sandwich I know
he's gonna have food here cuz cuz I'm
out man how's it lookin do you know any
tricks with it
yeah tricks James of tricks Alice your
hands in no way but you look pregnant
bill says see and lastly how many months
ago but we're gonna see which did your
spinner last longest right now hi guys
we have seven spinners here whichever
one stop first
that one is the wackest one that stays
the longest that one is the best guys
ready yeah alright don't move take us up
I don't know having any guesses which
would go up in this one I think this
one's gonna last the longest this one
the other outing the rainbow one
everyone okay that one's out eliminate
it out oh here goes Maori boards about
to be guard no way that's my favorite
one and it's gone
give this one's pretty much done let's
see yeah uh-oh and it's still going
this one's looking good that one's gone
this is crazy what an intense match
uh-oh uh-oh
this is getting pretty intense one of
these two are gonna stop first the
yellow one actually hated looking tell
you pretty right hello
I know Holloway Lizzie Wow that one is
the Batman one to the Batman did pretty
pretty good but looks like the Baron one
is done yup the better one is Esther
that's done
yes done just do it out Batman want is
done Oh
out of these two are here come on young
which one's going fussing you know it's
crazy this one looked like was going
slow before oh that's it that's it game
over game up with this one won the gold
one is the winning I told you the gold
one Wow hello thumbs up I got and I got
a thumbs up the video thumbs up the
video and go turkey I got a lick
uh-oh this is a cool camera so heavy I
like this oh goodness
Oh Masha you ready boom hi I'm a catcher
I'm throwing catcher ready Oh
how does drinking why is the fridge a
spitter this is too funny
how's it taste good do me gang we got
some big big news on my way the new
track with Fay D James the release date
is finally out it is April 28th Friday
which is in like two dates so I have
some big big news for you guys tomorrow
for something for us to do the music
video will also be out we worked so so
hard on this and I know you guys are
gonna love this
is gonna be the best summer track ever
you ready yes yes the best summer track
ever on my way be ready April 20 20
games and Faithie with the hashtag on my
way I cannot wait for you guys to see it
seriously I cannot cannot we'll stay
tuned other than that I will see you
guys tomorrow do me ask you guys enjoyed
this vlog make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey
I'll see you guys tomorrow do me gang
and then after that the 28th from my way
so oh hey yippee ai-yay see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace I like o
text it's actually coming through okay
Oh guys be ready on my way April 28 this
is gonna be insane this is gonna be a
change so baby please be who you wanna
be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody
Oh baby you can have anything you
