hey guys what's up a new beginning I
hope y'all had to get Abby's name
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day do me Gais we got major news
Instagram famous
right here it is out March 11th
excuse me are you
oh my god
No No
he said he doesn't wanna be honest
to me gang CTI Marshall I'm lovin you
guys make sure you get it
the music video is gonna be out iTunes
gonna be is gonna be insane I cannot
wait worked so hard for this and it's
gonna be a pop right now I'm in New York
City Times Square well near times where
I'm at all squad I'm with the homie to
keep the keep see what I was we also got
slim what cops and nos here he came all
the way from London because we I gotta
tell them to stop making noise
like
how's old saying now this year a mom
we're gonna be chilling in all day in
the city Times Square so stay tuned for
that I love you guys thumbs up do not
forget to subscribe thank you go back
guys like we're in NYC and we have a UK
person but what do you do if London roll
go back what do Suzy travels like it's
across the street he's back in NYC we're
back here for some meetings I just told
him is you a famous book yeah so if
anyone doesn't know March 10th I'll be
performing right here at Birmingham
Arena should I perform in there yeah
okay any tickets come out more sense
well I guess come on March 10 come on
man you should know man gentlemen
the city not someone that brings us out
here in the city when he's here then we
company we do all guys I'm taking them
out look I'm the best tour guide in New
York right there we're going through
here yeah huh nah man trust me as though
you do not see I'm like you know looking
for someone to get married to gonna find
a nice Pakistani returnable you read me
you know it's like these do they're
always saying how much just cuz I'm
crushes doesn't mean you know
and going on dates in here to show you
guys know what's doing all the talking
the elevator is still going up man like
on a Tuesday Tuesday so yeah because I'm
comin camera because everybody you know
I know
do me gig we just got to the place for
the first ones here man look at this
well on a little date right yeah it's
how you like missus I know what kind of
places you like I like it like it my
kind of thing does it approve you got a
big tick Victor yay yes guys I got an
approval from NAS at this place is dope
like the views and there is from here
look just get a whole boom the whole
literally the whole middle of New York
City I thought was you doing and then
the pipes a building is down there with
always here the food is gonna be cooking
there if you guys see the food I haven't
eaten my like Korean barbecue for so
long so good let's dig in and do it
yeah I'm telling you guys the fries here
a different man they don't tell me you
guys what you guys think
usually what cause always takes us on
for the spots I saw today I had to take
them up against what cops always
welcomes always take sighs dates do you
think I don't be alone be honest eglee
that's what so you can be alone
that I covered eight gives you saw the
name of the girl I didn't go on no date
you want to date just cuz it says push
to go how's it taste
how's it taste I'm who to go with me and
I'll see you guys the next round and
this is the view but the Empire State
Building what up wow the duma gang we
just got done eating now we're gonna
take a walk around the city around Times
Square so let me take you guys with me
do me a let's go there's always
something new in New York what is that
let me try it I don't know let's try it
out man so they have these weird-looking
spinning stuff literally next time swear
I don't know what it does let's try it
out it goes like this
do you guys know what this does what
does it do what does it do with this you
can't fight at the camera it just that's
it
yeah just saying moving around it's
really feel it yeah yeah yeah wow so I
go like this and then what do I do that
now I just look at stuff moving yeah
what I feel under hard like if you
underweight trust me
it's something else what the heck so I
understand something and New York is
weird man
this is the weirdest thing in the other
side you go like this and I look out
something what the hell is this I don't
know man this is the real meaning for
Luke he quiet trained and interactive
sound Alliance loop I don't know slim we
Town Square man we have a video in a
minute come here
music looming everyday like normally
yeah oh yeah they came here for so long
but feels good
you know or not is always trying to take
a picture man like always in the city a
city that never sleeps
some they don't have a sleeve here and
you know we don't see why don't we hear
protec party real man like people people
people everywhere go to sleep Newsday
it's a Tuesday we I do that here I sent
me on a Tuesday
I got school tomorrow teach them how to
take a picture like of us of all of us
here what are you doing what are you
doing
could you see a picture like this what a
photo he wants a picture with all of us
and he has to stop people actually he's
stopping people who know us like okay
you know all those were pictured what
the heck this is what we got to do man I
don't see how dumb you guys look at me
like from like this far like this way
you got a do not he's crazy right
he's do crazy let's see this last long
watch he's in look at it person and then
say go again maybe Holloway look at this
I'm leaving this is embarrassing what
how is it good or not it's alright it's
just damn bro all that for nothing
it just that bird man that bird is in
trouble
yeah it is her
so bad oh my god whoa yo a dog try to
eat that freakin but I feel bad man so
it dogs are crazy sometimes man Robin
take the picture this way instead oh my
god bro
we took the picture and I wants it this
way we have to hold it right okay yeah
and then you see the light oh my god
Naza stupid he's making it this is
better better yeah this is better
finally man damn this dude is crazy with
his pictures he was take freakin 30
picture that wants to suffer Dooney gang
I'm in the hotel that not staying at I'm
staying here with him until Saturday
because we have a couple meetings here
we have a cup of stuff we're talking
about Instagram famous it's gonna be out
March 11 for some reason I don't really
know why I'm always in the freakin
bathroom vlogging I don't know I just
like the lighting in the bathroom was
good but I just wanted to tell you guys
that do me act like I know the past
videos that I had that were about ksi
and all the drama that was going on I
was cursing so much and like I don't
know like I did I don't really I curse
yeah I'm gonna be honest with you guys
I'm like I'm gonna be straight up honest
- do me gang like yeah curse but I
wouldn't want to show that on video even
though the videos that would kiss on you
guys understood like I was pretty angry
but I just wanted to apologize for like
cursing too much like I know people
curse Bob just wanted I personally
wanted to apologize to you guys
for cursing so much because like that
dude got me like you got me really angry
for some reason because when my dad is
brought into in the wrong time but it's
all good in the hood
I just want you guys to know that I'm uh
I'm human and like I'm not I'm not
perfect myself and kill King he always
comes out Savage Adam always comes out
of nowhere especially when people try to
violate and don't forget I'm from I'm
from NYC like I was born or raised in
New York City so people here like people
get you mad you know they get they get
crazy people they get crazy not the
students even me they asked one say
thank you guys so much to every single
one you guys I've been showing so much
love this week is gonna be dope both see
he is coming to NYC he's actually
staying with us too so it's gonna be a
fun time he's gonna be chillin I can't
wait to show you guys more of New York's
I mean like I live in New York City back
and show you got more of New York City
make me stop my family members they're
gonna come through and say what's up but
yes to do me a dime I apologize and I
thank you guys for being amazing thank
you guys so much I appreciate seeing
when you guys if you got some those
blood make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey I'll see you guys tomorrow
doing a take
