that'll be on my way
they're making massive me like hi guys
what's up I just met sada and Talia
right yeah hey Dan Talia Tom yeah go
ahead to my pain what's up what's her
name
um so you done say that the same Josh
it's with that name it's ADA yes and you
have a friend inside yeah
do you ever get mixed up yeah yeah it is
nice what about a prank on that's pretty
much guys it was tough I'm here with
safe he's 11 years old he's like he's
like the mini version of me because I
have braces just like you and I remember
doing it the same exact colors red green
and white my idea I so remembrance we
had braces for three years but I beat it
force after like couple years it's worth
againist ratings they look at much you
feel it yeah sorry guys so safe let's
see the expression Jordans right here
I'm a sinus am I really talking about oh
my gosh now whenever you play basketball
with you you're gonna make every shot
I'm coming hahaha Hamish Angus of course
it so you guys like the dope huh yeah
yes I'm a Korean yeah got in Korea say
content services they need us doing it
other than the whole thing yeah
alright guys right now we are in black
stop I didn't know that has a black cap
in to buy but money could he knows a
spot you know stands over here the but I
always kind of like village got it like
like over do like active this is like
 on everyone literally one in here
so small they have outdoor looks of you
little including
entirety for demolition and also having
a big argument right now while we're
waiting for a milkshake its with China
order coat I said I wanted a coke then
the guy might see no that is no he said
no but that's the occult or what Sam the
same thing some people didn't say things
but he said I'm gonna screw you
the commas lower Pepsi and Coke the same
thing it takes the same thing but I'm
not really hungry thinking it takes
different continents processors you
don't remember what the helps us how
this river how is good sweater Wow who
do you know about Google because the
same it's about you know Crips include
obviously the time anomaly tastes like
99% of things it's not seen Thiago for
the same piece oh my god yo got the ball
now I don't agree
are you going to compare it isn't coke
about bomb man is talking about simpler
but I ask you a question for these two
numbers what is it is Pepsi and Coke the
same thing in my opinion like I don't
think so lol it's in a hug you know I'm
talking about the teeth what do you
think might think description of coke
the tape our focus rules wait what but
why the return on when you watch our
cockpit take the same thing is that
party most beautiful it's not my opinion
other people they have you undress it a
to say it bro you know we're not friends
or your friends before
no I'm never just going to do this
making a blog I'll just giving it lost
yourself I appreciate it thank you sorry
broke is it just is looking so hot fun
go give some high five and do dab okay
love you
I do thank you verify what you do to
don't get you I don't know what do I do
Thank You Man I appreciate it okay do me
game we are back at our Presidential
Suite for the last day here in Dubai I
want to give you a huge shout out some
money kicks he gave us dinner and he
showed us a good time with Real Madrid
playing Barcelona's my first time
watching the crazy game like robbing
room recruitment we will be real madrid
ronaldo vs Neymar Messi was named bro a
lot but you know what I mean though I
never going to be it was a crazy crazy
game barcelona won I don't know which
one to choose
you guys let me know in the comments
below which team should I you know
should I support Barcelona or Real
Madrid let me know when it comments
below but right now we're having a crazy
basketball game me slim just played I'm
taking a lot of L's this year man even
with money kicks he beat me to taking
the ball and had to buy him sneakers I
bought
so now that's give me part of a sneaker
collection and whenever he shows the
sneaker collection he's gonna have that
11 and that's because he beat me in the
Jordan store but it's all good in the
hood right now we can have another game
who's playing that give me a crazy crazy
game the hoop is right here guys look
how much space we have here and then the
basketball court is right there okay so
this is just okay anymore
I see you do play polo no comment
what does would you do what would you
string you got a to British homies right
now they don't even play back a little
bit get me really fun to watch the play
today we're not to play but the person
who makes one point the first point they
win and they going to shoot football
right now so Armand it's not a boxing
match but then you have to get a shoot
vote to get able to make the first they
get the ball and now submitting a long
time Volta oh yeah
Shaquille yo was free throw a prize
gobby-o
because oh oh
no okay lobster beeban as you know he's
been hanging out with us a lot Xena's up
it won't always be nice decent yay
yep no guys I'm going to do whatever
happens ever do this nozzles like
playing ball back in 1970s with them
then get the shot room in question
everybody at some dive so he scores and
I'm dying I'm like if they say what no
more if you miss you have 100k next
point wins next moment look at them
playing hard
okeydoke it seems Shaq keeps Aquila nude
with our guys mean some time as well
contest
splitting one round one this is round
one first nominee gah I've done it I'm
gonna jump over to share and ducky I'm
gonna try I love you dad
oh I got nothing to do safety double the
answer is you choke hold on offering the
content put it in both groups
I think his was more riskier so he has
to pay yes I got I'll do come on rats I
got a - - remember
less hi guys I went around to slim one
run one last round right now
alright guys what I'm doing now let's go
lay it on my chest supreme come here
maybe this one rough Oh put the head
north at with it you want yes it's cool
enough that's it that was really
sick one of you together - do we bring
it back - ha that was sick
do me gang this is that last few hours
and divide the first thing I want to say
thank you guys so so much to everyone in
quoits and Devon who came out it was so
so fun I cannot wait to come next time
and I cannot wait to turn up with you
guys you guys literally made history
also you guys also made history here in
the middle east with the 4 shows of
Quaid's
but you guys also made history because
I'm a musically superstar now because I
got featured and trending on musically
which I never knew that even like a
thing - like today and I have over
100,000 likes on musically which is
insane that's more like than what I get
on my Instagram my YouTube Twitter and
everything so musically is going to be
my new my other thing that I'm going to
use a lot more often now because you
know I'm pretty much you know slow I'm
saying I'm a musically star now and I
need to get my musically crown so let
musically know I don't know
on Twitter or something to tell them
that I need my musically crown and slim
is walking around yeah it's the one
where I didn't quoits with the homies in
quake I remember your names is Joe uh
Jenna Sarah Mosely Sandman and Ammon do
we made history we made history with a
dummy gang so this is little incense you
guys haven't watched it it's right here
this is literally insane over 103
thousand likes so now on I must start
doing daily musical ease I'm a child
address to Delhi musically because I do
daily vlogs i'ma try my best to Delhi
musically to make sure you guys go
follow me right here on musically this
is insane and I can't thank you guys
enough thank you guys so so much I never
knew I'll be musically superstar like
usually I would laughs and like laugh at
the cringing musically that my family
does
I even had cringing music lose myself I
guess since people like it I'll continue
on doing it I've tried to be creative
and cool with it so follow me a
musically comment and thumbs up everyone
I'll be following a lot of you guys I
musically other than that thank you guys
so much for everything you guys have
done literally I appreciate every single
one you guys I'm finally back home
tomorrow
finally finally back home but only for a
couple days because USA and Canada tour
it's about to go insane so if you guys
haven't got your tickets make sure you
guys get your tickets right here Adam
Savage worldwide dot-com or you can get
your tickets at the door so make sure
you guys come through and turn up with
us because that's the last tour they're
going to have I've been touring since
November until now literally means slim
have been traveling little all around
the world and has been an amazing
amazing experience I really hope
everyone who came out to the shows are
having fun USA Canada you guys are it's
your turn now to turn up have fun with
you guys and you know that's my part of
the world and then after that we have a
lot of surprises that I've been you know
working on so you guys do not know I
have on my way with Sadie and James
coming out this is the trailer coming
soon with it
that'll be on my way
I hope you guys enjoy when that comes
out it's literally going to be insane so
put hashtag on my way tweet me Sadie and
James and let us know how excited you
guys are and maybe we'll give you guys
like a release date so you guys went on
a release date the exact date tagged us
and do hash tag on my way because it's
about to get insane and it's about that
you know it's going to be it's going to
be insane this is just the beginning so
I hope you guys are ready for the
journey I love you guys I'm gonna see
you guys tomorrow
thumbs up for do me a take care peace
I like oh hey yippee ai-yay you can head
out I be on my web I really do not know
why I'm doing this for a thumbnail you
wanna be I know your father will be
proud of where you're gonna be so don't
let anybody tell you what you gonna be
Oh baby you're gonna have anything you
want from me
