hey guys what's up a do me yank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day so to anyone who's
watching this video today's video is
kind of different
I need you guys to watch the full full
video as I told you guys two weeks ago
around March 18 March 19th I told you
guys that I am getting married I did not
say who but it's someone that my family
knows and this person lives in London
some of you guys were thinking that it's
an April Fool's prank but I'm actually
here with her right now she's standing
there right now and I'm gonna reveal her
so here is my future wife come come come
yellow come no it's good no cover
yourself she's covering yourself she
says be covering us out with the blanket
come come the problem with you well wake
up get up come on come on hug me like
this take you off maybe she does this
what's wrong with you what is wrong with
you hi guys
here she is wha-ha-ha-ha-ha just a flag
and all you ever know doesn't hear my
name wait there's a plot twist to this
whole thing okay yeah you're gonna sort
of there's a huge plot twist a huge huge
plot twist that one does even though
either you know well you don't know
nothing at all you don't know now you
don't know hopefully I haven't told me
because it happened yesterday alright so
first of all this video is gonna be a
whole update video so everyone can you
know this whole thing can be cleared and
you guys are going to know everything so
around March 18 March 19 I posted a
video saying that I married well I'll
you know for an April Fool's prank a lot
of you guys caught on because I did it
last year saying that Muhsin is my son
the reason why I did this whole thing
this whole prank and nothing like that
it's not just a prank that I wanted to
do I wanted to like experiment like when
I do really get married which is
probably like not far
away because my parents my mom and dad
asked me every single day tell me every
single day like talk to me about
marriage and I've always wanted to talk
about it with you guys and I felt like
doing that April Fool's thing he was
like kind of like an experiment a lot of
you guys were really really nice and I
appreciate it so much
so then when April first came I didn't
reveal it I didn't say that
you know it's April Fool's prank I
wanted to continue it for another day or
two I made the quitting YouTube prank
just so you guys can be like what wait
hold up he's actually getting married
when I've never revealed it April first
my whole family is going crazy they
think that I'm actually getting married
and I'm not leaving home or whatever so
all my sisters a bucket I'm saying is
that something you never told us what's
going on I'm like what the hell
so they're like the whole family is
going insane it's not just you guys claw
pranked I even got my family I'm not
getting married at all
I'm still single and maybe tomorrow I'll
explain why I'm still single because
this is kind of like something that I've
always wanted to talk about like a
serious topic I'm getting a lot like a
lot of marriage talk and when I did that
video I just wanted to see how do me
gang will reply and you guys you have to
pass the experiment this is more like an
extreme you guys passed experiment and
once this video is up
hopefully my whole family can stop going
crazy because I know getting them to
this thing I came to London to get
married because I never revealed it at
April first
so this whole thing was a complete mess
this whole thing was a complete mess so
i'ma tell you guys I'm cleared up Adam
Adam Stalin Here I am not married I'm
single you got some okay no looking no
look I promise I will get married until
you get married you man we get married
together different elusive roses my some
abuses yeah my name is ivory useless
okay when Anna's on gay marriage is
gonna be crazy oh I don't know it's
gonna be big no no when I get married
means becoming rich is it Mary so that's
my dad I don't think he looks just like
you want some have Mary's here that's
all together oh hey daddy
bah bah and bah and bah bah sana when I
tell them right now they're watching us
which they probably are I don't know why
that watch that video - mater do you
want to do ocean right now in the meg
lives really how long my dad who's not
even watching I didn't know except my
mom was watching it tell Baba he needs
to watch it video what's up with it you
know it's like in Missouri was
every syllable is everyday melody
basically on the CPU so I hope you guys
understand that this has kind of like a
more of a serious topic that deals with
me and my whole life and I will explain
and talk about that tomorrow if you guys
have it if you guys reach 40,000 thumbs
up in this vlog I will reveal everything
that speak about with our mom and dad
and about why I'm single marriage this
and that whatever when I'm gonna when
it's going to happen because it is going
to really happen soon but just not now
bags of now I'm single so all the single
ladies wanna be single you don't single
if you like to like toes someplace weird
vocal fetish
no but all the single is single and
other thing but it I'm singing it put
your hands up hi guys I'm gone
forty-thousand sums up and I'll do the
whole video tomorrow you guys will see
blogs blogs are back to normal
April Fools pranks are all gone no more
pranks on you guys maybe pranks on some
other people but yeah we'll continue on
tomorrow and I'll keep you all updated
I'll see you guys tomorrow do me hang I
love you guys and I hope you guys
understand where I'm coming from because
I'm coming to that part of life where it
might happen anytime soon especially
that I'm yemeni like yemeni people like
they get married really really early
appreciate all you love everyone who's
from all these different country cities
comment below like what city do you live
in I want to see how many lengths of you
guys who live in different cities I love
seeing you know the world come together
mean so much to me thank you guys so so
much I love you guys so much
Adomian take it a lobotomy slim does not
have it a baby either
so I'm mother and I'm going to wax his
legs today so it should be no no no
that's it you know what now acknowledge
another kilo no yes I'm going to Isis
like today imma get you some whole
butter I promise you that life with
y'all I'll see you guys got a chicken
must take care and peace
I can't replace them a baby upright a
big amenity quarter every day for the
rest of my life to be big
