one two hey guys what's up a dooming
gang I hope you all have an amazing day
because we're having an amazing day so
what for having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day today it's been like the
weirdest day vroom and we woke up and
James is gone I know
where's James actually we don't know
what we don't know where's James and it
was like literally a whole crowd of
people in front of our like runaround
place so we could have been asleep cut
to it show you guys now we're in the
streets of would agree just taken a ten
minute walk and bring in too little we
never really go out like around here
only sometimes what means I'm gonna take
like a breather because we'll work a
heart inside you know what I'm saying
but yes and those are the basketball
courts under like oh no way yeah it is a
rematch so right there when you come for
arena I'll be your substitute for the
company too yes I promise I'm revenge
Adam right now vomit
hi guys those eight o'clock right now
but nothing is open literally all items
I've called you from cop stuff but it
was close there's no Starbucks there's
no nothing Dunkin Donuts around here I
don't know I can't want this subsidize
cops but they closed really are Lance
proof all right guys we just got food
for the house not an ounce of food and
we could go in there and start working
do you really think I'm putting YouTube
no never
my guitar girl I love you and I guess I
now go to ask you to man was a special
night interlude longer and organ have a
heart attack again Rihanna I'm not alone
again favor guys I know I'm not quitting
your mother sighs TV guys do we go yeah
go ahead my YouTube account yeah what is
it called yawn and ng it yes it was
a always saying I mean what's wrong I
would say last time do me getting I back
in the apartment and everyone has been
going insane because of the April Fool's
joke that I did saying I'm quitting
YouTube but what I love about you guys
what I love love love about do me gang I
said in the video let's play long let's
prank you know the world together me in
the dooming accualy we always prank each
other so like you know this time let's
just prank the world and you guys are
doing so well like I told you guys so
look like really good Marshall you got
there dope and seriously out I'm like I
feel like a proud dad just seeing you
guys you know going in I feel like I'm
proud that I don't give a lot of you
guys shout out to the Machado you guys
started a hashtag thank you for
everything
Adam Saleh this is so funny that
everyone is falling for it so if I go to
the latest tweaks you can see everything
in here look literally this seriously
makes you wanna cry because I feel like
I am quitting but I'm I'm not April
Fool's joke but like it's just like when
I keep reading it I start believing it
more and more but it's not like it is
there can be so sad but at the same time
I'm not quitting a do me hanging like I
will never leave you guys like that just
like leave you guys hanging you guys are
my everything I love you guys so much
you got to my life you guys every single
day like you guys I think about you guys
every single day and just just knowing
that I don't know you guys made my life
so much better with everything you guys
gave me happiness like I can never thank
you guys a repeat or repay you guys with
anything because you guys I don't know
you guys gave me happiness so I just
want to say thank you so so much for
giving me happiness and I'm almost had 3
million subscribers I want to like do a
huge giveaway but the crazy thing is it
my subscribers the people that watch my
videos every single day are not even
subscribe you can check on YouTube if
people who are subscribed to watch your
videos more than half of my viewers are
not even subscribed but they watch me
every single day I don't know
they don't have an account I don't know
they just go on and they're just too
lazy to just go see it but what was not
subscribed subscribe and put your
notifications on so you can see every
day like I make videos every single day
even I'm traveling towards doing you
know books secret project a lot of
adventurous weird stuff happens to me
and it's really fun and I want to take
you out and not journey so yeah
subscribe and do me I love you guys I'm
not quitting I will never quit do me I
love you guys wait so much for that also
guys I wanna give you huge shout out to
the homie money kicks that like I
just seen him I'm DJ Khaled's snapchat
this is insane my man is a what all
of our options money kicks is that he's
so humble
he's so hard-working and he's so he's so
sweet he's a really really sweet guy
this is him with DJ Khaled's brother
Rock muddy keg what do you say I go rock
collection right there dude
I'll buy some but to buy is in Miami
right now right - King scuse me I
thought they'd call me a blessing yo you
get everything and you gotta call me
while collecting right the Sun is so
cute oh you talk to one of the kings of
Dubai very muddy kick mother muddy
kicked that is so dope I love seeing my
friends doing so good I'm always happy
for them money kicks I'm so happy for
you are the man
hi guys it is the next day I'm heading
to go buy an engagement ring it's the
first time ever I bring enough to help
me out a little older than be told he
knows everything about ring so he can
help me out I'm going to buy it
I have literally so much huh I'm gonna
get bang some diamonds Louie how it goes
our first time you can buy an
arrangement huh you can have cash I have
like oh boy I don't have dollars have
pound all in cash the closer to Shaffer
hi guys I'm at the jewelry shop right
now I don't know I'm so bad at ring hey
you guys have any good engagement rings
yes what's the best 130 if I see the
best on that info up what is it called
it's to explore Empire I'm so bad or
drink called forever sorry like wow what
is it like I'll basically the most
expensive ones that meself also he just
gave me the most expensive one yes this
one equals 1,500 and all those mm nice
wow this is sick so why is the one
doughnut smallest mm well the one is
bigger mm so much work because it has
more diamond inside it more diamond
inside yeah think of the stainless the
more time you'll Ranger so confusing
good I pity the fool is it for someone
special are you in here for a fiance
yeah to be honest I liked $1,500 one but
like I'll rather get two thousand
because it's more I don't know I don't
know just like you know I mean up
because that one is more so it's like I
said not much more but like I like that
one better I don't know if you like that
one I would say ghosts what do you think
she would like that one if you were to
get nothing together to some more mm
that has girl is not good girls probably
know how many diamonds inside like yeah
didn't get that long
how'd you get mm oh yeah you guys accept
cash yes true so weird pounds I can't
shake aqua ha fit of string eternal one
oh yeah the cash is weird here look
thank you welcome hi guys
got it and hopefully fits her fingers I
don't know but so if someone would give
you like a ring like that would you like
it
yes you want that's me thank you
is that the best ring you have this is
the best being happy is oh darling what
a bliss ring ah what's up hi guys doing
think it over Sunday for the 40th time
now is good to ticket well done Michael
my window layout of ticket floor
patron Wow how do you know what kind of
paper I wrote it and act like medicine
alright I like what about you myself I'm
a son like that engine s skies it is
gonna be a blink clearance to make a new
prank its April Fool today oh my god you
know it's April for every month
hey before where everybody prank each
other
messin was sick couple days ago here he
had a fever he had a cough and his I had
like some something in his eye over here
like bitch did nothin Deena was sweating
ended with a panda and beerus question
oh that's from Deena Deena HUD mansion
garbage Lucy sorry say hi at the
beginning how cool I just want to say
this is a short vlog I didn't like much
with the kids because uh I've been
working and it was supposed to be my day
off today but I have to work and I
change it until tomorrow so don't worry
we're gonna have another flight coming
from my side tomorrow come Vemma say
good bye bye Jimmy gang okay do me yeah
I'm back in my apartment here it has
been a crazy couple days so I finally
got it today I got the two thousand
pounds one I keep seeing down two
thousand times one because I don't know
I just feel like girls will notice
notice that stuff but I'm ending the
vlog here hope you guys enjoyed this
life you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey thank you guys
for the love and support truly
appreciate it you guys made it two names
like give it a thumbs up because I want
to see how many write it down it's dual
needs out there so give it a thumbs up
I'll see you guys tomorrow do me a take
care and peace I love you alright don't
baby please
I know your father will be part of where
you're gonna be
don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna do oh baby you can have anything
you want some name
I can't replace
