making massive right hey guys what's up
adieu me hang a ho I have an amazing you
all should be an amazing happy
hey I just like what's up
I have kids whistling isn't London
obviously a lot of I miss know so much
well I'm mrs. goodness oh my I was
literally texting him
FaceTime I miss him so much and I
usually aggressive Monday in the morning
man I know he just came to a in the
morning and he literally just lady long
as I've been apart without Adam I know
it was like two weeks I it's like a
month wow that was the Lord
yeah oh my god I missed you man it's
crazy this guy but yes l'm just landed
we were heading to Leos birthday party
Leos birthday party
so I'm someone's retiring out but Saugus
awfully I'll join you in a few and say
what's up I got we had an
hour-and-a-half journey to the area I
don'ts with a small coke Galleria
because we're going to have lunch with
Leo and is like classmates and stuff
like that so we're going to be chilling
with the homie Leo I have a gift
Oh
I mean I applause where again you must
abort Oh God you disable mobile PC for
design features practical okay
Kenan we got only nas miramar third up
oh yeah hover over sir we got subscriber
is this quarter yeah
ever heard of none goes where times
acres of American I never heard Nando's
yeah this is the service you're selling
Comanche I'm the fastest idiot cool yeah
yeah anyone he can work anyone he can
beat you hey over here
I love BB I want to race me know
whenever you want
that's how I tell you don't right now oh
good
diameter said oh I like that I like that
so visible my last name is Paul look
Adam bought you one possible anyone
aboard
I'm leo I'm gonna give Leo his gift
right now what why are we looking
walking hi guys president public
as you guys can see open this open it's
a big hug oh yes that's a nice nice
anyways guys I wanna pretty set
hahahahaha I don't know to give you 30
so this is visualize it whatever I give
you
that's we can do your excellent way to
do it
Oh what put it on I feel it's alright
I'll just come tomorrow I can do I don't
know to give you so I don't know what
you like so yeah have fun right yeah you
say thank you of course yeah the other
man vo oh she take you to the head
what's up resuming yang I'm back here at
my apartment that I'm staying at in
London and today this is going to be a
unedited video because I really don't
know how to say this and it's really
hard for me to say this because I've
been doing YouTube since 2012 that's
five years ago five years ago I started
YouTube when I was 18 years old and I
never knew I would like I never know
make it this far so first of all I wanna
thank you guys from the bottom on
Hartford
bringing me to where I am today
seriously ever since I was 18 years old
every single day you guys show so much
love you guys made me who I am today so
I appreciate that so much you guys made
me the nice guy that I am you guys made
me the pure-hearted guy that I am so
appreciative eyes so so much I've been
doing daily vlogs since 2013 I don't
know if some people might not know this
or even some youtubers might not even
know this but I started daily vlog in
2013 that's four years ago I've been
coming to blogs for four years if you go
on my videos I have around a thousand
two hundred something videos that's
three hundred the 365 days in a year so
if you do the math that's around four
years
uploading every single day and I only
miss like a couple days here that I
rarely missed any any days and I think
right now it's time for me to just move
on from you to avenges I don't know just
just take this break and just see what
goes on I really hope you guys don't
like feel anyway because I know vlogging
every single day like what stop stop
it's going to be really different but I
just want to take a little mini break
just breathe some fresh air and like
just I don't know to be off social media
I don't know if this is even the right
decision to make but I feel like it is
because I feel like a machine every
single day uploaded a vlog and daily
vlog and sometimes if it doesn't come
out that well everyone oh wow you're
slacking on the vlog but people don't
know that it takes like hard work to do
daily vlogs every single they not been
doing it for four years like I can't
believe it like I see my life go by so
fast and I think about like all I'm
doing is like vlogging vlogging vlogging
every single day but yes I am having
a book coming soon yes I am having you
know tours yes I am having a movie
coming too and yes I have another secret
project and I feel like if I can just
step away from YouTube and focus on what
I'm doing with all these secret projects
I can you know just release that and
maybe after a break I can come back on
you to have like locked up emotions and
I just want to feel human again
I rarely even go outside and do like
human things that's why yesterday I just
you know I had to go out and just like
go out and like absorb like look at life
really really hard for me and I hope you
guys understand and I hope you guys are
you know still by my side every single
day because you guys have been here for
me every single time I'm down and I'll
always be there for you guys whenever
you guys are feeling down I love you all
so so much and I cannot wait to see you
guys in my future tours and to release
the serial projects but for now I'm
going to just stay off YouTube for a bit
and don't really know when I'm coming
back thank you for everything to do me
in take care and peace I love you is it
done is it done is that it done is it
that it do quick hey April I'm not
really quitting YouTube oh wait wait
wait wait don't eat yet don't even do me
anyway do me dang quick everyone
watching this every single one you guys
who are watching this right now I don't
know if I got you guys maybe a little
tiny tiny bit I need you guys to help me
up doing this April Fool's prank of me
quitting YouTube so I need your help
this is what you guys have to do leave a
comment below say anything like oh my
god I'm going to miss you or anything
tweet me anything that seems believable
that I'm quitting YouTube and thumbs up
this video I need you all everyone who's
watching this thumbs up this video so
the people that watched it before
they're going to see like a lot of
thumbs up like wow this is serious like
I can't believe it so thumbs up the
video I'm waiting for you guys come on
we're both the prank kings and do it
let's do it let's fool the people that
I'm quitting YouTube for this April
Fool's joke so we're coming together and
we can yeah we can April Fool them so
thumbs up leave a comment tweet me I'll
be retweeting following I love you guys
so much and I'm sorry for yeah
I got I gotta get you guys I gotta get
you guys every year but now we're gonna
get everyone else me and a doom again
you get everyone out so I'm but yeah I
need you guys Pitney promised me come on
pinky promise just for today
don't tell Nolan at all and just tweet
as if it's believable thumbs up as if
it's believable because it needs to get
like a lot of thumbs up so to make them
more believable so when people click on
the video they're like woah wow this
must be serious you know $45 sums up
whoa I'll see you guys tomorrow do me
hang I love you guys so so much take
care and peace free other side I like
I'm not quitting you two guys I love you
too so much it's my life I just feel
like no YouTube's amazingly I just I
can't upload I can't not upload a vlog
every day it's like I have to I need to
make you guys smile I love
don't mean this is me make it up now
sorry excuse my weirdness this is how I
make them now Big O I can't replace them
but baby I pried it big menu D burner
every day for the rest of my life to be
political
