hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you're having an amazing it because
we're having an amazing day so for
having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy hey whoa whoa what's the bumpy
ride you can know in our country when
wearing a bumpy ride but Quade show is
about to start
literally in a matter of like 10 20
minutes we'll see you guys in the next
shot it's about being crazy demurrage
McDonald's oh no sandals
we are the CEOs in the chapter I don't
know yet
yeah thank you I'm like am I doing it
let me meet you man so again how long
ago how's it going everything's good
Mike you want to just pull it the
question is that a security after Kerry
do you equate force anymore nah we're
good enough I'm doing this what's up man
oh man how you doing man you're like a
guy named Dan you can look like a guy
from new up America his name is Dan oh
yeah thanks anyway so three to go a
little back control cuz put that just
returns guys I'm bringing that out of
the state Oh sh I want to bring your not
sure he brings me broke I have it it I
rose to my stage but you know the fans
love it so we got to focus on can write
that if you guys want to see they want
to see you wanna see what he does I want
to go on so you guys go to the comments
below
you guys want to seen on the stage and
you want to see me Rosen what and if I
get money damages and losses didn't hear
me or you yeah but I'm broke - you're
late I'm going to I am an angel yes to
make sure that you get here exam yeah I
just put a show on for the fund okay but
let's let me say something
okay we're having a huge argument that
you might want to do next it's like that
if I want to roast you that anything I
said oh so much entertainment for you it
night McCain
so I don't have the advanced oh my God
why did I know that was it yo me baby
because you burned my iniquity shit you
live on I would have won there was a is
the one but my change very very nice but
also would not ethically burn a teacher
in an example so the ring is he has no
sympathy whatsoever because he thinks
he's a local firm but you know what
Saji me
it's just like you know that a pussy
others with Allah Julie Suki make miss
Annie's work after all
I'm going am back twice now one for
recording me snoring yeah good if you
pull and then one woman at each if it'll
get you time we got whole ten days to
catch I guess what pretty damn remote is
there nothing I know you're here this is
crazy people are sold out here quick
everyone just got it and be some so
surprising like wow they know ed Sheeran
song you know the week in fog we have
such as cereals I stand that because the
people we met so far Queen they really
say spoke English summer words like what
it's like in the show we speak English
to like what if they won't know like one
to ten but now they're in enough for
them they don't want to say that loud
wrong boys everywhere it everybody no I
mean really don't have to living it why
can't believe we have fourth blood shows
include I can't believe it
this is day one the good thing about is
forces up those between so we don't have
to take a flight every single day we
just go straight up away with it quick
I'm love with you guys I'm loving you
guys in your place
you'll not awake a sytem is your fate Oh
baby go everybody
Jim ready for you know we're always
hungry
roll
I can't believe Quinn through crazy rope
me Mom
wait you stupid up the food room oh
that's all right
huh this is the song that someone
screams go another good came out of it
here even less because it's really
really bad ready speak the fight me
pick up some clothes
we was more excited than me but it shows
every single time you love the shows you
want the love ourselves you know what's
that I consume us hurry with it no no no
no no visible way too bad her my tears
you know that we must stop stop what the
heck you got it you gotta stand your
voice you know you're a fan girl are you
a fingers everything I told you not to
do it
who's my girl worry I'll be ready to
party okay are you coming tomorrow
dr. doom again I just got done with my
first at my intro video it all wrong I
just stand up and I'm doing some comedy
skit so I'm on leave just does not
happen 10 minutes to get ready who's on
the stage to an extent he's killing it
then I'm being dirty as summer splashes
have like 6 minutes ago right now but
the thing I needed like practice and her
little man put it everyone cool got it
into me gang the show is over the show
took like two hours not three degrees
it's on the movies took another two
hours altogether was four hours it was
amazing I want to get a chance to vlog
more but the thing is that all all the
times on your guys's behavior and today
it was like that but it's not bad like I
love is crazy but they don't allow me to
bring the vlogs you guys are savages so
be low-key savages don't be hi-c savages
be low-key savages I'm gonna give you
guys some hints and some tips to get
through security especially for these
next show don't stand a leg up yet next
class see you next time alright guys
finally headed back to the hotel he shot
at the squad hey what's up squad right
here thank you guys look at us
that's three month thank you guys hook
it up this guy's brother so gun willing
to stop I'll tell you that easily just
remember Robin he when you're chewing
any hoses Hodgins it's a crime Hank are
you okay Rema investing ever is eating
after the show especially like oh you
did a whole meet agree and just
literally taste oh my god help a lot
because you guys always reap snacks like
food itself - thank you guys so much
wow this is beauty okay like chicken
farm I what did you call
green beans - Wow five notches pryzbo
violin I got a charge of green bean
fries agreement uh did you get it take
to healthy though and I got me sushi
right hair state you the fork that's it
we may just use a fork what the heck
look she's drawing my wife what's it got
mongolian beef right here this is such a
food sorry guys
as far as you guys one hungry I'm just
really hungry right now so yes villa or
eats mm except a doobie gang we just got
back to our suite here in quoits and
i'ma tell you guys some hints and tips
about the security and with the homey
degrees especially in Queens and maybe
in Dubai so I'm going to say this real
quick and I'm say real fast
don't tell anyone I've said it don't
finish on you come try to help you guys
out so what a security or if anyone
tells you guys only one picture no
selfie and you're there and just like
and you don't know what to do don't
argue with them don't say that like no
but I want to tell you to stay quiet
look at me and just like put your phone
down whatever and let them take whatever
pictures of full picture hopefully you
have an extra phone if your friends are
there so you can have an excerpt phone
and then while they're taking that
picture I'm going to take the other four
gonna just sneak in the selfie right
there and I know the security is going
to hate me but I just feel like doing
that selfie just like 5 10 seconds but
it's their rules and I have to follow
their rules but I'm here trying to give
you guys you know sneak your rules to go
through and be low-key savages so you do
that just follow the rules just say yes
but when you like give me that look just
give it to me I'll sneak in it and I'll
do it really fast of the real quick
selfie look quick like shout out the
only reason why they're so quick hearing
equations because I guess like they're
another kind of strict here and meet
some we have to meet around like two
three hundred people every single day
and like there's a time limit to this
venue where has to be closed and stuff
like that so they need to like hurry it
up well yeah but that's that's pretty
much my only tip that I've seen today up
that's pretty much all there's pretty
much all my tips I'm going to see me to
have more tips tomorrow
Vande with quays you guys were so
amazing thank you guys so much for like
literally everything
brought so many hips I'm going to open
up baby tomorrow but the day after
tomorrow you guys were so loud your
energy was the same I cannot wait to
perform for the next three shows i'ma
see you guys tomorrow do me gang take
care or peace I like life I let him to
me hand up
don't baby please be more you want to be
I know your father will be proud of who
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want amazing I
can't replace from a baby opera
