hey guys what's up it's a brand new day
today
say what it's a brand new day today say
what it's a brand new day out here in
London see I got this is the wrong
channel hey guys what's up adieu me yang
I hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day so
today's video was going to be different
it was going to be a vlog where I showed
you guys my different hairstyle that I
was going to do and show it to youtube
and my older brother Abe vlogging The
Addams Family so we can show you guys so
that was going to be today's vlog but I
decided to change it up a little bit
because someone must be stopped and the
way I must stop this kid there's two
ways I'm going to tell you guys at the
end of this video how we're going to
stop this kid and you guys do me gang
are going to decide so if you guys do
not know I'm in London right now working
on this big huge secret project almost
James and Divya Australian homies and
while we're here working on the secret
project in between we'll have like mini
breaks and in between our breaks James
and Divi showed me some video there's
this youtuber who does like kissing
pranks literally his whole channel is
kissing pranks like I'm not even joking
this dude has a homeless additional
kissing prank he has a cops Edition
kissing prank he has a celebrity edition
kissing prank and just not long ago he
released a Muslim edition kissing prank
Muslim edition kissing prank
so I already saw the video because James
and Divi showed me and I was absolutely
disgusted literally disgusted I didn't
know how to react to the video I was
just watching it speechless like what is
this dude doing so since I watched it
already I'm gonna bring Adam Wilson
usually a solace to react to the video
dude is lucky it's not Adam sorry it's
gonna be Adam Mawson yasala thumbs up do
me a thumbs up thumbs up thumbs up hello
everybody
long time no see how is everybody doing
you're doing good good yes very good I
haven't been on the YouTube for a very
very long time that's because I wanna I
want my son Adam solace to you know be
the star you know when I come I be the
star if I always and videos we're gonna
get 20 million subscribers and then I'm
gonna be taking a spotlight and I don't
want to take the spotlight of my son
they call me the Adam Michael Jackson so
show all the love
Solana adamson yes I'm just here for a
special appearance to watch a stupid
video that my son Adam told me to wash
so let's see let's see how it goes
what up invaders Chris here right so
today I mean that's Nemus be if you guys
didn't this is lem holobyte with it it
is LEM simple live this is Lim I'm gonna
make it that smack you so hard it won't
be a brand new day today anymore it'll
be a brand all day yesterday let's
continue watching this video
so I'm actually half version so today
I'm gonna try to find some beautiful
Muslim girl system as always let's do it
I love a little boys visit he said he's
gonna find beautiful Muslim girls and
kiss them you know Tom slim why are you
doing this funny stupid
well are you stupid we're Iran that's
pretty good song was it her job or user
director resident wait what's what's
wrong was it her job is the wind blowing
it this is not how you what her job this
is how none wet it this is not how
Muslims with it stop her like and see
her head I can see if it's it's red it's
it's ariana grande thing alright this is
totally crazy
they probably don't see this in Iran but
I wanted to know you want to play a
really quick game with rod system if I
was you and you're from Iran I would
have gotten you get it I 10 I did know
okay yeah let's okay you had a really
quick game of rock-paper-scissors Rick a
nice little Cuban area put this in doing
favor you home Adams oh my goodness oh
my goodness how can I rewind life let me
rewind like they want please what did I
just see this guy is a stupid what did I
just see along if I ever catch my son
doing this if I ever catch my son doing
this he is dead meat dead meats but the
meat will be Helen you know because I'm
not going to make you that you know
Haram meat can make you dead Helen me
where are you worried from Saudi Arabia
you know how I know she's not Saudi
because how the woman they know how to
match you know that style is very very
good you know this woman right here she
is not mashing and Saudi woman they know
there
fashion they know that fashion this girl
right here she looks like the American
flag so this video is not real this
imagine arrived here is wearing the head
job that five-year-olds wear that hijab
is for little kids
Karima you know this Fatima's this guy's
slim or the guy that looks like slim
right sellers making this video
no Muslim girl once once the kiss you
because this video is not real if my
wife sees you she will not kiss you she
would smack your face so hard and she
would throw it to the mountain soon this
again you your hands there I can laughs
you like it without responding away fast
I can slap your face
are you down I want to run like this yo
yo yo we all know oh my goodness oh my
goodness you're pretty strong you're
from Turkey okay are you visiting at
least if you buy the ha job and we you
know want to fake the video and put it
on the girl at least put it on you know
correctly you never watch the hijab
tutorial video he never watched my wife
Sarah
you know the her job total videos he
makes the best videos the best it should
be subscribe and give it a thumbs up I
can't believe I'm doing this but I'm
doing a head job total video for this
you
doing
and that is how you put on a head job
it's not like see this will actually
laugh at me I can't I can't do this all
right
rock paper scissors I win oh my goodness
oh my goodness is it done is it done huh
huh I least invent the motor give me
some thumbs remote I need some the motor
there's no evolution this one's gonna
make me go let me see conditioner
well I disguise is stupid you're very
very stupid and you're very
disrespectful so right now I'm going to
tell you guys two ways two ways how this
guy must be stopped
I just found out it's not slim handle
aha my goodness oh it's gonna go crazy
for slim I just found out it's not slim
the first one is have a boxing match
with slim this guy have a boxing match
with slim because you know he thought
like slim slim would knock is another
one is me as a machine yasala
doing a diss track on him so this video
right now you're watching is going to be
to be continued if you want to see a
diss track on him or do you want to see
him and slim have a boxing match so you
guys let me know in the comments below
what you guys want to see boxing match
or district we will choose it only if
this video gets 40,000 thumbs up so
everyone watching right now give this
video a thumbs up 1 this is stupid
washes the feed you he's gonna see
40,000 thumbs up or maybe more he he has
to be stopped
I'm done here I am done I'm done oh my
goodness I am done people are knocking
on my door right now I don't know if
this you know my baby side I'm gonna go
see her right now so I'll see you guys
tomorrow do minggaang i love you guys so
so much you guys are amazing you guys
are the best I love you guys so so much
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I love you to be continued baby no
you wanna be
Oh your father will be proud of who
you're gonna be go don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be oh baby you
can have anything you want to me
