hey guys what's up and boom again I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing Natesville but I
having an amazing day you all should be
having and it makes me happy then do
beginnig meet us so much to talk about
today but let's start off by opening up
something for the peel box thank you
guys so much for sending them stuff off
you boxes right here and let's see what
this is yeah I really hope it doesn't
pop I'm like afraid to open up your box
now because you guys sometimes try to
prank me and stuff and last time I
messed up one two three look at this
Wow it says and Allah is the best of
providers suit ups and Jamaat the holy
man this is a saying in the fat this is
sick I'm going to put this either here
or here thank you so much I love quotes
like this this shows no name I don't
know who sent it but thank you so much
to the person who sent it I would love
to have like a quote in like
inspirational stuff around my balls so
even when I'm recording you guys get to
see you know you guys gonna see
everything behind the we pictures fan
art whatever you guys think in a few
days thank you
yo why do you guys look so salty man you
guys okay I'm not traveling I'm here I
know
well actually I might be traveling like
in a few days actually are like wow
because three minutes like that's part
love war like what I do you know I'm
saying
oh my god man he's got this sure okay
I'll get us got my mistake
I'm gonna say I'm never gonna go okay
I'm never gonna go okay I'm never gonna
go he's told me please don't go out a
little bit
I'll never go Mawson but I have to go
now I have to now do be gangster really
gave me a really really good idea she
said we should make a video of how to do
what how to make what how to make slime
like I have no clue how to make slime
but Rima knows all the ingredients we
need to get video over there so good
Rima but most are seniors now you're
just flexing now you just flexing on
everyone
what do you do you just did a split
everybody just did you know make a
muscle doing a split the split I think
like when you evolve like I mentioned
about that I'd better take it offensive
or nothing but like some people did like
some of my fellow members did I
personally did it like I didn't some
people some of the fans did some of the
fans did it but I'm yeah now Remos
against him in oh look at a stretch and
she is ready to go and what is he doing
get up fussing wake up come on what are
you doing most of the stuff you guys I'm
getting our oh man yeah one was too
crazy I'm going I'm going down to slim
I'm going dancing I'm seeing I'm going
I'm going
hi guys we also have the homie slimmy
slim out it was that man yeah one thing
about some sushi man you're actually
getting slim man like product slim stay
slim is good I know we have a show too
much in the vlog when they still have
been working out every single day not
only that I think eating right was most
pointed to like we living stop yeah yeah
I'll be bad you think is like we
allotted Alex Young who did some I know
man especially you man now
I think Elise a little eat greens man
only
I thought like the day slim mike is
gonna eat vegetables and salads one the
day pigs fly you know so Fletcher never
if you keep looking back at our old laws
think you always say oh we're starting a
new diet it's not the longest night ever
boxing trend that YouTube is making
everyone fit like it's a good thing yeah
but at the same time is creating so much
beef man you should make a world like
boxing so ever it can be fitting man oh
man it's crazy
also looming yeah I got some great great
news nos just sent me the final version
of Instagram famous they're finally
putting out to iTunes they're finally
editing a music video and it should be
out I don't want to say anywhere but
let's expect them a week or two here
nothing for me yet I'll still get famous
gone oh you could do me gang another
thing I don't really vlog is one means
slim hit the gym and go workout you have
to training man if you guys do not know
and we haven't been really showed or
training because what you guys seen in
the first day of my playback with the
Spartan that I was doing trust me you
guys are not seeing what's going on
right now means slim Miller next time
we're gonna fly like next time make a
fun man I'll make a fun I want to see
how many punches I can do in one minute
that'd be dope right that's good I want
to see how many punches I just one here
that's when you're in one place all
right we'll see it okay we'll see how it
goes
thumbs up you guys want to see that
thumbs up thumbs up doom again so right
now can be reacting to some hate
comments that I've been getting cuz I've
been seeing a lot of kiss I fans who
have been commenting on my videos
literally going crazy yourself but
you'll also have you chat out to a lot
of kiss our fans a lot of you guys have
been showing love and like you know
given respect I respect you guys so much
you shout out to a dhimmi gang but there
is a couple of people who talk so much
crap and I literally want to respond to
it and just shut them up also because
these days I would never shut up I
remember back in the days I have to play
this innocent guy would be like oh my
god it's okay you can bully me you can
do whatever you want I'm the nice guy
I'm a nice guy I hope you all haven't
gonna be named because
I'm having an amazing day so with Mama
making fun of my entry we gotta do again
you guys know what I mean I'm just gonna
read some hate comments that people have
been commenting and I'm gonna let you
guys know why they sound so dumb okay so
the first one says so basically they
took your license off you because you
were fighting untrained civilians
instead of fighting experienced fighters
so he's trying to say is that except my
boxing license because I used to beat
the crap out of people out of random
strangers random people false that is
wrong buddy
the reason why I got my box and license
taken away is because I had fights yes I
have street fights with people who
didn't have a boxing license but these
people they came to meet me pulled up on
me in a car they came with their mothers
they came with their parents they came
with their boys why would they want to
bring to fight me and when you have like
hundreds of people around you I have no
choice but to fight I grew up in Harlem
in the high school that I went to was in
Harlem people there man they fight I
don't know what you grew up where I grew
up at people came up to you and just
wanted to fight you for no reason at all
and matter of fact me having my boxing
license it made people want to fight me
even more
10:36 shops outside man so let me tell
you guys something about what I said
yesterday when I said side man like I
left the side minute I don't know
everyone inside man what I missed was
brought to Shaw and count freezy
I believe they are in the Seidman crew I
wouldn't be mentioning their name but
both of them are douchebags I see them
once a month in with ksi this is the
time when I seen ksi and his side man
crew his cybernetic crew will actually
broke the Shah and Cal crazy they came
up to me shoulder man oh my god Adam saw
the what's up man how's it going
they even took a picture with me and
posted it on their Twitter I was already
having a feeling that they were kind of
sketchy because you know like I had a
good eye for spotting fake ones and
those two people from assignment are
phonies
they legit pretended to be so nice to
the picture with me and posted a picture
talking crap and
no they're fine man leader is ksi that's
the person that I want to beat the phone
and then the next day I seen wroetoshaw
I don't know if he's on drugs or
anything but he posted a tweet where he
had what I had like put like
instrumental music in the background and
he wrote with the caption like laughing
as well this is too funny I mean before
I lost a little bit of respect for him
but when he tried to play me but then
when I seen that I was like that's it
that's confirmed like I have no respect
for this dude at all no respect at all
you will never see me respect you and if
I ever do see you in your face broke
Tushar look if I ever do see you I will
confront you I'm not scared
when I say something I do it but yes I
know your leader I know your daddies
can't sign so I'll come after your dad
and I'll come after you to it do me
again I'm done reading comments right
now I'm actually about to go to my dad a
shout-out to everyone who's given
prayers to my dad he's in the hospital
and he will be there for a few days
it just kind of sucks how old this I
never really want to mention it because
I don't want to give like a negative
vibe to the vlogs but still I see every
single one of you guys who show a lot of
love like seeing my dad in the hospital
like sometimes you know sleeping all day
kind of hurts me but it's all good and I
always think it positive I still gotta
always be positive but I still will
always be savage Adam and I will not let
anyone like to take advantage of me
anymore I'm done with this shit I'm done
I'm heading out I'll see you guys when
I'm back home again
take care and facia do me gang so I'm
gonna end the vlog here I know the vlog
was kind of short so I'm gonna tell you
guys the date Instagram famous is gonna
be out it is gonna be out drumroll
you
be ready it's about to get crazy you
guys are about to break the internet
let's do it a doobie gang also I will be
performing with baby boom in Birmingham
laughter what happened let me to look at
you play games so if you guys want to
come through come through Birmingham I
can't wait to also March 10th is the day
the tickets are out for my UK tour and
for the Far East Indonesia Malaysia
Singapore Australia and all of you
okay so UK get ready March 10 is about
to get crazy it's gonna be even
Wow not but seriously first-come
first-serve do me gang get you guys you
guys do not want to miss it I'll see you
guys tomorrow
take care subscribe pigs love I love
