already what all right let's go ready
set go
hey guys what's up for do me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so report
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy aah
I'm here with the one and only what's
your name yeah what's your name man
you sure what okay I guess his name is
Rima so today's video is going to be
kind of different so around last week I
leaked my mother's phone number by
accident in a vlog I was facetiming with
Rima and I was facetiming with Mauston
while I was in London and then Muhsin
hangs up on me on FaceTime and somehow
my mom's number just comes up usually
want to edit I'm like half asleep
because I have to edit every single day
so I'll make like sometimes like grammar
mistakes I'll make a little dumb mistake
so I forgot to take out the part where
her number appeared my mom's numbers
showed on the vlog for like a good
second I even probly like a half a
second and everything what crazy the
whole scenario went insane I called my
mom and I was trying to tell her that
her number was leaked by me by accident
like a whole scenario happened and I
decided to make it into a skit so you
guys can watch it and enjoy it and see
what really happened ready biscuit yeah
you ready to watch us kit yeah why don't
you know how to talk you yeah
remakes know how to talk with you either
age hey I owe love hey Adam okay
I love hey a doobie gonna say my name
rule is Oh Mawson ever wanted to do this
Arriba when she was younger I always had
to teach her to speak I never really do
it Tomas and maybe that's why he doesn't
really know how to speak much like Rima
because when Remo with his age she's to
speak a lot a lot more you're gonna put
you in the Hareton and his in I'm gonna
do a little handset before we start the
skit okay I need you guys to screenshot
this when I do it and tweet it to me
and whatever has the best screenshot
I'll retweet it okay ready okay let's go
stand up don't sit on me stand up okay
oh yeah don't freeze shouting yeah I go
on like all me what's it I'm gonna try
to do with one hand
a set like oh I'm really like a Lego me
as it is up hands up hands up heads up
heads up you park head up with it he
said to me
Eddie handle Ready Set uh I got three
shut that screws up a committee again
hey say thumbs up mmm they enjoy the
skit did enjoy a skit okay do me a enjoy
the skit this is what happened don't
mess up my camera because this is what
happened when I leaked my mom's number
by accident and yeah enjoy the skit give
it a thumbs up and if you guys want more
skits thumbs up and I'll see you guys
I'll see you guys in the next shot enjoy
it enjoy this kid I'll see you guys do
me getting I just uploaded a new vlog
make sure you guys check it out leave a
thumbs up in the comments you guys want
to be in my neck snapped nialaya habit
the I was getting by bluetooth for $60
by God my son
Adams man Ben and Anna and I'm wearing
it on my head right now and it's better
than bluetooth it's so so good I can hit
my head so many times the phone don't
work well I is good I see all your
tweets Azumi egg I see you're a sweet oh
wait no way no freakin way
oh my god oh my god mom is gonna kill me
my mom is gonna kill me
I just leaked my mom number oh my god I
need a coroner happy how you do it
I have another call from Adam okay wait
wait wait a lot of stupid mama I have to
tell you something what do you want to
tell me you have a wife
no it's something it's something kind of
bad oh my goodness don't tell me that
you wanna sell him on any relationship I
know it's all along he's played that big
today Sophia so no one would know that
you guys are together right right
no mama soon as my best friend it's
something else it's something worse
what is it let alone a donate honey what
is it tell me now um yellow hurry up I
kind of leaked your number by accident
in the vlog tammas Baxter that's what
you got me for don't ever call me again
waste my time like this yeah i won okay
mama you don't understand your numbers
out there it's almost 3 million people
yelling shut up I was having a very very
serious phone call don't call me for
stupid stuff okay bye
I don't think she knows what I mean
sorry honey the elements understood with
guarding me so listen he's calling me
again wait wait wait hello mama look a
leaky number in my vlogs a thunderstorm
is about to come you're gonna have like
thousands of calls and I'm here to say
sorry before before anything what lie is
you called me again about the stupid
stuff I'm gonna make habitat sit down
you mama so dumb what the heck man oh
she's gonna kill me
well I am so sorry honey I'm sorry she's
gonna go crazy once she finds out oh my
god he calls me all the time for the
stupid stuff someone is calling me
someone is calling me from Australia you
you what do they want this is a
commercial for kangaroos
someone's college is Australia you do
you someone is calling me from London
huh maybe it's the Queen's maybe it's
the Queen Tran economy tell me that I'm
the real Queen oh my god oh my gosh
what's going on someone try to call me
right now from Amsterdam someone is
calling his room answer them all of a
tram is telling me we did something
yellow is going on all my goodness
give me one second happy I'm gonna call
Adam right now and see what's going on
hello hello what's happening to my phone
i weekly number by accident why didn't
he tell me before yeah well I did tell
you I was trying to tell you before when
I called you no you didn't you didn't
tell me nothing
yes I did I called you twice and you
won't go so you're calling me a liar
you're calling me a liar
No so I'm a liar now your own mother is
a liar now no mom no I'm just saying a
little number by accident tell me what's
going on why is everyone calling me does
the president want to meet me because if
you wants to meet me I can't meet him
I'm busy I leaked your number mama your
number is on YouTube it will kill my
nobody's on YouTube you why would you do
that
almost but I'll try to tell you is by
accident an accident it's an accidental
I see it's an accident like when I have
you yes you want a mistake what the heck
so many people are calling so many
people are calling me you know in my
phone you imagine what I wanna see you
you are dead meat oh my gosh I'm done
when I go home I am done when I go home
okay do me young it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoy this life
we did make sure give it a thumbs up
thumbs up and go thank you
go cookie I hope you all enjoy this kit
I'm going to do a lot more skits so make
sure you guys give it a thumbs up leave
a nice cute positive comment and I'll
see you guys in quate we have 4 shows
for back-to-back shows and equate and
Dubai is going to be a free show they
have changed the venue for divine to an
outdoor venue so there's no capacity
literally no capacity it's a free show
everyone is welcome you do not need a
ticket just show up you're going to see
me
slim Rima Naz my parents are going to be
there
Slim's parents are going to be there
it's literally going to be insane I do
request
who's ready in the but I do me but I
told you guys I'm going to come back but
the bike do not let me down make sure
guys come through all the permissions to
where it's going to be at it's right
here I think is River land I River
Island I've know something like that
Dubai I'll see you guys that
April 22nd device and before that in
quoits I love you guys take care and
peace I like baby believe me who you
wanna be
I know your father will be part of who
you're gonna be don't let anybody tell
you what you're gonna be Oh baby you can
have anything you want amazing
I can't replacement but baby I
practically lalala I have y'all gonna
buy blue nialaya having the alligator by
bluetooth for $60 by god oh my goodness
don't something you want to slim a
little bit oh my goodness oh my goodness
don't tell me you want slimmer in a
relationship I know it I know it you
bought son a relationship don't tell me
you would slip on a relationship
oh my goodness don't tell me that you
want slim or in a relationship
don't tell me that you want slimmer in a
relationship
relationships oh my goodness no tell me
that you want them all in a relationship
don't tell me I know what all along you
yo yo yo yo
someone is calling me from London right
now someone is calling phenomena is it
the queen is it queen Lahav Sydney Hey
yeah
