hey hey guys what's up you doing again I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy time I need
to start doing my intros in like a
different language or something like
that like in French like Bonjour Madame
go back to if you're not having an
amazing wee-wee day then I should edit
over I've never know the comments below
even a comments below like writing my
intro in the language that you know
either it's French Arabic Danish Spanish
I don't know just write it in your
language in the comments below and maybe
the next day maybe tomorrow I'll say in
that Lao try my best to say in that
language but today I got you guys a
really really dope video involves me and
Muslim yesterday morning I logged Muhsin
waking me up because he wakes me up so
crazy and so weird so I decided to vlog
the way he wakes me up and it's the
cutest thing ever
but it's the most annoying thing ever so
I decided to show it in today's vlog but
before I show it today's vlog I'm going
to go out and take a ride with the
skateboard because I still do not know
how to use the skateboard for a bit so
I'm going to go out you skip on for a
bit and probably meet up with the homie
Mona key and I'm going to come back and
you guys are going to see the footage
where muscle is trying to wake me up so
I'll see you guys in the next shop a
doobie gang I'm outside with my wife
right here I broke up with my electric
bike now just electric skateboard is my
wife so I'm about to go on a ride I'm
gonna go see the key right now I'm going
to stop by he's near me near my crib so
I might as well go see him
say what's up probably boil down for a
bit and then head home so I'm up wish me
luck hopefully I'll ride good get shadow
clock and skateboard at the same time hi
guys doing
what's up not only going with family
give it I do a little bit alright we're
gonna have a race me anyway we're gonna
have a race between two types of
I need to get an ankle brace because
ever since I injured my ankle I need an
ankle brace for my ankle let me get an
ankle brace then i'ma have to Nicki I'm
gonna keep my skateboard there while I
get the ankle brace hopefully no one
steals my skateboards I'm looking for
our ankle very silent video quick New
York City people will steal yourself not
even know which one is a good ankle Rhys
well skateboard is still there yeah but
bad throw
try it looks good Eva I do uh you sure I
just want you to break your leg pull a
ball I'm not oh but like go smooth trust
me you don't like just go like that
it'll just blow you huh yeah slam texted
me right now there's a video about it I
promised his older brother thought up
that I'm going to give him a do me gang
shirt and I haven't gave him a Jew me
gang shirt so he's going insane and he's
a savage though it's my guys it's not I
promise
give me like a couple days or Nick
Garcia I'm gonna give you the dummy in
shirt I don't have any extra one so I'll
give you mine
I personally give you my way my man Kate
gotcha
hi guys we headed to the basketball
courts look at this beautiful view of
the Hudson right here look it's like
sick most terrible I know I those are
the Trump Towers there see this I'm
sorry ladies yeah it was a tough time I
go like this to the chump town nice to
play here when I was 12 years old plus
11 years ago and last time I came here
at a huge fight and I never showed up
again
I've been off so bad that I was like you
know what I can't come but if I come
again they catch me they're going to
bring like everyone on me but wow this
looks so bad in to the court under the
highway right here yo seriously the
court seems to be so much better now
that it's so cracked up there's no nests
or anything but that is such a New York
basketball court okay okay I see
it is early in the morning right now
it's like 9:00 a.m. I hear Mustang
outside so I thought this is the perfect
time to show you guys what Muhsin does
to me whenever I'm sleeping this is how
he wakes me up and it's so annoying
every single day my doorknob doesn't
even work so anyone can just come in my
room I don't even have a bed I sleep on
the floor
don't judge me I'd rather sleep on the
floor instead of a bed for now I hear
your mind out so I'm gonna pretend to go
to sleep and then we're gonna see what
goes on all right let's do it
thumbs up the GU Niang Scott I think I
hear him hard I'm gonna knock so you
come in
Oh
Kampai
I'm fine
ah I almost broke my laptop Connie why
do you keep waking me up why did he wake
me up it's not funny
get out of my room get out get out every
time I'm trying to sleep
you come and wake me up respect your
uncle okay mmm kid is so bad
okay do me gang I hope you guys all
enjoy this like if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so much for I love and
support that I got show every single day
seriously I appreciate you guys so so
much thank you thank you thank you I
can't thank you guys enough every single
day because you guys always make me
smile so I really hope these lugs at
least can make you guys smile or like
make you guys feel a part of my family
because you guys are my family so I'll
see you guys tomorrow do me AK take care
or alone oh baby please be who you want
to be I know your father will be powder
for your honesty don't let anybody tell
you what you gonna be oh baby you're
gonna have anything you want to make
