Oh do it no take it out hey guys what's
up it's doing me yang I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day this is my last couple
hours here in New York City
I'll miss up family I'll get it is no
family nothing you love me yes you want
to go outside
yes you are you dumb yeah you wanna go
play in park yes is any muffin yes oh
you wanna fall down and like cut your
hair bald doing it poop yes you do
chocolate Boop we love poop yeah Wow how
much do you love poop love it a lot
yes how much a lot yeah why do you keep
it if you ever been known to being yes
yes yes I'm dead I'm dying you monkey
it's a monkey it's such a monkey are you
doing huh you love looking at yourself
huh hey week is enough what gives with
Eddie hey
this little monkey what are you a monkey
yeah um do you look like one yes you
want to look like hums when you go up
yes you want to be like do you call it
when you grow up yes I'm a missus boy so
so much I'll miss you
seriously I'm mrs. kid so mom I'm gonna
be gone for two and a half weeks but I
got more sent some slime that we're
gonna play with right now I don't know
why but I find slime really like this
really really like I don't know satisfy
huh play this Oh what the heck
okay here here you go gosh I want to
play too
my mom is vacuuming him back everyone's
gonna tell me back and I'm gonna be away
for a while muffin because Wow yeah is
coming for sure what is it
Wow smells like more like so how do you
make slime there's a hiccups come on has
the hiccups hiccups yeah hi guys I'm not
to pull out that steak knife and I had
and I was show it in front of Marcin and
Rima I'd love free Messina before out
most of what you do heat all the slime
not know how my son's gonna react but
let's try it out what are you doing
look you made a huge month you know what
he deserves to be pranked but you
deserve you prick you deserve ah that
mustn't stop I'm doing it I don't care I
don't care I'm doing I'm pranking I
don't care stop being a bully he's such
a bully Oh
oh don't cry I decided oh I've always
loved you Oh No
take it out it's like baby you know I
just feel like this is living like a
plastic night doesn't feel like nothing
try it try it
it's very much try to scare us big money
thank you
you know the key miss you did a few a
header you never saw what data a
surprise dream I never seen this you
know I see the video behind why'd you do
this
Wow Rima you don't want some videos I do
they didn't see the one I did with this
hider no wow I did know that I did not
know that's why I'm sad you know what
you know watch my blood you know clearly
you didn't watch one of me hide in it
are you I know what your memory
yeah hello Jonathan I know what
ARIMA I'm heading to London yep but I'm
gonna go see Hamza and Highland because
I haven't seen him for a while and I'm
gonna go see this for 20 minutes before
I leave and then after that I'm heading
to London so adieu me gay I just got the
hands that had his house right now how
does it say what's up so
miles will refine or look at my hair
grow back faster last ova stop I'm gonna
get you back boss hums oh you know hey
Jim I love the way you say almost on
about you get your leg in with what I
got
you'll also multigrain my lost our Casa
yeah Heather I had a sofa but good night
was good you want to play a game of
what's okay yeah bitches tell that times
I got the new bill TV like this
mashallah look so don't really come like
this it still looks street even so and
when you go this side it's still look at
this is take look at it and the shelves
right here like this oh this is a sick
Wow mashallah this is dope thumbs up hey
you know what song is that
yeah guess the thing that I know Terry
out that it's a what aware of the
Monsanto nope Eddie what god I love you
Abby Smallwood hundred you know the guy
is a phony justice and stuff huh
he's from the UK loves it but we're
about to play a game 2k right now I
haven't played for a while I'm not that
good but imma choose I would be Lawrence
I close it I Lord who are you back I'm
giving you the Warriors lair and he's
going to be Lakers that at all times is
getting murdered past that point
second quarter oh I don't know 21 the
first point of the game
this widows who this handle again Coley
brought it when here honey when he was
number eight when he had a hair like
that his time sign look fuck it that's
what you have been doing you know
well some courage is later how do you
watch this half-court shot oh of course
not
Oh half-court shot step skirt with the
shot boy you been a backcourt violet I
got I'll be a house in the game
82 71 do me a lick these hoverboards
are so 2015 right here
hey mrs. otter oh hi guys I was a good
game Hansa - who do you need any place
for playing well I'm heading I'm heading
to London I'm going to miss you guys so
so much Jessie my I'm missing so much
and I will see you guys when I'm back
you good and when I come back I want to
see you muscles it must be honest and I
guess it's alright I gotta see you guys
see you next time one two back oh yeah
we love the baby with James and we are
here baby
what's up this is our secret projects on
secret personal I don't know about the
first one you watch the song it's gonna
keep really crazy I'll miss you videos
yeah I'm not everywhere all don't
looking slim man is coming soon you
definitely come from so Lucy I'll go and
we're gonna we're just taking a scope
around our neighborhood with Dave's
though what's up should we speak most of
it we will focus on what you're good to
me let's go that one over there looks do
it I'll go down yes I literally just
landed we're about to eat have some
lunch
and after that we're gonna be working or
shit well she's Willy's also
oh wow disbelieving oh my god and look
at how the construction worker got me
shook you got some hummus from the
Turkish with us not and we get some mix
of off already heat
I'm an oddity thank you in Turkish
cooler as you collect happiness
everything is really our Nairobi outside
I thought a restaurant thank you I love
you guys you guys so sweet I'm your sign
so funny oh my god good lighting up and
I appreciate you so much thank you guys
guys I love you guys so sweet thank you
guys
what a good welcome to London and shout
out to the coolest dad right here
hi guys you just got done eating this is
out of Parma that we're going to be here
for the next two to three weeks we've
been working really really hard I'm so
happy to have my favour Australia James
and busy and homey Sadie and Ronnie
they're not here though but hopefully we
get to see them having a good day oh
yeah gobo is given an apartment tour and
then yeah basically I'm limbo gene I'm
living with I never like live without
fur so we're gonna see how it goes on so
you guys I'm TV courtesy from the toilet
shoulder is leather so it has the
advantage of that why do you put the
light outside the things we are right it
looks like if someone could just mess
with you just close it like Freddie
so to begin here is the normal messaging
it still is here you would just like
turn off the light whenever you're
inside just like letting rooms kitchens
where please see and it took me gang it
is around 1:30 a.m. here in London you
guys are probably wondering why am I in
London why am I going to be here for the
next two weeks
well I'm working on another secret
project something that I've always
wanted to do like ever since I was like
15 and it's finally happening like it's
finally finally happening the first
announcement was I believe was it the
book about me working on the after that
is the movie that I mean working on then
I'm still working on the book I'm still
working on and that was this last
project that I'm working on I'm not
going to say what it is right now I'm
just going to wait till the right moment
to say
maybe the common thing I'll say it but
every single day while I'm in London
every single day there's like six hours
that I'm going to be working on every
day and the other time is me vlogging me
children so I'm still going to give you
guys blogs every single day I'm still
going to give you guys you know my best
every single day while working on this
so just imagine how much work I have to
do when I'm doing you know the book the
movie this and vlogs and like tours and
shows if you guys enjoyed this vlog make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Chucky thumbs up doing it thank you guys
so much for always showing love with the
thumbs up every single day all the
thumbs up me so much I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace I like baby
please we know you want to be
I know your father will be powder for
your sanity so don't let anybody tell
you what you gonna be Oh baby you can
have anything you want amazing
