all right hey guys what's up is do me
gang I hope you are having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy stir
adieu me gang I am back home now I am
here with say up and Dean I say what's
up Tim what what customers imma show you
guys what I have right now a lot of
stuff for Jomon and my old apartment
we're going to decorate the whole living
room because we're going to surprise for
their birthday party oh yeah
gennadi old brother okay so I've two
confetti like these poppers I don't know
it is was that confetti poppers it pops
really like a lot
I have crowns happy birthday crown I
have stuff for the head I don't know
what owns I don't know stuff at the
birthday caps I have a lot of balloons I
have balloons that make letters and it
spells out juh man you guys are going to
blow these balloons rad IRA not the glow
yeah I have rainbow balloons I have some
candles that don't come off as candles
I'd say 25 from all the brother and a
candle that says eight for your brother
and I have these these are gonna be
crazy annoying these are gonna be so
annoying doing it yo under don't party
hey hey also I have a banner that says
Happy Birthday we're gonna fix up the
living room we're gonna blow the blue
and we're gonna get ready ready birthday
pegs
Oh
guys look to math now we're gonna go to
the living room and fix up the living
room so we cannot surprise Jim at but we
need to find a way to keep him you know
company or somewhere already came back
guys look how many balloons we've done
oh my god you shout out that Oh me times
that staff Deena's now we got to find a
way to put this in the room let's do
this ready okay be losing it oh my god
Oh so was a balloon OMG hi guys I got
all the balloons here I have other
letter balloons after like I'm gonna
tape it on the wall I have this big
banner and the kick-out I think I think
I'm have to cover my brother's wedding
picture faces sorry aids but I have to
cover you up cuz your brother might help
you
Oh
alright guys you finished the banner now
we're going to do the letters of the
balloon
Oh
everything is pretty much ready you're
right you guys want to say eight hi
birthday bro your birthday's in a couple
hours you're 25 years old
huge huge birthday shout-out to my older
brother 25 results I love you so much
Bob and Susie benefit together we would
having each other's back because so much
crazy stuff and I can't believe he's 25
you know you're half of 50 years old
he's hobbled he's had 50 man ice cream
old - state your matter this time right
now we're going to take him out a few so
we're gonna see how it goes and you're
ready yeah we're getting surprising up
before before it says here
tempering there since I call to do its
program I want to do it I want to bring
out the titty Shh well you got it yes
I'll bring out a teddy bear
what what say if I'm gonna put it right
there and then don't tell me I'll put it
there and say not that we're gonna dig
him out what happy people don't snitch
on me what I scare don't be scared
expressing it okay okay ready
how you doing you sharing I sit on the
Left hums a neighbor gonna bring you
inside for a bit and they're gonna bring
you out okay yeah I have an opener Teddy
braces la personal vault teddy
I'm mrs. Teddy full staff never seen it
so if I'm doing the video but he's never
seen it like a relaxer
I'm a-goin it and I'm going to set it up
there and it should be a fun surprise to
stay up and after that surprise to Japan
Teddy my gosh
Oh
Oh
keeping our sleeping sleeping up there
sleeping oh sorry sorry yeah sorry
Sanjay making a mess
they have Cho yeah I'm sorry I know I'll
never take you again
first of all I want to say I'm so sorry
say else you have gum stuff okay I'm
sorry I'm sorry you have one confetti
for your house and you have that
confetti you're gonna put on them art
but you got only how to silly string if
we're friends again I am it sir we're
friends glad you stopped liking me
okay I'm sorry well I'll stop praying to
you outside well I'm sorry there's no
teeth if you keep doing down there but
I'm never gonna be your friend
Oh cams on yeah we're friends now I love
you there love you so much trimmed ever
again never ever pray good to have ever
again you know she's right there we
remember that's it like it
knuckle-touch yeah well then come here
like bother to throw a nobody you know
good food here only
oh I'm not the cake right here Oh
in the cake oh my god be right there
make-a-wish c'mon what to do with what
that's on you
okay do me a it has been a crazy crazy
day this prank that I try to do went
completely wrong go with so and saying
I'm never going to prank CF ever again
say I'm so sorry I love you so much the
birthday party was amazing i chilled out
hang on my family my mom my sisters
everyone was so so fun so he shout-out
to my family thank you so much you guys
are my everything and to my family your
dummy gang thank you guys so much for
all your support every single day that
you guys show i truly appreciate it if
you guys enjoy this like make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go turkey always
gives like a thumbs up always give the
vlogs
thumbs up every single day because you
know i make vlogs every single day so
the best thing you guys can do for me is
given the video a thumbs up because it
just it just motivates me and seen you
guys it shows that you guys would enjoy
that you have to actually enjoy the
black so thumbs up go turkey let me see
you guys tomorrow dummy egg take care
and pitch I like don't baby please be
who you want to be I know your father
will be part of who you're gonna be
don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna be oh baby you can have anything
you want some anything
