oh you are an amazing happy man
I'm not having an amazing day because I
have a big pimple right on my forehead
and it's making me so insecure but it's
all good in the hood you guys are going
to see me on my lowest and you guys are
going to see me on my best only the
visor that I do meet will stick with me
and I'm family yeah that's okay if you
guys are watching this right now that
means it's Gemma's birthday right now
you guys are watching right now Jimmy's
birthday so for now it's happy early
birthday but you guys are watching it so
it's his birthday Japan you ain't years
old oh my god you look well yeah
anyways we're going outside right now
because the day looks really nice and
beautiful outside this is giving me my
first time going out with the electric
skateboard so I'm going to try my best
using it correctly you're gonna fall and
then after that we're gonna go to the
basketball courts and I'm gonna make you
fall with the basketball break ankles
and then after that we're gonna go get a
phone for gym and also my little brother
is coming with me me with all of us so
you guys will not see him in the vlog
but I feel really happy because I never
really got to like hang out with him
like that I always talk in his room even
if he's not in vlogs he's chilling with
us you know so we're gonna head out now
and I'll see you guys in the next shot
ready ready ready okay do me yank so
we're heading to the basketball court
I'm going to try it for the first time
right now outside I don't know I'm sure
you guys for how fast it goes let me
show dogs classical became times even a
bus your vlog it's done finally cat it's
so fast
Hamza I'm telling you times in common
I'm still here you children want to see
how fast to go look how fast it goes
ready set
osteopath electric I was it sorry I told
you that told you don't get hurt
swimmer hello oh I'm so scared present
ready Eddie oh whoa going wrong with
what this the thing with the out
facility we're such an idiot
it's this way okay the other thing is so
hard huh okay
writing here is a turnover thing I never
even
I never even skateboard into my life
like no no no that's your your Y key
ready I don't know if I can do this at
this moment you realize you messed up I
can't do it listen this is I'm not gonna
give up you'll never get away three
never give up on what you want to
achieve I got the gotta believe in
yourself oh okay I got this let's go big
nope when I try to do is slow it doesn't
even go slow like my purse is exactly
what the Hank okay I'm getting it I'm
getting it I'm getting there I'm getting
there
okay okay
this does it oh my god oh my god Oh feel
like I'm a little kid learning how to
ride with like no training wheels ready
when you look now
okay okay do me yank this thing is so
hard
we're going to take you a couple hours
to like learn how to do if I'm gonna
keep trying it for you guys and I'm
achieved this I got this
my little brother wants me to get water
drink cake
what's up legalizing another little good
muscle game or no good right here I
let's see I'm all right hold the phone
your left hand
exactly okay I got wish me luck
ready sure you ready
oh my god I'm sick veggies get it now
but you take the back let's still have
you on the phone I don't know how to
ride the freakin skateboard you make me
do that
ya know again Oh Savannah how was it
having the tour - oh come on the other
hands oh oh you miss it I'm closing up
Oh nobody in the store are you don't get
measured it auto close oh let it go 5050
whatever comes after secrecy you got
this let's go give it a doing other wait
is my old ma who dreams to go there goes
Simon Alduin
how long you watching thank you for them
that's great oh gee bit of a Jojo I'm
Anthony Jojo yeah don't you love me
enjoy looking at a line of news I don't
got skinny he first he wants to rap a
lot and he's not what does this count of
song that's cool
I got communicate good guys the cool is
this I want your video 24/7 you do get a
man you know yeah you're not failing you
to work I want I love this man George
over and Ramiro Raghav oh I'm Meadows
over I love you
oh you meant something in the annals of
cool
what's that bomb was good enough what so
it was good ey guys doing
oh you want to gonna come because she's
outside you know oh yeah and I also
following on Instagram you do
yeah you look at my selfies and pictures
yeah so you can make me poor not my man
jokes me you come out oh my man I'm
talking about
come on man read to me yeah why no thank
you
also talk about Jojo they pull me out
Jojo made my day man Jojo you demand for
I'm able best friends I don't ready yeah
so the calendar yep
oh well that'll be sure to push
boyfriend in it when it looks like an
elephant that was ropers here robots and
machines all nuts oh don't be an answer
let meet me over there my name is Jen
mommy'll enticement for you okay a
quarter and monkey and Misty for the
anime of all I'm going up with a
vehemence man the most capable up like
an icon on stimuli oh ha ha ha / -
nothing - what a minute now look what I
you going miss - miss Wendling
I'm so done now I'm done I'm number one
thank you guys I could you guys are cool
I love you don't you to marry your best
mate what I meant to say right let me
visit hey guys come on
yo yo seriously the man Joe Joe made my
whole day he motivating then I'm gonna
try to ride that like skateboard
I'm gonna try to be good at it so Joe
Joe he shout out to you and your host
squad you guys was so nice I love
everything on you guys you got closer to
the middle of the jovian why he's
watching his fly I want him to smile
because he made me smile so everyone
comes up this blog for the man Joe Joe I
want you guys to get 50,000 thumbs up
for the man Joe Joe man yes fashion for
the man I love you Joe oh you do hit
also I just got done playing basketball
with my little brother I didn't really
like much because you got a respect to
privacy he doesn't want to be blocked oh
we're still so much fun so you shout out
to my little bro me
I'm getting a little better I do not
know how Casey nice that goes on
electric skateboard and like vlogs at
the same time the thing is so hard look
at this notice you're going to have to
go to see other Sony single obviously
thing if we have a race the election
keyboard might win it goodbye oh my god
whoa be careful thumbs up if you want to
see a race electric bike versus electric
skateboard once I get comfortable with a
skateboard we're going to have a crazy
race let me know about something up this
video
okay only hours man oh yeah got any
yelled ever whoo I got you careful
justice that's it come on let's go baby
come on
some thief is gonna I think the point
nobody must look huh before negan as
whatever not the boss she might get its
own vomit and then the first touch of
the deal
there's better for me now has a better
Foreman will now I was like yeah I got a
live one six left bless you and you got
iPhone southern I can't believe you got
me - Stefan yeah hi guys after a whole
two hours being in the store and fixing
up a whole phone number I cannot believe
it I can't believe it
the man I frickin seven-year-olds who's
turning eight has a freaking phone and
only reason why I gave it to him because
I don't lead young but the thing is
juh man is smart and he's mature I feel
even though he's a roastmaster he's
mature enough to have a phone that's
what I think to be honest but hangs out
on the other hand got a phone - he got
the seven-plus Jamel decided to get the
regular iPhone 7 because he's small and
hamza got the iPhone 7 plus because he's
big the Valles phone right here yes
hum des Vosges right here's a man come
on happy birthday
hello boy here with you oh yeah of
course yeah I do
mom you shouldn't go crazy guys every oh
come on man come on let's go Telefonica
I just remembered I'd do me hang I just
got home I'm so so tired from playing
basketball I'm not to go out with my
older brother but before I go out with
my older brother I want to tell you guys
about something anyone who goes to
school or college and if you're
struggling with essays because my nephew
Yusuf is in college right now and he
struggles with essay you can use ed
Roberti calm and a super smart nerd will
write it for you it's not only for
struggling with essays even if you don't
have time to even write the essay you
can get the super smart nerd to write
the essay for you it's 100% plagiarism
free you release the money only when
you're 100% satisfied the link is in the
description down below so if you guys
wanna check it out
go to it essay writing files back in
school I would have used it so many
times because I've traveled so my guys I
just took the 3rd shower of today cuz I
was putting basketball I was outside at
the skateboard I'm with my older brother
over here Abe his birthday is April 10th
they asked a traumatic birthday he's
turning 25 years old that's insane vote
you know every turn 25 I'm getting old
and I'm still 23 I'm turning 24 we're
both gonna oh my god I can't believe it
okay I can't I don't feel like I'm 23
turning 24 I feel like I'm like I don't
know so feel 18 or something like that
that's crazy man baby's starting to have
so much freaking sneakers these are his
these are his and I have my own
collection so we need to we need to do a
video showing all of our collections
together bad habit you can't just have
one to get a have all of them you have a
lot bro this is uh eight Sequoyah eight
what do you say because once you have
one it's the black one
at least a nine selling clothes black
one I just read this one I like to tie
music my brother likes Jordans a lot you
don't like easy I like you these bow you
crazy once in a while this is my
favorite right here what is it
it's the royal blue whatever force
legacy banging good even wear them I
just ready just an edge sweater for two
hours is it you white why don't you ever
wear them
it's done like money careful money kicks
never where's issue that we need
sometimes this is my second-favorite
what is these sit right here comfortable
I mean you were the same size bro we
need to do a sneaker video just all of
our sneaker collection uh we're not
going to show too much of it we'll wait
for another video to show in a whole
sneaker collection because you know you
have like maybe like 20 there and I have
like 3040 we have all together that's
like 70 vote and we're not even
sneakerheads like that and plus I just
ordered two more that coming on the way
seriously I do not even know why I have
so much easy soma Jordans and he has
like I may be this new guy like that
he's more of a synonym I'm rarely a
sneaker I'm still getting trying to get
there you know no offense but medium
just came back from a little dinner that
we had traumatic keeps calling my phone
little when we got home he's been
calling my phone and he's right next to
me
not like what are you doing and he was
texting me the whole time
when me and my older brother outside
i'ma show you guys the convoy and I so
excuse my phone because it's cracked
right now says what time you're coming
and I was like like 11 he's okay love
you peace out alright love you too he
that will call you when I my house are
you staying awake I mean yes I am he's
like what time I mean he said sudden
meet he's like are you home yet like I
don't know just
I'm coming late I'm sorry for being
annoying no you're not yeah I am
it's okay you can say it no other or not
what does lmao
it means laughing my Adam off has I said
it means ass not Adam well for me it's a
dilemma
Tesla it what the hell good just do this
clean you just do it it's so crazy
anyways I'm an end-of-line here I hope
you guys enjoy just like she did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey let me see you guys tomorrow
we're gonna celebrate his birthday
Angela's birthday tomorrow so I was
gonna be crazy crazy turn up see you
guys tomorrow
take care earn each I like la don't baby
believe me we want to be I know your
father will be part of all you
don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna be Oh baby you can have anything
you want from me
