hey guys what's up ado me yang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing it so up I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day I am in
another state Kentucky and in another
hotel and another day of filming the
movie first of all I want to say thank
you guys so so much where I love and
support that you guys have shown
yesterday I appreciate you guys so much
and I thank you guys from the bottom of
heart literally you guys had me smiling
so so much so thank you guys so so much
and also thank you to my family my
family I appreciate especially my older
brother everybody Thank You Abe so so
much because he called me earlier he was
like I didn't vlog for you it's a five
minute vlog I went out with my son to
Rhema and I give you a little message up
and put it in and don't remove any of
the parts because sometimes whatever he
sends me like vlogs I usually would like
cut it down and like move some parts and
I only do it because sometimes you'll
leave like airspace so I'm just kind of
like you don't never get down but today
a llama I decided to watch his vlog and
I watch it with you guys I do have log
footage that I vlog today and yesterday
but I'm going to save that all together
in one vlog when I go to the Trump rally
and vlog there tomorrow but today I want
to watch and react to my family vlog and
my family is message that it gave me to
watch it we'll watch it together I'm not
going to cut out nothing and I'm like
I'm gonna just keep it for eight because
I appreciate him so much and I thank him
so so much I'm going to watch it right
now I have to watch it and let's start
I'm going to commentate on it so let's
see how it is because sometimes you
makes me laugh so yeah is it one two
three thank God what's up I do McGinn a
little I hope you guys have an amazing
day if we're having an amazing day you
guys should be having an amazing happy
yeah come on Ramon
I do it why does she always do that
that's an ARIMA he's in a crazy mood
right now what I just woke up from his
nap
hi Dima please say hi a dummy game you
are you doing
so much okay so today I have the kids
all to myself well together by our son
okay okay let me see let me see
Roma wouldn't wanna go anymore baby no
oh I got a musical partner go you have
to go system or sense iPad in the
applesauce you want to cover my name is
mac create another fiction but really I
haven't why do you get brick I thought
you guys are ready look you ready
don't be like me so we will go out and
fix your iPad mission imma have to go
fix your iPad you broke your iPad yes
we gotta pay like $200 now I'm not rich
I got y'all baby she knows this your
spoiled brat soil you have your own iPad
messages on iPad okay a devil consultant
okay guys now we're heading to the Apple
for my dad right or not why is it when
daddy drives most of the Apple store
like the Puerto Rican flowers you guys
have climbed like that climb down so
we'll buy candy - good go good to buy
candy why what much nd can I have that
memory driver will do all my sources I'm
not a toy they're nervous or even so
much knows not what do you want you want
this we got money you see money you have
money so guys you guys ready let's go ah
brother it's just to go and just rock
yeah the money made it to the apple farm
oh my god a lot of people who
taxes in one hour
-
you want a new iPad
but you open we already have no one
all that support in life
yeah I got a graduation I'm already Baba
and I'm gonna have kids sooner or later
okay guys I just want to say
congratulation to Adam my little brother
I'm very very happy for you Adam
congratulation where do you guys
probably know the his vlog that he did
yesterday that he's getting married
and just from the talent congratulations
Adam I wish you the best and I'm here
for you can't wait for the wedding can
wait for them someone takes time
I'm just really really happy for him
right now and just get a wrap of the
blood right here right now I hope you
guys enjoy this video and enjoy the time
and me Rima and Russian with it give a
thumbs up and go turkey thumbs up you
Riva hood
we would like some other back a I'm
gonna say thank you so so much
you're the best older brother in the
world I love you so much and you always
motivate me you keep me
you keep me up and you bring me up when
I'm down so thank you so so much for
being that older brother that always is
always there for me so thank you so much
I appreciate it so much
I appreciate every single one of you
guys and I have something to say right
now that I might speak about it even
more tomorrow so everyone I seen
everyone's literally like 99% of you
just being supportive being you know
amazing and positive but 1% which is my
ex was she texted me literally cursed in
my life out with yours her mother even
texted me cursed in my life out and I
think I don't know I'm thinking about
about doing like a
I don't know if I should do with this
track or I don't know if I should do
like a like a rap or like something I
was I don't know I'm gonna do something
but I'm most likely going to do
something tomorrow or the day after
something on a max because she literally
violated Chris mail for no reason and
then her mom I don't know how the heck
she got my number
I guess the double team in the double
team I don't even know I've never even
supposed to mom like that but that
double-teaming me I don't have to be
mature because I'm getting married soon
but I'm a savage Adam is still here and
I hope she's ready to get home I don't
know if it's roasted or if I'm just
gonna do a wrap I don't know just a
touchy wrap because it made me feel down
bottom that I reached it was positive
and I appreciate you guys so so much I'm
so sorry that I didn't put up the vlog
down vlog today and yesterday I'm going
to put that in tomorrow's vlog I
appreciate you guys so so much and I
hope you guys all understand that I'm
filming a movie right now and that's why
I'm like literally and like they
announce me that I made her say
everything coming at once like literally
like just coming at me but I haven't
lasting is good I appreciate everything
you want you guys to always give it a
thumbs up always smash that like button
anybody who literally presses that
button I appreciate it so so much it
just it means the last me because it
shows it shows me that like you guys
actually took the time to like it and it
showed that you liked it and something
up my video I like in the video it's
literally free and then it doesn't give
money or nothing to anyone and just I
just like I just like Alex seeing it
there so I appreciate you guys so so
much and yeah and talking about money if
you guys want to donate or help like a
good charity for a good cause Jerome the
homie he started this amazing amazing
cause for Somalia literally like I have
so much love for Somalian is like my
love is always with you guys everyone
should have loves to mines and anyway
you have love for everybody but what's
going on to Somali right now I feel like
everyone should you must show the 11:00
support they can't donate show your love
and support it's called love army for
Somalia so if you guys want to go to my
Twitter does it go from me there donate
or just show your support I appreciate
you guys so much thank you
I saw so much I appreciate you guys and
I'll see you guys tomorrow with my
either be a dis to the X or touchy
something touchy two mics or the Trump
rally in luck
so who knows I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace I like a cell by her
reaction you was driving too fast in the
fast lane wouldn't happen now I try to
imagine and help her for the stylist to
stop her
