hey guys what's up it do me yang I hope
you all have an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day so once again
there's people right in front of our
building the people that are here it's
everyone like in the block everyone that
lives in this block they're right in
front of our building so I'm not allowed
to go out once again because the people
here in the apartment like really hate
me but there's a couple that like me and
there's one right now that's kind of
like let me go inside his apartment so I
can go to the balcony and I can see you
guys from the front because I'm from the
back so I'm gonna go see you guys from
the front I'm gonna give away a sweater
or something but tell you guys hi
everyone throughout the black I'm gonna
tell you what up and then after that I'm
back here alright guys so once again
there's people right front of our
building so what is it
so me mouse came up its idea to go to
the balcony and we say hi to you guys
and give away a shirt hey s shirt right
here so if you guys having on your shirt
go to Adam South where Y and you guys
will get what's it okay
oh I know man yeah it was young I
presume is just happy to - we good oh
nice oh this is your place yeah hold on
his face to go to his lock me up do it
yeah let me do it from the back the on
record yeah it's fun huh
alright guys so someone set an electric
skateboard is electric not enough
electric electric skateboard this is the
first time I'm going to open it up and
try it I've never tried an electric
skateboard they look dangerous
it looks scary so I'm going to take this
with me in New York City I think slim is
going to have one too so I'm going to be
skateboard buddies oh I won't however
others will like the top the best things
ever
that's so 2015
any boxes in this model people package
stuff
helicopter has to come when I'm vlogging
hi what's up
things people
know what I bet I do it buzzer hey I had
the best woman let's do it you're a dead
tosser thank you get this asleep but oh
my god here comes the electric
skateboard oh oh wait oh this is sick I
got the blue wheels
I'd have hate you and take this back I
don't know what to be honest I don't
think they can let you because you're
not allowed to take hoverboards or
anything on the planes anymore yo you
shut up the cool wheels my first time
trying to skateboard
whoa whoa whoa I keep I can't go on it
normally so you should dangerous well I
don't in you dangerous Bo I did it in my
living room and I went flying like it
like this did my one home whoa shit go
doesn't stop ya knows i'll tell you i'm
arsenij man how you guys doing yeah put
a video you guys blogged right thank you
guys laughing Rima oh yes why'd you hang
up on me
when is the due to york show or the New
York show we're doing it on May 7th I
think yeah why yes yes you did yeah mom
man tell them stop taking off his shirt
you want to do a challenge of what what
kind of challenge the green challenge
okay we're gonna do the green challenge
okay hi muffin well what's up with why
you got the phone you're walking alone
with the phone yo you looking so fresh
I'm loving it man I'm loving it Wow yo
I'm loving it wrong I'm loving your
transition you're gonna have a glow of
hugs that I Love You Man ah why'd you
gotta ruin the moment how does it feel
not having braces I almost felt weird
that's crazy now you're gonna keep
smiling you're mad today he beat you to
K he beat you cause what do me any look
at this poster we have all these posters
that aren't set on the website I've
signed so many of them already about to
sign a little more so let's see look at
this this is sick Rima
so me and all you guys right there this
is sick look at this oh and yeah that's
sick shout-out to remember to say what
up brother man I do about look at this
my hands freaking hurts man I even have
one of these I have one of these too so
you guys wanted you guys
no see Oh smiley face another smiley
face here I don't know who's gonna get
down a heart here I love you I don't
know who's getting out
ah I've never written about life so much
oh my god
I'm alright umm I'm alright torque
torque utter I'm gonna dry train them
self what would guess it tweeted to me
you guys might get this one alright imma
Slim is a giraffe
hey okay do me yank so if you guys do
not know a couple years ago I saw always
upload like these Instagram kind of like
videos where belly dance all over the
world
I literally belly dance everywhere that
you can probably think of I just do
these covers like 50 cent covers t-pain
covers like an Arab atom arson your hair
solid cover I'll take you to the shisha
spot we're gonna smoke and never stop
anyone I won't take you to five guys cuz
that's not a lot good I'll take you to
the hell out guys and after that we can
be heard I'm good hey tell me this isn't
weird like I'm flying right now and the
window behind this camera this fins like
looking dead in my soul right now
literally look at that I'm not soaked
huh hi
alright this is gonna be really weird of
logging while they're just looking
straight at me but I'm gonna have to do
it because I'd be show us anyways and
you guys stare me there shows so I'm
still gonna do it while they're looking
at me also I found a really old video of
me and it's so so funny I'm gonna play
it right here
as it is for now so this is what I'm
going to have a new ad on my sanyasa
cover of Ed Sheeran Arab at shared one
it's kind of long it's like a minute
usually I just do them 15 seconds
because Instagram was 15 seconds but
this one is a minute long I will release
it tomorrow if this video gets 40,000
thumbs up so thumbs up I'll release it
tomorrow
I'm gonna give you guys a little sneak
preview right now because this is one of
my favorite ones an Arab Ed Sheeran
shape of you ready set hey hey that's it
that's it as long show so this video
gets 40,000 thumbs up I'm releasing the
full version I was supposed to release
it a while a long time ago but I was
just waiting for the right moment to
release it because you know Adam Wesson
yes Allah wants to have and I'll come
back and this one it's a really good one
it's really fun one really dope so if
you guys want it make sure you give it a
thumbs up I'm gonna end the video here
because there's people literally staring
dead in my eye right now and it's just I
don't know this is really but I love you
guys so much
do me gang you guys are amazing I'll see
you guys tomorrow if this reaches 40,000
tons of Arab Ed Sheeran is coming out at
Sheeran shape of you the Arab parody
virgin so I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care or pitch
I know your father will be proud of who
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you
and
