hey guys what's up in Douma yang i hope
you all have an amazing a because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy time I just woke up I
am heading outside to go get some
dessert and I'm back here to talk to you
guys about something because you guys
have been going turkey going hard and
thumbs up so I have to talk about the
things that I promise you that
then I'm going to talk about bow wanna
get some dessert first there's a lot of
people outside like our building like
literally every single day gets more and
more to the point where it security has
to come because the people I'm gonna
tell you guys why the people in this
apartment like our neighbors and stuff
while some of them are fans but some of
them hate us like literally hate us
because we're kind of causing a distract
meant to them because everyone is coming
in screaming so they're getting really
annoyed and make the blame is coming on
me everyone is like like the cupola
neighbors like was Adam who down them oh
you're a condom this your call it and
I'm like muffin I'm sorry I'm sorry
so I'm going to change real quick and
the way to go out for dessert and then
I'm back here see you guys in the next
shot hi guys we're at this place I'm a
dessert spot near the area where things
they have a don't dope menu to get me
some breakfast is like four o'clock for
father program that's pretty good I mean
I will this caramel shortcake my home we
gonna do I'm gonna get a Kiwi but with
lush look at what it's like I didn't
walk there was a look for car keys I
wrote I'm so mad at me wrongly slimming
logging their dances like I'm a falling
out of all the dairy children's Adam man
I got do you guys watch some black will
take it to the core see there the court
I you guys the dirty site so there's a
patch on nods car and the reason why the
scratch from not - because Bloomberg
logins and
perhaps because the hood was down people
are going to come regardless people come
anyway here in the UK okay I'm doing
Adams Adam it's always like Peter moving
on he's blaming me because I don't know
someone stole my have a different hat on
James was losing focus
honestly I don't even think things and
expressions on the table because it's
being a little bit and I love this part
I think you think of something and shoot
the card and he comes in like should me
yeah should be I'm scared that you late
you know is a unit on some reason us
have of creamier and oMG look at this
all else that afro Oh brilliant amazed
you know crazy jeans what do you think
I'm not sure fucking good well Alex rice
Oh
you want to put the ducky muffin
wha-ho you say no not nice Wow got
Donald Duck hi Marcin I said you wanna
swing what happened you know
Hey yes you're next we're gonna take
turns
Dena are you doing dinner
yeah no fun you're already going higher
we don't very high look at the swing
yeah I'm Xander house come on harima it
who's gonna throw up
you have n to the thumbs up you're gonna
break up I'm done
hold on tight kid my name is aria my
name is chastening just having fun in
the court will give you a haircut eysan
you messed up your hair I know I'm gonna
go back out you go back up yeah you're
fresh cut brush a little bit pretty boy
you're sliding him and read Rima okay to
me game thank you for watching this vlog
now I hope you guys enjoy it give it a
thumbs up and go you know what go back
go turkey cut cooking what's up resuming
gang I'm back here at my apartment in
London I'm going to talk to you guys
about something really personal it
involves my family my parents marriage
you guys me I started YouTube at the age
of 18 I was 18 years old when I started
YouTube but my older brother got married
at 18 so my parents were going insane
because you know the smaller brother has
always going to follow the older brother
the older brother got married at 18 so I
should get married at the age of 18 but
I didn't want to I did it I wasn't ready
and I just I just did it once I just
thought was it dumb idea that's really
too young I'm Way too young I still have
like a lot of like life to live and like
getting married it's like a whole
different life but so I told my parents
no I'm just going to continue YouTube I
do not want to get married and I'm not
gonna lie I kind of got them you know
kind of like mad at me but after a while
they started being really supportive of
you know me doing YouTube and having
videos it started noticing you know how
passionate I am within sort of noticing
how like you know I created a whole fan
base I would go out doing shows I
inspire so many people I made so many
people smile so they saw that side and
they appreciated it so much so I was so
happy because my parents got so
supportive the whole family got
supportive they're always there for me
every single day but the thing is almost
every single day they would talk to me
about getting married but I didn't want
to get married because I'm doing YouTube
and why would I like it'll take away
focus so I wasn't ready to get married
so around the age of 18 till now I'm 23
years old now I've been getting like
marriage talk every single day every
single leg my mom and dad would tell me
oh you're scared you don't want to get
married you're scared because your fans
are going to see it you're taking mine
do me yank this and that no you have to
get married I'm like mom no I'm not you
know worried or so I'm just really
curious and that's when I came up with
the idea of making the video saying I'm
getting married I really wanted to see
like everyone's reaction and everyone
was really you know everyone was really
supportive everyone is really nice and
that made me feel so much better because
if I actually did get married you guys
would be supportive so since I know that
you guys are supportive I can probably
tell you guys that I'm single but my
parents are talking to me about getting
married and stuff I do not have anyone
to get married I don't know who or
nothing like that I mean I do have a
couple people in mind but I don't know I
told my mom and dad I do not want to get
married yet I want to get a house first
for all of us like a really big house
which I am getting in a couple months
this year I'm getting a house and then
after that we can focus on the marriage
talk after me my family get all of our
freedom and our space in the house we
get then I get talked to my mom and dad
about marriage so the reason why I'm
single is because of youtube yup
I'm single because of YouTube and cuz of
a dooming eggs I'm taken by a dummy game
but a dummy gang there will be one day I
do not know when maybe in a couple
months where I get married but I will
still continue YouTube I will still have
a do me hang by my side and I will still
be by your side and do me getting every
single day and I'll show you guys the
mini Adams and I'll take you guys
through the journey of me getting
married because I'm getting the house
really really soon like we're going
house shopping once I would go back to
New York City so it's sooner than you
think it'd do me Hank it's really sooner
than you think my parents already like
coming up with these people in their
head obviously get married soon if you
get married and I'm already thinking
like we should get that out so she goes
out which they aren't because I want to
choose who I want to marry
that is Kim Canova Sh I want Kim Canova
Sh so expect in a couple days or a
couple weeks a lot of marriage talk I
will show you guys in flies a lot of
marriage I always show you guys the
journeys when I'm doing you know movies
books and secret project now I'm gonna
show you guys a journey of the marriage
talks I'm going to get and getting the
house and of everything so I really hope
you guys understand so I hope you guys
understand that I come from a family
where like everyone got married at a
really early age and I'm like the only
one that's 23 right now the housing I'm
married but I am here you know focusing
on YouTube folks and I was doing me all
these big thing I want to accomplish all
these stuff before getting married on
getting the house the movie the book the
secret project and I'm almost done with
literally everything and then after that
comes the storm no no no comes the storm
but it's all good that's that's life I'm
happy I'm excited and I hope you guys
are ready to come on this journey with
me and do me gang I love you guys
I hope you guys understand everything
that I just know that is just that in
the video you made it to the end this
vlog make sure you give it a thumbs up I
wanna see how many you guys actually you
know heard what I said if you did you
the real MVP thank you guys so much once
again I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care and pictures I like don't baby
please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of her
you cannot be so don't let anybody
- comedy Oh baby you can have anything
you want some name
