hey guys what's up in doing gang I hope
you're having an amazing it because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should have an
amazing happy day they do me yeah I'm
dying laughing because ksi just released
this video and I heard he dissed me out
or dis my dad and stuff like that but
I'm ready to watch it seriously I didn't
even want to mention the Kisise name
again but he did a video literally
talking crap about me and my dad for
like minutes and minutes and minutes
straight so I'm ready to watch it and
I'm ready to cut a straight back you
know I'm saying let's do it come on
before I get the black started do me
gang make sure you guys subscribe and
put your notifications on to make sure
you guys thumbs up and go turkey do me a
thumbs-up I appreciate every single one
you guys shoutout to all the real ones
my real rounded eyes Slim is here and
slid already watched the whole video I
only seen tweets I haven't really
watched the video I need to know if it's
gonna get me mad or not because I don't
know I'm not really a sensitive guy some
knows I'm not sensitive like sometimes
my own fans like will roast me I'll roll
some sway back I'm not I'm not sensitive
I'm not sensitive guy but I'm seeing
tweet saying he mentioned my dad and
stuff slippin am I gonna get mad tell me
what you're not gonna get mad but he
didn't make fun he put your intro but
that's normal anyone can make fun of it
x-ray beam from the intro yeah anyone
can make fun of my I'll make fun of my
own intro alright he also said you're
making excuses about your being a
fighter what wow I'm making this yeah
I'm ready why I'm here he's the one that
frickin is ducking me man what the hell
I won the pole I'm ready
excuses what the hell should I watch it
yeah you should watch it you think so
Thank You Man anyway it was like like
four minutes long three minutes been
going in on you
oh yeah music oh your dad scared again
knocked out the whole time oh my god
wrong if he says something bad about
lava solid by my dad oh my god I'm gonna
end up in England in inside his house
you said your mom my mom you see your
mom is worried about you cuz you're
gonna get she knows your Intel okay
we'll see how it goes let's go watch it
let's see cuz yeah as you guys know okay
sighs the biggest shit talker and
probably all of YouTube so I'm uh let's
see it let's watch
I mean it's gonna be okay right now so
uh yeah Adam Saleh is gone
kill king is here see ya in the next
shot oh my god I'm about to react to
care sighs new video of when he just
posted it's called reacting to my boxing
opponents I know he's gonna talk a lot
of crap so whatever he says I'm gonna
backfire straight at him because he
thinks he's a freakin shit right now
you're not the shit man you are shit
that's what you are so MA let's watch it
and let's see how it goes for some
reason I keep staring at has been dead I
like I'm like wondering how big like how
big is this forehead like I want to see
his hair I don't know like even in the
fight he had his bandana on like take
off the bandana man are you that ashamed
of your frickin hairline like I don't
have the greatest hair line but still
man like always got it
the first thing I know he's gonna show
Lord your paw is gonna show other people
that brought their dad but I'm Baba
solid he's like a character in my videos
he's someone that's always in my videos
he's part of my family if you do not
know the channel that I have Adam Saleh
clogs it consists of me and my whole
family
Mihrimah Mauston you know all the writer
dyes all my real do me gang my ragged
eyes they know what my family well my
vlogs consist selfie Kim says of my dad
even my mom behind the scenes my mother
he says hey how's that Dina
juh man literally my whole family so
slim so I don't know why I say oh you're
bringing it down and you're bringing in
that you have your dad in your videos
too so I don't know what you're saying
is pretty hypocritical but let's get
anyone watching in it
this myself alright let me pause it
right there in do me XO the first thing
that's coming into my head right now
why is he reacting to the video that I
did with my dad because it's gonna be
easy to make fun of my dad I'm not
saying this to make you guys feel bad
for me or anything but my dad is sick my
dad is at the hospital right now so
whatever emotion you see him there he's
not focused on fighting I'm the one
that's focused on fighting I'm doing
eyes focused on knocking canceiied the
fuck out I'm the one that focused on
fighting you can sign you can make fun
of my dad all you want to say whatever
how he looks but my dad is sick my dad
was at the hospital I hope he feels
better but I'm not saying that to make
anyone feel bad for me or anything but
as I was saying he chose to react to
that video like why didn't you react to
the other video where I was boxing
someone the other day where I'm sparring
with them my first day back in a gym
why didn't you react to the video where
I didn't response to you where I was
ko motherfucking Katie why did he have
to react to a video where you know I was
with my dad I have to you know Adam saw
a bit and I know you know we're trying
to get content you're trying to you know
be funny and stuff but let's concern on
watch let's see what you're saying
oh also also you're saying you dis
yourself oh my god you dis yourself you
don't have a boxing license how do you
not have a boxing license well an idiot
the reason why I don't have a boxing
license it's because I not got people
like you I used to have street fights
back in a day
and then I got caught doing street
fights while I was doing amateur boxing
and then my trainer found out twice not
once found out twice because videos on
the internet we're going out there of me
fighting people in the street and then
they took away my boxing license from me
so get your facts straight idiot and to
my editor put the shots fired man let's
continue
oh excuse me see I'm making excuses I'm
ready for you can't sign I'm ready for
you you're the one that's stuck in a
fight you're scared of me bro you're
scared you're the one that made an
excuse in the last video saying all Adam
is a great boxer I'm Saleh does know how
to box
so be entertaining it's gonna be a more
entertaining fight punch in oh my god at
least this niggas gonna throw a punch
you're the one I scared I might actually
get cuts and bruises this time I'm
waiting in the polls I'm confident I'm
chillin and if we do ever get in the
ring you're gonna get well I need to say
what Lyon is I'm dying but I can see
your hairline right there but cat's eye
as I said you can say whatever you want
about my dad you can make fun of the way
he talks we can make fun of the way he
looks you know but you don't know the
relationship between me and my dad if
anything but that is a thought man my
dad will smack you up
now just like my dad you know like hey
hi let me tell you this I said I got
people like you for a living even in
school even in the streets with all the
shit you're talking this might not even
be boxing gloves anymore this might even
be bare knuckles you talk so much shit
because you fought Joe Weller and you
beat your other nigga did you say what I
did to play that Joe clip again
motherfucker really didn't show in the
ring right Joe Joe Joe Joe I beat the
shit out of Jim winner that was a good
joke that was probably like the second
or third day that my editor was editing
and as I told you guys you know the
editor that I have you know she's still
working on her editing skills she's
amazing by the way I personally love her
so so much but she still you know she's
still doing she's still doing her thing
you know I'm saying shit what a thing
you got to show some love I'm not gonna
be an idiot and be like hey you're fired
because she's amazing the thing you just
said everything you just said right now
I used to knock out people who said shit
like this oh my god you're short you're
a baby you're small and then I don't
know where I beat the living shit out of
them I beat the living shit of them oh
my god get over the salient we get in
the ring I didn't even want to say
anything man because he reminds me so
much I'm like those high school bullies
who talks so much shit angle they beat
someone up there waiting at home and
yeah you know I won here you know it's
just talk so much shit and then when you
step in the ring with me I promise you
to regret every single word you said
about me so call me a pretty boy and
call me a shorty call me a kid call me a
baby call me whatever the fuck you want
at the end of the day I will beat the
living shit out of you do not know how
to fight Kherson just cuz you hadn't won
a fight with Joe doesn't mean you're a
frickin Floyd you don't know how to
fight you can't fight you're not about
that light you're a phony you're playing
to act in the video you're a baby you
look like scooby Doo like what logan-san
you're a pussy you and all your
assignment boys are you man oh you guys
are all that you guys are not about it I
was literally beat the shit out of you
your boy wrote a shot every single one
of your frickin assignment boys cuz you
guys are Posse you're not about it
you're playing an axe to your 18 million
subscribers you don't know how to fight
but let's continue on watching this
video Carole King needs to calm down
then
yeah I'm just talking because he's
talking so much you're playing you're
playing look Joe well at the fight you
had with Joe who's Joe do you have a
fight with John or freaking punching bag
man you think it through no punches
you're fighting a punching bag you
literally did nothing all you did was
was this you're punching something that
that no one is throwing back if you're
fighting me my hands are getting you all
over your face care side you're gonna be
regretting everything you said is gonna
come out so unexpected you're gonna be
like holy shit this little man has some
power holy shit he's not a pretty boy
he's actually fucking me up I don't get
why you're showing off you're pretending
you're the king of the world when ya are
you serious you're showing a freakin
fight I need you street fight that I had
on YouTube it's better than the fight
you had with Joe that's always trashed
that fight you guys had was so bad I
already knew you didn't win I already
knew it cuz Joe doesn't wanna fight both
of you guys
quite it was like little kids fighting
man and then Joe is gonna turn into a
punching bag but let's continue on
watching the video Wow oh my god okay
and now someone save that good for me
and someone give me that clip once I
beat the living or Mohammedan going for
like punches and playing around I'm
going for it knockout man you're lucky I
didn't want to say what I was gonna say
because my video is gonna end up being
demonetised man cuz you have your ads in
your video you like stop in every single
such a nice clean attack he stops every
single word that I'm saying that he says
something he doesn't know the
relationship between me my mom my dad my
nephew's my niece's know the
relationship between just me and you man
that's all you need to know me and you
because you're the one that frickin put
me in the pole and how does the one that
won number one in the pole and now
you're scared now you're worried you're
the one making excuses I'm ready to
fight you whenever the heck you want
whenever I don't care about the money I
don't care about the fame I don't care
about the big Logan fight that you might
have I'm here to fight you and to get
you an L and to take that belt from you
and to shut you up and you're not gonna
have any any friends because all the
shit you spoke to your 18 million
subscribers
imagine you're 18 million subscribers
looking at you right now staring at you
think you're gonna win thinking that you
know you're thinking a represent cast
and then you losing to someone who's you
know who's so much shorter than you
someone that you look at as a kid as a
pretty boy imagine that man no one is
gonna respect you anymore cuz you
couldn't back up the shit that you were
talking you can talk all this shit you
wants it to Joe weather but you can't
talk all this shit to me cuz I'll back
that shit straight up when it comes down
to end the ring you won't hear me
talking man you're gonna see me smiling
and you're gonna see my fists going
crazy straight to your bottom straight
to your face you're gonna feel my power
and you gotta steal my job oh how do you
think it Chinese oh my god I'm gonna
take a chill pill guys do me gang I mean
yeah like he was making fun of my dad I
really carry
I'm pretty sure he didn't mean it that
way he's trying to you know he's he's to
be an actor and now he's acting he's
having this whole gimmick getting
everything he doesn't know how to box he
doesn't know how to fight
kasa you do not know how to fight so
that's why I'm not even worried I'm not
even looking at it I was like anything
serious I just want to beat the shit out
of him and prove him wrong because he's
someone that just doesn't shut up man
like shut up shut up scooby-doo
Logan poor man thank you for so much for
giving me his nickname Scooby dooby doo
where are you yes Aman you done saw you
can we talk freakin three to four
minutes of crap about me and doomy yeah
I know you guys didn't keep saying why
do you keep mentioning ki but the thing
is he keeps talking crap about me I'm
not gonna stay back and stay quiet i'ma
talk crap straight back so far cat's eye
is all up to you I think I just watched
Logan's video and I think now they're
fighting but I haven't heard it from
Kisise mouth so when it comes out of
cast eyes mouth he's definitely gonna
make up some dumb excuse why he doesn't
wanna find me why he's gonna fight Logan
Paul he's gonna tommix how you got
what's gonna happen already ki is gonna
upload a video he's gonna be like Logan
Paul it's gonna be a better fight cuz
he's bigger than me he has experience
yeah you should keep trying to make
himself look good because he knows he'd
rather lose to Logan Paul instead of
losing to someone who's short an Arab
looking Drake pretty boy baby in rather
loose log
obviously he'd rather lose to Logan than
lose to me because if he loses to Logan
he can just be like also good he's one
of the biggest youtubers saying this
a'right he was experienced he was taller
than me I'm up for the challenge it was
challenging you're the one that saying
all these excuses and I will react to
you fighting Logan Paul because I'm
pretty sure it's probably confirmed
right now and if it does happen it
should happen in Dubai
cuz that's definitely the place I would
love to see you get knocked the fuck out
Logan Paul I've got my money on you can
decide you know already you know you're
watching this right now you already know
you're gonna take the helm you already
know you're gonna lose and you're gonna
get a painting so when you're ahead
you're gonna be like I'm gonna get a
payday for losing to Logan Paul it's
okay it's still gonna make me look good
because he's bigger than me but if you
fight me you will be embarrassed in
front of everyone who knows you man in
front of your whole Seidman team you're
gonna be embarrassed it's gonna be a
shame because I'm shorter than you I'm
lighter than you and I will still beat
the living shit out of you care sigh you
do not know how to fight you do not know
how to box yes you got abs in a few
months and I respect that but you still
don't have their hands you don't know
how to fight I'm done with this I'm done
I'm done talking abou me yeah I
apologize for all the stuff that I'm
even saying right now this is just me
literally speaking straight back to ksi
and I'll just happen to film it and you
guys happen to watch it you guys enjoy
this video make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey yes I know I was
winning the polls to fight ksi and I was
ready to fight him but now that Logan
came in which I still think will be a go
fight Logan and kiss I obviously care
sighs gonna dunk me he's he's been
waiting to dump him in love love love
you know what matter of fact I'm gonna
sit there in that fight
I'm gonna go straight to the front I'm
gonna sit there and I'm a little kid
sighs straight in the eyes and I'm gonna
die laughing I'm gonna be vlogging I'm
gonna be dying laughs at once Logan
beats the living shit out of you and you
know what if you lose I still get you
next just to show you I'm about that
life and I'm not scared of you just like
I had your confident well matter of fact
you're not confident you're playing a
hole a hack in your video I met you
before and you were you and all your
side my team we'll all cookies just cuz
you fought so well are in the face of
boxing
what has your to come to man what
happened the poetry could punch it back
and now he's the face of freaking
YouTube boxing it's all good Logan is
gonna give you this out and do me again
I'm done with this I'll see you guys
take care I love you guys I'm sorry once
again I love you
