I do making I am not even going to say
the intro because I'm having a creepy
creepy morning and may not have the most
creepiest night ever
so around 3 a.m. I decided to go out in
the balcony because I just found out
that we had a balcony and I wanted to go
vlog it so I go out to the balcony a
vlog some of the battles in a vlog the
view and there was no cuts in the video
1 no cuts no cuts at all so I'm going to
show you guys the clip right now I'm
going to come back to me mask
we're freaking out I'm supposed to put
that in yesterday's vlog but decided to
put it in today's vlog because I want to
do some like I don't know not which we
do ghost hunting or like I don't know it
huh Jonah do ghost hunting tonight look
like haha go to what I playing with
anything hi guys I'm gonna show you guys
the clip then we come back to in the
next shot so watch the clip and we'll
come back to the next shot
this is Val can you hear me yes what
happened I always look people well this
is creepy looked at if you will this is
like one of those haunted movies were
like anything will pop out of nowhere
like what is so creepy Thursday oh it's
so scary
bro oh my god what the hell how's it
jaga like that I swear not I swear to
God I swear to god one level but you
like it I'm not pissing all over woolens
oh yeah I swear to God I swear the chair
like that I swear
the chose normal before it because we
wanted to show you well well the chair
would leave in this place well I'll show
the uncut over there's no uncut nothing
there's no cutthroat you know fuck are
you guys what the hell okay look how
scared us
I was good huh like the hood the balcony
boat so much cheese we call car barking
- you know that right a little dry yeah
it was normal the beginning Lykos it was
great shape I'm around it when I show
you you under no one shakes my mushroom
alright guys that was the cook no cuts
no nothing at it I'm going to go to the
Balki right now I don't know if it was
like wind orful with someone it didn't
seem like one because it wasn't that
windy fools in New York
I understand but it wasn't that windy
and wasn't that cold in Georgia I got
this morning right now so I'm not really
that scared but at nighttime we must was
freaking if we go we kept tree watching
the clips so many times and we kept
thinking like it was it the ones that
would come out with like feel that
didn't feel no window nothing at all
imma show you guys this art right here
this chair right here was like in a
different position me and I was
literally right here we standing right
there that we can see it from there and
then after that I just completely
changed now if you show you I'm assuming
well someone you know say well
Longfellow at the time you're up here
both Jersey this place even looks
haunted look at this well what are we
doing here well this thing is squishy
you know even at night when I was
sleeping next to you I was having this
thing I know it's a call it's called
like palaces were like I could have
sleep or like I was sleeping but like I
was awake I don't know what's the cold
it's like a big word for it well like I
was too scared to sleep because I felt
like something was like sitting on my
face but nothing was sitting on my face
it was just really I didn't feel
comfortable so like those stuffs and
people around me like I don't know
Madonna everyone catch on economy I did
a roasted look at you know George get
that yo that's coming up oh sorry are
you doing I think there's a ghost here
city EULA's are you ready never go guys
we have to find out the ghost I'm gonna
go great you are you scared we thought
you so good yo magic sounds I'm scared
but I'm freaking scared this is so scary
eyes this morning right now I'm going to
go film the movie right now that I'm
going to be in I'm going to show you
guys some of the behind the scenes and
then after that I'm going to come back a
night me and not I don't know if now if
you want to do it but look into some go
something late at night like after 12:00
a.m. and then we're going to go and just
look around for like a like what's going
on here because the stuff that I heard a
night and all the movements that
ourselves were so scary and I'm going to
bring you guys with me I'm sorry but you
guys are coming through the journey when
we saw see you guys the next shot I'm
against work gets the business bring you
guys with me behind the scenes and I
said I'm back here for some go something
so do it
hi guys wanna see how it looks how do we
go so far so good
I'm really excited for this really
really good so if you guys haven't
submitted any videos you can show them
their kindness films.org and it's the
Americans you know who are concerned
about the Islamic threat where you have
time you got a couple to meditate on 20
years exact coming so I was really
really interesting and this camera
lipstick the kind of chemical red and so
aggressive wow this is been City like a
machine that some part Mexican food
Pete over to how about you a huh alright
together
Jojo people home working on the chicken
like okay guys I just got done with day
one of filming it was a short short day
today so I have one Saturday to chill so
I'm going to go out I'm going to let you
guys know a really cool fun fact
so the city that I'm in Vidalia it's
where all the onions come from which is
really really sick so we're going to go
to
field visit onion field because I've
never seen an onion field in like in my
life I'm gonna tell you guys with me go
to Arlene field we're going to go
probably shopping for it in Walmart and
then we going to come back and do some
ghost-hunting sexy little to the nearest
onion form your onion bomb yes
come on Jim Capitol here damn it amazing
turns we started fucking day of
containment or hearing or work sighs we
made it
we're freaking really look at this this
is a whole onion form there's literally
so much of them and the fact that onions
are like kind of cheap there's so many
here that they're worth like hundreds of
thousands of dollars because that's not
how much onions there is here right now
in front of my face so you guys heard
about the feet this is my reaction
look at that it's the same Wow look at
this look at these yo
Wow let's go onion this is crazy onion
onions I'm using onions everywhere yo it
smells like straight-up onion electri of
not arms and cream the fuck someone
how's that long this whole farm that's
worth like hundreds of thousand dollars
maybe use here this property if I can
shoot us like you say go thing like that
on a walk through it I don't feel alone
Lena look at the onions I can on the
zoom in on this is so interesting I
don't know why I find it so interesting
onions okay can you just get up and get
Keynesians get one on him ah Can I grab
an onion or no and eat it
hardwood I don't want anyone I can you
do with me I'm scared
are you here one try one yeah I get one
let me go on that nobody say nothing
yeah there was a geek you want up thank
you rich thank you you sure yeah I feel
like I'm doing like a robbery right huh
I get I'll go
Kimberly I'm doing what the Freak hey yo
we just robbed on you we're not jamming
down is he the man what do you mean
would have an onion date 1/2 times the
taxi driver so cool so nice stop this
right here look this is welcome to
Vidalia if we onion city that's crazy
you in the middle of highway
let me get resting what am i doing for
just like go crazy for the last I'm
pretty not here for your money you know
it's amazing man yeah you man you're
never
not
we buy valuable Shalom with the onions
we go in gold content later on but the
get crazy something this Hollywood go
something yet I'll be this hot not going
go fucking get the hell out
now as we go go go go
Oh what's up Anna don't worry is putting
a missing how much a spare so we will
get a mess up first so we paid Andre I'm
here Leon a nice let's call the system
over it's not happening no I can't
Oh
that's all I've got the first of all my
name that's so cool a dumaguete client
back in the hotel right now
I just came from the jacuzzi I want to
go swim in the jacuzzi and swim in the
pool and I decided to do I did a little
Instagram vlog and jacuzzi and after
that it is realized at the pool I don't
know why I looked it up jump over chairs
because I'm known as like monkey Adam
because ever since I was like around
really other was eight or nine years old
I always jump over stuff so I started to
bring it back because last time I like I
jumped on with someone to watch them and
like I fell on their backs in it so and
I retired so try to come at retirement
let's try to jump over chairs to the
pool legs I I jumped over one I jumped
over to I jumped over three then I try
the number over the fourth one and I end
up hurting but like I just bruised up my
leg but everything is good how's that
it's freaky I just messed up I didn't
mess up I thought they thank you guys so
much for caring and for your love and
support
I'm good everything is good I just hurt
my ankles a little bit but I'm good
thank you guys so much and I'm not
probably probably like I'm probably
incan doing it but anyways I'll see you
guys in the next shot because the next
shot it's a it's something is my last
few it's time it's time audience
it's time we're good to go
go started reading what sounds right a
single-digit beautiful turn like this
12:30 a.m. right now 12:30 and almost 24
hours ago
round 2 thorium was when the whole
incident happens off you like the ghosts
come up after 12 and now we're gonna go
and see if there's any any ghosts but
the thing is we have no flashlights know
like those hunting equipment so we're
gonna use now just not a flashlight and
I mean use my flashlight and that's
pretty much what we have so we're just
going to go around and just look for
ghosts maybe us how many goats you never
know it don't touch this
and you know what told you you never
know we might find like a good friend e
he plays they go fight
ye Jin above ice covered a lot of her
place another decided slim so but you
never know these like those the time you
cool thing is I go out much want to be
found a cheap huh no Sevilla I was we
just we just gonna go this is allowed
when I wish apology letter right here
yeah we're gonna I think I'm realizing
us on a reduction bomb I ready I'm not
ready I'm holding become you know what
you have to go out to that front we have
to go to that front please around the
tree look I just want to get a chair
there's a gold signature the chanting
I'm state I'm standing picture well I'm
gonna sit down to dinner good turn and
you should go it
this Chairman goes yes yeah how will you
get 10 but keep looking
humming this is the area
they're what
for that sustainable it
and you get busy
any open Oh
but what you have an apple but even if
they go to check you have a ghost
Pro this looks like
frequently not even know what to say
Oh
Oh final example set the ban on visa not
a well-known gimmick phone come now tell
me are these kids
oh yes don't know nothin nicely
freakin Gucci slivers oh wait wait let
me stop unipampa or do you got a fear
we've got a lot that's it you're alone
come on come out wherever you are
hold on events together
hello why does venture this so we say
move
and other will come down with you come
on man come on leave him
all unreasonable
hook up you don't have a handle fine
correspond to real boxing because we
heard something
we just ran away like we didn't even go
back and like I swear we heard something
so there is no one knowing around good
well we can go through the Apple weapon
you do not enough in the world for you
is shits crazy if this video gets 50,000
thumbs up this video to shit not ready
to hear if this video gets 50,000 thumbs
up I'm getting I'm going to film while
we're sleeping me nods while we're
asleep so I'm going to put the camera
while we're sleeping we're just going to
see what goes on whatever it goes on so
this video gets its down thumbs up I'm
going to release that footage now I'm so
scared imagine we like go to sleep and I
still like a so Moses do weary watch it
and then we see like it's like we
literally see something cool Jesus is
about what would you going friend
nothing how would you write a good or
like or like that we so like interesting
but scary at the same time which is like
watching it but I'm done nothing day so
baby believe me we want to be
I know your father will be part of where
you're gonna be go don't let anybody
tell you what she's gonna be Oh baby
just gonna have anything you want from
me and I can't replace them but baby
