you guys ready Wow Ready Set come on
hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you're all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day your could be
having an amazing happy you know was
crazy I left to LA for like a week and
I'm back here and Deana talks a lot more
much a lot like a lot a lot literally
like she can't see me she's like Adam I
like your pants
Adam you smell good Adam where are you
going I'm like how are you good why
aren't you in school I'm at your house
cool you should punch your face because
I'm leaving to Georgia why not
I'm leaving man I'll leave it this is
like the worst satis like part here like
it's leaving my family but I'm doing it
for you guys I got to do it to achieve
my dream and I got to do it for my
family you know I'm doing the finger
right you don't know that Venus Munson
always get jealous of each other why do
you gotta get jealous of each other huh
ah no no doing that no dude I miss you
okay I'm gonna see you guys soon okay
what the heck was that what what is what
are you doing You cheeky brat huh why
are you giving random kisses like that
huh look at it uh what are you doing
then through the crazy yeah now unica's
finite he doesn't like it he's like too
late oh but okay why are you jealous huh
this is negative jealous so much my
purpose come to you like um don't cry
okay okay okay okay Matt last time up
give him time ago goodness in London I
love you muffin okay all right guys I'm
heading to meet up with Nas I'm going to
Georgia and I'm gonna let you guys know
why I'm gonna be filming in Georgia for
the movie down to the pier no more
Georgia to Wed I have to go in fast
again with you guys
new plan dad I feel you guys figure out
your next shot yo please do it up hey yo
what's good e not so good I got please
know you're close
yeah no way the first time worth it if
it's nobody
how'd it go we're really good I'm sorry
which one Jordan enjoyed hiding be
careful this guy knows me to look good
on the ice no well I don't know who
drinks ice look like me who the hell do
is milk life is weird
thank you for watching sir hi guys I'm
at the April right now I'm buying
another pair of sunglasses I'm going to
say okay I lost my Louis Vuitton
sunglasses I'll promise I'm a travel
vest not too busy because he's a red
banner hi guys I got it
what would you do Palooza okay would you
do it follows cuz I get notes bring a
loser can I come back I hope there's a
loser I'll come back and get one free so
event is surely among people severely
melanda me 26 multi disease automatic
credit available to all the old Kris
people Oh
somebody's been told that we're going to
Savannah Georgia and after we land the
Savannah Georgia we're going to take a
two-hour car ride to the place called
the dolly oh I'd even oh it is but it's
going to be really different and really
crazy so I cannot wait to experience
something like that and I will tell you
guys in a few minutes why I'm going to
go there
so it's really interesting really really
interesting so stay tuned for that and
I'll see you guys in the next shot we're
heading to the plane right now so I'll
see you out
where the hell are we
two-hour flight made it here vanna vanna
Georgia I've never heard of it till now
it's like a mini city I guess we're
going deep deep inside Georgia we're
like it's like suburbs a place called
what is it called on the valley of the
la v√≠a out I don't even know hover
knows what it is leave in the comments
below and it actually do know where it
is
uh-oh you go cookie when I see you
because that's pretty that's pretty cool
haven't went out in Savannah Georgia
well it's placated ii all right people
nice so far I'm really excited to go to
the suburb the suburban things I'm going
through because I don't know if I should
say or in a matter fact should I say now
I say I so I'm going to probably be like
I'm probably the only I'm probably gonna
be the only like Muslim in that like
neighborhoods because that area is like
it's like it's like it's like one of the
both Donald Trump supported area where
people are like scared of Muslims so I'm
going to be in that area the reason why
I'm going to be there because a couple
people submitted the video well the
movie that I'm going to be in that you
guys do not know the movie that I'm
going to be in has something to do with
people who are scared of Muslims and
we're giving away a free trip to Egypt
because Egypt is a diverse country -
muffled country and we're going to offer
people who are scared of Muslims in
Islamic for a free trip to Egypt and
they have to submit video people
Americans have to submit a video to
Congress films out or a couple people
submitted videos from there who are like
literally scared of Muslims they
admitted to and everything or the movie
starts there where I'm going to meet
meet that myself and I said it is going
to get really crazy but I'm excited I'm
really excited like you know I would
have never done this my life I would
never come like out of nowhere come here
but I'm here to kill a few guys so doing
wish me luck wish me the best is like
only everything when you guys tweeted me
salary what I do is I'll Gilligan we're
leaving Savannah and we're heading keeps
forgetting the city name what is it
called villaggio Medallia meadow no he
didn't deal so not visually but I'm not
gonna know my master
UK person but it should be really
invasive ha bye daddy bye daddy
my Dalia Vidalia
my god we finally made it
Battaglia funny videos by Del u by Del u
we're here eating
I got me a salad not a guy buddy got
crab musique crab hard I'm a diet we're
going to eat then head back to the hotel
and rest of the night
I'll show you guys oh it's done I'll
show you guys maybe some of the street
because it looks really really different
here like a whole different world live
was like a whole different world like
how's it looking you're lucky you
slipped on the way here why he was awake
he would really turn the car on now that
was pretty limiting them hoodies movies
it is lavender alleyways and foodie
churches and what some of the clothes
did like oh man scary
hi guys look at this this area we just
got done eating there it looks I mean it
looks alright but I'd rather see in the
daytime we'll show you guys all around
in the daytime it's getting be really
exciting I'm so tired right now I'm
gonna head back to the hotel I'll show
you guys the whole room I'll show you
guys everything because everything is so
different even the magazine's the papers
I feel like I don't know so I don't feel
afraid I feel like like not and I feel
left out like I'm not like I don't know
if so I can outside of here look at it
no one's here anyways but I still feel
like outside like look at this look at
this paper islet you can note is so like
southern and so look
if you read it you can read it like a
southern acting like tail from the
Alfama ha fiddling you eating and
foolishness look at that look at leas
with ovals I look sick because they just
let if you come here you can see the
license plate
we're not Alabama bus is Alabama god
Bless America let's go riding horses
Anya how you work on four horses one of
them is Billy other one it's all I don't
wanna calm Saul then what is Jacob love
them all look at this a hotel hello
amazing resident table help
this dream is under Adam fella alright
guys we're going to give you a hotel
room tour because this place is amazing
as much of this house that it is outside
the playground here is so amazing start
off with the TV right there and then in
the living room over here and it goes to
the kitchen there's a kitchen right here
and after that there's the bed right
here another TV here look at this
magazine I'm going to style like crazy
like usually I'll feel like Justin
Bieber Kim Kato magazine so that's
pretty much it my total you guys are you
why I'm here I'm only here for two days
then after that I'm going to a different
location and I'll let you guys know why
I'm going to that different location
that location is going to be Kentucky
Louisville Kentucky and I'll tell you
guys why in tomorrow's vlog it's
literally going to be insane you guys
really like what the heck Adam why are
you going there but it's part of the
movie and it should be dope so I cannot
wait I start filming tomorrow already
from the intro in New York City now
we're filming another part in Georgia
and other part in Kentucky we're going
to see how it go let me tell you guys
let me small little round of lag here if
you guys are excited and ready to go on
a journey with me
thumbs up thumbs up a doobie gang I hope
you guys are excited as I am saying you
guys so much for all your love and
support
I'm here to bring you guys with me
that's why I'm going daily vlogs because
I'm so excited I will show you guys all
the behind the scenes I'll see you guys
tomorrow zooming in Vidalia Georgia
take care
please like baby no you wouldn't be
I know your father will be part of for
your country go don't let anybody tell
you what you found and ready oh baby
just gonna have anything you
