I got three mops they're gonna go sweaty
first you ready hey guys what stoppers
do me yang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing cold day so if I'm having an
amazing cold day you all should be
having an amazing cold day yes laughing
you told me to open the door I know it
is snowing outside it's a blizzard I'm
gonna head out so you guys can see Rima
and Mawson and then after that we're
gonna go out and play in the snow
okay what's the river and mosses who
wants to go out there is no muffin why
you have to make it up yes so go just go
just go go go go go go go go
okay what the I said go get dressed
one two two and a half don't get dressed
okay okay doing the game before I go
outside I will show you guys what I'm
going to wear because outside is no joke
like it's literally no jokes you guys
think it's cold out there in London
if you think it's cold out there and
Australia in the wintertime it's cold
here so first I have three socks I'm
going to put one on another sock I'll
put it on my Center Rima looking at me
like I'm some kind of weirdo but it's
reasoning you know saying you're not
gonna regret it
outside the socks and another sock look
this for your middle Easterns usually
socks as gloves so these are my gloves
after that I have one pants on right now
it's thermal these are called thermals
like under your test I'm going away
another sweat pants I'm gonna wear my
two socks you are I'm gonna wear my
contacts why are you copying me you
can't be kind because one okay they
weren't these are my second pants my mom
is looking at me right now like I'm a
weirdo this is my third plus hands I'm
telling you man
I've been out in the cold here in New
York
I just came from LA so this is even
colder for me so this is my third chance
I have one shirt on already Ohio
represent Ohio
I got another sweater that I'm going to
put on mr. Adams our sweater right here
look s Adam saw sweater now I think you
know what man
okay by the way I have a one direction
hat this out right here it's a legendary
hat Wow oh it was nothing
where's muslin take care Moulson and
after that I'm going to put on
I'll take hoodie where's muffin mother
wasn't and now I'm going to have a
jacket the silky jacket because whenever
the snow goes on it
they just rolls right off the desert
sticker on the hook boom and all I need
is to wear some Tim's cuz I'm from New
York City
and people from New York where Tim's and
then after that I'm probably gonna look
for gloves hopefully so I can make a
good snowman outside rimas coming with
me Marcin was not supposed to come the
only way he was going to come is because
my mom right here was looking at me she
told me the only way he could come
outside and play with those in the snow
is if we bring him a blanket so muffin
mother come with her my dad's ever want
me to go say you know what if I get up
so close you go honey
listen I love you guys Oh y'all not to
go you ready to go I'm ready you ready
yeah okay how many times you gonna three
how many sweaters together one wow your
upper body is really freezing that's
like do me gang we're out here in such a
park people are sledding rimas I in the
snow
hi I think this is not the first time
since no I don't know or maybe it is for
some enough oh my God look is this no
Muzzin at the first thing he does this
whole link right here is I stayed uses
what will happened last time guys I'm
gonna tell you guys a crazy crazy story
I've know if you guys can hear because
it's musical but around maybe like 10
years ago when I was 13
Yousef was around 8 o snowing like this
Yousef was a crazy 8 year old just like
say F even crazy he tried to walk on the
height and he fell inside and I had to
grab him and pull him out literally
almost I hated like using remember huh
was right here right you remember right
yeah darling please hilarious come on
come on hello Adam devices I got it
watch out Adam hold on a feet leave up
let me just feel it
let me just seal it up some people she's
that way soon
you okay don't worry son okay I just
want to take a step and see what's good
I got a fun Club the first thing I
always do is feel the snow to see if
it's like like you can make a snowman or
not it looks like let me see oh man
okay Oh sucks it's not that good it's
like literally powder look I can tell
you
yo check it first like cuz look down
there out of his water hey do me a look
at this mussels in a blanket you okay
I feel so bad he's so cold you okay Wow
yeah you want to play well huh look at
that you want to do that muffin you have
two gloves on Wow let's go this place do
me game we don't know who let it this
all seems a little broken but we're
going to use it don't use it so see ya
like a run muffin Pavan going to go see
ya hello one question I leave that dog
you so cute Starling this is the thing
the people split from here all the way
down there I got you I got you
hi after you guys cut ready move back
one step go oh oh oh I got em office'
gonna go sledding first ready yeah
hi granny another what's letting in my
life ready
how do I good yeah you lean back what
the hold on tight hello Freddie
okay what's that I'll go through I'm
going through ready I gotta go hi guys
so we're taking a picture right now and
this Blizzard with uses GoPro and take a
picture all you gotta say is GoPro take
photo is a critical thing watch this
look I'm going next to it so you guys
can hear it this is so cyclic watch this
ready GoPro take photos that's so sick
technology read mommy do you have made
it you guys are good that's really good
yeah Khan crazy wizard
I feel bad I'm up in the tree thing oh
my gosh sorry baby I love you doing come
on we're heading back right now
everybody okay I'm gonna lay on the path
what do you want Thompson one coca-cola
Pepsi inside his little bottle yes no
time she's not good yeah drinking hot
chocolate okay chocolate is not good no
okay okay okay can you show them how to
be Batman
yeah show them Batman come on okay ready
set go Batman Batman go okay do me yeah
it's time to wrap up to the vlog I just
woke up from a nap and I'm freezing
freezing cold I have to pack again
because I'm leaving to Georgia tomorrow
it's not Atlanta Georgia's a different
city in
Georgia and I'll let you guys know why
and I'll keep you guys updated why
tomorrow basically I'm filming the first
part of the movie and I'll let you guys
know why tomorrow why I'm heading to
Georgia out of all places so thank you
guys so much for 11:00 support you guys
enjoy wog make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey thank you guys so so
much for literally or your dedicated
support I appreciate you guys so much
and I cannot wait to take you guys on a
journey with me on the movie then after
that it's a lot more stuff so I'll see
you guys tomorrow do me Hank
take care or pitch like baby believing
we wanna be I know your father will be
better for your sanity don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby just
gonna have to anything you listen me
