I know did you say I look like him
I look like they can massive thank you
what's up and uma yang I just woke up
right now and there's a lot of people
knocking in my door in my apartment door
I am going to go out and say hi to you
guys but I think is a lot of you guys
are knocking for hours in the morning
and like I'm going to go out for like I
have to dress up like half naked I
waited out dress up and get ready then I
go down and I can see you guys some
people banging on the door and going
crazy so I'm gonna go I think James is
there right now let's go public things
like coming here all right guys I
appreciate all your love and everything
but when you guys bang and go crazy like
I don't know it like it scares like
James and Divi and it gets them annoyed
because they're sleeping for me I don't
mind like I don't know like I guess ask
for it ask for it because I don't know
how people found out but as for I don't
mind people not kidding and just you
know disturbing my sleep I just can't
come on out because I'm half-naked and
there's like three boys and like four
girls like outside like all together so
I need to dress up and I go see you guys
down in next shop then after that we're
going to go to a park because I feel
like I've been trapped inside the
apartment
I don't feel human anymore like I want
to go out and do human stuff like I'm
always trapped inside so I have to go
out and yeah and I'm gonna go say what's
up I'm just going to do human substance
you guys I'll see you guys the next shot
bucks guys let me give a shout out these
are the kids who had the poles out tough
like that I'll do it
how long have you guys to wait so I was
like literally half thick but we give a
shout to Yanni you know San Antonio 2000
again I give a shout out you for those
are anger
unwrap one what school you guys go to
hot on the floor and came at BK
BK without bear was so satisfied yeah
yes was supposed yeah that was good
actually yes so she's the one that's
across in the process everything to
everyone
hi guys we're heading to a park right
now the people we just met
those were the poll people James when
you said the poll people yeah after my
mind and the other one was the girl
across the window everyone was so cool
you guys are so nice I'm sorry about
having you guys wait is just like when
you guys come knock for like hours we
literally look like half like naked or
dressing up we're just doing like or
asleep man that person this morning over
like 8 o'clock in the morning
but yeah we're going to this park just
have a little walk and stuff because I
haven't even like left I haven't left
our pharmacist like the day before
yesterday so we're going to take a
breather to go around a park in this
chill out well green well green
represent since we've been living here
James rather I think the husband would
rain well green thumbs we're in this
park right now and there's a lot so
there's a bathroom I thought I came into
the park and it's the first time that I
seen a basketball court in the UK oh
yeah yeah this is huge but they don't be
honest I don't know what maybe getting
off the hook hey guys I'm good guy you
too man thank you I sort of see they're
nice and Bowl that's one of like scope
them it's the first time I've seen a
basketball court anyone such a
basketball is the UK you'll actually
step in the court and just Verta the
first time but actually in the UK was
the first times in the box no I've never
because they always abiding the first
basketball Uffizi
know cuz because they're all about
soccer full right there - all about
soccer and football yeah I never seen
anyone play you know I've never seen
animals play basketball so I'm thinking
maybe we'll do it another day well it
means full of wolves hearts are sitting
on the ground holding across the cup
that I've seen in the UK today you know
you don't know how like you don't know
how like I mean you have never seen that
someone play right it's the first bag
I've seen hanging around the trade today
I think what club comes so we're gonna
come meet some people in Barcelona
sometimes outside
how are you how you doing good
hi oh good your mommy mounted like this
we take care of a flag of the gang
her mom's looking at me like that like
why is she going over there whoa what
oh well it's crazy seeing a basketball
boyer the dudes shot the ball like this
like it's a full Volvo we're looking at
you right no they just say I look like
him
I look like yellow so oh I don't know
what's up you're right you're playing
you're playing you think I'm going to
wait oh wait a minute what's up man you
guys okay yeah well I Love You Man you
gonna yeah cut it look sleazy sick
so play some ball play back a little oh
my god Oh Adam okay okay
thank you and I got my sneakers in the
shorts are high up on the mountain
okay you kill people in a lot of places
how pitiful woman a couple tears are not
overcome
yeah your teeth their teeth before
they're your hood how do you discover
the 3% but hey you know I'm not from
there 500 people at the broad nice
Ramona oh no yo guys beautiful Margot
Misawa you believe in magic I believe in
magic
not really not happen to have a traitor
here fight anytime why is that one like
this send me a bitch hey happy with that
so the camera so the camera daddy stop
discard it remember your car yes give
one more shopping for ignore our she
tries with the every type in your car no
not marketing
is this your box look hold up make sure
they give you a lot
check again maybe the truck I go hi guys
I was a really really sick park a huge
hat at the mark I can't believe he
murdered me Lily I got no point no
nothing
I give work so much mom but I'm coming
back with slim sevens coming tomorrow
I'll come back with market ticket you're
the man I come back to you guys soon I
don't know why I will come back the kids
are back here with Ellis Watchtower
Allison Buster what's up hi IRA nice
crab this get more handsome
you know David okay that was oh you like
I'm sorry I like this one out what's the
clips as a clip to clip some monkeys
personally but it's not like Garfield
like a like a grayish start Garfield ice
it's got a teddy bear fight really look
it's called grey on the car and then I'm
behind figitus you chillin hi guys over
one of them oh my head
go come on hey chill it look at this
okay go ahead now these changes will
chair that's keep on you're playing
against good are using she's not to say
how much he trusts you together
she trusts whoopee oh she just took so
much about him whoa the cat scratch is
so hard on the deciding little well look
at these fighting look oh my god
oh go get on come on come on oh come on
now they will talk come on get up you
scream and count and come on cat fight
oh oh oh oh they playin oh no oh my god
but okay older she's in here but he's
fighting a plane
oh yeah I suppose over
whoa whoa Bell is fighting cream yo
they're fighting ugh
yo they go it in they go with it
I feel bad no no thank you oh my god
it's so cute
yeah I want to fight you I got so much
that got me against thank you so much
well Val you're so sweet oh I should
open an hour open later yes oh my
god this is official business oh say wow
this is Joe I remember to do it then
your bday IRA now the better you promise
to do what I'm told this is so sick aha
I like that sofa thank you guys so much
Thank You Alice and Roger thank you guys
you got to say they're just children now
everyone's children myself there's like
an invitation what's up hi kitty okay do
me ganga is time to wrap up this vlog I
hope you all enjoy this life you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey
I'm heading to that I hope you guys did
enjoy this vlog I'm gonna come back I'm
gonna go back to that basketball court I
have to go back because I don't know
like I wasn't prepared I wasn't ready so
but they were good like you guys you
guys are like you got to show so much
love out then do you okay what I don't
know where area was that but teepee I
don't know you got to show so much love
so I'm going to come back again with
slim this time and we're gonna have a
fun fun match and we're gonna see how it
is mark and come back to you I've come
back so I don't know how you guys do you
guys normally show like that the UK like
one hand to just throw like that cousin
that I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow
take care oh I like don't baby please be
who you want to be I know your father
will be proud of your you're gonna see
the lonely
I tell you aren't you gonna be Oh baby
you can have anything you want some me
