you ready ready hey guys what's up in
Douma gang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing they saw a farm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day
hi guys I'm finally finally finally
changing my hairstyle I don't know if
you guys are noticing but my hair is
combed oh my god like literally like I'm
so I'm so nervous but not not just gonna
hook it up because not just not only my
manager my team my pharmacist my doctor
he's also you know a celebrity
hairstylist he's gonna pull my hair to
another colors I'll talk to you guys and
I'm gonna tell you guys crazy fan
experience stories while he's giving me
the cut so we can have a little time to
time I wanted to feel like that you guys
are in the barber shop with me not so
much
steakhouse no no no oh my god you live
in a rich kid oh and look abroad I got
so let's start off the fan experiences
that you know me and Nas have had I
don't know if you guys can hear me but
um yeah can you guys hear me
alright so this happened recently like
three days ago so a lot of fans were
knocking on the apartment door that I'm
in that I'm living in London and someone
not they opened up and I was like yes so
like can I come in and I was like I was
like um no it was just weird and then
she was like I got you buckle our gloves
I have a little video for it so I should
probably show it over here lose it huh
okay move it
okay come in
you can't sorry Willa Wow Oh baby you
show them the back of the head quickly
Robin and show them the back of the head
is sick it looks like you like this good
I look sick enough yeah all right cool
oh the skin fade right
yes conveyed huh Wow what
let me tell you guys another crazy story
that happened this happened yesterday
not yesterday but the house all that
guilt yeah this is Joe this happened
yesterday like not even 24 hours ago so
I'm sitting down in the living room and
the window is not open but it's a glass
window and our light is on so you can
pretty much see me if someone is from a
different building so there was three
fans from a different building across us
who had their light on they were
snapchatting me and Nas flower in the
living room and they sent a snap to nod
and they're not just looking at it like
hold up wait this is this looks like off
to the living room and then we turn our
heads to the right and then we look
through the glass window and then we
look straight across there was three
fans with their phones who snapped up
while we're like they can see us pretty
much whenever we're doing the living
room even if I was butt-naked in the
living room changing they could have
seen everything so I saw it I was like
what
I know I can do my beer what I do for my
beer now is a beard fate like I faded it
from here
I don't know why I just feel like my
beard goes so fast now
alright guys Naz is done with my beard
and I was done with the whole haircut
fade now it's time for him to do
whatever he's putting y'all sometimes
what color you're putting don't worry no
please don't don't worry honey but look
at that flicky blonde well I like you
better not don't put a lot closer
ha just close your eyes I guess we're
doing you a favor yeah I'm also doing
your friends the table yeah I'm doing
your parents available start we're just
not letting everyone a favor also you
know when we touch my face I break out
guys look reason why break out because
when I get cuts and like to touch touch
my face like but don't worry pimples
don't mean anything
you're so beautiful I always break out
all the time no one's perfect cause
whatever you don't put if I don't worry
just relax sit back I've seen your tweet
well you wrote the D word I'm a freakin
back in mine I got to tell you to like
what are you doing you fixing this I
don't I don't know if you're gonna make
it to some next we're suffering I'm
getting little the roofs of us Oh
Oh
oh my god does tell me does it better
why would you put it like this I like a
mom no it was so much well know if this
gets 50,000 forms up he has to keep it I
want to change it what are you doing
stop doing that crazy you hair you
look like you look you look weird with
that blonde in your head tell me he
doesn't look so much better I'm changing
it right now but listen I have to change
I don't know you're not tell me he does
not look better
what the hell souls wrap what the frig
thousand people agree yeah then you know
that I'm right and if they're done then
you can change it but I find pink easily
so yeah fifty thousand people says up to
you guys you guys won't if you guys want
to keep this hairless I think you should
stay like this $50,000 than I'll cube
2,000 pounds at you keep it I'll keep it
over 50,000 in 24 hours why you putting
a hat on forces work I just done 100k
one hour okay that's not properly one
hour spent cutting hair you know how
many people tweet me every day say tell
him to stop wearing hats I'm gonna hide
all these hats for real
everything this is the new chapter I
kind of feel good I feel like it's a new
new chapter is over thank you honestly
appreciate guys in the comments below
write down like oh my god why would you
do purple like this percent in the
comments below so you can prank the
people in the comments because I feel
like the comments even though they all
they are is like spam in the comments I
want on Houston real you me getting
comments but some say huge shout-out to
the homie Naja
thank you so so much for hooking my hair
up I still want to change the color but
you know that it everything I return our
hair thank you so so much not so you
guys want to follow us on social media
so I as Twitter Instagram snapchat
myspace everything's right
yeah moderator thank you so much that's
it no thank you so much I appreciate it
so much see you guys tomorrow
brand new Adam and take care I like
baby believe me who you wanna be I know
your father will be proud of where
you're gonna be
don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna be Oh baby you're gonna have
anything you want from me and I can't
