okay
Hey
if you could make me like hey guys
what's up adieu me Ganga hope will
happen today because we're having an
amazing day so if we're having an
amazing day you I got you guys dude I
know Leo is here his birthday's in two
days two days how these and he's turning
nine years old and he's asking for a
gift from his daddy so I was telling him
get an iPhone 7 plus someone gets iPhone
7 get an iPhone meet an Android
what why would you want to get an
Android get an iPhone 7 plus that's the
most expensive phone you want to get out
there and make sure the the one with the
most memory okay
so what you want for your birthday so I
can know what you like what do you like
what you like Lego what else do you like
hi guys I'm at the suit shop right now
and I need to get a suit because I have
my engagement is like literally in like
a month or two and I need to have a suit
so I decided to choose it here in London
because New York like New York is a swag
now in London there's more like I'm a
people work where like the suits are
good what kind of food should I get it's
so hard to choose I don't think you get
a color for one you haven't got married
I'm not married yeah I'm just looking
for a suit uh-huh thank you Rick are you
gonna come to my wedding huh
I'm coming to your birthday party and I
come to my wedding in New York James
what should I get these types right here
or the one done around here at work this
one okay you know what you should do for
your wait a minute but we should we
should get a color theme that's
Halloween yes we should do you should
get everyone to wear that one color
David James you know so let's say said
why I chose this color very stands out
but very tender what's the best color
for an engagement you tell me the black
is a white band right listen even I
don't have anything about like one of
these so simple what do you think well
I'm a suit man I don't matter it's I'm a
Superman suit loan
I like that one yes now look at this one
I like this one coming
so this one I hear voice you're inside
and black both laughing yeah
waiting good huh waiting yes loss you
can work with it guys I never go to
shops and I'm always like a New Yorker
like south I need to address some more
like you notice me just swag down look
hey I like to put it yeah I put it close
to death because it hasn't amounted as a
cup now imma only got a hat on cuz my
hair
my hair's back
yo look at this what you think looks
like it you look like Floyd Mayweather
I like floored mixer with over I like
everything I just like the pants is too
- dragging from the bottle I can't my
hair is my hair's a mess bro my hair's a
mess so they just gotta be obviously
needs to be fitted more I like a look
cool waiting love and it's refitted more
they did a tuck in the bottom for the
games is your tailor this year toilet
can they be tens tell us okay we'll do
it
yes Yoli over videos get this one right
here to the edge Amy over sounds yeah
well any over 500 is good not has by Leo
birthday you have to give me a phone
something and I thought to give him the
most expensive one Yoli or if you get
the iPhone 8 make sure you get the
iPhone 7 get that sensor and then this
one was good here because it has 609 I
just can't believe like an
eight-year-old is gonna have a phone
when out eight years old I never had no
phone I didn't have nothing I had a toy
phone Oh Mia
Leo's feeling these feelings I can't get
him to see them as enough official the
damage excuse me can you show what the
moves of like oh I don't know
yeah I mean yeah give me three down well
colorful guys from New York oh very we
can we can ability we can do that yeah
shows the move away
okay little bit for second open yeah I
got Leo got it phone
I'm getting my suit tailored either
Friday or Saturday and right now we are
in Nando's I'm about to get me I don't
know I would get the same thing as Leo
gets all right
what are you here heavy heavy kick
having paralyzed has any chicken
I have the chicken talents with helium
cheese and Delia tell you fellas how you
pronounce it now I want you to say it
Adam you know how to pronounce the
helium helium you can only brute and if
you don't know how to say something like
Aaron
hello me like that
hi guys I can't leave Leo without doing
the musically I'll be going to a music
me it's kind of windy here oh my god the
camera fell what song do you want to do
how's it going that's 5% info go this is
the UK yes do one direction I want to go
one direction they suck laughing we're
not doing musically anymore you fed one
direction from huh little wonder she's
really I'll give it to mouth jaren
ourselves ourselves he shouts you guys I
shall talk to Nadia I'm socks and the
men right here guys
again give us Alex one goes with Donna
yeah what's her name I know
Schmidt it hums the house you got a
checklist of a thumbs up
like under my coat you finally made it
hi why am i somebody doing guys so high
so I'm all fine just go to bed love
where do you want to go hey no you're in
jail you're locked up I see you next
year
you ready Mustang this year are you
ready or much to keep on going keep on
spinning him bounce out my you're gonna
be dizzy hence we must earn ream are you
ready Kereama Sebastian okay Hamzah turn
oh maybe then I can wake up wake up
machine United that have fun we have fun
mission I can't hear you
mission gotta take his nap Lima gotta
take her nap too yes you gonna thicken
up your yawning okay do me I had back in
the apartment I have to go back to get
my suit tailored and the homie leo he
left we couldn't get to do a musically
we're gonna do next time on his birthday
it's a huge shout-out to you leo I'm
gonna end the vlog here so hope you guys
all enjoyed this vlog you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey
when I end the vlog there's literally
like six to seven hours of hard work and
dedication going in there because I just
wanna work hard for you guys and let
this out to you guys I'm just I don't
know how to said anything about it yet
I've still don't know one is right time
to say it but I'll keep you guys updated
trauma but to keep you guys updated with
it but thank you guys so so much and I
appreciate you guys I literally read
your tweets every single time you guys
give me some positive positive tweets
even when I don't tweet because the
Wi-Fi here suck so bad service sucks so
bad so I appreciate all your positive
messages everywhere through every social
media like
chat Instagram Facebook Twitter YouTube
in the comments thank you guys so so
much I seriously have the best gang in
the world so thank you guys and yes we
thank you for just being like always
being there for me I'll always be there
for you guys because you guys are so so
amazing and you guys keep me smiling so
I love you take care and peace like I
know your father will be eternity Oh
baby's gonna hang
