like hey guys what's up a doobie gang I
hope you have an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so we're
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy sighs I'm having
a good day guys you guys haven't seen
knives in the vlogs it was because he
was sick so me James have to make him
you know a better and come for him is
rated C almost every day we put a
multiplexer on you brush your do be
pregnant okay why would we put another
blanket on you is already a blanket on
you we put the blanket we think of me
but not is really sick yeah I think
strep throats and whenever he like eat
it can rarely like go through his throat
but we're gonna go eat right now I don't
know why you're going to eat can you eat
a banana well this is the longest
friendly ever we get some pizza
how's that popper in your hand guys look
at that chicken spot it looks like we're
storms each I music video big people
like a chicken shop guys I'm recording
now is on its phone to the police be in
the UK she's about to get a steak and
you're looking at live murders it's out
of Ukraine yes my god you're wigging
luck enough the service fee right come
on my fucking time gladly give up with
this it's cute it came up on my timeless
hi guys once again wet circuits
I don't know I've I think purchase
wouldn't want my favorite kid food ever
I'm being healthy today and only getting
salad right here my god we don't have
ice coffee here so had to tell them see
me a hot coffee with the cobble viable I
got like this ready until the photos
that I guess I coffee when you have at
the note going on I never tried it have
a nurse come on our calamari kalimera
those onion rings
like not literally order this whole
thing
are you all right mm I can't eat this
rope so you guys watch to blow up the
other day and I'm working up and riddle
the match with a new string sounds like
shit shopping opportunity it's 9 o'clock
right now Adam still asleep with a lot
of stuff to do scree I just went out but
some of the ladies you ignore this guy's
big elasticity and not any of you guys
have sisters out there you know how much
this you have and put all of the
collections right on B's right now might
even put one and I can connect one on
these toes and then I'm going to look a
few up an Omega Q 1 minute so that he
could live off himself but Adams and by
the way this isn't the prank this is in
the pregnant I'm getting you baskets
just for fun
- then I guess we could success back
here through the hustle now there is not
do this blanket it is a charitable
puffiness on the internet for another
what NASA since two o'clock
I don't know which side is it
wake up early looking there's nothing
fucking is something we're collaging Oh
what my legs
what the hell bro my leg vote it's just
a bankroll extract roll my hair the
pharmacy the whole hair's gone ah you
Pig ah come on
hello with the food string now go come
on bro a release of reckless man oh my
god yo let's be the hit then Adam oh my
god bro
James what do you do I've never shaved
my legs ladies if anybody wants their
legs saved you know where to come we're
going to stop opening up in wood green
jeans what do you do though asking her
oh this is just the beginning of them
please and Zuma gang sounds the start of
everything man we got a long today I
thought we even both forgot alone what
do you mean even for having spotted I
haven't even started
oh she's just a good morning this is not
a prank I was like pain both ways the
breakfast what will happens a person
having raised at breakfast
Oh until beginning I'm in the bathroom
right now but a shower I'm so 18 in city
and
so I don't know if it sounds I feel
angry I got my legs locked at the same
time I'm kind of relieved because they
hopefully now who doesn't get me back to
be more like I'm so scared he ever come
harder I have to take a shower now to
remove everything I never wake up this
early my hair is completely gone what
the heck oh and the G one time you know
what I was going to kill me James I give
you props at our some of the few days
but Thomas I want others
I know you still I would not let you fly
before we leave so if you shot - James
busy a lot ahead I'm gonna get to but
thank you guys so much for watching this
video hope you guys enjoyed if you did
make sure you have thumbs up and go sir
I didn't get along even end of the blog
he should have a single one but I was a
shower after you a small take care and
collect I can't replace them but maybe a
private big menu be brother every day
for the rest of my life to do
I can
