hey I'm I'm yours if you let me got it
all these people
like hey guys what's up a doobie gang I
hope you're having the replay because
I'm having an amazing day so about
having an amazing Australian Russia will
be having an amazing happy day we have
an amazing man on what property you know
you woke up you woke up and there's like
so many silly strings in his ear and I
was dying laughing no soil areas but
sounds like hey man when I'm sorry I'm
sorry
oh he doesn't like you know or even now
I don't know whether like literally
beautiful today's the first time I see a
blue sky in I know it is good this is a
miracle fingers on three I know I leave
this the sky's blue I've never seen the
sky be useful this is insane
getting a lot of you guys look at man
how's it going all right
chillin we pumped Holden Holden you guys
coming uh suppose but where are you from
from UK it was Edmonton we admitted is
it like is there like a rap at Machine
II that's meaning you go remember I
appreciate it thank you go back to the
apartment
I do me yank so something really serious
just happened right now I was vlogging I
supposed to go out but then something
happened to my nephew Hamza who was 12
years old and I don't really I didn't
really want to speak about on this vlog
so I'm not even going to make a
thumbnail and title I'm just going to
update you guys about what basically
happen so there's a thing in New York
City it's called like people call it the
knockout game or stallin where young
kids they go out and they beat up kids
for no reason literally no reason and I
know this because I grew up where people
do the same things hamza to me pretty
much having those outside alone walking
alone near his building and then around
16 people over 15 to 16 people jumped
hamza for no reason completely no reason
at all and the kids were around 14 to 15
years old luckily alhamdulillah Hamm's
is good but they punched up the stomach
and stuff and it wasn't for the doorman
to help thumbs out who would have known
like what happened but the doorman
helped them out even when the doorman
help them out people were still throwing
small
Adam and throwing snowballs at the
doorman and the door which is it's just
like I don't know what to say like when
my sister told me about this my drunk my
adrenaline rush was so high I got so
angry like like who do that's a imitate
little boy who did nothing I understand
if someone we did something but like do
it someone like did nothing to you like
what's the point what's the point why I
don't want my family going through what
I went through when I was when I was
younger being bullied and stuff so it
got me really really angry to the point
where I called slim the land point out
who you know who jumped them and stuff
and to handle it but I have to be the
bigger person it sucks being the bigger
person sometimes in like because you
know these people that were doing stuff
to have nothing to lose and I just you
know I can't stoop that low so it's
really hard being that bigger person but
I have to just like take it like a man
which sucks really bad because man like
these like the past couple years like
people have done you know messed up
things to me but I always have to be the
bigger person stay quiet don't do this
don't do that but they're just yeah
that's pretty much the update I want to
tell you guys
okay OVA so this is so so weird because
some people found out where I was saying
that and then they were knocking on my
door and so like that but this was I had
to let him I had to let it because look
she has kids who are so adorable so what
canarian hey I got my Elif Elif and what
your sister's name is I'm not a
visionary I Mia was that visually it was
so cute thank you guys so much we took
you she brought kittens so I know I have
to see the kid because it's so so cute
it's one is Anna oh my god Ella I Ella I
don't know how old it should he can do a
lot if you take a lot from here doing
what market you hang some mother so I
would just say like like ice water cold
I am yes you can
oh my god Louise oh my god however to
source more out of it and if I'm weak
so the week's was like was another baby
something yeah my cat Elsa she's the
pageant yeah well as yes like different
colors in da house fit what if eclipse
and she's got a teddy bear straight she
owns you
oh my god guys this is like there's so
many very rare there's so many jellies
20 freaking kids I had like bring them
and see how they all have names by the
way from my characters and don't really
sorry you're not going I like scissor
and off this end the clip from like you
know do is climb out here oh my oh boy
okay yeah and I want to find out as well
three mentoring ago autonomy Twilight
which are they open to the sound quality
yeah highlight what's up following to
find the fluffiest one what's up well
it's so cute hey what's up this is
adorable
oh my god I want to keep alone Bella
they got Bella this is Bella from Polly
and like this one is um sounds like
alumna Bella Bella Brendon all facial
Ella's more shy who you think will be
the best for me and which one will I fit
happy who's buddy happiness cute this is
one oh my god Oh help happy is from ELF
after film how do they calculate so many
different colored babies yeah because
I'm the father is a half Wow yeah
they've got different colors this cat is
so cute oh my I'm freaking out there's
another one you're joking
Oh
my god this is business I like to just
escape back in Twilight tell my guy hi
darling yo this is oh this is like cat
heaven hi kitty
fine I just look at this this is so
adorable I don't know what to choose
there like anyway I couldn't save them
from a girl Wow you know I want them all
different colors yes oh my god what I
love is all here just like the best
present ever this is insane
oh my god get it
what is this someone's like gifted me
like that no Locker attendant this is so
cute I thank you elaborate yeah and
Ellis and you're gonna get involved
yeah such like eventually just on the
surface oh it's chocolate I'll tell you
sure - thank you so much yeah I tell you
sister
you listen hi and I'm going to surprise
them tomorrow with you we'll get you a
listen sbir E&C LSP I argued and a nice
meal because I don't like where someone
just give to me like showing the
operation mmm I love this only say so
thank you so much so my brother black
for a bit so you shout out to my brother
hey thank you so much here is his vlog
enjoy it watch it
and thumbs up my older but today we get
to do a different kind of life you guys
have you know I got the scarf on I got
the so on and I'm gonna make a little
bit different we're going to do like a
Middle East of light I'm gonna do
everything in Arabic so what letter is
that Mac give me a word with stuff yah
yah yah yah yah NVA I know now tell them
is that that that you hack and our G
half in half
hahahaha does a girl then you said you
know it I mean I know Holland it will
say together I mean you say together
okay
okay so Remo was struggling with I left
that tat it's kind of hard for you right
it's okay I'm a smile okay
you look sad smile then huh okay okay no
not gonna handle the elephant in fact
show me and really listen to the
elephant first name King G no you have
to listen to this is a good one
okay just press play just play no press
play Reema Anna she did I just opened
this oka refresh his memory
no Ike if you're going too fast she was
going too fast so I couldn't so I
couldn't do it okay do me gang it's time
to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed this vlog she did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so so much for a love and
support that you guys show every single
day I truly appreciate it you guys
coming through every day watching
something up comments thank you guys so
so much so he'd shout out to you guys
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care I mean we want to be I know
your father will be better for your
sanity
don't let anybody tell you what you
wanna be Oh baby you're gonna have
anything you want amazing I can't
replace them but baby I practically
smell the murder every day for the rest
of my life to be
