Hey hey guys what's up to do me again I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing there so
if I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy dirt
so I am here in London we're going to
hang out first and after I'm going to
come back to six seven hours of crazy
work I have this cool cool idea to do
today I need to escape from this
apartment alone and get like thousands
of cups so I could pull this off but
first I'm going to go out with James
dizzy and Naz I'm gonna hang out with
them so for that and when we come back
I'm going to sneak out run out and go
get cups and let's do it so it sums up
if you're ready for this journey
hopefully I'm successful at doing it I
think I got this I think I got I'm gonna
do it on James and Divi because I think
that stayin in the same room I don't
know about mostly I'm also going to get
James but Divi Divi something so I'm
sorry man like I'm sorry
see how it goes I'll see you guys in the
next shop okay okay
hi guys we're not converted we're going
to take a little roll around London I've
never been discard my first time in car
so I'm about to be up and be like hey
hey hey what's up about to go crazy how
do you drive safe okay
oh come on another car is like weirdo
flagged out just like that
thank you so very close I want y'all all
the few happens if you put your hands in
just get almost we go how do we steal it
you let me do it
you want to know without handing the car
well I wanted to go into my glove box
and take some money out or just take
something kind of love walk wait so
you're saying that what if we open up
the blood box so we don't put our hand
in and it stops with you yeah oh this is
very over you're like oh is this it
how'd it go with you another pop oh it
does what I'm doing tonight so much
Russell you're not going to talk to just
how your this is very useful person off
you go you good brother
lovely rose okay two weekends for
everybody back home here in the
apartment they down there I closed the
door so I asked me to escape are not to
get the cup and I come back that's all I
need to do literally the shop is like
right next to us so I'm not talking
about it so I'm gonna go get a coffee
look okay come back I was back yeah you
get it I call them from cop political
co-star Kosta Kosta Kosta Kosta yes
little power money
alright guys I'm at this place Oh like a
99-cent store and I would look at all
the over plastic cup I finally found a
place for that plastic house gains and
dividend aside like working on some
producing whatever I'm going to go
inside I'm have to sneak in so many
toughs
so they won't see the cuffs that I have
in my room whenever they sleep I can put
it all over their room so we're going to
see how it goes and how many cups I'm
going to get back to these or 100 in
size these are 20 and I don't know which
one me but I was the phone one or the
plastic one guys I don't know which one
I get so I should get the plastic one
but the foam ones I'm thinking hey hey
you don't man what's up yeah yeah help
me out man what should I get
I'm doing like this I'm doing like this
prank but I'm getting cups you're
putting it around the bed rock and I get
plastic cups or foam cups no you know
what you're going to get was get the
plastic the plastic cups again the toxic
ones is a better idea and I have more
variety yeah that's right
this is giving the Kakaako to focus or
fucking yeah vomiting a lot more like a
lot how much is one hundred signs aren't
written card all right let me get how
much I get stop let me get ten of them
thousands I can run the thousand five
hundred so 15 of these
seven what's a good work word in the UK
things like ass language a king's no
ping ping pong things rush a bouncing
yeah fine does that mean yes ionized
that means UK pompy Buddha Brad the big
man in the house thumbs up sums up to
mental state we remain round blah blah
moment the Big Bang the house been
through so much my night appreciating
your eyes how do we thank you guys I got
the cups I'm ready to go
I'm not going up on it first I'm going
to keep the bags come here just looking
be sure that and I'll be right alcohol
inside there talk doors open
this is why us
hi guys speaking he spoke so long I
didn't open take this one look at this
Oh was it
hi 1,000 cups later I had this all
cleaned out in my back caddy silly
string I'm sprayed all over him
see that right there that's what happens
when you work hard all day and night
that's the sleep of success I'm sorry
really I choose you do you see that's my
blanket Brown calm is a bitch like doing
this prank and it's like it's like a
prank on us because he just sprained his
blanket and then I'm probably you have
to clean all this up in English
I'm only making you do is like if you
chocolate getting black you can get up
like a bug no one really could do it to
kill somebody if you didn't lose the
fucking shit what do you think man oh
he's move out of her just really
stinking drunk yelling at you the real
prank for Volterra huh he's like that oh
fuck it I'm sorry Jenny someone tweeted
me told me to do this you oh it's a shit
it's a way to do it so Australia honey
please
all you nasty heal up what up yo geez
you laughing what
the second restaurant yeah we did
we've got the back over oh quit by I in
a skater you know the easiest boxes
thank you so charging have any knocking
down okay
what a freaking load what the heck
okay do me gang I tried my best I hope
you guys enjoyed this video if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey do not try that home especially
got parents around because get your butt
but whoops I'm so scared right now
because now I just be on the lookout I'm
two weeks
I'm staying two weeks here with James
and James is crazy
he's a crazy and he's Australian so he
might do something really really insane
I'm scared so tweet James tweet and say
do not get Adam back they say don't get
Adam back your freedom
this is Twitter tell them did I get Adam
back please don't do the opposite though
tell them get Adam back tell them don't
get Adam back ok because I don't want to
I'm scared you crazy he does crazy stuff
I don't want to bug that violating so
yeah other than that thumbs up and she
tried out to James and starts waking you
up I love you and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care baby leaving we want to be I
know your father will be proud of who
you gonna be
don't let anybody tell you what you
wanna be Oh baby you can have anything
you want
