hey guys what stop it do me yeah I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day this is Adam Saleh
and this week is prank week first of all
I just want to say thank you guys so
much for your praise for my mom I
appreciate it so so much so thank you
guys from the bottom of my heart it
really means a lot to me but today I got
you guys an insane prank and my victims
are German and hams it today they are
coming over my house in a few hours I'm
going to go out we're going to go see
bottle knob and I'm going to bring a
huge huge teddy bear and I'll let you
guys know why in a few so I hope you all
already thumbs up and let's get this
prank started thumbs up for prank week
I'll see you guys in the next shot do me
gang and not Vivi is leaving New York
City so I'm here to tell peace out
I'll miss you so much the next time I
see you is about five days it's about
five days he's coming back to New York
City I will miss you so so much
it says you've been traveling so much
but I'm taking a taxi to go to a
different country now have a safe flight
and I'm going to see you I'm seeing like
I might see you guys in about my husband
said Mohamed okay let's go there
how do you find I'm getting it awesome
oh wow for me like a girlfriend mami
samba yeah you guys are suffocating my
beer so you know I love it when you get
home and it's always there in soldiers
Ignis they murdered my hair do me gang I
just bought this crazy beer it's so big
it's so heavy but I want to get to prank
done gonna be so funny I cannot wait I
also bought this bag of farts I don't
know why this old bag of farts but I'm
going to try it out any texting oh stop
me man this is like carrying someone who
like passed up oh how am I going to fit
this inside hi guys
Oh
oh can I go to the prop
I can't believe how big this bear is
look if it's not attacking I'm headed
back home now you don't see how it goes
I made at home with Teddy where I've
made it I made it
dumi yang I'm finally here with my six
foot teddy bear so my older brother Abe
wants to go pick up Hamza and Jay man
for my cousin's house he's going to
bring them to my house and when it comes
to my house I'm gonna get my dad to open
the door for them whenever they come to
my house they're always playing video
games in the living room so I'm going to
find a way to stuff out this teddy bear
oh my god this teddy bear right here and
I'm going to replace them with myself
and I'm going to put it back right there
so when they're here playing video games
they're going to see this teddy bear
moving around I just need to find a way
to put myself in here a little zipper
here I can't fit in this it's like
literally man I think I have to stab
this teddy bear here it goes I feel so
bad for this teddy I don't know how much
to take out I'm going to take out as
much as I can
I think I'm ready to go I'll put a
little bit of crying in there because I
need to stay comfortable when I'm in
there so let's let's try it out
yo this thing is so heavy can you do
open don't you knock a little good yeah
oh yes
whoa laughs all right stop you good Adam
hey guys I remember without the focus
about it oh you know didn't happen uh
production-wise
I just don't wanna do ever sexy - that's
good the photo life but hopefully
personalized you know what's at the
bottom
Hey well catch me
okay what this is a real intrepid the
smoothing open a little more a move with
the move like first of all of it
what one this what I do know oh
absolutely
nobody caddy forgiving mommy today
so what ready than you wanted me pose
oh I'm leaving
sorry you look here that his woman come
on up no I'm fine how Anton talk to me
really nigga talk to me Frank stop
ha ha different yeah so give that aren't
you what's up yeah yeah yeah yeah but I
pushed you look like the little one
don't you think
how about the good guys are good Afflalo
cause you guys
recorder you huh I'm gonna get at the
back watch oh yeah you have brutally or
not oh do we get here yeah Webster I
swear I don't give it that small cutting
I'm not even joking I swallow conga
given how do you know are you guys this
is so funny this is the hardest tank of
my life guys guys thumbs up if you think
I should do this very much yes you do
Rima yeah Emma's a dummy gang I hope you
guys enjoy this video if you did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey it is prank week to make sure I
was give it a thumbs up and retweet or
like any of my tweets that I'm gonna be
following in Vietnam I usually I'm
interviewing him soon and it reads
agrees to shout out thank you so much to
my dad Bob Oh Tom thank you so much to
my dad would help me out man here he
roots over the river but he made a good
I was waiting from so many times for
like leave so I hear his nose that I
hear the washing like the sink I am
walking foot I like he needs to leave he
needs to be somewhere if you have to
clean the house not ok I'm gonna do I
gotcha I'm sexy oh man I'm gonna see you
guys tomorrow yeah I love you I love you
you already look like a teddy bear
shut up baby no you want to be
I know your father will be part of your
fantasy so don't let anybody tell you
what you wanna be Oh baby you can have
anything you want some name
