hey guys what's up a do me gang I hope
y'all having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day I am back here in New York
City but I'm only back here for less
than 24 hours I had an option to go to
London through the work that I was doing
the London for two weeks and come back
or to come to New York City for less
than 24 hours and I decided to do that
so I can make this video so as you guys
know a couple days ago I announced that
I'm getting married this summer and I
got a lot of positive feedback but from
one person which was my ex she texted me
she pretty much dis me out and this
isn't the first time she dissed me out
this is just the first time I'm telling
you guys that she dissed me out so
before I start anything I'm going to
give you guys a little summary of me and
her we were together years ago and we
were only together for for a couple
months and the reason why we don't speak
anymore
because she pretty much cheated on me I
caught her cheating I said in a vlog a
couple maybe a couple weeks ago I didn't
want to get into all that caught her was
another guy her mom literally hated me
because she thought I was like this
ghetto guy and like I don't know because
I always hang out and like the hood so
she hated that so her mom already hated
me and with her I mean she loved me yes
but she hated me after like the break-up
which was even my fault and average
since we broke up
she's been always trying to hit me up
always trying to get back with me stuff
and I'm gonna be honest I always always
ignore it and I don't even reply to the
text but after I made my announcement
saying I'm getting married she texted me
and it kind of got to me she texted me
saying this lmao whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa I know you'd get married to
your cousin which is not sure I'm not
getting married to my cousin that's what
happens when you don't reply to me you
just lost a diamond oh well your loss
good luck with your cousin lasting emoji
it is so sick in the head or something
like she just said I lost a diamond the
diamond isn't someone that sheets a
diamond to someone who's faithful is
someone who's loyal so I ended up
blocking around tryna ignore a blocker
but she ended up texting me with a
different number I'm guessing it's their
mom's number saying have a good life
with your cousin effort and to be honest
this got me there's got me really sad
like I don't want to diss their and less
like this is like I don't want to diss
certain us like that I'm just gonna I
don't know I'm just gonna do a regular I
just wrote a regular literally a regular
normal normal rap because even though
she dissed me out she violated me and
she's trying to like you know rub it in
my face I'm just gonna I'm doing a
regular rap because you know we had we
did have some good memories some good
old days so this is this is dedicated to
her it took me around 10 minutes to
write this I'm gonna spit a verse for
her on the beat liar liar
blammo stack okay uh-huh
this rap is dedicated to a liar and a
cheater liar
okay yo I used to have a wife feast life
was going good her mama didn't like me
because I'm from the hood doesn't mean
I'm ghetto I'm just misunderstood found
out she doesn't love me the way that she
should but every evening she goes out
creepin all night while I'm at home
sleeping
she thinks I'm dumb but I saw the meat
and I pulled up in the car but beefing I
remember when I met her I was like Hello
she made me go weak in the knees like
jello she said the way you speak it's
old and ghetto she sets a homie tight
and don't let go
the worst part is I know that she's
lying sitting in a room pretending that
she's crying
I can't take this anymore man I'm not
fighting you got caught red-handed
don't try it I can't do this I can't do
this to do anything I just I just feel
bad I don't know I don't have to survive
so much this is why I just I want easy
on this I just wrote this literally took
me like 10 15 minutes to write this and
I just wanted to go easy so I'm I'm done
I'm not I'm not gonna I'm not gonna do
anything I'm not I'll see you guys
you must be crazy girl you ain't miss me
at once
you wanna kiss me out twice you won't
even fit me out three times
you miss me out multiple time so girl
you mean the wrong decision
be prepared savage Adam and sadist Adam
family it's coming for you I'll see you
in the next shot at dumaguete you guys
are about to watch and listen to the
official diss track of my ex I did not
let your mouth do it because Jamal he's
like the king master are we going back
every day can I ask you I guess ain't
you rock me last a petition way so I'll
let Rima do it because Reema's going to
handle my work smoothly so before I show
you guys I want to bring you guys out to
man the king the roastmaster come
through mail is up oh man Jim Elliot let
me girl I hided a lot of you knock her
out
so you're gonna go too hard on all right
I mean everyone do it she's gonna handle
it - man was banging me literally
begging me for him to do it but I'm like
you know I remember you not see girl a
softy no well that good she got it read
my Gladys right there okay everybody
ready yes but but no one messes messes
with Adam no unless let me you thought
you la oh my god via XML hello hello cuz
but cannot go by Exponential's we look
at his little dude
choose a girl REE mother girl like in a
handle okay she gonna handle my storm on
it gosh the dudes crazy which ex
Robinette Yasmin
which one around Grigio whatever what
you just talked about that yourself how
many X's you have if I have like a Texas
actual yeah to to to 235,000 okay how do
you just
I'm the doggone just another mom he's a
good boy but he's gonna take it easy
Jomon still knows his rap lyrics so you
can actually perform it live you ever on
a show right let me can do it if you do
it live in Outlook ready set go
hey yo check it so I went to a roast
everybody shot I me friend
you think you're the best but now you
know what I'm gonna watch the match or
the wrong person to go out it oh this
rocket baby is a cannot sell I don't
want to feel like I beat you in rotary
and I'll beat you in a fight
baby in your hand like you're really not
but I know when I hear my name
you'll get it social corny if he makes
you look like a skeleton man you sound
like a robot
hey I wrote that on me welcome in
darkness dr. young sweet me you wanted
an amazing set I always liked a girl
looks like the classic accolade it looks
like a monkey makes the alligator gun
I'm always going up like an elevator
dungeon either okay I ain't y'all make
me laugh in the chicken wrap like
Nursery Rhymes I don't have time you
doctors look at a lot of minute like
what are you going babysit putting on
have never given up oh my god oh oh my
god yo never happened you would Kate no
no too hot you not got me here you have
to perform beside he has the performance
I was in New York City show New York
City won us a tour I'm plugging in it a
good way to promote in this video in the
district come through Boise - man
perform in NYC that was it that was a
drink moment right there I got a rimas
ready to handle a thumbs up Rima thumbs
up rhemas first ever did shock and she
handling
rounding down the turn if you go up
you'll fight tonight and my sister
really sweet Yolo we are wish and always
remember I'm the queen
you're just mad because I would
oh my gosh oMG oh god I don't know what
say all of us say I hope you enjoyed
this video give it a thumbs up that was
insane that was insane um yeah as long
as the end of the day I'm uh yeah don't
don't let status on me because then I'm
done what this is I appreciate
everything when you guys thank you guys
so much thank you do me gang for
literally being so amazing I hope you
guys enjoy the video it was really hard
to make it a thumbs up and sometimes I
cover now thinking I love you I love you
I love you to me I said please heard the
man
he doesn't Roger oh yeah
lovely you didn't say hard to the rug ah
you've been on your iPad of the whole
time just watching us
yeah you outside freak so baby please be
who you want to be I know your father
will be part of it
gonna be the only anybody tell you what
you wanna be oh baby you're gonna have
to anything you want some meat
