like marinated in me
hey guys what's up resuming yawning I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I
found having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy day
I'm still here in Kentucky this is my
last day of filming the first phase of
this movie that I'm going to be in it's
so exciting and it's so much fun and
it's a crazy crazy experience but the
only thing is I grew a pimple right
I've always grow like a pimple at the
wrong time like I always have bad luck
ever since I was young ground withdrawal
pimples only like I'm pictured in all of
doing something special on a graduation
so today I grew a pimple right here on
the last day of filming going to give me
a really really interesting because I'm
heading to a trump rally a lot of you
guys yesterday told me to upload the
diss track or a little rap on my ex I
know a lot of guys so I'm going to but
I've decided I'm going to say that when
I'm home because I need some backup for
that I need some a piece of Adams family
backup to help me out so today I will
show you guys the vlog footage that I'm
logged while I was in this shrimp i'ma
show you guys that first then I'm gonna
come back here and I'm I head to the
Trump rally and I'ma show you guys my
experience and my first time at the
Trump rally so enjoyed this vlog footage
of a couple days ago and I'm gonna come
back and we're going to head to the show
probably I'll see you guys in the next
I'll enjoy that a little mini black all
right guys one is downtown side of
Vidalia this is the Times Square of
idyllic town square
I agree yeah yeah we're heading to go
eat at the restaurant but Eli come on
can you go something happen here this is
crazy Lisa what do you think happen your
hoodies UWA they had a rat
ha ha ha I was angry that their dish was
undercooked and they just messed up wow
that's crazy
this is actually like you know so you
know the big thing was reclaimed wood
for a while yeah
right now it's utter destruction and
it's probably the biggest how are the
biggest restaurant here it has food is
not like not one where it's like
destructive and I'm going to see how the
food is and that's what I'm gonna get
ready to film enough you guys in the
next shop now awkward mobile that when
your food comes before everyone and you
have to stand there we'd always judge a
person if they keep first of they wait
for us uh-huh are you gonna wait for us
are you need for are you hi guys we got
our food player and how was your food it
were my third
I think my max wine color key hahaha
so how was it before in our food comes
out you know he was losing years like a
we are before online friend is tagged to
people I was a insecure Holly we gotta
go
let me change our this crazy I know this
is weird
I've always wanted to do this lay down
time I've always all oh no there's more
to live for finish it I've always wanted
a good I just lean up while you live
well assuming I'm at this mexican shop
this is like the first thing of color
happy in Vidalia Georgia so cool again
pinata over here they're morphing others
with a big soccer trophy like this and
how big this thing is more trophies look
at this someone's Ronaldo out here Maxim
someone made this out of yarn that zebra
head you're not in it yeah there's like
you not in there not again oh hi guys
this is day three and we're heading to
Louisville Kentucky but before we go
there one to this flower shop and I
found I found
Teddy's long-lost wife and kids look at
this sir sir
Teddy's long-lost wife and kids oh these
are my favorite flowers look at this
look at these mark everyone says my
favorite color
Wow look at this flower flowers well
definitely Sharla
when I have my new house real soon I'm
going to get so much flowers like these
and I come up to them but
like I love their me I'll keep you
laptop
Oh
I am back I'm ready to get ready and I'm
ready to get ready and I gotta be ready
you got to be ready to get ready I'm
heading to the Trump rally right now I'm
kind of imma be honest I'm kind of I'm
kind of scared at some point because I
don't know I just feel like Trump
supporters like it means so so much but
yeah I'm going to be on before
I'll show you guys like this whole
experience that I'm going to go through
right now we're going to where I'm going
to be wearing a make America Trump hat
just like how I was wearing a trump hat
in the other Trump video that I did last
year it's part of the movie so me
wearing the Hat has nothing doesn't mean
I support Donald Trump or anything but
I'm just wanting to have for the movie
and at the same time I want to be safe I
don't want to go with my cause chaos and
like that to be honest I'm here to this
create peace and to spread smiles I
don't want to I don't want to just make
Wars I'm going to spread love and spread
peace so hopefully it turns out well and
I'm still kind of nervous going but
let's see let's see let's see how it
goes to the Trump rally I've no culotte
and I never do it in million years I
would be going to a trump rally in
Kentucky like that's something I would
only see on the news on be like whoa I'm
never going but maybe you have to go and
experience and to see how it really is
just like how people you know like bad
at you know look at what something like
oh my god look at the medium you have to
go and experience it see how it is so I
could say we do that so I'm going to go
to the Trump rally and see if you have
it so let's let's go with us doing here
behind us
I don't excite over there yes yes
excited
yeah maybe grilling frightening
what does Oh probably right now and
everything's going well so many people
know many people have to go in and yeah
I'll go we're being interviewed by a new
shop are taking over now everyone is
having fun - just like how's it going
y'all good I'm filming you filming me
yeah how's it going so far
awesome they're like you don't know it
man it's really interesting like I know
it's like it's weird like you don't
really we're about on the run a bunch of
Biggie they're all really nice I know
yeah it may become hot but this will
really nothing I met a lot of fans I
mean how many friends are moving here
right yeah how are they no creepy
I met fans out of trump man Wow all
right as though even if like I just
agree on whatever I don't suppose I feel
so cool have a nice connection they're
nice and you want to have that good
connection and experiences got a comic
series or so hope you like no you have
no job I feel I've been here order to
see how it is don't only see it on the
news and I've read late times that
people with it's almost like a lot of
good people here know when I saw going
to be on for did I do that
ask them
dumi yang we're finally done filming
everything for the movie out here now
we're going in so we're not allowed to
movie camera inside I'm going to take
this camera inside yeah what do you say
when someone sneezes oh no I just added
in my head that's pendulum Honda yeah
nobody they can call Conda I'm gonna go
ahead now what do you say before you uh
I know this one
this is hey hey Mahmoud here we know the
counties that we can't go oh my god oh
goody bro I got your cameraman you oh
man we go down we took a loop in it
we drowned really are you becoming a CC
truck yeah they're pretty right presume
we reckon yeah but you know I got
another capacity pull
oh why going yeah sucks man it sucks
yeah what's it going you guys gonna give
it one of you guys named ezel ezel know
something I keep smelling my finger no I
got some hangout to home using to
Muhammad right I met Mohamed and
Mohammad Hamid two hours ahead right
yeah and then thing is so I'm wearing
two Sena all the processes are coming
through now so I'm probably gonna get
violated infused but is right which they
gonna walk when I was hanging up as a
mess and all the other plumbers I even
in Utah
dumi getting I'm back at my hotel and
I'm done with everything I'm done with
the first thing of this whole movie and
it was literally amazing thank you huge
shout out to kindness films.org and the
whole team ingrid tarik forest fraser
and the homie joe thank you guys so so
much for making this an amazing trip
today after at the Trump rally it was
literally it was literally like I'm not
shocking free because I met a lot of
fans who are just like they were just
really interesting like I might have a
girl she was such a big fan she was like
I'll watch my videos I'll sew a teddy
bear prank
I love Rima so the killer car prank and
she was like she was so innocent this is
a picture of her but like she was she
had no clue about like the dramatic life
that I have how like how how many hate I
get she just loved how like the video
was made her smile I've seen heard that
like her that gave me so much respect
because like I mean hey I mean it's not
a smile so it meant it meant a lot to me
how we know she seemed beyond the hate
or whatever as she just you know that
she saw the videos that made her smile I
met so many other people who were just
really really cool and it was just it
was just a cool experience like you know
it was really good to to see it from
that side it was not expected it to be
crazy before but wasn't that crazy loses
loses chill you obviously get that on 1
or 2 but it was it was chill yeah I'm
heading back to New York City tomorrow
finally I'm heading back to New York
City tomorrow bye only there for like 24
hours in the air city so I'm going to go
see my family and then after that I'm
heading to London so I'll see you guys
tomorrow and join me again if you guys
enjoyed this vlog make sure you give it
a thumbs up and go turkey thumbs up a
doobie gang for finishing the first
phase of this movie and I can't wait
till you guys see it it's like much much
more footage of everything the movie
that we've gotten Charlie's crazy and
same footage it's really amazing and I
can with you guys to see the master
final the final masterpiece so I'll see
you guys tomorrow to me I take care I
like so baby please baby we wanted
I know your father will be proud of who
you're gonna be
don't let anybody tell you what you
wanna be Oh baby just gonna have
anything
