are you ready muffin I can't hear you oh
hey guys what's up a new me and I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing so amazing day you
all should be having an amazing happy
hey why are you so cute
why are you so what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna bring you to us oh yes this dude
wants me to break his tooth again but
you know what I'm gonna do this time he
doesn't he doesn't understand what I'm
saying but I had this little thing in my
hand which looks kind of looks like a
real tooth I'm not gonna show you guys
now I'm going to show you guys after he
shed each other peek i'ma show you guys
after I take his tooth out and how I see
what he does it remember because these
Oh what like a buggy tooth yeah I broke
it he was looking to be headed it hit
the earth he didn't want me to do his
own work if you think I broke it
it hit like is it let me just because he
has a bogus tooth it do me gank there's
a couple hours until the big big
announcement that i'ma tell you guys
also I want to show you guys something
really really funny someone tweeted me a
picture of a girl that looks exactly
like Haley but someone tweeted me that
picture and I tweeted it yesterday
saying like what the heck does girl
looks exactly like my knees Halon so the
picture is right outside of show you
guys on the block picture is right here
you guys let me know in the comments
below
does she look like Haley or does she not
I think she looks exactly like Haley
like they look identical some people
actually thought I was joking and that
was really highly with blonde hair but
it's not it's actually someone else
which is really creepy that's like her
identical twin what that mother why do
you go when I say be spicier oh oh you
do me anchor announcement that I'm doing
on Twitter look like it's not me it's
floating if the minute video on Twitter
I
like tweet at three o'clock now with 301
and it's still loading you can see it
right there so it's not me press three I
press it at three o'clock
I'm just waiting till it finishes
loading come on come on colada so
excited it's still going now 302 I'm two
minutes late it's a lot of it's up it's
up to our habits oh I love you so much
no big enough I'm going to be in a movie
fuck yeah thank you so much I appreciate
it yes yeah hey guys we're doing a live
stream right now
Instagram life giving you got more info
and so whatever you want it say anything
come on man you're not Vivi taking it
easy what's not missing here ma but I
was good
Mia Naza Shake Shack waiting to get our
burgers waiting for this to vibrate it's
an amazing amazing day not so happy to
go I'm so happy like I'm gonna really
really happy move
we don't know today made a big
announcement why would you like a banana
have a warm on so long and warm like I'm
so close to home to Angelica yeah Pamela
so my freaking uh the banana one right
me so he use half my cold book he goes
to my room thinking it's like Macy's or
Harris and he takes myself indigo dye
home we just met up with the homie sad
organs on the edge of it you know it's
funny I was thinking the funniest thing
ever right so they keep ordered and uber
right and it's uber drivers name what's
this is super delicious also the picture
is so Pedro piece of paper that screen
as well right now where it's all showing
nods around it's close what is beautiful
man like so when I just not only like
that was real nice then we're gonna go
start a fetus or oh okay okay okay messy
okay
now he's gonna get scible attitude okay
oh these are one of the comfiest
knickers ever by a really ultra booth
man the sole company
okay so now if you're going to try and
ultimately become a coach who at the
logs actually went the woman section
earlier no subway collision the best one
not one like one is what I play one all
right
I think it's dirty to read well with it
you get a black male let's take a look
at this
the couple would you need to come people
are so wavy like how the dosa shit then
you conjure where you go never come to
New York City you want to take a dope
Instagram picture right here apply it
this will be the dopest Instagram pic if
I say how long is taking this
infographic follow shut up it on the on
my Miami brother man is what I am you
probably don't say that I am a babe I
cannot think about here my conference I
do face
yeah what else know what is image Oh
ya know I just went to the window
yo just go buddy yeah come on up
yo I want to say if we're gonna climb
you don't believe me awesome humanely
macabre give me the technical ability
yellow and easy
yes going across what's our on and
multiple uses you wanna use come around
I gotta go me the vlog demand is Right
game over guys homie Duke or I hear the
350 oh we all started you want our thing
and this is your baby
haha let me open it see the correct way
I can open it like this you can rip the
power now you just met open the whole
spawn you got slim habit I came down VP
what the key right here look at this
look at this it's quad quad it goes like
this
hey get off in slow motion walk around
Olly whoa what's up music thing how much
is it 5 any chance on me 585 dollars of
crazy a toast
pleases almost every single Jordan
Jordan litter matter that down yes I was
like why would I leave the g1 any Boise
I needa think that I got those was like
a DZ
mm sonic had a little surprise but a
couple days with these V's right here so
I told you guys connect now so and it's
already bad haven't picked it up I've
already been happy couple days ago my
hat one spot just enough I'm going to go
to our house and few days someone
drinking pal 30 grand I think
Wow yeah which ones as well I didn't
know what your nose you know we don't
know we're not learning for 30 grand one
is it go before you get bloop it up and
both in my movie yeah hi guys butters
you guys remember milkshake powers and
he's so high so high because leave this
raises this is insane I guys go through
this one little shake booty temples on
our heart mine
oh my god also got the M&M gone right
here we are all the reasons later got
ID'd Rick do me I just got home and
muffin is still up it's literally late
it's almost midnight now I'm gonna show
you guys some more information on the
announcement that I have today and some
more updates on everything the DNA test
let me give you guys the first update
with DNA test this is all day that I got
I got an email about it it's right here
guys my DNA test is finally coming this
is gonna be so interesting because I
want to know what other countries I'm
from and I want to show off like I want
to show off other countries I'm from
some really curious to know but just to
let you know it's coming really soon
just be a little patient like maybe a
week or two give me like a week or two
and hopefully they send it and I'll keep
you guys updated with that and if you
guys are wondering why must it always
where it says this thing over his pants
because sometimes he takes off his pants
to me stunts like walking around like
half naked and goes crazy let me tell
you got some more information on the
movie that I'm going to be in so if you
guys do not know I am going to be in a
movie this movie is not an acting movie
or not like a movie something like fast
and furious or like a comedy movie it's
the real like it's a real legit movie
whatever happens happens basically I'm
going to go around to places where like
it's ranked the most racist I'm sorry
about must about the hood he's chilling
tomorrow he always chosen are on my
night I'm going to be going to areas
where it's like the most racist areas
where people who are afraid of like
Muslims and stuff and I'm going to find
someone who's really like afraid of
Muslims tell them come with me to a
Muslim country will offering guys a free
trip to Egypt come with me and we're
going to film the whole
and the reason why I agreed to be doing
this because it's like a genius idea
this can make this group create like you
know peace is a positive idea that show
the side of Muslims you know where it's
an amazing positive side this is
something that I wanted to do I want to
play a terrorist role I don't want to
play a role where it's like dumb or
something like that this is something
really dope really meaningful and it
means a lot to me and it's a movie this
is huge so if it goes like correctly and
it goes right the way it does it's going
to go insane so that's one say thank you
guys sort of real ones who always show
me so much love so much support you guys
do not know how big and how how much
does me see man like this is this is
insane this is something I've always
wanted to do maybe making my asthma
something man thank you this is gonna be
really exciting really dope I'm going to
take you guys on this journey with me
it's going to take a couple months to do
it and as I do daily vlogs I would take
you guys with me every single day
especially with the books with the the
book that I'm writing with the with the
movie that I'm doing and with something
else that I'm going to be doing I'm
going to take you guys with me every
single day really hope you guys are
excited as I am to be doing this movie
the book and something else and I just
cannot wait to the out like right now I
keep talking about it's killing us out
you guys can enjoy it you guys going to
love it and yeah all I can say is thank
you guys I can't think you guys enough
you guys are the reason why I made it
happen you guys sometime treating me 10
rubs you're doing all this work with it
but still you guys are the reason why I
do all this hard work my family is the
reason why I'm doing all this hard work
so thank you guys so so much and that's
pretty much that's pretty much it you
guys also I'm having no camera that I
use like a Sony camera add three cameras
Sony a g7 X and a Canon a DD so I'm
trying to sell this to the no one let me
know if you guys like it I don't really
like it to be honest but just try and us
if you guys like it but anyways I'm
gonna end up like here but let's look se
llaman lens it okay do me a it's time to
wrap up this vlog if you guys enjoyed
this vlog make sure you give it up it's
crazy how you know at the age of two I'm
gonna do what you guys do in the
comments you guys are always like leave
a like if you love Adam leave a like if
you love muscle guys thumbs up if you
love Lawson
say thumbs up thumbs up I don't know so
you got tomorrow to me I take care and
peace I'll owe you
yeah buddy I love you I love you Ricky I
love you hotshots imagine it helped
first of the time it's ours
gonna be all right so baby please be who
you want to be I know your father will
be thought over you're gonna see
don't let anybody tell you what you
wanna be Oh baby
