like you're like hey guys what's up
resuming Hank I hope you're having an
amazing day because we're having an
amazing day so if we're having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy yeah I love this good so
it's almost guys we mustn't always mess
around with each other and I always
pretend to like break is like toots and
he left me do it he really thinks I
break his tooth loves it
good break your teeth Wow yeah ready
ready
Wow sorry nice a movie you just let me
do I did you get up today you're - dude
I swallowed it
hey Neela you break another one what the
heck okay stony long as you get up it
look likes told you to say you never to
a big fan book right here hey folks a
boat ah
okay maybe phony all right young fellow
like me
I'm us I'm going out with his dad and
mom I'm going out to go see maps for a
big meeting and then chillin in New York
City I'll see you later okay
apiece all done I okay finalize it
zooming gang I'm taking a walk so we're
not just saying it's literally like a
couple minutes walk which is crazy I
can't believe it's in my hypo can't
believe it this is really weird to hear
from you
I'm going to go get my coffee first some
breakfast and I'm heading there for a
big big meeting my new favorite
breakfast Christoffel chrétien iced
caramel latte with order of hash I got
me my iced caramel latte and I ate my
favorite my new favorite breakfast is
the croissant toasted with cream cheese
that's my new favorite breakfast every
shred everyone may see a police officer
they like a small right there it is nice
guy oh it is going to be nice
motherfucker there hi guys we just left
the meeting it was so dope you guys are
probably watching this video right now
and already knew about like the
announcement everything so I'm going to
say it towards the end in the vlog other
than that right now me and Naz are
heading for a massage because we need a
massage when travelling so much we need
to surreal like just massage plus it's
healthy to get a massage supposedly like
you need to get like a massage every
week well that's what DJ college says
uses just like a massage every week
healthy to get a massage every week so
we're gonna get a massage that's all the
hard work Mema's have been like putting
the past like all these bigger projects
like the book and then there's something
else but don't really say they're like
and then they're like this one then
everything is blooming insane right
we're going we let you guys know already
three top secret projects now we're
doing them we're cooking them right now
and then what you're going to let it out
like it's like like bang bang bang is
going to be out so I cannot wait to us
out one by one and you guys going to be
so exciting as we can love every single
one of them yeah guys like I cracked my
phone here
damn not yo for well me you bumped it to
me
there isn't it let me do a quick link I
have a glass case on it oh you're so
lucky
oh my god I got so lucky yes Wow
no crack at all guys like literally
glasses with black crown this is why you
need a glass case now it's Christmas
process
there's essence a look at this glass
case yeah we was robbed bro so you can
follow me
hi guys me and not just got done without
my budget I like my massage not feeling
like a massage because I have no food
it's cool like it like such that my
muscles make to offer relaxed and
energized here's a sheet over me the
whole camp she named us opposed to the
sheet yeah it's so annoying but the
thing was discussing interfaith there I
got some of these album came out a
couple days ago and like I know it I
like it
what's up man I drew brother let me read
you with it
so I heard of it and like I'm American
like I hear the UK grime and I love it
so much but I'm curious to know how like
other Americans like I'm curious to know
they know of it so I'm going to see if
they know of it if they don't but let
them hear it what do you say because in
like America we rarely know about like
only like will only know much about
hobbies for me because I slowly is my
favorite UK rapper so that's pretty much
I know a lot of other but so me is my
favorite one I'm thinking maybe some of
these the biggest UK rapper in America
to have a little brain what should be so
brainless have you heard of UK rap you
don't know any UK reference
no you can have little her to store with
me stay host nothing alright so I
believe this looks like one long as you
can rap I want you to give your love all
right this guy just came out this album
Wolfgang times of prayer and Fargo speak
for your group
what do you think this is better than
expected
do you understand some worse than Amiata
system is when I favor a rapper like
temperatures helped forensic L'Amour
eyes you know anything about eukaryotic
sorry no English crap I you know you
know no rapper from like England or UK
released in two like Barbie boxes are
he has in a while before this she was
distorted to function problem I just
tell me wait think about I hand
I
shut up hi what do you think big booty
coming ready - what a nice fellow to me
even the last big head is what's the
flaw beheaded by like you can't a bit
too big here
pretty goofy laugh like ride yeah I wish
would wrap around like a you care after
that you can seem nervous
be favored love you guys all equal we
think honestly this company does
hilarious for me cuz honestly you don't
say nothing I do
what do you understand you understand
I'm a big furry boots it degrees like
like like you're getting way too big
people that you get in big head you hope
you click run
I'm done I'm done okay
look he's not you I'm not ready
let me hear you out here you go yeah
come on yeah yeah McCann is so cute no
one ever believes now yeah yeah yeah I
lived I lived near Ali lives in the
Vlado oh no him not him he's like he's
Arabic i'm from la Li la la víctima
Holly oh well he's nice buzzes eating
some jokes I three time well he's gonna
go say well okay you asked me something
on to your question Martin Connelly okay
anything you like and all on trophy you
caminetto malossi all right you really
have no value like hitting a joke is
verbally oh I mean I wanted to catch me
easy he's an Egyptian no no no no no
whatever else
um yes unit description here
not on me I love me none that they are
not yes thank you not write any
this guy buzzes his body can't believe
it
assuming a we just met it with Tommy's
plans to give it up so you'll tell
what's up man yes Lucas like that so
they've already looking fresh Rochelle
on both and got the 14 yeah that's the
first Jean no saying you gotta go the
swag chain the black teeth watch exactly
we flagged up whoa
sometimes it kill to look fly you know
let me satisfy slim yeah but what we got
some you safer huh oh yes totally mellow
yet super lucky also helping out okay
you boys need any help under that ah
take it off simply walk Oh achieving
this you already know what is what okay
do me yang is the end the vlog I hope
you all enjoyed this vlog I will not be
announcing more information on the
secret project on what I'm doing I mean
I'm going to just link you guys and the
link down below with the Twitter because
I'm releasing the vlog before the
announcement so I'm going to speak about
it more in tomorrow's vlog like a lot
more tomorrow's like and I'm also
probably going to be doing an instagram
live like an Instagram live mini vlog at
around 3:10 p.m. so $0.03 p.m. Eastern
Time I'm going to give you guys a little
more details on what's going on by 3:00
p.m. on twitter twitter squad makes you
guys have like a little twitter video
for the announcement everything is
really exciting something really dope
something unique different but also
exciting and something to bring together
it's dope it's a genius idea that's what
I think I would never get into get
involved anything as long as it's
something dope and sick and it's like
it's huge it's very very so I cannot
wait for I'm excited for I hope you guys
are ready for it to be on the journey
with me
thank you guys so much if you guys enjoy
wog me show you what it comes up and go
turkey I truly appreciate it if you guys
little gif is like a thumbs up and do
get a lot a thumbs up every single if
you guys always go to like a thumbs up
every single day and like before you
even watch it appreciate you guys need a
real MVP thank you so much
I see you tomorrow
so baby please mean we wouldn't be I
know your father will be better for your
vanity so don't let anybody tell you
what you're gonna be Oh baby just gonna
have to anything us today and I can't
replace my baby
