hey hey hey
so they can message me like right ready
muffin whoa sir go hey guys what's up
and do me yank I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so we're fine having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy there
yeah I miss doing that with you so so
much I missed it
ah shoot the spot when we homie come on
get up
the square up I'll wash you I will watch
you with soap
those are New York slings about like
fighting whenever you about to fight
someone I'm not even joking people would
say like people would say like I would
wash you with soap which means like I
would knock you out like I used to say
that when I was younger people still say
that to this day what's wrong with you
come on okay do me yang it has to be
done Mawson needs a haircut I think it's
time for him to change his hairstyle
it's just is getting too long and I feel
like he needs a little change in his
life to make himself look you know older
to make yourself look you know it's like
a different nice better Mosinee ready
he hates the barbershop I feel like he
needs to ace that look at this look at
the back he looks like he looks like a
girl he look like Rima who cut her hair
okay I'm gonna take him to the
barbershop and take you guys with me
so let's see how this goes I do not know
what kind of hairstyle I'm gonna give
him but it'll be a little surprise for
you guys with you all right guys we're
heading to the barbershop mustn has no
clue he thinks were going out to the
park to play so yay he has no clue what
I'm here to say we're going to the park
Wow no we're not going to the barbershop
ready guys when I was 5 years old I have
to walk through this block and use this
lane as a train station run Thanks
go go
ice to do that eighteen years ago
Hey
That's not me
takeover judges get up Wow take every
second of it
lastly heads up sig appreciate you so
much guys I'm gonna give one to be Molly
care for tennis it aside is more kids
want more skin invaded and your name
sighs hey listen you can look like this
giving them the senior you like it huh
glasses anything both of hearts
let me go here over how such a bad uncle
me Wow nice
and impaired loved
now you listen to the barber he doesn't
look good to me
Nathan good behaved and how do you not
listen to your uncle several emphasis
punky listen sit above huh
I love me you know you're gonna snitch
your question games they want me to cut
none of this now that have to cut it
because I don't know it's a new phase of
us right now so give me it so you don't
know how long I've been groaning yeah
Walden you really need to change it okay
music chamber you're here too
he doesn't build in the paper he loves
me so much
how do you want wave out and what
it's dumaguete I just got a haircut and
I was heading to JFK Airport to get NAS
but he got out earlier than me so I'm
going to meet him at the hotel I was
going to the airport when I was going to
see mom
I even had a sign that says roof on
which is his Bengali name a whole group
on I know it's kind of weird but you
know that I'm coming out early so I was
to go see him at his hotel right now
let's go see not easy in my city and do
be a guy will tell me ma do this what is
the directory we and was he was crazy is
he staying literally in my head like I'm
dreaming a toy so I'm inviting my whole
family to come see not even buddy comes
up haven't Mostyn real brother times
assisting over idea house nothing a
little paint clearly alone so are think
you can pilot and then I'm very must at
all coating he's gonna see the whole
island he's is my husband yeah I'm done
you got your shirt on rope was goodies
did you see what I'm doing I was doing
it was good it was the last thing so
nose hi the last healthy holiday so
don't be a bigger man yeah ladies bigger
he'd almost all her you voted last year
right yeah but look at that tummy man
that's how it was good ii vote if
something is cold yeah okay do me gang
so what you guys are about to see right
now is this guy he basically robbed like
a store a children's place the place
called Children's Place he robbed like
so many clothes and try to run away and
then the lady the worker in there I
guess she was kind of like she couldn't
I guess she couldn't like want to run or
anything so she told me not to chase the
guy and to catch him because I believe
he robbed the place and he's like a drug
addict like she said she's he's a
crackhead and she wants us to catch him
so we go and we catch him and then after
that like we get to the floor and we
didn't know what to do like from there
because we didn't know she is like the
store wanted us to like call the police
on
they're like I don't know we didn't know
so we asked her what does she want and
then they ended up telling us to just
let him go
but it was crazy so crazy seeing it I
felt really bad because someone that
steals a clothe maybe like they needed
like something like I know I sound like
it's not right to steal by same time you
never know their full story but this is
all the footage of everything enjoy I
know the craziest things always happen
to me I live in New York City I'm 23
years old I live in New York City and
their city's just a crazy crazy city so
I guess enjoy the video phone ringing um
come closer
oh come on all right okay no I'm going
home Tsubaki hey hey hey
he's a thief you do this grab grab now
go go
you
i'ma call the police holy fuck what a
police like that okay well New York City
five minutes the New York City Plaza
phenomen right now time to go here but
I'll give you 20 what the fuck
yeah only in New York City smells you
good ever you sure however he didn't a
medic a method for yesterday Kiera
Thursday and so they recall him on
camera but the thing is he already had
like gets enough damn so he sold the
point yeah he came yesterday what he
does it cross in yeah see ya seen it he
got a new clothes like a good like
positive is thank you thank you I
appreciate yourself thank you guys thank
you
five minutes Georgia we see already a
crime happening you do it was crazy the
do the crazy it was a traffic yeah
Gretchen that's the kind of man I was
going to offer him money after like
something like all that well handle just
dipping omens you I had my car that dude
is crazy man welcome to my home what
confident even welcome to my three
months of man let's go come up as a
fainting shit I'm done Brooklyn I'm
freaking done man
yo say seems like guys watching bro not
going to do that like I rather him going
around asking for money I was literally
going to give him like forty sixty
dollars if some because I felt really
bad but then like I don't know they're
like he ended up running away so I feel
really bad for not Stu cuz not stick out
his energy he took out his he's jet lag
and everything but also three boxes that
guy because what someone steals
something like that
it's just like it's sad man it's really
really sad so like I mean don't do it
man like do something nice and sweet ask
someone so hopefully I don't know
because last time I'll give someone feel
like a bottle of water and I end up
feeling bad I'll just give them like
money like man don't steal out of like
that so I don't know times are tough man
but anyways now it's finally about the
meat mustard for the first time you
never member sighing no no he's about to
be must over the first hour out of
breath and robots to be slim slim just
called me saying he sees everything that
happened in the taxi so they write their
articles porn hub or because I'm over
I'm the cop over hey now the veggie
monster net sickos not I think it was
that you lose that haha what have you
got here who's that mother it's so cute
I got her Dean looks like neo not a
Muslim a colossus nothing fine yeah well
it'll go fine yeah mother get out of
here
yeah oh let's go uppercut uppercut do
what I told you so I'm sorry yeah my
interface yeah yeah yeah hi guys right
now we're gonna go get some fell out
guys I have it Ian hell I got so long
Clavin Commission right here when you're
like oh I like shoes son you have to yak
in it if you be the shit out shootin
they'd sit like it's doing it oh yeah
but come on if someone asks you what
size you wear to show them that you're
tough you have to be like yo side
because that shows like you know like
like come Rodney I wear the same size as
you if you answer like wrong way size
eight and a half it's just like you're
just like a punk you gotta say yo size
so what size you wear none
all over a word buy an ounce of
happiness cuz I know I do
yes if I'm spun up yes here you go
quite a big hit inside of last Lucy
syphilis now how can I have one
Lysol going on the roof
guys muslin is so bad imma show you guys
the difference between look how babies
but you guys different American parents
and our parents right this is American
here
hey I don't like this big like this you
know what's not right see that okay I
feel is like was being sent out in the
enthusiastic okay now I will give me a
hug
good job we are high whatever when I was
a kid advice this is what our parents
I'm a total you may fail you hey buddy
jamika hi guys early in the vlog there
was this guy and we caught who robbed
from something like that
what's the
only in there exist so when he across
the street he touched the car and that
car what slim uber like out of all the
cars and when I slim poober which is
insane I'll have some crazy sort of on
your just run across some shit we ran
and I clogged the house I turn right and
I'm on that oughta saw out of a
knowledge yeah what is there so out of
all the cars I went on schooling right
open
that's crazy Mama's on square squares
every model City my city it's looking
real pretty
it's like you're real pretty real real
pretty what is this is something new
what is this course we do we have the
origin artistic I reckon Philippines
60,000 for Bao's El Salvador Trinidad I
don't know what the fuck in China
we'll deal with it then you know what
this is
snuff they just looking at it you know
what is me to pat know cuz I got found
together later Yemen but look I found
yet me coming right up for the Geico
Milan fine Yellin yeah yo that mi name
what was it for I want to know what the
numbers before I was homeless but it had
to be here yes Yemen is our last
operation the Islamist how so Yemen is
always left out so meets the rules are
forgiven in the map regulations huge why
would I know what the person on ha I'm
thinking breast cancer I saw like
anything it's about cooler like the
Yemen is on the middle of Times Square
the population is the heart right in New
York City yeah and what is the
population of the heart on as dope let's
take the shape of a heart and then the
shows to do this in people's nationality
see another is only about 5,000 belief a
packet I got 47 thousand how many
iminium has given has 12,000 Yemen only
has 12,000 Bangladesh has 80 mm I guess
without 352 cousin others here I guess
living in you some a so no more so which
are two weevils
guys the most I believe is a lot of
Dominican he was shot a semi it really
gives out fairly 129,000 then he adds
another 140 1001 dominicanos not getting
a
right now get out of graffiti that does
not even gonna look really dumb
well while aiding the flower hops in the
neighborhood Lysenko away no should
conditioned woman good luck that you can
find a shine London thank you thank you
come again this is the dusty miracle
London we go to keep someone minute
people of trying to give them a New York
vibe
wow this is dope man thank you so much
man I appreciate it man you're the man
bro
thank you well I did say I should wear
it boom whoo killer here
oh hi guys I'm home right now muffins
like his fresh-cut hay like you right he
liked it do you love me now see he loves
me to begin he hated me and now he loves
me so my cat my room guy this is Laurel
yesterday was spotless clean and I feed
all you guys commenting like saying like
oh my god
Adams room was so clean and now that's
because I was in here now it's like yeah
yeah I'm not even I'm not even gonna say
anything but I'm gonna tell you has a
funny story that I've said on Instagram
lives for like the three minute
Instagram life that I did so today while
I was looking Mawson I was walking with
him and I was holding his hand littles
walking and it was Lady in front of us
she was wearing a hijab and then she was
in front of us so we could only see her
back
so marcin thought that was his mom so he
lets go of me he runs and hugs the lady
like on her leg and then she turns
around she looks down mocks and she
looks at me she's like I'm like oh my
god like what did this dude just do it
like I would look like a creep like if
she's like I'm scared she would have
thought like I'm using you know this
baby to channel I hit on her but then
she turned around luckily she knew me
from YouTube and then she knew Muhsin so
I guess it made her day I don't know but
it was really awkward and really like
this is a really awkward situation but
it's all good guys let me know in the
comments below what you guys think about
his haircut is it nice hi guys I'm and a
vlog here so I hope you guys enjoyed
this like he did make sure you give it a
you really know who's he already knows
guys thumbs up if you guys love long
blog thumbs up thumbs up and do me gang
go Turkey I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace are you putting your
foot I love you don't baby please be who
you want to be I know your father will
be part of
Hanabi don't let anybody tell you what
you counted be Oh baby you can have
anything you want to me
