question baby how do you assume you've
read about the closet about the climb
you miss me hey guys what's up a doobie
gang I hope you are having an amazing
day because I'm having it amazing it's
so fun having in a business you all
should be having an amazing happy day it
is freezing out here in London we're
heading back to New York City after a
whole freaking like month I've been away
since like January 20 something only
went back to New York like literally
like a dare to miss home so much good
job slim you're not to push it I miss
Boston so much I miss Dina I must have
the figure of a service hated I'm gonna
say yeah I miss everyone the whole
family little and miss them so so much
mercy little munchkin muffin
I can't wait you and I can't for you
guys to see him have a seven hour flight
looking for Remo right now and my
brother nods comes with a bike for us
but he's coming to New York City
tomorrow
so that was ice he's coming to Newark
City tomorrow because we're working on
something else would be good if I was
leaving Rizzo in one week I don't
what's everyone here he's staying in UK
right yeah yes you are
we hear tell your boss I want to send me
cake and I'm holding these Ivan told me
we can stay remain anything in the UK
it's a warm you're staying here
how much do you miss muffin hey how much
is a lot
Wow you know when you go back you know
forget you he's not going to know who
you are oh he's not going to know who
you are
now everyone knows how I feel when
around Miss Lee lost and we get a chill
just oximeter often for them especially
Oh see how much we miss uh uh I miss a
night all right
I got not came here two hours away got
to say bye to us and he's coming
tomorrow to New York City which is
insane but Reema no my son let me close
me slim the budget that we love you Dave
and I are take care what's in 20 years
okay say goodbye
give it one out yeah Sheila Davalloo
he lives a goblet she's legit what if
she literally would
dumi gang I just landed in New York City
the first thing I do is see the home we
say yeah I'm taking over uses room
what's up guys this is my new room I and
after that you me much say I've had the
weirdest stuff in at home what do you
have
alright so he has fake fifty dollar
bills yeah not like extra fake they
don't look real what else yeah boys I'm
gonna prank people with this this looks
like if we didn't Metro a car to go on
the train I know what you mean
well dude debit gives me a proper uh
okay update you talking me I can breathe
you're kidding thank God your bottom
I'll guess my sisters uh-oh
how are you gonna cook them on what do
you love school yeah what huh you guys
my cutie and fabulous you teacher yells
everyone maybe because you do something
bad
do you do something bad what do you do
this bad in the club yeah so why did you
yell out you know kids not the kids that
are bad so that means you like school
he's so bad at school guys I'm not gonna
piggyback right now come we're gonna use
that I'm gonna see what it was at you
today I'm taking it I look I'm here to
take a hot little you bring don't tell
you something bowl tell you hi guys I'm
gonna see mustn right now haven't seen
him for like a whole month so I was so
excited to even like I'm so nervous you
forgetting about let's see Mawson hey do
me gang gets almost I was what's it
what's my name Oh ha see Adam oh say I I
love I love hmm
you forgot usually here's you to say
animal inside of it one thing you forgot
Wow no you didn't say look say I owe you
I had to the missus dude so much but you
need a haircut
i'ma cut it here
wagon have you hooked
can you zoom you realize you've got the
crossing about the crime ha ha ha ha
why'd you miss me me Mikey visit
mother's hover you miss Baba yeah let me
get my bucket
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba ba-ba-ba grab who hit you
look somebody had Weston with him I
don't know he got a bruise over here
well I gotta pros huh oh wait oh is it
will say yes oh how I feel
cuz you miss movin yeah yeah you sir
I know I got to give you are you dead is
broke I'll hide it right here only uses
watching his life he's going to know
we're here at these these are under the
visor this is one of them hopefully he
doesn't watch the vlog so you won't know
where his you you are I the other put on
another one of ooh he got the fresh
black and gold Jordans right here I'm
gonna hide these I'm gonna put them
between the books right here so when you
watch this vlog you're like what the
heck I'll get one of his ultrabooks
right here I'm going to put it in
between the bus oh so now when he comes
this you can have fun users will
surprise for you hey do me gang me and
Rima are finally back home in New York
City I'm gonna interview what do you
think I'm finally me away saying hey hey
so since this was Remos like first
official tour she slides she can speak I
mean asked her about the tour how was
your experience at the tour
hein what's fun good job
what was your favorite city in the tour
like London but about Scotland thank you
what about Manchester I mean anything
okay what was your favorite part of the
show on stage when you perform
doing this play the songs nice and that
is all with Rima haha
father sorry
how do they say in school I'm sorry
yep guys me and Rima are so so tired
we literally been away for so long but
we have some exciting news which is in
Dubai which is already a sold-out show
in 13 minutes it sold out in 13 minutes
I'm going to be there bream is going to
be there Slim is going to be there it's
going to be a crazy crazy show I promise
you as a free show and the reason why I
sold out already because I believe it's
like a thousand seats and have to
reserve your seats for free so it got
sold out in 13 minutes idumaean do
recess we take it over and give it back
I love you guys so so much and always to
remember to treat each other equally and
to treat each other as one because we're
all one and we're not here to look down
on anyone or to look up to anyone as if
they're like some kind of like you know
thing we're all one we are all the same
we need to learn to love each other and
you know to see you like so do me fast
we take you know but you know say not
like renessa that is a sick sick
accomplishment Rima do you know we sold
out Rima just like midnight right now so
really didn't do anything today but just
literally have a flight and then get
like luggage there was like 10 luggages
you have to get I want to say hi to the
family that was happy go seven plus my
carry-on the dad's carry-on and your
mom's carry-on that's ten bags we're
gonna play a quick game called speak out
speak out what is it what you gotta do
to do that you have to put this on
but I'm used to read away and the people
on just understand breaking things down
in Ulan Oh everyone knows is gay more
than me hmm
nothing look out let me know move it
what the hell you would even artery and
you're five you're not worried just tell
me anything
all right and I'll think what you're
gonna say to tell me anything you want
and I'll try to guess what you think go
huh
bottom I got right Wow I'll see baby
language ah she I see what teddy is it
you uh hmm yeah what please oh you take
it off and say it take it off P P P or
the letter B oh hi guys I just want to
say thank you guys so so much for your
love and support Dubai and queit make
sure you guys go get your tickets the
body's already sold out but wait I think
VIPs already sold out but make sure you
get your tickets to watch the show
because it's going to be an amazing
amazing show I got well in math if you
max you got named Stanford no video
smash Syrian master vignette nice that
many remember no video what it smashed
that like button down below
besides good a thumbs up for rimas
effort I'm just trying I'll see you guys
tomorrow I love you guys so much we
support you
happy to be back home I'm happy to be
back with the family but work we forget
to be going hard and work it
we must stop working for the nurse I got
to see you guys tomorrow she's going to
keep working I figure out tomorrow take
care and I'll owe you how much working
ah
Shirley David torch ordinary man do me
gang I posted this like really late so I
said to anyone who comments really late
and stays up for the vlog you guys will
be in tomorrow's vlog so this is hates
love unicorn thank you so much um thank
you so much Sahara Hashmi thank you
King Kong roblox thank you so much just
my lush ruffle Rehana so the Mohammed
thank you guys here's Fiona's Fatima
Rapids what's up you guys gonna be in
today's vlog comment below leave a
thumbs up and comment below so baby
please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be powder for
your sanity so don't let anybody tell
you what you wanna be oh baby just gonna
have anything you want some may I
