I'm gonna open it up right now these are
Lucy it should I say what you guys
probably know because it's coming over
I'm opening up liner making massive hey
hey guys what's up ado me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day it is our last few
hours here in LA me the keep Yusuf and
Hollis we're leaving back to New York
City Slim is staying here
he's actually in Texas right now for a
movie premiere but he's staying here
because Sophia's birthday I believe is
today or tomorrow so happy birthday
Sophia slimmin Sophia have fun I'm
heading to New York City and the day
after New York City I'm filming my movie
the first part of the movie so wish me
luck I heard it's like a big big
blizzard or something like that so
hopefully my flight does not get
cancelled because if it gets canceled my
whole everything is pretty much ruined
so we're gonna see how it goes I'm see
you guys the next shot I'm heading to
the airport
I'll see ya LA I'm going to miss you
guys so so much I'm going to miss this
place
so much look at this display suppose on
behalf of foosball tables you have a
pool table there they have a pool down
there they have literally looks elements
in please
hello Kyi city cancels I've saved up I
don't could be okay grab businesses ooh
here we go got them yes you know we got
stuff to take care of luck
assuming yang finally made it to the
airport
I'm here with college it was cloudy sir
but they just started a vlogging channel
true so he shot up to both you guys what
you guys are killin in that muscle I
think the way you guys dedicated with
everything so I appreciate that so have
you got it what does not a they're
getting their really like see the
memories I've dedicated I get a smart
with it so good oh wait we're heading to
New York City is about to be freezing
cold a flight is not canceled to be
honest I wanted it low-key to be
canceled I don't know we should I don't
know we're going to miss Ellie I don't
know when we tell you so much Yusef
wanted to move well I'm here I'm getting
shot oh I'm getting moved here I promise
you
would you believe I wouldn't want to new
exhibit Oh lived on your own I love the
people
Alyssa Lang but New York is my home
meaning reasoning um my whole family's
in New York somewhat in New York yeah
maybe a Starbucks coffee like this
now there's its own kids donut coffee
like I would try for the first time had
it for me is really really good that's
almost a drink look is it really good
close our drinks a glamazon usually
always do so much one so we'll try it on
hi guys let me try it
hmm good I like I like I did hi guys I
just met this team used to write here
until this is sick
miss Keane Houston she's rockin so yes
representing rockets machine Houston a
turn up h-town you said I'm going at
suing me right so sweet like to meet you
thank you so much do me gang we just got
some new york city and it is freezing
like this just like with smoking hookah
in the streets i want to go back to LA
so that bigger taxi back to home uses
come with me
and that's it la i will miss you we're
gonna have to sell pilots and the key oh
you told me to buy I'm going to keep all
love you bro you say well you're the man
bro take it Martha's alright Alex
this time we're going to travel get some
more kids hatsune how to broke up with
him unless he says it'll hold on this is
how make this will I get ripped off any
time boy if I make this you guys have to
get him to come home here we got ready
for making my first truck then City the
other had to come with me leave over we
chose ready oh seconds we I mean it all
of this a lot
it goes in yeah is else give you a
second just like this yeah let me tell
you what about this
oh my god everyone's asleep
here Yuma awesome Marcin guys I cannot
find Martin what that means Muslim is
here hey sleepy can you talk eurocup say
hi to me gay I'm finally home I'm
finally here I miss my room so so much I
found this random ball that muffin had
let's see how many times I can hit it on
the wall ready 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
oh my god I had a really really long day
my flight from LA to New York City was
like six hours if I can go into a
different country like that I'm going
from New York to London but it's only
from the west coast of America to the
east coast
I left in the afternoon from LA but I
got to New York City around 12:30 a.m.
and supposedly there's going to be like
a huge huge blizzard which really really
sucks because I went from like
summertime weather and now I'm here for
winter weather but as long as I get to
see my family everything is good so I
want to show you guys something that I
got today it's in this box down there
also I got onion could you fill out for
my feet you know the saying you know
Louie on my wrist you know say that's
how rappers sounds whenever you put a
camera on them that's all we do is just
show like ice on my neck you know what
I'm saying though we might lose my
wrists right hey what's up 20 G's y'all
$30 for this shirt $20 for these pants
holla at me ISA ISA so I want to show
you guys something
that I got today something really really
special a couple months ago a bit of
live tiles you know Kanye West sent me
easy stuff like that a lot of people
like oh my god he's beyond saying this
is that whatever but they just see the
title but they don't watch the full
video you have to watch the full video
to see what's like what what am I saying
as a video to understand what the heck
saying so as I said before I have a
neighbor a Hamzah's house so how does
that have the neighbor which I go to
Hammonds house all the time he has a
neighbor who's he's a producer he's a
music producer a Frank Ocean Kanye West
he's with friends with Kanye West since
1999 so imagine almost 20 years he's
been friends with Kanye West and here
are some pictures for proof that his
boys with Kanye West's rayless this is
proof that his boys with Connie was
Kanye West and Kim Kardashian always go
to his apartment which is right next to
Hamza's door literally right next door
so Kanye West and Kim can pretty much go
to Hamilton's building I asked Kanye's
friend whose name is 88 the homie a day
he is so cool so nice so humble I asked
and I'm like like how the heck does like
Kanye and Kim like go to Hannah's
building and go to his apartment like
without knowing knowing and he told me
that Kanye comes to his apartment and
you would never expect it to be Kanye
like you would have like a hoodie on
like dressed all black you can't even
see and he'll come from like the parking
lot and sneak up and go inside literally
crazy so crazy I told the homie 88 next
time Kim K and Kanye West come to the
house you know then call me let me know
and I'll come through and pretend that
you know I need some salt from his
apartment so I can bring it back to your
house I was saying eighty boys with
Kanye West so Kanye has you know a
sneaker sneaker is called Easy's so he
sends eighty Jeezy's every single time
there's no one coming out on each
sentence ad like a week or two before
it's how he shifts it straight to him
and then he gets them yes sir
yeah I met the homie ad a couple months
ago I spoke to him he was so cool and I
spoke to him about Dee Dee's because
city boys with Kanye I was talking about
you know eat yourself and he told me
that he does not wear Yeezy he only
loves wearing Ralph like he literally
only where's Ralph like from head to toe
it's all round which is and saying he's
always looking fly but when you get easy
and you can wear them like you know and
you wear the same size of me which is
size 9 the homie 88 hooks it up for the
Yeezys that he gets from Kanye
which is the same size me he ends up you
know just hooking it up and giving it to
me so huge shout out to 80 thank you so
much it's an honor and it's literally
like insane when I have a story the
first time I was like everybody was like
oh my god you're you're clickbait and
your biessings stuff like that
foxy I'm against when I'm going to vlog
radiate and he's going to talk to you
guys me and I'm going to talk to you
guys
maybe maybe Kim and Kanye will be that I
don't I don't know maybe I will open it
up right now
these are let's see it should I say what
you guys probably know it because that's
coming over I'm open it up right now I'm
just joking sneakerheads about to go
crazy
last time I opened a sugar hit the easy
I'll literally ripped it up
but I'm learning you know I'm still a
beginner I'm so sorry I'm learning I'm
learning we cut me some slack like I'm
trying to learn from you guys I'm open
it the correct way looks I'm open is a
correct way I can open it correctly
I got the white and black Easy's the
zebras right here show you these oh my
god these are so nice look at these
these are wow these are so beautiful
oMG literally like a foot Wow oh man
thumbs up show me to get another pair of
these V's size 9 and I'll do a giveaway
with it on this live so let me know
thumbs up this vlog and I'll do a
giveaway with another pair of these
because I can get another pair of these
maybe I was thinking about doing a
giveaway because you know so much Nick
it has you know showing love you guys
always show love I'm not that good of a
sneaker I'm sorry cut me some slack once
again imma keep saying that because I'm
not Amish oh you guys my easy collection
real real soon because it's added up my
easy collection is adding up so I need
to show you guys soon but I'm probably
going to get an extra care of these so
let me know if I should do a giveaway
like look at these look at these these
are amazing I'm gonna try these on for
the first time
check out alright um Wow Wow these feels
Sokka oh em gee baby I'm so height I'm
so like I'm so bad at snowing tomorrow
I can't wear and snow OMG garlic you'll
look at these oh I am in love I am in
love oh my god I'm so knows
wow thank you so much Kanye West for
being friends with 88 and yeah that's
that's very much it I got to use it slaw
I got it he's ready but ah I'm gonna
jump a little bit higher so since I can
pretty much get like any easy I can now
let me know in the comments below which
cheesy should I get next because I
already got like I think five or six
pairs of Yeezys i'ma show you guys may
be an easy collection video but let me
know in the comments below I'm thinking
red Octobers let me know those are good
or like comment below any time CDs I
should get and I'll probably get it next
maybe I'll do a giveaway maybe you guys
will win like yeah I'm going to end the
vlog here like 2:30 a.m. thank you guys
so so much for cooperating and listening
to me and I appreciate you guys so much
thank you so much for thumbs you got the
videos every single day thank you so
much for subscribing every single day
thank you so much for kidding me happy
every single day because I wake up every
single day like happy to vlog like you
know excited to do what I do so I
appreciate you guys so so much thank you
for blessing me and putting me in this
position like I wouldn't be here without
you guys so thank you thank you thank
you I'll see you guys tomorrow do bi
hopefully is no big blizzard or maybe
I'm not gonna wear anything to lose I'm
gonna take care of these I'm really bad
I like you know like I'm gonna take care
I'll see you guys tomorrow through
yelling thumbs up enjoy this vlog take
care our pics
I like don't baby please be who you want
to be I know your father will be powder
for your sanity
I tell you what you want to be Oh baby
you're gonna have to anything you want
to me
