hi guys I just got to the station right
now so wait whoa hey hey guys what's up
into my gang I hope you're having an
amazing a because I'm having an amazing
day so far I'm having an amazing day you
all should be having an amazing happy
day right now we're heading to the mall
I need to go get me an outfit ASAP I
need to bring me a new brand new outfit
because I'm heading to Manchester
tonight I'm doing something in mentions
tomorrow you guys will not know I'll
probably surprise you guys tomorrow all
the surprises and stuff that I'm doing
all the secret projects they're all
going to be like released in like a
couple days that I'm not ready for this
I hope you guys are ready for it's going
to be literally insane exciting so I
cannot wait I'll see you guys in the
next shot baby it's do me angrier right
now at the worst mall ever I do not even
understand what's out everyone stared I
don't know where the hell I'm trying to
go to a place like coal fires but like
visiting them all man look at this
what's it excuse me you know what the
mall around here please we get people
here so like like they don't want to
talk or nothing like that America does
talk cube over here just look and like
get the hello Ellie I'm trying to have
convo trying to make new friends I'm
trying to know where to go but nobody
wants to even like
see my Muslim brother I like that I like
so I can talk to you I would hear all
night sighs you'll enjoy it I follow you
something how we do thank you fellas
I appreciated it you the man right here
helping us out you know it's really
built by Muslims we go to them and say
Salam alaikum it turns around like
valium Islam while it goes on so thank
you Anubis coming
but let's go someone randomly play hi
they look at me like I'm some kind of
weirdo I don't know
so right now we're heading to another
place called Oxford man the struggles so
who Muslim New Yorkers
fuck in the middle of London not knowing
where the heck we're going to but we're
going to a place called Oxford for
clothing so yeah I need to get me I need
to get me an outfit ASAP like as soon as
possible we're trying to get a taxi
there but I hear what taxi drivers don't
want to take you because they firstly
Acula oh where are you going
then you tell them where you're going if
it's not like satisfied I you don't I
demand it oh good
hey what's up follicles by the Romans
I'm going here - yeah all good I'm going
see how can any girl that tastes like
Haley this is getting pissed and I'm
saying call me hero about the crime
mission guys the way for taxis but like
15 minutes though tax you I'm going to
go on the students please got me off the
Oxford Street
hey can I go on with you Jackie open
Oxford
so I'm an otaku stop enough taxi awkward
when awkward walk four miles of
amorphous you know wherever you know
Thank You senator I got it to be fucking
pump using a workflow for that but I saw
that down here my huh it's a bit pulse
using the world mail more I flew that
fucking cars Eternia how does it
possible from New York with a mall we
don't feel like runaway got the fucking
toilet hey where you from New York yeah
yeah yeah where you from and sadly
funded by nice make is not my happy
fucking toilet why is this on the
traffic and let me be fucked up my
network final one of counting par with a
fucking each other at the office price
again forever and forever down a fucking
tune but she she's just a viewer that
cast Boris Johnson was enough or as fat
useless Cathy fucking off the span of a
10 72 inch plasma these are like crazy I
don't know I
well anyway let me put it here he was
big back on Ron he's promoting a bicycle
nut yeah he's never studied
72 inch wide outs and a fucking push by
anyone yeah he's promoting yeah that was
one of the funniest taxi drivers I've
met in my life that knew it was so funny
I think we're an Oxford shoe right now
running to go get like an outfit I have
around 45 minutes to choose an outfit
get an outfit and go to the train
station because we're taking the train
to Manchester so we all see how it goes
Slim is not coming through he's gonna
stay in London I'm Athena tomorrow in
London mate
any see you guys thank you from London
what have you forgot to leave what is
this hey man check it out well you stole
it almond okay he's a thief he stole
another we in Oxford Street baby Oxford
I don't even know where is the best
place
shop over here kind of reminds in New
York huh engineered vibes British people
it looks like a new york city a little
bit of you virtually I'll do is give it
might attic monarchy dude I can't wait
till he goes into the rings and it goes
baby down Vallejo he ceases oh we got
Jordan
alright guys as the president lincoln
did a rigorous time I looked into the
rainbow with some other ladies but we're
shopping right now
look you what what yesterday me like
this the good is well look like a
passenger Adam solid I pestered Adams
how I preached my brother it's all it do
me yang what do you guys think about
this loving this miss this is bigger
good one fun wow your see I watch the
other side is on my bag house - I don't
see how to shake them what you got
Sardarji I think about this marvelous
I take nothing and do things I suppose
don't situations without me
Wow Wow
I think it's a great source of fun
Wow Wow mostly rejected sorry that's it
dukey's ago yes what's the burning with
my results stop solitude with Danny
laiá laiá Jim Carrey when they're done
they can run an ad about four or five
well guys we're literally waiting here
because I have no clue so against
another I'm in a second there's a little
thing they loved it
I'll give thousands live the whole
situation just put somewhere it means
again hi guys I'm done shopping I need
two hats Houston station something like
that or Houston sex with them
Simmons leaving me he's everything by
his ghostwritten I was going to vlog and
tell you like a good luck some school
you guys go to youtube comments and type
in the Simon splinters of losers
Cypress summers loser a blog to tell
them like a good goodbye cuz I'm going
to Manchester we legit you just want to
be Kevin this news is whatever kind of a
letter left me to love it
hi guys I just got to the station right
now so waste flow
what the hell is between baby cookie
guys baby's here what's up was good and
we got the holy shit what is that again
it was good yeah
oh it's alright we make it Wow
compliments on alright let's create our
you see what a coincidence never comes
around better man connects is mine I'm
down let's go those you guys wiener
Manchester winner oh oh my god but I can
win for them when you have posted a
picture
everyone will treat you like wake up
wake up and I'm like enough ain't you
got to go to surprise we've been working
on something for a fantastic no no
matter more value literally nothing well
let me just review for them you know for
Yahoo just got to the Train we're
heading to Manchester you guys have
probably already know some of the secret
projects of surprise that we're doing I
have no clue logo I'm not going to
mention this okay oh I'm so them why
what sort of this shit why not go find I
know I'm saying alright with the other
one this is our train I like it saying
they're like give me a two hour journey
how's the two hours but with the cards
form dimension I don't know
you guys in the next a terrific way ah
because it goes quite really quick okay
do me a we just got back to our hotel
well we just got to our hotel here in
Manchester you guys probably know some
of the secret project work and this is
just one of them but it's like it's not
it's something in the secret projects of
many so and then the other secret
product of announcing on Saturday I
cannot wait it's like literally
exhausting come from London and back to
Manchester then like all this traveling
that's all give me words I really hope
you guys already I'm so so excited I
cannot wait and also other news goodbye
we're giving you guys a free show in
Dubai so Sunday 6 p.m.
get your tickets also equate we have a
show there but quick you have to get
tickets but for Dubai it's free
everything's free if you want it I think
you can get meeting the tickets but for
the whole show is free not is there any
for Dubai is there like a you have to
get tickets at the reserve it or not
yeah it's basically free tickets yeah so
everyone's welcome
but you have to go to first come here so
here it's a first-come first-serve other
book a ticket so and it's gonna be hard
I want started going to crash at it but
love it oh yeah some days going to crash
the other being anyone on the meet and
greet ones on free on the showing
through but yeah I guess you guys can go
get your to buy tickets I'm from the
equate tickets of Sunday I promise you
ask wait and a free show and Dubai and
do me set you know what I'm saying and
reimagine a room is gonna come to this
alright
she yeah we must come to this one this
is what yeah everyone's coming to divine
no yeah I swear to God rimas come in to
Dubai so it's gonna be lit than that um
ah man um I thought this month I thought
I seen blood knows how long and the
first thing is be cool yeah that's
that's supposed to be the first thing
you do when I was all right why are you
keep people like this what you mean I'm
a cuddly guy go cuddle Seligman you can
cuddle man some about here called Colin
Harrison sighs go home and come on well
oh man come on let me cut a roll and
please let me cut this no please
ha ok cuddles not cool you're talking
about I got one man was your wife
Tommy a wife in front away hey man send
sending applications to marry other I'm
gonna program sorry good see me you
might have to cook a good CV what's that
like in the UK um what is it it's not
your CDs it's not a job application can
you send them like a resume you put a
lot of your hobbies and what you do it
with Jack another 10 descendants yeah
haven't enough and if I cruise all
servants out of I will see a come
tomorrow you guys going to eat some of
the seeker pilots working on behind the
scenes I'm not gonna show much but we'll
see maybe I'll give you guys a little
bit hope you guys all ready and a doobie
gang I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow
take care peace I'll owe you don't baby
please be who you want to be I know your
father will be part of where you're
gonna be
don't let anybody tell you want you
wanna be oh baby just gonna have
anything you want some me and
