hi overnight I see result over the phone
hey hey guys what's up is dooming yang I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so
it's fun having an amazement you all
should be actually an amazing is happy
today gang gang gang gang guys the duma
gang today is the day so you guys watch
the whole video you guys are going to
see know what you see where Adams really
from my being a know what his name and
Nate says they'll be over with oh my god
but only open one part and I tweeted it
but I haven't opened the rest on camera
because everyone has taught me to save
it on cameras even I can solve it save
it on camera I'm a black for a bit chill
out if you guys do not know we are in LA
for a couple days over here this is our
view that we have we're staying near
Venice Beach so we're going to go to
we've been to Venice Beach we're gonna
go to Santa Monica beach chill out and
then after that I'm going to come back
and I'm going to tell you guys where I'm
really lies give me a brand new Adam you
know I don't really read I cannot
believe what I've seen all over the
elves like I'm amazed I'm so like
sitting at chance of a while European
understand I'm Madison so white you yeah
how about Italian I said telling Italian
always a little Simon sound little son
the socket of some not a lot of Spanish
where the heck would a Spanish from
Spain but middle east we just look like
Hispanic people oh this is big touch
that's like you know vote history really
high I would see how it goes we're gonna
head out to Santa Monica beach the key
cottage swimming use the first side and
we'll see you guys in the next shot guys
we're having some Santa Monica we're
with the coolest with driving say hi
listening Linda Lou Lou a name is gluten
that's such an Arabic name Lulu do you
know modularity Arabic anyone I was no
way you know what I love I love like
getting to know like uber drivers like I
want to know the life story so so away
from your nationality
where you from mentality no way
that is dope you know everyone has a
story boomers always you guys have story
so um how long have you been a over
having driver get to know so you almost
serious night like are you married mmm
no look at the get marry
yeah so you know Ricki Camilla got your
shiny because that are do we talk about
too young for you huh you're like me I
got the loo looking for a husband you
from Yemen right yes
from Yemen yeah okay so you're looking
after my Lulu and you Bruce
huh I should gather Tom too much as ever
Lulu them little atom here that little
yeah they certainly they like mean
you're the couple is the lovers solicit
I look a little funky I love you to the
service it is it's really tell of you
some of you I can be your mom know
nothing my never you say I love you
mommy
hey what's up it how's it going on me
how did my bagel vegetable let's go Matt
I'm not I'm not I'm not really much man
I don't know it just without feeling
fine the colors good right guys that
will be driver was the sweetest the
bathroom a driver in the world Lulu
shout out to the best driver in the
world where Saturday and a monocle I
know because I'm in Santa Monica right
now hopefully this is like the life of a
youtuber like stop look at last even
you're my less corporate like a life of
used to be loggers just hanging out
vloggers you don't get to like hang out
was like people just speaking look at
this sunset view is so amazing look at
this know when you cute baby business
photos
that is so cute
guys this view so amazing that all four
of us have to stick us like this like
ever a little how good it is I know what
you're going to do yeah I don't we do it
on this nice skinny already live in the
ghetto music ha ha ha masala yeah give
them a whole government name it I always
have to come here whenever I'm in Santa
Monica Pier
hi guys solid a pretty shot the key
metric are you plan 3 toss some
happiness as they all miss not matter
you go free time we take on police take
one
a reservist 3 sorry Adam Sally always
first like I'm from Subway
no joke I'm never coming here again
I never went I just kind of stuff I
don't I really I just love going to our
key and like losing everything but if
they're going to do I have to throw with
one of these right here I got a knock
down those three blocks all over the
tape this whole thing right here has to
fall off the table and you can win
anything over here staff loves Ninja
Turtle fucking Jam maybe and the deter
I'll take you guys oh yeah I have a
couple throws
I'm sorry I'm gonna have to buy you a
ninja turtle hi guys I'm taking myself
to the baby whoops I have to win ally
subjects have to shoot this boy here my
god
come on the car this thing right here
crazy ambitious I think I'm a clown I'll
take the perfect picture to do you know
the Duma gay guys back in my apartment
here in LA and before I tell you guys my
result I want to show you guys a little
vlog footage that I've done I cut hands
and hair back in New York City a couple
days ago so here is the blood before I
give you guys the big moment and the
review of my whole DNA ancestry results
enjoy the life you want you to give me a
haircut I'm not that bad with haircuts
so I'm going to see how I actually am
I'm going to yeah I'm going to test it
on to you kind of see why you got
there's a lot of work that needs to get
done what are going to give you how do
you want to make you look the same a
laconic hot game out it makes you better
you gonna make you look better than Finn
Balor's yeah yeah I would have a better
ABS everything with them but nothing it
seojun's you have no thing you put your
hair down work looks like when he but to
eat you're the big one but it's tough
what are you doing oh that's good
I just made when I call you my darlin oh
I'm not just giving haircuts is hard but
I
whoa neat don't you got the fresh-cut
look at this look at this guy's
he got a man bond wow this is amazing
man but my god my hair line is not
straight line up expectation versus
reality Caillou I got to have nothing to
clean the hair some use my mom's thank
you
I like you looks like no it does looks
much like it well you better hit the
army you don't really hope you guys is
not a way way longer like months ago I
did a DNA ancestry test more like you
can put your saliva and it lets you know
what the final war like your aunt ray
axises came from where your birth family
like came from and I suck it and the
first time it failed it takes like tools
to come the fails Mitchell and I took it
again it's been a long long time
literally took me like two months not so
thank you guys for being patient
I'm sorry like it's a house literally
waiting on literally waiting for so so
long and it's finally here okay do we
gonna get is time it is time yeah this
is this is the picture of the scary
picture hello then I won there as well
what you won't be any men sure hi guys
oh okay what do you only like them
I am I kidding I had a sequence okapi
rocking me again please an act I think I
should I was hi I'm getting the bubbly
Zimbabwe how many cool medicine mothers
I think I haven't having a baby and have
to see who like it
when you are not the bodice you gotta
feel excited I'm swingin is anything you
really want I really want yeah you guys
wanted to be hers good I got this one
overnight seeing results only gave us a
phone shit people do that
yeah that's born whoa way to go
so no time against yeah well you know II
think I'm forgetting defecated I forgot
4% 4% East African because and 14th of
that 9,000 it'll be on business and why
do you know % middle-eastern absent
ancestors in East Africa and North
Africa around Algeria Morocco Ethiopia
Somalia Kenya and Tanzania this is a
wrong assumption you you goddamn freak
you can you know like so better than me
in Somali - Thank You Molly why not area
and rocking a little bit need you go go
I thought it would you idiot an air of
anyways I gotta Meredith I'll get a
house rocky to me hey go to each country
yeah I'm doing that I'm doing 20 Reese's
and and Blue Springs of culture we pull
together cookie homeless
what is all of that are not really wrong
with that Thanks that's it I'm Middle
Eastern North African capacity that's it
that's it
I'm a brain well I'm a brand-new model
let me know the comments below where did
you guys expect it to be from Dallas I
expected it to be a little bit around
that area because I'm a mom telling me
that like you know around like if you
we are Somalia Kenya but I guess we have
some family I feel so relieved I feel so
good like finally getting these results
took so long I hope you guys yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed it if you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey
thumbs up if you rise that do me thank
you guys so so much if you made it as a
blogger she probably didn't fit then one
probably was waiting to be there so give
us thumbs up and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
Liu yang take care buddy baby please be
who you want to be I know your father
will be better for your sanity so don't
let anybody tell you what you wanna be
Oh baby you're gonna have
