hey guys what's up to do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing me because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day Oh what is he doing this is
not a musically hunga called practicing
practicing yes that's what you call
practice yes why are you throwing the
money in the air like if you've got
money then you pick it up from the floor
I need my money because every day we
live yeah we'll get some yeah remember I
was built here no I'm good yeah but you
don't like you don't whoop seven dollars
you said having me that 100 pounds no
notice I said I said you're going to
lose 100 pounds I never really interview
anyone on my channel but Hamazon you
know meet him have done well actually
I've done a couple videos about him on
his musically and it got millions of
views literally because I make millions
and dollars millions and flowers million
dollars million and I just wanna rolia
rolia rolia and veteran all I'm Alisha
so design is all that what can I do for
so are you so nervous - another go for
down there the first question is how
does it feel to be a cringy musically
artist it's not crazy it's interesting
it the way you're doing stuff is just
like it's just really weird it makes me
like go like this like ah ah how is that
what do you think about that huh there
you let me know
hello I really do not know why you
didn't or moraz√°n me hello and cuz I'm
over 100k followers on musically I'll
try to get the crowd so I'm visibly you
watching us we are on please be right
here on my hydrate what the heck is a
crown so does good just do this lube it
it's like randomize it when you get
prayer like fave eyes I'm gonna get
certified first of all why are you
acting like you the ish just cuz you are
over 100k like I all want a cake - you
know I'm saying it
you better imposed I do pose yes I do
manly little bit less belly fat that's
very good
hey okay so the other day I bought this
bag of farts
yep literally a bag of fart it cause it
around like seven dollars literally like
air inside so I want you to smell it I'm
gonna try to smell it what you see I'm
curious about no I don't want it to die
it's all good you doing a musical you
think I sing a song like yeah oh yeah
because I'm trying not to go to school
for like two weeks are you so lady my
goodness let me see you try to give it
over don't pop it off put on the other
thing guys just a fake then link is no
happy to tonight that is not smell like
fart that smelled like like horse feces
like you know what species No so when
did you start doing musically fun and
this I'm going to just tell you the
world up okay what is that shit oh
really
oh hello hallo hallo so you telling me
Thailand is the reason why you created
you know musically in your musically
artists tile is the reason yes hi let me
catch you outside
I can't believe it's a holiday you know
I am so can you teach me how to post a
musically yeah teach me how to do a
music hi guys how is going to teach me
how to do a musically with his phone and
very poignantly leave that lazy they're
loosely of the most left where the songs
I saw hungry children
time goes by a boogie timeless what I'm
being told
what what do you think about before you
make that musically like how are you
going to do it how should I do with you
women a little small motion art will
move with slow motion yeah okay come on
guys come on
so you have to borrow fast last night
I'm reporting on you can post a joy
Aylor
but on the road ahead I love you hours
why I love you I will shoot with you
whenever your curses look hot whatever
you're crazy
no nothing over crime so how long have
you been doing music video let's see are
you too young to you tell refrigerants
yeah I don't wear it
oh my god and you have to delete it so
this is your first music we are going to
show you guys his first music you're
like this you're like this
I did another one on here to go talk
your the condition yeah this is over the
first one we done
this is the best basically you have
watch either the best musically you that
should be the most like musically you
have on your musical series also now so
sorry
look whatever answer that you answer me
yes you are talking to oh gee my god is
confirmed how's that in dating series
let the world know Hamlet is dating
series times I don't know stimulus so I
don't know
I'm the it's a photo of the creator say
no so what a photo of the frayed or
three who's that
come on my ABS come what's up
Robin come in love you like the double
precious sorry look right there oh my
god nothing that's alright oh let's see
if it feels like a pillow
lay down Wow feel good yeah wow that's
amazing you like it you want to go to
sleep he wants to go to sleep that I can
you go to people come let's go good
night oh my bad but like you leave me
Adriano up with your money more handsome
what makes you want to take off your
shirt it's get it hiding here's a lot I
think are you listen to this Kobe okay
one thing about you that really inspires
me is their confidence I love that
you're confident I love that you can you
don't care like you just come out and
just be really calm but that's one thing
I really really love about Hartman's a
you know inspired me and it's fine a lot
of people wait but please stop taking
off your shirt do you ever plan on you
know like working out and you know
stopping music leaves I clean my chest
yeah good dusty my tips a fine you know
you look at I look at it we know what
look at us record your six-pack mine
okay do me young so we are done with
this interview / musically I don't know
what the heck to call it I hope you guys
enjoy this video at the end of the day
Hamza is my family he's your family and
he's a superstar and he inspires many
many people to be confident I want to
talk about something because something
happened yesterday where fans came up to
Japan he's 12
he got feelings too so someone a lot of
fans those literally girls chasing Japan
and they went up to demand they told him
they want pictures Kemal was rejecting
everyone who like nope no pictures for
you no pictures of you know Bridgeview
then after I hand up telling them go
take picture Hamza and then they someone
was like I don't want to picture of
Hamza Hamza is fathoms of those like he
doesn't he doesn't let anything get to
him he I really know he's strong he
doesn't care and he just does him he's
caring and he's funny man that was
really rude for that fans to say that
about how much times demand
I love to have that and um yeah we're
gonna in this video here if you guys
enjoyed it make sure give it a thumbs up
for only Hamza show him that you know we
love we love this time that we love this
you know I'm in love with the shape of
you I'm in love with your thumbs up
thumbs up smash I like what I'm the
trend now I try to get 40,000 50,000
sometimes I show them that we love him
because we do love him
other than that me see you guys tomorrow
me I take care and pit fun hello you
well you'll realize it also that
musically what $100 me give it you okay
you're not okay I'm gonna call this
table baby who you wanna be
I know your father
for eternity but don't let anybody tell
you wanna keep comedy oh baby you can
have anything you want from me
