Sarris juggling garbage I'm taking it
you are having an amazing day because
we're having in a minute so yeah get
amazing it you all have an amazing happy
first of all Rima why are you eating
hummus with a spoon can I take second of
all how do them why do you have a
sweater on on you hey do me game we are
back for another prank because it's
prank week today our victim is my dad I
wanted to prank my dad like the last
prank day of prank week because I wanted
to stay safe but I'm leaving to LA
tomorrow and I have to get my dad before
I go so I'm really really scared
I'm really nervous huh la I'm gonna
guard their swing yeah you got us it
look very long to California la in
California oh dadums family is worse
than the Kardashians aw man
so today I'm going to pretend to be a
drug dealer in front of my dad I do not
know why I'm doing this and this video
uploads we have to watching this video
that means I made it out alive but I
don't know I'm so I'm so nervous scared
but let's let's see what goes on so this
is what I'm going to do I have fake
drugs on me right here this is fake drug
is this sugar inside here and sugar
inside here my dad is outside I do not
know what he's doing up here getting
coffee or something like that so we need
to hurry up and do this but once he
comes in inside the house to the living
room I'm going to be on the phone with
the homie nas and I'm going to be on
speaker I'm going to be yelling and
arguing it's not about like a drug
dealing issue then after day I'm going
to pull out some drugs and obviously
don't want to do this doing it but I'm
doing a few guys so you guys can enjoy
it remember stay away from drugs drugs
are bad stay in school drugs or what ah
drugs are bad stay in school and you
know what else is bad means I'm this
prank cuz I'm about to get my butt
kicked man I've never done something
like this to my dad so I'm really scared
I'm really nervous that I love you
you're the best dad ever
but today
yeah we have to do this yesterday's
video you guys got 40,000 thumbs up in
eight hours let's see if we can beat it
let's try let's try 60,000 thumbs up in
one day 80,000 comes up okay let's do
70,000 in between 7,000 one day because
yesterday you guys already beat to go so
let's see you today um ba ba
oh well then let's let's do this
seven yeah
tie my crazy like that is ready now but
luckily you went to the bathroom right
now so we're going to get it right now
mother : Oh No
if you look here Maloney i'ma beat you
up surgery well if you don't give me my
money I'm telling you I don't know if
you don't give me my money I'm gonna
knock you out the unbroken row i'ma
knock you out what are you gonna do
something wrong
Marley by now and not you are shit John
I caught you up well I gave you a drug I
gave you the drugs yeah in the back you
can't approach well guys I'm gonna get
demand and go snitch on me to my dad so
do that oh come on there's an argument
between drugs with it
I'm fighting Sonia I do not get what
someone I'm fighting with the would I
not continue continue I'm a Nazi well so
I go you shut your mouth well Jamie's
run I leave you two men I gave you too
bad Rose mm okay bro I want my money now
screw the police they call the police
don't can't they see it I don't care I
gave you too bad I gave you too bad the
drug I gave me two bags of drugs I gave
it to you I told you it I told you bro I
told her no I told you ready oh it's
awesome ologies don't let them touch it
hello it's uncle
I know that make them haha
well over the times it's a vehicle so
tell the students you know yourself know
yourself in terminated mr. little people
it's not his job didn't giving me drunk
woman yet an upstanding the police a
house frighten me God will bring my
money he didn't pay my Monroe I'm
telling you our money other hatred Jesus
is really rolling
I came drunk I came drunk George here in
his little overdressed
come on my little own I just gave him a
little bit I'm trying to make money
no I was wicked good idea and go don't
you order to get uncoupling well we know
a little bit we'll come down motel on
the Nakatomi la la tell you my money bro
how much Iman they've been a good little
van
I'm sorry I Cielo no give me your money
I will come out and you're both black
pretty guys had a big red face Josh I
lose my hose yeah I have a couple of
house girl let's go to home a little and
that'll cut it off now one because
Oliver want my bag Oliver uh uh only one
more bag make what they're cooking know
is he didn't get tennis tennis tennis
Jimmy can you give me one trucks
it misses me to do it as does look well
no no no bro no sir yes a drug I had
jokes telling knows nothing so look yes
I'm told I want to tell you I want my
cocaine cocaine so good motherfuckin
energy life
no no no that would be lucky doing
some on phone and call King garbage I'm
telling him good rug garbage salaries
juggling garbage I'm taking it you know
you know let us look good yeah yeah you
know I can't so many times I have to do
okay man
tell em what a little don't what what I
meant it's what I got okay yeah nah what
does evil eye peas off huh Regas more I
think you put that shit what it is kids
over it doesn't deal with legit salsa so
with the chips wasn't no shit
no thank you I want to put it to acid
don't do it isn't a greater goal against
the loss yeah screw them off I don't get
along I care about her don't do anything
I get I get the low get my drugs no give
me it
like what the fuck is relevant to you my
shit
you want to square all will fight me for
that ring you want fight me yeah what up
I'm going for Siliguri no no no the
Greeks and roll up $200 like this I
think you look good mom let me clean the
room with you about keep my brother
we got gonna call me take a look at this
you finish your good why would you get
is what is this
it's really fabulous
come on what look Willa what do you tell
on here this is really is fake how here
this decision sorry I just I said thank
you I was allowing so much
oxy not the homeless it's just yellow
and I'm going to kill a guy that will
agree
I'm sorry mother yes can you maybe if I
get a new leash huh hey cat kitty if you
guys enjoyed the video make over a
thumbs up for my dad I'm sorry he's in
it I'm sorry
and yeah I please both um um that's
what's with me okay it do me gang I hope
you all enjoyed this video if you did
make sure you go to thumbs up and go
turkey I think my dad is snitching on me
right now to my mom I think because I
overdid it a little more after I pulled
the prank I'm like a little mini preying
on them again saying that happens it
eating him Baba I love you so much kids
everyone stay away from drugs and always
love your parents
thank you guys so so much for love and
support they got to show every single
day make sure you guys subscribe for
daily videos and to be updated to be to
be the first one to know about my videos
every single day like daily so thank you
guys so so much I'm gonna oh man this
can't be happening oh man
this can't be happening to them are you
turning are you sending so difficult
right now just kick he must be stopped
crying
he must be stopped I'm gonna see you
guys tomorrow meeting J picture ah I
love you oh yeah I London baby
see ya peace Shh huh please go baby
please be who you want to be I know you
you canopy don't let anybody tell you
what you're gonna be Oh baby just gonna
have to anything you want some anything
