hey guys what's up newbie I hope you're
having to meet daily cutter mom having
an amazing day so a bomb I have to get
amazing day yeah it amazing happy we are
inverting him right now we're about to
get the show started is about to get
ready bourbon gonna miss you I have a
senior out for so long don't see us in
the next shop Oh a lot more lovely Rita
we are homeless women who will play
basketball guys so mom I can do it it'll
be run slow you must be in Ohio so many
rich people gonna mix it oh I like
thousands they want to mix it we can set
down oh yeah
somehow you the Jews wanna be ready so
let's walk pivot warning and you're
going skinny jeans on and they're
looking at hey hey hey okay okay ready
okay and who you wanna be
you do wanna be do you wanna do - what'd
I do - on a beat now fly
drop hits a little top 1000 put them in
on early by the hell have you done now
do - do they have zero there hey you
ready hey hey I got the volunteers here
- hi hi - hi
all right thank you guys so much for
today you have to help out a lot behind
I love you guys what's up
let me shadow that's me what's that
behind ya I thought I was you I'm happy
I live in New York kind of flag right
there I said hi guys someone gave me the
dunya headband and a booming game for
basketball this is thick as the glasses
thank you guys any Chanel one thank you
so much I appreciate you guys so much
guys someone give me a Gucci belt I got
a freaking Gucci boat oh my god we just
got done with the show in Birmingham and
the meet agree it was amazing thank you
so much for areum it was a crazy turn up
tomorrow is the big big they want in
London and at Portsmouth and then we're
finally done this is this is going to be
insane you guys want to watch this right
now
think it wise my hair really straight so
the next shot you guys going to see me
getting my hair straightened next shot
ready I should the next are they gonna
see me my hair straight and podiatry
high it looks now you're going to see
how I forgot I'll see you guys my cup hi
guys so right now some just got his hair
strands in my eyes I chose a higher high
don't burn with the eyeshadow her name
is Pocahontas
Constance got hair strands I've never
shown you guys my hair straight that
video that I had before it got delivered
in it so I'm gonna show you guys right
now my hair straighten and I'm really
scratching you better not burn my hair
never mind
look I say if you burn my hair look full
and often get it I'm gonna blow up yeah
I can't blow pretty good look so stop
you know what is this keep-keep
protector I don't get not part of me up
I'll look up to you I should oh I'll see
you I need my hair tell me what ha
nothing I don't thank you
so girls do this all the time anything
straight man wow man girl could do a lot
of yours always I just go to the
barbershop you guys man
yeah you go - not yet - I thought he was
gonna go - oh sorry girls you gotta go
through this is away some of the front
goes crazy sometimes like all the words
in the rap writing on set which one was
a cry nyah nyah nyah which part corona
GJ not you don't heat it looks good
or more stag which one is hydrogen ready
set go all night company called for
preach and my head of bystander last man
standing you don't understand them must
call daughter bonding pull up the fuzzy
let's not read you three month no leg
room on Walkman when I got the best
bedroom okay let's talk about bees when
I'm next to us ah popcorn business and
your little butt to shoot in so hood oh
yeah right oh that I sound good but why
not loud knocking your old hood somebody
slimy catch you red-handed Angela lyin'
lyin' lyin' called me
how do you know a lot remember I said
he's really good at memorizing I just
thought my four five times and I
absolutely love it I think it's stupid
how you keep I don't you can't people
going stupid it is stupid I stoop this
not sitting on one Joe all along your
fringe with a friend I'm like a big
refrain to try it because the whole
gangs like me obey me a friend how did
you see bangs cuz your friends for food
and for those are
what the loser
you should treat my hand yeah I know
buddy keep your doctor
agitated as it is like crazy annoying
yeah no violence no I'm advised you
should know that you've been you look
like so many times one of the UK words
and you haven't picked up the fun no
that does not sign you should be
learning then they feel American oh did
you see annoying oh yeah I forgot your
coloring I feel like one of those
puppies like has I care we don't have a
favorite clip - well I admire so much I
love it Finn I thought too lovely I
don't know this might kill here like
when I had at home it hurts feet up like
it gently not like okay like Raju even
artists when I try to do my hair and
just annoying babies bothers me I got in
apartment during their voices back on I
stay in line yes be oh my god I was so
bad do like me glitter what the hike yo
what the Freak I'm only a completely
different prism and it's not full let
the classic and it's put out or not like
me like this they decide what the
purpose I like this role I look like a
turtle
what the hell he can move it over a
little bit does is the brush exactly
well your yours will move easily behind
that may see those much bit like that
and I like it well not me I don't match
me this much better
hi guys this is my hair this is Myers
straight do you know what the hell is
that ruining it yeah I just brushed it
when I I'm really sorry I'm a bit like
touching here Wow would you rock star
god you shot it I sure thank you so much
for helping out hold on as we pull the
harness out of it I'm done I'll be I've
enjoyed this video if you did make sure
you a thumbs up and go hockey
you're a British youtuber
yeah absolutely valid eggs if I'm gonna
get extra motor squad intro I chose a in
a British accent hey guys will stop hey
guys what's up
you see expense over there having to
make a day cuz I'm having an amazing day
so you all have an amazing happy today
so I'll never buy one will any of the
brothers day in abroad in April we are
ending the vlog right right now I can't
wait for tomorrow
it's zoning knives I caught my eye
caught off 500 wrong good movie it's
going to be amazing as I do it without
an impulse or expense I chose the story
of my operation obviously the lying jeez
I'll see that my am re-park my I'm sure
this is how they look and how this I'm
gonna learn it because I know I sweat
all the triangle roll out the button so
romantic to the risk relationship yeah
we got off take care
Pippi please I like how to harness a bus
so baby please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be part of your
your canopy cuz only
I tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want to me thank
you I
