where you been where you been a between
here the whole time for you I've been
with you guys what's up to do me again I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day do me gang
I'm actually not having an amazing day
it's crazy how in my intro I tell you
guys that I'm having an amazing day
every single day and the reason why I
wanted to move away the intro because
some days I'm not having an amazing day
some days I'm having a horrible day like
today I have the biggest headache of my
life you guys do not know yesterday I
needed a root canal for the back of my
tooth and it was like a 40-minute
process and they gave me like nitrile
act like syn oxide or whatever you want
to call it and the dentist told me the
side-effects it's like a really big
headache and I was looking at the
dentist like nah man it's not gonna be a
headache it's all good Mama's always
giving me a headache me I don't feel it
I'm joking mama you don't give me ahead
but the dentist was not wrong I woke up
today in my head was fuming and it still
is I feel like my head is about to
explode any second the dentist's also
told me that when I have the night
reflects an oxide it's gonna get me high
for like 3040 minutes even after the
procedure so I'm really ashamed of
myself because of my fly yesterday's
also huge shoutout to mo Nikki he's
filmed the whole vlog he also edited the
whole vlog I'm so ashamed to the point
where I didn't even watch my own video I
just remembered a little bit of what I
did and I didn't want to watch the video
alone I'd rather watch it with you guys
and explain to you guys every single
thing that happened but before I watch
the video do me gang as you guys can see
behind me is my crib my whole crib is
furniture now it's officially done this
side that side I'm gonna show you guys
all of that but before I show you guys
all that make sure you guys subscribe
seriously do me I appreciate every
single one you guys who subscribe I
still don't get it because when I check
my demographics and everything it says
40% my viewers aren't even subscribed
how the heck is 40% of my viewers aren't
subscribed to you 40% out there just
type my name and like go watch me or
something cuz if you're doing that then
just subscribe I don't know I feel like
60% of my whole viewers are right and I
and the 40% they just go on and I'll I
don't know I don't know also do not
forget to thumbs up and do me in
seriously I appreciate all the love you
guys always show it to thumbs up the
comments everything you guys do thank
you guys so much let me take the camera
and show you guys how do you guys can
see we made this a small black Yemeni
mejlis I know all Mirada guys know this
but to all the 40% who aren't subscribed
if you guys do not know I'm from Yemen I
was born and raised in New York all my
parents in my blood is from Yemen and
these types of furnitures is a Yemeni
type of furniture look at it man it
looks so fire man look at this look at
these silky curtains man
I love silk this is amazing man and
these are not cheap also this isn't your
ordinary furniture this is a freaking
Yemeni cultural furniture we also got
this side down look at this just like
the other side this side and that's how
I got bigger legs looks so dope and on
this side we change the shape is like a
little flowery shape look at it it looks
amazing I feel so good I feel relieved I
feel like the house is like looking so
much better man like look oh my gosh the
living room their living room here
living room down there and a freakin oh
my god air mattress infront of the
freaking stairs I know why muffin and
Rima they always use this as a slide to
go down the stairs maybe I should go
down for you but my nose let's go react
to the video man this is crazy hey do me
a kissy whenever I'll vlog it makes me
feel so so good especially when I'm not
feeling too well I don't really want to
sit down and do nothing seriously thank
you guys so much for giving me the
opportunity to vlog every day and to
entertain you guys every day and to be a
part of my life because the Addams
family man there's always drama also do
me I wanna give a huge shout out to Zane
Zane Mahmoud he or she I don't know if
it's a girl or a boy
because Zane can be a boy name and Zane
can also be a girl name he or she gave
me this basketball the supreme
basketball and this is so dope I don't
know if supreme actually sells
basketball like this and I don't know if
he or she customized the basketball
whatever he or she did seriously thank
you so much for this you know how much I
love basketball you know how much I love
boxing whoa all right guys it's time to
watch yesterday's vlog together if you
guys do not know I always watch the
vlogs with you guys whenever I upload it
the second I upload it I always watch it
just to feel like how you guys feel I
know it's kind of weird it's kind of
weird but I just like feel it and how
you guys I want to see how you guys feel
so right now we're gonna watch it
together let's start the vlog I'm
already shamed oh my god sue hey see I
can't hold my hair I feel like I'm like
going to like a different world like I
yo she must think I'm a weirdo hey guys
what's up a doobie gang I hope you okay
we're having an amazing forgot to do the
intro Simona key he told me to do the
intro and I did at the end there so you
know the shout out to morning key man he
pretty much controlled my whole vlog
yesterday he did a great great job and I
kind of forgot I was forgetting to do
the intros for getting to the outro he
fixed the pieces to my puzzle service
team and thank you so much man Thank You
Man oh oh you everything seriously you
want the jacket you want it here you go
this jacket few young such as such a
weird old man I do the weirdest things I
don't know man I'm sorry guys do me gay
I'm on my way to I remember this part
I don't know why I'm so afraid I just do
not want that I was I was normal I was
good I was sober I was chilling my tooth
pain was insane know what it is but my
tooth in the back is just killing me so
so much so I had it it's better now so I
just got out to over and I'm at the
wrong spot I put the wrong freaking
address but it's not my fault let me
spread it to me you get another who were
waiting for another over in the freaking
cold man is freezing look no one stopped
me man
let's mess stop to a pretty nurse what
I'm gonna actually stuck like and I
can't leave anywhere
the guy looked at me the driver looked
at me he was like what is he doing this
is all so embarrassing some people yeah
she was like try to bust okay so this is
the part in the dentists that I remember
the most the beginning checkup I
remember this poor I was good I was go
Gio sober I'm chilling she was putting
your whole finger in my mouth to left
yes I'm like what the hell I don't know
why she said nice job
Ruka no man all right x-ray I still
remember some of it I was like they put
a needle before so I was getting like
really really numb the first needle
announced tax rate as they just got done
my x-ray I'm gonna check and see what's
going on I think I'm gonna need a root
canal
it's so weird with my hair man hate it
hate it I'm sorry guys for showing you
guys my hair like Loki I didn't even
know what she was saying I'm just like
yeah I didn't know I was pretending to
know what this is the part where
everything was like a blur to me and
everything was like so funny I was it
was just kind of really really weird
when they put that little nose thingy on
my nose and I had to had no choice but
to breathe for my nose because they were
fixing my mouth so it got me feeling
really really high higher than the pie
state higher than the butch Khalifa I'm
a lightweight man oh sure oh my god
what the hell oh my god oh my god okay
take off the nerve you know I feel like
like going so at this point I was like
completely completely gone but I still
felt like I had a little bit of life in
me and I was trying to like do a vlog
and speak to you guys that yoga cuz I
just felt like you guys were around me
while my life was like slowly fading
away man I was seriously scared for my
life
I never in my leg got put to sleep had a
surgery handedly or had not you like
lights an oxide on me so it was really
hard for me man like this I'm scared of
stuff like this my dad is scared of
stuff like this - now I know where I get
it from man like we just came back from
a dentist and Adam is
at this point home care for nothing I
can't you wanna stop me
legit didn't feel nothing it's not good
that's a hard slap for most in me I
didn't tell you alright the reason why I
was telling everyone is slapped me is
because I felt really really numb and I
couldn't feel anything to the point I
had like no feelings I was taking
advantage of my everyone slapped me man
I can't feel it
slapped me slap me slap me but I kind of
regret it because I woke up and my face
was really really sore so Marcin rima me
get you guys back man yes slap the crap
out of me man yo yo Rima is Rima alright
at this point the reason why I put
Febreze cuz I was looking all over my
cologne stuff and I could have found my
Cologne I'm so tired so I was like I'm
just gonna use Febreze that no I was
just like let me use Febreze I used it
when I did the video with Sephora in the
vlog with superwoman and it wasn't that
bad I mean when I was putting Febreze on
me then after that marcin Rima and Nick
Eve came up to me yelling I mean it kind
of got me angry then I ended up taking
the freaking axe I loved her a lot
oh I remember let's bleach I'm cleaning
my face is that really bleach all right
I don't remember like putting my face I
don't I don't recall that man all I
recall is the axe but damn what the hell
I need to go find out his bleach I kind
of messed up my freaking skin oh my god
oh my god oh my god okay so I do
remember putting that thing in my mouth
but I feel like that was such a dumb
decision of mine and the only reason why
I did it because I felt like I couldn't
feel taste nothing at all I just try to
like taste it and I didn't really taste
anything to like after I told you what
to put in your mouth
now funny boy so much that's why what's
going on yeah he's such an idiot man
what are you doing
oh my god
okay at this point I'm not bad dumb I
didn't really drink soap to be honest I
was just curious what the heck they
would do cuz they kept bothering me and
they keep you could follow me with a
camera you'll get on my face bro but
this hope did touch my lip and it was
really really disgusting
I remember when I was doing your mom
used to punish me you put soap in my
mouth man that was like the worst ever
man yes I still have to eat soap Maji I
had a hard man look at you guys chilling
with your iPad on YouTube watching his
video I soaked but I never dropped soap
and tripping out all day the keep is
enjoying this vid maybe I should be high
more awesome stuff I keep on I keep on
catching booze to the son whose father
come here about about just falling
around and like to see the stupid stuff
he does
all right the reason why was shiny to
sweets I did nothing all day and it was
kind of bad also a bad decision not
going to the dentist full because
usually tell you not to eat should have
known because I was extra extra hungry
and I was trying to eat some Reese's
Pieces and I have some shades on you
know I'm saying I'm hungry man you can't
eat no sweets yes like it's dark it's so
dark outside bro I mean you're wearing
sunglasses indoors okay at this point I
do remember putting on the shades but
then when I had it on I completely
forgot that I had on shades and I
thought someone turned off the lights
I'm like oh my god who turned off the
lights what the heck and then after that
I realized I was just I was just really
slow I feel like this is not you
Charlotte likes an oxide just makes you
feel like a kid like it just put me to
the mind of Mawson where I go around
just like thinking like a kid and stuff
I didn't know it was kind of late and I
didn't know that the salon was not open
I just want the time to fly and I wanted
it to freakin dye my hair because I'm
sick of my hair and I do me yeah I think
this is the last time you guys will see
the red hair probably the next vlog or
the day after or the day after that my
hair will either be gray oh I would be
white but it'd do me out so much fun
watching the vlog with you guys and I
really hope you guys had fun watching
this vlog you do me thank you guys so
much I hope you guys have an amazing day
I hope you guys have an amazing night
wherever you guys are from leave a
comment below of what city you're from I
don't know almost every single year I
have to have a vlog where I tell you
guys what city are you guys from so
leave it in the comments below a doobie
gank thank you guys so much for your
love and support I will see you guys
tomorrow hopefully feeling so much
better thank you to the vlog into that
camera for making me feel so much better
I feel like you guys are my medicine I
love you guys I'm see you guys tomorrow
take care
this is not fast forward piece I love
you medicine medicine I've been patient
like a waiter on fire I've been waiting
in the loan ladder fire are still
missing
I was hoping you were right back
