I want to try to get the best view of
the lighthouse guys they can message me
like hey hey guys what's the hook oh my
god
hey guys what's up a new beginning I
hope you all hey guys what's up to be
800 have raised today because I have an
amazing solo race day
you watching you have enjoyed our today
I got it boom again
what's up a charter bus to do the intro
with the hands and we are here in
watchmaking dude see ya the only person
has decided to be Washington DC is me
and the homie nah baby we can be going
to P the White House for the first time
ever so real they expect like a huge
castle log and bigger like palace but
like it's not like money to tell Bishop
in the White House if I'm gonna go today
just up with Adam listen yeah house once
again all into the Trump Tower yesterday
today I'm going to go out with my Adam
lesson yeah saw cold when you do why do
we do this why do you wear rips what
next go on to level while wearing a hat
and it looks like it says not key yeah
that's not right this is easy
oh no did yup we're going about every
house maybe a little mini appointment
for I'll show you how that you this is
about me whoo-whoo
oh my god is sunshine I understood guys
decide to get a coating as you can see
this is melanoma the two people in here
that are not living this is the medical
joke
hello yo please just focus they go let
it go I got those people were really
little bit but this is Marvin thank you
Oh finally Oh the bathroom that goes
like this really big hallway over here
the kitchen you can see all of this
right here kitchen
little bat burn the kettle come over
here this is another level wolf you come
on sleepy you know she wants to be right
looks like it the poking all the way Oh
little scream in and clean the shit I'm
ready go jump up in life I don't want to
get hot gold oh you got a smile on your
eyes like a doobie gang we just got here
to the way I was not look at this this
is crazy nas first time to see the White
House this is insane oh my god this is
crazy that's crazy
look smaller little lifeless okay do me
a I'm here right now near the White
House is Nick there visit assigned of
the layouts are only visible outside it
looks dope and it feels so good I feel
so warm I want to try to get the best
view
Whitehouse Christ the White House like
this we got it it looks so much smaller
personnel all right the first one like
the bucket Impala's so big but look how
close we get to the bucket of us love
them not you can't hop to that that's
how much you can see it that's the
closest to the whales right literally
you're Donald Trump here today or no no
like Florida a Florida I'm Lou Trump is
in Florida then I'm in a while gosh
take a picture what Chicago Chicago
Oh Chicago I never took school trips
like this and all the way outside I saw
the school trips like hope is that when
the school trip oh my god I mean it's
like people can he's always like yours
oh they're for your vision laughs what's
up man are you gone bro no good I got a
meal in there is that is art is a shake
ha ha ha
a straight guys save great glass to my
youtube channel for top secret funny
okay on it for your free time oh well
happy for guys like us I'm marrying it
what size you wear 900 sizes me yeah no
time you know you have to put you guys
guys decides I feel like you get a
variety of a nice to meet you sooner oh
sorry Vic oh my god
I hear chillin like homie you know this
guy's here take this closes door closes
heart
hi guys do not finish his picture and I
know what the week said he gets it here
for histogram see he takes a picture
whatever you wanted a you Lisa
you want to take a picture for Thank You
Paula you think it'd be convenient
everyone going
yeah I'm sorry but fresh it is I
remember when Fred Harris no need for
sufferance yes starfrit ostrich egg egg
egg dictation
thank you guys a picture dude another
picture not another one please give you
a thing this is a Secret Service man and
that ass right yeah it's so cool it's a
cool Secret Service guy so what do the
Secret Service do like they just project
they present back that's crazy that's so
cool response to the fun it seems like
fun are you
is it ever like undercover Secret
Service that's sick let's go check from
New York City New York City Queens I'm
not going for housing not on what you
have an emphasis on what should have me
why you want to do it might be trouble
come on us let's rap
economy so thank you big guys well take
thanks that was the sequence by the way
it big one three one was down there go
picture that's me it's like too big okay
to me I just came out the city room and
I fit in so many clothes and I bought me
a lot of logical because a lot of
torture takes to the not you wants to go
shopping in Washington DC
you want to go surround you want to go
to nasal here the source thing but it's
fun because I get to take you guys on
this journey when people go to Nando's
after its dual beginning I'm at the
women's section shopping and I think
this shirt right here I think it's just
really clarity body and I'm wearing it
from Zara and it's ready really really
cool and no I like this not I can't
rocky but I don't know you guys let me
know what comments below I think I could
rock you I think this is okay though
excuse me my folks do you like this
enough to me very cute I get your number
what do you like give me your number yes
how many likes on Instagram you think
I'll get with this 231 someone's you
like I told you like I get 200 like
plastered on up there Kimmy this shirt
right here you like it yes enough woman
shirt is it good enough for me to like
your stuff but is it good enough for me
to make you like steal yo girl like me
feel girls I think it's okay long mr.
silver good night so hit the studio girl
yes mister steal yo girl uh Christmasy
ogre I don't know
you never thanked you every is it a cool
is this pleases let me feel like
everything's got a cool bit you guys are
cool go on loving bizarre London they
saw our soul
there was a kill zone crazy man there
thank you so much
we got it baby hey or squeezing cold oh
my god and American Nando's thank you
guys alright hold it on a Thursday I'm
gonna tell you right now I'm an
undemanding right now honored to be
honest keep some irony whew Wow have you
had a 100 you get out to be up mouth you
get me whores anything you'll be cool
doing this right
you can go see much you can go me bye
come on come on come on yes
Oh get inside put the rice book and they
go to chips do me egg is the next
morning and we are leading back to New
York City but I am wrapping up this
slide here I hope you all enjoyed it if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey
thumbs up if you want me to do a prank
week I'm planning on doing like a really
dope frankly because I always do you
preach like every like every couple
months so I think maybe this week would
be good you have let me know thumbs up
and let me know if you guys want a prank
week by liking this video also make sure
you guys get your tickets for the USA
tour the USA tour that I'm having
literally like a month get your tickets
because I'm telling you guys not because
always like a day or two before the show
it sold out and people was relying it
like I was going to once I get that so
get your tickets just so it can be
secured so you can secure the bag alert
and Allah and yes the cities are like
New York Toronto Los Angeles montr√©al
Chicago Orlando Charlotte Minneapolis
Houston that I forget anything
Washington DC so make sure you guys get
your tickets followed you guys I get
your tickets now instead of less than
exact feel bad I feel so so bad so make
sure you get the tickets tickets and
quakes we're doing a second show because
you have sold out in a day so do a
second show tickets are out on Sunday 6
p.m. tomorrow 6 p.m. so make sure you
have good tickets for that too
other than that I'll see you guys
tomorrow you can get the tickets that
Adam solid worldwide dot-com I'll see
you guys tomorrow
take care and so baby please II know you
want to be I know you
be part of who you're gonna be don't let
anybody tell you what you wanna be
Oh baby's gonna have anything you want
from me
