the story like right here yeah ah what
hey guys what's not the Doobie hang I
hopefully having it makes me because I'm
having an amazing day you all she does
and it may be happy we're not here with
you all right
the court in trouble
Gigi really okay I know so le d√©sert we
go we love disappear I'm going to manage
it ready ready magic you a averaging
dollar you guys are going to thumbs up
this video but yes yes your lesson let
me do it have a thumbs up and they will
come up with nothing I can keep my god
right now we're in Manchester we have
the show and mesh at the sold-out show
but only thing it is a hotel the UK funk
like I don't know what just hotels we go
through but the hotels in UK but
they're really really bad like there's
no elevator
no no elevator so we have a long time
luggages to take down which is some
really really bad like we're gonna go
home I have no idea Remo the average
that will bring elevators only you can
reject them what the heck
what do you mean except thank you ready
for the magic show yes who's mentally
and you sold out
riemann think manchester is a person
book consent man
she will Manchester is a girl key by the
way I have a Barcelona I'm a Barcelona
how stood up it is okay for where Boston
off it and put mattresses I'm going to
show me
yeah I don't make sure knowing on get
angry I wearing a parcel I don't know I
like to I like to sit and everything
with this over I should have wore like a
Manchester United thing
Oh Manchester god I love feedback sing
it's alright ready so what are you doing
roll huh no people you making love is
you just not New York City to be wearing
shades outside yeah for reducing the
legend well I sometimes go what cost and
slim row excited they like me freaking
you or not movies it's like a door help
cyber am i got my peppercorn everything
is inside but like I got like the
freaking door extra connector make this
one of a kind
okay come on
oh I would even take you guys the hotel
was so trashed after that there was no
food base in the hotel so now we're
brushing our teeth on our way to the
show which is so realistic
Sara didn't Michael forgiving a
toothpaste key A to Z and the hotel
didn't have no to me at all pluggy good
yeah I'm good
here it is okay nobody better you guys
know how easy the bush know what you're
going even it was watching you if you
win out on the oh my god yeah I'm
huffing this class we must let it go for
some you disgusting blow you do do not
this you make it you just have to get
out destroy like we're here yeah ah what
oh man oh man not again it's a nice
person - hi guys
so like social security we have that
better oh my god everyone walks around
with it was like what you saw you so I
think from the home of Michael and I'm
gonna sneak the other orange wanna
present it with the one on the side no
the big one yeah yeah what's going on
what's up roses Adam balls going mommy
not easy huh yeah the people re reason
love a good day today
yeah what I got doing back babe we go
backed up we pulled out a camera they're
like wait I want your eSATA Cervenka
because pertaining that we have shorts
imitate and she hooked us up to bring in
it so thank you so much
finally got the year and person and
Louise go the messing yourself up
you're gonna see someone soon you're
gonna see someone so what is it is what
it is not ready gonna say as microphone
do you
but I will not happen out happen who you
guys to you you do me a favor to me it
was brief anything you need please I
told my vein of the channels of
strangers giving you candy
Oh
I would remember okay one hold you
before it got over the show it was a
crazy amazing so message you got show so
much love you guys got you almost blew
them up with I can't have this my boy
now that feel like button here I thought
my life you got here something that like
yes
I didn't know either said book i'ma see
you guys in the next stop we have
nothing right now this one I got the
joke gift from what car incident say
thank you so much run thank you so much
that on your old car we had a little
talk after show
thank you so much 750 seats wrong stay
happy stay positive and you should sleep
in my face - thank you so much okay do
me a right now it's like 2:00 a.m. we're
finally about the sleep I am with the
squad right here it was a successful
show everything has been a successful
show as five more shows to go we have
today's lesson with Lester right now
then after that we're going to go to
where Bradford and after Bradford is
what Birmingham Birmingham is London
London then Portsmouth saw cannot wait I
hope you guys are enjoying these tour
blocks it's going to be crazier more
let's learn how to do it there because
he ate a healthy before and he just ate
a piece of chocolate right now so he's
doing - there's probably what shows I'm
not Amish it yes he is he's doing
amateur shows London and rat for a lemon
to Bradford you can do a crazy crazy
dare so we're going to see how ago I got
Fargo oh wow I know it's a bit a
complete augment huh all right let me
see Mary to rank okay well now look at
me bro come on what you got a high bro
let's see how you I come here I got so
I'm ready to go to sleep right now it
has been a crazy crazy rough day
literally I've been I came in to be on
social media because it gets so so
hectic so busy but thank you guys so so
much for coming out
I really hope you guys enjoy the show I
really really really feel bad from us
and I was facetiming him and he's crying
so much
he's been looking around all over the
house because
mom and dad are not here I'm not usually
I'm not there so you guys mom and dad
rimas not dead so he's always looking
around for Rima and his mom and is that
so he's not looking around telling like
where the mom tells them that they're in
school they're in school and then he
keeps like even though he's two and a
half like he he's getting like he's
getting that feeling like they're not
know they left me so it's kind of sad
it's heartbreaking seriously I've seen
him cry be honest I got our FaceTime
right after like a FaceTime for a bit
because it was just I felt really really
bad for Muhsin I love you so much and I
can't always talk to you this is like so
like I feel bad it's like we left the
child alone but we would have brought
him but we couldn't because he's two and
a half and two soubise not after Asia
Rima when she started swore she was
three and things she loves it'll she
loves doing it so I don't know if muscle
actually like doing something like that
I don't know maybe in the future he'll
be coming to tours but Rima she killed
it literally she loves doing what she
does she loves meeting you guys she
loved turning up giving you guys
high-five and she loves the gifts like
the main part she comes to the shows so
again so thank you guys so so much for
today yeah other than that I just feel
really bad from us and he's just on my
mind so I wanted update you guys about
that I'm going to see you guys tomorrow
do me Ike rejoice vlog make sure you get
a thumbs up and go turkey take care and
peace I like don't baby please be who
you want to be I know your father will
be part of your your fantasy
well don't let anybody tell you once you
promise
Oh baby just gonna have to anything you
want to me
