hey guys what's up in the yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
happy
and it made it there so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should you have an
amazing happy day I have no hat on right
now I'm starting this blog because I
forgot the source of life that's us
intro and I'm heading to sleep so yeah
this is three vlogs
what's up okay who do you look at you do
it huh
what the heck would you do a good I
never see huh you sure you never miss
the best part man he's dumb fish and
chips see the other head this is that
women probably do it I would think as we
say lovely the three years ago so leave
it at all what is so nice on this big I
wanna hug you everyone here because I
know yeah yeah Bob better DJ's hardly
better than me this house DJ DJ it you
know I'm saying
yeah relationship we got peanut everyone
here is about to get crazy
hold up man was good row you guys crazy
every time I see him at a city it's a
different season
I think either in Germany or like
Belgium
you can see I was sneaking a door knock
you what did you want so much really
I'm a boxing the agreement Facebook your
mic male 1 Oh guys it doesn't look
nothing like fish either actually
I don't know I don't really have a big
like someone say like if we come with me
margin we believe ultimately doggie
 suicide you guys do is nice but
ha he did it there is a healthy enough
water they would eat me oh hell didn't
he
I'm sorry he told me to eat anything
like that's not honest or less about
happy pieces I see pieces so we do it
again see we had a promise bro yes Mike
we could say either vegetarian is
healthier
oh yeah let me do this differently don't
forget you have numbers of promise if
some eats unhealthy
you're gonna do a dare and see also
bring a fan I'll give him a big slap ah
this is a couple things outside
just dedication those were things happen
it's a lot of
okay ready he cut it
no you have a car
luckily luckily the deputies hi guys we
can't come here this has been the
realest dream we were
there's no generating blocks but we be
able to come out I haven't known three
multitude I'd never do it so this is the
city I'm showing you guys what we can do
before the bottom Acula gigolo I never
really do that mirror alcohol is your
hand up to this list do you want the
always local winner how did the show go
today okay I'm good
did you have fun yeah chilly I'm gonna
finger when my dad negative his picture
how do you know how do you know huh how
do you know because you gonna come down
with us or you don't want to sleep with
you oh I want to get you do why don't
you be like muscle doesn't want to take
pictures
the duma gang we just got done that was
so much fun literally so much fun teach
that I said homie not like him he still
trusted and working hard because he got
to go to a lot of behind the scenes he
shouted to the volunteers he shot up to
Michael Mann Michael security right Dave
I'm in he shout out to Rima he shattered
slim
it was literally everything went smooth
that's how was it compared to like any
foe we had so smooth he's smooth it was
so fun I cannot wait for the next show
I'm sure you got the signs that I got
right now someone gave a sign I am on it
light lights up like somehow it lights
up I want to electrocute myself I don't
know
in the meantime i'ma show you guys this
time it's very very unique Adam here my
biggest Idol in the whole galaxy and
Milky Way it has been my dream to meet
you
so as soon as I saw you were coming to
Glasgow I nearly burst but I wanted to
buy tickets but only bought one at a
time wasn't sure if you would flake out
what happened I was extra sure you
wouldn't your duet with swimmers lifts
your roll over ass laughter this is so
funny oh my god this is so sick 2012
2013 2014 2015
this is crazy he's gonna go to 2087 to
sell on I'm gonna be old and this is
jeez they're so good come on the remodel
got so much gifts literally leaving it's
the most Guiness email okay and you get
camera cameras and you get your most
advanced I'm training I know I give
someone a teddy bear and you got mad
why'd you get mad can you make me good
but she was a friend I'll have to give
her the teddy bear
why I needed to sleep freaking
oh I'm sorry my son well why can you get
you print this no way because I don't
know Jesus and I still better give it a
big-city back alright because I gave her
a big video
you don't want her to say to be pretty
girl - um okay oh
why you been satisfies me queen since
that ronald okay do we gank it is time
to wrap up the flag I hope you all
enjoyed life you did make sure to give
it a thumbs up and go Turkey thank you
guys so so much for coming to the u.s.
tour is going to be really fun and I
cannot wait wait for the vote trips
because how are you went on a road trip
but we really did it feel much because
it was like dark and I was so tired so
I'm a shot of film from a troll ship
tomorrow of the mouse you guys tomorrow
take care and hey King yes I think so
sir
gigs something like that I don't know
I'm getting put on UK music so I'm gonna
let you guys know I don't know cost you
guys tomorrow
I like don't baby please be who you want
to be I know your father will be part of
your eternity does only
I tell you what you found a baby oh baby
you can have anything you want amazing
