okay you want dauntless we're mothers
hey guys what's up into me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm adding
it amazingly
you all should be having an amazing
happy day is early in the morning right
now and only Dina and washing or outside
because there's only ones that don't
have school so I'm going to go and sell
them what up I'm about to bring Dina and
mustn right now i'ma show you guys how
jealous they get of each other because
usually they always had a good bond but
now like their bond is gone they hate
each other now they get so competitive
which is really bad let me show you guys
first and I'm going to try to solve this
issue because the Addams Family
we always need to be together we always
need to be one and I cannot let the
Adams family be you know jealous of each
other a competitor of each other like
that
we always got to be nice to each other
let me show you guys first because it's
funny muscles only to Deena's only three
and they're really competitive about
hugging riedesel
let me show you guys hey what are you
got in what is this go give me hug again
me like you ve単a ve単a ve単a ve単a wow
do you no good me just give me I love
you do now gimme kiss gimme kiss Villa
wow did you guys pick that did you guys
keep that Watson Unni I'll just give you
yell I'm not forgiving like Wow Martha
you're amazing I love you so much I love
you
be-because because I love you so much
you're kidding huh you shun Robin you
wanna walk
you wonder what you want to hug me why
thank you because what because Marcin
wants to go you wanna hug me okay come
on Steven did it Dean uh yeah good job
that's how you got to do it hey guys did
you peep it even you want thought one of
us
we're what us ha ha ha do me yang I am
so so sorry that you guys had to see
that right now I did not even know that
she was sick like that she drew up out
of nowhere and I'm sorry you guys had to
see something that cuz I was kind of
nasty I'm not going to show the part
where she actually developed because she
drew up a lot as she just got sent to
the hospital right now her and her mom
and I feel really really bad because
being as the most innocent little girl
and she's only 3 is also like my heart
is truly broken for so if you guys can
every single person that's watching
right now please make that for Dina pray
for dinner because I've never seen her
at this sick I've never seen it throw up
and it got me really really scared it
got me so scared to the point I didn't
want to travel to the tour because I've
never seen her like throw up like that
so please keep her in your dad's and in
your prayers I'll truly appreciate that
I'm heading to have this house right now
so I'll see you guys in the next shot
why don't you do something
how was it videos up I don't know guys
but you said let's say hi so well I'm
just funny thing mm I went on over you
know over you're not allowed to play
right because it goes to the car back so
the guy said something but a real mature
man they taught into something on the
mean was like what did it appear not
like mad fun they did appear really I
got a running fast because she thought
that a pain mommy the previous code I
didn't pay the guy huh
she thinks there's nothing to give
nothing the evasion of payment I ran
away and then the government LaRhonda
children well Kim surprising to it okay
guys I'll mochi kids haven't house to do
musically with Amanda we're doing a
musically collab
musically musically killa every person I
meet where I'm at or what is a transit
stop taking off your shirt
this is a false back lies this is a what
and false it's at a whole six-pack what
is that is that is falling six-pack you
take sag definitely felt also I came
here because I'm doing a little mini
skit video for the UK tour that only
they're gonna watch so should be good
and I cannot wait to huh nope will not
be on YouTube is only going to be on the
show
so what learning books you're going to
be in a tuba yo I got so you shout out
to my sister for making me some amazing
food I'm about to dig it for me
definitely not few guys yeah me Thomas
only from hunger nice boy how much he
needs a bigger table to me I'll try
looks like a by to deal with that I'm
what are you doing let's go Reba she's
rehearsing to go
the job
hi guys we're rehearsing right here mean
Reema are performing in front of
literally like the whole Hamza family
stop you know I heard that I got a
question - come on come on
so Jamal once where did you go -
laughing she went to a wedding - I told
me and even though so many girls shaking
him already doing tells the story
breaking news guys this is the Addams
Family News we have Jim am here is going
to tell you about the story about the
wedding that he wants to and a lot of
girls were chasing him can you tell us
how many girls are chasing you high five
how older then I over I am over where
the older than you are younger than you
yeah although they're younger oh okay I
see how it is you got the younger girl
okay I'll get up what were they doing
like why were they chasing you you're
taking your trip to take a picture oh ok
did it end up taking a picture you know
what randomly that little a purely in
your head away with bed thank you so
much I got so the funny thing happened
to my sister she wants to go by I didn't
know if I could show this with Rafa show
The Good Wife slippers right she liked
it how it looks and everything like that
and then she came back and then she
found out that these are Ivanka Trump
flip these are Donald Trump's daughters
brand so what's that so she told me
she's gonna return it because she
doesn't support Donald Trump stuff like
that so she's returning it
and yet look look out sister vodka what
a freak all right guys again having
advice to a musically collab right now
this far give me the funniest music the
clap because we're doing the song hot in
here it's getting hot
not a god save us for musically but this
one I'm not going to do it like we're
like really in fast motion we're going
to do it I mean we have to do it
that was using Highland hundreds the
last one was a mosquito for two weeks I
love you guys I love you guys
I promise and some of them will travel
somewhere else like how we did our Lendl
you got to the spot that's why I want to
go back to see spots go back to molecule
let's go back to the limits I just
posted musically with Hannah and I
posted on Instagram picture I'll see you
guys um close another look at even all
hey is it Reebok are you coming America
and I say bye
okay do me yank it is time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you'll enjoy this life
if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so so much for a little
support makes you guys go to my last
Instagram picture and leave a leave a
comment and like the picture and I'll be
following five people on
I'm also gonna leave a like I'm on
musically and a comment on my last
musically or any musically and I miss
flowering flash fever so I'm following
five people on Instagram and five people
on musically other than that I'm gonna
see you guys tomorrow I'm ready to go
tomorrow and I'll see you guys that take
care of do me young bitch like I can't
replace them but baby I'm practicing
every day for the rest of my life to be
like
