hey guys what's up to do me hang I hope
you're having an amazing me because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day today is the day
where I tell you guys my huge
announcement a secret project that I've
been working on for so long but I will
tell you guys at the end of this video
I'll give you guys first funny dope
video so please don't get now let's get
don't skip don't skip the video watch
the video enjoy it and then at the end
I'll tell you guys the secret project so
for today's video I'm going to do a try
not to smile challenge not try not to
laugh not try not to cry try not to
smile which is really really hard
because I smile a lot and I smile at
anything but this try not to smile
challenge is a musically version there's
a lot of new music leads that my family
has done especially Hunza so this is
going to be a really tough challenge
watching hamlet musically and trying not
to smile thank you guys by the way thank
you guys so so much for over a hundred
thousand followers on my musically this
is literally insane I'm a musically star
now and yeah if you guys want to follow
me Adam Sawa 93 and let's get this try
not to smile challenge video ready how
does it has over a hundred thousand
followers to my man-hands I'm trying
home Friday bro his bio is already
making me smile and making me look young
man Hamza he went from your boy hamza to
your man hamza since he turned 12 he
thinks he's a man now his at main you
see your boy and his bio says they call
me french montana adam saleh nephew i'm
already smiling so much and i haven't
even watched his know musically so i'm
gonna take away all my smiling right now
a hot smile and I can beat this
challenge oh yeah I'm gonna take away my
smiling Zanna
let me take away my lawsuit
haha hey a glass or smile anymore so
let's start off by watching houses music
especially what's the heckler
I don't want some ice on my wrist so I
do look like one of those break dancers
in Times Square New York City what the
heck is he doing yes I did a smile for
that one I'm smiling now because I
didn't smile what the heck were you
doing hums are we like wiping your nose
serious job and I'm like he pulled out a
$5 bill just like Leo when he had a five
pounder in his head and I had to give
him 50 pounds so he cannot have 5 pounds
in the 10th if we rather have a 50 pound
note in his head so I feel like how does
that purposely put a $5 bill because he
knew I was gonna watch this video and I
will offer him $100 bill so he can have
$100 bill in his musically so how does
that I'll give $100 bill so you can you
know you know give you flying that with
$100 bill you know you're part of Adam's
family you can't be seen with a $5 bill
in your head unless maybe you already
had $100 bill but you use it on food and
I have $5 that make sense
he shirt like the Divas movie shirt I'm
trying so hard not to smoke first of all
I'm surprised he had another shirt under
him second of all you didn't just take
you know last night you took an L
today - oh man go do that does it look
like I'm smelling because I can't what
the heck was that the only reason a lot
of smiling because the song says if your
chick comes close to me she ain't going
home where she posted me if it shrink
comes close to Hamza the only place
she's going to is big down I'm just
joking hands I'm just joking she's going
to Burger King with you why is it so
hard not to smile this speech is like
his face emotions are so weird
hahaha
what's that what's that what else going
on I'm saying it's like the drop top
like literally like drop top how does
the what goes through your mind one like
you do these music leads you know what I
think the interview happens it I think I
need to personally do a video just me
and Hannah and I'm just going to
interview him like personal questions
about his musically thumbs up you want
me to do that okay okay I like that okay
cool okay
how did what the heck with the point of
changing your shirts to a soccer jersey
to a basketball drew what's the point is
how many takes did it take you to do
that be honest be honest how many takes
no I'm asking that when we do our video
together I want to interview I'm asking
how many takes to take you can we got
you beat you pick up hilarious giving
things up you're here you think I speak
this is the hardest challenge of my life
and the caption says Adam this is for
you look Adam this is for you the Omega
is done watching hums as musically I
have lemon Harris right now they're
going to come we're going to little mini
challenge where they have to make me
smile all right guys still is going
first
he has 30 seconds let me take away my
limb sugar much Molly first somebody
ready set go
all right cool so if there's no way to
make Anna smile you got to pretend that
you're someone you love so had Mihrimah
yes that's cheating with her mouth
Harrison I think children with ma Leela
I'm ready sir
God rather nipple naked you can to love
you can not see him
never you know I can never forget what
it was an advice well it was my G hey
guys he tried out to nip from Toronto
Canada right the man we call the nipple
I don't make a I am done with this video
hope you guys enjoyed this video if you
did make sure you a thumbs up and go
turkey thank you guys so so much for
always giving the vlog thumbs ups always
coming through every single day and
literally showing so much love on every
single social media I truly truly
appreciate it now it's time for the
special announcement of the secret
project that I am doing so as you guys
know I told you guys I have two secret
projects you guys already know one of
them because involves Sadie James and
that was just in that first secret
project there's a lot more in that
secret project that we're going to be
doing but with the second secret project
that I was planning on announcing today
is this Wednesday right now you guys
ready this is like I need a hype
drumroll like where as I said earlier do
we hang I'm proud to announce that I am
polish and writing my own book yes yes
I'm writing well thank you we got
writing my own foot with the help of my
team the Adam sonic team I'm going to be
writing and releasing my own book in a
few months I am working on it right now
there's going to be like a whole team
helping me like you know with the
grammar helping me with the book with
the pictures of the cover everything was
the title of the book and I just
announced right now that I'm working on
a book out enough for you guys maybe
store like the title and all the details
stuff like that but this is seriously
amazing like I've always wanted to do
stuff like this ever since I was younger
I didn't just want to do like vlogs I
want to do a variety of everything like
I loved rapping so
I want to do a rock I want to be known
you know not just as like you know of
lager I want to be known as a rapper too
long have you known a guy who helped out
so many charities I want to be known as
a man who wrote a book and inspired many
many people because this book is going
to have so much details and you guys got
to be ready like our reading books I'm
only going to read a mind or campaigns
what kinds of cuisines book was sick but
yes it's only I'm having my own book and
oh my god I'm so sad I can't always see
view as more information and the other
stuff was like because other secret
products with Sadie James that can be
released around March stay tuned so
that's another big one I just want to be
someone who inspires the world and makes
other people smile not just an ordinary
vlogger I want to be doing like you know
all these tours and I am achieving
everything I have achieved like the
world tour sold-out tours and like these
charities I'm doing and the music videos
the wrapping that I'm doing the millions
of views on the songs like who'd have
ever known I'll have millions of views
I'm like a song that I would rap in and
stuff like that so this is literally
insane I cannot thank you guys enough do
me and I wouldn't be here if it wasn't
you guys thank you thank you thank you I
love you guys so so much thank you so
much and I'll see you guys on Twitter to
celebrate I'll see you guys on Twitter
I'll see you guys on Twitter Tumblr I
love you guys and thank you spread the
word and I'll see you guys tomorrow - do
me a take care and peace
I love you I like all right everybody
all right everybody don't baby please be
who you want to be I know your father
will be proud of
Hanabi so don't let anybody tell you
what you wanna be
oh baby you can have anything you want
amazing I
