because we learn more with a message
like hey guys what's up Adobe hang I
hope you'll having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so
finalizing an amazing you all should be
having an amazing happy for the first
time on earth I am earlier in taxi
driver leery right what's up early I
already got I deserve a thumbs up being
early so something I was doing it for me
being early I hope you guys are ready
for today and I was waiting cuz you know
I'm I'm an early bird
hi guys so apparently I am NOT early I
was in the wrong
taxi this was the first time where those
early I'm in the wrong tactics I got
home late
we're even I know I'm so sorry that's
what I was waiting detective out I was
like bragging of the job early dinner
I'm only FaceTime amusing the Cavazos
other than a different textbook
let's go school like a dog you know I'm
timing you know a triple attack if we're
having to wearing tennis shoes indoors I
endure endure silently Endora nor I
don't every happy sweetie oh yeah yeah
when you're indoors but it looks like
you're outdoors ready yeah we can put
you remember to me that's not like it is
one of them almost you can Washington
remember literally I don't know he's
missing elbow will be them up under him
hi guys
it's time for makeup and there's your
hot the Irish are a vlog so yeah
Lucius this is a set that we have so
gonna be dope and I cannot wait till
Michelle get a fix my hair in my makeup
so I like Purdy
most being how it is I'm like a mess
right now before makeup oh my god hi
guys we just got done with that hair and
makeup we're just waiting for like what
the second cut up ready fittings over
okay
which other take a picture in here like
a selfie this is too much oh no happen
bro huh I don't know what happened your
life there's another cool so much
natural Sun on you and it rains crazy
the beginning 3d yeah look your way Oh
what the hell Google what happens mine I
know it now wonder you got a car you got
to come in a shot here I'll see ya when
you come in a shot yeah it is hot here
they're sick man 3d 3d sources making
workers hand impossible beautiful in
every game give me paper I say what's he
look like
they've been a few funny-looking nicer
thank you very beautiful in a beautiful
1 million series what I'll do use it
we're gonna hide a brilliant beauty
today back in the day when I will die
guys know they'll do it what is it what
is it up we don't know we don't know yet
and the marker there around it around
Iran and the March I usually make a
perfect manhood I don't know
specifically said what we're doing
Tuesday and some of it a little bit of
it they probably have a clue on her hey
oh hey you know what I'm ahead of pretty
I'll be I'm always all right all right
guys we're dia
hi you know guys this thing gumbo we're
doing a dope something really really
dope you guys gonna love it and our
oldest happens close bad but it's not
even pretty but we're doing a video
right now
yeah because that's how bad people in
we're never going to be the same place
at the same time I know cuz he lives all
in Australia I live in New York and
we've been working with on it since
Australia yes before neither here the
four years so it's gonna be really
really dope and we just want you guys to
enjoy it and once it's out to just it's
gonna be insane living we won't let you
guys they'll get it change for real
because I'll show you the crazier very
crazy man I feel like Americans are
creeps Australians man you have the
while look you guys are the weirdest
stuff humiiiating it
pretty much he's done I have a shoulder
like I didn't show nothing on the vlog
of what we did I really only found an
old only snap to issue I'm sorry but
they seem like behind the scenes boat is
literally route man Jim guy I want to
say I want your huge thank you to the
homie James right here thank you brother
that's not none of this would have
happened with ami James oh thank you so
much very much love lot of David they
tell you all you guys how much Oliver is
now going to result I have a project
with you were hitting a camera lens my
decision to split it by the front of the
car was the guy collects I would look at
the lens holistically and ever thank you
both Jamie helped me out so much rose
onto a book of ship hats and you didn't
even know it's on the length leave a
footprint longer the girls on social
factors both example media I can't wait
for this in weeks I looking to guys
updated and all we're going to say is um
one day millions of million views be a
list a few guys are working on something
not three months yes but this thing's
huge
that's when you're so I think you do get
excited oh that is refresh you're gonna
be super excited I think I'm gonna
frickin retirement anyways let's break
it excited your highness Adebisi a few
days a lot of people James hi guys we're
heading back to London about train got
like cancelled because there's like a
hurricane here I don't know the UK but
we finally are getting another train
wrap the way 30 minutes here we need
James and secures our hype so there's
another train here mean James are
planning on going in there waiting and
sitting down there we go go what are all
this muscle we can open so we're going
to send in a random train we don't know
I think it's like we going to Liverpool
with this train here that's all we need
to take because it's going to London but
since we're cold on the list at least
going the first time
put it here you can watch it hey Ronnie
how do you guys have the first console
running about five bro if it closed
whatever closes he goes about whatever
closes when we get to like Liverpool
Bravo off we go likes college those are
traitors right here
hi this is pretend we're pinning
something oh you see
well what if we're good
have gone on that was going where we're
going for machine when we say going to
it well I know one way love insane
that's really why I love this ring yes
get the out of a sort of us yes
sort of guys yeah swear to God I don't
believe you the chains of it a listen
I'm not pulling your leg but the train
to get London was a good number things
to check
we a little outside we're gonna get a
little fool yeah
now is this room
now we don't tell me just say and let
them go they're gonna think we're going
to the Liverpool board actually gonna
love it let's just at least how Harrison
no matter what you guys do we're not
getting off this train
yeah that's nothing you can either come
with us I know God is running I'll be
all running down they come in us because
you guys used initials genuine quickly
Michael me know you don't
yeah you're lying you don't know these
guys are we know you told us useful not
gun usually does right well over there
that all I'm gonna do a light on Chris
makes me TP protect for a longer game of
chicken and not for a lawful basis from
allostery or anyone who is it was really
before we guitar you still got to do
that in the station
was it my boxers when I was in the
bathroom using the bathroom huh
it's just some sick of you hide a
couple like oh come on eld are you
hiding like this yeah is taking
efficiency is hiring I'm not gonna do ya
bringing ago says oh yeah
yo we go now okay I don't know that kid
he falling off someone keeps like like
ringing I do not know have no clue how
like they knock them like our doors look
like that but I don't get it because
when I saw that I was falling he was
like I'm a Ford Harris he was a hey man
I came too far away I want to meet you
guys and I was like like we told you to
come back like Jesus a far away that's
what meet you I want a picture
come on it has like like we can't we
literally look I'm in my boxes he let
her just give in a bathroom and it gets
so so annoying because just cuz if you
came as far away doesn't mean we have to
come down like we're living here like as
normal human people so I seriously don't
get it like he's still downstairs so I'm
gonna go downstairs came up on this yeah
I'm going to announce it in my box I'm
at all she's clueless so I'm going to
you know kinda crazy things we don't
know yeah this is me doesn't okay I
wasn't acquitted by me never to come
here a week later we want to I think I'm
eating right now and it gets really long
the whole thing that ring gets really
annoying but
because the other um
yeah what anyone around here no easiest
ha ha monkeys coming honestly hi guys I
just got back up upstairs it's like one
o'clock 1:30 right now that kid has been
knocking on like ringing the phone just
like 8 a.m. I had no sleep me and Stella
like I've been getting up and like
screaming like what the heck Harris
picked up the phone
he knew his Harris it seriously has been
a hectic hectic morning
I can't even freaking sleep and when I
go down right now I don't know if those
because it was more fans downstairs they
knew me when I came out and do it like
what the hell like what are you doing
excels in my boxers I don't know if they
were with that guy I don't know who they
are also I'm really confused when I went
down I don't know what's going on they
look I don't know this is like
suspicious because I don't know if it's
a threat off to Japan because the guys
are like a suit and looks like he's in
the Mafia we don't know what the fan we
don't know if it's like someone trying
to come hurt us we don't know because
we've been through a lot of stuff we're
like people come in and like try to
start issues with us and it sucks
because this is our home this is like
this is what we're my home in London
this is what I'm saying no one wants to
know where I'm staying I do not know how
but when on the phone when it's for
Paris he was like he came from 8 miles
away come down man I came 8 miles for
you man you're not going to come down
and it's like a fiddle come down we're
considered like rules we don't come down
because they're like man I came from
eight miles man come downstairs like who
told you to come from like eight miles
away to here thinking like we're going
to come down like how to meeting it
we're not wait here like some mistake
and adults Harrison's chilling like
taking a shower or like sleeping we're
all sleeping in the beginning I don't
mind you guys coming to like our like
events to like meeting us even if it's a
hotel but it's like an apartment there's
no pulse is literally no one around we
don't know like we don't know what's up
we didn't
nothing so like our garden are going to
be else we don't know what's going on so
please I warrant if this the person is
watching this please man me like I have
a lot of love you guys but I'm sorry it
got a BB so I'm so sorry but please man
just respect that pride at the end and I
was truly truly appreciate all right
guys we're finally up because the person
upstairs kept knocking but Harris got no
surprise to you guys everyone's waiting
finally do it is UK or one of the
comprises in last three hours
well not to our mouths going to be abut
your way to get your tickets up 300 Pena
pills or chrome I think any appeal calm
Michel you'll get it I want to come to
what we're trying to come through but I
might have happened I speaks out I don't
know I'm gonna have a us a two-hour time
but I want to come through because I
don't know I want to see I want to be
the homie Harris perform so yeah I was
one who is kind of for her so the other
want to go to him and yeah the guy
downstairs if you want you go go get it
go get tickets man hey okay go get
tickets we're here like without it I
don't understand that there's more fuel
downstairs but other than that that's it
with little beginner like yeah immense
blog I take care i'ma see you guys
tomorrow
and miss you gotta do like a thumbs up
and go turkey and yes
peace don't baby please be who you wanna
be
I know your father will be part of
reality does only
I tell you what you gonna be oh baby
just gonna have anything you want
someday
