one diamond a girl though I am I know
yeah okay guys what's up or do me yank I
hope y'all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day ice cream I don't
know a serial killer whatever this
predator hi guys I just got a tuber
we're in this area called Brick Lane
Road we're going to this place where
there's all cereal like you got some
breakfast now we're going to head back
and then maybe later I'll show you guys
someone and you guys I don't know going
to show you about so you guys we want to
see how it goes
you know what's a serial killer down
there my man thank you mister real
killer overlay hello everybody
that's pretty yeah what do you got this
mirror trio what the heck Hennigan and
territory think of the book it was it
got bad frozen yo I think upset imagine
just laying down they need this in New
York
well you could get the breakfast and
cereal and then you lay down a better
have I'm gonna make my own business New
York City social partners hey this is
crazy you have to make this in New York
and New York make it oh man I'm a trans
no please yes
one regular army attack went very and uh
folk will uphold not can cookie
chocolate chip cookie mountain can I get
another cup of that doesn't like me to
drink it I got my cereal busier this is
chocolate by the way alright hey this is
list
this is pretty by the way guys it's what
Cotton's birthday so what is happy
birthday to the hotel we're the same age
right now 23 years old
this makes it a grandpa Brian okay okay
go try to seal the fee was good until
okay what hit them
I know hmm not really go you got a
history
then hit serious only what cops will get
the fruity one very healthy very healthy
gotta get Ralphie's lungs so I've done
my cereal this don't eat me get real
some lay down and take him out oh man
this is lit what a bed pillows blankets
often see you guys the next night look
hi guys let's take a haircut I got ready
we all got ready we're about to go to
Starbucks see a little coffee then after
that we're going to go to junk you are
what is called junkyard golfing I'll
junkyard off and then we're going to
meet someone there we're going to see
how it goes so my going to be so we're
going to meet someone our name-change
cosmetics firm but I felt like I would
go through my hatice's I think it uh
privatize camera macchiato to shop
accessible screen camera action camera
okay so this is ice camera my quiero two
shots of espresso whipped cream extra
caramel I go what the photo booths but I
think I'm of remonstrated pictures yeah
this is the hall with a snapchat person
wipe affordable things taking pictures
go I like it footer by the way not
really nice really nice work look very
familiar
well she's being shot camera shy so now
good on a camera keep seeing the
speaking of American I thought hey what
was that huh uncle right she's gone rent
government your case you look
hi guys we're finally here about to go
songs your golf crazy bugger
we call that mythical we might be going
out but we will see how tight little
gopher good for
what the hell oh fuck fuck fuck ready
awesome you got
I've got a the second try
I'm going now i'ma get my first time
ready oh okay so what the heck is this
we doing not only does Adam cannot read
look up sorry can i redo it oh yes the
new behind us will come on
Wow ready very sorry
go baby what cuz my gosh I'm 83 Vikas
made it for he made it - who's gonna
make it won't matter
hi guys this is look at this suit decide
it called a junkyard of gold get a go
through tires and go through a car here
I don't know
it goes I don't know - Molly we got four
for the day
guys there's a round of golf where is
this slide you have to slide this with
that's a weird you go up like this
you hit the ball right here and then you
go down freakin slide
so awkward and then you try to make it
here
okay
five more I gotta win another thing if
you think it's bad look at this this is
such - my fever dream yeah just looking
cake yeah we're all different colors so
Harris just made it to hole in one solo
and now we're gonna try it on camera
he's probably not gonna make it I can
make two hole in one ready
hi guys this is the last one right here
the hit over here is the last one sue
goes in like impossible to me I'm a
trauma the six foot eight tries I'm
going for five or four bucks
let's go down a bridge 18:23 37 39 33 37
41 44 yeah hi guys I love how long time
trying to go high
I know they're jumping I'm already tired
what's up there I don't close her in
front of everyone whole solution I guess
you do put a block a little bit of blood
little ring anywhere is going to bring
us okay once I'm in a girl though I am I
know luck with your girls huh you be
would you be my partner in crime
Oh was it was it yes or no yes or no yes
yes look it'll be fun to climb all
there's 30 mm what does a more hidden
Hey
fuck you I want you Thank You outfit
anybody yet
take it over John I know Mike I'm by the
brick lane time wrong I'm under the next
connection hot dog Sun okay do me a call
back here at my apartment in London and
I just want to talk about some stuff
here the first thing I would say is that
is that I do not have a girlfriend I do
not have any girlfriend the person that
I was with today she's my crush yes I do
kind of like her and stuff like that but
it's not like confirmed of like that so
just a crush that I liked and I've
decided to bring your on to the vlogs
and another thing is that I feel really
bad because a lot of people were saying
a lot of mean stuff and just remember
that you know everyone has feelings and
everyone has Twitter these days and they
can see the tweets the Instagram so if
you kind of like really be rude to
someone they can see and they would feel
really hurt when you guys didn't like
most people don't know how that person
is personally like she's really really
nice and really sweet so when she saw
that she kind of fell down and had to be
like oh don't worry like it's okay to
put me in a position like okay but I
mean I guess it's my fault for showing
it I'm like a vlog or something like
that but er I don't know I promise you
I'm going to show you guys and I feel
like it was kind of like a wrong
decision because now she was really like
you don't want to get someone feeling
down I don't know I don't even know what
I'm saying to be honest I just I just I
don't know I had to know what's it but
yeah that was pretty much it he's just
like one of like a crushed Ellery like
and I decided to show her in his lungs
for you guys but it's all good um I'll
see you guys tomorrow and I'm gonna
announce one of the secret projects I'm
still working on to Seger projects just
because I went out
date doesn't mean I'm not working on the
two secret products that have I'm
announcing one of them on Saturday I'm
doing one of them today and another one
tomorrow and I'm still working on them
announcing one of them on Saturdays I'm
going to come out to a couple months I
can let you guys know what it is on
Saturday something really exciting
really dope so I cannot wait for you
guys to hear about it and get excited to
it
do me Aang I love you guys so much and
just know that I always got luck for you
guys and I always be there for you guys
no matter what just know that and I know
you guys always do the same with me so
sorry but I love you guys forever and
ever forever no way so I love you guys
take care of me Aang
I'll see you guys tomorrow with another
daily fluff take care and pick Ally so
baby please be who you want to be I know
your father will be Potter for your
sanity don't let anybody tell you what
you wanna be
oh baby you're gonna have to anything
you want some name
