hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day so today's video is
going to be kind of disparate I have not
posted this video for a month a month
and a half
it's supposed to be posted on my fashion
channel but I decided to post it on the
blog Channel because I feel like more
people should watch this video because I
have a good theme - and a good lesson to
it from kids - like parents I want you
guys everything I want you guys to watch
it enjoy it and my father like I've
never seen my dad breakdown like that
and like start crying but you have to
see it enjoy it give it a thumbs up and
I'll see you guys at the end of the
video what's up guys so today I wish my
older brother AIDS do it ourselves
alright and today we came up with a
video to give my that and extreme
makeover even though he doesn't need a
little yeah you know he doesn't really
need on but we're just gonna make him
look thankee he always looks fresh but
yesterday was his birthday so we decided
to go do a little shopping at his
favorite favorite place our dad he
doesn't really like to go shopping not
much later but me and Adam we love shop
with the officer he's like sneakers you
like my clothes and everything but my
daddy is just the regular stuff like
that
he's like a normal a normal hour of dad
where he wears like regular collared
shirt but today we got him a dope outfit
and we're gonna start giving it more
outfits like every week or month so we
can have more clothes even though you
hate to so much but we're going to show
him before and after we dress them up
and we will see you guys let us know if
we did a good job we did make sure you
give it a thumbs up buddy yep
hi guys my dad is right away and like
just like thermal I don't know and he's
wearing short not enough to get out
nothing
no don't take it off yet he's also
wearing shorts was like somebody wait
what are you doing it wrong what is this
siya roasting you like you my dad also
little roasted it there but it's all
good now he tonight okay I have to get
full Malone I know I don't
so what is it I can't forget about a
like that like a close
like this or Becca oh good oh wow oh
Jesus
you like it Wow
yeah I like it with Dhokla and I can add
something that I'd become a lot Heidi
could to Brooklyn babish marry a little
add a hundred that the business could
take one more after that click you been
British quick to prepare yeah all right
guys we're done with the video hope you
guys enjoyed it give a thumbs up for my
daddy I love you so much and are you
going to go on the date laughing okay
okay do me yank so that was the end of
the video if you guys enjoyed it make
sure you give it a thumbs up I just want
to say that my dad he broke down because
he used to always try to like you want
to like a man of the house like he wants
his boys because he had three girls in
his life in the beginning and every boy
he had passed away while at birth so
when he see when he saw me and my
brothers like help him out giving him
like showing so much effort it made him
like realizing wow mando I won for my
life I was dying like someone like kids
have kids like this and now it's like
now what's happening so I really hope
you guys understand like where he came
from so I really hope you guys enjoy the
video always hold up to your mom and dad
I always tell them you love them no
matter how embarrassing or awkward it
may feel always tell them you love them
tell them you love them film it and
treat it to you I want to see I want to
see your tweet something like that and
yeah I just hope you guys enjoy this
video I really wanted to give like a
good meaning to all themes too and I'm
glad that it's posted now on the vlog
Channel I'm at maybe tomorrow I'll be
showing you guys someone or introducing
to you guys someone from my past result
and this video about goodbye I take out
the Optima
I love you so much take a piece
we wanna be I know your father will be
better for your comedy don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want to me
