hey guys what's up with me dang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day I'm still in London
right now working on two secret projects
so today I'm going to give you guys a
different kind of video but it's also a
really really fun video I saw Ricky
Dillon through this video so it'll be
really interesting if I do a huge shout
out to Ricky Dillon
I'm going to tell you guys my story time
with the celebrities that I met and I'm
gonna let you guys know there were rules
they were nice they were cool we can be
straight up on it and let you guys know
every single detail so let's see how it
goes if you guys enjoy this video give
it a thumbs up Lin - so the first person
I'm going to tell you guys about its
French Montana hey you guys do not know
who's French Montana he's a really
really big rapper I'm a huge fan of his
music he is dope you guys do not know he
is Moroccan he's Moroccan from Morocco
so there was a lot of times where I had
an event in Morocco Marrakech and at the
same day and at the same place at my
event French Montana was performing also
right after the outperforming around 6
p.m. his event was around midnight I
didn't even know about this until I was
there and I was freaking out because I'm
like yo like this is French Montana man
like I focus one of the organizers in
Morocco Marrakech after finishing my
show and I was like yo like is there way
I can meet French Montana he told me he
was like you guys were already going to
meet at 10 o'clock at this dinner spot
we're like everyone was performing that
day is going to have dinner so I got
done with my whole event I start heading
to the dinner spot that French Montana
was going to be at I get there like
around 30 minutes early so I'm there
waiting the door opens up
French Montana comes out and like 30
girls come out with a little amount of
joking like 30 girls I was like what he
comes in so fast and he sits down and
then all the girls follow Oh like was
like a class like a class trip like
they're walkin I got the class trip the
girls are walking they walk in and they
sit down right next to him and right
around him and I was across and I was
just looking straight literally like the
person right there was French Montana
and I mean I was like
he was up hey I'm Adam Solly he was
really really like Fred Johnson the
human he was really really sweet me and
I will have him like a convo and I was
talking to him like I'll be all like
your Meraki indeed to be garlic and he
sort of speaking to me in Arabic he
speaks better Arabic than me
French Montana really speaks like good
Moroccan Arabic and with mean him was
talking he kept saying his famous word
which was and literally this was the
combo between me and I'm like yeah you
know I do YouTube and everything he's
that and right now what kind of videos
you do hand I'm like yeah make like you
know like comedy videos lives praise and
Wow does that though you know hey you
know what's so funny but so cool he was
so cool you're so down Earth French
Montana
thank you so much for being life and
cool thank you 2012 when I started
YouTube
I met the iCarly crew so I was in
Central Park and I was filming a video I
was dressed in my soul and Aquafina and
then I also had some stuff inside my
stomach because I'll try and make myself
like a chubby dad so I was filming at
Central Park and then I don't know where
I feel like for bikes like literally
right next to each other like right here
here here here
just just riding like the bikes right
there little bike stop and they get off
their bikes and they start taking
pictures of like the city is such a park
as I like that and I look closely and
the first part that I spotted when we're
into control I look at her I'm like I'm
like no way like what I'm like
I thought of think of this like the
first time ever I was beggarly like say
like Brandis brains Accomando she was so
nice so sweet she was telling me hey how
are you are you good and I was like oh
my god like oh my god I love you someone
I like to write and I see Sam jennette
mccurdy I look at I'm like oh my
what the heck
and then I like more to the right and I
see Fred and Gibby
okay how does it always takes off his
shirt Sam
aka Jeannette was really nice Carly aka
Miranda was really nice Gibby was nice
Freddy from icarly was actually really
weird I went up to him to say hi and he
looked at me he's like what are you
wearing like what is this and I was like
oh this is just like
traditional our clothes and you looked
at my stomach and sees that little lump
that I had where I was trying to make
like a chubby dad I swear on my life I'm
not even joking this is a true story
and this is his exact words he told me
what's that in your stomach is there a
bomb and I look at it and I'm like oh
yeah I got kind of like offended I look
at him like with flippant and then
chairman is iCarly I mean Sam and Carly
they kind of saw that I got offended and
they started speaking to me they felt to
like change the subject and I know that
they heard him and then he knew that he
like he might have said something wrong
but I was to like I was too strong for
us to even like say anything so I kinda
ignored it and I continued talking to
like Sam and Carly and then I end up
taking the pictures like with all of
them and I left I was too embarrassed to
even be like like wow like to tell them
like wow those messed up what you said
which was kind of messed up because how
are you gonna like to see that it's kind
of like a serious typical thing but
maybe it was young maybe he'd like it
slipped out he didn't know laughter that
happened I was with my nephew Yusuf and
used to even told me he's like I don't
do he said I'm like yeah he's like why
didn't you say anything like I don't
know I was like fair girl I did it go
what to say in that position but I guess
I don't know I guess like everyone does
like says stupid stuff by committee
maybe he was younger and he moved on
further but yeah overall they're really
cool other than Fred saying that around
2012 or 2013 I also met Nick Jonas he's
my favorite one the nicest person ever
is Nick Jonas he is so sweet I remember
the day and this was yesterday he was at
a park alone Lilly I saw him at the park
alone on his phone like this imagine
walking like Naaman walking and then you
look to your right and then it's just
like someone like sitting on a bench in
the park it's raining on his phone and
it's Nick Jonas literally it's Big Sean
it's not like I looked at mom like Nick
Jonas he looks up and he goes yeah
that's me he has so much swag I'm I'm
joking you like yeah that's me seems
like the most
kick you spike the muzzle oh yeah clear
eyes on Nick Jonas here
so I started bugging out of the yo Nick
Jonas like Nick Jonas is right there
Jonas looks at me going crazy and then
he tells me in like a funny way he's
like like be quiet like I was trying to
be low-key lousy all my brother now I
thought I like buggin out
I pull out my camera I thought of
vlogging with him and he was really
really sweet he was down to do a video
for a show that I had like a couple
weeks after that's how you know he was
really humble and really sweet he was
down to fill that video he does not over
the heck I am he was out to film a video
with me so that was really sweet of him
and I got to speak there for a bit
I got the vlog with every shoutout
Finnick Jonas you are the man to see one
of the most famous celebrities that I've
ever met is Nick Jonas I don't know if
you guys remember Jersey Shore the show
Jersey Shore by Matt Ronnie and Sammi
Sweetheart one time in New York City
Ronnie and Sammi Squealer there was a
couple of hours sitting down drinking my
coffee minding my own business
and I see two people come out like the
door and start walking then I look and
like Jimmy Ronnie and then Sammy was so
nice she kind of like walk towards me to
give me like oh you want to like a
picture and to come but Ronnie on the
other hand I don't know if he was having
a bad day or like that he was so like
his face looked so he looked like I
wanted to kill me and I felt so
uncomfortable because he just kept
giving me that look like like I don't
know if you see him the picture that we
took look closely in the clincher you
can see that he's really angry and then
you can see Sammi Sweetheart she was
such a sweetheart
but I kept telling say me and Ronnie
like oh I love you guys you guys so cool
you guys so dope sandy kept gives me
like convo but Ronnie on that and just
kept like yes like trying to leave and I
was like I know I'm sorry like maybe I
was giving him like I don't know I don't
like invading people's spaces like that
so I just I was just like cool because
thinkers with me I know when someone is
actually having a bad day and when
someone is actually just rude and to be
honest Ronnie he seems just really
really rude or just like or that's just
his personality like I could know what
someone's having a bad day and they're
actually really nice but Ronnie was just
like the douchebag but I don't know I
don't know the way it's like that's what
trade to me was like a douche bag shame
it was really nice Sani call me Ronnie
goodbye
I'm joking by is done with this video I
hope you guys all enjoyed this video
I'm sorry I haven't given you guys vlog
I promised these two projects that I'm
working on we're going to be really dope
into something like it's like a
milestone it's like it CV something in
my life that I'm like really going to be
proud of so I really hope you guys maybe
I'll announce make I'll announce the one
of the secret project tomorrow I don't
know you guys thumbs up if you only
release like one of the secret projects
that I'm saying it's really it's getting
really really exciting and I can always
see you guys even know a little bit of
it so thumbs up if you guys want to know
and other than that I'm going to be out
hope you guys enjoy this video I love
you guys do be getting I'm sorry I
haven't been on social media been
literally on tour it's been a hectic
tour I'm trying to relax and work on
these two projects for the next couple
days while I'm here in London I love you
guys and I'll see you guys tomorrow
Julianne take care or peace I like baby
no you want to be I know your father
will be proud of where you're gonna be
so don't let anybody tell you what you
wanna be Oh baby he's gonna have to
anything you listening
I can't replace from a baby I'll find it
be easy brother every day for the rest
of my life to be doing
because I can't
