hey guys what stop it do me yank I hope
you're having an amazing a because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day are you always
fixing your hair this would fix his hair
like 24/7 fix your hair job a little bit
office hmm a beauty right have you feels
wrong you should be like that so today
was our only day off for the Middle East
tour and me and Naz got like how many I
was asleep glad I did like 10 hours he
did a you know I did 18 hours because
the days before I had like one or two
hours seems hard to make up my sleep so
I decided to do a little video with the
homie nah is easy I don't know if nas is
familiar with music please are you
familiar with musically I think now he
is because his uh his white boy son Leo
has it musically he has like hundreds
when I say hundreds he has around
hundreds of music leads and he looks
like a small mini version of NAS not
even joking he's a clone of NAS so I
decided you know what let's watch a
couple of his music leaves and not
should reenact his own you know his own
kids musically just like him so we can
look like you know Leo in the future
doing those musically big so his
musically account name is Leo king blink
Leo king like his profile picture looks
exactly like it looks like a baby
picture of NAS it's so crazy
wow man mashallah you guys look exactly
alike this is insane he has 742 fans
which is which is pretty decent it's
pretty decent hi guys you guys ready
and whether you throw we're gonna make
it rain what are you doing here oh is it
a fun 500 that's five five okay it looks
like a little piece of it that's UK
twenty pounds I bleep up on that it's
not the smallest no friends 43 was it
five pounds my problem which is like
seven dollars either pinches Marlon he
dude he has a SpongeBob SquarePants
shirt yeah he looks just like you guys
he walks like you his movements is like
you not you have to do musically just
like that you have a five hundo let's
help enough no I will just get some
paper we're doing supply is a baby
all right guys Naz is about to reenact
his kids musically so Leo if you're
watching this this is you in around what
20 years ready set oh the money like
this yeah yeah ready that was too funny
I but this one this is another one this
is Cana rated-r Leo I'm so sorry I'm not
sitting on you Naz I have a show not
that have you seen it have you seen this
one this one to the left
no all right not Leo Leo I'm sorry I
have to show it because this is fuck me
okay I feel like I feel like I'm a
snitch right now I already here you go
watch out little bitch please don't get
well start is mad because I'm getting
pitch I'm still driving your girls -
bubble Cheney told my Liggett
what you want to be a rapper when you
grow up you chose my dick watch a little
bit what you feel I'm seeing again I'm
not gonna show you can't one with that
night I promise you you won't get him in
trouble let me just again he had the
five pound note it's like he never used
that five pound note it's always with
him in his hand he always got that five
pound note I'm a coma sketch phone nope
don't comes in per se see you next time
do this give him a fifty pound note all
right we're gonna change this five pound
note Leo I got you he's gonna give you a
50 pound know your bundle a lot how he
plays every let yo you don't miss it
because he always got that same five
pound note we got you cuz now it's gonna
give you 50 pound note and our me give
you 50 pound note so you can you know
keep it up yes or yes
we both get on the Pala note what it's
fine but your man humza leo
yes Leo just did a freakin musically
inspired by I was inspired by how's that
what the heck let's watch it close our
Leo if you're inspired by Hammonds are
you not supposed to change your clothes
supposed to take off your shirt that's
what happens that does man is it Niall
in any one of them yeah
no don't say that don't say that us no
nice and winded up this watching and is
innocently there like Leo what are you
making tonight I do not but you know
crazy I haven't seen some of these
videos well has this world come to
musically taking over the little kid
community what the heck what the heck
man died yes why why Billy we're gonna
play soccer
by feeling working he did that one
pretty good no one was you got a thumbs
up for that thumbs-up Salil thumbs up a
bad boy Leo a blessing your nickname bad
boy and Leo stop encouraging him I'm not
encouraging us his thing he's little bad
boy bad boy Leo huh not no way Madison
is not that he may be been anybody that
would not suit abusing me he tried to
hide it for me the whole time he was
hiding it from me he's like he never
done a music I didn't I didn't I didn't
um mouse video though you still into it
I'll just go supposed to Lucy doesn't
feeling that I'm going oh my god on me
oh my god now there's like there I
didn't know I don't know what it was you
just grunts me off you make me a video
on ourselves alright cool story guys so
you had to witness that
now you do music Lee's mom bro get out
get out dog get out of the freaking
hotel get out
I shouldn't be talking anyways I do I do
miss you do musically alright guys
introducing your new musically stars
Adam solid ed nas easy
alright guys me nas about do music with
your first sound together I know we're
gonna get roasted but it's all good it's
fun we're gonna show you guys how to do
a correct musically so kids if you're
watching this I want to show you guys
how to do the right
musically you pick give it husband Zane
inducing song why is it with you insane
man you don't like Zane every time every
time we're in the car Zane Zane J I'm so
fed up of you up saying he's the best
singer in the world
okay so Mena's you're gonna do the dual
like me song the one that goes oh oh ah
8 10 the funny thing is I've never ever
in my life seen oz dance my musical ease
Adam solid 93 Fowler musically because
I'm the next musically star if you guys
like it I'm gonna be the next music
least I'm gonna keep doing musical ease
me nuts we're so trying to think how to
do it it was someone have what we call
um I'm really yes sir burn asleep in
Lund he's gotta wake anyone up in the
world just just for a bloke
yeah bring them down so they can hold
this we could get it go musically for
the vlog it's only 5 a.m. now why don't
you do I record you know but you don't
record you get
no this is different hi guys nice just
agreed no it didn't do the Music Academy
alright guys I'm a teaching us how to do
musically for my musical I'm gonna post
your site ready so we're gonna do the
laps one laps one it means you have to
go really slow so when you hear who is
gonna go
ooh-ooh-ah-ah so once it's posted it's
gonna be fast
oh you soon as it starts off like this
whip then she can't whip like me so you
go bet you can't whip like me after that
it's really rock this is merely rock
Midwife get milliwatt one two one two
like you're smacking the but one school
smack it at least boom boom that's
enough when you do the work to move it
like top you got a hit you gotta hit
though ready set go
bet you can't wait black me get Milly
right like me can't sexy walk like me
sex your new sexual but that's not
fuckin section II do a sexy walk you
look disgusting
come on so I don't do no sex before I
walk I this is the sexy walk something
like this heavy Tommy's like the paps in
a sexy walk you hit the Quan this is the
Quantico is the quant hey yeah he just
got it hey hey yeah like you're Michael
Phelps women like you suck hey hit the
Quan hit the Quan after the Qantas but
you can't drop like me single that you
getting dropped like me yeah drop like
yeah then hit the folks pump yeah no hit
the folks Oh what not already very good
slow motion one yeah yeah ready yeah
love
Darrin do it wait
and you can't walk right I didn't hear
the whip it says bet you can't I'll tell
you obviously a letter
videos ready go slow so funny check your
hobbies XO slowest slow hit the Quan
like you saw me maybe some stuff fuck
slow slow slow I hit the fuckin the
folks all seconds yeah bro yo what it
was boom boom
yeah oh I'm posting it a posting right
now nothing but to get he's allowed to
get roasted in 20 seconds
all right guys we're done with this
video hope you guys enjoyed it if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go turkey it was a fun fun video
heat shoutout to Leo King bling makes
you guys checking my musically Leo King
bling thumbs up to you if you guys know
any like music leads that you want me to
react to let me know on my Twitter than
that I'll see you guys tomorrow do me
gang and Abu Dhabi and then Dubai for
the biggest music festival that I'll be
in and yeah see you guys tomorrow
take care and thanks I like so baby
please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody
Oh baby you can have anything you
