thank you our welcoming in Amanda this
pleasure to have you here in a man and
we are really welcoming to no matter if
you are Muslim or not as long as you are
human we are dealing with you as a human
hi guys I'm here in Muscat Oman not and
all my home on tourism say what's up
how's it going he gave us a great great
welcome here we have also Maryam really
high which she scared me so I have no I
will go for the radius of wind sound
like I thought oh that's good it's
called hunter Honda is really worth you
know what when we have you know and we
do another after all it looks nice when
you just see it on a much starts its
radio into you with the homie Chris
Chris hello how's it going good we'll
come on overhead Animas no no no yes
you're from a country okay you're from
one of the few countries that is only
one country represents that letter why
yeah but not to be a resume it they'll
ask you a question women named me to
other countries in the region where
there's just one country representing
that letter 300 Mon yeah very cool
villages are all just one country it's
really not in that letter of the
alphabet
okay so let me give you guys a little
update I supposed to go to the mall city
center mall here in Muscat a man after
my radio interview i snapchatted little
just a couple hours before but then a
lot of people ended up showing up and
the city centers found out and they got
a touch about promoters and they told my
promoters can you please to add them not
to come because it's going to get a
little hectic like last time where the
police have to take me so I agreed also
you know what I saw good come through my
hotel downstairs in the library so I can
give away a couple tickets to you guys
and I can give away giving away a hoodie
and give it away three bandanas right
here one my face three my favorite
bandanas which is d3 I wanted to give
something back to you guys rushing in
automatically you guys show so much love
and especially that I'm on air is
sponsoring this whole Middle East tour
so I wanted to show a lot of love back
to you guys and I cannot wait to see you
got to do me and look if we got to show
you guys well let's step food this is
food and sounds like a sweet but look
what they did oh man this is my blog
that I posted yesterday and they have it
already with like it may give us a lot
of desserts that not already eight years
of dessert absolutely this is crazy man
thank you guys thank you very much club
you guys are so welcoming and you guys
are so so nice the nicest people ever or
Muscat Oman they're so so nice and
what's crazy is that are very similar to
Yemeni people like the people with Yemen
because they eat they wear this thing
called con jet and we wear is called
Gambia gem via so it's really similar
also Yemen is the only country with the
letter Y and a man is the only country
with the letter O which is so sick
that's the only country so that oh and
Yemen is only country with the letter Y
no fax no factor
Duma gank now you guys know what I mean
and why I didn't go to city centre mall
but we gave away a lot of tickets over
there again with all the bandanas I have
a game with the hoodie I'm going to the
show literally like in 1020 minutes I
still see some of you guys here look
there's like oh wait it's to you guys
right there walking but you guys can't
see me because the window tint says but
so funny because I can see you guys I
can see everything you guys like do but
you guys can't see me so you know same
to you guys
so do me again if you have the real FBI
work you had a dig deeper into the
tinted windows where you can see me and
not like what are they doing what is
wrong I'll go down at me use paint
measure yeah
are you madrid spanner buffalo ah do you
have a dream when I was longer they're
gonna give us a tour here and the grand
Millennium Hotel would shut open in
Muscat Oman around ten eleven months ago
it is the best it's the best hotel in
Muslim city Korea health Muscat hi guys
we have a tennis court here that is a
Korean culture not so every time it's
normal I'm a common boxes and I'm gonna
be the Rena Williams ha ha this is
tennis court in the roof we're going to
the school right now system n school
it's two separate pool the ladies pool
and a mint fool anybody doing the med
school
who did porn they're going to see it the
rooftop Wow oh that isn't what now as we
come out of here
Wow look this is this right side but I
have to be tough that I woulda stopped
strange that I thought was like you
could walk you wow this is assumed
Brooke was a grandma that's a gun one
which where is it does it blow the gold
punished so deterring grandmas no mafia
the coach line will be choked my stuff
is just on the right side
maybe was chilling dubbing a fool ah
that's before Allah Marat Marat Samaras
beautiful and then which one is the
beats over there
yeah yeah or the whole beachside is it
here
hi guys oh my god I'm going to the pool
guys in the skin
oh my wow this is you
only that stars this leaves me not all
of us we are like all you have to sleep
I'm ready like I got to give my best to
show everything show we're going in
right now they show a month off on mine
I heard you guys are like in waiting so
long the hardest thing I was going
through her comments awful goodness why
I can't even like I came and open the
right get ready
hi Reba hi Dean what's up resuming EXO I
just got back to my hometown is the
hectic crazy crazy day I am so so tired
I've had three shows in the past four
days but happy to let everything has
been going crazy and amazing I wasn't
really going to speak about this by
decided I'll speak a little bit on it
and say my thoughts on Muslim been in
America since I am originally like my
parents are from Yemen and Yemen is one
of the countries that is not allowed and
one of my cousin who came to America on
the day those countries were banned she
wasn't allowed to she was sent back
straight to Yemen because the rule
happened 30 minutes before she landed if
she would have landed 30 minutes after
she would have been accepted in America
but since she landed 30 minutes after
the whole rule was signed she was not
allowed in America and it gets me so mad
because she's so innocent she's coming
to see her husband and she's not doing
nothing bad as an American Arab American
I'm really really ashamed I never knew
when a million years something like this
would happen I feel like this time is
going backwards instead of the time is
going forward because of 2016 it was it
was a pretty pretty good year the 2017
just started off upside down and I
really hope and I'm praying for everyone
out there to speak up and I'm really
happy that a lot of people are speaking
up even a lot of people who aren't even
looking are speaking up thank you guys
so much for speaking up and just
remember that you guys are the voice my
family my whole family is scared for me
to go back to America well they know
that nothing will happen because I have
an American passport is born and raised
in America but they're just really
scared because they know that Yemen is
one of the countries so my family is
telling me don't even go back to America
and so like a monitor to go to Nana's
house I go in Nana's house I ain't
scared of no one nobody but a love so
I'm going to America whenever I was
supposed to go back I know everything
will be good I have positive intentions
so inshallah everything goes well when I
go back and I really hope you guys can
pray for my cousin
who got sent back to Yemen doesn't that
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I like babies leaving we want to
be I know your father will be part of or
you're gonna be don't let anybody tell
you what you wanna be
Oh baby just gonna have anything you
want some me
