I finally got to meet up last time
here's the bra they can take on what's
offered to me Hank I hope you are having
a nice day because I'm having an amazing
day so if I'm adding amazing
you all should be having an amazing
happy 20 screaming aussolas J'Accuse it
out soul of a doom again we're heading
to Radford another so that show since
we've been living like in this band
we've been living in a hotel and it's
been crazy crazy but so fun and so
exciting I cannot wait for today's I'm
you're crazy turn up your readiness oh
yeah Josh is everything okay
are you ready yeah you're gonna stay
like that yeah people tell them who's
gonna be out at our show and 3-matic
participate oh she got it right I
thought my choice will be your mother do
your mother and mother
yep
they're regular yeah this Caravan is
kill it kill so dunya will Leone and
probably the little sense of stuff oh so
cute rear of your life they might be
coming through the brass the show and
I'm so nervous I don't know like I'm
really really nervous because like I
don't know still a bit of everybody
nervous yeah he was never nervous he's
never nervous
he's been performing since she was three
years old that's insane Remo
that's insane girl yes start that hi
guys right now I'm with Oh cost but it
will cause it is become Sonia and Willie
okay what I finally got to meet them
last time I gave two brats were also
looking for community them and I'm going
I'm so nervous I don't know why like I
feel like I'm plated like shake it love
you guys you know so so sweet okay sound
like a minute fellas on sake well yeah
I'm uh you guys never come to New York
let me know Bradford with though I don't
know what like what there is to be a
friend if you can go because of them
haha well New York address come to New
York let me know I'll show you guys the
best thing pop rocks before be shisha
t-shirt test Asia boo and unguent right
welcome to earth
I don't know not New York
I'm never good story but you guys in the
next shot what's up with do me yang so
right now I'm at my hotel in Birmingham
I just got done with the show in
Bradford it was an amazing so that show
thank you guys so so much for coming
through I did not get to vlog all of the
show because I did not really vlog after
because I was so nervous the whole time
so instead of me vlogging i'ma tell you
guys a little story time of how you know
juelia's duniya came with our Zayn Malik
sisters and this is like I don't know
it's crazy because I'm a huge fan of
Zayn Malik I'm never usually nervous I
know really nervous meeting anyone bout
was really nervous for some reason I
don't know why I don't know I don't know
I don't know so this laughing I think a
couple years ago I came to Bradford the
show they're supposed to come but I
think they couldn't make it so this was
here 2017 and I finally got to meet them
we've been following each other on
social media for like a couple years and
it finally happened today it was
literally so it was so embarrassing
because they came I thought they're
going to take a little longer to come
came like randomly like divita she was
Adam you got some guests and they came
out her elbow I was even ready like I
was about to get ready and like fix
myself up put on some Cologne and stuff
but they came out of nowhere so like
it's like someone running in on you
while you're like in the bathroom that's
what pretty much happened I was about to
get ready fix myself up and then DJ it's
brought them now like what did he do is
like I'm not even like ready so I was
like a salon comfortable oh hi how's it
going how are you that I was just like I
didn't know what to say but they were
really really sweet
they're really really nice huge shout
out to Aaliyah and junior you guys were
so sweet you guys are so sweet so down
earth and we'll Lea I want to say is
mashallah that's all the things about
solid because like I'm a shoes really
like something about her that was like
wifey material so believe it well -
almost leave come on
but yeah the show went amazing Bradford
you guys were so loud you guys turned it
up and I really hope you guys enjoyed
the show tomorrow we're doing Birmingham
and then London and then Portsmouth and
then we are finally done and I want to
just take the time right now to just
thank you guys every single one of you
guys for watching this right now thank
you guys from the bottom of my heart for
everything that you guys always do
literally thank you so much there's not
much youtubers have like a dedicated
fanbase and there's not much youtubers
who even do tours in like places I do
I'd move towards I like doing tours in
places that no one ever goes to like
someone told me when I want to don't
have any degree the beheading show and
all the shows that I had in Middle East
people were telling me like no youtuber
ever comes you're the only one that
always comes and it means a lot and that
that's as far and because no one ever I
noticed they don't ever come to like
cities like that those just comes like a
main city like Dubai London New York but
I wanted to go to like cities that were
you guys it was asking like beheading oh
man so many places uh literally so many
places Malaysia Indonesia so many places
that not much youtubers really go there
so I would say thank you guys so much
for like bringing me where I am today I
truly appreciate every single one you
guys I know I may not get back to like
every single on you guys but I always
want to show so much love to all of you
guys do me and you guys
it seriously make me so happy thank you
guys for saving my life saving my
family's life I love you from the bottom
of my heart I'm sorry to sound so cheesy
but it's been one hell of a ride it's
really saying little I'm 23 years old
and like imagining for way back when I
was 18 years old I would have never ever
thought I would be in this position like
like literally inspiring a lot of you
guys but I guess everything happens for
a reason what I went through when I was
younger what I went through throughout
my whole life was written I guess from
God from a lot to be doing this so I
really hope I inspire you guys make you
guys smell anything I really hope I can
brighten up your days or make you guys
forget about whatever stress you had
because that's that's what I'll do it
for I do it for you guys to forget about
any stress you guys have and to be
smiling and if I do have ever made you a
smile or something obviously every
single when you add giving this video a
thumbs up so thumbs up or I'll feel bad
I didn't make you guys that's pretty
much it once again I'm so sorry did he
get to vlog much they're watching me
like literally backstage staring at me
that was the most nerve-wracking thing
like they're right there looking at me
performing so I was like a lot of
performing I could see them from the
corner of my eye and I'm like oh my god
like I'm like don't slip at them don't
go to the stupid total of the ratchet
but it went well and when great hunters
I'm just happy it went well and was it
like nothing embarrassing other than DJ
bring them in while not ready and not
put on no secret cologne no nothing so
Willie a vignette probably smelled me
I'm like but but it's all good in the
hood I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow
with me hang thank you guys so much for
elephant support and truly means the
world and I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care or peace I love you baby
please we want to be I know your father
will be battle for your fantasy
don't let anybody tell you once you're
gonna be Oh baby you can have anything
you want some anything
