hey guys what's up and do me gank I hope
you are having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so up we're
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy hey how are you
my son are you doing I didn't say how
old you are I said how are you are you
good yeah you're gonna beat him up
come on show show how you do it come on
let's see yeah come on mom's in here
wait up yeah okay sighs trash dumaguete
I see you a lot of you guys what Wow I
have a fight yeah what do you mean a
fight with him fight who who do you me
to fight yeah oh you might fight him you
sure yeah yeah but I'll beat his butt
know me to beat his butt
yeah yes do me gang oh my god this kid
comes every way there is a lot to talk
about today I'm uh I literally woke up
so sore so beat what happened ignore him
I woke up so so sore today from sparring
of a fighting back feels so so good
there's a lot going on about the I think
he aside just uploaded videos watching
half of it um so I guess I'm gonna react
to it because this whole like this whole
issue going on where he might fight
Logan Paul for me you had what you had a
toothbrush
so yeah let's see let's see what's up I
don't mind anything so let's see it hey
my camera hey hey what's up with you huh
huh
you're gonna get the phone and do what
Iggy what you're gonna call what are you
gonna call you crush speak to you
question specie question you love you a
crush you want to marry her
what's her name crash no what's her name
what's your questions name huh
what have a to bus oh my god do it's
crazy muffin
when you go and be careful okay be
careful
well never mind oh whoa it is like glass
okay I'm Austin you know loud crack who
did that
San Remo Oh what about you okay doobie
gang if you guys do not know Muhsin he
is really really sick he always
interrupts me when I'm bloody what do
you want you got stronger you gonna beat
up kiss I like this but I do beginning
there's some pillbot out here my nose
where the guy punched me yesterday man
what's wrong with you my G I'm just
gonna but I do mean I got model we have
some P o box stuff to have I haven't
even checked I haven't checked the pill
box for a while I will check it tomorrow
but let's open up one thing before we
react to kiss I am uh let's do it it
says on camera please pull the waiter
area because last time we opened up
something the freaking blew up in a one
on my son's face so let's make sure
hello you careful be careful okay I
think it's a drawing ready
Wow look at this and this is Adam in
English hello wait what's a note though
let's see who's it from
hey can you know how to read it pretty
good what are you saying this is from
Aubree Rivera ivory Rivera thank you so
so much for this I'm gonna hang it up
inside my office my office is still in
the process right now there's so much
going on
so guys so she put she gave me pictures
of her of herself inside what are you
saying
that's not my go foe do you say I'm bro
huh stop spreading rumors but I'll
breathe thank you so much to us I
appreciate it I'm gonna read you a
letter right after this stop spreading
rumors is what little kids do you just
said he's gonna go to that my mama have
a girlfriend thing is she would actually
believe him like she'll believe it three
Oh instead of me man what's wrong with
you huh what's wrong with you huh huh hi
guys we got something else we're gonna
open it up right now we have a lot
seriously thank you guys
shout out to do me eggs every single one
of my real body dies you guys haven't
showing so much love hey Gooch literally
I love any fan art that I have anything
I'm gonna hang it up inside the office
they also drew write that hey this is
from Natalie Natalie thank you so much
for these drawings I appreciate it so
much sissy thank you guys shallots all
my real ones I appreciate you guys is
there anything else left and this right
here hi guys I'm gonna break the news to
muss and overhear what happened hey
don't leave yeah I got to break the news
to you I know you're laughing huh guys
I'm gonna have a serious talk with
Mawson right now I'm gonna break the
news to him and telling him that I'll be
fighting on YouTube so let's see what he
says alright boss here we go wake up I
need to tell you something it's
important all right guys I'm about to
break the new samurai are you ready yes
all right Muhsin
I might be having a really big fight
know what even know can't pay my gonna
tell my mom or just tell my mom go tell
her matter of fact mommy's really
against it don't relax budgie are you
serious a sissy snitchin like that let's
do it as serious muffin you want to put
him yeah you think you could take him on
hey no snitching Margie what are you
doing my God he's gonna go crazy oh my
god he's coming let's watch the video
come on guys yes okay the first thing he
said um it's his decision he's right
he's right he's 100% right it's his
decision he can decide and whoever he
wants to fight either Logan or whoever
is in the votes in the poll me so it
doesn't matter that's true that's his
decision I'm not gonna force anyone to
decide alright so I'm on yeah it's up to
we can decide your good side whatever
you want and I know right now he's gonna
say it's a it's more of a challenge
Logan Paul is bigger stronger he is he
is and I genuinely think Logan Paul will
beat the crap out of you Kay so I
genuinely think he'll beat you up but
let's continue on watching the video
let's do it
yes he's taller than me I guess bigger
than me he's got longer reach and he's
had some previous flying experience so
it doesn't look good for me I'm fucking
up for the challenge you're lying I'm
gonna pool a lot before wrong that's all
I'm saying
I know I'm sorry I'm gonna suck but I
get Adam solids more guaranteed because
again
Logan's team not the easiest to work
with I'm meticulous
Adam Salah does know how to box oh it's
gonna be okay okay do me yank so the
main question that everyone is asking
especially to me everyone's saying are
you fighting ksi are you fighting as
high as I said I'm ah it's his decision
he'd gets decide whatever he wants if he
wants to choose Logan Paul and and do
the the money fight he can do that he
can do the logan paul into the money
fight if he wants to choose me and do
the x retaining challenging fight then
then he can do me it'll be a challenge
for me too because just like he said
Logan Paul is bigger than him and Kay
side is bigger than me so it'll be a
challenge for me also but um ksi is up
to you you can decide but just know that
I'm here and Logan Paul and and you it
just seems like now it's all about you
know the money the hype around and if
like that if you want a real fight if
you want to fight me if you want to have
a challenge I'm right here so I don't I
don't know what to say what else to say
I'm just gonna just do me continue on
doing me I don't know I don't know what
I'll say because this whole thing is
confusing but and I've seen that you um
you're predicting you wanted to do some
some under cards these are my my under
cards that I think will be a great great
fight
I think Yusef fouseytube and Vitali
would be an amazing amazing fight I
think also I don't know if you've heard
the money kicks and Benjamin kicks would
be an amazing amazing fight
keemstar and scarce will be another
amazing fight so I'm yeah if you want to
take me on I'm here whenever you want
you can fight Logan if you do file
just know you are also gonna take in
hell from Logan so yeah as of now me and
Yusef mean foods too we even guessed it
that they're gonna fight you know Logan
poor case sign because it does make
sense they're gonna have it is the
bigger fight and everything and to be
honest I would love to watch I would
love to watch that fight too because
yeah Logan he seems like a freakin
monster he's confident he's not cocky
like ksi ksi you talk so much crap and
if you do choose me because I was
winning the polls I'm here and I'm not
gonna say anything else I'm just gonna
sit down play some video games watch
some TV drink some tea because today is
a crappy day in New York City so do me
gang imma yeah that's that's what it is
we don't know nothing yet we have to
wait until March 18 so March 18 will be
the day everyone will know everything
just know that I'm ready just know that
I'm relaxing right now I'm chillin I'm
with the family and I'm uh when I've
heard it the day whatever I know it's
confirmed or anything I'm ready to start
training and start being kill King as of
now I'm still atom solid the whole video
gonna spoke it Sam Solly you decide
whatever you want um being the nice and
so you decided whatever you want but
just to know I was leaving the polls and
I'm and I'm right here so yeah okay huh
is this making me sleep we have to do me
if you guys enjoy the video make sure
you give a thumbs up and go turkey makes
you guys subscribe put you notifications
on I'll see you guys thumbs up and
subscribe tomorrow will be a much much
better vlog today was just the chill day
because I had the crazy fight yesterday
if you guys haven't watched it make sure
you guys go check it out how to crazy
boxing match
Kumi game I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace I love you I love
you know I love you I love you guys
