hey guys what's up a new me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so if we're
having an amazing day super happy day
hey meat will cost slim Rima everyone
we're about to head to Glasgow but the
thing is they're going by car which is
like a seven hour drive from London well
near London and I'm going by plane I
chose to go by plane because rimas going
by plane and I don't want her like Reema
my family didn't really take flights
like that so I'm going to go on the play
with them and plus I'm trying to go on
on a seven-hour journey that's a little
a big car you guys are buck it up I'm
gonna see your vlog on your journey and
then you guys can see my journey - yeah
I feel bad for cos because he stuck with
slim for seven hours in a car but we
should give him ESA ha you have to see
this on this what is it Oh No thank you
like split up who's that don't you look
alike if you agree with my guys when the
guys go that's our first show but I have
a couple hours to hang out with so I
might go for the malls Rima and her dad
and mom so we're gonna chill for a bit
they get ahead right not because I got a
long long journey we out and I see that
in their next shop all right guys we
have the homie Michael right here
Michael say what up man
well Michael what up you come with us at
the holy sword well I better get lit
much more grown men gonna kill it
because I hope you dad's not taking I
Drive bro y'all saying cuz I rode you
know I'm taking the flight but it's
freezing outside look what I'm wearing
leave this because I'm a lifeguard you
know what I'll say it I'm the lights on
let me show you guys the tour buses that
we have it's a huge Mercedes
then he shot up the Mercedes Rebecca
we're hooking it up they hooked us up
like this this is the first one right
here this is dope man this is sick I'm
sneaking in pillows and blankets in here
fucking knockout there's another one
right here because Reema and her family
so give me two big Mercedes one gray one
and one huge black one oh hi everybody
else I'm ready Freddy's
and ready oh my god cuz we got the other
microwave Michael say without men so it
was good you always got adult
distraction son I know right yeah it's
going to be huge E squad we have a lot
more people coming through so it's gonna
be nice
I cannot wait it's freezing cold I don't
know why I'm where I have no clue why
I'm doing this fly
I can wear it what is this oh wow right
knocking yo I don't know what this is
mine come on we're going to the mall
they already left the Glasgow you have a
70 hour drive hahahaha we're chillin we
went there we kill it right here
oh my God look how small this voted you
king of such small roles how does a -
wait what's the answer this is how it is
the train is so small and act like like
that what oh they have like a little
thing stop that and then you go that's
crazy
look hi guys we're in the mall right now
we're having Nando's and ordering and
Allah was the hardest thing especially
when I don't have not not like get the
black card he knows a Thor ordered me my
brother we had no clue I'm like I got a
chicken sandwich is like being chicken
burger that I'm like oh yeah what side
order do you want like a price if you
mean shit I'm like yeah I'm not gonna
get cheese on the chicken burger the
hill they look at a cheesy one cheddar
cheese or Helene me too I'm like you
need to put regular like American cheese
seems like a shudder oh my leg I'm like
I don't notice or what I really focus
complicated and so hard but all the
green anoles baby ready
we must live Dragan so don not a lot of
disorder you know 20 Reema doesn't think
we're in the UK she thinks the UK is the
stage and a mic and like having people
in the self she thinks the show is UK
she's telling me earlier
Anna when are we going to go to the UK
I'm like we are mucus like long
as before like that shows Gary must get
it right I mean okay
I don't know what you just said but I'm
home guys I got me a man those chickens
balance you know what you got
yep chicken chips I don't know hungry no
it's not shit he said you just got done
eating Nando's it was amazing
so good it was a promise of truth what
is this a 15 foot back here see what
this is awesome girl host
hi guys about to go to the spot called
the Galleria and not showed me this oh
it's real couple years back so I'm
taking on a British layout Remo was
watching the whole night think whatever
he might catch me she's been watching it
all night what does that mean I know
right and you can't happen what happens
if you put
what I never knew that's okay
what mess which I did it
oh hey surprise
- Martha
the game so glad to play regular yeah
think of a shoe
taking off my easy it looks like I have
no socks on but I do have sucks you can
see it right there
my socks are right there these are my
thumb I'm in the UK nobody's gonna take
it the New York City pension a selfie
your new face is ready please
Miriam already left the playground at
the Galleria we played a hung out and
now me hey Reba we're heading to Glasgow
it's only like an hour like a 40-minute
flight let's see who makes the first up
or slim nods and what cost and other
homework so we're going to see how we go
read Rima where we weren't sitting on of
each other in the first flight with this
one we are sitting next to each other
the Rima just uh connects to me we're at
the airport we're ready to go and around
an hour
rimas got security checks I didn't get
security SEC she has to go in which is
it hands up what else is it Chad the boy
hands up tickle the shoe it's kinda like
it was like I was looking at the scale
Ziggy theories like checking a
five-year-old they're going so hard I
checked the little girl check a little
girl I'm like I'm like the guy we saw in
the care just kept on moving because
we're headed in Glasgow
I have a UK tour to get to ready cashing
out on half my name just definitely it's
carefully here
can update equations a great variable
measure look she got thicker at
something stick ended up Emily my clear
I will go out there we go one way order
to do it
love get listen
zoomy gang I just got to Glasgow
Scotland and I did not get no sleep
liver the only people had without the
airport that's why I did not even vlog
when I was at the airport with Rima
father tell you this I never ever
sitting down next ARIMA ever again
Rima is literally like she talks so much
I'll try to sleep looks at me is like
hasn't look as I'm looking I'm like
what's gonna happen look like what I
woke up I was like look does it clouds
I'm like a cloud like what the heck I'm
trying to go sleeping on Showtime it has
a look and look I'm like what Remo which
is like touch the windows like it's
closed it's called I'm like oh my god
how do we got no sleep I was so
exhausted I got him and I got the hotel
and I finally got like a little bit of
sleep I still got no sleep but do be
hanging I am ready for today it's about
to get crazy you got ready UK surgery is
really rare by the way they came before
us because my flight was delayed once
again it's an hour delay flight you guys
came before us it was like a razor we're
supposed to come earlier yeah a long
long trip man how was it how long was it
was pretty nice but you're eight hours
or eight hours later oh yeah that's what
took the flight and put some real but to
be honest but we took the flight look
look up at you guys how Holmes
they are not like the airport was in our
way that's one hour all right we have to
wait two hours right
and it was delayed by an hour so that's
three hour wait so so far three hours
are wasted an hour is really wasted from
the journey to the airport a four hours
ready the fly is an hour and 20 minutes
that's 35 hours of 20 minutes wake your
baggage claim is like another 30 minutes
that's almost six hours and then we take
a taxi to the hotel
that's another 20-30 minutes where this
kid has no idea what Matthew's doing bro
I think I think so they're not though I
dream at all those things up that's just
you know it's like mm ass who knows math
isolated mathematician I'm you stupid
how it is actually messing with
chaiwallah it's great I want like the
state map for multiplication or some
sort of two one seriously in sixth grade
I want like to smash a competition and I
want like all they gave it was like a
basketball and a full bow give me any of
you still bitter enough I'll lose but 15
seconds or 15 seconds anymore to be
better at it
what 50 seconds I'm calm down right so
to say really are you ready for this
yeah somebody 18 x 3 780 tomorrow
to 4.80 626 no I find it look at upper
country no frigging way I think thousand
seven six eight hundred v 1z to get ya
wanted so under then you wanna click is
no way was it I think is what I've said
well tell me anything 14 times 14 196 15
times 50 inches 225 anything wrong very
super it's just stupid I'm really good
at mostly I don't know how but like
that's another one of my secrets housing
I know I know multiplication like really
I don't know why I like I was like I
feel like I was trained I don't know is
just I love it I guess I love it
whatever I love like I'm I just loved it
like will cost a little console alright
so Jeff's I'm sorry to cuddle with him
then we watch them ha well are you okay
there buddy
hi guys I'm gonna end the vlog here I
hope you guys enjoyed it if you did make
sure you give a thumbs up and go Turkey
let me to sit any logs in it give it a
thumbs up and go turkey tomorrow is the
first show ever every single show so it
guys longer this all down out well I'm
gonna Saldana London is officially sold
out and I said yeah there's a key I
don't know why going on I asked easy
peasy I had two keys the kid hi guys /
I'm going to sleep and yeah I'll see you
guys tomorrow
I am so exhausting I love you it's like
don't baby please be who you wanna be
I know your pata will be part of or your
kind of thing the doughnut
anybody tell you what you gonna be oh
baby you can have anything you want to
me
