while always bogus oh hey girl what's up
to do me hope you're having a great
plate because I'm having an amazing tour
farm having an amazing
you all should have an amazing after
today's right now I'm not the airport
heading to the UK UK tour I did a blog
at home I forgot to do the intro so I'm
going to take you guys doing intro here
I'm going to take you guys to the house
log that I had I've logged my dad of
lockers reaction and I told him that a
lady wants to marry him who came to one
of my meetings and I told him this in
front of my mom so he ended up doing
something really funny one of my mom to
get a jealous so here it goes and I hope
you guys enjoy it sums up this is the
closest you guys are going to see my mom
in a blog so enjoy you guys play
something yeah all right ready yeah look
at this okay this is a girl I would love
you see who my home is right there
I would love it haha wait you're working
them what you thought I would obviously
have a rehab I was going to get that
again what she said to me place it Hey
that is okay Gate closes what that is
doing this to mess around my mom's
closet
he's messing around because I like that
unless you've low-key serious she said
you really really huge you should tell
me to give you a kiss from her yeah huh
didn't have it even matter Hedrick
so yeah that's want to tell you that's
what she said
so yeah oh girl the girl whatever I told
you yesterday that okay I'm ready and
I'm busy right now
what that kids must know already see
energy energy Miriam ready ready how do
I put it ha ha ha
yeah that is yes yes she hits me up so I
am as you're back and see us here club
is when you can't go up I'm not hitting
it like she messages me canna they love
it is ready
okay hey gamez bow get up but follow is
bogus oh yeah what the hell oh yeah
mom's loses she makes me yeah man it was
yeah my dad isn't joking he's making a
joke because he knows that mom was a
jealous crisis hope you guys enjoyed
that I also have a little bit more vlog
footage of emotion reacting to himself
for his old self and baby-soft when he
was when he's always they know your true
writer that I do me if you remember
Martin when he no no like that was his
only words
no no so he reacted himself saying no he
doesn't say no anymore I must like that
probably what we got better
oh we got better wedding better
photography yeah give me on all you want
to give me out now oh you want to give
me all together
she don't beat you up yeah yes you can
oh yeah hey my guys that's all the blog
photos that I have at home I'm now at
the airport heading to the UK for a
flight is delayed by three out
because there's a big big blizzard in
New York City but Hamden hopefully
nothing happens we get awake not
blizzard Lima is knocked out right now
social death will happen tour life to
the beginning I went to home and slim
Ryan out fill it up well I did not even
know that he's going to New York mixers
ever in New York strangest dream of just
woke up like Harry milk live over in UK
when do you carry MA and it was in it it
is yeah we was going to message you
again senator you have booger my hair
how much a boy is it without was little
girls you coming on so you ready with
her yeah oh love it as I begin with it
she's used to sleeping at this time but
the place late for one am a husband 10
was the lead is still one which is
pretty fast because I wanted her to go
in that time so she can get her sleep
and not just sleep out here so we get a
still really bad but Lima got it she's a
chance she loves traveler he's been
designed to listen you keep us along
finally coming through and we gon do it
right now what city goes by blue she's
grumpy with you people
yeah well he's grumpy noses then you'd
understand us you look lucky she goes
over oh my god oh you mean violating the
cream oh you're a beautiful assuming
angry just lands it anywhere yeah the UK
we just landed in the UK guys up to you
right here we're going to be performing
in the UK tour sold out every show is
sold out other than London which is I
heard like five six tickets up and pork
mince is like channel yourself and it's
gonna be raised in a gold little hotel
right now rehearse or London and it's
tomorrow going to Glasgow and it's
freezing right now but it's a pleasant
in New York I'm so excited I'm hyped
about the score because I've never had
like a sold-out allsort before even
starting to sort I've always had a
sold-out floor on the day but I've never
had to slow down my whole store before
which is pretty much sold out lemon
enforcement's like literally box set
things up so make sure you guys come
even if you don't have a ticket
make sure you still come through because
it's gonna be lit and after the show I'm
going to come out and say hi to you guys
anyone who doesn't have a ticket because
I want to see every single one you guys
in the air cap you ready for the Jones
you even thought about what might have
were kids
the why personal is never Wi-Fi kit okay
how long has it been it's been like one
to three years for three months in the
UK she's looking fresh look at this
wagon now like am I ready
so no it's awkward hi amira me guys been
three years since they met three years
2014 you guys we got to go like oh I
just woke up from enough homie nandi how
to see them put to hold hey I have a
scene for two days two days vinaya and
really haven't seen each other for long
look they're so energized the other
thing Sally
Walter here was the whole evil cost it's
the first time I'll pay a huge white man
what's that okay
perhaps it's analogous in UK resort
thing really going to create to somebody
go hey that's awesome
luxe but it's also a new recipe how are
we playing us give it to me grab the
whole thing is very service with none
but yes oh yes
Lucy screamer can you take in a big
chocolate front row any of them say I
love burgers
I have banking none a burger there was
cracking like it there what's up son we
will see how are you mate how are you
oh they do me angry just got to the
hotel finally in the UK we are in near
London right now going to Glasgow
tomorrow this flight was literally
insane there was so much turbulence
because there's like a whole blizzard in
New York City so the turbulence was
insane literally though it was it was
like we're skydiving in the freaking
plane there was some people crying on
the plane the person was about to pass
out so not to help a girl because she
was like literally crying she was crying
so scared I was there like I wasn't
really put on just like I was like are
they going on it so - well I saw I was
like that's it like like Mike already
but so he's a little realized the guy
that was freaking insane I thought all
think that's it man like this is n like
life can be gone real cooks always
remember Allah and just be always be
thankful and grateful and yet have a
clean heart it was so scary I thought
mean something like that's it man like
this is it cuz it was so scary like the
plane was going down then up and down
and spinning we're like that's it and
what is the middle of the Atlantic Ocean
and it was pitch-black dark outside so
it's like no way you're like near near
nowhere but it's all good Heimdall we
made it the tour starts and Glasgow
I'm so excited me slim Reema will be
performing what cops go me they're not
gonna be there my brother is going to be
there give me a dope dope kill times
give me a fun this is going to be one of
the probably the best tour because we
have a lot of new material the whole
thing is new material it is getting
really fun I cannot wait and it's going
to be lit and other than that if you
have to just like make sure you go -
thumbs up and don't turkey i'ma see you
guys tomorrow zinyak take care and peace
I like baby please be who you want to be
I know your father will be powder for
your fantasy so don't let anybody tell
you what you gonna be Oh baby just gonna
have anything you want some anything
