I don't what a little bit look they're
making massive hey guys what's up and do
the gang I hope you're having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing it you all
should be having an amazing happy day
I'm wearing the same clothes once again
we are heading to the studio I keep
saying and I'll keep saying we're going
to go to the studio to do like the
finishing touches
while promise coronary crime I'll keep
going it's to perfect it and today is
the official to accutane and today this
is a promise today's the official day
that's only because I want to make a
perfect for you now yes so today we're
going getting the master copy that it
does get masters it master copy that's
it slim excited
ready wait huh huh hi sorry for me
started in vocal me worst announcement a
pony acquire more what's that together
I'm forgotten here we go over here you
guys have ice Penelope I scare a man
laughing so I cut it lovely
ice cutter season put its leg upon it
chocolate cut up no no no clothes hair
that had a little arugula hello
guys the funniest things keep happening
to me system whenever we order food or
anything like that
our - croissant with cream cheese and
then someone's like no Adam a I don't
want one man it's all get don't get to
row I don't want one man it's all good
man thank you and I look to heaven I'm
like those two where for me it's not for
you one of the best football players
Odell Beckham represent the New York
Giants
none of things and also represent a
haircut America a person I love is here
man
okay it'll be careful because right now
all the buckles are pretty heated for
everything how we play together with it
with the giant I don't care if you hate
a no I you got to still love someone
even if they're hated you know what I'm
saying
a whole cream on a bleep dad you know
how to do with that you know how to do
the dance
yeah very ready Dan hey Anna Anna Anna
Anna Anna and cool actual cutter hara
very good in yes a cool a calm
that means like i love chocolate ah do
you like chocolate
anna kiel of charge of ice so whenever
you say you want say Anna Anna I call a
cow
Hannah yes you got it I'm joking don't
know big enough
nothing
first of all they never gave us me you
know and the key box was harder to
croissants with cream cheese
he ordered two croissants cream cheese
but he never got that and yeah we never
got that slim ordered two two chicken
wraps and was no bacon because it comes
with bacon and then she gave it to him
with bacon and slim was eating it
he ain't freaking I said the piece of
the brain it takes you like so let me go
back to the ladies I'm so sorry
the slim was outside like trying to
throw he was like what the hell is going
on is a break-in right it's like like so
heating up a stomach roll
what is the huh it's not so turkey bacon
is good absolutely important this time
you over save up that's all right it's
an accident
it's the right but we do purposely then
it's Haram and consider that and it's
time but if it's accident then it's the
right but lemon I can never look at you
the same setup setup Luisa Leland like
Miss Piggy man do me Aang we finally
made it back to the studio once again
and guess what we have the master copies
right here hi guys our last moments here
man we're gonna be back but like I last
moments for this track and everything
it's been a pleasure
Vince man is it no oh gosh you're gonna
love it
I'm excited it's it's just the number
one best a body song oh man I appreciate
appreciate I'm so excited it's written
thank you good look how amazing their hi
guys we're officially done we have the
master copy I promise I'm not going to
keep saying and go back to the studio
we're done that's it we're done January
28th this now like I just really hope
slim does not leak it by accident
because you lead us in not yeah i'm liam
known for leaking shit was just like
yeah four times it's a leak so it was he
leaked his own address
he leaves his mother's like information
Sophia's information my info oh my like
I'm so worried slim please it's only
I don't like how many days up like like
a week six days up man not even like
five six days it's late
give it time and then January 28th
pointer crown wasn't here when it's out
because every time we always have issues
stop being leaked man like hate it but
it's just a lock-up flim keeping people
in a room for a week I'm gonna do the
wife I know what I'm doing
that's right woman March that's right
I like how old woman is speaking up and
you guys deserve to be heard and you
guys all deserve to it will be treated
equally because sometimes people just
feel like guys can like you guys can do
anything woman can do the same thing
it's not better like I'd rather work I
feel like women have like a different
mindset and they're much more smarter to
like men so check it out it's a coin
Pence's up and down I go that's the only
going on low voice and on the mobile
phone the screen you know say it's lat
I'll let you know 6ko not going on know
why receive all these more big L so Wiz
Khalifa 70 vacation especially
prosthetic all of the latter weeks on
the street so somebody maxing out how
it's free yeah I love that almost good
at Vito's I'm a bitch bad like a
first-year teachers I'm about not like a
fucking hater
my name whole we like read this audio
while I was working start you ain't
never seen like without star on your
Doc's on a sponsor that's a lot like the
energy van designer how did he do it de
Guiche wrong love that a Laguna is a key
key key key Samaki he talks like
designer you don't advance home yeah but
you know it slimmer designer
lemons a yemeni designer man now you
don't know what you saying geek chic it
huh
as i was saying like women like I feel
like woman are like they have like a
different mindset it's much more smarter
smarter than men
you guys sometimes they just think of
like the thing is like one point of view
woman I think of like a lot of point of
view so keep that up okay to me and cut
just now back to the hotel slim almost
leaks the song partner in crime you
almost sleep asleep its own so this is
what I got to do for him to not leak I'm
gonna have to keep him here until
January 28th to the phone
out and indeed your videos out and then
he can he can be released lab these
handcuffs we call them in and have some
fun like
don't let him get me something for that
thing again
oh well what something that looks what
nothing is in school huh oh no way
because on you like oh well fuck that
hurts ow Oh
happens when you leak the song though
you almost think I need to keep you
absolutely I need to keep you in for
January 20 like 6-8 then the world in
the door on Alma Adams oh my god roll
that makes me strong so oh whoa good
you always have a plan to leaking stuff
he knew stop making some oh and with the
other he comes again you know you're
being seat when we go up it means ah I
say I look say I time will not leak the
song oh say I
I love this woman that's me trick look
that's it to me oh yes now Scott I'm in
quality
hot glue will be like us looking boxes
what's up
see and I get leakers home I won't push
the fucking home say whoa oh whoa knob
acted no lenses I'm sure he'll take it
off oh holy the hollows oh ah kiss are
you kidding huh
I'll take that over brother what that's
it I'm CUBAN my job bro will you fucking
do it
take out these alright as long enough to
fucking plane broke in sight
I don't moment Adam Adam what a little
piece of sugar as well big opening
subway stop up ahead he government
insolvency I can hit his head like I'm
chilling right now
and I do so well oh yeah look broken
boat like kidnapped people back in a day
it's not getting that beautiful some
please will anything personal hahaha
someone will just side roll air quality
or exactly yeah ah just bag the cameras
only and the cameras over here bro let
me see my shit worse for know it's it
it's Lola
you think she's lying there's a much
worse
nah bro
okay do me yeah I'm finally back home
and we're finally done with partnering
time everything now is just for the
editors to do the editing and ready to
do it tomorrow
I'm going to say F's house because it's
his birthday and it's also my sister's
birthday so it's gonna be really really
fun day and I cannot wait to take you
guys what meets you guys enjoy this vlog
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey thank you guys all so much for
love and support every single day and I
cannot wait to take you guys on this
journey for the Middle East tour
tomorrow's birthday party and the
partner-in-crime release so stay tuned
and I'll see you guys tomorrow take care
or pitch I like baby baby we want to be
I know your father will be powder for
your sanity so don't let anybody tell
you what you wanna be oh baby you're
gonna have anything you someday
