hi guys we're doing that it may seem but
there's this train that keeps passing by
and we keep ruining our whole acts that
we're doing making a right
hey guys what's up Adam Liang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing eight books I'm having
an amazing it you all should be having
an amazing happy day today we're finally
doing the music video and we're going to
finish today and we're around this place
called Dumbo which is in Brooklyn it's a
beautiful in the most beautiful areas in
New York City and I don't know ice
called Dumbo this is the one of the most
beautiful areas in New York City and
there's a beautiful view and I'm gonna
take you guys with me I'm gonna show you
guys the camera homies and every time so
we're exploiting to keep already to do
it hi guys are setting up the cameras
and logo later to supplement you try
that to Larry the man behind all the
video and everything I was going to see
when it stopped 28 it's also the holy
shots on say what's up but up at what's
the weight of a slip man slipping the
keys you got to take it so long and this
train is so annoying look probably right
well you don't like Where's Waldo me
shut up guys look how dope this is of
these if you do Paul's but not a little
bit and I'll think of an area you're
going to be working gentlemen it's a so
dope man it's the coolest thing of it I
was like we're filming a movie we're
excited for the ready hey hey and what I
love about this area is like black
offerings across a yeah it's like yeah
like no one here just us and it's really
early in the morning maybe take a little
preview today maybe maybe we'll give a
little freezing its own and the blogs in
on Twitter now even today yeah maybe I'm
gonna say a little over versus I will do
it is just a little bit this that's the
most I can snapchat cool making up we'll
think about it my god is reality of
Tobin I'm used to it is reason upon
their crimes enforcement and we're
trying to make it look like some
autonomous video upload and slip 37
total expense we look the way to take
shirt but he lost his shirt so now we
have to wear I don't like wear as well
but smell good
we're going to get to it and it should
be done today no no hi guys we just got
done with just the lipstick in part and
then I've said that right now we're
doing drone shots so we had three
cameras at us like three views and then
we're going to have
drone shots right now then after that
we're doing the scenes where like
inmates and stuff I'm gonna show you
guys everything yeah this is this really
fun when I'm excited to show you guys
how it is and I'm excited to dress up in
our enemy outfit the keys actually going
to be the cop to keep you can read a cop
is give me the best I've ever seen high
when I like me up you know I will catch
you huh I want to get off I run the
whole big oh hey guys stop I'm gonna go
San Diego shut the fuck I think I've
shown here who's flying it so hey I
never know how to fly a drunk it's like
flying a plane I said I was like I don't
like flying a plane
tell me make justice majors go not on
the television I try to fly drone and it
was though I never fly don't ever ever
again it's so hard man pigeons aha
I don't know why but the joy shop was
probably the best shot ever it was so
thick
come again
I'm going down
beautiful name I got his own shot it's
so good that we're doing it again the
drone shot look so sick I could not wait
man so you got it I was crazy to keep it
far here it's in DUMBO this spot will
favor be the splat I'm sorry
so if anyone is in DUMBO in New York
City this wise this Latin spot baby in
Dumbo right next to the Manhattan Bridge
by air the Brooklyn
rim
one
you
hi guys I'm now and in me there's no big
obvious limited innovation so there was
a I mean obviously I look like a real
inventor and they keep going to be like
a security like a cop he's the cop right
there and he's just in a pedo what you
don't know it's rough and then yeah
we're going to our inmate seems like a
little acting scene and a story lines to
the video it's like it's like a porn
Eric on video so this is how its
appointment come up on their class on
you rock together we got together you
don't see we rise together and we got
together by a hair boy y'all ready for
this
I'm excited we're gonna go down the
bridge over here to make it seem like we
escaped I'm not gonna say that's more
that's efficient looking for something
what's up what's up yo do the climb we
do the time feel me don't mess amiss and
like you say you thought more like a
slug no tell me more like a cop me see
ah shouldn't we have a warrant to be
given that without warning law permit
imma give it from review I'm a terrible
complicated hi guys we're doing that
inmate scene but there's this train that
keeps passing by and it keeps ruining
our whole acts that we're doing and the
keep is down there for you to cop we got
the whole production here guys are going
all after you guys just for a fun video
like we're not having going hard boats
are going all out for you guys you know
I'm saying like we didn't go hard going
on off you got something a lot and it'd
do me Hank woke up 8 a.m. you know what
I'm saying
we never wake up in it
do you like nice criminals guys leave in
the comments below if we're criminal
what crime would you think we've done
let me definitely like some some psychos
a five your leg I don't know if Santiago
Simmons I would like like like robbing
someone I don't know like I would have
gone like get me out of the bank I'll be
super Babu bang hey hey hey hey Oh it'll
be fun
this is Sierra let me try to be sure the
shuttle had he touches all the money it
provides a chanelle's in this boat feel
great really knows anything class during
the hey bro this is freaking smoke from
the truck man lower any lower
like Efron came to the base lot witness
house is Dumbo
I got to try again he lowered his thing
for me I got you - oh you know I'm
always here follow the gold you know
this
Oh a nun oh yeah yeah oh definitely I
see yes crazy and big show though it'll
be rough to lurk in here before a lot of
people wait man this is like okay do me
X right now it's the next day it's the
morning because me slim to keep we've
been filming the whole music video from
like 8 a.m. until like it was like
really late at night then I did not get
out and I woke up really early right now
so I decided to get the sneak preview
here in the vlog I'm only given like 10
seconds that's it some wanted to give a
whole thing but I'd rather like it be
surprised on January 28 sound like
something I want it to all be let be out
in January 28 let me give you guys a
little sneak preview right now I'm doing
my sneak preview right now something to
do his sneak preview on his channel on
his vlog to mention you guys go watch
also the music video I have two
different endings to differ endings one
of Slim's is so good the music videos
are going to be on my channel and some
channel but they're going to be two
different endings slim hounds are
defending and not have a defending so
stay tuned for that it's gonna be really
really exciting the music video was
amazing the song was amazing the fun
dope song and right now I will show you
guys a little sneak preview do it get
ready little nervous yeah I'm nervous
alright I'm going to give like ten
seconds ten seconds ready one two three
go
all right that's it no no no no I don't
want to ruin the whole thing for you
guys um yeah I'm waiting to generates
one eighth to release everything you
guys want to see slims I don't know
which part he's gonna like like leak or
not I'm scared of slim leaks the whole
song man seriously
Slim's get it huh you promised I so he's
gonna show his verse on his chest on his
channel in his video to make sure you
guys go watch it and yeah that's it I
hope you guys enjoyed this video if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
thumbs up if you're excited as much as
we are cuz I'm so so excited and I
cannot wait for you guys those into the
whole thing yeah thank you guys so much
for everything I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me any much little I love
you time it's gonna be all right so baby
please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be don't let anybody
baby oh baby just gonna have anything
you want from me anything I can't
replace them but baby I private be
brother every day for the rest of my pie
