I just I want to quit because you know
like Donald Trump
you know he's officially in the White
House today and it's causing me to have
like this rash near my butt and I was
just like hey guys what's up and do me I
hope you're all having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so
upon having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy day I
am heading out to go eat and just to go
chill and to finish up the partner in
crime by song because it's like I'm
going there again to the studio just do
some finishing up like finishing touches
once the song is done you have to mix it
and then master it then after that it's
pretty much done and then I'll see you
guys in the next shot so yeah all right
guys we're in the studio right now this
is the last time with video for this
song
he said he let the partner counsel he
made like a lot of other people hear it
and whatever what was there like
opinions that he said their opinion is
they've never seen a song like this
before just for the homies they're not
in crime
yeah roll tight together yeah they're
always ever done knows everything is
free baby sneaky - I'm a little busy so
many times I got partner-in-crime
on repeat and no one has ever done like
a partner in crime kind of song and I'm
trying to think like no one has done a
song called partner crime so I feel like
it feels good to have like like that you
know I think so I hope not I hope no one
did I think we're one of I don't know is
it or no unique manager you need yeah I
have anyone on either is my fishing
music is about girls like it in sacks
pretty much but this is different but my
home we met but but your favorite it has
every relates wherever has their own
partner in crime man that the Rylan
Gauss law and this is all about I know
we always come to the studio but we're
making this perfection like we want to
just get it official and it's pretty
much official which is like mastering it
a little more than to bring it in on
iTunes let's get on YouTube generate 28
music video we're finishing it up
tomorrow
and then we're pretty much done we're
going to take you guys on the journey
when we're filming the music video and
everything I'm gonna take you guys on
journey we master out Sunday and then
I'm off to the Middle East and it should
be out when I'm and I don't know I
thought or beheading and I don't know
some like that but real Slim we're gonna
be on the phone 24/7 so I'm
phone with you the whole time when it's
out because that's like an exciting
moment when it's all about yo it me
released it's really released hey what
of it and you guys are going to love it
hey we just got to the restaurant
Pakistani restaurant and I'm so so
excited because I love Pakistani food I
love Indian food
I love DC food in general and but
sometimes I do not know what's the order
it's always ask for cost or mono to
order me what's the best package timing
dish every Ani and we're gonna be
running yeah hi brand is good kebab am i
got very ani with club it's not good
Manu you must open your workout footing
this cold there's chicken ties roses red
chicken what the cool it's a chicken
patties it's not some different long
time it matters not oh that's not this
look like a Yemeni food copyright the
keep I feel like Mishima swim you have a
true Yemeni role he's got a so America
now these guys it's so American
seriously I know how much he admits that
he's like he's I am you suppose it had
to be an American
he's like my trouble ha he's a chopper
or goof good job absolutely a pack of
bubble gum bro because we chose you
thank you thank you I'm not like the
most yeah many have any guy but I do
know a lot about like yeah my stuff like
that but not more I'm really like
Americanized but I always yeah I'm
always proud of being from Yemen or
something but I feel like Nikki with
slim so I'm gonna know nothing you
you're like nowhere near but let me
imagine equality
made me four cities in Yemen
so yeah Mona yeah it has and oh yeah
that your iconic
Aladdin choices for you cuz it funny I
know it's not funny cookie Mego hoping a
love that when I go oh my gonna go study
chicken curry yeah not good recovery
I'll buzz with Cockburn stop so we have
Halim goat curry kebab and nan and
Helene how many sounds like does like
any like here all right
Alima Alima shot all the Halima me
English broken these away from me yes
haki do not call time son yeah let some
shipyard oh yeah
we're in Pakistan you from Lahore
Islamabad karachi karachi happens across
where i want to out staying in the TC
hotel world continents little jealous
man
I want some Ulsan huh so you see there
garlic or no where did he seem YouTube
YouTube like they come from the war and
kasi - oh yeah I love this little guys
popping over so you have a cool acronym
one guy
commander guys thank you I love you
thank you thank you sir
use the record back oh my gosh we just
got to this size food ice cream spot and
the way to make it so cool shows up I
guys go to Vegas odo let me show you
guys how to make a right now
for your canopy don't let anybody tell
you what you wanna be oh baby just gonna
have anything you want amazing
look at this this is beautiful alright
guys I'm going to try my cookies and
cream that hi ice cream for the first
time I've never tried to I see hopefully
good look let's kind of we like paper
ready it's like a has like tasty bread
inside it doesn't just fit like ice
cream
hi guys this is what I mean look I'm
bleeding from my mom
Irina would leave already done yeah
that's a number I think is like a boxing
thing where like I injured a lot of my
mouth because another crime hi guys only
in New York City minutes that he wants
to be in the vlog cuz he's a rapper you
know they say let's do something good
good I said plan hater I'll see you
later okay I'm going to the elevator
okay
I'm going up you might work shut up so
get the cab you better catch up but oh
my god you're gonna face like a booger
oh oh yeah officer non-designers I would
define yourself humble right in the name
of the master plan
oh yeah it's all paper money like a bee
with a honey no singer ah people go are
definitely corrupt look hapless Amanda's
on the back for Mother's $1 bill a
worthy garbage truck all opposite hi
guys I'm going to try something right
now that I've never really tried I've
seen a lot of people need to do it
lobbying is really really fun to try it
out so we're going to call random places
like like well like Starbucks we're down
or whatever and I'm going to quit the
job I'm going to pretend that work there
and I'm pretend that like like I quit I
don't wanna work there anymore
yeah I'm I work in Starbucks and I sort
of see I don't want to show up anymore
as the manager there or something no um
then is anyone I can speak to because I
don't want to I want to quit John we
have to work on this you have to call us
on what you wear again yeah I'll work in
this all books about Mondays in one day
Oh what's your name Don John my dum-dum
Bravo hi my name is Miguel Ortiz horn c1
nama gana has for this one look all
different some yeah this is Miguel and
it cannot speak to the to the manager I
worked I worked in at Target I just want
to speak to the manager
huh what is it oh I'm quitting like I'm
quitting today I just don't to work
anymore because I got like i suffer from
like I don't think I really want to say
it I have like I just get slash this
rash not like me my butt and like it was
it was cause because Donald Trump became
like president and I just don't want to
work in that target anymore so so my
name my name is Miguel and I were I
working at Target and I just I just I
want to quit because you know like
Donald Trump
you know he's officially in the White
House today and it's causing me to have
like this rash near my butt and I was
just like I guess I just want to quit so
if anyone I could speak to so I can get
my last paycheck just unbelievable and
that is believable right yeah rats okay
do me yeah it's time to wrap up this
vlog I hope you all enjoyed the vlog who
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey tomorrow is a really
really important day because we're
filming a scene for the music video and
it's a little surprise for you guys to
see tomorrow so make sure you guys stay
tuned I'm going to end the vlog here I
hope you guys enjoyed it was just a
little short day it was a rainy rainy
day tomorrow should be really really
nice eh and I'll see you guys tomorrow
then we act take care oh I like I can't
replace them but baby I'm practicing
every day for the rest of my life again
I can like
