it's a new dawn it's a new day it's a
new life for you hey guys what's up with
Ruby gang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing X or I am having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day we're going since we do once
again put some finishing touches then
after that we're officially done
and then we've got to wait it out so
January 28th to release our project
partner in crime and the reason why I
call that project because it's not only
a fun song is also like a nice dope like
music videos like some acting into it
it's something fun for you guys this is
for the rider guys for you guys so if
you guys have any partners in crime you
guys can dedicate the song say
foreigners in crime heading it right now
and I'll see you guys in the next shop
hi guys we're the CEO been here for like
a whole hour with the homie Vince Vince
let me put how many percent done all
right now like ninety-nine one hundred
and ninety-nine ninety-nine and that's
it fire truck I'm telling you guys they
really killed this one man I love it's
kind of helped us out a lot to people
you know I love a lot on what guys I'm
sorry well okay you know I think I made
is my first ever track personal track
and he does a check be done with without
my homie Adam your money man we are
officially officially done all we need
right now is the editors to film the
film some more the music video and also
edit the music video and it's January 28
it's out guys we worked our butts off
for this and I feel like it's going to
go great and I cannot wait to see your
reaction because it's gonna be so fun
and I cannot wait to Jim to it on Ron
source so hope you guys are ready for
January 28th 3 p.m. New York City Tom
baby because we had my c89 watse I found
the store over here but like it looks
like only like British people like you
from the UK dressed up like the woman
like my baby Queen Elizabeth looks like
she wears she wears these types of
clothes like I just do like a diary of
my life like everyday I just go around
hang out whatever happens in my life I
was filming some vlogging yeah well I
got logging it guys look this is a real
what kind of what is this function it's
a real flick from an animal when it
calls like $800 so they chopped off the
animals tail and is selling it for $100
only no cookie to Spanish dimensions
we're looking for a place to go eat and
after that I want to get my nails done
and my toes done so sup man times up you
ever got a manicure but never never done
females
my nose is everything else okay
yesterday I don't know why you know I
don't know why some people hate it when
like men do manicure pedicures but it's
Queen you got to keep now like however
those eels like all the notes at him
when I was long enough in that clearing
siren the nails littered the mess liver
from he knows there's a human flaw it
was all look at this I'm going to take
you to the thing get aminika does his
nails are like Freddy Krueger brought
keys later that's fine because tomatoes
really guys are knives I got this knife
in it like I look for 1,000 big reach
Allen guys we were finally at some any
medicare and pedicure place we're going
to keep with us soon the Cubans handed
have never gotten a mani or pedi after
this will happen what is this what is
this so where you gonna feel really good
after this look at mr. go tell your head
hi guys are slim is next to me
master-blaster lady is doing him right
now he's actually the worst worser than
them too because he has a toe that's
like completely different than all other
totally can I show it in the vlog enough
can I show it it looks like it so it's
purple do I should have told you this is
normal so let me do you various
different color than me shit and Barney
huh there's more men Barney
it is luckily as does you go there's one
ha discuss about it in nature there oh
my god yelling uh-oh more time she rose
this little barn to the Sunnis to come
here a couple more times
that's cool though happened like a soul
with like they got that tell you know
there he born I thank you so yeah I'm
done one petty gear now doing my
manicure getting I was gonna night off
your lips aw relax America she's good at
and the end result is really good
business to the men out there who were I
don't over the age of 18 if your nails
with that go get a manicure she told
about go get a pedicure don't be afraid
of people with thinking honestly you're
right right on going on my nails done to
my toes now look Mossad time that's for
nap time
meaning that time to keep you good I'm
thinking that book movie like this
father agent guys having a guys yet
nothing
this is guys here to get the gimme back
all right
whose it is
I got to meet a boy Justin as you got
getting on his own this is the first
time I had to do I don't know man yeah
we're like I was like I was like like
successful everyone can I feel one
connected well when is it cynically okay
do we hang so I just got home it was a
fun fun day we finally got done
partner-in-crime the music video should
be finished this weekend then after that
we're officially officially done I've
seen a lot of you guys tweeting me on
Twitter Mon vlogs his new video with him
and Lana reacting to my video where I
did the kiss or dis I watched it already
but I decided I'm going to watch it
again for this vlog I'm going to do a me
reacting to them reactivating to my
video so let's see how goes before I do
the challenge so I see what it is
because that's the one I don't really
know so my friend Adam song has a video
of someone can do it okay we're going to
do it boys Lana has no clue Lana has no
clue she lodges like what the heck calm
down honey love know what you made a
llama highly invested a lot it's a homie
kind of awkward over the non around
listen so uncle I'm embarrassed I'm shy
on with your permission okay
look of all my friends of
Hey Lana's smile exam left this is so
hard for me to watch because I mean I
watch it I watched it already but watch
it again it's still so hard for me to
watch because it's like I don't know
because like her smiling kind of like it
kind of like you know I'm sorry to say
it and I'm saying again I respect to
kind of like gained the Crudup my crush
level just gained for Lana because she
is she she was really sweet mo blogs is
one of the nicest booths one of the
nights of youtubers that I met in Dubai
and I haven't met Lana but let's
continue on with this video but she
seems really really sweet did you see
what I said about your sister oh yeah
like I don't think what happened and I
watched this video that I could not stop
laughing boy dad I just want to stray
he said respect I did email a lot of
people shot a cause like more like
liberal mother it's for jokes aside boys
that was I know I'll let that one slide
for now okay I like red he said he'll
let that one slide so it's all good a
homie more vlogs he's so sweet
Lana haven't met her but she seems so
sweet but mo um I think uh I think next
time I'm in Dubai which is in February
2nd February 3rd for rushed us I'm going
to have to meet Lana and I'm going to
have to meet mommy mode like mommy mode
I always hear in your vlogs and she
seems really sweet so I do want to talk
to your mom and and speak to her maybe
about Lana I mean like I don't have any
Lambos and cars blog I you know like I
can bring like a ring pop from New York
City and I may be a real ring and I'll
speak to mommy mode well vlogs you shout
out to you Lana Rosado huge shot I mean
Lana Rose huge shout out to you I will
see you hopefully in a in Dubai okay do
me yeah I hope you guys all enjoyed this
video if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey tomorrow's give
me a fun fun day we're heading shopping
to this huge mall in New Year
see I believe I don't know we're in New
Jersey but tweet us which mall we should
go in New Jersey and we're going to go
shopping for a bit we're gonna hang out
for being the mall and just explore New
Jersey because roads in New York City so
we're going to explore another state in
New Jersey anyways I'll see you guys
tomorrow zoom again if you guys enjoy
this video make sure you with a thumbs
up and go Turkey thank you guys so so
much for your love and support
um yeah thank you I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care
I like I can't replace them but baby I'm
practicing every day for the rest of my
hospital it can
