ready what hey guys what's up for
dooming yang I hope y'all having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy what are you wearing
what about sorry ma Tate we're going to
be in the video dress up whatever you
want she puts on like the weirdest Amy
making a ballerina dress you look nice
let me do a little ballerina spin
ballerina split and she has pink here
show them a little closer come they're
gonna like it wow it looks nice Merida
pony I bit you
you bought it well I work alone with my
mom I usually rarely see Rima because
she's always at school she doesn't come
back to like five six but today she came
back kind of early so free month I
finally got to see her she's always in
school you're always leaving me to
school I go no I don't like apps who
don't go drop out I'm just joking stay
in school kids and talking about school
mustnÂ´t finally got first teacher right
now a teacher that comes to our house
and she's teaching him right now it's
pretty much like his first day of class
right now and I'm trying to go out to
the living room and see the teacher
it's cute I'm trying to see if the
teacher is teaching him really well you
know what I'm saying not teaching him
really what I want to see how Muhsin is
reacting like to the teacher because I
don't know his first time I remember
when it was Reema's first time teaching
she got so angry I think the teachers
had to prepare like on timeout that she
came and ran into me so like a whole
issue having but we're gonna go see
Martin I don't know if I could film the
teacher hopefully she's cute I'm gonna
go see Emma a doc and film her but we're
gonna go see how it is I remember
oh good job you put it on top my at-home
green little good bank okay great
ready you're not allowed to gum in class
huh hurtful
hi guys we just got done this you came
in there I've liked a little bit for you
guys it was so so awkward she was like
she's in a big camera just going on like
moss and she's like like this is like
looking but she is kind of cute and I'm
not it was all the cheese what guys
really good so much you know what's
funny I think that's Reema's teacher too
when she was when she was younger so I
finally got to see Remos he said never
really like go because I was high enough
I saw would be my boxers and like half
naked and I'm not allowed to go but
actually saw her today and I feel like I
feel like you know we can get married
I'm a omana man I want to know why no
you just appear only in times of peace
no good don't oldies are you crazy yeah
I should do her I go to the teacher to
Adam said she's cute
yeah go go go none other good do good
I'm scared I was gonna go so do we hear
it I'm scared guys this is live with
who's with me hanging out with Rima and
mustard but it turned out to like
restocking the teachers don't do
anything just cheese keep that's the
idea I'm not changing those things
hey Rosa Rivas thought I would go along
dude I'm gonna slice I won't bring
things back obvious she got me she got
me shook I can she can say something to
us off okay I get when I can get married
no no no I'm she's not my face she's not
my thing she's gonna do it
waiting to see these
I mean maybe she could stay so we can
get married you know promotion I'm
actually getting married to no one how
am I gonna get married to knowing what's
the you know I'm a go toys teacher that
like okay now she's holding I don't know
guys no Jew before it is it I wouldn't
go stock on last time we're going to go
see what's going on don't go please
penny comes you're not going to say much
thank you
you're not going to tell the teacher
nothing okay I don't have no three huge
what happened
to remove kundo
what is she scared me she keeps messing
shit that's what I'm in America now
where I'm marrying a teacher it's good
she'll teach you and I'll teach you when
I'll be you know like video and keep
choking me why don't you just offensive
hi guys my friend is here he just got
done crying because he got sick of the
teacher he was with the teacher for like
a whole hour hour and a half and you
supposed to learn and teach I'll be I'll
be the students guys the main reason why
I got this basketball court the mini
basketball court is from Watson so he
can I wanted to be like a like I saw I'm
boxing a lot of boxing but also want to
teach them a lot of basketball just like
me I want to be like athletic and like
nice and basketball nice and boxing I
want to be a superstar when he grows up
so I want to show you guys how he makes
it he makes it really really good the
bull has no air I need to give it air
but he knows how to bounce it now it
looks rather mighty bouncing to go go
yeah are you gonna shoot it go shoot you
shoot it good job run come back here
yeah I'm also training muffin to do the
bottle flip out there punch my face to
do the bottle flip our goddesses right
oh man this dude man whatever I cheated
used against me stop stop I'm teaching
you how to do the bottle flip challenge
because I've seen some girl to Ellen
Show who was 2 years old and she was
doing it really good I mean listen you
want the water you want it yes hey
waterboy I have to go guys ok I'm
leaving
man let me go you guys tomorrow ok yeah
I will
you keeping over no you thought by the
time I come back you guys gonna be
asleep ok yeah yes yeah then have you
come on
oh my god I need to go yeah what's up I
just made it outside I might to meet up
with the homie mone to keep slim and
what cost and it is freaking cold right
well not really cold it's just like
raining a lot I don't know why I brought
this huge camera out because if it gets
wet it gets like I don't know he gets a
messed up I shoulda brought the small
one but the thing is about the small one
the battery is so so bad so I'm waiting
for them here hi guys I finally met up
with these losers
Oh God like Eve as well what's wrong we
decided to meet up I like the the most
rainiest like weather day but we're
going to go in to chill and then head
back home we just came to talk about
life catch up eat and the head back home
so he was now go I'll see you at the
mouth shut I got to admit it to the
restaurant in my man over here got a
white easy I don't know if they're real
I think when he got hit ye where did you
get it from
there you go from New York yes it's a
crazy story don't know what easiness you
got the white issue of the wait a minute
thank you flower the shrimp
well Casso are the shrimp split over the
salmon the keep I don't know what you
got oh my god is this I got with that I
forgive me slim is such a cupcake
whenever we're eating here he's always
on the phone with Sophia and like he's
on the phone like I can see seven funny
picture on a hook
this is couple goals among go this is
relationship goes easy he said to Peter
flow Lisa yeah that is relationship
goals this is related but the only thing
is always on the phone look I finally
got my kind of ice culture on Medicare
blog about it maracas you don't speak
investment seriously so sweet and I'm
giving something really special
SN because I love people who are like in
the work hard and passionate and smile
and laugh so I would say you shout out
to him dragon
two hours okay with some stuff yes hi
guys we've got Justin just got done
eating and so I go oh my god
imma bring to keep on you with the
boxing mattress oh we're leaving now we
just came for a little quick dinner the
weather is so bad right now it's raining
slim what do you look like you're like
like it's wearing a costume like a
Halloween costume another thing I really
I got to get into fly Mel like I didn't
mean to leave okay do me Hank so I just
got home we just went out to eat for a
little bit I'm back home and I had a
long long day because I just hung out
the family if you guys haven't noticed I
haven't been on social media much
haven't been on Instagram and I haven't
been on Twitter I've been snap chatting
a little bit doing a little bit of
Instagram story also but the reason why
I haven't been on social media it's not
because I'm sad or matters like that
just I want to spend time with my family
especially like the start of 2017 like I
promised myself and I promised our
family that I won't be on social media
much I'll be on a lot when I'm like on
tour but like at this time I was it's
like hangout my family they hate it so
much when I'm on social media because
the thing is I can go on snapchat and
just post a snap but I won't I don't
really check like snaps but upload like
an Instagram picture or like a tweet
I'll be on my phone for like hours just
looking at tweets just like looking at
tweets on my phone I'll be talking to my
family on my phone reading comments like
yeah and my family hates that so so much
and you guys hate it when I'm not on
social media and you outside be like oh
my god Adam are you mad
Laurene on social media so I just wanted
to clear that up with you guys in let
you guys know that I'm spending a lot of
family time hanging out with my family a
lot and chillin without being on social
media much whenever I'm on tour I'm
always on social media and I get i've
already getting so annoying to you guys
so I'll probably be back on Twitter
today so if you guys are watching this
I'm probably back on Twitter today I'm
going to tweet here and there a little
more
just so I can even it out with my family
and you guys because you guys are my
family too so hope you guys on this
zooming I promise I'll be back on
Twitter and Instagram today and I'll be
posting a lot more because anyways I'm
leaving next week for the Middle East or
in this UK so I'm going to be on social
media a lot I'll see you guys tomorrow
at do me I and on Twitter today
take care or pitch I like I can't
replace the baby operatic see you
brother every day for the rest of my
life to be a killer
