hey guys what's up Takumi gang I hope
you have been making it because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all just be having an
amazing happy day I hope you all are
doing great I just want to say that this
video is not a vlog I do have a lot I'm
going to post it tomorrow I decided to
make this video to update everyone
because if you guys do not know I'm
Minnesota this is getting the uncut
video I'm not going to get edited or
nothing like that is going to be
uploaded straight so if you guys do not
know I was doing a Middle East tour like
my own kind of tour I did don't have
about at this beheading I did am on
Month Club and Adele doubly and the last
one was Dubai I was going to do my own
show in Dubai but I decided you know
what let's do less because you know what
if s is like like a mainstream you know
they got thing of the bottle Sean Paul
gez Chris Brown were supposed to be
there and they agreed to have me on
unless I'm in the bottom that I was like
the only youtuber on Reza they agreed to
have beyond I was so excited I was so
happy and I promoted it literally
promoted everywhere they got me to
promote it everywhere they even put
posters of me going to say saying that I
wouldn't read fast and everything a lot
of you guys like this was the biggest
thing I would have ever done and it was
like and you know I'm used to when
someone says oh it's the biggest thing
I'm performing right before I'm going to
a podium for me right before
Demi Lovato so I was so excited it was
one of the biggest things ever so
something happened today where it like
was really windy and survive you have to
cancel less fast and they would cancel
was postponed for the next day so they
got back to all the artists they got
back to Denny Lovato and every one of us
performing they told their specific
times they never got back to me my my
promoters my management of thing they
contacted read faster being like that
they told them how can we know what time
Adam going to be performing and the
event organizers of Memphis were so rude
so rude to my magic don't hang up don't
hang up well while my management is
calling them they would hang up the
phone on them they would tell them all I
can't hear you can I can't just hang up
the phone I mean if they say they don't
want me there if they didn't want me
that is it cuz we just told me that in
the first place because I did a whole
tour a whole Middle East tour by myself
I have to cancel it said you have to we
have to cancel Queen
so we can do this because this is you
know this is we wanted to take it to the
next level like just do what sighs I'm
so excited
but I feel like this was like a
mainstream event they got me a youtuber
since the YouTube community is huge to
promote it everywhere so to let you know
let it be know in the use of community
and and just like leave me hanging out
there in the air they just feel like I'm
looked down on just because I'm a
youtuber and if they did if they never
wanted me in the first place then why I
agree to even happening unless why
promote me going why tell me to even
promote manifest by I'm just really
really confused on it feels really left
out and it kind of sucks man because
because I'm promoted all this and
there's people downstairs that I just
met there's like eight year old ounces
we traveled from Kuwait some people
travel from puffins so we will travel
from like places in Africa like South
Africa to come to Memphis and they
either way even telling you that they
came to see me they were telling me what
time am I going to perform tomorrow
since postponed and I'm embarrassed like
I'm really truly embarrassed I didn't
know what to tell them I was like oh I
don't know I'm gonna have to wait and
find out so I got my management team to
contact the register if that organizes
again and they literally just like can
you up we call me back later
don't call me now they get so rude
what's on management that it got them
like like when I should I feel like I
feel like I look down on and they're not
treating me like the same as other
artists so even if like they have it
they have enough now they
they still I guess been deciding but
with the way they're treating me is like
like they're legit treating me like
so even if they do end up agreeing to
put it making me perform I just I just
don't feel right I don't you want it I
don't feel I don't feel like I don't
know I feel really left out so I will
not like I will not be performing even
if they do agree to me right now I can't
I just feel like I'm not wanted by the
whole not not the whole event more guys
this is just one person I'm not going to
faze me and that person like I guess
like the head of them or whatever but
the people that he's around they want me
so bad but that had person he just sees
me I'm just like like a youtuber he
doesn't see me he said he doesn't see me
and I know I'm not at the same level
obviously I was bending Lovato
or or Sean Paul and gez down down
another legalized Madonna does leak but
why getting me to promote all over you
through all of my social media for like
the world and then to like to just look
down on me something like that so with
that being said I'm not going to be
performing in restaurants I do not know
what they were gonna say I do not know
what they're going to say now but I'm so
sorry everyone
who actually didn't get a ticket because
I met a lot of you guys we actually came
from quake and I told them I was like I
cancelled quake to do this I could have
done my own show and cuase a pentose our
own show in Dubai with no drama no
nothing not being looked down on just my
old main show but I wanted to you know I
wanted to do like a little something
different and open to read of us but I
guess it is what it is everything
happens for a reason I'm just going to
continue on doing me I'm going to turn
onto a Malin shows this is like as much
better doing my own shows and because
like I don't know I feel like I'm not
it's just as my own show I'm not looking
down on there's nothing like are treated
differently but I guess it is that's how
it you know youtubers will always you
look down on but don't forget a lot of
mainstream events mainstream Awards even
mainstream artists they rely on
youtubers to promote them because
YouTube is taking over like it's
actually taking over and that's what I
feel like
happened I feel like one side has got me
to promote the crap out of them and then
they would always like even when I was
from where the crappers I would look
down like as whatever because even at
the beginning that is not organized with
a kind of fishy like all they would say
was something like oh promote it and
then we gimme like posters to promote
and stuff like that until the end I
finally noticed I'm not even being
treated the same way as everyone else
but I really hope they still an amazing
show I know will so be an amazing shot a
little everyone's last fun and yeah I
mean I don't know how I don't know what
I'm supposed to do I don't know if I'm
going to New York
I don't know from going mother to my UK
tour I don't know what I'm doing right
now so I'll keep you guys updated with
that tomorrow
I'm sorry to make the video about this
I'm just in a mood right now we're like
I don't even want to edit my blog and
upload it I'm just I'm devastated or
confused I don't I don't know how to
feel right now literally I do not know
how to feel so I'm sorry to even be
bringing this up I love you guys every
single one you guys thank you guys so so
much and with everything that I said I
want to tell you guys do not let anyone
ever step on you do not let anyone ever
treat you differently than other people
just because that person is more popular
and like that even with me just because
it's not more problem than anyone else
we're both equal with both human beings
at the end of the day and we're both one
don't treat anyone anyone special just
because they're there or they have more
followers that we're all the same people
and I really hope people can understand
that someday so with that being said I
love you doing and I'm going to continue
on doing my daily vlog every single day
now because you're not doing my own
tours that I do myself that sell out
myself so I'm going to be doing that
from owning my own stuff and not other
people stuff thank you guys so much and
Demi Lovato I still love you all Gannon
TV show she's amazing
but maybe I will not kind of no she's
staying right next maybe I'll make
another ongoing on performance and not
needing her back face I will not going
to go in tomorrow's vlog and see what
goes on
hope you guys give a thumbs up I love
you guys
I don't know what happened but maybe now
they'll feel the promotion of how they
treated me
then I love you guys and I really hope
you guys stay positive stay cool and I
want anyone who's watching this to also
just be nice and be positive everyone
else I don't know what goes on to
whatever goes on it hasn't and it's done
time to move on
I love you guys now see you guys
tomorrow en I look it
