oh hey guys what's up to do me hang I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you are if you
have it an amazing shoe I'm gonna turn
we're leaving my thoughts on mine right
now I'm gonna miss you guys so much I do
not know how to put on the mullet it's
called muscle here but me not because we
both had sit on the run to go outside we
are going on the flight and then right
after the flight is the Abu Dhabi the
media creat a problem and I'm like give
us a very cool hello like the nice if I
requested song hey hey how do you do you
know how to put this on okay you know
how to put it on for me this morning you
I don't know how to put it so because
they put it a specific way like each
country in the Middle East is like a
different way to put this on it's like
they have their own so now when I came
up so on and given honey okay well cause
I'm gonna miss you guys I'm gonna miss
you honey
got it I got it
spread out in some ways you so much
we're running for the late half like and
I'm here like telling this guy to fix
almost not like I lie i Habibi Allah
Allah Allah Allah be beyond Harvey huh
hungry sorry sir it will firstly what is
a 100 and there you have a and I have
booked
sugar Harvey thank you so much
boy yeah honey look Anna ha like this
and then like me I wa ala Moana awesome
either I understand what you're saying
but yeah I'm a little Christmas mother
drinking here in England we're now on
the bus heading to the plane this biome
on air so dope the given own bus to get
on the plane you guys ready for it
tonight
yes I've got excited I'm excited yeah
not only wanted to wait playing water
bottles that's just ready for sir Oh
John you got you guys
oh oh oh how many times did you go uh-oh
some up with the homies aloud oh come on
air hey what's up man I was going stop
how you do the Riverside with one in
Lowell - come by my place to go on The
WB's are international
we made it thousands every day and we
made it look at this sofa in our hotel I
guess if you guys do not know Shawn he's
a photographer in this middle-eastern
surah Naas has been bothering him so
much I feel bad man do you you can't do
this nah man you got to make me go
getting to be nice my big boundaries man
oh oh he chooses so cool other cost like
behind us betcha
this guy's oh my god like thirsty I
thought I was the one that takes like a
lot of snaps yeah Instagram picture this
dude is like what the hell like is
pointless like what that see the LV bag
Ram darling girl he try to show the LV
bag in the video and the other says
right there that this is this tower is
like the Guinness World Record of like
the most cleaning power that's like
leaning like that that's crazy
nothing man means how is leaning use the
tower lot of wood
oh wow look at this idiot
no freakin way
Wow
and you want to be Yammer or accommodate
any kind
oh I got you right here this is our
hotel hey this is my probably made it to
hotel we have around four hours to chill
relax and get to our at that I meet and
greet today in Abu Dhabi the bathroom
what well I'm taking the glass here and
looking out the window
well I like this view from the server
alright guys I just woke up from a one
hour and a half I'm heading to the event
for everybody I'm so so excited they
gave me my own filter that is insane
absolutely you have a show of crazy love
of cameras to you guys also other W sold
out so I'm sold out and my almost filter
is it a Fionna shot mom are you sure you
just do what it do what does happen the
kinds of stay here is nothing to gloat I
want to go I'll try the charm about to
go but it's holding me you guys are
going to break glass but
watch our shuttle
I don't Witter those down I know you
guys know it's done I was not bad you
guys look at this
that is though how's it going she
nervous why are you nervous
hey okay don't be nervous hey happy
we'll celebrate
I'll be chosen very birthday fifty days
so happy early birthday to me one thing
pick up your showers Bobby
oh man thank you so much give us a
minute bro doodle give me the pass thank
you so much oh that is very sad-looking
the iscope you are a lifesaver oh you I
love you that you're holding up without
a lobby you guys on the top guys Sara
let's watch a lot of you guys thank you
guys so much
come on over I just got back to the
hotel and humble wlw guys were insane
amazing it took me four hours to meet
300 of you guys which is crazy thank you
guys so much for a level support you
guys are so sweet
he looks like yo-yo a little more you
Chris right now yeah okay back up
yes I think that horrible oh man Johanna
Rowland because only thinking about why
don't we some yellow basket
what the hell
symbol for that you know
the break in the plane is the pit
straight that's it okay okay oh you're
taking my mother doing wonderful it's
not really Christmas it's a bad one so
alone it's a bad one
no one ever give us in the meeting you
it smells good actually
okay do me a I'm done with everything
it's already in the morning right now
we're heading to Dubai I'm performing in
red fest tomorrow February 3rd 7 p.m.
makes you guys come through anyone in
Dubai and the Dubai area comes through
7:00 p.m. red fest I am performing like
an hour before Demi Lovato and this is
like you guys do not understand how
nervous I am how like this is the
biggest thing ever that I'm doing I'm
performing around like like like these
like artists the celebrities like Demi
Lovato gev Sean Paul so I need every
single one you guys to comfort or show
so much love I cannot wait to turn up
with you guys thumbs up if you enjoy
this like thumbs-up you come through to
the by breast press to turn up one
because it's about to get down I'll see
you guys tomorrow doing take care and
peace I like don't baby please be who
you want to be I know your father will
be proud of
canap√© don't let anybody tell you what
you gonna be Oh baby just gonna have
anything you want some name
