so let me switch back into different
challenge with you now this is funny but
we I like this game this is fun
hey guys what's up for do me gang I hope
y'all having an amazing day because I'm
having amazing itself I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day so today we're doing a
different kind of video I don't know if
this is a trend or not on YouTube I
think it is it sure is I love people to
learn I've seen it all people celebrity
smash or pass or like not Oliver
youtuber youtuber youtuber these mash or
paths MIDI then did that they're talking
about you know like smashing a like
button so makes you guys smash the like
button let's go for a million likes it's
nothing always doing hi and I'm saying
so somewhat telling me to do this type
of video balls like a Smasher path seems
too extreme and date or something here I
don't know so I decided you know what um
we should do what is it called kiss or
this load up kiss or this I got I seen
another youtuber do it so yeah it's
kisser dis pretty much so like so either
I might as well Joe's I must show you a
youtuber girl alright yeah and then
you're going to show you a picture into
it and say your name and you're going to
tell me if you would kiss her or
disorder as I mean I wouldn't want to
dissing one I had a long day today means
I'm working on our project and I had no
video and someone's coming about the
video I was like oh can I do it to you
and you're like nah man
Sophia will kill me she's not just an
out of cerebral something new and when
I'm not waiting
shit God amen so I tweeted on Twitter
today guys where I was a girl tweet me
some girl female youtubers music oh I
saw I told you how to treat you some
female youtubers because to be honest no
female youtubers bro I'm daddy because
it's gonna yeah it holds it for like
Donna I don't cook like I know a couple
of obviously ro big names the big names
and I'm saying believe I'm Olaf I make
up industries different though but let's
get started so I'm not my name some they
started off with I really go I really
want to but I do a lot of agree to
something that I don't want to do this
money
let's start off with a vine will hop
that uh-huh sound like every name Evan
mahat Evan ahead
I've been with AB cilia every name right
is he a real person feels like a catfish
no super rope um um probably love you
kiss but it's like a kiss like not like
kiss like just kiss like that well I
don't let me sometimes like kiss not
like kiss like like like like the
notebook kind of kiss or not like like
like a suffocate like oh what just like
the Helen Stan you might call me Evan
what this is that many people are gonna
judge me so harshly no judging judgment
no I swear it's apart it's just a fun
video Canadian yet sweet me in like let
me know we are judged by evil sounds
funny this is funny to me man from your
shoulder like so heavy and shut yo ass
I'll shoulder so I was like she's og on
YouTube her name is glad that green
glozell green was all closed up
there's always green the sick of Obama's
I definitely cousin because that's
realistic
yeah cuz she has green lipstick us Wow
roll and to be honest at all it takes
she's mine is over to do it she has a
has a really good personality I feel
like you know we'll have like a
connection so close oh yeah you know G
another one ready let me know who is the
first we can approve but no no let me
know what this one's also G on a tube we
need to approve consoles mrs. Miranda
Staggs Miranda see all my no sister
loves a girl yeah um simply not for
anything
imitates of shit at it and everything uh
no I'm sorry I felt like I feel like
this I don't know because that red
lipstick was like all around her lips I
put them here maybe she was I'm like
maybe shoot dis us to like she's
Hollywood I don't knows okay my heart my
Gabby show her what's just cool here I'm
circling you blue yeah I don't know
favorite comment bro um blue my favorite
color in the work blues ovaries but
let's open here come on lie sorry
she's a finer oh you know all this chef
pink hair maybe kiss well thank you
if she had seen Wow you picking on hair
coming out no
I'm gonna say that let me switch back to
the different challenge with you now
this is funny really
I like this game this is fun man that's
why it was highly requested a lot hope
you'll see this yeah it's the homey kind
of the homey sister mo blonde sister
Lana rose what the heck was all really
mobilize fool ah man um no more vlogs is
cool but I'm with his permission
uh kiss so yeah yeah yeah Lana hvala SLO
male stop boner Juliana Bullock I'm
gonna the bad idea hi Maggie
Dana Sanjana what do they go comrade
everyone else's video and they let them
know like it's like it's not like a good
idea yes go not on their video no no I'm
good I've gotta change I go it's nothing
that of a quit the game no I got a funny
one quit the game ever
Zoe Berg this I'm sorry well you go this
I'm done with road it's laybourn right
hybrid I was on a lot bro come on man I
mean people tweet me a lot of shit a lot
of people to be able to me a lot of
different names well and I wrote down
some how much you have left I have a
couple left I've been little pump bro
shit hi guys I didn't yeah so it just
keeps anyone I might we talk that's it
talk to me tough yes yeah awesome
how about we both got mad love for her
okay Gina David Backes oh you're gonna
wrote affection in a heartbeat zone I
love he subjected oh yeah okay you said
in a second go Gina I love Gina yeah
she's cool man tickle yeah she's she's
really cool yeah but you said wanted to
feed us yeah he's whatever the does yeah
how about night but well she's like a
gamer I think or some shit
well that looks like Sofia no that looks
a lot like Sofia
see that yes he do just for that I'm
gonna do this because she looked too
much like Sofia's oh sure no I hope
you're always like my sister and yeah
well she liked that my Sofia she likes
like Twitter closely how are you bugging
they look like twins a favorite of mine
because this is one of our favorites cuz
I was like you know the wings greatest
wingman of 2016 in this one you the
worse the worst guys
you might remember I'd Annika I mean I
mean Veronica Merrill twin sister hyper
twin dimples kiss
add Annika I'm so happy wrote a little
toys you know I'm lemon I was beautiful
in 2016 I don't kill anybody says well
that up to Veronica I miss you what
table what this is when a Latina for
mister she's cool her aunt Vanessa
they're both really really cool I don't
know how people do these like video
videos with like their boyfriends and
girlfriends but yeah yeah I'm doing it
myself and I'm single and it's so
awkward when I don't use this shit I
don't listen Rory not jolly who marina
Joyce Emily
that's not girls I like you guys we got
kidnapped kind of or not definitely did
I kidnapped but did he get kidnapped it
was like that we this slide I mean she
seems cool like happy yeah but like
being happy all the time I'm positive
yeah but that's creepy to be hash out
it's over here she like how are you hey
how's it going yeah hi I mean it kind of
matches your personality like hey I
don't have an amazing day you should be
having an amazing day
how about the one you tried 20 west
before
Joanne's a scammer in what it was how do
you question care of this I'm sorry but
that thing I would I would love to chill
during the skimmer and you have leather
lap two more laps right so more okay
we're in violent another foot all right
this one was the most tweets that
everybody spam and showed me like if I
see one where two snails on a slicer one
what the Moses lava she pulled up what
is it
you know she is oh you know what I don't
know who is who is little hot
that was it miss Matson Egbert magining
kobbari that kiss kiss kiss
yeah no way I thought you'd like seven
I think you'd like it sister Wow whoa
I'm sister to kiss real quick I did it
Oh the last one I I didn't want to go
the previous one
to be honest like so no hey like I'm be
honest her name is I think name is
Salima slim um
Salima you never had a swing with a
youtuber mom is it
Celine ossification if you have painting
girl definitely kids I'll give it all
man I can just go the biggest okay so
right now whoa who did that
I don't know if you see this man I just
naturally thought those funny we dump
them where's Anya and all of us says yes
we're done we don't hit a turret I find
out video I hope you guys enjoyed if you
did
yeah give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
if you guys think we missed any
youtubers maybe we'll do a part two I'll
do a part two and he'll do it for me to
let me know in the comments below
no I'll do maybe I'll do a part two
either either on YouTube where I can do
it on like a live stream just for fun
for entertainment so I'm um yeah I
really hope no one like judges me or
like looks like backers is just just
like a fun video so we hope you guys
enjoyed I shout out to all the youtubers
that he named thank you guys so much for
being a part of shout see on the video
thank you to swim for being the worst
host well I'm the worst whole shit I
thought was a great whole night so made
you guys talking about do subscribe to
hey down below up now see you guys mom
take care and I like baby who you want
to be I know you
we thought of where you're gonna be
don't let anybody tell you what you're
gonna be oh baby just gonna have
anything you want from me
