I don't know I'm gonna hold back my
fence only that there's in give that
tick or something something like that
hey hey guys what's up at Duma yang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing day so today it's
Friday and someone over here is supposed
to be in school but I have no clue why
he wasn't at school so I asked him it's
the funniest thing everybody when I
asked him I was like why didn't you go
to school today panda telling me that
it's it isn't me it's not even
Independence Day Independence Day in
July he's already passed so he basically
lied to his parents say there's no
school because of there's some kind of
like I don't know her compass yes who
did you give it even you made it you
made it out a lot of year the punishment
you won't have any penetration because
you're not in school anyways fellow ki
he's savage and he got away what's not
having school today and he's in my house
I feel like the reason why I didn't go
to school is to come to my house and
asked me what you wanted what did you
want to get he's asking for so much
stuff mama give it him because I loved
your mouth and he's one of my favorite
so I'm going to go out and buy him these
sneakers but in his size hopefully they
had resize if they don't don't go all
crazy he also wants what if you want
what else do you want you said a jersey
outfits oh my god
I'm thinking what the Stefan Curry
Jersey Jersey outfit the the shirt the
shorts so the matter the savage man he
made it out not go to school coming to
me to be in a vlog getting Space Jam and
getting a whole Jersey and getting a
haircut or going to get a haircut
together and going on my bike so I my
white my bike so he's the man you
already get a man bro let me teach you
something life will get let me teach you
alright whenever you get in trouble man
right you run because your mom can I get
in the boat defeat
the math family has a hairline and I got
no I got my hat on you guys always hate
when I take a haircut or dye my hair
then put on a hat nope nope I'm gonna
take it out later
I promise not to need a shower because I
have so much Carol over me and now we're
going to go get a speech in and then
we're going to look for a Steph Curry
like out battle not even though being
have those so they don't not even you
can have space in your side so you might
not be too happy today maybe we'll the
locations will get other jokes meeting
that okay half hours that will happen
pop all cook I knew it there's no space
chance but there's a lot of soap other
sneakers that he can choose from there's
a lot here these are like exclusive what
do you want because they're given one
that you like I don't know it's hard to
choose these are good to eat you
you decide but the Matt got the Warriors
hat you have the gone to three exams
we're gonna check another store so we're
gonna go see come on hop on ready check
them off man I thought girls take long
to shop I thought I take a long shot
since we was taking so long it's been
like an hour and you can't decide to
wear a shoe yes look first he was like
he's going to get curry because you had
the Hat he's gonna get curries and he
was like no I don't want the curry and
he was trying to get ya then you try to
get these these which ones I love
they're like a blue velvet kind of
Jordans right and said no because it's
too tight and now he's going to get the
sixes
it's like retro sixes it's really good
sneakers so hopefully he agrees if you
don't agree I'm choosing you sneakers
here huh oh no sweetie 11106 is the fair
enough huh yeah sure
you see Evangelic ask me
like both of them then I'll get both him
hi Lisa what's up and how I got been
I've seen you guys in so long
good yeah the man is curry biggest fan
is because we got curry Sox player curry
hat I know he talks but I decided the
hunger he got the sixes but yeah comes
in hand I got a guest know my face you
know there's no nothing by doing you
know I told him yes you did
jahmai got a heck on yours like I want
it to be like Stefan curry like beside
no like no hair here no hair here and I
like hair over here do you play
basketball I came I've never seen you
play basketball
he's suck know each other laugh hey
what's up guys so Adams taking a shower
and get ready and ready gonna pull
something funny and Adam we have the
kids of the guy Hamza Hayley and Yamato
beer right now we will make believe
Hamza and I didn't give up about to
smoke a cigarette butts light it and
then I'll make a scene and I will see
Adams reaction you guys all ready yeah
you guys ready yeah I'm got them clean
out on ya I got right here this is Sigma
okay little got one okay we got the
lighter oh okay okay okay hold it come
on make it like a prank you don't do for
real in there and there's no do not
smoke anybody all kids do not smoke is
not good FIFA even for all the people
younger boys girl men woman
with okay guys so imma leave imma let
them do their fake smoking and then I'll
be back later
hey guys hey what are you doing Honda
what are you doing you through young
Adam imamat I'm gonna beat you up I'm
gonna be show look but it is really good
and then cigarette oh ha kind of you
singer
what do you want a rose you don't think
you're still a kid you still a baby
I feel super keep it lighter so baby
what are you doing huh I don't know I'm
gonna hold back my pets only that is in
the future who will give that thing or
some little black bag
I can I get up come on get up oh my god
I had a guy who we will go boom it was
the house that hater
he spotted in Italy gave it to you and
give it to you know why he has on the
trend no you had it tell us the truth
tell the truth did you you keep on line
you know how do anything come on I mean
you know mostly there's nothing anyone
that kept me smoking a cigarette
hey not agree and if I footage of mataji
matter like six seven years old yeah you
want to sell a baby ball thumbs up we
dumped anything could only don't like it
here you already need only dumb people
smoke cigarettes yeah yeah
do you Nicole good dude - oh my god you
look amazing but tell my dad he's gonna
blame me for doing stupid stuff like
that not doing super stuff like that
we're checking fun let me tell you about
give me a hand is not funny fun with
other thing that nobody knows it oh you
have to go in no I'm falling so
well I got no see crystal huh you have
any cigarettes
so only have any cigarettes left ha so
what lunch I'm done
take the truth - totally not he was well
I don't know what to say hey to my house
you know I don't know about mrs. coking
no at night in the book of the living
remotely robust - he was getting close
by I'm waiting I was going to look for
you where we develop on come on come on
we just looking like that just how are
you dumb are you super I do is on
the top rope that's what that stupid
that's dumb of you search me I know you
don't even do funny stuff I take it off
your shirt
don't bring a cigarette in you go a lot
of people look up to you to you to end
it if you can't see but it's all cows
eat all your Lily you I don't know
I'm gonna give you a chance I'm not
going to tell my dad nothing because if
I do he's gonna go crazy you know you're
gonna go crazy don't ever come in this
room or anyways to try to smoke a
cigarette as dumb no don't even do it
again there's if I machine up with
another single well let me go so that we
got you oh we got how do I get
are you doing one hey guys okay mr.
Griffin I believe that one's it how does
always want to bleed obviously some of
that the modelsim attitude I brought you
freaking the threes and sixes you know
I'm gay love that okay do me a so I just
got home
I actually went outside with this camera
but it died on me because I don't really
know how to use it much and I really
know how to how the battery goes but it
dies really really fast so I need to get
a double battery for this one just like
how to have a double battery for that
camera
yeah who is it who this room and I can
load those thing can I be in the video
literally she wants to be in like every
single black so hey what's what what's
up there now
she was um she'll gonna submit and time
until you come back
you guys look you don't wait for me
it was like like don't sleep and wait
till I come so since I couldn't get to
vlog I'm gonna tell you guys what
happened when I'm on the side I just I
want to go eat I'm out of a pilot Mona
cheap and slim when I was ill go eat and
then once you arcade who played around
the arcade for a bit we hung around the
city and it's pretty much it I could
have got a good like extra five six like
more minutes of involved footage but
that camera I like it with the battery
dies so so fast so if you guys do not
know I have a Middle Eastern tour coming
up I'm going to die Bahrain Abu Dhabi
Oman Muscat and Dubai and what divides
going to be a big crazy show it's like
this one of the biggest it is the
biggest music festival and to buy Demi
Lovato is going to be the Chris Brown
was supposed to be there but I believe
you cancelled because of a soldier war
fight Mike Posner is going to be there
Sean Paul is going to be there so many
people is going to be there and I'm
going to be there so it's a really
really really big big achievement I'm so
happy to be there and I'm so happy to
see at Duma yang over there also I'm so
excited to me like all the other artists
because they're all like mainstream
artists especially Demi Lovato
that's Reema's like one of her favorite
looking fish that's one of our favorite
artists cuz she sings that a cow let it
go sing it sing with them ready a one A
two A one two three go hey come on
latter even
to do so sleepy but the UK tour what
treatment is going to be in are you
going to figure out some stage I don't
know look at what are you gonna sing the
part you know on stage you want to sing
the whole thing you want to practice the
whole thing and then singing on stage
Aiko simply should so dedicated I marry
an end of lie here is what and look come
on you sleeping I know though you know
wake him up no no don't I go over this
again we're gonna end the video here I
hope you guys enjoy this video make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace I like like back
when I was copying baby being we wanna
please I know your father will be proud
of who you're gonna see
so don't let anybody
keep on a baby Oh baby you can have
anything you want someday
