oh hey guys what's up Adam yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day
so I just got home from the beheading
show I did not like much because my
camera battery died I've been trying to
get a battery charger for my camera the
past couple days but each time I go to
the mall it gets hectic but I bit of
like a little bit so i'ma show you guys
some of the bad a show right now
hi guys I just got done with the show
and it was amazing I wanna give a shout
out to these hey Sarah Sunda and Maya
for helping out during the battle angel
dad then they were saying that their
friendship of it is better than my
friendship and fluently all they what
needs them we shower together that's how
a friendship is crazy
you know I'm saying solution of my Eric
our YouTube channel my amber Cammack
ma y a and a k1 aj now is gonna watch it
last puts on his makeup so ok so that
was some of the beheading show so right
now I'ma show you guys some of the
Addams Family I was going to give you
guys a vlog every single day even while
I'm on tour so huge shout out to my
older brother Brian thank you so much
for helping out and for always you know
giving the do me gang Addams Family when
I'm away here you guys go oh my god
Matson you see best thing at the
t.j.maxx get the outlet cap boy and get
off this is a favorite cartoon now
mansion you know do you have the pgms
who's this gecko what about this is this
outlet on this
okay Cowboys hey look guys this is all
the challenges that they got what should
we do we got this flying carpet game I
was thinking about this one this one
speak out
lesson you want to be to the challenge
huh can you do it
we'll get that - what's his name what
kind of tree is that you know that's
Thomas a train come to change ya whole
shopping horoscope their candy the
flower remind Dino headphones you're
making toys you gotta do that we get the
challenges over here is this okay who's
this okay who's this oh my gosh you know
who knows them all what about you Dina
what do you have Missy show me the
camera
you got some headphones candy what about
you know oh wow nice okay guys I am back
did you guys miss me no okay fine well I
went behind and this is the view that we
have the pool is right there and over
there in the city the windows kind of
dusty but yeah I got a couple gifts from
you guys from the bottom sharks want to
say thank you so much every single one
you got came through you guys made the
bad angels sold out which is insane it's
my first time in validating first time
performing right and my first name in
here so thank you guys so so much for
coming so we'll turn it up it was an
amazing amazing showing I'm ready to
show what you guys gaming I got this
sign what do you guys made this sign by
the way for the UK tour I tell you guys
right now bring signs bring a lot of
signs for slide of me slide on what cost
not rima bring some really dope signs
because I want to vlog a lot of your
signs when I'm on stage and I want to
see them and plus I like seeing that I
like seeing that Remo will enjoy seeing
it someone gave me this it said all of
me loves all of you I'm not even joking
but Rima get
a lot more gifts than me and she's not
even on tour so I think she got like a
little book bag a little minion book bag
she's a spoiled brat
you guys always given that gift not what
it looks like she's always thankful for
you guys and I'm thankful for you guys
give us a Rhema and to the whole Adams
family she has a lot more gloves I'm
gonna purchase thanks for the hair
another thing for the hair knowledge
just came to close up we did someone
give us line someone give us line look
like a mother thing you know what hit
chaos a little bit like watch this is
the first time on average touching slide
what that feels like mucus but that look
at it look guys look this is it this one
oh this is nasty
what the heck oh it's so satisfying
right now oh man I love them Ricky I
can't do it why this is so satisfying ah
those gooey smells good by them you want
to see what I want to feel it's so slimy
yeah ah feels good okay open it oh is it
ah okay open it oh it's good ah he's a
punk he just closed the door I got the
whole slime right I won't happen about
trying to eat it we see I love it when
you guys bring me flowers like this it's
so beautiful I'm supposed to be giving
you guys flowers like the guy supposed
to give flowers you guys give me flowers
thank you guys so so much
I remember this gift I told them that
we're going to open it in the vlog I
think it's the first people that I met
in beheading in the meeting greet open
it up right now
Oh
a little short now what is it said cut
it what's Katya this is a cologne Wow
that is freaking I've never smelled this
one I'm going to smell it right now
this small sick
this smells freaking sick thank you so
much I'm a small good to rest at a
Middle East cool and it comes what did
you order thank you some of this is what
do you mean I deserve more than that
this is this is dope man thank you guys
so so I got your I got it
trying to take my office stinks and I
need it this gift has Jam add name on it
the man is going to go he's gonna get so
happy because he never gets give such a
man I mean open this up Matt Fraction
see where it is
whoa it's a freaking what the heck am I
gonna get in trouble by son it's America
look how much more slime I have I think
these are like Hamza Haley but this is -
woman 1 now you're finished number
that's not good when your best evening
no you know what was suitable situate
Matlock have another one have another
one do something no I have another one
oh come on pull my keys okay
put my I'll be back down home I'll be
back down okay now pull my bag on home I
live in samba okay do me yank so I
always see you guys freaking out that I
got a nose piercing so I'm gonna show
you guys right now what I really do I
stated it like two three months ago when
I got a no Street thing that it's like a
little stick on it's not a real nose
piercing I wouldn't like ever get a real
any piercing because I'm scared to get
any like anything Eddie hold on it so
I've seen a lot of guys I posted one on
Instagram a video that everyone was
going insane literally Kurt's in my life
out even though like I really don't know
why like if I did have the most recent
like who cares but I wouldn't get one
because as I said I'm scared of it but
this is what it is it's it's like this
is stick on nosies this is how I do it
take it out boom and you bring it now
help me out
bring it on bring it on the nose so hard
to put it on takes hard work to do this
man oh I love you brother and I said now
it's dope I like it and now I got an
operation okay I think it's pretty cool
and it's just like a looks like a little
stick it's not really like a notary it's
like a little shaken up
alright guys I'm in this video right
here I hope you guys really enjoyed this
video now it's about to go to sleep I'm
about to go to sleep
I'm exhausted meeting like 300 people
every single day
it's not as easy as it looks I have a
show in Muscat Oman tomorrow and I
visited Moscow in 2014 and this is my
first time I'm performing there I'm
really really excited you guys always
turn up there and I said I hope you guys
enjoyed his life you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey if you
made today's vlog give it a thumbs up
and do me a thank you so much for
elements before it truly means the world
I'm see
guys tomorrow chicken her baby who you
want to be I know your father will be
part over your canopy so don't let
anybody tell you what you gonna be Oh
baby you can have anything you want
someday and I can't
