yo what's up man what is that time to
stop taking off your shirt he's been on
FaceTime for the past like two three
hours for the whole show I've seen in my
face that he's og man oh geez you can't
get a ticket a time I don't know if you
guys can see it but I got burnt with
miles as Clippers and it looks like a
freakin hickey this is gonna be so long
what's up a new me gang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy Nick I'm weirdo her and
I'm going to my show right now running a
bit late how is it living always
watching ahead of the other hood how was
it another go Oh crazy girl yet crazy
you're going to be tuned up for about
three hours
really all through but nobody means
nothing at the crazier lovely shitty
music another starting Doha don't know
what so I'm excited till today and we
don't see how we go
the stuff we got to go through to get to
backstage as I oh look at oh hi hi doing
are you doing she's good
this is on my nerves kick in my nerves
kick in but what I do is for you guys I
love you guys
I'm here to mom
customer say hi to the vlog yeah okay
give this boy a song if you subscribe to
the five cookie bro love me thank you
guys so much
oh man you guys it's so sweet you're the
first guy in Doha that I think is a way
it was good emotions because the ultra
boost Pali one out of seven thousand
dead is like what the heck to see you on
yes you're not a prank no no no I'm
sorry mark yeah not that someone did
that they pulled out a snake at this
fine when he kicked me this is shit what
sighs the night yeah well this is crazy
you don't have to give it evil Celsius
not fine one that's sick well Josh on my
Instagram yeah I go outside only a split
cakes and idk I see cases if you need
speakers just give me a shout
that's Frank who's this one in the slim
ski for you definitely I pour une shout
out you want to give to my sister no
team so and to my friends what I don't
know who you are
love you can look at other people so
cute how are you okay give me five good
I can't you throw up dude
my dad is the best
appreciate Elizabeth good luck assalam
Ali is an experiential mythology Marburg
is good keep talkin
okay keep Oh God not much man receives
you here I'm actually gonna like to I
wish again electrocution Abdullah Kurdi
for giacomo jeffrey veen algunas partes
de bomba commies Nana
ah Bravo's Leonov Odawa tomorrow Abdul
Majeed avocados madhumathi and Abdul
Rashid and Wow guys
to my friends to see ideally ánewá
anger and little on the losses I gotta
tell something on stage what do you
think you said who you gonna marry you
know what you said I said yes then he
ran away but he stole cue psychologist I
look so that others should go and I
imagine in September it was the perfect
time July September and this is their
time thank you guys Oh phones ring you
can pick up your favorite who's your
favorite Adam saw some remember oh my my
mom but I wanted to
Hamza enough to do don't fill out your
junk yeah me tell me where you guys look
what Nylund Allah gimme don't you keep
calm another honest awesome thank you
guys her jacket is dope really both is
actually blinged-out sushi got that you
know you got the bling bling basketball
and the stuff that let us take well good
man you the man - a man huh I got I got
I'm sorry Sophia why don't you marry mom
alone either
yo me the man I want you to mind on the
road I want to give a chance to my dad
and my friend
cold Carla I hated Jane and Olivia aw
thank you so much the coolest I like
that thank you Miss Natalia to Miami
investment and soon end your reality to
rehab and sitting definition so just I
got a little shout out
oh I got some shot at this one shadow
you pick up with your favorite food is
like a drug
exactly only female people want to
Facebook you have friends in Doha Qatar
so yeah here yo what's up man
where is that time to stop taking off
your shirt
he's been on first time for the past
like two three hours the whole show I've
seen in my face that he's og man oh geez
you can't get a ticket a time it okay we
had a minute that you are amazing thank
you yeah bogan everyone Bennett Series
today so I have to do it I feel like I
know you because I see you every day
really love it
so excited in the bottom place a lot of
the right okay yeah he was like yeah I'm
like yo it's bad everyone think Nikki in
the meeting you but it's smiling it's
not I swear Matthew's mother is not Tory
got he thought it was like really hot
unlike it okay I'm not really awesome I
know it was big I swear
look yeah Wow
we got here the one and only demo the
King Wesson hi my shed and the princess
Dina we just want to say thank you Adam
for buying Reema a nice camera and a
nice tripod okay so we could do some
nice atom solid black Reema she is
school right now but today I'm just
going to be me and my shit you have to
give him a haircut and I don't want to
do that but my mom she's making them
kill America you want to take a
commission yes yes
they even though was lovely you ready -
I'm ready
they're both the moment say goodbye
goodbye no training for the day
no we're having fun okay guys we give
them the heck up so before we show you
guys I'm out to get my shower
okay I'm out so tell us about Russian
haircut I don't like it
Yushu they're long why do you like it it
is huge
you got a big ass I could go pick up
Rima from her school and then after that
we'll see
yeah the beam of my daughter okay guys
sighs nervously there's an oncoming Emma
how are you anyone all right you ready
Reema uh-huh once he messes hair how we
look mm-hmm you ready
Reema haven't saw mation compromise no
go big man you ready ah
wanna see my shit haircut yeah are you
gonna like it yeah are you ready Martian
are you ready
okay look like 1 2 3 go
hey guys hey hey what's it huh
you want some help the orders up you got
got prank question thank you guys just
first prank ever
you first played myself yes how do you
want to celebrate huh no you go cookie
they do me getting I just got done with
the show and cutlet right now where the
airport and we were flying with Oman Air
Oman Air sponsored by Middle Eastern
tour huge shout-out to them they are
seriously so sweet they gave me
first-class with every single flight and
right now I'm at the lounge in a cot
I'm in the gaming room there's a gaming
room here which is insane look we going
to click game to have think PlayStation
4 they have this literally like every
freaking game it outside is like play
rooms I got any eggs croissant chocolate
croissant bread I got turkey ham not I
got handle
to you thank you hi guys when dude are
you ready - one two three
I got sounds rapid this log I hope you
all enjoy the bar if you may give it a
thumbs up hang out charities something
something something
smash Hollywood thank you guys so much
with us before you guys come on you can
my tomorrow's vlog I see you want and
I'll see you guys next time
yeah yeah take care peace know about her
reaction you was driving too fast in the
fast lane when the happened I wanna try
to imagine and help her for the time is
just hours gonna be all right so baby
believe me who you want to be I know
your father will be proud of where
you're gonna be
don't let anybody tell you what you
wanna be
Oh baby just gonna have anything you
want from me and I can't replace it baby
