the wisdom ing woman happy you jump to
hoping a little bit yossel in your boobs
like hey guys what's up into me and I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing so if I'm
having an amazing day
you should be altered I was missing
music hey you got it you got it you guys
we are in athletic Doha me and oz are
heading to Bellagio mall that's the mall
where we did our first ever meeting
greet in Doha and we weren't even
allowed to go in because it was crazy
back there was a lot of you guys we
could even get to like go inside so I'm
gonna keep on the front but now I heard
was like one of the best malls in Doha
so I want to go visit I'm off and go do
a little shopping so finally finally I
can go in there and I'm so so happy and
I'm ready to go to some shops so I'll
see you guys in the next shot top
Swamigal I do
but what is that building over there I
understood that's it what building is
that going to the left or tower is that
yeah no - tell us what is it good Lloyd
going stood right now Dutch town close
tower but torch yeah torch tower one
hour of driving and we finally made it
to the lodge vo mall this is crazy man
and so finally in your peacefully
coexist huh it's not politically Niagara
diesel I'm just stoked 1 1 will come 2 3
4 soon as we gather that's it how much
will be kicked out within half an hour
yeah guys we finally made it to villagio
mall it's my first footsteps in here
villagio male we i doing all right guys
put them in hold you
eleven of them love you have to examine
ya guys look at the sky
this guy's Lu ya still happens we going
to sneak one see what hold you didn't
there when I won against against weekend
that's it and now we're having to run
away yo this is crazy
my goodness now I'm moving I'm trying to
see if it's moving or not is it or not
is it I don't think so I don't know I
got it moving
oh-oh it's not the stick because it
turns to one sometimes then it sends to
a hundred I'm trying to go shopping
right now what I have no unsupportive
stuff you can do whatever the hell you
like so so let's look for the Louboutin
sort and I'm looking for another story
now so we're going to see how it goes
Oh drops thank you man I'll build a neat
job mr. Joffe I'll give it to you I hear
that so loser so that I'll give it to
you the presidents room yet thank you
come on bend in the jaw hi I got joy
what's up how are you so nice yeah I'm
gonna get my top I just hope I don't
blow your head off another tech elusive
shout out your back do again so what's
up with you I know just trying to make a
decision either this is that I'm telling
him to get this one so this will look
more manly the whole thing a woman turns
but this one they just cost over like
100 pounds more but it's double the size
so the homies are heretics are taking
these a camera store so thank you guys I
like chilling with you guys now you guys
this cool man good man right there I'll
tell them I'll say I'm normal like you
know
I'm very nervous no we're good we're
gonna go to the camera so let me get a
charger and that's it I'm going to go
buy some more stuff the small huge boat
it takes like 20 minutes to go somewhere
well do we
okay
Oh
I think anybody notion to the driver
didn't know Louis and then he seen
everything happen he thought the whole
fight that hasn't sucked it's always so
fun you've seen the react you can use
this place like what the hell is going
on but I went to vulajin wall they do
not have a charger I'm trying to get a
charger for a camera that I have but a
lot of you guys helped me so thank you
guys I met a lot of you guys you have a
so nice I'm so sorry you for like a
couple scores I caused a couple of
substance a couple people were liking
that a couple people were like what the
heck but thank you guys so much for all
your love and support
tomorrow is so ha the show and now it's
got his his Louie bags opened it up
right now 600 pounds for a small
freaking oh my gos but you're almost
over 2 grams sweating though so
of crazy ones it was mad how about
calling go shopping any moment it all I
wanted to look around and cheer yeah
I've never been that more and I like to
show me good news about Alvin I saw
dollars about bop around in my mid oh no
one but me the baby is your fault
permanently custom all families I need
to go in them and the confidence one of
my favorite favorite place to see in
Doha Qatar is this place that I'm going
to right now
I love it so so much look at the trees
man look at it I love the Middle East
Road it feel like home baby I'm at home
baby
so look at this mouse house I know the
police's fence you and it's like looks
like a chef's hat this looks like a hat
if someone's here he was like what those
but do you not to do your way through
your way that's not how to do like I
don't know he said what he owns like a
restaurant so he knows how to like do it
what are you making
that's the gloomy here let's say I can
do the road can I get a mom can I get
one water please
hi guys have Italian food here in Arabic
food not ordered average food our to the
Italian food I'm going to share each
other's food I got pizza homeless and he
got a mixed grill I got I have left and
so on because I don't know if I should
tell you got I I never really showed
this in vlogs because this is like my
addiction it's like a really bad
addiction of mine my disorders I ordered
a great mint hookah grapevine shisha and
the guy comes Arabic he was like did you
did you get he's at an event I know it
was great
Nana is meant by the way you said it
here a lot of losses like enemy and
another was like what the priest see
Anna man Anna man Anna mean great with
men of a menace another letter and of
madness and and of my goodness honestly
I love Adam my my neck neck neck
I do you have a minute Oh Ricky's told
me hey yeah awesome night-vision almost
is daddy home happy lady it is not an
actual you get yes my house the whole
thing little bit asanas
you know ha ha
secret honey a better day
no no so good on honey come on thank you
guys this is my bad addiction don't do
it I don't know I'm so addicted to this
sometimes you want to edit I'm smoking
hookah just got some more stuff that we
might be having for like the new
clothing line that I'm releasing real
soon I showed you guys last time fun
there's something to show you guys again
I don't know if there's much light but
you can see it here this is one of them
we should go the bathroom is more like
keep going we'll go here we're still
trying some new stuff I'm going to go
get another sweater I'm show you guys
wait you guys let me know which one do
you guys like the most
the orange extreme chocolatey the double
one or this one this one has like a
little gold is based on that one update
yes yes where you look at this well
shaking it up you know please it is no
got7 so gie
salat or it's helping them hook it up so
he shout out to them I'm gonna end up
like here thank you guys so much willing
to support you guys enjoyed this blog
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey a doobie gang go home I'm gonna
see you at tomorrow's be a fun fun day
on that I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care baby please be who you want to
be I know your father will be fodder for
your sanity does owning any
tell you what you gonna be oh baby just
gonna have anything you want someday and
I
