hey guys what's up to do me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing it's so fun having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day I just got back from
doing like four hours of shopping
because I am heading to the Middle East
right now for the Middle East tour but
I'm actually stopping in London first
for a couple hours before I head to the
airport let me show you guys what I got
because today I kind of swirled myself
and I always always spoil myself once a
month because I feel like I always spoil
my family my mom my dad my sister's my
brothers my nieces and nephews I never
get to spoil myself so sometimes it's
good to always you know you know to
always think about yourself sometimes
and make yourself happy you know spoil
yourself maybe you know say maybe not
the way I did today but i'ma show you
guys what I got cause let me start off
by showing you guys what I first got I
first got you guys can see right here
try to guess try to guess what it is you
guys just look at her and you guys
probably think like it's a shoe it's
boots but nope it is these are Gucci
sandals I always see like celebrities or
youtubers they have like these Gucci
sandals with the Gucci color but these
ones I want it to be a little different
I got Gucci sandals the ones that just
came out probably like a couple days ago
they have like a little tiger or a lion
on top of them but this one right here
look at this
these are slippers sandals I call them I
don't know sandals Gucci sandals with a
nice dope tiger on I didn't want to get
the same thing that a lot of people have
which is the Gucci sign on top I want to
get this one and plus these are new and
I want to be comfortable while I'm
traveling because I'm taking a lot a lot
of flights throughout the Middle East
for the tour for beheading and then it's
I will love you and then it's Oman and
then it's divine and that is back to
London so it's going to be a lot
flights some think about wearing these
these Gucci channels we're three hundred
and twenty dollars foot packs there were
around almost $400 thank God I'm leaving
out of the country right now because my
dad found finds out or if our mom finds
out they're going to take these slippers
and beat the crap out of me with them I
also got me some louis vuitton sun
glasses it's going to be sunny office
it's going to be signing up odd can be
sunny by then it's going to be sunny all
over the Middle East a lot of you guys
are saying that it's cold over there but
the cold that you guys are feeling there
that's summertime for us Americans
that's like like 60 70 degrees that's
like that's really hot for me so I'm
gonna need some shades I fell so in love
with these louis vuitton shades i'ma
show you guys I know I always lose
shades but I made a promise I seen these
sunglasses I promise I will not lose
even over I will not lose them in an
airplane because oh man look at these
nails look at it man look at this wow
this is insane
these louis vuitton sunglasses were six
hundred and thirty-five dollars but with
tax they went up to $700 I know it's a
lot but they're dope okay last but not
least I got me a Louis Vuitton duffel
bag all my life I've always wanted a
Louboutin duffel bag so I feel like
today is eight days I feel like I made
an achievement because all my life I
want to deliver time duffle bags I
finally got a Louboutin duffel bag this
is the one I got right here this is
going to be my baby I'm going to take
care of it so so much I was going to get
one that had like a high like a giraffe
on it but that bag was like half the
size of this one and this one is like
much more bigger you can fit much more
space so either get a bigger one with
where you can fit a lot of space and
yeah I'm ready free mom what's up muffin
hey how you doing
bacon chips please she was done did I
miss the teacher yeah I missed a teacher
you had to go with the teacher what did
you learn today no a good nap what did
you do
I mean he was snatching something you
were snatching stuff on the teacher
oh all right guys before I go I don't
promise you guys that they're going to
do the flip the bottle
Challenge Boston has been practicing
Rema have you been practicing know rema
has been practicing because she's always
in school so Marcin isn't practicing a
little bit i'ma try right now fool
look up little no no no I give it a
given water doctor
oh you gotta hit me my mother chose and
he got a different
oh-oh-oh
guys that was out off guard I wasn't
even able to tell him for him to go when
he got in the first trip also to get him
ready and some go what do you got okay
was it he hug you hey that is it
what money mom mom we got and his
friends tried okay hey so fight it go
come on
okay dooming yang I am at the airport
right now I'm in the lounge
probably doesn't look like an airport
but this is the movie theater area this
is a movie theater area which is insane
uh-huh
if you love and I miss my family so so
much ready Reba mustard my dad everyone
say yeah I miss you guys so so much I
love you guys but it's time for Duma
gang and to take you guys on tour with
me and I'm really excited and I'm always
I'm always up for new things so I'm
really excited for to take you guys on
this journey with making really fun hey
hey hey hey hey hey
JJ's shine and a Duke of attention they
always love me to show Harrison of life
so I'm like you know what here like here
look look look he's about missing so
much where this dude seriously deklay's
oh sweet I know man I'm so mad that I'll
snack three hours I know right and we
could even eat because Gnostic so long
it's gonna hate but we're coming because
you can do it eight and he got to come
to America real soon so it's Donald
Trump Letterman man let him in bro wait
a minute he's cool go ahead except
upside mount and Harris well i'ma see
you soon love you both okay bro not was
good
oh goody are you looking hang a row now
just came through cathodic and then I
don't know I don't know have two places
that were going through but he knows he
knows most of it and we all go and after
that we will get out is let's get a pop
this book
what's not to do me getting I am about
to take a shower right now I'm heading
to a man I flying with a man Airways and
I'm flying first class and they got me
dope dope stuff toothbrush toothpaste
lotion facial moisturizer lip balm and I
- I don't know what I Joe but I asked
them with that I gel and you're like
sometimes I better get dehydrated so to
put it around your eyes oh this is
really good
awful maybe it gave me conditioner thank
you so so much for the condition as I
expected a shower with my Gucci slop on
or not I don't know you guys want to
know something funny when I took the
flight one of the flights on this came
up to me to let are you Adam Kyle and
all that gear and at the end when I was
leaving she was like go through the
pilot the pilot once it sees so she took
me to the pilot pilot would like fangirl
me he was like oh my god I'm like what
the heck
islet going things for like for me or
anything like that so I went inside
where like this slide and the picture is
right here they both with social
nitrogen shadows to you
we'll move this mess nice nice henna
girl you must type hi and people of many
looking to see all my life life but how
bad we need what you work with you won't
even have big I know you like I want to
spit it in Arabic I'm a coffee airline
of it halibut
he gave it yeah sure sure what's Emma
doing Samantha actually like that nice
hi guys we finally got to up it and I'm
so so happy but I was so exhausted
because I flight got delayed I supposed
to go to the school to this College to
visit and do like a Q&A thing but since
my flight got delayed because of the UK
always because it UK room always because
it you can be delayed to fly for like
two hours
I missed the connecting flight so I was
supposed to go for mosque up all the way
to happen so I couldn't make it all
sorts of be a cop at 9 a.m. in the
morning but now me and other here at 3
p.m. so have today is always to us from
say I'm so sorry to anyone from Doha
College I couldn't make it
I'm going to see you guys for the show
tomorrow and it's going to be a fun
Sunday I'm going to end the vlog here
because I am exhausted
we haven't even started the first show
and I'm already exhausted like this is
this is crazy but um ah yeah I'll see
you guys tomorrow
and I'll see you HOT but uh mom take
care
all right don't baby believe me we wanna
be I know your father will be powder for
your honesty
don't let anybody tell you what you
wanna be Oh baby you can have anything
you want to me
