I am mad I am mad do me gang and i'ma
tell you guys why do you want to know
why my dad is passive that's best so I
am mad because today I woke up around
two to three o'clock I went out to get
something from the post office so I got
my package from the post office I come
back home thinking that I'm gonna have a
family day I'm gonna take out Rima I'm
gonna take out Marcin I'm gonna take out
my whole family then I come home and no
one is at home
other than Marcin and my dad so I call
my mom and I found out that they all
left to a wedding some day it's supposed
to be a family day for me but now my
family left me to go to a wedding and I
asked my mom why why did you take Rima
like I was supposed to vlog and have a
good vlog for you guys but she told me
it's because the bride wanted to see
Rima and I'm like what the heck why
would the bride what Rima in her wedding
trust me you do not want Rima at your
wedding I promise you she's gonna take
away all the spotlight and you're gonna
get really really mad
it's like this and wedding this is Reema
your room okay let's say this is the
bride the bride is right there Remo's
right there on your wedding you want the
whole spotlight on you right but when
you bring Reema it's not a good decision
I've seen it happen and it was really
really embarrassing and cringy you my
son la Happy Feet getting married you
Bheema oh my god yes he was even like
this what about me is my wedding school
you anybody you do not want Reema at
your wedding but I'm stuck with this
half-naked loser next to me so I decided
you know what let's just answer some
snapchat questions what funny snapchat
questions so I did a snapshot right now
telling you guys to give me some funny
funny questions on snapchat so I can
answer them on today's video if you guys
love home videos make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go go cookie go cookie and
go Turkey if you like home videos q2
give it a thumbs up yes go cook you were
waiting for you
just right there dick right there do it
so I can answer my snapchat okay without
further ado we're gonna answer some
snapchat funny questions
hi I am I hope I make it to your vlog
and my question would be if he Iseman or
Jasmine whatever she were to ask you out
what do you say yes so she asked me if
he has him in a jasmine which was my
crush back a few months ago if she would
ask me out what I see us okay so my
office end is gonna answer this question
for me No
hello they say them as Adam but it looks
like Drake what yeah I'm going with
whatever that girl said in the
background what the heck what the heck
girl I can't even hear you why you
whisper in my ears aren't that big like
Slim's that I can hear you whisper I
love you soon hello so I had a question
if um Rima has ever told you she likes
someone who has Rima ever told me she
likes someone yes she did as a friend
though she hasn't told me like if she
had a real crush like Jamaa still doing
I have two American in reality my shy
and I don't know I'm settling I know
this isn't funny but do you have any
famous youtubers you want to collab with
soon um are you two bar that would love
to collab with is um um to be honest I
don't even I don't mind Clubman with
anyway songs are cool um I don't mind he
is in most annoying nefi there you have
her had the most annoying nephew that
I've ever had is no one none of my
family is annoying I love them all
except for you mustn't oh why they get
caught singing in the mirror or spying
on my crush probably singing in the
mirror because he I caught spying on
your crush that's just that's just
creepy imagine like my bad I was just
you know like I was in your bathroom
because I was just trying to see if like
you know like it's like I'm out does
your mom ever create your videos by the
way love you I love you too uh my mom
yes mom is like my number one
fan-like she watches my videos every
single day then you know you guys write
comments down below mom comes up to me
and gives me a live comedy she's like
Laois why would you do that huh when you
black with a drunk lady why don't you
run away huh why don't you run away I'm
like mom I did run away she was chasing
me oh don't talk back to me Oh hiya dad
my question is would you rather eat poo
for the rest of your life or drink we
for the rest of your life a drink we
drink iaj is when you can drink we she
means pee would I rather eat poo for the
rest of my life or drink we for the rest
of my Oh what the heck
um probably pool because pool looks like
chocolate hey Adam my question for you
is um what a biggie what would be hard
to tell someone that you love them or
that you don't love them back
this dude is like eight years old
talking about love and I'm so so sorry
for making you guys snapchat me at like
10 o'clock at night but my homie I think
it's harder for me to tell someone that
I don't love them because I don't know I
care more about the other people instead
because their feelings I'm I hurt their
feelings if I tell them I don't love
them I don't know I just I just care
more about other people's like emotions
and their feelings more than mine I want
to know how much do you mean a fight I
mean Rima we rarely we don't even we
rarely rarely fight we just argue
sometimes about like the stupidest
things but we never ever ever fight me
anymore like a connection is good on the
other hand mean Mawson we fight a lot
where do you see yourself in ten years
in ten years I see myself um um I don't
see myself happier I see myself
healthier with some mini adams and
vlogging with some mini Adams so like
when do you plan on marrying me wait
there's no ring here like patience is
beautiful
I'm gay now ring for you live in a
bathroom for the rest of your life with
no food or water or live with Donald
Trump for the rest really what the heck
what I live in a bathroom with no food
or water or what I live with Donald's
dump I mean Donald Trump for the rest of
my life you know what I'll probably live
with Donald Trump instead and like you
know be like yo can you buy me that buy
me
by me that and if he does give me money
I'll donate it's like the Middle East
and I'll help out people have you ever
farted in front of your mom
hey hey dad dad have ever farted in
front of a lot what boy who did a fart
in front of the mom who ever didn't fart
in front of their mom they're just not
human can you sign my Nikes that are
white when I come to your concert please
of course
assign it assign it just like that
scribble you just did hey Adam so my
funny question for you is have you ever
did anything girly when we were a kid
yes lovely I so many puppy like the
tongue was coming out I was distracting
me but have I ever done anything girly
when I was a kid
um yes I saw always put on nail polish I
don't know why and then like remove it
with the nail polish remover because I
thought was really cool how it just like
vanishes and I so own a pink Power
Ranger
she was my first-ever girlfriend and
yeah I'm hoping I was a story about the
pink ranger don't say it
did you pick your nose in the last three
days
yeah and ate it harder why does Hamza
always all of these flaps I have no clue
but I love about it is that he's
confident he's always confident he
doesn't care so I don't know I guess
he's happy instead of Buffalo just do
LOC wanna man it's filled with like
Yemenis and Muslims and they love you
just saying like for real like you went
from Jennifer Lawrence to superwoman
to Selena Gomez - yes mean - Sarah to
Queen Elizabeth to Selena - it's just
it's just like small like your small
crushes is not just as nice stop asking
me those questions or someone go to
Buffalo or Luck wanna autosh whatever
city you're tall guy like of those
little shit again
she's so cute
who made her who made her asked him he
wants it he likes you who you likes you
she said whose fart would you add this
what's up with those four questions
when are they smell my fart or someone
else's for I think I think probably
you're for it cuz like to yourself your
fart smells like you know like like
Febreze like you know that secret
cologne you know what I'm saying
oh yeah drama queen Cena to LaVon oh
yeah drama queen or should I say King
since you're born was I drama queen or
drama King since I was a little boy to
be honest I was a little bit because
whenever I used to lose any game I just
start a whole fuss and be like I don't
care man I don't care I was like Jumanji
man he starts going insane whenever like
something small happens that was that
was pretty much me I'm gonna end the
vlog here I hope you guys enjoyed it if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey thank you guys so so
much for a lot of support if you guys do
not know the Middle East tour is coming
up at the end of January and beginning
of February so make sure you guys get
your tickets for Doha papad Abu Dhabi
Dubai Muscat Oman and I believe with
Mama Zero is batting beheading I can't
forget you guys beheading so make sure
you guys get your tickets and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
domi yang take care and peace I love you
so baby please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be part of
so let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want to me
