me right here
ready set go hey guys what's up resuming
gank I hope y'all having an amazing day
because we're having an amazing day so
for having an amazing day
save that singing for the UK tour right
save it don't don't don't don't say this
singing for you
we're running really really like we're
running really really late today's sales
birthday and it's my sister's birthday
so we're gonna go throw throw a little
birthday party for say F and my sister
so we're gonna see how it goes and
already I'm gonna give save chips you
can get with chips hers birthday wow
that's amazing just like how you try to
give a the funny killer clown chips hi
guys I'm gonna see you guys in the next
shot is running really look they're
ready they're ready look look at you
look at his face look at his dude you
okay this dude looks like he's about to
go to like the North Pole you okay you
sure yeah let's go yeah we're on our way
to say F's house Yusuf's house and
muslin he's been crying and to sit with
me in the front so now it's like
assignment allowed to make him stand in
front but Muslim gets his ways he's such
a spoiled brat he anything he wants he
gets it his way he needs to stop doing
that it's pretty dangerous but I'm
holding him tight and he's here playing
with sayif's presents that my sister got
him you got say F to say F loves Batman
his whole birthday party's like a Batman
theme so it's gonna be really really
dope and y'all came Asin guys I just got
to say abs plays happy birthday and was
everywhere
how do you say fine it's five he's the
same age as Reema what wish young pinata
goodbye what is that goody bags so
we can give the candy to people kids
yeah well thank you that about it and
goody bags check out cookies chips girls
you go darling get creepy kids you're
not doing right do it again why you
gonna be the Batman after you love him
Yussef just came from Mexico says give
you a crazy birthday I got so my sister
makes the best I'll see I got so my
sister makes the best I see a famous
Yemeni food is how you do it huh I think
you go like this and go like that
oh wait I'll end up burning oh my gosh
you just got to shake it like this yeah
just go and just keep going
oh yeah this is a workout man how do
ladies do this this is why well yeah
many mothers have like powerful fists
and arms to like be big kids like this
what I'll do right
I'll ask my sister I'm doing right I saw
my whole family's here living my whole
family and they keep telling me change
my hair color to this color that color
would you mind telling me to change it
which color yeah many black to the
Yemeni flag so even but red white and
black even make my hair three colors
just make it right bless you Oh bread
why every big a red because it reminds
me of hot cheetos I got
I'm starving we're em cupcakes maybe
o-m-g this is guys like this man
mashallah guys this is the famous
lasagna hmmm guys one thing wrong my
sister she goes all out man Michelle she
goes all out but who the hell do you
have ever see the lives where a July
birthday parties is like so ratchet and
lame look at this they're making like
bags a cup I would the Adams family
going it is a feeling he's stealing clue
what this is my favorite color blue
cupcakes man that'd be what I'd be
holding man help do look what the hell
help you up
hi guys guys see that me show you guys
how to eat it's what you do take your
fingers no spoons no Forks you go like
this it's like a little gravy in here
but we call it meta I'm gonna go like
that and then you just eat it no you
don't chew it you just swallow so choose
what sometimes it's kind of too hot so
you have to use a spoon I feel real real
yummy then you don't use spoons or
nothing like that
go well how did you get this balloon get
it but I gotta go mom man God stop that
gotta have hot you know
your mother you try not ready
come on come on idiot why did I go
bullies a half would bite
thanks cigars thanks cigarettes it Oh
lupus smoke comes off just a little bit
of smoke guys thumbs up for me to pull
prank on my dad pretending I'm smoking I
mean like weed or marijuana is like the
college it looks like ready don't don't
do this kids already look I feel look
here see so watches I see it smoke comes
how does it - the cakes ready I can I
get a hug first
yeah me say I've had a whole fight and
uses vlog like a really huge huge fight
so if you guys want to see it go watch
this vlog the link will be down below
and yeah we had a big really really big
fight - I was gonna see who wanted me
yourself longest said that's one kind
explain - he's so yeah I'm trying to
make a decision I was like let's switch
Kassab I feel like staff he's he's like
he's he's super ratchet like me and he
can have read me orders which I'm down
I'll half stay up for a day you don't
have Rima Thursday I'll like he's pretty
much more cooperative you know like it
alright let's not stop doing bad just
stop if you tell Sam stop being bad
you're gonna punch it
well it's nice oh you wish I don't get
me a bad man break with the pocket okay
hello make much how many wishes gonna
make missing another wish what's this
wish huh
for what you gonna do for this one get
me know Batman come it's not one oh yeah
another wish you happy
they're ready
yeah
hey hey
I got to do the pinata right now Deena's
crying no clue why she's scared of
bemmon okay let's go baby let's go go go
everybody
oh oh oh
see told me cousin I
ah you won't break its warning the most
ratchet family award goes to diamond
okay do me hang I am back home today was
a crazy crazy ratchet day if you guys
enjoyed it make sure you had a thumbs up
and go Turkey
thank you guys so much for your love and
support that you guys show every single
day I truly appreciate all the support
Yacht Show on YouTube with the comments
with a thumbs up the tweets Facebook
you've not never use Facebook Instagram
with the likes and comments I appreciate
you guys every single day and all the
support you guys always show my rider
that I do means do me gang you guys are
the bestest thank you guys so so much I
am heading tomorrow I'm flying out for
the Middle East tour so if you guys
haven't got your tickets for Middle East
makes you guys get your tickets and I'm
so excited like this is my first ever
Middle East tour that we can be doing
shows and Doha last time I did a regular
meeting week this time doing a show oh
man I did a meeting like two years ago
this time I'm doing a show Bahrain I've
never been there I'm gonna do a show
over there Abu Dhabi and Dubai which is
the big big festival so yeah I'll see
you guys tomorrow do ba take care or
peace I'll owe you so baby please be who
you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of you
so don't let anybody tell you what
you're gonna be Oh baby you can have
anything you want to me
