next question is what will you do if
Adam gets married to a Christian hey
guys what's up for do me gang I hope
y'all having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day
Adobe Gang I'm here at the new Adams
family house in New York and talk about
New York City there's something crazy
that happened in Times Square and it was
all caught on video so let's come inside
and let's let's watch the video and
react to it but we don't really know
what happened in the video that starts
off with like a car racing let's see
let's watch it come
giant squid he's burning up pronounced
islands in Times Square
he got no that's right in front of the
precinct it's just here's it there's
like no traffic right you know it's a
man trap we got here in time scales go
on or the staccato Oh what's he doing
look up yo he's not stopping you over
that's messed up oh my god they're
running up dead but this was one with
his guy that's messed up there's no way
you guys know where to go so much
traffic on here
damn the cops got to run down with cold
bear hugs he's on the loose
buddy there's no way he's gone so you're
telling me right now that night on the
loose I guess that is crazy times
Frizzle
we have to do be getting right now I'm
in my office I want to do like something
every mother dear so we react to a video
so let me know which crazy video you
guys want us to react to and be reacting
to it in a sense of crazy stuff Wow
Adobe gang that was just a little
segment that I always want to do with
you guys in my office where I get to
react to some crazy crazy videos to
always tweet me I'll leave a comment of
a crazy video you guys want me to react
then in the vlogs here and there I'll be
using my office to react to it or to be
doing like rants and stuff and talks
they're always gonna be in that office
but today it's gonna be real
really while I'm doing a
question-and-answer my first ever
question-and-answer with my mother mama
sullen and I know you guys got a lot of
questions for my mom you guys are
tweeting me questions to my Twitter
right here follow me on Twitter if you
guys want to say update or everything
also do me guys subscribe if you guys
want to stay updated with my videos
every single day
subscribe and upload really batch of
videos every single day that every what
you guys to watch and tomorrow I'm gonna
be at the dentist or might be getting my
wisdom tooth or cavi I don't know what's
going on in my teeth but it really
really hurts and I'm going to the
dentist tomorrow do not forget to thumbs
up and go turkey and let's have some fun
we're gonna have a fun basketball
challenge and I have a special guest his
name is slim Oh vacation you know I'm
saying my sake saw me up side the right
side little my senior so before I do the
Q&A with my mom me slim we're gonna do a
basketball challenge because today the
Cavs and warriors are playing and that's
like a crazy crazy wild game he's always
on for the Cavs I'm always going for the
boys they don't say it take a double
using I'm say Kevin Durant Steph Curry
with this shot boy oh man he's bringing
out the freaking calves you know I'm
saying yeah I don't even have my
Warriors one but they're played today
and I'm telling you that my warriors are
gonna win like like always man this is
gonna be something different than I do
with the vlogs meet slim or really
really big basketball fans so we're
gonna have fun we're gonna do a
basketball challenge we're gonna make it
live because slam we're always late you
know I'm saying that's my best friend my
best friend my best friend my best
friend that's my best friend my best
friend my best friend my best friend is
my best friend my Faysal we pretty much
have to imitate other players NBA
players and we have to guess who they
are so I'm should I go first and you
gotta guess what is oh my god I'm about
to go first slave you have 30 seconds to
guess um what player I am which player
ready
I'm not that good at it by the way
bullets
we won't do another one like yeah like
two two is tide comes up you guys wanted
to be in the next black cuz now I gotta
go upstairs to my mommy so I'm uh I'll
have to see you guys didn't slip up the
rock be holding down the fort
yeah you know I'm saying I got you guys
never gonna be safe wish me luck man q a
goat up it was a fun challenge
do me gang I'm here at my mother's spot
this is like her legendary spot I'm bout
to the Q&A question answer mama this the
first-ever question-and-answer with you
so I'm gonna ask you questions and you
answer okay we have the only Baba Salah
here he's gonna join us with the Q&A oh
no we're gonna do a question answer with
mama solid alright guys Reema's gonna
ask the first question into ma masala
ah sir go
marry your son Adam stability Dada
my mom was asking Rima if she knows like
a girl for me I to get married - so no
she says she's amazed idea she doesn't
know okay alright so this is gonna be a
competitive question this question is
Paulo did I get my looks from you masala
dhaba masala
No next question it says when would you
like Adam to get married mattaniah zoic
which tini what the hell mom just said
I'm getting married after that what all
these questions are about like marriage
yourself next question is what will you
do if Adam gets married to a Christian
what does that mean to me so my mom is
saying that in the Quran a Muslim in the
Koran it says you can you're allowed to
marry someone who's Krishna and someone
whose al-khattab she got it the boss
what about well I have been in that what
do you love about your children
yeah from your kids and your grandkids
rimas number one no that may be number
one number one
next question Adama says which country
do you want to do you want me to take
you next and what do you say blood
anyway which one Yemeni Micah Micah I'm
um I'll take you to my gosh
Dubey okay mom said number one look at
Saudi Arabia she wants to go I'll take
you soon I got you what kind of girl do
you want me to get married to ain't
Benny how does she how does she have to
be how I like a a yes my type
I got no type bad it's the only King
that I like do people ask you about your
work what does she say what do you say
when who asked you about my job on
YouTube and what else you said what it
started
do me gank we're done I hope you guys
enjoyed if you did thumbs up for mom
Sally I love you so much kissing her
feet cuz I love her daddy mom thank you
and thank you so much I love you
Rima babbling on you I'm joking do you
guys enjoy this video make sure you give
it a thumbs up subscribe thank you guys
so much I will see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace alone Turkey I still
work the late shift still so far from
greatness I still got half a good girl
still violate a fake Church just got
home from Lebanon my passport got so
full I had to get another one back my
life in a runway PJs on a PJ head not so
as a DJ I got baby I'll replay sack
paper like a briefcase
you face your fear of heights a day
don't worry worry worry your whole life
away
cuz
