hey guys what's up amigo I hope you all
have an amazing because I'm having an
amazing day so amazing you are sure you
having an amazing happy dance you guys
are almost getting there almost getting
there all right guys so I was supposed
to show you guys a little mini surprise
or like a mini like a mini shock today
but I couldn't do it because I actually
I'll tell you guys I wanted to change my
hairstyle to something really really
different but I need a weight - my hair
grows a little longer so now you guys
probably getting close of what I'm
trying to do in a month or two I will do
and I'll keep you guys updated for now I
might change the color either back to
normal or to a different color so you
guys have no income as well different
color color and let me know which color
or back to normal and if you guys do not
know Bossin got something to be modeling
for a bit for something as a baby but
when he's three right now he has two so
so I'm really really excited hopefully
it works out but the only thing is I
feel bad for whoever like whoever's a
photographer of Mawson because he's the
worst he doesn't know how to move like
will vlog this is okay he can move but
when he takes a picture he doesn't know
how to stay still I'm gonna show you
guys right now okay get up stand up so
let's see it Santa Buena let's say he's
modeling this shirt and he has to hold
it take a picture okay hold this okay
I'm gonna show you guys I come here and
I got to take a picture out stay still
no no no no no you're next to Nixon hi
ready
you have to pose and go okay now hold
the item hold I had when Betty said wait
actually he's doing pretty good I'm
surprised why is he not like only on
camera okay see you this way Kim dude up
there hold this
I say cheese well she's doing pretty
good actually I take that back he's he's
doing pretty good my name I be a good
really good baby model but I don't know
I just feel like he's gonna give the
photographer a big big headache Bob keep
you guys updated when he's three maybe
five yeah
yeah do me John thumbs up thumbs
close up hi guys I'm heading out I'm
gonna go see slim and the homie mom to
keep and I'll see you guys in the next
shop what's up guys I'm on a pizza shop
right now without me the key to keep
suicide I'm actually taking them to this
dope Thai restaurant Thai food spot but
slim is not here and I'm really really
hungry some you need something small
which is a slice of pizza and after i'ma
take them all the way to the Thai food
spot Thai food pops gonna be amazing
like she's a really really good
that type of one so it's not good all
over the Bahama see this Thai food you
gonna be amazing
I promise me I promise it pumps if I
don't you can slap me I bet I do me XO
me and Nikki just finished eating pizza
and this lady stepped on my freaking
space James man we're in the back
literally in the freakin back come on
huh is that mark yeah there's a little
marking the butt in it oh man oh my god
now with so Dory's I was sewing I look
back I got so angry that he's like sorry
I'm like oh man I felt like grabbing her
say do not ever ever in your life step
on my sneakers I just got it these are
space jams girl oh I'll picaud you
chilli go to space I'm just joking but I
got so angry she's stuck in my sneakers
but it's all good you know it's just
it's just sneakers but uh I keep on
saying slim
I'm saying slim but someone's coming
doing a few Nikita's looking for a
sweater to get because interest for the
weather is freezing cold outside and he
needs a sweater punch before you get
sick so gives you going to these uh I
like for your like four days too late
man I'll okay let's get one mess around
people Happy New Year bro 2010 this is
some of him I know it looks 2010 point
Happy New Year Jenna wait for it when
y'all have a tea what's up you can't be
like it look at you sum it up I don't
think I know I could take a Susan Happy
New Year I believe you guys so we're
gonna go up to slimmin College later
we'll meet up with them and we're gonna
see the reaction they're probably
violently have you ever thank you man
what seniors resolution that's great Oh
accept any city what's really your bowl
how much you got in a shot show me what
you got how much you got an action on
this yes I am copyrights nephew uncles
oh wait super to super soon
to be to hear shooter sure I happen to
me
happy new about Thank You Man thank you
happy new vanity we should having a
wedding
Thank You shoulder got laid it all day
thank you very useful woman are men oh
well it's both I got I'll get a pic one
semester I mean these look menacing you
wanna cheat about how you gotta cheat
one I got I got now I'm getting a big
one you don't have to get a cheaper but
only if you want damn but now we look so
silly big flounces yeah eyes like I did
on warbling yeah yeah what is that
supposed to be this works out your body
hey my boys working that way from Brazil
Brazil my man from Brazil yeah hey Rizzo
some friggin is don't know what they
call me right cause they call me name
are ready did you get the ball you can
get this box for me in 30 seconds I'll
buy you anything over here
okay
okay 30 seconds what's in it okay
Gabriel I Gabriel you can go I'll count
it he can get this ball in 30 seconds
I'll buy him anything around here I'm
ready
oh yeah yeah yeah like five seconds bro
I felt like 40 seconds this one yeah he
won and he wants this football you sure
you don't want something else better
yeah my buddy what's up man hi speak of
a high doing my dog ask yourself buddy
what's good come again girl I made a to
be a was the father you did everything
on my phone buddy now you're in the
video that's my bed nice to meet you too
buddy hey Shana what something off like
a big football this one I agree so if
you want to get like something better
let me know I do on a basketball court
no sure
I'm trying to get him like something
like good I just feel like this is he
deserves more because he did I thought
42nd I got it thank you
what's is that right there high five but
you got a good son yeah how's max man
anytime Thank You Man I appreciate a
minute hey fuck man Gabriel give it up
thanks cool who's gonna see I lost track
of time oh yeah we're gonna see a check
back here it's all get pretty sure we
were just on a 30 just under but I'm
happy that kid here cuz you know you
always got a oh you gotta make people's
days every single day because that's not
ass tomorrow if I make one person smile
a day it just makes my whole day so
every day my goal is always to make
someone smile and you guys should do
that to make at least one person smile
guys we're about to see slim right now
we haven't seen her for a whole year so
but a lot of fans are coming up and
asking me why do I have this on I'm like
it's 2017 right
that was a pretty smooth confusing
something right
obviously Volvo I need speech as the
hell he's looking for the road
you'll see this to my face this is about
me huh he's looking for us we just say
let's just say hello it's the Martian
Space Jam God hey you know I wanted them
to and you get to without me I didn't
know I got ya the easy suit a canyon a
nice guy Mira Houston you gonna go -
whoa no super yeah but you have a man so
good you buy too much now shut up bro
you're like a pack of bubble this is
bubblegum we just got to this Thai food
spot but I'm taking them I'm ordering
you guys the best order on here just
home boom boom Chicka Boom Boom take it
and go
hi guys I gotta pee for everyone I got
inside food how would you guys to try it
on a few reactions I do
exaggerated good
I'm fighting my food right now
laughs really good good
hi guys we just left Thai foods but how
was it was banging right that's good
yeah
I don't get a sob in her face nice I got
you now all right now I think is really
doing a selfie cam I know this is a vlog
it you know what it was that I love love
you say that all right so we're guys
we're going to actually yeah of course
I'm ready buddy oh yeah I'm Lewbert
is ready knows they always got things
right ready to go we got things to do we
don't know that I guys know what to
plant the spot this is our spot action
burger to play some games in our office
a swim is so into the game some up out
of the pit oh oh oh I'm gonna win
brother versus brother right now
oh well how did you got some rune few I
don't think I forgot you
we're oh just get back here hey do me
gang I am so so scared I forgot to
mention this to you guys people were
tweeting me telling me if I have a ghost
in my house actually it was hamza and
Hayley's house and I will show you guys
right now in the vlog and I'm also going
to show the kids just to see like if it
really is a ghost because someone
tweeted to me and it looked so so scary
I don't know if it's like if it's was
something there but I need to go back to
his house and check if it was really a
ghost or not so this video that I
uploaded it was the thousand-degree
knife thingie with the clown mask and if
you look closely in the background about
to play the video right now if you look
closely in the background there's like a
shape of a face window there's like a
little face right there see it there's a
face it yeah it's a shape of a face has
like a shape of like eyes and like a
mouth yeah it is a shape okay do me get
it's time to wrap up this vlog I hope
you all enjoy this vibe you did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey thank you guys so so much for
your love and support it truly means the
world and doomy gang you guys are
amazing and I cannot wait to take you
guys on this 2017 journey with me cuz
it's about to get wild and stop and I
see some of you guys commenting saying
Adams from Yemen why is he commenting
saying go to Turkey now like I'm not
even go Turkey is just the hell out
version of go ham or go hard and I don't
know I'm thinking since everyone's
always so confused of go Turkey I'm
thinking of not even saying go Turkey
anymore you guys let me know because
people they always ask they're always
asking they're always confused so I
don't know well anyways I'll see you
guys tomorrow do me Hank
yeah take care yeah yeah love you I love
you hello hello all right
and challenge Hey so baby please be who
you wanna be I know your father will be
proud of who you're gonna be so don't
let anybody tell you what you gonna be
Oh baby you can have anything you
amazing
