Hey
hey guys what's up a do me gang I hope
y'all having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so if we're
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day
give me a hug mrs. dude so much love is
over but Muhsin had another day with a
teacher and he's learning really really
fast mashallah look at this I'm gonna
sing a song and he's gonna know like the
last word of it ready yeah twinkle
twinkle little how I wonder what you up
above the world so high like a diamond
in the sky
the wheels on the bus go yeah rounded
listen he's trying to say it but you
can't like you can't talk a lot yet he
just tries to let it out like I know he
knows he's only two years old
two and a half I feel like when Remo was
it was his age Remo spoke a little bit
more for him he's really quiet and like
I don't know not shy but just like he's
bad but he's really he's really really
quite he wants to shoes oh he's doing it
again too late for you to go all right
now sure okay imma take you out when
it's a little warm okay look if you lo
here he shows it again to me gang I just
got the Queen sent of all I'm in the
maintenance I'm waiting for swim to come
we were going to go to the mall in New
Jersey but we didn't know nothing about
New Jersey and I haven't been to a mall
in New York City for so long the last
time actually what's the mall in New
York City was like like years ago five
or like a year or a year and a half ago
hi guys we got to the space called
Paxton we sent them all holes least the
best like clothes here so I'm looking
around see which one to choose thing am
I getting white pant or like light blue
pants
I don't know what's going to shoot what
are you getting when Father let me think
well subtle is the key with your
creature what you guys think about this
nothing what like something like I
really like just like okay I want to get
this so bad
it's like though I think it looks fired
but that drugs made it seem like it
looks like it looks like yeah like
diarrhea like someone pooped in your
pants I don't know I think I'm still
getting it like in the eggs over biggest
food it's too big a lot one day he's a
mix man the next day is a constant as
old is the absolute the war it's a
nation baby next week is a little
bronzer rocket red like you don't know
what's wrong yeah let me get the moves
on the move show me you doing over there
little Megan is consuming I'm done
shopping that's it I got something
really really simple because I thought
about it we're doing a partner in crime
video we're not doing to get money get
cars get something video this is a
partner in crime videos I feel like all
we need is something simple so I got a
simple white tee simple hoodie simple
jeans everything simple I don't want to
go all out because the video is already
all us being there you know what I'm
saying
hi guys so I just bought me this sweater
right here we came up with this decision
for the music videos to wear the same
clothing for me slim to wear the same
exotic clothes because that's something
simple work something similar like the
same thing because that's your partner
in crime you should be where you know
something's together so I met so many of
you guys today and some of you guys were
like literally like I'm not going to say
it's painful you guys like going over
board like trying to get my number
grabbing my phone and stuff like that so
let's say something about at the end of
this vlog I want to continue a positive
blog where I'm gonna talk about that to
end of this vlog so stay tuned I send it
as luck
yeah I'd never know she was this close
oh really
I seem to have a confession for me son
what he always laughs I mean telephone I
just have always laughed at me for
giving away numbers to sand stuff like
that hey I didn't really give any number
out because I know it was really awkward
but slim ended up giving his number away
to an eight-year-old kid what would you
give your Democrat so aeo it is okay he
just kept asking slippers number and you
and then I believe he was just like my
dad after my dad someone to look up like
looking away it some felt so bad he was
like I know what I'm gonna be give him
on over I still gave his number
undetected in the shelter get up no man
hey now he's gonna call slim would be
like because sometimes eight-year-old
mentality and 8y old brain I think is
like you know we made a new friend you
know things maybe he should be your
partner in crime does I give my number
of like get up I am jealous oh I got a
protective homie now stop Oh give it up
a booth number do we know delete it no
you know what to keep us in a surprise
what you know huh
okay do me yank so I just got
matter really really fun day shopping I
got simple clothes partner-in-crime
should be done it should be ready for
January 28 I can not wait I'm so excited
for you guys to watch it enjoy it have
fun with it and it's dedicated to your
partner in crime because I want to see
all your partner in crime but I also
want to talk about something serious
today something that happened and I want
to talk about it because I don't want it
to happen in the future especially now
that I'm having a Middle East tour and a
UK tour so today something really really
crazy happened I didn't get to vlog I'm
gonna tell you guys what happened so me
slim highlights and Moana Kiwi wants a
queen Center Mall and really once a mall
in New York City to go shopping so the
moment we got in we met around like
literally once we got and we met like 20
people right away and that's when it
started we met everyone everyone is cool
there was a couple people that the way
they act was just like like there was so
like if they wanted to get something
from me and and if I said no they would
be like oh no I want it come on please
there was this girl who was asking me
for my number and I was just like I
don't really give out my number and she
was like no please can I get your number
and I didn't really know what to say I
was just like oh I really came as people
around like it's kind of really awkward
and then she kind of got mad at me and I
felt really bad like because she got mad
at me and like it made me made me kind
of feel like crap because what if she
goes around saying oh Adam was rude Adam
was such an a-hole
he asked him something he didn't want to
give me his number I don't know I'm just
whenever I meet fans I'm just I feel
like I want to give you guys my all I
want to give you guys like the best I
always want to be nice to you guys you
guys are like you guys are what made me
so always want to be nice but the same
time slim always tells me like Adam men
up stop being a softy if someone like
you know like doesn't give you any space
and like that like just just say who
cares what they say who cares what they
would think you know they should respect
you so there was a girl she was kind of
being like non-stop when I didn't give
her my number she ended up giving me her
number and putting it in my pocket and
at one point she came and like kind of
like came really close to my ear to the
point where like she licked it or kissed
I don't know what it was though it was
like saliva on my ear and I was like
what
and I could even move back it was like a
chair so I was like a little chair
behind me if I went back oh like trip so
I was just there I'm like I didn't know
what to do I'm like what the heck she
just kept talking to me I was listening
she just kept talking to me not mine and
she kind of didn't give me like any
space like I feel bad even mentioning in
the video but she was really sweet but
kind of like damn I wish I would have
said it there because now that I'm
saying in the video she's why we gonna
watching like what the hell's and that
but I kind of didn't get like any space
because she was just there and a lot of
fans were noticing a lot of the other
friends were sitting there waiting like
to get you know their pictures I already
took a picture with her so they're
waiting to get their pictures so there
they're like looking some fans were like
whispering in my ear like Adam are you
okay are you right like I feel bad I'm
so sorry for like you're getting no
space like like you're like she's like
here like next to you and I'll tell no
it's okay it's okay and she was kind of
still like kind of still there and I
believe there was this fan who worked
around the mall she's seen it happen
from across from like from the store
that she was working at she seen it
happen and she was I believe she snapped
like snapchatting some of it because she
found that really funny then after that
she felt really bad so that fan came up
to me kind of like grabbed me away and
brought me to this to the store and then
that fan got kind of mad and she was
like gave all I could look like what the
hell is she doing
and then that fan I grabbed me way she
brought me to the store and then she was
like I'm you okay I'm sorry you know
that girl's creepy this and that
whatever then that girl that fan that
was I mean she hurt her so when I went
out she was like all heard when she said
she called me creepy whatever she's a
hater hater and the other girl that
grabbed me she was like you don't know
me and then like a whole argument
started happening right in front of my
eyes and I'm like what the heck is
happening like a fight is breaking out
like it's about to break out right in
front of me
they're both arguing like cursing each
other out and I'm here in the middle of
it and I'm not gonna laugh what kind of
I felt kind of uncomfortable because I
didn't really want that to happen I was
trying to stop it
but then when I would stop it it felt
like the other person would think I'm
taking that person side that other
person would think I'm taking that front
side and I don't want to be in that
situation where like people think I'm
taking sides because you know I feel
like us as fans that do me
we're all one big family and I just
didn't really want to be in that
position we're like what they would
think I'm taking someone side so I ended
up just like literally just like turning
around just like leaving I didn't know
what to do in that situation and then
like 20 minutes later another fan tells
me that like cops and like security had
to go to the mall where the two girls
were like arguing and like fighting and
stuff like that so I felt really bad I'm
like what the heck like this whole fight
was caused because of me so I felt
really guilty and I felt I felt like I
felt like shit man like the whole night
I felt like shit like they had a whole
fight and that's why I'm making this
video I really want anyone who's like
who watches my videos anyone who you
know who meet each other and see each
other outside and like if you're around
each other it's always be nice one
another but also to anyone that meets me
too please please like respect me by
like not licking my ear or like not like
pulling like my hoodie or like taking
off my hat or grabbing my phone I am
slowly like you know starting to speak
up and that's why I'm making this video
to speak up a little about promise I'm
going to start speaking up in person if
anyone does something like that again
and if they do this is how I'm a sound I
would be like yo what are you doing like
you can't just doesn't come on a show it
only comes out like and I get protective
like if someone like like this is outta
dooming anger me and my family that's
one like bad boy Adam comes up but
someone does that I know you guys always
tell me like I don't speak up say
something but it was just really hard to
do it today because because I always
imagined if I would speak up and kind of
yell at the person who licked my ear
like wasn't give me any space if other
fans are watching thinking about what
this dude is like really really rude but
I need to stop care and what people
think so as of now I'm just going to
start speaking up and I'm just going to
say I'm just going to say whatever is on
my mind and I and if people think that's
rude then I guess that's on them because
I just feel like even my mom and dad I
told the story they were yelling at me
I'm like I'm here like now I get yelled
at because they're like stop letting
them do that do that to you idiot what
are you like a doll a dummy and I'm just
like I don't know I don't know what to
say man like I just feel really bad I
don't want to be rude or mean enough
like that so I really hope you guys
understand and to like the people that
had a fight today I really hope you guys
can at least make up
and speak with each other even though I
doubt that'll happen but I really hope
it doesn't happen again something like
this in the future I just wanna do me
act always love one another it's always
respect me too and I respect you guys
and I love you guys so much and I really
can't wait to meet you guys so that's
pretty much all I had to say I really
wanted to clear I really wanted to talk
about this one day and today was like I
was like I'm done like I'm going to
speak about any video one of the reasons
why I don't really go to like malls and
I always stay in the city where like
tourists like tourists are because
wherever I go anywhere something always
weird and bad like happens to me and
that's why today when I was somewhere
that's like we said I'm all it happens
to me because it's rare for me to go
somewhere like that and that's why when
the girl is telling me she was like oh
my god it's really rare to see here I
can't let you go and I'm like I need to
go she was grabbing I can't let you go
and I was like I need to go like I
really hope you guys understand I love
you guys so much and I'm sorry I don't
know what I'm sorry for but yeah I'll
see you guys tomorrow they do me with
some other daily vlogs take care and
peace oh and make sure you guys give us
like a thumbs up thumbs up if you guys
understand where I'm coming from and
thumbs up if you guys actually me to
speak up when people lick my ear or try
to like I don't know
thumbs up who might actually do that I
will I promise as long as you guys are
okay with it because if the video comes
out after saying oh my god look Adam was
rude that's that's never me you guys
know it's not me every time I meet a fan
every time I meet someone who watches my
videos or do me a I'm the nicest like
ever like you guys are my everything you
guys I'll see you guys as my family
that's the reason why I will never ever
ever be rude to you guys but someone go
to that limit I'm gonna have to speak up
and let them know so as long as you guys
okay with that thumbs up see you guys
tomorrow do me a I love you like don't
baby please be who you want to be I know
your father will be better for your
fantasy
anybody tell you what you wanna be oh
baby just gonna have anything you want
for me and I
