do not stop me
hey guys what's up and do me yeah I hope
you're having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so if we're
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day we're out
here in the city 34th Street I do not
know why I'm wearing my Easy's cuz it's
raining really hard I didn't know I was
reaiiy haven't checked the weather so I
came out me my brother we came up with
like a nice idea to give my dad an
extreme makeover not that he needs one
cuz he's already looking fresh just but
we want to give him one and I was here
for the fashion Channel because I have
not uploaded for the fashion channel for
a while but me my brother we're going to
go around look for something dope for
him and give it to him and enjoy the
time in his city then head back home
just got to gap the reason I going to
gap because they have my dad sighs I
don't know what to get him do I get like
something like a dope blazer like a I
want to give him like a dope mafia kind
of look like a boss like you know like
walking hey so me and my brother we
chose him out this blazer right here we
also got him
these pants she fire these jeans my dad
loves it baggy he doesn't like kind of
tight so we gave him a little baggy
right there and we had to give him we
got to give him an inside shirt and I
want to give him a boss hat and you know
what else we gonna choose shoes too hi
guys we just left gap and we weren't
allowed to film the crazy thing is there
was a guy in there who looks like like
one of us like you know like a hood and
stuff like that if you was shopping
ya know he was shopping that he came out
of nowhere he pulled out walkie talkie
he's like yeah I just told him not stop
to him and then came at us he was like
yeah you guys got to stop filming I'm we
looked around were like and then he
ended up talking to us and telling us
that from now on like around shopping
spots there's like undercover security
where like they check for like thieves
or people that steal stuff like that and
it's so insane because I would have
never thought he was like working like
he was looking around shopping and stuff
and he kept he kept staring out as yet
he kept staring at us the knife that I
just pulled out the walkie-talkie and
came over to us and I was like whoa
hands up in there but we already
at the blazer the inside of white shirt
the pants and now we just move the shoes
and the hat and we're going to go look I
want to get a hat inspired by Slim's dad
so hopefully they can be best friends
after that we've got a variety of hats
here maybe getting my blackman for I
don't know a beige I don't know
agree with you guys already know what
sure I'm gonna get look at this are you
this I was like you could play pinball
at Macy's it
Teddy Holloway this one is not moving
that what is that working I swear to God
I didn't lose that one is not working
and watch the key to it that's crucial
I'm gonna make your breath smell bad I
love garlic all right guys we got
everything from my dad the weather is so
horrible really really bad so we're just
getting head home and see how it goes
ready what this amazing
what good is bad right I hate elected I
can't vlog or nothing like it puts me in
a depressing mood and I always want to
give you guys the best black footage
every single day and I can't when the
weather's like this it just puts me in a
mood where like I don't feel like doing
anything but I want to give you guys the
best so weather please please some love
please make it sunny for the next week
okay why are you doing that are you
helping mom hey
I said are you helping my mom your mom
asleep yeah I do it like a hat but your
mom's okay no problem learn what I'm
gonna do though huh that's really cute
that's relationship goes that's
relationship go
okay guys by the way we finished the
video is gonna be up on the fashion
channel on Thursday I want it out I want
to see something you want to say
something what you want to say you have
something here make a wish it what do
you want to say I need that Mattie Sun
you love your three sons good man oh
that's sweet are you talking about I
love my daddy I love my like okay number
one yeah Adam Bryan you should know you
should be little bit there ha ha ha
hey yo he's roasted you if I'm not gonna
wash up like into it you need me free
not I use of a sweet use it you super
sweet I go what about me am i dummy I
didn't you say that ok I think I don't
know what we're talking about if you say
that there's gonna be a fight bro go do
you man you met not your night Bobo and
I pull out the hands come on ok
everything is OK what up cuz put up
falls what I'm cutting so I thought I'm
just joking what happening so I'm
planning out doing something really
really dope you guys gotta let me know
what you guys think I'm planning on
doing a new intro video from my vlog
channel and the new intro video is gonna
go something like this give you quick
like five six seconds but I want it like
have you seen full house like we show
like every member of like every
character in that show I want to show
like I remember the Addams Family like
maybe like half a second of mustn't have
a second Rima
have a second of Deena have a second of
like Jamel Hamza say you have me my
older brother my dad and like just like
something really really dope what do you
guys think let me know like something
that like I don't know I'm still working
on it I'm working on doing it myself but
I just I just wanted the stop picking he
knows what
did you just kiss my knee what I think
isn't my knee so I don't know stop
kissing my knee doki's money kids get
dues knee or kiss my mom's V not me okay
cuz I'm still a baby I'm saloon why I'm
gonna get kids attack alright guys so
you guys okay let's go to kids doesn't
know my kisses no more kisses it's not
what kisses no more kisses stop okay
what the heck is going on
okay okay okay stop stop the fight all
you guys gosh
Mawson just bit Dina he was lying - he's
gonna kiss it
he just bare what the heck I get okay
thank you so you guys let me know in the
comments below what do you guys think
about that like a dope like a the whole
Adams family and like I don't know you
guys let me know so you guys let me know
in the comments below and I'll be
working on it so hey look at this this
is dope I've always wanted Rima who's
this on my shirt Zayn
oh my god I know Justin Bieber Thank You
Jerrod he got it right did I got it
right yeah you win a prize I would take
you to trampoline spot and I'm gonna
take you to UK and you're gonna go to
Orlando Miami Disneyworld Oh fighting
ain't no fighting push me okay don't
push him back no fighting does that
happen what he's kissing Justin Bieber
he's killer doesn't do it wasn't it what
the heck oh thank you see your gives me
thank you wow yeah kissing Justin Bieber
oh my god okay okay I gotta go get I got
lost alive in my face yes what's alive
in my face okay that's it okay okay okay
hey let go look
honey you do that stop Jimmy see it
okay Mohsen stop biting people okay I
said stop bite
no stop biting people what are you wrong
with you son be a mouse
no you know you're not gonna fight fight
him or beat up anybody mustn't get up
you're gonna stop fighting okay you guys
feel it my bug a fight bite you okay
okay stop fighting what's wrong with you
guys
okay no nothing that you know you are
the loser
you are the loser but you going home
later okay okay okay can don't fight it
oh my God look at this oh my god guys a
whole brawl is happening the bed stop
what my blanket is trying to fight a
cover stop fighting oh my god this is
siblings fighting Rima and Mawson Hey
versus Dina and Jamel or dad comes in Oh
fights regular oh stop worldstar Oh
everyone to apologize to each other and
give each other a hug sigh where's
mustn't go say sorry
Muzzin what's wrong with you by playing
hard to get okay okay
no matter what I do
a lot of drama going on today with the
Addams Family is insane seriously man I
want you guys always hug each other and
always be one cuz the Addams Family is
one okay lyrica Deena such a drama queen
just God I got you gonna do okay do me
yank it it's time to wrap up this vlog I
hope you all enjoyed this vlog for dead
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey thank you guys so so much for all
your continuous love and support you
guys always show every single day I have
some dope dope videos dope dope vlogs
coming through this week fashion videos
are back also I'm trying to bring back
the main channel videos back so stay on
the lookout for that my main channel
it's almost at 2 million subscribers
this channels almost had 2.5 million
subscribers which is insane this is my
vlog channel just turn to like my main
channel and altogether I almost have 5
million subscribers that is literally
insane I wouldn't be here without you
guys at dooming so thank you guys so so
much stay tuned for the future videos
that's going to come through and I'm so
excited I'll see you guys tomorrow don't
take care or pitch allow you I love you
so baby please be we wanna be I know
your father will be proud of you
so don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna be Oh baby you can have anything
I
