he's I'm making him he's one of smoking
at me hey hey guys what's up to do me
hanging I hope you are having an amazing
day because we're having an amazing day
so what we're having an amazing day
you will also be having an amazing day
what's up I hope everyone's day is
positive today is gonna be a really
really fun day today is a Hamzah day
because I am stuck with this dude he is
12 years old
and I have to kind of like babysit I
guess not babysit me so take care yeah
you can pretty much say babysit this do
it so I decided since this an atom and
happens a day I'm going to take him to
the gym because you know I got to put
him and bring him in shape yeah we're
going to go to the pool go to the gym
and play some basketball and I might do
this I want to choose one of you guys to
play house in basketball just to keep
them in shape I want him to like stay in
shape for like an exciting event maybe
one you guys can play Hamzah so if
anyone is around the age of nine ten
eleven twelve twelve so around the age
of ten to thirteen fourteen years old
in basketball you want to play hamza you
want to beat his bubble let me know in
the comments below let me know with your
twitter tweet me and maybe i will
contact you and you'll play him alright
guys we were right now into over me and
hams are heading to the gym to go work
out and you know hamza does he takes the
freaking soda from my house while
heading to the gym kids unhealthy to
drink soda especially right before you
going to the gym so throw a soda out the
window well maybe not the window wait
like positive I'll finish it man so
programs that throw garbage have the
dogon finish it you know how do we do
this kid man
well most cycle have is a man you
recycle a button will be a movie opinion
just like a little bit left long ago
guys what would you guys do if you guys
are stuck one all right guys we test
connections
this is have the first time ever at the
gym by the way if there's no I won't
push you
I got the first thing we saw was is the
bike to get hands are moving together
are pumping come on go thank you
watch some burgers out monkey go
festival your food what do you do my
Pookie boom gosh come on I live gray
I'll make you a hundred sweats and butt
off man let's go ready we're just like
buddies yeah yep yeah I'm all dirty we
go Alec Oh next we're going off on them
the only allowed five seconds I'm
freakin but five seconds that's it so
much water it's not good that's it
that's it
okay so I'm going to go now he's doing
time like dumbbells but for like a
little stretchy piggy go let's go I'm
pushing it man you go for that assembly
you gotta you know be healthy you got to
look good gotta be good she go fuck oh
come on
elbows in elbows in yeah no it's not
that quick he's doing chest workouts now
I want to keep them on a healthy path
for his future I don't want him you know
especially the kids out there who were
lazy just play video games get up and go
play sports and work out that's what I'm
trying to get him to do and yeah yeah
and video games that's what she did
he's going he pledged if you don't talk
you just keep working up going that's
wider wider slide 10 push up then push a
simple
either I get and we did an ab workout
we stopped on an oil please oh this is
how you do it up all the way up all the
way
all right Mary
totally gap you got to do this you want
to have that like that like that like
that yeah all right you couldn't do the
other one you don't stop him you make
him do it on the floor ready hold on
Neela go I want to keep up you can hand
the book that's 210 for those places a
minor percentage 95 or 96 you probably
face 95 96 if that makes me do more I
than 100 and 200 3 we just got done with
the workout house has been a crazy crazy
workout turns off the cameras and we
just got to business right now hey if
it's red and good all the time little
Russians focus more than I can with
we're not done we're going to the pool
right now do a full body workout and
after that we can go eat a little
something hi guys all ready to go out to
the pool and we look so funny we have to
worry to go in there yeah I can't I
can't I can't read the camera inside so
I'll tell you guys how it goes in the
next times up man
it also goes well hopefully you can't be
before the whole hopes we shall learn in
a couple months you got better or you go
in the path I'm gonna help you so slowly
yeah pop we are out the gym we had a
crazy three-hour workout this is have
the first ever work how would you first
workout was good does this look nice how
do you feel he was telling me so add all
right guys times they got water I'm only
letting them do water before using
except see enough water and we got a
sandwich pastrami sandwich because you
got to give me some protein and after
that you get a I don't know I don't to
put him on a crazy hard day I want to
keep him I want to show him
not a healthy path alright if I'm
charging my other camera this one the
small t7x I'm charging it because me and
hams are gonna use this later do a
little mini prank on my dad so I hope it
goes well and we're going to see how we
go after we fix to the basketball court
and shoot around so let's do this ready
yes I got it done how much I got the
ball done well okay
lose them I finally got a little mini
basketball court in my room and it
doesn't break it never breaks if you
don't get look what's this Punk back to
normal let me get you lucky Oh quick old
breaking news 7.2 magnitude earthquake
caused by Hamza okay do me and my first
shot so see you guys my first ever shot
ready set whoever their clothes that are
you keep making all day all day
Wow between your legs I just have to do
that wait you sure you the between like
yeah sure hey - what - what's it between
your legs I didn't say a break would
break your leg and form as long
hi guys right now I am in my dad's room
with Hamza I know you guys probably seen
the prank where I do my next career oh
well that's cute
all right so so let's see that's my
prank where they did on me smoking sugar
whatever this time I'm going to do it
I'm gonna let have that protective smoke
in front of my dad and we're going to
see how my dad rise I'm going to write
out to get his cigarette and it's
lighter because you always put two
integer of its right I thought I found
the lighter it's right over here because
she goes guys don't smoke man don't
smoke and hopefully we try to teach him
not work so I wanted to feel bad so let
me see I have this you sure it's really
but what I can't let having a little bit
away here I hear hear I'm running
because I know my dad Vida collapsing he
always blames me for everything to me
everything I didn't know that is
yeah there's no happy here I'm making
him he's one of smoking at me huge party
it's like a little baby back back how
can we give her honey I know you like it
you like it
you match it hold it smoker song yeah Oh
little did you get a happy normal your
wasn't smoking on a smoke okay got a
puncture a little bit we're not yeah why
okay I sort of smoke wagon dick about it
he chose it really well hello yeah
can you get me through good Lhasa and
then yeah yeah yeah like it times we got
big mother mother mother keeps it good
I've heard of the show Saved by the Bell
hazard got saved by the event those like
didn't save but is that you bet your
head that's crazy where Hamzah mother
say no a lot loves everyone man you just
say Hamza guys thumbs up for my dad dad
I'm a I'm a liking people YouTube watch
it comes up to oh my dad stop smoking
cigarettes
yes hey hero smoke
uh-huh uh-huh oh hi guys so have the
workout today he can't have he got out
he got so much everything else like that
oh yeah baby hmmm let me see this
hi guys I've end this video here I hope
you guys enjoyed it if you did give it a
thumbs up a stylised lane and go turkey
for the Adam ahem of the day and let me
know in the comments below if you guys
want me to do like this Addams Family
thing like Adam time today and then
maybe the next week or the next day Adam
a holiday and Adam and Rima day
then Adam Adam a day then Adam Deena
dick Adam must and day they're like
something you know what I'm saying I
realize I'm you know I felt like today
was a good you know got me like holy
time guys so let me know in a comment
slow and I'll see you guys tomorrow to
do me guys thank you guys so much hop
the camera I have to stop the cameras
are making okay stop it anyways what the
heck I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and I'll owe you a lot baby
please be who you want to be I know your
father will be better for your fantasy
does only anybody
you comedy Oh baby just gonna have
anything you want some me
