hey guys what's up into me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so if we're
having an amazing day amazing happy bad
do me hanging I'm feeling really really
really sick I've never felt this sick
before I was not gonna vlog but then
Rima Jamaat and Hamza they're here and
they picked me up like they I was in bed
all day they picked me I like Adam let's
do a fun game challenge we went out we
were looking for the pie face showdown
challenge but it was sold out everywhere
so we found this game that Hamza and
Reema Jamel like it's called what what
head so I decided you know what I do not
want to miss a day and let's do the wet
head challenge with Reema
Tim Al and Hamza let's open this up and
see like I don't even know like how this
game goes all right there's a helmet
we're gonna try one for practice with
water but then with the real game we
have a believ oil like fish oil or
something like that to make it more
interesting and fun and gross I'm gonna
shower water get a sexy look you put
water in there you wear it yeah this is
water in here you hold it like this
where you want to try no Maura this is
just practice we're having a practice
turn I'll practice boys you practice you
know uh jamadar will do the practice one
my name is see we have this little
spinning thing need to tell you how many
times you should turn it but this is
practice we're just gonna keep taking
out and see how it works
okay he's safe
that's one take one awesome Oh
tamati to going on let's see take one up
take it up oh yeah check it out see he's
saying let's see if this one is keeping
him same over here
oh yeah yeah save he's saved
oh Fame I'm not feeling good about this
take it up since I was sick I
Steve yeah my blood sweat alright guys
that was just practice with cold water
but we're gonna do it with gross fish
oil I didn't know what kind of always
was gross oil some of you guys already
rima you're gonna be first okay alright
guys we got this we got the little nasty
oil
we got the nasty oil I'm gonna pour it
in here whoa
ah this is disgusting okay so this is
how you win the game rimas gonna go
first and I'm gonna go there man and
that Hamzah and whoever has the least
amount of red little sticks they went
whoever has the most they lose so let's
see how it goes man who created this
game this game is crazy you ready real
kicks it in your head that moves don't
move tie it actual okay tie
hi guys Rima has it on and alright we're
gonna spin this ready Rima yeah okay
ready
it says pull one pin and spin again
we're gonna pull one pin ready I'm not
feeling good about this one hello oh hi
she's safe same thing pull one pin and
spin again ah she got lucky to pull one
pin oh oh alright this was good she's
three Hannah same again pull one pin
this is all like one bit what's wrong
you a tuple this one this one this one
yeah sure yeah oh
uh-oh someone's calling Houseman
it's probably my all calling telling us
not to do this challenge that's okay
that's alright
Hey well this one's hard to take out me
has to be I think I know it's not it she
said oh oh pull two pins all right close
yeah
ready she's safe really pulling another
one ready she's still saving this to
love this two left and she's still safe
ready pull one pin and spin again go
home what happened huh clean again
pulling one pin Reva we hello to see
reaction ready pull Eve I was scared wow
she's still safe she has one last one so
I guess I don't know to pull it or she
automatically won no she won
hi guys Rima was safe I did not let her
do the last one because she was safe but
now it's my turn I have a really bad
feeling for me because I always get bad
luck and mine was probably good it's not
gonna be the first one and it's like
gonna spill all over me put the oil in
yeah
ah this is disgusting oh my god is his
nest a scam to cover up the holes Oh
alright guys I made a mistake supposed
to put these in first and then you put
the oil my turn oil and oh man oh this
is disgusting I hope you'll see oh hi
guys my name is Alice Holly and I don't
know I'm doing this give me the thingy I
bet you guys is gonna be the first one
it's gonna spill on me ready alright
pull one pin I don't know what I'm using
this by real horn yes oh yes
safe ok safe pull one pin then 1 1 1 1
Levi trying to give you kill this is it
that's right huh Oh pull one pin this is
so oily nasty okay
I'm safe pull one pin got it
just one I love yes I'm safe pull two
pins wait we're okay
I'm safe give me tissue give me tissue
okay ah what freaky there I'll go look
with that this is nasty man skin the
ring up in the other so I came that was
so disgusting
ah man I have an oily body and face
right now buddy can it sure what you
want me to change
well tag away your food away hi guys
Jemile turn I feel so bad for Rima got
so lucky you got so so lucky I got
demands turn ready Jamaat have fun yay
with this oil this is disgusting give me
strength your eyes all right Sarah - all
right ready spin it pull - how's the
pull one I'm gonna pull one again why do
you sit about life is gonna co-op me I
he's safe
spin it again pull one pin have a simple
one pin alright he shave pull one pin up
lava he's safe thing one pin
pull one pin one Remo I'll pull on the
back I'm gonna feel good huh good good
what the heck I'll take this off FN told
you what and that nigga shirt and the
rest response I'd Mariner home hi guys
Hamza turn he's doing oil he's doing a
shirtless so he's gonna have a shiny
shiny body i had the oil move the pump
was what the heck
haha how much do i remo status to ready
huh take one out gonna one Reimer take
one up all right dude Ian
hi guys one ready okay feel like over
here I got it does it ever feel out my
hair what was it yeah so is life is all
falling huh it's all fun - I told you
the other day I didn't coming up - it's
to everyone I found alright uh it does
it that was it no that's not it
president can I see you legally done
that was it but it's going on slowly
yeah that was it Oh
disgusting yeah Casey is coming out I
came up slowly though is it
oh this is so smooth oh my god is right
now yo is so screwed
oh my god alright guys we're gonna go
take a shower because we're so oily
right now on the first one except for
Rima so we're gonna see you guys
tomorrow be like thank you thank you
guys so much for your love and support
smash that like one let me see smash the
like button before I take all my
clothing off what the heck let's see if
we can reach 50,000 thumbs up I don't
know guys give it a friend yeah hi guys
see you guys tomorrow do ba take care I
love you I love you sweaty does rice to
run release his secret girlfriend ah
sure Yasmin so baby please be who you
wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody
and be Oh baby you can have anything you
want from me
