okay guys I'm gonna explain to you guys
how kanye west sent me these two Easy's
right here hey guys what's up and do me
young I hope you are having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy day my
room is a complete mess
I didn't want to show you guys well you
guys can see somewhere well mom's wish
came true you guys can finally see my
messy room cuz every time she comes in
my room which is like show your YouTube
viewers you're huge huge mess that you
have so you know what here you go
right yeah look is it that's it that's
it it's just messy I got had two
luggages a full clothes and I need to
fix it up and I will fix it up
I promise but today I'm heading to have
this house to go pick up a couple
packages and I'm so so excited cuz I've
been waiting around 2 to 3 weeks to pick
up these packages so I'll see you guys
in the next shot do me hang it's always
really loud music either hands are high
they're blasting music it was good
blast music oh shit who's blasting that
music is did a TV show Lena I did not
even know Deena was here why didn't you
tell me why aren't you over my house
leaping over with me Rima and Jay man
you left us yeah why good come because
why I go yeah have you called my house
uh-huh it's crazy out Deena talks for an
hour I could never imagine she's the
youngest my youngest niece and she
speaks now how old are you huh at three
by three okay okay you know it do you
know your ABCs what does it say you not
a count 1 to 10 say you go 80 no count
once then 1 2 3 yes ha ha yes shake yes
sure yes
Hey yes now yes then what a B that's it
she only knows how to count 1 2 9 Hamza
yeah you got the package I got the goods
you know I'm an idiot right you got the
bids you got the goods guys we haven't
seen highly for so long I'd say what's
up was good what sorry
we got the whole Addams Family squad I
who am missing missing Austin
say have say if I miss you I'm gonna see
you Sunday hell I even though leave my
dinner you're picking it hey hey we
caught your eye care of taquitos you've
been good at school yeah see
chitchat Robin HHI teacher cha cha what
Jake true I got an idea my spelling test
good job
why did you get a hundred I'm mad at you
anyway three idiots you didn't get a
hundred happens are you doing at school
yeah you sure yeah my shirt is still
good at specific times it goes up that
don't start with that times that
so they'll tell me to not let having to
take off his shirt
ah don't do it give me give me thank you
guys for bringing me my ease ease now
stop picking your nose I caught you
again twice okay guys I'm gonna explain
to you guys how Kanye West sent me these
two Easy's right here so there's this
guy he is my friend now my homie who
lives pretty much close to Hamza and he
is a producer he did a lot of producing
he's a really really good producer he
produced Frank ocean's a lot of his
albums he produced a lot of Kanye's
songs
he's been friends with Kanye West since
like the 90s he gets Easy's sent to him
by Kanye West
every single time a Yeezy is released I
got the easy boost 350s and the uz boost
750 I believe I'm not much of a sneaker
head so please give me cut me a break
okay so the first ones we can open is
the easy boost 350s I do not know what
version is the it's the V twos
these are the V twos the ones that just
came out and this man the homie right
here he told me that whenever the Yeezys
are released
he gets it like two or three weeks
before like Kanye gives it to him two to
three weeks before to him and he rarely
wears like Yeezys he loves I think Ralph
Lauren and I love yous I mean you know
what just let me know like about the
price scent of it like that and I'll get
the music that's a really good easy
connect because a lot of people go
through like they they wait in lines
they get these apps and go crazy like
I've been through that and I never get
like it's always sold out like that
minute I don't know why but this is the
first one I got all man oh man these are
beautiful Alma Slim is gonna go crazy
because he loves easy so much especially
these oh my god these are used to call
me am i easy Hey brand-new out the box
legatees man these are like like they're
from outer space he's gorgeous man and
the other ones I got I believe they're
called the easy boost 750 I am actually
look how huge these are and a good thing
is it's once your time now so it's a
perfect time to wear these I've never
owned a pair like these and these are
like one of my favorite favorite
probably is actually the color black is
my favorite one I got the color I
believe gray or beige look at these man
look at these look at these man these
are like UFO back to the future oh my
god man these are guys I think I'm
turning into a sneak addict cool kicks
watch out
fire kicks watch out you could pretty
much say Kanye is my um friend yeah he's
my best friend I don't know what's this
supposed to be someone's here
it's a surprise because you said I've a
city but holy cetera I've been bro
chillin
opening is raised here let me tell you
guys something else Kanye comes to ham
says building how many times it comes a
time to come because hams have seen him
a couple times but he's too dumb to
notice who's Kanye West well I saw I
think he was inside the lobby he comes
with like his hoodie on and like because
he visits his friend he's known him
before he was even famous huh we live on
the same floor
I always see him like well I never
noticed him proceed over comes he comes
low-key and no literally no one knows
about it no one knows about it Kim also
came to Kim Kardashian compartment Kim
Kardashian has came before and it's like
it's like proof he showed his pics of
him in his house like literally right
then we're like I saw and I'm going
insane I'm like what the heck like he
was literally right here and I told my I
thought I was at the time like yo like
if he ever comes let me know like I'll
come runnin with the bike you know my
wife would come here you know I'm safe
need to sync lately yeah they're really
comfy Wow dad am I gonna get space jams
are you gonna have a jams or am I gonna
get visions me I don't know what size
Jamal is I don't know even if they have
about another half space nephew but
sneakerheads I'm getting a space James -
baby it's already coming and it's
already on its way and I cannot wait to
show you guys
guys please let me know like I'm not
really a sneakerhead Adam I'm not gonna
pretend to be one let me know how to
wear them what to wear like I know like
sometimes easy
you're not like supposed to show socks
you're not supposed to do this do that
the rules let me know a couple rules and
I'll try my best to like satisfy you
guys without like making you guys cringe
or nothing like that you heard about the
new shoe that ties itself a shoe that
ties itself yeah from Nike what the hood
self-tying Nike Nike self tying shoe and
that's like lazy people I don't know I
don't know I know what to choose Nike or
adidas you guys let me know the comments
below you guys at Nike type of person or
adidas type of person I'm technically
I'm both I like both of them but you
guys let me know which one do you guys
prefer how's that is wearing a jacket
that I had and around like maybe six
seven years ago
let me see each other on this is my name
at home you see the other side
Ocala kiss me I just give girlfriend
instead of me huh good this here
girlfriend not me I don't have a girl
all right guys as promised I'm a
Gamestop to get Jim and his WWE
basketball yesterday I said WWE
basketball but when I met was I'm gonna
give him two K 17 and WWE and two K 17
and NBA that's what I meant okay and he
lost his ps4 controllers and cams is
here so he's going to ask for something
hey hey hey hey I was living all right
guys we just have games up we got a lot
a lot of stuff also one of these we're
gonna tell you guys everything we got
once I got back to Hannah's house I
literally bought like half of Game Stop
for these crazy nerdy kids right here
what's up man oh my god or spirits
better legs if America standing on torn
ligaments I pull down a piece peeling
her pigment but not give it thanks join
the ranks of the ignorant all the sons
of mothers under the Thunder there's
more depth in the yang I'm grunting as
others will always live in tougher how
didn't got funds for others and none for
the Burton Babu was just a land of the
free
with all these laws getting rid of
police we got martial law justice 2020
judge impartial floors if I end there
aliens only to deport you back to your
country for torture me not knowing who
fought your prison system slavery
streets to a trap plantation house
sitting fat
oh no that's at least your search in the
back this entire mentality in this death
camp let you learn something but still
let's dance to the drumbeat i hunger
he'd help you defeat that trains don't
get caught in the present dance with
your Lance under no circumstance Kayne
sided to 2k 17s the Kobe Edition and the
Pacers the Kobe edition imma give it
happens I wanted it because his dad is
my homie and I know he plays a lot of
games and do mad you have two K 17 and
you also got the two cake that's this
one the 2k 17 wrestling right here
Brock Lesnar and good man also got a
gold a gold remote control because he
lost on one and he got a white one he
lost to I don't higher loss too so I
don't and also I got highly this Need
for Speed game it's racing game but it
comes with this I gave her this with it
you can connect it all
hey you're not gonna be honest all day
I'm sure Haley right so
is a sin
your breath
this is like an arcade in your house is
insane we got fries we got the family I
love you boys you man love you more than
what and what I love you more than my
bad
good love you more than a bag yeah
there's nothing better than having food
ordering food because too cold outside
having games and the family right here
eh okay do me yank it is time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoy this vibe
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey I want to see how much
of my Ryder that I do he's made it to
right here to the end of life you did
give it a thumbs up I want to see how
many of you guys still make it to the
end of the vlog and don't just skip to
the vlog when you guys see the title you
guys just skip and you guys write in the
comments skip to 10 minutes 43 to see
the big announcement stuff like that
always if your true out of that doom
you'll watch the full vlog I feel like
watching the full block you can know
what's going on instead of skipping and
seeing what's going on but I'm feeling
really really sick right now like I have
a really bad headache my nose is running
my throat is hurting I feel cold when
it's not even cold so I'm so I'll be so
so mad if I'm getting sick but I feel
like I am getting sick I've never felt
this sick right now for like years so I
really really hope it isn't something
serious I'll keep you guys updated but I
need to get like some medicine for like
a headache because this headache is
killing me and it is so so annoying it's
not making me focus so hopefully it
turns out great other than that I'll see
you guys tomorrow
do me I take care and pitch alight so
baby please be who you wanna be I know
you
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be oh baby you
can have anything you want for me
