alright guys Rima is about to say the
biggest announcement right now I'm not
gonna say it Jim as I gonna say Rima is
gonna say it
hey ready yeah you sure all right take
two steps ahead and say it hey guys
what's up and do me Aang I hope you'll
have a good again like I'm gonna stop
bus hey guys what's up ado me Aang I
hope you're all having an amazing day
because we're having an amazing day so
if we're having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy
alright guys so today's vlog is gonna be
a home vlog mostly with me giman and
Rima have a would be the last one happen
top Oh even after you say best for last
Rima ah you're one of the best suit so
at the end of today's vlog there is a
special special big announcement that I
cannot wait to announce but as of today
right now we're just gonna be chilling
hanging out and I'm gonna be telling you
guys update you guys unlike everything
that's going on with tours with The
Addams Family so we gonna see what's up
Rima cent look at the camera what are
you doing
I don't know daughter like a Betty yeah
so why you laying down on me like I'm a
better how are you hugging me why missed
you with you that's why I'm sorry I'm
sorry guys as you guys can see my family
they get really really angry whenever
like I leave them for a while not feel
bad and the thing is when I do these
tours and everything I seriously do it
for you guys I do everything for my
family like everything that I do and
that I got is for my family for Jim and
Rima Mawson my mom my dad and seeing you
guys
sad makes me sad you don't say I don't
know man I don't you know nope I added
not to give me out yeah we're here oh
yeah I'm going on no I'm a
winner yet ok so first of all I have
some gifts that I want to give you guys
that I got from tour I'm just gonna show
some of them guys you guys gave so much
gifts throughout the tour so much oh you
know thank you so much
no no wait give out the gifts were from
Iman there wasn't any gifts that were
for ya
it's okay guys so alright you sure
I'm just don't giggle oh hi guys guys
guys okay I guess I know you guys missed
me this much I know you guys were like
we're filming a blog don't get okay okay
okay okay okay guys just look at the
camera let me give you guys your gifts
sorry ma
this can't euro is yours from Australia
and this little I think koala is yours
from Australia where's the camera
Jemaine you got this little nice Q hat
someone gave you from I believe
Australia
you put it on yo ass stay warm Rima
someone gave you this frozen Disney
frozen hey what do you say thank you
someone gave us a one direction one
direction perfume the thing is this is
for a woman actually let me smell it and
let you guys know how it smells
Remo's us now you know yeah this is this
is Ain Liam so this is a try yeah that's
girls yes definitely for girls this is a
belief a shower gel this is it is how it
looks looks pretty dope is pink and has
like a diamond to kind of leave down
below
whoever got it and saves a girl or boy
I'm gonna smell it ready we're gonna
explain how smells let's put on my hand
hello mmm it's no good he's good with me
lick my head mmm is it from a blood
drive it smells actually like it smells
pretty decent like really really decent
like I expected it to smell like a
childish like kind of kid kind of small
but it smells like a perfume that my mom
would actually wear so my mom is gonna
get the One Direction perfume
hi guys this is one of the shirts that I
got Marcin it's like a nice red plaid
shirt mommy muffin it's looking swag
down I got so lucky I thought these were
gonna fit him they actually fit look at
this look at him you look so cute in it
because my kiss that's it because you're
gonna make the freaking camera all foggy
I'm al and put on the jacket
oh man muscles gonna be flat let's say a
hey hey hi guys I think this one is one
of my favorite favorite ones cuz I have
something that looks like this here we
go I have something looks just like this
this is a real Doug he's a real tougher
oh oh oh smack me oh look at him he's
such a spoiled brat he hates it but I
love it
look he's gonna take it off watches why
did he do it is this is he hate like the
dungeon floor he's gonna try to leave so
he can guess toy his toys outside all
right guys Marcin is gone to my dad I
want to play a quick game with you guys
you guys ready yes this is called a mind
game I want you guys to play with me to
play this game with you okay I want
every single one you guys watching get
ready to play this game is a question
games like a mind trick game you guys
ready yes alright someone tell us the
first question he's doing look he wants
to come in there he wants to come why
what why is this knock sound like my
mom's not something watch he's gonna
come in and do the weirdest thing and
leave watch watch watch I'm calling it
before what the heck getcha good idea
but daddy why are you naked don't put on
some shorts guys this is literally
behind a seat these parts is what I
don't put in vlogs him knocking them
laughing and me stressing up and waiting
so he's gone
but you guys gave us in this boxing
shorts I believe either Malaysia or
Indonesia one okay oh but I'm
yeah yeah why would you guys oh like
this low boxing look at him look at this
dude look at he's like a doll he's like
a friggin play-doh
why do you live like this oh he's gonna
go hey c'mon no no don't give our done
alright guys Mawson is finally gone so
you guys ready for the question yeah
are you guys ready for the question yeah
I can't hear you
I'm not talking to you I'm talking to
them who's watching are you guys ready
okay if Michaels dad has three kids the
first kid his name is April the second
kid his name is May what is the third
kid's name FEMA July nope
Julian nope
October nope November no December nah
the third kid his name is Michael I said
Michaels dad has three kids what weighs
more a pound of feathers or a pound of
bricks bricks
why because brakes have more um mass and
feather than just light
Wow what about you what do you think let
us have the lot of leaf and when the
friends have loved me that means believe
who's gonna turn to nice
okay what did she just a pound of bricks
and the pound of feathers weigh the same
they're all one pound huh get it they're
all a pound then one light in the
English language there is one word
that's spelled incorrectly what word is
spelled incorrectly Rhema I know it
yessiree mom three seconds yeah yeah so
why would you freak
 yours your hand
hi Jamal what is it boy that's bullet
incorrectly it's incorrectly how the
heck did huh hard rock yeah that is sick
whoa man Jamel brah
Rima she said cuz you got it wrong we
didn't get it wrong you different answer
he said I don't know you got 11 what you
said about this is another thing that I
don't put on vlogs because they get sad
they get jealous of each other a lot
like a lot pretty much okay I'm just the
answer is just to answer Rima we must
stop guys today most of the stuff you
guys gonna see in the vlogs and stuff
that you guys don't see which is mustn't
acting up Rima acting up Jamel you good
mm-hmm
Mimi you good why everyone give me a big
hug we might got to give me a big real
big hug
Rima this is what I do to make them feel
better because sometimes they'll be like
a really bad move because they get
jealous of each other they get mad and I
would like have them to like be positive
I love you Rema Rema feels so much
better and our big announcement is here
you ready to announce it all right guys
Rima is about to say the biggest
announcement right now I'm not gonna say
it Jim as I gonna say it rimas gonna say
it hey ready yeah you sure
alright take two steps ahead and say it
I'm going today you cake ah just going
to you cater tobacco give her a hug come
on be happy be happy everyone be happy
oh come on
come on you gay ah this is what I gotta
deal with now he said what he said huh
why don't you go to the UK cuz the
Addams Family you see how how stressful
I am every single day I don't show these
stressful things I don't show it I only
show the positive positive things but
throughout the vlogs I have to like fix
an issue I have to fix a family problem
and it's not like big problems like
first world problems like this but so
stresses me out so much you guys do not
understand - man Ronnie ok come on we're
gonna go to my
Miami in Orlando in summertime okay when
she goes to the UK it's not even that
good UK is a mega one's gonna know
somebody somebody's gonna fly here in
Japan she's gonna go see a nya
Alexandria I wanna see Leo NAS if you
watching scrutinised
I don't know why I'm just going through
a halal shirt yeah that's good whew
tomorrow we're gonna hang out me and you
way to go out have a whole family day
I'm gonna buy you what do you want to
get you said sook a 17 4ww basketball
get you that take some water man what I
go through is like like insane like
sometimes the footage I have is an hour
and a half and have to cut it down to
like 10 minutes
but anyways remember she was just in a
happy mood but she felt sad because
Jamaat is being sad okay so Rima is
going to be a special guest at the UK
tour so if you guys want the thing is
with the UK tour everything is pretty
much sold out imma let you guys know the
city's Bradford is completely sold out
Manchester is completely sold out
Glasgow is completely sold out
Birmingham I believe is either five
tickets left or completely sold out
Portsmouth I believe is around 20
tickets off or completely sold out
Leicester is around 10 to 20 tickets
tickets left or completely summed up
sold out London is a huge huge venue
it's like thousands of people can fit
there so it's only a hundred to two
hundred standard tickets left so if you
guys want to get your tickets I'll be
there Remo will be there slim will be
there
rimas dad will be there Reema's mom will
be there um um what cops might be there
Naz is gonna be there it's gonna be
crazy turn up and yes huh baikinman Oh
would you say that Mima made life is
hard bro this is a bar I'll go bump you
know what I'm gonna end the video here
because we have some issues to handle
I'm sorry I had to end the video like
this I love you guys and thumbs up for
seeing the stress that I go through and
you guys feel free well I have to
because we have to fix some issues I
don't like seeing people sad so I'm
gonna end it here
thumbs up for do me gang smash that like
button down there I appreciate
everything when you guys get your
tickets for the middle eat
these are you happy he's not happy and
make sure to get your tickets for the
Middle East tour make sure you get your
tickets for the USA tour my dummy gang
be happy too I love you guys peace out
guys I love you guys so baby please be
who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you gonna be oh
baby you can have anything you want to
me
