hi guys these are the wings they're
suicidal
hey guys what's up you're dooming yang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because we're having an amazing so if
we're having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy day
all right guys so earlier we once at
arcade and we played a little bit arcade
we've logged actually a little bit
someone won $50 water beats meter game
they win 50
I hope well what's wrong she did really
good shot 30 we're gonna try to get
you
oh she's women
and after that we went to this place
called atomic wings they have these
suicidal wings we want to go get them
and bring them over here hi guys when
atomic wings want to get suicide you
guys have suicide wings is it hot
it's hot sure we were doing the
challenge he said is how hard we
insanely huh it's insanely hot give us
40 suicide wings
yeah 40 we're all good you're the
professional item why are you giving
them suicidal bye there's nuclear which
one is more nuclear or suicidal suicidal
I smell it so much and they can smell it
in the back too man you smell wings
brother yeah how's it smell it's hot
it's suicidal now we have the wings and
we're ready to do this challenge if you
guys do not know hacks is like a
professional hot wings guy so my aim is
to beat you so these are the rules for
the challenge you guys ready yes each of
us have 10 wings 10 suicidal wings we're
each gonna take turns and I'm gonna time
every single person when you guys gonna
tie me whoever finishes the fastest they
win you cannot drink anything and unless
you quit or unless you're done so
whoever finishes the fastest a one uh um
so who wants to do the honors and go
first
guys everyone put your arm everyone put
your arm in my hand 1rl play army I know
I'm for one on my yeah but I meant more
all the way this something that one
person put are meant for me one person
Matthew verse it wouldn't mean that's
hard to trick
I gotcha are you talking about hi guys
these are the wings they're suicidal
wings
oh man you ready to go no I'm already so
what time starts when you take a bite
alright whenever you take the first bite
it starts he's looking for the smallest
one like oh and whenever you take the
press why I'm sorry start time sorry
let's go let's go X oh my god he's a
professional we can really taste the
sweetness
I must be funny in this okay okay Wow
he's doing pretty good
that must be one as one that's one
describe what you're feeling right now
one in twenty seconds all right no is it
good wow that's pretty good one in 20
seconds mashallah yeah you got oh that
means we're gonna fill the cup yet this
is insane
no way you think it's the same ha ha ha
my mouth is watery uh no thank you
you can't take your toys get off there
them that's it that's it no wait I'm
done only tuna no to in one minute and
two seconds no way let's go from one to
ten I would say I've no idea
oh just wait to it rock paper scissor
good job girls
go ahead Hey I'm sorry oh man Follies
y'all do a fast keep doing it too slow I
send you oh oh no no wait no hey you
know what hey you got this come on I'm
scared
can I get a little bit a little bit of
account huh there's a count as I step it
up it's all over me turn it up a little
me tonight
Oh 48 seconds all right you take another
one are you done no I just wanna know
what happened I actually want to try it
so I can see it's that hot okay
you can't be done she had one wing in a
minute and five seconds only one wing
he's still like it's like burning
everywhere oh my god we bought 40 wings
and only like three are gone
rock paper scissors yes oh you're joking
look at him Burt best out of three
percent he knows I know
yeah I'm a look for this smallest one
ready
oh wait that's not when you can take
that one why this is a big icon I can
use that one
tickle can't kitten does this count yeah
this is fat bro let's ready okay man oh
man over here yeah i'ma show you an edge
ready set go
Oh got your worse
like now it's kind of good on there
please hang it like that it's wrong with
the betta flash trust me you first
occasion
oh you're freaking me out o so nervous
Oh
Bow Wow
he's a beast savage because this is
third I'm gone no no no that's a good
one right the street good I can do
Oh Yoda a suicidal
this is suicidal Oh how many seconds was
it boy these things were you pleased
with this in your mouth oh you skin
wiser put him on all those garlic watch
it the floor this feels good oh but now
I feel bad for you you're gonna go on
saying so is it I'm seriously I'm coming
I'm so nervous
this is one of the hottest boy me it
stays it stays yeah roller burning my
tongue wind overs and time starts now
yes I'm sorry boys I eat a fast trust me
you do not want to eat a son
you beat him need to beat Adam I know
the feeling she's going through I know
the oh she got one another feelin I know
the feeling she's kicking them happy is
can you ano hope she feel a little what
you got - you got a key for what's the
big deal
I'm sure another video eat another one
dad you said you know keeping yeah okay
wait director sauce you want pop with
mrs. everyone freaked out
is it that one oh okay
fourth one what how can you put some
sauce on it yeah nobody Wow Wow mmm
sauce she's not normal I'm not too so
burning Wow bro she's eating for Yahoo
she doesn't have to eat the football but
she's eating it
Wow
guys we're gonna end the video here I
just want to thank oh good name today s
Bono and the homie hax for joining me I
appreciate you guys and if you guys want
to subscribe to them the link will be
down below it's called 20 stirs can you
guys submit a song boy you guys have hot
mouth just do it ready let's make it
feel better
now I just wanted you to know the baby
you the Benz
I've got that summertime summertime
sadness s-s-summertime summertime
sadness oh oh hey he just made history
I'm so make sure you guys go follow him
on Instagram the homie thank you guys so
much and I really hope you guys had fun
in New York City and I was a good tour
guide at least I love you guys and
searched I'll see you guys in my family
and thank you guys so so much for
everything thank and thumbs up and smash
that slight but yeah we'll see you guys
tomorrow ticket man I gotta use about oh
so baby please be who you wanna be
I know your
you're gonna be don't let anybody tell
you what you're gonna be Oh baby you can
have anything you want for me
