formation the swagman keep this so cute
oh my god hey guys what's up into the a
I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day once
again
for the third day I'm heading to the
studio session because we're finally
gonna get it done
today's a six hour session and hopefully
she'll look you get it done everyone's
looking around it's really early right
now and it's really hard to get like a
vlog done and like a studio session done
at the same day especially when you do
daily vlogs it gets really really hard
but it's all good
we're gonna get it done all positive
vibes and I'll see you guys in the next
shot can I get a medium camera hi guys
we're here I got my iced coffee so let's
get iced latte but they didn't have a
latte so they gave me an iced coffee
but we're hitting the studio today we're
going today yeah slummin zone with this
verse I'm going in I'm gonna have a lot
of trouble mine because my ones like in
and out with so many did but he killed
it wrong so I'm not even trying he
murdered it he murdered that V it's my
turn to go and yeah let's let's do this
let's do this bang bang bang bang but
back but Matt let's do this
Mic Check Mic Check one children can you
hear me this song is gonna be so fun
there's give me something so this song
is dedicated to like you guys just for
the rider does so I'm so excited to get
the slam track
and for you guys to hear it and then
it's gonna be it's gonna be good it's a
good hype song to just get into it it's
a real song you know I was like it's
real real lyrics I'm not feeling it I'm
not feeling that one yeah I know
let's check it I think change it up oh
just you gotta keep your mind on the
beat you know what I mean
like I think you need to get this light
into the groove
okay track hey let me know and let him
know ready yeah I messed up I messed up
I'm sorry we all mess they'll be that
sounded good that was good
no you know he says it sounded good good
nobody could argue with this damn song
yeah nobody No
how's it going in so uh all right great
hey so you know I'm saying hey it's
Leigh you know we come and subbaiah baby
you know what I'm saying we work hard
guys for five hours in studio session
I'm dental mothers some is done with his
verse we're working on the bridge right
now and then the course we might might
maybe have to come tomorrow just for a
little bit or whenever he's free and
then we're pretty much that's it and
they're ready to do it I'm so excited
well sue
hey we change enough to be a little bit
for the course and this is why we got to
come again because we're changing it up
a little bit all we had to do is the
chorus and then we're done
hi guys its 706 we decided to stay an
extra hour we've been here around 7
hours and it's literally we're around
like 60% then what do you think Vince
how many percent of 60 60 70 percent
done and tomorrow we should come through
and it should be a hundred percent done
well 99% done that mix it master it and
then it's ready ready to do it we're
ready to do it baby that's it we are
finally done for today I'll look like
complete math seven hours done now we're
finally out in the city seven o'clock I
feel like the whole day's like pretty
much gone but I want to go to this place
it's like a puppy store near the city I
want to go there and visit some puppies
because I am thinking about slim I am
thinking about getting up I want to get
a puppy I don't know why if a mom is
scared of them like the whole family's
scared of them but I want one so bad I
don't know why I just like I feel like I
feel like the only person that would
love it is mustn Remo will be scared
everyone will be scared but moss and
mean Watson will love it so we're gonna
go there and see see how guys oh my gosh
look at these puppies that that's why I
wanna get rid of them what's that puppy
puppy but what is so cute bro look at
these so so if mean you ever move out
together I'm getting one puppy your game
I love ya but I can't take it I can't
take it myself wrong
I guess
I know you what should I name him forget
him
this one is a double why am a Jimmy gang
so cute puppy marry him so cute all
wrong dog give you a kiss hey Sam I'm
serious
he's in love with me hi guys so all the
ones that I had they were all like
they're small they run really fast
I wanna get a common one like there's
one of those calm and just chill
this one is chosen great
see the other swimmers they run around
too much like having another must in
your house Wow
look now I know why you guys like these
ones but I'm deciding on this one
because other ones are too small that's
a quick I like chasing like a little rap
right Jason look around it's twerking
like that butt up
Wow I love this one though I think I
love this one more than the other ones
right
alright guys so out of all the dogs I
feel like this one this one loves me the
most other ones they were just like
running they're too small to feel like
like she's some little squirrels this
one I don't know this one is just like
look at it you could just chill with it
and just hang out with it and dislike
what's up okay
look at it you okay you're right love
you Habibi kisses he's so cute
imagine Watson with one of these dogs
Marcin will love it so much
look he's looking at me he's he's like
what's that yeah she was asleep yeah
that one was so chill man I felt sad
letting it go I don't know it was so
over last time last year you were like
if we got 30,000 thumbs up
I'll get that puppy but we didn't get it
we didn't get 30,000 times up in a day
but if we get I want to see how many
guys I'm not gonna get up up I want to
see how many you guys want me to tell
get one so a few thumbs up this vlog
I'll see how many of you guys actually
want me to get a puppy look at these man
I want it so bad I want so it was only
thing is I feel I feel I feel kind of
bad when I go to places like this cuz
they're all like stuck in there like
locked up man like I want to get all of
them and just like start up a whole like
it makes me love love puppies and dogs
so much more me guys that's the first
thing I'm eating today
oh there was drinking iced coffee some
already ate and he's like hungry
starving I have ate nothing at all like
you can pretty much call this month
Ramazan extra credit is forgiven but
slim is in love with your bullying
I don't really like Chipotle that look I
don't know what it's good about I just
feel like it's whatever it's good and
it's quick and it's just it's like I
feel like it's like a McDonald's okay do
me gang I just got home close door
closes why are you crying you okay yeah
Rima was just crying earlier because why
are you crying no why are you crying
tell you why he always uses her iPad
it's late it's not for you to go to
sleep remark the baby from your baby
who's a yellow baby waiting for you
you were submitted she spoke Arabic
submitting me is like basis you stand up
waiting for me so you ready for me thank
you minded that they did were they at
home okay we mama show the first puppy
that I had look at it
don't get it know why it's taking a poop
you poop here right yeah so what's wrong
it's gonna have its own toilet
you drew I don't what the heck this is
the one that I posted on my snapchat
what about this one this one huh yes
it's like a bird yeah what that that's
you know I'm gonna bring him here and
I'm gonna make him bite you
yes I'm bringing him tomorrow I'll bring
you that dog tomorrow so what you up
using the cone while you're sleeping is
gonna come and bite your neck I'm just
joking you know guys I'm end the video
here are you choking me okay so what do
you want to tell me I met you guys I
showed the picture but I will show you
guys I'm gonna have to end the video
here we must really late and tomorrow
what know what yeah don't take my time
and the video here I hope you guys enjoy
it I'll see you guys tomorrow do me Hank
makes you guys give it a thumbs up and
go cookie I mean go Turkey again oh now
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace hello you okay hey it's my hair
nice with that I have to change no I
need a change change I'll see yous it
for me Carl is gonna cone 5 seconds 4 3
I know your father will be proud of who
you're gonna be
so don't let any
they tell you what you gonna be Oh baby
you can have anything you want for me
