hey guys what's up and do me yank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing a so if I'm having an
amazing day hey hey you all should you
have it an amazing happy day my dad is
heading out to go pick up Japan I'm
heading out to do something really
really exciting
Mohsen is trying to sneak in and come
with me most you want to come imagine
going to school like this one day like
taking out your notebooks I'm like hey
so this is what I got
he's trying to go out with me he keeps
saying shoes say shoes he's pointing at
the shoes he's like shoes but he can't
go because it's freezing freezing
outside I'm sorry I'm sorry I promise
you can't isn't it tomorrow tomorrow
my name's warmer witness warmer i watch
her gonna do it for 20 seconds
yeah you can sorry sorry massa
yeah he's friends I'm sorry I can't pull
them too close outside and he loves it
come give me an email give me okay
I hate this part so bad every time I go
outside he cries Lydia first shoes I'm
sorry I promise imma take you I suppose
taking yesterday but blame Reema for
going to the wedding
I'm sorry you can't give me hug give me
a feel so bad like even though I just
spoiled brat I feel bad like my shoes
you can see we're gonna go out barefoot
I love you I miss you soon okay he's
gonna come a cry right out okay do me
I'm finally outside it is freezing
freezing cold so as you guys know I
never really show like projects that we
do that's like internal 17 I have so
many projects I'm not going to show but
this is the only one that I am gonna
show because we're doing it so so fast
and it's something that means some we're
going to do on the UK tour because we
have a tour coming up and hopefully if
it's out before the Middle East tour
we'll have it by the Middle East tour
but it's gonna be really really exciting
let me show you guys once I get in there
and we won't see how we'll go some is
already there I'm kind of late hi guys
right now with the homie Vince Marconi
in his studio the studio is beautiful
man look at this usually we always keep
this like secretive what we do but this
is something fun that we're doing for
you guys and Vince the homies helping us
out and was also excited see nice how it
goes so you said how long how long do
you think we've known each other cuz he
sees me some I see more how long do you
think oh my god you guys look like
you've been boys like almost like you
grew up together
haha nah the chemistry yeah and I've
known of like oh like five years eh yeah
just just five weeks good every single
day but we're together every single day
yes absolutely every single is challenge
and everything and I'm sick eBay yeah
hit up Joe I never get sick if I miss
him actually when I don't see him like
two days I miss him so some dedication
yeah man had a meal of a blade today
robe hello we missed almost misses
session right cuz of me
it's all good ladies are excited for
today yeah I'm so excited man he is home
events right there open with magazine
the homey visit is right the head
yeah hey looking flower that's a so he's
gonna make the beat on the spot like
I've never seen as great he's gonna make
to be on the spot like please this is
like behind behind I said I would never
ever show this because I like keeping a
secret but I'm sitting again this is
something fun for you guys in future
projects I stay quiet but this one I'm
excited for it's just a start
still the start a little more is coming
a build it up okay so we comment yeah
all right guys we got the whole beat
done the man Vince did his magic then
after that tomorrow we're gonna come
through and right right about tonight
we're gonna write write write write
write write write write write write and
write and then we have a passionate with
something real cool and then we're gonna
bless some small and then yeah we're
gonna record it tomorrow and then after
that show you go good I'm so hungry man
I haven't ate I haven't ate literally
nothing I did not even drink water today
I'm pretty much fasting today and the
homie Mona key and he are younger I'm
starving and either summer you hungry
bro I'm at East pillar oh yeah I guess I
was always I have a question that
nothing GM fasted anything Ramadan I
freaking hate New York City or Allah I
want to leave man I want to leave
somewhere like hot and warm because it's
way too cold man it seriously wait to go
this is the time where it usually mean
slim and Nikki usually to us we will
migrate well hibernate like somewhere
else so I'm a yes then yeah we'll find
somewhere like warm to stay and will not
come back to New York but the thing is
we have to rehearse we have so much
stuff to do in New York City and we've
been traveling so much the past like two
three months so we have to stay here and
work on what's going to happen in the
toy
and then you're gonna see how it goes
right now we're finally gonna head to go
eat we finally made it for some food at
this diner we're like at this
underground diner that no one knows
about only true New Yorkers know about
no tourists one of them is a coca-cola
the drinks that you guys just seen which
is these three right here one of them is
a coca-cola two of them are iced coffees
black coffee you guys let me know in the
comments below but forget to write
you'll get a shout out in tomorrow's
vlog alright so I just say left middle
or right so you guys guess right left
middle or right one of them is it
coca-cola one of them is an iced coffee
what do you think I mean it's hard to
tell I can't you can't tell what about
you what do you think I know which one
it is well let's close it boy it's hard
to tell but I know this one hmm
waiting for the food you guys do not
know how hungry I am like Mickey
I'm starving I've never been this hungry
this is crazy but it makes me feel makes
you feel grateful because I imagine
people like all around like we're
homeless and like we're unfortunate and
don't eat imagine four days that's
literally in the same so I feel actually
grateful that like you know I have you
know some iced coffee I have you know
friends to hang out with guys I'm gonna
do the roast of slim right now okay guys
ready for awesome then what do you look
like Shaun from Jimmy Neutron
she and ha what do you like she do you I
don't like Jimmy Jimmy John huh hey
Luigi you like the Scarecrow from The
Wizard of Oz yo what the hell is gonna
keep like Arthur man life is like
Francine fancy you're pitching right now
okay yes oh it was quick who it is here
that's mu team it's like a bootleg
version butene that's how you notice
that New York restaurants in New York
Russia when they try to be like Toronto
and get like a poutine kind of thing but
I'm ready to eat always be grateful and
always be happy and keep smiling and
I'll see you guys in the next shot cuz
I'm hungry
what's up Badou me yank so I just got
home today was a really really exciting
day I cannot wait to show you guys the
final project but I do have something to
show you guys right now and I cannot
believe that I'm about to show you guys
because a couple months back I showed
you guys some cringy cringy musical ease
of my family well specifically of Hamzah
because it was so cringy but today I
found cringy musical ease of Rema Rema
Rema out of all people I never knew Rima
will do musically so if you guys do not
know I have a lot of members of my
family of The Addams Family
who'd weren't shown unlike my videos I
have around 1 2 3 4 around like probably
like seven eight family members of mine
that are never shown like on camera and
one of them has musically she doesn't
show her like self but she made she has
recently she makes I think she makes
other of my family members like do
musically and I don't know why she's
doing that I guess she's like you know
what I can't be in vlogs I'm gonna make
him musically make Rima and say I've do
musical ease on her musically so I went
on and I was like you know what alright
let me watch it and see how it goes in a
Rima maybe it's dope then I watched it I
was like what the heck she doing man
Rima do not ruin your reputation like
this please do not so I want to show you
guys some of the musical ease and let's
react to it and watch to it together
okay so if you guys want you guys can
follow me on musically my musically is I
believe it's is just my name Adam Sala
it's actually Adam Sava 93 I'm probably
gonna upload more music please just for
fun but today let me show you guys the
cringy musical ease that Rima has done
no way no freaking way Mawson cannot be
involved in these no guys I'm freaking
up Martin do not oh my god you know what
let's watch them here it goes it's
coming
cut it cut it cut it cut it
what the heck was this remark what at
least if you do it you know add some
like how you look like you always do
like cut it cut it like put in all your
effort if you're gonna do musically put
in all your effort this is another one
okay that Hamza know Hamza
who invited you now I know who's
influencing like Reema to do Amazigh
that's you and I'm surprised you didn't
take off your shirt
why are you making it be so cringy like
this huh Hamza I blame you you're 100%
to be blamed there's another one of Dina
the dream would just do this as a heart
didn't realize it Rema it's like this
look like that's a heart she just went
like don't ruin reputation like this
girl Rima you're a star
dunno what are you doing once I see you
man she's sleeping right now but once I
see let's watch one was say F let's see
what he does let's make sure to put that
in the comments peace hug you that was
that was pretty good this is the nicest
I've seen say F ever maybe it's a good
thing for say F to do musically
they do like robots lip singing like put
some emotion in that one was pretty good
so every mile I'll give you I'll give
you a pass for that one
the moss in the Remo just doing
musically of Jacob's it so I'm out I'm
just joking but what the heck I'm done
watching these I don't know which ones
or more cringy these or Hamza's actually
it happens at UV the most cringe east
music Lee's ever Rhema next time I see
you we're gonna do a proper musically on
my musically and we're gonna show them
how we do it cuz girl that's not how you
do it really you can do much much better
and do not ever ever Reema ever do that
I get you lucky you're five girl and
you're lucky I'm 12 years old so that's
that's that's pretty much it I end the
vlog here I hope you guys enjoy this
video if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey thank you guys
so so much for always coming through
every single day and giving the videos a
thumbs up and leaving a cute comment
thank you guys so so much I appreciate
you guys and I'll see you guys tomorrow
with another daily flock take care of do
me a or pace I like I love you so baby
please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be prouder for
you
so don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna be Oh baby you can have anything
you want for me and
I can't replace them a baby I've cried
it be the man you be brother every day
for the rest of my life to be through
