we say this to Facebook and Twitter guys
we spoke a different language on the
plane and now we're getting kicked out
that's insane
now we're getting kicked out we're
getting kicked out because we spoke a
different language is it this is 2016
okay 2016 look Delta Airlines are
kicking us out cuz we spoke a different
language cuz we spoke a different
language thank you so much you guys a
racist right I cannot believe my eyes
I cannot believe it I spoke a word a
different language and you said you feel
uncomfortable because I spoke a
different language I can't believe it I
can't believe my eyes why are you guys
good me cuz we spoke a different
language like that it's already and yes
are you serious I'm not the cry right
now seriously cuz we said a word in the
different language and there's six white
people guess us bearded man six white
people just us bearded man how did you
kick them I feel uncomfortable no you've
been getting a kick ass on once we go
outside that's what's gonna happen
they're gonna kick us out Delta Airlines
and I have an account with you guys too
I spoke a different language and they're
kicking us out thank you so much daddy
thank you I appreciate so great thank
you so Nick towel thank you so much
where white people complaining about
these people speaking into Frankie I am
upset that that's happening real and so
much you kick them out of it they curse
us out
he's homie shut the fuck up we never
cursed he told me to shut the F up if
they never cook freedom who keeps they
think big in whatever language they want
hey guys I'm Adam Saleh what's up I'm
Slim and today we're gonna talk to you
guys about what happened at the Delta
airplane we're at so right now we're
Newark City we finally made it home safe
and I should say thank you guys so so
much for your support seriously you guys
have been helping us so so much and what
happened today
seriously breaks my heart our flight was
around 10 10 a.m. in the morning we're
heading back to New York City
we haven't been home for a month and a
half so we're tired ready to go home
I speak to my mom on the phone for
around 10 to 20 seconds I was gonna be
six hour flight I'll close it
I'll start speaking to slim in Arabic
and this is where the issue I guess what
people had an issue when meeting him
were speaking Arabic there was this lady
four seats in front of us she looks back
and she says can you please speak
English I feel really uncomfortable and
it means some wood
shocked he was just so paralyzed I was
paralyzed I was frozen to be honest
because she was speaking directly to me
and I didn't know what to say to that
because I felt like I felt like really
weird to be honest and then Adam stood
up for me I spoke to her I told I was
haven't you heard anyone speak a
different language and then another lady
who was from Pakistan was sitting a few
seats away from us she stood up and she
was like this is very stereotypical I
speak Urdu and they would just speak in
Arabic what you're doing is wrong they
can speak whatever language they want
then a man who's travelling with the
lady I do not know that was her husband
or I don't know who he was her brother
he got up and he literally said chucked
him off the effing plane chucked him off
the plane and that just caused like a
whole chain rule change when she's 20
then got up say get out get out oh my
god his fist is up in the air and means
someone looking at each other like oh we
did it speak Arabic I felt really
uncomfortable that people just like
looking at us and pointing at us and
screaming at us I couldn't I didn't say
a word the whole time because I was just
that afraid scared and stuff and Adams
only wouldn't like actually talking
defending us and then they even went to
the flight attendants first of delta
this is the exact word from the flight
attendants they looked at the the
passengers they were like if you feel
uncomfortable for them speak in Arabic
then you leave the plane then they all
went and saying it was like 20 them
they're like where's the captain where's
the captain the captain came and the
captain tries to speak to us we couldn't
even speak to the captain because these
people were literally going crazy and
then the lady that was next next I was
god bless her she told the captain that
all we did was speak Arabic but since
the captain saw everyone against us and
telling us oh my god they don't feel
comfortable stuff went on in Germany
last time I'm so scared I didn't even
know what happened a dream I don't
haven't been watching the news me and
him have been traveling everywhere and
then this other lady was telling the
captain
they had their fists up and they were
speaking Arabic harshly when you speak
Arabic any foreigner they know when they
speak Arabic there's hand movements that
we speak we're laughing we cannot laugh
and speak Arabic so then the captain
comes up to us and he tells us can I
have a word with you guys outside I said
okay he said okay and then he tells us
but bring your bags
at that moment at that moment that's
when we knew we're being kicked out and
that's when other passengers stood up
and they were like
this is freedom of speech what we had
and this is wrong for kicking kicking us
off the plane for speaking another
language and then at the moment when I
was filming and saying that they're
kicking us out for speaking another
language Delta did not say anything no
one stood up no one in the whole plane
said anything anything about it
they stood quiet when I said the kicking
us office speak in another language once
we got out the plane they told us don't
worry we can accommodate you with
another flight but but we felt like like
how you gonna just kick us off and
accommodate us with another flight to
make us feel better we didn't do
anything if anything why don't you kick
the other people out who felt
uncomfortable around us I was still
paralyzed in a cell frozen and
securities escorting us out like we did
suddenly we committed a huge crime they
said it's down back to our gate and they
tell us oh don't worry
we're gonna give you guys another flight
and I'm trying to speak to them I'm like
if anything why didn't you kick out the
people that cursed us we never cursed
anyone so then we're sitting down at the
gate there was a couple people who
worked with Delta that came up to us
they told us like do not let this go
Delta has done this many times in the
past and when that Delta Oracle was
talking to us another Delta work who was
against us he went to that work and he
told him to get off to get away from us
and not to speak to us and then after
that they bring the police honest the UK
police they come to us they speak to us
they were very very nice we tell them
the situation and they were shocked they
saw the video they told us keep the
video do not remove the video and if I
was you make a complaint and let
everyone know out there it's really sad
because this issue can happen to anyone
it can happen to elderly people who
can't even speak English and there
they'll be helpless they'll have nothing
to do they'll have they don't even know
how to use a camera don't know how to
use a phone to even reach out to anyone
so we're spreading this message to you
guys to not let it happen again
is an issue that he will keep using the
fact that we're pranksters against us
they keep trying to use our pass against
us I feel like this is the boy who cried
wolf because we always see in the video
it's as real as it gets usually at least
in video and other issues kind of
bothering me is that out I was the cause
of everything this all happened because
of me and I'm gonna speak up for myself
and Adam spoke up for me he was there
for me to speak up I couldn't speak up
for myself so imagine someone else who
can be able to speak up speak up for
himself you know
so this whole things about me and
everybody all these
news outlets are using Adams face in his
past against him and this is my issue
this is about me
the house was speaking and they came at
me and I was one that defended me
because I can speak for myself so if you
guys you can't chat Chinese just pass
against them it's because it's about me
and you can clearly see there's a video
on Slim's channel that he's gonna post
you can clearly see all the workers
we're literally so rude so the media's
gonna keep twisting our words but we're
not going to speak to any media right
now till we see our attorney and then
we're going to see what to do from there
I just want to thank every single one of
you guys for your love and support you
guys truly helped out so so much thank
you so much for real I don't say I
appreciate every single on you guys and
thank you guys so so much
