hey guys what stop ado me gang hope
you're having an amazing it because I'm
having an amazing it so I'm having an
amazing it you all should be having an
amazing happy day so that was what I was
supposed to do when I was back home in
New York City I'm actually heading home
right now I'm leaving Australia and I'm
so so scared because I got threatened by
so many of the airport security that I'm
getting into trouble so I really really
hope I do not get in trouble
only the ratted I do mieze who watch all
my vlogs know how I am and know that in
the beginning of the tour I was saying
that I am gonna prank a doom again but
what gets me so mad are the people who
only watched like one of my vlogs and
they judge me based on one of my vlogs
and like wow this dude is so dumb what
is he doing and then all these nose
channels I need to pick it up when
they've only seen one of my blog I'm
pretty sure they do not even know how I
am and how my relationship is with the
dooming game I prank a Douma gang almost
like once every two to three months i
roasted to me a like once every two to
three months you guys roast me you guys
prank me and what makes me so mad is
that these news channels are so biased
and they don't even know the full story
I feel like these news channels are
turning like Fox 5 News like when
someone shows something bad about you
know what's going on in the Middle East
they go and spread it out they're like
look Muslims are like this but they
don't show the positive side and they
don't show the full real side whenever
the YouTube news channels mention me I
always get racist tweets like oh you
stupid dumb Muslim go back to Islam all
you don't go kill yourself literally is
all racist people please before you guys
report and knows learn how to spread
love learn how to know the full story
and stop being biased like a freaking
racist news channel in the meet it's not
bringing the media onto YouTube that's
all I want to say only my Radha that do
me know exactly when I was doing my
haters or literally coming out right now
because they found the reason to hit on
me but thank you so much on my honor
that do means for always having my back
I appreciate every single on you guys
and I'm ready to head back leaving
Australia thank you guys so much and
I'll see you guys
like by the way I'll see you guys in the
next shot Pierce I'll owe you remember
keep smiling even if your haters around
you keep smiling
it kills up keep dancing no Jude you
wanna die be hey juju or not be hey juju
what I do do it now sly but I love you
alright guys I am in Dubai right now and
Angela I made it evade I made it
Australia you guys were actually really
really cool but you guys just like
because were laughing about it with me
so thank you guys so much for having a
laugh about it and to everyone out there
who's like online literally cursing me
out being so racist towards me and not
even knowing not even watching my vlogs
the knowing that serious issue screwed
you cuz but I've been on around the 15
to 16 hour flight from Sydney all the
way to the by now I'm gonna go from
Dubai to London I'm gonna stay in London
for a day then after London is straight
back to New York City so our flight is
about the board and slim lost his
freakin wallet I don't know how the heck
he lost it when he had around $1000 in
that wallet
yeah his credit cards and debit cards
his ID all it's pretty much his life in
that wallet and he lost it and now he's
like in a horrible mood and I hate it
when he's in a horrible mood because he
just like ignores me doesn't talk
I can't believe you actually lost it so
maybe that's not everyone whatever my
life hopefully it's in the luggage
that's already set that's what I think
he's like start of luggage I'm telling
you but I checked my pants this must be
my pants but hopefully Charlotte it's in
the luggage we're gonna check it once we
land in London and we're gonna see if
it's there or not I want to give my mom
and my three sisters a nice gift because
they're always so supportive it's so
amazing but I do not know what to give
woman as like a gift I don't know you
guys let me know in the comments below
what should I give why should I give
them as gifts I do not know I'm so bad
at giving like when I have my future
wife I do not know what the heck to give
her I'm probably gonna give her like a
big hug maybe I should give my mom dates
or maybe I should give her like a hide
job and I buy it but the thing is with
me I don't know what's a good design I
don't know what's a good like structure
I'm so bad I don't know so but or maybe
I should give her this what the head
guys look at this this is 40 I think mom
would love this and I give her this so
42 the widow what god is heavy but I'll
really give her a sheet now she'll kill
me if I give her she should pay our
mothers love the gold something that our
mother would love
how many carats gold is that 22 carat
yeah over dozen more and then what kind
of earrings is a comma
and which one is better
see I don't know which one is better
which one which one do you think is
better
village trios you like little tiny King
balls some uniform
know if it's the balls are the signs oh
then you don't know what the hell you've
done a significant structure you see it
this one how much 1899 Niners 1000 I'll
get this one this man can you put in a
nice gift side thank you so much
anything and that's it mama I know you
love gold and I'm giving you something
for me so I love you so much and to my
sisters I still don't know what I'm
gonna get by promising to get you guys
something real real soon and we just get
mommy first because I love my mom and
I'm missing so much and I cannot wait to
get back home and give her this little
special gift I might maybe on my vlog
and show her for the first time I don't
know thumbs out for me to do finally got
my mom this gift I'm so so happy and
this is the official look
for my mom she's been you learn
mission accomplished I got it I hope I
do not lose this like how lose my black
camera when it loses like how about
black camera and my Oh Massa gold is
really really expensive I can hold on to
it and hopefully my mom loves it I'll
record her reaction maybe I need to try
a thumbs up if you guys really want me
imma try to talk her into it I don't
know if she's gonna say yes I'll try try
my best so thank you guys so much and
right now there is getting me a couple
footage from a recorded Rima and Adams
family so enjoy it
and I'll see you guys in the next shot
remind you want to go to the city wanna
go downtown are you cold
it's okay we'll hang up with it for a
little bit okay okay guys I'm over here
with the uber driver so what's up so
what's up hey what's a he spot ARIMA and
he knows Adam yeah yeah I know the Adam
and okay alright you had a nice father
and I watch all your showing you YouTube
it's very nice the idea is like either
prank and ARIMA I she was very young
when I see her first video now she's
really like Rima say Thank You Rima
she's so pretty thank you brother
this is the best sneaker spot they got
you have all kind of Jordans all kind of
Easy's everything thinking about getting
these Jordan number six okay now it's
time to go make the other picture guess
you might in later not so Reema is
making me bite her toy I'm gonna do a
Pie Face challenge you did it already
with Adam okay well that I don't come
back and we'll do it
okay I do me gay that's where we got for
the kids we got the chocolate we got the
toys we got the Ring Pop we got the
Jordans and we get what sense car now we
got the Jordans I was dying for the
sneakers see right happen these sneakers
have it came out yet they're coming out
in the end of the month I have to buy
them early
I've got these two crazy brats over here
no are you with me nah
how are you Dina okay good would you
want to kill Adam where's Adam huh Adam
what remember the bus
what's the bus the heart you mean
Australia Dena knows Adams not here what
happens they off somehow the view Wow
what did I do okay taking video yes for
Adam say hi Adam what are you doing
appearing the iPad yeah he's feeding wow
what kind of game is that I don't know
you don't know manteca monkey con he
looks like you be quiet
say I forgot to tell me a secret would
you want a tongue okay give it yeah hmm
he's gonna be mocking ha ha thumbs up go
turkey so baby please be who you wanna
be I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be
so don't let anybody
Oh baby you can have anything
and
