he's trying to say the intro you can't
try it ready set go hey guys don't make
it do me
ready set go
hey guys what's up you do me and I hope
y'all having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing he said it he said it he said
it's it no yeah me me it's coming out
it's me
it's covey god what does it started to
talk I'm heading to go see the homie
Jason because I haven't seen him for a
while then after that I'm gonna go to
Hamza's house cuz I got some stuff to
pick up so we're gonna see out today go
hey hey get up get up we're gonna play
Simon Says okay Simon Says touch your
mouth yeah touch your head up you both
lost the game listen ah no both you guys
lost why do you pick don't pick your
nose it's like whenever I pull up the
camera she just picks her nose you guys
are seriously crazy Hey
look at Mawson Oh huh good idea Robin
he's saying I'm his legally I did a
history history I always got to go
through a little kids and they're
jealous look at him please oh my god
what the hell I'm not a freaking like
Santa Claus oh you got a hug me okie
Muhsin
oops what the heck and I must say get
off Venus and innocent teen listen I'll
get together how about this together
okay together good job
yeah yeah good job see now were one big
happy family
good hey good you're happy happy family
happy you're happy happy to do me gang
I'm back in the city and it is raining
once again but I heard it's gonna be
really sunny this whole week so I'm so
excited for it plus slim is coming back
tomorrow right now I'm about to see
Jason I have not seen him for a while
and I'm going to update you guys
everything with Jason
once I see him so I've got to look for
him right now yeah I find him about what
I miss you I miss you so loved it a bit
about Jason hey Jason I mean Jason came
to Sodom all because it's cold and it's
rainy outside but me and him are here to
update you guys on what's been happening
with Jason's world so you can start off
good say hi to them start off say
whatever you want go
hello a doobie Gary what's up a big
change to the world's back he's back
video year new me hey don't don't
only ratchet pizzetta but really say new
year new me it's like ratchet cool so
you say it is you say new year new
adventure new adventures like their year
do it read AI like tell them about why
you have uploaded for a while so
first of all had people following me
yeah one to do harm to me
a lot of haters yeah a lot a lot here in
his like community in his homeless
community he had a lot of a lot of heat
around him so he wanted to basically lay
low we will do it they know I hide I
like I basically wanted to to hide from
the world for a while just to regain my
thoughts so yeah he basically stayed
low-key just so because everything was
hot he didn't want like so much bad
stuff was happening even though he's a
good person deep down inside and there
was so many people around him now
telling you to stop being around certain
people because they were trying to set
him up so he had to lay low just so
won't like make it to hot box about
promise he's gonna come back 2017 some
more dope dope video yes enough yes
enough yes
hey the homie Jason is gonna come back
and yeah what kind of video is gonna
give them I've been playing a trip a a
oh yeah you've been telling about it yes
and Slim is coming tomorrow and he's
decided seize them but Sam is too busy
cupcake in all the way and freaking Cali
but yeah so that's basically always been
going on with Jason right now we're
gonna go eat are you hungry yeah because
I'm starving let's go Eva was a new
place in here this moldy they took the
food courts oh wow hey we finally made
it to DGI up thank God it's Friday
Simon Friday to Monday today 22 the King
Elvis
good burger thank you very much ha I got
me a frozen mango peach lemonade
we got a mountain view we just got done
with dinner and my stomach is like I
feel like I'm four months pregnant my
belly's jiggler like a satyr call your
bellies jigger I have to take my
medicine can't forget my asthma I think
I learned how to do it already
laughs one knows what more I do Bob
what's up Logan
nice to meet you whether it's just got
done taking up medicine we gotta head
out you guys gonna see Jason again in a
couple days
I have to go to Hannah's house so Jason
my brother from another mother take care
of love you boy love you too
take care what's up guys so I just got
here to hamza and Hayley's house and I
have this package we're gonna open it up
right now and we're gonna see what it is
to be honest I thought it was a Pie Face
showdown challenge but I felt it it's a
little heavier it's something else
Adam Adam Adam Whitehead Whitehead
whitehead
that's how yummy ladies turn up at their
weddings why did I get a knife from OPI
ready ready oh we're gonna see what it
is right now okay okay so as you guys
can see looks like a shoebox I promise
I'm only opening this box the way the
way I am because I seem caius and hua ji
you guys did a vlog guys did a vlog
titled at Masada the worst unboxing
sneakerhead I'm sorry man I know I made
a big mistake I'm so sorry
it was pointing out his watch the vlog
and I promise next time guys when I have
new sneakers I'm gonna go to you and I'm
gonna ask you how to open sneakers out
of the box first but I have these
sneakers right oh oh oh my god the box
look fun if I rip this box I'll allow
you guys to beat me up guys how shall I
open this box let me know sneakerhead
how should I open this box all right um
I think maybe you take a knife and you
go like yeah I'm joking yeah guys shoot
uh guys I so you go like this by doing
the right guy Oh then I open it up and
then you see right here a four and five
and then open Wow look at this this is
dope this is like Bugs Bunny with a 20-3
run here and then you openness
you guys ready hey guys ready uh oh damn
how many boxes are there I'm missing I
think for this one you gotta stab it so
you see it I open it like this smoothly
am i opening you're right okay there's
another little paper how many this is
why I rip boxes man Keisler this is why
I rip it up look how many stuffer in it
it's like unnecessary but this box I'm
like Neela is really sexy and Wow
is here hello it's the Martian Space Jam
jardins I want this forever wake up
and smell the garden fresher than the
harvest if I had one guess then I guess
I'm just Nuala's and I would never stop
like I'm running from cut guys look at
this Space Jam Jordans Wow look at these
these all men oh it smells so good
kynzie want them I'm selling it for two
geez I'm just joking he probably he
probably has them but yeah man look at
these Space Jam George I'm so excited
ah I cannot wait to wear them and to
rock them to see what's up okay do me a
so I also got something else and I'm
here to talk to you guys about it I got
another DNA ancestry thing to do another
experiment that I have to have to do it
all over again and let me update you
guys on my results my results have never
came in I don't know I don't know where
I don't know if like it never went to
them I don't know if like they were like
still doing research and they're like
found out I'm from like a different
planet and they don't want to let me
know but I have to do another one the
other one I do not know what happened to
it so please I always see you guys
asking me on the comments below
where are the DNA ancestry results I
don't know I want to know where it is -
but I'm gonna have to do it again right
now with you guys and we're going to see
how it goes so if anyone doesn't know
what's a DNA ancestry test
it's this thing right here where like
you put your saliva in and then then in
six weeks they let you know where
exactly you're from you can be from like
what Brazil Europe like they'll let you
know where your answers is where you
came from all right so I have to put
saliva inside this up to here so this
much saliva which is a lot and it's
nasty so don't look ready so alright
guys after this I gotta take this out or
shake the tube for at least five seconds
five four three two one says at least
five seconds so I should do it a little
more uh place it in here throw like this
close then you take the mailing thingy
put it inside and that's it okay do me a
I'm outside in the freezing cold and
it's raining this is how you mail stuff
in New York City foam stuff right here
it's smell it's gone DNA ancestry test
till six to eight weeks so we're gonna
wait but let me know in the comments
below what country things gonna come up
for me
I know most likely it has to be Middle
East because I am Middle Eastern but
like what other places you think is
going to show up okay do me younger it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope y'all
enjoy swag dead make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey if you made it
today's vlog give it a thumbs up and
give yourself a pat on the back
thank you so so much do me egg for your
continuous love that you guys show every
single day tomorrow I have a little mini
surprise for you guys it's like a little
my more of a shock then surprise I don't
know yet but you guys are going to see
it tomorrow and if it gets through
tomorrow so stay tuned for that and I'll
see you guys tomorrow domain take care
or peace I love you so baby please be
who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody
Oh baby you can have anything you want
to me
