so I know us better filter pineapple hey
guys what's up and do me yang I hope
you're having an amazing name because
I'm having an amazing it so I'm having
an amazing that you all should be having
an amazing happy day it is finally a
beautiful beautiful day here in
Australia Sydney's looking amazing
it's finally nice and sunny outside hi
guys we just got an uber this is our
we're like little license plate with the
drivers I've it in here like how can it
then possible or whichever to come and
not even be in the car so
do you know where the driver is surprise
it do me and with the home eating right
so it up it's good I so we're doing a
little stick they don't know like what
the heck even happen so this is a
surprise kind of thing and yeah so I'm
not gonna say enough that just know that
we're in the studio that's it that's it
in Australia that's it studio in
Australia that's all y'all gonna go
studio in Australia
you
hi guys I just got done in what so so
amazing right now we're in the car of
Naz losses earrings at this restaurant
near a beach Bondi Beach is my first
time here and I'm so mad because not
this slim left me to go hang out at the
beach so I want to I want to go look at
this looks so beautiful
this is dope right now we are heading to
the homie Ollie Bennet's house and
seriously this guy has been showing so
much love on Australia thank you so much
he shout out to him an m-80 that we
proud and also i'm gonna be surprising
it's a really big fan or neighbors or
whele you suffers from cancer so really
really appreciate if you guys can keep
her in your dad's I'm ready to surprise
it I don't think I can flag there I just
don't want to put a camera on her face
but I'm gonna hang out with her I ain't
gonna spend time with there so shut it
really fun and we'll see how it goes
alright guys we are at I leave by that's
place and we just has some amazing
dinner and now we're eating some fruits
right here I bet I like this what's up
Bassam what's up hey Ali I just had a
lousy cook another a fee how's it going
yeah good only cherries like that he's
gonna say I don't want to say something
he's got a message on now that messages
all right say the word message ready no
no got it
no let's try it up hey everybody
boo an American exit yeah very good
recognize nothing hey everybody
hi everybody
if I'm having a good day yeah
we got em up with all right guys we just
got back to our place and today has been
a crazy hectic day because I did
something today little secret
last-minute project was like a
last-minute like I don't know where it
was oh my god I cannot wait is about to
be the same it won't come out to like
three four months from now I promise
it'll be worth and I'll be really really
dope and I got the hang out with Ali but
at her way down he'd shout out to both
you guys I got to chill to guys I got to
you know put the camera down and just
chill and it felt really really good but
thank God my older brother Ronnie he
recorded a low challenge video for you
guys so hopefully you guys enjoy this
video and thumbs up for my older brother
and the Adams family for doing the baby
food challenge and the crazy thing is
I'm watching these videos just like how
you guys are watching and I'm missing
them so so much so if you missed out and
family
give this vlog a thumbs I've only seen
how much and every single one you guys
miss Adams family because I missed them
so so much so make sure you give it a
thumbs up and we'll see you guys enjoy
joking and join the video
I'm more sir door today we're doing
something different we gonna do that
baby food challenge I bought all the
nasty flavors the vegetable the
butternut squash the carrots I already
know whoever inland finish it
that means they win whoever has the most
finished yeah come on Hamza not again so
now Hamza is gonna go first
times a day first enough we're gonna see
that at the end I give him the biggest
spoon that we got this one yes uh
vegetables I don't think I'm gonna like
that yeah bro okay let's go hands up
Oh baby food
you got to finish in the scope your book
you gotta finish it yeah come on stop
look just watch it finisher let's go
finish it and you worry okay lissa for
Hamza the second person went down and
the rest to go it's dimension you ready
give on you can handle it I got his
spoon okay get ready
oh this is worse than what I'm done
let's go do something I got still a baby
Tamara has to eat three bites just like
me discomfort so you you have to be
three bites at least four bites you
gotta do
okay one that don't spit it up Oh lost
you lost you God even oh yeah now the
third person is up its Rima Hamza it's
gone
yeah man is God now is Reema are you
reading me
you know you're not gonna throw up like
come on I never eat this flavor is me I
choose randomly I choose randomly look
at this for Reema
I got a spoon okay ah ah suck so much
have to wish us the worst oh gosh L is
one - she cheated - already well that's
easy when I was small we got a winner
man that's my senchan are you ready man
are you ready okay you ready Madison
he's gonna enjoy it I feel I think mush
is you know what because this is his
food that's why eat all the time I would
just give it try hey Emerson
we can see in the end who wins thought
Louis a better fielder pineapple was it
I just spit it up come on man one more
time my son is out Roger look what do
you want to tell them your food you
loser
my childre pizza party go right oh you
can do a little bit
how did you do the business like can I
smell it other bees almost smell smell
like sweet potatoes well I got it that's
a better one no no no no no another one
oh yeah now let's see who's the winner
Rima is the first one Hamza second
gimel is the third the fourth one is
marcin is number four and I'm the last
I'm the loser now we have to wrap up
this challenge give it a thumbs up
go go Turkey
hi guys it's time to
I hope you all enjoy this like did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey
thank you guys so much for I love a
support it truly means the world every
single day you guys always show so much
love and it truly means everything I
will see you guys tomorrow do me a take
care and peace I love you so baby please
be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you're gonna be Oh
baby you can have anything you
I can't replace of a baby I'll grind a
big menu
