hey guys what's up and do me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so bomb having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day it's supposed to be
summertime right now here in Sydney
Australia but it's kind of chilly today
but I like it literally it's not too hot
and it's not too cold
we are heading out to explore more of
the city so let's see how today go this
is the beautiful view that we have over
there's like a rooftop pool you know
where there's just like Sydney are you
ready let's go oh what's the fun before
doesn't it that wasn't me was that you
know damn oh man it stings like oh
that's really nice oh man who farted
rope hi guys I'm here shopping eyes are
on when you guys gave me this shirt at a
show and now it's just found the shirt
right here I love this shirt man thank
you guys for give me the shirt some
doesn't like easily engage spaceman I
like a what a gay spaceman
so my gosh you're like I'm a Facebook so
I just got done shopping here in sorrow
by the way the sauna here is horrible
only found like two three good stuff I
got this jacket right here we got
don't the jacket fell apart it's one of
my favorite jackets like a little jean
jacket and now said he hates it do you
know what it is I change my mind when
you put it on it said your Michael you
know it looks bad wrong huh well it was
hanging up I was like he's bad wrong
Adam that is ugly now bows any put it on
and I like it I like the back backseat
oh you there look at that that's fine so
we just came out of footlocker here in
the Australian mall and I sound like
such a such a douche but the footlocker
is so small and it's horrible now I know
why the New York City Shopping spots are
like the place to shop
maybe because me slim of like from New
York and we've seen like everything and
when we come here so much smaller and
we're like less like surprised and
shocked like look at this this is the
Adidas store question that's it it ends
right here that's the data so the Adidas
store in New York City is huge they're
blasting our music I'm running for one
ready
stay guy
that was crazy these guys are wild I
thought I was well yeah while only I
sweat arms is so cool
here nice this is my Arabs are so cool
berg√ºzar cool guys I'm at the Versace
store thinking about getting these
slippers right here look at these these
are acquired like these these are so fun
this is just they might get me as my
travel slippers I get it
look at this there's a barber shop in
this shop man this is Alex oh man she
should make a little mohawk everyone's
looking at me I want some crazy shopping
I got mustard a lot of clothes
imma show you guys later in the run
right so don't fear man what's up in
Douma gang so I just got home here in
Sydney Australia I have not uploaded a
fashion channel video for so so long
that's because I am on tour my promise I
am gonna come back but today I'm gonna
do a little fashion kind of lot so I
spent today thousands of dollars on
shopping mostly it was on mauston and
some of them was on me not spec slim
spam but today I'm gonna show you guys
what I got for myself and what I got
from Austin so the first thing I'm gonna
show you guys is what I got for myself I
shop today at Burberry Burberry one of
my favorite brands
I got me a plain black shirt and the
only reason why I got it is because nas
forced me to get this because it looks
classy this is it right here is just a
plain black button down with a little
Burberry brand around the only reason I
got it because it makes me look smart
usually I look dumb and really ratchet
this makes me look you know actually
makes me look smart smart look this
button-down shirt was around $400 so the
next thing I got from Burberry is
another button-down I have something
like this a couple years ago but this
one is kind of different because it's
more like a jacket looking tight it
looks similar to one I had a couple
years ago but I promise it's really
different this one is it's a little more
baggy but I love it I don't know why
some reason I love this so so much not
says I look like a chef
chav I don't know what the heck that is
from the UK but I'm from New York City
at New York City this is you know this
is fly you know saying this is fly this
book down right here was a thousand
dollars anyone was crazy just gone down
that I got maybe a couple months ago
this one right here which looks really
dope it's $20 $20 bond ah this is a
thousand dollar bun down this is a $400
button-down you guys let me know in the
comments below
which one is the dopest looking one and
which one would you get anyone was crazy
to have a head job that looks just like
this for around $1,000 was a scarf but
you can use it as I get head job and
they had a normal one like yeah I need
all my job mom could get off like five
dollars and the regular like Burberry
head job is like a thousand dollars I
was gonna get it from a mom but my mom
went insane on me so I snuck and bought
me this buy my sneaks tomorrow and buy
her the same one same head job one
because you know I got to keep my mom
like a flop I got me a flannel
button-down right here it's black and
yellow black I love I get yellow black
and yellow
I got me a sleeveless black denim jacket
I got me a kanye pablo escobar shirt
right here because this is rare to find
in new york city i also got me a Yeezy
for president shirt and I got this not
because I want Kanye was its president
because it's so rare to get this in New
York City also and if you have it on
it's like no one would ever have this
will be like wow I like getting stuff
that people do not have so this is dope
dope shirt by the way I'm only showing
you guys some of the stuff that I got
not all of it also be like a forty
minute video olive green sleeveless
hoodie olive green is one of my favorite
favorite colors I got me a Compton hat I
used to have another Compton hat but
someone took at these dopes jeans right
here that have a couple cam like army
Kenny alright here like white playing
t-shirt a beige playing t-shirt okay so
I'm done showing you some of my stuff
I'm gonna show you guys now some of MAS
and stuff and it is so so cute I'm like
crazy shopping from Austin so I'm sure
you got some of it and
show you guys once I get home the
clothes I'm gonna put on him he's gonna
look fresh to death Watson this for you
if you're watching this Muhsin I love
you so much
Watson I love you Boston he loves when I
say his name so Boston look the vlog is
for you I love you
Indu Mia look at this dope jacket that I
got Mawson look at this a button-down
from Austin he's gonna be swagged out
I got a little hoodie that I always wear
I wear these types of hoodies that are a
little long over here also got my
matching pants another color matching
pants black one another jacket for him
is a little varsity like a jacket
mustard I love you so much and there's a
lot more that I've here I'm gonna show
you guys once I get back to New York
City I also got me a lot of pairs of
boxers and if you guys do not know I
don't know I don't know this is like a
bad thing but each boxers that where I
throw it away and I get no likely I wear
to box there's a date I don't know this
is I feel like that's one of my bad
habits that I'm trying to stop and I
promise I am trying to stop but I'm
pretty much done with the video I have a
lot more stuff here up now I'm gonna end
the video here I hope you guys enjoyed
it make sure you guys give it a thumbs
up and go turkey do me Hank thank you
guys so so much for loving support and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care bitch
so baby please be who you wanna be I
know your father
wanna be so don't let anybody tell you
what you're gonna be Oh baby you can
have anything you want to me
