guys ready go c-13 oh hey guys what's up
and do me yang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
it you all should be having an amazing
happy day I am ready to head to the
Melbourne Australia show is my first
time performing in Australia and I am so
so nervous and only reason why I'm
nervous is because it's my first time
here so I do not know how the people are
and what do they expect or anything like
that so I really hope I can at least
make you guys smile make you guys laugh
I always get so nervous but when I get
on stage like the first one two minutes
I get confident that all the nerves go
away because of you guys thank you guys
so so much I'm heading there right now
and I'll see you guys in the next shop
all right guys right now we are on our
way to the venue's just being slim not
already there organizing everything and
the security is waiting for us outside
I heard it's crazy packed outside we
have to enter through the front because
there is no back entrance I guess not
just came in and there is a back
entrance I was just excited to go to the
front lucky but it is a back and just
right now we're going through how is it
I was in there all right packed you sold
out no yeah done there's not a single
seat left a nice mom warned you guys
made us proud I love the back entrance
this is always like a restaurant or
something that lets us sneak in this is
the stage right here Matt say what's up
shadow tell me Batman appreciate it man
thank you so much this is a backstage in
there and ready to do it the flash man
we took off last night okay I know why
like nervous and committed but that's
also go to the front so I can see you
guys at least and have a look what kind
of crowd is it is so I can like get used
to it so me some just messin fans and we
notice that the fans here in Australia
the way they cost some same and my name
are really different the way slim six
limbs named slim name's Liam see the my
name is my name is Adam and on Adam Adam
Adam Adam I am the sounds so nice like
Adam Adam I don't have him I don't
matter yeah leave me sounds so dope and
in the UK it's like Adam no no I don't I
don't then it's a slim slip other New
York is Adam yo hey yo Adam are you out
of your slim hey yo yo yo - yo are Musco
had anything I don't yes there was
ready go c-13 thank you Oh go steady
thank you what up God give it up Rima
comes on stage right now I'm going in a
few and I've been asked a lot of time
it's gonna be a fun time I'm so excited
crowd is insane little insane thank you
guys so much make it so nauseous
guys wanna give each other to ream in my
mood thank you guys so much the helps a
lot today and you guys yeah
the Cubist Cup in Australia whatever I
shall live anymore years to come and
keep it up thank you guys so much
so my gosh you guys in New York rimmel
morning in Chalmette thank you so much
hey yo I'm on I'm on right there what's
up all right hand sorry this is why
we're waiting okay do me gang we just
got done with the Melbourne show it was
an amazing amazing time on the tank
every single one of you guys for coming
through and showing so much love and
being crazy crazy loud in this
experience in Australia has been an
amazing amazing experience it's better
than what we expected meets them
we're like expecting like I don't know
are they gonna be because it's our first
time here but you guys are literally
amazing and insane - thank you guys so
much huge shout out some Australian but
do me thank you guys so so much bye I'm
gonna try the segment Oh Adam trying the
snacks from different countries and
today is Australia these are the snacks
that I love you guys gave me so thank
you guys so much for giving us next I'm
gonna do another segment of Australian
candy after the Sydney show so let me
try these these are called
1010 1010 this is like the most popular
one that a lot of you guys gave it to me
something to try it out and see how it
is it looks like it looks like a fudge
cake in the picture but I don't know
let's let's try it out yeah this is like
oh my gosh these chocolate cakes like
get my hand like really carried by the
shot ready mmm mmm it's a cookie you
smell like a cookie and frosting inside
these are bang bang like a biscuit oh
this one is called shapes so slim has
some of this but I haven't tried as I'm
try right now shapes since
see is it different shapes they all have
the same shape it's a one two three this
is a hexagon I believe so mmm these are
like flavored crackers let me get a
little drink this drink is called solo
solo original lemon maybe it's like a
regular lemonade No ah man I hate
lemonade with soda that tastes like soda
I like that many of this he's like juice
but mmm this is a sprite this is not a
lemonade okay this one is called
Vegemite Vegemite so I heard about this
it's in popular like Australian kind of
thing let's open it up and see it's just
pitch black inside blah what deck oh I
thought was gonna be like Nutella but
this thing is like what the heck
I haven't try it out make a little
finger scoop and try it
I got there's a what the Freak this like
some kind of prank oh I might throw up
hi i'ma try a little bit ready matter of
fact I'm Chuck Holton that go oh my gosh
that was salty like and it was nasty who
gave you that when we gave me that
you're salty I'm just joking but oh man
this is what happens when you're on tour
after you do a whole show and do like a
meeting greedy of meeting like 250 50
people this is what happens and I feel
bad for son that's all get up second a
mess around
oh damn that was Karma he just his
reflex hit my freaking what the heck
also someone gave me this little ball
it's like a sport it's called EFL or AFL
it's like a famous sport here in
Australia this is called the football
but it's not an American football
American football is like that but the
real like the American football is like
the punk foot the punk rugby here they
play like rugby and AFL they play with
no like no gear enough mileages play and
go all out but this is well this I'm
gonna try to aim it inside the microwave
yet let me do it let me go I'm gonna try
to aim it inside here in the microwave
with this side and somebody told me to
support the team half worn something
like that so let's go home or I don't
know which teams do you guys like
alright guys you guys have to get vlog
the thumbs up for me get in her I first
tried every single one you guys I'm
counting on you guys
kids of like thumbs up for making it
it's Villa ready oh I made it I made it
I made it sir let's go big I'm try to
get them doing it so I get a double
thumbs up and I'm not editing this
anything out you guys are watching this
my first try this is my second try ready
I made it again
officially twice she has to give us a
double thumbs okay do me a so there is
some footage oh that my brother recorded
of the average family so you guys can
enjoy at Mawson I started using the
bathroom so you guys gonna see him using
some of the bathroom here goes hey guys
I hope
and Nick lovin baby you guys should have
an amazing happy day
I'm Reema I'm come on this is messin so
much fun I would wake up okay are you
guys ready yeah we made it to Chuck E
Cheese you guys are happy
yeah you guys make you guys wake me up
too early for this it's cold today yes
it is what about you my son John this
spaceship
Mira Mira our goal
reverse it to the mirror master dick is
going crazy for him
hey guys look what's up Marcin is
finally potty training hmm
say hi I do meet yang hey well what we
love you we love you I'll be like a
little peace peace hi guys I hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you did make
sure you want a thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so much for a little
support thank you guys so much for
everything that you guys do middle-east
tickets are now out for Doha Dubai I
want to tell you guys that in Dubai I
will be performing in the festival I
believe in January and February this is
the big news this is insane
Chris Brown and Demi Lovato will be
performing on the same stage that we're
going to be performing at the same day
on the same stage but different time so
in backstage I'm gonna be with Demi
Lovato and Chris Brown this is literally
insane like it's so insane so I cannot
wait for it
make sure eyes get your tickets for
Dubai Doha Muscat Oman Bahrain and Abu
Dhabi so make sure you guys get your
tickets down below and Sydney if you
haven't got your tickets get your
tickets Australians I love you guys so
much thank you guys so much and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
pitch like so baby please be who you
wanna be
I know your father
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be oh baby you
can have anything you want from me
