hey guys what's up and do me hang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day I am in Australia
oh my god feels good it feels good to be
in the other side of the world people
have doubted me people have looked down
on me and now in australia melbourne
australia and that's sydney and it's
summertime here I don't know where I'm
at right now
we haven't even checked in our place
because check-in time is three hours so
we have three hours to cos I'd meet some
nice so it's going to be really really
fun this seems the first person I meet
in Australia I'm from Germany they're
not all right thank you
well surely yes Australia's - Karen
nice we are heading to the barbershop
right now to get a little haircut this
is what I needed guys I need like a
little break just explore the city hang
out for a bit and the show is in around
two days I believe it feels so weird God
so weird like it's like this is my first
time here I would have never knew that
I'm like in Australia so thank you guys
so much - do me a if it wasn't for you
guys I wouldn't even be traveling the
world so thank you guys so so much that
wasn't a fake Statue of Liberty right a
few
nice can I guess I can I guess they have
to get it from her okay all right
how you doing what's up how do you think
are we married now should we get married
why I love you hey
this is cool I like Australia welcomes
refugees like the people making the
people hi how's it going what's up
alright already
take my hat off it's all food oh look at
you oh man I messed it up
they say the holding bowls not
everything ball what boom a doobie gang
I just left the barber shop and I got a
little haircut look at this this is so
sick is like a little fade and the
funniest thing just happened right now I
feel so bad
slim just got his hair ruined like his
whole hair line is like up to here yeah
and he is so mad you went crazy at the
guy the barber guy I feel so bad for the
bar we got well you went insane and me
nos cannot stop laughing it is so so
funny but I show you guys in a little
bit because slim is so mad right now
so in a maybe later on the vlog you guys
have see Slim's hairline when he's not
mad because he is insanely mad right now
the guy who made his hairline up to here
but not why I like this is he looks so
weird
hey how's it going
Hey here we have what we call East
London Asian buyers agent legged was a
Asian buyers was that bigger than boys
down Brick Lane they walk around like
this
I was slitting their eyebrow
okay so I am in the uber right now about
to get my stuff and head to the
apartment that were staying at
Melbourne's Melbourne sorry someone told
me that I smell been how you say
Melbourne or male born Melvin Melvin oh
sorry awesome Erica CML born people hate
it but it's it's our accident I'm sorry
we don't mean to say it that's the way
we read it I'm sorry you don't hate us
boss trailing accent is literally it's
hot right like when the lady's having
the Australian accent it's hard yeah
yeah oh yeah what about the American
accent what do you think is more hotter
the American accent Australian accent
definitely say that much one choose one
also the English for the Englishman any
more difficult than the other really I
like girls really nice because my first
time here so I've never heard it so when
I hear like people saying some leader
was like all my goodness I was like
alright guys we just got to our spot
here in Melbourne Australia
I lost slim and not for like 40 minutes
because they're so slow we took two
taxis I took one separately and both of
them took one separately I gave him a
dress and then the hat they must
understood the address and they gave the
guy another address and my phone was
dead
and their phones were dead so we each
had to like look for a charger and like
call each other so they have to look for
a charger and I had to look for a
charger and when I my phone turned on
and their phone turned on
had to call them and like clear the
address to them and then we finally made
it so 40 30 40 minutes later we made it
here and it is looking beautiful this
place is though guys I don't care how
the place looks like it's two rooms and
two bathrooms here and it looks like a
chill new spot here is really really
nice but as long as there's fast Wi-Fi
like right now slow just upload a vlog
how many minutes is uploading role how
many minutes
seven seven minutes to upload a whole
vlog that is amazing as long as this
fast Wi-Fi is good we're set are you're
not mad anymore huh
happy you have to show it yeah it smells
Ned for first hour please please show
the communiques and like this is nobody
better this is just taking the piss
troll honestly I see it I don't know how
can a Barbie this fucking stupid to fuck
this up
it's ben qazi i saw me guys's I have a
source other guy the guy was doing my
hair he had a mustache trimmer which
like if it just touches it like shake
everything off so the guy one like Shh
look is the right size the fucked-up
moose will be regular yeah yeah I'm done
no I'm freakin yours damn guys about you
you had to get roasted slip you're gonna
kick Wow
yeah I got fucked not hey you got a soul
man wrong oh my god you don't say I buy
this shit I feel bad for the guy bro you
got fucked that guy well Rob 11 you
alright guys so right now we're visiting
this abandoned jail I do not know how we
found and it's interesting also so we're
gonna go in and see how it is closed
it's closed I know right oh look at its
clothes after 5 o'clock right now
this is where the PM is all your fault
because somebody's in bathroom I'm gonna
make sure to visit it tomorrow and see
how it is but the thing is it's like
literally like 510 right now
and it's like a dope old jail like that
one visit I want to see how it is a vlog
where you guys been
no II just was like oh yeah this was in
the nineteen twenty five they say like
the military time noise I say we need
five as in my year but what was so when
was not in twenty four identified so you
guys can lock him up
it depends if you do in the watch has
experience I can lock you up in the
padded cell who is with us thankful so
funny Australian accent UK accent in
America next American huh you to put him
alone so we should we should do her well
she's only 24 hours victim really you
try not say well I'm think about doing
24 hour in that jail so what do you
think I'm down I'm scared though we do
it dad if we got sucked and we can't do
the mountain the Melbourne's the
Melbourne show sorry but we have to do
it but tomorrow we're visiting it up
this is where they should have been the
nutcases case you bring who that's crazy
locked up pull me out thank you guys for
your amazing comments I told you guys on
snapchat you guys comment I will post it
on my next vlog I love you so much Adam
makes me smile when you see you happy
thank you so so much newer little jazz I
appreciate you so much Adam you make me
happy every day Jay College a call
what's up thank you so much okay do me
XO I just woke up from like a three
four-hour nap I'm about to go back to
sleep I had to end the vlog right now
before I live like I just want to say I
am so so sorry from the bottom of my
heart for canceling Singapore I have not
been feeling like myself the past like
the past two days I've been on a plane
I've been like doing the show on a plane
and leaving and it's been like literally
like I don't even remember like what I
did yesterday that's how fast everything
is going by like I have to go to the
blog to see what's going on so today I
was supposed to be going to Singapore
and then after Singapore supposed to
take a flight to Shanghai China - and
then to Australia so that was that
would've been so so long so I had to
cancel Singapore
just go straight to Melbourne Melbourne
and just I can just relax for two three
days because I couldn't take any more to
go all the way to Singapore and then to
Shanghai then to Australia and have like
this connecting flight but would have
been I would have been so like done I
feel like health comes first I wouldn't
have ever even been myself I wouldn't if
I would want to sing apart I've been
feeling tired and exhausted so I'm so so
sorry you have to know how much love
half of you guys how much you know how
much love I always give you guys I hate
it I hate it I hate it when I always
like let you guys down and I feel like I
let you guys down some of you guys were
tweeting me tell me Adam you don't care
about the Singapore people you don't
care about single fans I do care about
you got a do love you guys
and it was a free public meeting greet
there anyway so it have been hectic I'm
gonna try my best to do a show there
once again I'm so so sorry and I really
hope you guys understand and accept my
apology I love you guys and always know
that I do love you guys and everything I
do this for you guys is from a family
and I really hope you guys just like at
least understand I'm coming from because
it has been a hectic couple days and
other than that if you guys agree with
me give this vlog a thumbs up obviously
if you guys agree with me if you guys do
let me know if you guys don't let me
know in the comments below
but yeah I'm so so sorry for making that
decision I feel like I don't know
sometimes always think about so many
other people I figured to think about
myself so this time I had to think about
self because I had no option because I
was literally I felt like I was slowly
dying so now I just took the snap I'm
gonna take another nap I feel like I'm
gonna slowly come back alive like I'm
recharging a battery so I really hope
you guys to understand than that I'm
gonna wrap up the vlog here and I'll see
you guys tomorrow again once in
Melbourne Melbourne sorry I love you
guys so much to do me I have so much
love for you guys and I will never stop
loving you guys thank you so so much and
thank you guys for always taking about
my sign and being so understanding
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I like so baby please be who you
wanna be
I know your father will be part of or
you're gonna be don't let anybody tell
you what you gonna be Oh baby you can
have anything you
and
