I said no you say not on Syria see you
soon I don't want to see me hey guys
what's up with you me I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing so a bomb having an amazing
day you all should have it an amazing
pattern defect so I'm being their tour
guide today
bene Banu and a homie hax he been here
before but I'm showing you guys so guys
this is Times Square the first place
i'ma show you guys it's Times Square by
the are you doing a pillar man you don't
get yeah we're neutral bed oh yeah nice
to see you too no way from oh Wyoming at
Wyoming nice the homie from arm it was
good hey can I get a picture yeah but
never seen them stairs before my good oh
it's red staring yeah tourists hey just
a kid you're right my mom up here with
mommy
only Allah you gave us five to put the
kid in the front yes sign is nice
oh no sir you like this no she's
confused
crashing my David Lassner I'm from
Denmark Denmark and AAA and show how to
shoot I've got $20 Denmark I like seeing
the tourist reaction anyone asks you for
a mixtape and you try to give you like a
city do not grab you better tell your
story about anyone oh hi I was saying to
thousands would ya pay $20 for a mixtape
ya got a hole there was nothing on it
are you sending on it why would you buy
your mixtape I don't know what anyone
who comes to New York City near tourists
do not buy the mixtape I was a woman
there's nothing in there imagine how
many tourists they do that and they paid
$20 so they do it ten people that's $200
it's pretty good
that's crazy that's business yeah Pizza
whenever you're in New York you have to
try some New York Pizza
yeah yes have this because have this
feeling no we don't you guys know what
pizza no you guys know what pizza called
know what is this I live in our taste
buds do everything at the same time as
much wines good or bad tastes like bread
which is good yeah this is good
I'm eating my pizza like this and Adams
telling me to fold it supposed to fold
your pizza look like that well you need
however I want to eat here but still you
got to have that New York in you you
know say you can't go to New York that
go to the wax museum guys he came here
know how to take pictures right now so
behold me right here you will see it
someone's like I appreciate you man
thank remember thank you very telling
liner slit him why cos good nothing both
Will Smith was he thing say shava shava
Shahrukh Khan homie beautiful hair Jimmy
Fallon Yassir Arafat my homie man it's
the only person that I'm taller than
here the Pope was up above over it once
again slim in 30 years guys shout out to
my man Steven right here you wanted to
be in the vlog say what's up while
you're in the blog right now
don't leave me hanging all right is what
it is man goes over there
Tupac biggie and two white girls
he saw biggie biggie biggie can't you
see sometimes it wears hypnotize me
eisah Benes about the pretensions of wax
figure he has on a picture of Britney
Spears me wax me pictures Britney Spears
stop smiling
mercy
this is hacks favorite basketball player
Carmelo Anthony my best friend he loves
it so much he looks up one yeah come
through Geneo what's up hi my name is
deceive the Cebu sabe chapter taught me
to see by sitting on a Waxman's here you
don't mind so nice man I appreciate it
seriously from Jersey shoutout to my
girlfriend Anjali what's up I'm her
brother and sister Alana and Kajol
what's up guys I'll see you later see
you later yo he's a nice boy guys all
you got watch I don't he's one short guy
he's all we're appreciated you represent
he represents myself and my family
Muslim community know so much he does
what he does
oh man man and it really made a kid you
remember yeah man love you oh thank you
I think slow over here
we got the RP the legendary Mohammed ah
lead
Justin Timberlake work work work work
work see me in a day
tickle tickle tickle
she always gives me the solution I don't
know why Selena do you okay
talk to me talk
hello so now we're going to rocket for
the center you have to go to Rockefeller
Center here in New York City Center yes
I know you're a Taurus because you say
10 turns
it's a Rockefeller Center that's it
that's it Rockefeller Center oh look a
very I see this like we serve students
every single day
it's the tree come on am I the best tour
guide he's the best tour guide oh yeah I
see okay so this is where you don't hold
Malone in the movie Kevin he was passing
through here to look for his mom I
believe and he went all the way to the
back and like I don't know I forgot what
happened this church is so dope
spell stop sto P what do you do at a
green light you go say silk ten times
silk silk so so so so so so so high what
do we do cows drink no no huh I said no
you say it
not on Syria see you soon I don't want
to see just see all right fine
Bonet it's my new girlfriend ah inside
all right guys she's not right so press
his name right here we're planning on
pulling a prank I don't want to say it
because actually I came in putting on E
hi guys you guys know who I'm talking
about if you guys watched you guys know
I'm talking all right you guys know yes
yes yes should know I'm talking about
this girl who hates me when I have like
when I pretend to have a girl or
something like that we're playing out
doing a huge each prank so this vlog
gets 50,000 thumbs up we're gonna do it
she's gonna pretend to be my girlfriend
and do it on her you should know who she
is so thumbs up get fifty thousand
dollars up and I'll bring her here and
yeah are you gonna say uh yeah let's do
it
excited she might beat you up the holy
oh hopefully she does know she might
like literally great idea act but I'm
not either beat you up or like upper
country or somewhere ready I'm scared
no she should I be scared you should be
yeah I don't know if she's strong but
like I don't know I don't know might be
saying it but yeah I'm poor planning on
doing so hopefully yeah hopefully you
asking like and I'll see you guys in the
next shop I have some heartbreaking bad
news to tell you guys right now and it
seriously breaks breaks my heart you
guys know someone he was in the vlogs
his name was Arvind he was uh this
Indian guy who you guys thought like you
guys were like uh oh he's a these Arab
no he's from Dubai he's Turkish he
passed away in a car crash and like I'm
seriously speechless I do not know what
to say because Arvind was like he was
full of love and like he just text he
texted me last night texted me Aslam and
sent us a long beautiful beautiful
message and a couple hours later this is
this is what we found out he seriously
has a pure heart he's one of the nicest
one of the most down-to-earth humble
guys out there and he's so so young like
20 21 years old and I cannot believe I
seriously guys like I cannot believe I
don't know what to say like if I could
dream I don't
man this is so sad guys I really really
hope you guys can keep our venire
prayers and I really hope his family
staying strong he's always in my prayers
his friends stay strong Arvind I love
you so so much and I don't even know I
don't even know what to say anymore
Arvind sir said you're always in my
heart and I love you so much brother and
thank you for like for everything man
your your we were one of the like one of
the most successful people ever and I
love you guys man I don't know it's a so
you got someone peace
I can't replace them a baby I'm proud to
be the movie
every day for the
I stuffed my life to be
I can't replace it baby
I'll try to
