ready sir Kuwait with me I'm filling
this in if I look good you know I'm
saying well my wisdom tooth is killing
me oh my god hey guys what's offered to
me I hope you are having a nice day
because we're having an amazing it so
for having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day I'm here
with the homie nice nazies aka Groupon
that's what his mom calls him at home so
me and nas also slunk was in the UK
right now we were heading to Indonesia
in a couple hours and that flight is
going to take a really really long time
so we decided we I don't know how to
miss a day of a video so we decided to
make a video together for you guys about
how we met we've never spoken yeah we
never mean us never spoke about how we
did on Twitter in the works but not
anything on Twitter nice with it we're
gonna let you guys know today so many
details on how the heck we met and how
is he
my manager right now August 2014 it was
my first time ever in London and I was
pulling this meeting Greek I did not
know what to expect was my first first
time I didn't know if five people were
gonna come I didn't know if 5,000 people
we're gonna come so I go there I do the
meeting Reed I show up in High Park and
there was like thousands of people there
thousands of people there
I had no security guard the person that
I wasn't that I was with he left me he
literally was like pizza I'm leaving you
all alone so I was stuck and like I was
pretty much stuck and the police had to
come and take me I was going to get
arrested for public disturbance because
I caught a supposedly cause like a
disturbance throughout the whole you
know train and trafficking of like that
even though I didn't I wasn't really
meaning to to disturb anyone I didn't
expect what would happen the police let
me free and they told me to go back to
where I was and the hotel and like an
idiot I tweeted where what's my hotel so
I can meet you guys on my first time
then after that they kicked me out the
hotel
after that did another meeting greet the
same day within the same hour at this
part called Battersea Park in London so
when I was in Battersea Park in London I
was getting completely mobbed over there
completely mom I was just with like one
or two friends from London I didn't even
know them well anything like that so
while I was getting mobbed in Battersea
Park I was I had no security with me
nobody to help me so this person one of
my friends and he told me that he can
get someone to help me out to like you
know to help me control everything and
take pictures of somebody and I told him
yes I was in desperate I was like in
desperate need of yes please call
someone and bring them over to Battersea
Park to help me out so that's the one
that he called was not he came with five
people so now as you say her side of
what happened when you can't go I was
enlisted or somewhere every was enlisted
a how is that come on his mom couple
hours my idiot I got cool
just as we was coming towards London he
won me and his lardner's
a year round bla bla bla I need you to
help me I need you to help me rescue
animals I know so then I didn't want to
go along and I I didn't come to use me
in Greece I don't have a clue so I went
to the meeting agreed and I just see
like a swarm of people what the hell's
going on here and then he when he when
me is that all you need to bring people
with you right in Madras oh I tell you K
more like he came like five people
little all holding each other's hands
like this really like this they came to
help me and they like helped me like to
get one bond pictures without anyone
like distracting me and I appreciated
Allah because he had like he didn't even
know me personally nothing like that we
did that doesn't mean great stuck him in
the client in whatever I didn't have it
I knew who he was
obviously I knew I knew the name Adam
solid he had no idea who I was
yeah he had no idea who I was so stuck
him in the car and then I think that's
when we went for food and shisha right
yeah then I get that one
verlan shisha and then he was obviously
asking me like on that what do you do
like like who are you alone yeah I was
according it was like the episode were
like if it was the power spider-man and
Mary Jane they met each other it's like
who are you I was hairdresser still have
my hairdresser by the way he says it
let me explain somewhat what he does
what he did before and what he still
does now
so before and now he's a celebrity hair
stylist so he gives like really really
good haircuts to like football players
soccer players so it's the artists like
celebrity that's all of that so tell him
on my hairdresser and then what he did
he could and then he goes on gogo
Birmingham tomorrow or something yeah
the meeting regret he had another
meeting greeting Birmingham he goes
nestling what the hell shadow so don't
worry I'll sort you out cause and I'll
give you security and blah blah blah
yeah cuz I and you know you like I was
like nah he's talking he's not gonna
help me to these with that night I went
to his hotel in London and I gave him a
haircut my again we hang up like a phone
I'm tell you the funny side it has no I
love you that back so where's your
little you album red you know when I'm
cutting Adams on his head so I'm allowed
just Teresa I went to go cut these
idiots hair eternal gave my hair cause
guest rehearsal guests and then I think
I think he tweeted something it was a
really good haircut they gave good I can
I'm not even joking ringside tweeted
that's really Ameri something and I've
never seen this many mentions in my life
right hey I think I got one mention of
mom right
he tweeted over Yahoo also who's this
guy as a scholar school and everyone was
just like going crazy and then next day
he went to he needed to go Birmingham so
come in the morning to compare me and
blah blah blah and then we kind of went
that he went to Amsterdam ran out MSF
another humor Amsterdam you're back to
London and I'm
to London and then he's ignoring me yeah
I was ignoring I'll look you up so this
what I'd enjoy almost a message doop
like a fan unless you were home fan it
was that young man have you ever come UK
boy you can hit me up buddy when you're
on autism that no reply this guy didn't
replied to me flat three days right even
flag to me like free four days later but
I am stay off for is probably busy
buddy-buddy Ron yeah I just got a fine
in I think when you go back to New York
he replied saying yeah man Frankie
rah-rah thank you for looking out for me
in the UK I got back to New York I
texted him and I appreciate it like what
he did because not much people do that
for anyone unless they have you know
unless they they they shortened up they
have a pure heart clean heart so I
appreciated it I was asking my CEO can
you get like any like UK tour like can
it give me like a a tour and like that
then he says yes I can try to settle it
you know I live in you care to try to
get you I don't really do any like
management or like fixed us up i'ma try
it out he tried it and he killed it like
he did really really good for the first
time ever like I know that was maybe a
couple mistakes remember but he's the
only person in like my life throughout
my whole management career that can
actually set up a whole tour a UK tour a
year of tour Australian tour a world
tour so that I guess I was like his mini
his mini talent is hidden secret talent
is like setting it up and the way he
talks he knows how to talk to people
he's a good businessman he's a good
entrepreneur mashallah so he talks
really good he knows how to handle stuff
so I see the end and I'm like yo this
it's like I seen the secret it was like
a secret time they seeing someone I'm
like yo this dude nas knows how to you
know do this do that control this
control that and in my past career had
only two managers before knives at two
managers one of them he would literally
just tell me like oh we gonna give you
this I'm gonna give you that and it's
been like a whole year he didn't give me
anything I might go like I want you to
give me shows I want you to give me
stuff like that but he did it didn't
give me anything the other manager that
I had he basically stole he basically
stole he saw money basically I wasn't
his manager this guy in Australia was
still his wondering yeah so the guy was
I had to
ask this guy about everything right so I
got a booking from sponsorship
sponsorship the like are you nuts
we want to give you ten thousand pounds
to give to Adam right so I said okay
cool so I had to run everything past
this dude right yeah was I'm a guitarist
his mind you're late I got a phone call
waiting by the rock so I called him up
and I said to him listen the Adams got a
endorsement deal for a ten grand
what should I do yeah and and he goes to
me
yeah get the deal but tell Adam it's
$10,000 not pounds because I was in
pounds to get higher currency ten
thousand pound it's like at the time was
like twenty thousand dollars if you
enjoy some pink the current ear it was
like one point five point but it's like
double and you're trying to say tell
tell him that his dollars now I'm like
what the hell that means China so he was
trying to get me to basically steal
right so I thought now you know why I'm
not doing that so then what I did I
called him up snitched okay together see
the into the right they would read the
reference when I said snitched the
snitching was basically a core team up
on us and listen your guy in free is
trying to get me to do this riding buddy
button and but if it was I was kind of
stuck in the middle because even it
would have looked like that off I've
come in the scene and then I'm trying to
move Adam away so I had to had to do it
in a way where he heard him say I asked
nos I was like y'all put him on a phone
let me hear let me hear what he's saying
because I've been through BS manager and
I was I was literally sad I'm like man
this gosh on a steel like this is really
really sad so we got in the phone call
and his own words pretty much said do
not tell Adam just tell him dollars and
we keep the pounds ourselves and I'm the
way I know it's shady because this
manager they even give me the password
for the booking email like if you were
not asking for a booking email password
you say no no like I wanted to see what
kind of booking I'm getting that was it
and he pretty much was saying that um he
wanted to test nas but the thing is if
you want to test NAS why don't you put
me in the test
body
you let me know about tests like I
didn't know nothing about the test and
at the same time if he's testing nas he
passed a test right and another time
like when he got caught
why banished all of a sudden like it was
just really really weird but that's the
past
right now we're focused on you know how
we met and how we want to continue on
and doing amazing things for you guys
litter everything we do everything me
not to do is always for you guys like I
do being you guys do not understand how
much grinding we put it we don't focus
on other people and focus on any other
like hatred another we don't hold no
grudges against anyone you focus on
ourselves I want to continue on just
giving you guys the best we love you
guys so so much and we always want to
keep you guys mom from there and then
like we just connected and continued on
but we just took little baby steps and
move up and up and up and up and uh come
to LA right now we're here in the middle
Oslo just finished a sold-out show like
five six hundred people and we're bout
to go to Indonesia about three thousands
of people there um yeah if it feels it
feels like an amazing accomplishment and
throughout life you're going to go
through little obstacles you're going to
go to people who are still going to try
to hit you this is you you're going to
go through people who are trying to like
hit you and bring you down but you're
gonna have to stay strong and keep going
up if then I make it hit your life after
I came in your life because you have to
go through this patch stresses me out oh
my hard to take every day I'm sorry
I promise it's not okay this guy it's
all for the best I promise you I have to
put up some crazy stuff okay wish me I
can play for everything with no no
that's the clothes ramas out live I
promise everything is just some girls
vote nice nice so no one is perfect
everything happens for the best and as
always have a pure heart and a clean
heart and you just continue on just
moving forward and we want to say I love
you guys so so much thank you guys so
much for everything
I'm gonna hope you guys enjoy this video
it was like really late right now we're
gonna be heading to Indonesia so
Indonesia
get ready free show at America and
Americans at it at America at American
December 7th one pm make sure you guys
come through it's gonna be insane it's a
free show there's gonna be saying that's
it
thumbs up for homie not seriously he
doesn't get like enough credit so thumbs
up for now if you guys are watching his
thumbs up for now cuz I won't see this
vlog I want see thumbs up until you out
insane bazooms a thumbs up thumbs up for
put a grant every single day because
when I met this guy I'm gonna be joking
like his numbers and these numbers know
alike they're like they have they just
could reboot and it's not what the heck
he just said they put him 3po was the
Haven of Wareham a lot more if no more
threes and Vidya sits down - I don't
it's not it's not it's not because of me
it's not because of anything it's
because of his when he puts in the
grease and he had been to home right now
when it comes to Authority something I
saw about the appointed a knight strudel
as the biggest bumped up together but he
liked his daily vlogs infant that no one
sees like the I said struggle that goes
into ICD Shipman because I live with him
half bloody year in my life so I I see
like you know all the things that he has
to do fishy so thumbs up never for that
and I appreciate everything that Naz
does with like the whole heap he's on
the phone 24/7 with what he does he
freakin has to go through so much crazy
BS he has a trial he has to leave his
family so I appreciate everything you do
thank you guys so so much and I'll see
you guys smart babies so baby please be
who you wanna be
I know you're
we'll be proud of where you're gonna be
so don't let anybody tell
Oh baby you can have anything you want
from me
