hey guys what's up and do me I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing yes or I'm having an
amazing name you all should be having an
amazing happy day we are in Oslo Norway
once again today is the big show
guys look at this beautiful beautiful
view of Oslo Norway this is beautiful
look at this now you to these right
that's good a beautiful view this water
looks so cold so we're about to have
some breakfast do a little shopping
because the places are gonna be open
right now during the daytime and after
that we're gonna head to the show I got
a Caesar sounds in ditches
I mean healthy not eating healthy thanks
to this helping Elfi that's the plan
change one more five treatments this is
still healthy it's not alright guys so
we're gonna shop in here I'm trying to
get this the thing is this is a woman
store it's mango so huh everything here
is woman's nas's telling me to get it he
says he said I can rock it off it looks
like men but I think people get people
gonna know this for a woman don't who
are gonna know this woman is you guys
watching and the people at the show
won't know yeah it looks good right
rough load pull it off we turn up not
not pretending holding the mic yeah
penny or anyone that looks dog only you
can pull it off
sure yeah man I don't do Benoa like
that's what if a girl has the same thing
on
well she change sweater sure give me on
stage with that trust me liberal the
girl has the same sweater
got it from mangoes what if a girl has
the same thing no coming how about this
how about this how about we check
getting it's good I'm filling officer
look guys I'm getting a woman fur coat
that no one knows about until the limes
up at the Zephyr one can him kind of man
still wear it or no I'm sorry to worry
I'm okay I can't find men hopefully no
girl knows that like huh that's it man
you make me get in your love and I mess
up Sam
is this rare univer woman in one of your
one of your biggest european shows are
you doing today
I can't be seen out here that I don't
want to be seen you outside I don't go
outside and the coast is gonna run run
run
what's gonna happen but what see nothing
I didn't do nothing everything is cool
this show time so I was asking uh Yasir
how this jacket looks and he said he
found out I was a woman giant so maybe
he's just really smart or maybe he wears
my let's go bottom I just hope I just
hope that no one like is wearing the
same jacket as I say my mother like
girls are gonna say his mom or we can
give it to lucky lady found tomorrow
he's right I'm gonna give it to someone
so my mom's and so we see how it goes
and Oslo
Oh
okay so living here like always hazel
yes
I think all of your
me
yeah
Oh
I want you
Oh
so this girl is selling the match for us
I'm saying business how's business
stressful how's business okay my son
don't cry don't cry I'm over here get
ready yes your Jack is over there no no
no it's too cold outside you have to
listen to Bob Holly I don't work without
very good well we're joggin Adam I don't
know
Adams watching this one don't be huggin
that what do you want to tell Adam Adam
a new field will you miss you you guys
are ready you ready Marcin yeah and look
at me a message Wow we got twins over
here we finally made it
Hamza what's up I'm Zack yes dad what's
good is good so say hi Dina say hi
let's go who's gonna win who's gonna win
right to enter the park Marcin you got a
team ah yes it's okay so it's okay Sonya
your shoelace
you could do it you could do it come on
come on one two go
pop does your earthquake over here
that's easy
finish it hey you stop you know I got
tired
what let's go no you need you got a
hammer you could do it
I did you're gonna throw up
watch out watch out fall down
you can't go up mess any too young today
let's go play some ball the next Michael
Jordan oh no it's okay oh wait
okay do me anga it's time to wrap up
this vlog I just got back from the show
Oslo thank you guys so so much I know it
was like a hectic time with the girl on
stage that no lie to you guys tell me
Adam don't take it easy don't do this
don't do that don't call her savage I
know I understand this girl she was not
supposed to like no one is not like
supposed to come on stage while I'm on
saved and like throw me like hug me like
throw me on the floor that's not that's
completely not allowed the only reason
why I said savage because she snuck in
backstage she went through like she went
through like ten security guards and one
onstage and she like tackled nas again
after the show what she went through
like she did so much stuff that's like
impossible to do so that pretty much
makes her a frickin savage but I do not
condone and I do not recommend any of
you guys do that because they will throw
you out the show and they will I don't
want you guys getting hurt so I want you
guys stay safe and I want you guys doing
anything like that want you guys to
chill turn up with us and have an
amazing amazing time other than that
thank you guys so much I hope you guys
enjoyed the vibe we did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey we're
heading to Indonesia and Indonesia
Malaysia Singapore Melbourne and Sydney
it's about to get crazy remember
Indonesia is a free show 1:00 p.m.
December 7 at the add America venue all
the info is down below so free VIP so
I'll see you guys tomorrow do me take
care and pitch I love you so baby please
be who you wanna be
you're gonna be don't let anybody tell
you what you wanna be
Oh baby you can have anything you want
to me
