hey guys what's up and do me I hope you
are having an amazing a because I'm
having an amazing a so I'm having an
amazing egg you all should be having an
amazing happy day we just got to Oslo
Norway our show is tomorrow so tell you
we have a little chill day it gets dark
here
around three o'clock which is insane
like three o'clock and it's already dark
so it's so much like darkness throughout
the winter and so much sunlight
throughout the summer time but we are
going to head out do little shopping do
little exploring because each city I'm
going to go on and do some exploring I'm
wearing the same clothes and I need to
go a little shopping I don't care if I'm
on the same clothes I'm on tour and I
rarely bought any clothes because we
have to bring ball around merch and our
luggage and you could pretty much say
the merch is sold out like everything we
have is pretty much sold out we only
have a little bit for us Lo and
hopefully we can get more for Indonesia
and Malaysia we might not have it for
the last two three shows because it's
literally going like someone out real
real crazy but we match our bus to keep
it up and give you guys anyways I'm see
you guys in the next shot yo head up we
are in the streets of Oslo Norway this
is like the main road the main road is
like really really dead and the weather
here is freezing much more colder than
any city that we've been through at the
same time I love it when it's like it's
not too alive but I like places that
don't look so like unbelievable like
whoa I like places that look you know
chill this beautiful look it was like
the chill building here show city centre
down there it's like literally six
o'clock right now Xaro is closed
it's always lovely meeting you guys are
like different cities and different
countries because it's like weird you
guys speak different languages matter
alright what I mean when we came here
last year yeah and and you stepped up
yeah I'm hardly not not loudly but
people still come up now I've no issue I
know every growth which is crazy like
every everywhere everywhere he goes
everywhere take him it's literally I
would step hard people that it even in
the hotel even receptionist no you know
yeah you guys mad right yeah I think
that's crazy nothing that's really cool
cuz I get to meet you guys
different cities in different countries
why is there a Pete random Pikachu
middle of the street Oh Oslo you has a
ratchet - I don't know how people are
outside eating at the restaurant like
it's freezing here they're useful hey
what's up are you guys not cold
nobody Nicole are doing good man here
there's literally nothing to go shopping
at man what the heck
hi guys where I just
Littlefair has like little rise in it
we're trying to hop in the ride but it's
freezing cold like literally sprees of
gold I have no jacket on I'm saving my
jacket to wear for tomorrow oh great
lousy good do I make this what you gotta
wear Big Brother here but I'm not
banking on Al because it me it was just
everything your dimple noise bacon then
Morgan or has bacon everywhere like
little bit sorry
you go to class I'm with ya you advise
sandwich they'll have a turkey with
cheese and bacon in it MP just hiding it
this week has bacon anything you get
bacon you got a soda this bacon hey they
have ice-skating rink here it's all
small but it's so cute on the go in here
we're gonna anyone could just sneak it
from here y'all look at this moment
nothing
I never gonna sneak in bro I'm gonna
sneak in want regular field yeah it's
like illegal in America you sneak into
like ice skater
Hardesty
and you can't form ice skating shoes so
you just skate with your boots
I'm done why would you pull out knowing
that you've been running because I want
to see who's following me from the back
pretend I'm vlogging and I can see who's
following from the back now you've just
let them know yeah you're here yeah but
still I'm trying to see who's following
let's see how girls are let's pretend
I'm vlogging yeah so guys I went outside
to the moon
do me a whenever I meet you guys just
come on just say what up say hi let's
beat show because we don't know like
when you follow us around like I don't
know that's like oh don't be shy
we're looking for a place eating right
now but we do not know where to eat but
ago somewhere healthy yeah all right so
there's a Burger King down there no well
sir there's a McDonald's down here I'm
slim you found who slim slim with that
son on my spoon these are the girls out
behind us she shot a cup see this our
America she shot him she's shy she's
running at the Sun why she's not shy so
we just got out the taxi this taxi
driver took us to the best restaurant in
hospital or we just asked him what's the
best restaurant so supposedly this is
the best restaurant let's see if
actually it so we just wanted the
restaurant and they said that it's fully
booked you know what I really hate I
really really hate fancy restaurants I
don't like fancy restaurants when you
walk it's always fully booked the food
takes so long you have to act like a
robot I just like regular Joe spots
I don't even like going to like any of
these basic restaurant so since I'm not
to go to 7-eleven nothing know what
seven deliver news you know how some in
the moment keep CD my British people I
don't know what 7-eleven is this is like
a normal we have a 7-eleven in the UK
yeah happens ever alone oh wow dude I
don't know I think I don't know from
like the movies there's like a 7-eleven
this is how you know our stalls cold
because we're eating outside the heaters
on top they have blankets on the chairs
and they have like this firm on the
freakin chair that's how you know it's
freezing here problem is everything you
region I mean is in what Norwegian um
Google Translate you don't have to be
right guys are artisan pizza and also
got some iced coffee I'm the only one
week as coffee theater back in the
freezing cold
only because I hate how coffee because
like I don't I came gonna drink it
this one actually eating is smooth with
it we get was pizza and it's not sliced
up or anything all done in Iowa pasta
lasagna and now it's ticket Ania
say hi to the blog nicely hi look at the
way she faces they head to the floor
what's up anions yeah I got it and once
again Naz is snapchat whatever you sell
chassis he catches for us
so we're back at the hotel my older
brother vlog Mawson and Reema today not
much just a little bit because if you
guys do not know my older brother works
every single day he only has one day off
which is Saturday today so today when
every Saturday he vlogs Mawson and Reema
to give you guys content so he takes
away his time to give you guys Rima and
marcin content the vlog that he did
right now was it much because he was
working that day but he still gave you
guys a couple minutes or something was
more nothing must not go to school with
Reema for the first time ever but thank
you to my older brother aive it truly
means a lot once again thank you so so
much and enjoy the vlog with Rima and
loss
what's up guys how you doing it's cold
over here yes he goes too fast Imam
where are we going Iman you get it take
me to school you're happy yes I'm taking
it to school and wesson wanna go he's
crazy you were dreaming are you ready
are you ready for class to Russian yes
give me kiss
is looking for Rima hey guys we drug
free Mahal now I'm all alone with mutton
but there wasn't a
understand Mason he said all look at me
I'm just laying down I got my battle or
watch my iPad
what are you watching my son I guys talk
to you guys later
hey guys I hope you liked this video
give it thumbs up and go there I love
you love you so much
okay do me a it's time to wrap up this
vlog I hope you all enjoy this life you
did make sure you win a thumbs up and go
Turkey tomorrow is the big big show in
Oslo it is a sold-out show I'm
headlining the show it's going to be
huge
I cannot wait I'll slow you guys always
turn up then after eyes give me
Indonesia which is a free event
Indonesia if you listening it's a free
free that everyone is welcome everyone
is welcome the knife that has Malaysia
and Singapore then Melbourne and Sydney
it's gonna be back to back to back to
back to back big huge shows I cannot
wait you get your tickets in the link
down below and I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me a thank you guys so much
always give it a like a thumbs up and go
Turkey by the way I might be doing the
thingy of going in the luggage tomorrow
so I mean the day after tomorrow when
I'm leaving to Indonesia knots look at
me like what the heck you're not I'm
doing it no I would try it I'm gonna try
I'm never see you guys tomorrow
I love you guys and hope you guys
enjoyed the vlogs every single day I
cannot wait to see you guys soon it is
in also and the Indonesia take care of
yang pitch I like so baby please be who
you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you gonna be Oh
baby you can have anything you
and
