the announcement is to me gang I'm gonna
do my intro and I'm gonna see if Watson
comes okay let's see how we go let's see
he's playing right now my dad is here
hey guys what's up to do me gang I hope
you all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so far I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy you gonna shoot
me it's not good that's not good I
missed this dude so so much oh did you
miss me how much did you miss me
- you missed me - yeah white throne
yourself what are you doing I see man
Mohsen get off do me gang my man Marcin
has a hair line now look at this man you
got a hair line
did you like it yeah you do a haircut
Wow
are you ready to find out if it's a girl
or a boy tomorrow you are what is it
gonna be huh it's gonna be a girl you
think so yeah or what which one which
one girl they're boarding now it's a boy
yeah which one girl the boy he keeps
confusing me that boy or a girl what do
you want to be boy or girl boy boy my
dad wants a boy because he doesn't have
as much grandsons he has more
granddaughters your imagine having a boy
maybe you added me that was so so dope I
don't think they'll name it Adam I don't
know what yes yes why because Adam about
on the air what you wanna name it
what do you need what do you want to
name it Bri yeah but what's the name
okay yeah do you know what you call that
don't take how did you get it yeah
Moulton stuff yeah yeah to be honest I
don't care if it's a boy or girl I don't
care if it's the name it's Adam as long
as it's healthy and Shalala cannot wait
do me again you guys
no tomorrow don't move me we're going to
the pillbox I'm with Mama silent right
now mama solid what do you own it to be
a boy or girl huh Loki I don't mind like
on twins
Shanee triplets on triplets come up you
want your plaits yes let's go we out
guys we're gonna go see the appeal box
to see what's up in that College huh it
is cold put on your hat
mama Sal I said to put on your hat and
your jacket
seriously man our mom's they want you to
dress up like it's freaking the North
Pole ah such ones they go like this
zipper up the jacket take a scarf
mittens are you ready let's go we out
you go y'all feel so good to be back at
the new Addams Family house man if he
was like London with this weather man
it's so foggy and it's so wet and it's a
rainy London weather man hey hey hey you
look so much older with your haircut no
one no one we just got to the peel box
man these things look so old I'm looking
for what 6:33 muffin this is my one iron
pillbox 6:33 oh my god I have a lot damn
I need a bigger pill bugs me and I also
have slips to pick up some big packages
so we're gonna have to go inside there
let's go mauston you ready let's go
seriously a lot of you guys set a lot of
stuff and I can't wait to open it up
you're not snot your birthday a birthday
September 2nd birthday Oh me but I can't
wait see some fanart cuz I want to hang
up some fanart in my room in my office
so do me yank thank you guys so so much
send it to my pill box right here also
do me hang I'm gonna be telling you guys
my announcement in a few so they gave me
one whole box I kind of take two boxes
because I got a kid with me you're a kid
yeah what
what are you kidding there big boy there
kid do me acts what just got home and
added some new frames to the house the
homey slim is also here he's uploading
his vlog Slim's it what's up man what's
up it ready for the bay yeah of course
yes is a man to me again we're going to
the bay I think January 22nd my by the
muscle beard that I'm over here a little
bit bad but let me show you guys the new
frames that I got this one right here
it's a dive courtesy right there you
know I'm saying look so much alike
though I like it because it's silver too
and it matches the other ones here look
and I also got mash a lot right there
we got mash a lot over here yeah I got
this right yeah this looks so sick so
I'm gonna check some of your peel box
let's see what you guys gave but before
I check the peel box before I tell you
guys there now Schmidt do me gang I want
you guys to subscribe subscribe you guys
to upload every single day I appreciate
everyone you guys who subscribes and
stays updated with my videos every
single day don't forget to thumbs up or
do me a cuz this announcement is about
to be lit let's go Marcin keeps
following me to open the peel box man he
thinks this is birthday a birthday it is
how do you three after you turn three in
September yeah you did oh I'm bored
about your birthdays today
yeah your birthday is today or it isn't
my birthday no no it's my birthday no
it's my birthday
do not touch people's faces okay don't
touch people's faces okay you could
touch my face but don't touch other
people's faces he's having a bad habit
of touching random people's faces
outside who would just go up to them be
like hey and just grab them and be like
hi Tobi gang this is from Germany huge
shout-outs of a tool from Germany thank
you so so much
open it up this is your favorite you
haven't even seen it what we got a poop
emoji
he's speaking Arabic he said that's kind
of how do you know he likes it you might
cut up you do yeah yeah we're gonna add
it to our collection
thank you but oh so much for this poop
emoji is gonna look so so dope in some
office this is another thing we got it
looks like a poster or something like
that this might be the first ever poster
to get hung up in the office let's see
how it is Muslim your baby okay okay
here open it gosh oh this dude is crazy
like open like this okay
yeah do me again I know this is not your
fault anything but please please please
do not send anything that'll like that's
kind of dangerous because I'm not the
only one who opens the peel box the kids
want to open the peel box
I mean I did open this one but then it
popped out and it went all over musses
eye and now my son's upstairs with my
mom and they might even take him to the
hospital because his eyes like so
freakin red I'm like I don't understand
what the heck just happened I'm so oh my
god man I don't know I was in the room
and then maybe all this is something
that says I don't know what the hell
this is this is ruin days it says I
thought the poster you've been in
glitter bombed
you've been glitter bombed so he much
the glitter whatever Isis i yeah i sting
come on man I don't know what to say I
don't say like
doing a 30 minutes later I'm with Marcin
right now kind of ruined my plans but
Hamid Allah he is firing I know it was
that your intention and he won the
person who said that I know it wasn't
the person's intention to like do this
on a kid they probably want to do it on
me but just know that the kids they love
opening the peel box more than me so and
how did I handle it he is good he is
fine I was just so so scared of him
because the whole sprinkles and
everything went inside his eye so please
please please and do me I know you guys
want to prank me and stuff you guys to
prank me do not do anything to the peel
box yeah baby but yes to do me getting
the next time we're gonna open
something's probably in tomorrow after
tomorrow's vlog what happened now we
have to clean up now you okay
what's up for dumi yang this is a few
hours later I'm feeling much much better
at having the lad went to the gym I play
some basketball my little brother and
the homie slim now I'm back feeling
great I'm really sorry about before with
what happened with MRSA and it kind of
put me in a really bad mood but I do me
game I can't be in a bad mood because I
gotta give you guys my announcement
right now and I'm really really excited
so a doobie gang the announcement is
drumroll I am going on a 2018 I'm going
on tour I'm doing my first-ever chapter
2 album tour where I get to perform
every single song of mine from album
every new song that I have coming out
there's always gonna be special guests
in every single city that I go to I'm
gonna let you guys know all the info
right now so I am NOT doing this whole
world tour at once we are breaking it
into five tours because to be honest I
had a choice to do a whole tour on its
own right away by itself but it would
have only been like 20 cities and it
would have been all at once so we
decided to break it down into five so we
won't miss your city so a doobie gang
we're starting off the tour what did you
K if I didn't break into five would have
only been two cities in the UK but now
that I did break into five the UK has
around like ten cities and it has cities
that I've never ever done Sheffield so
let me explain to you guys how this tour
is gonna be I need to pull out my phone
to let you guys know so the first part
of the tour will be the UK London
Manchester Newcastle Leicester
Birmingham Glasgow Sheffield and Eden
bra I'm telling you guys do me hang
every single second of this show is
gonna be super super lit every single
show is gonna be a surprise guest we're
gonna turn up and have some crazy fun
for the UK tickets go on sale February
24th so mark that on your calendars
adieu me gang I will be there in summer
time so you can we'll see you guys in
the summer after the UK tour I'm doing a
Far East Asia and Australia tour it's
gonna be Sydney Melbourne Singapore
Indonesia and Malaysia for that one I'm
not allowed to let you guys know when
the tickets go on sale but just know
that's after the UK tour and after the
Far East Asia Australia tour it's gonna
be the Middle East and in
it's gonna be Mumbai Dubai quoits about
Bahrain and Egypt I also can't release
the info the ticket date releases for
the Middle East and India also after the
India and Middle East tour it's gonna be
Europe Europe I miss you guys so so much
I'll slow Norway Copenhagen Amsterdam
dusted off Paris and Sweden and after
the Europe tour is gonna be America and
Canada Washington DC Chicago New York
and Toronto Canada do me what's up leave
a comment below which part of the tour
will you be at will it be the UK one
will be the Australia for East Asia will
it be the India the Middle East Europe
Canada America let me know it do me
again also do me Hank please do not be
sad or worried if your city is not there
you still have a lot of time to ask
cities because I don't start this tour
until like the summer time but I'm
letting everyone know right now Ryder
dies or my Ryder do me this is gonna be
an exclusive exclusive tour I really
don't want to say some names of who's
gonna be there but just expect the
unexpected so now that you guys know
that and the only information that I can
really say is that we're starting off
with the UK tour and the tickets go out
February 24 I feel so so relieved so do
me any please leave a comment below if
your city that you want me to go to and
I promise you guys I would try my best
to go there I seriously cannot wait I
haven't been on tour for so so long I
miss it so so much so I cannot wait to
see you guys stay - and I love you guys
what you mean my twitter is right here
do me again trust me a lot more
surprises to come say to him you don't
wanna miss it do me yeah you guys do not
understand how excited I am seriously my
favorite part of what I do is meeting
you guys going on tour and seeing you
guys in real life seriously everyone
that I see I feel like you guys are my
family so I cannot cannot wait UK I'm
starting off with you guys I know you
guys always go so hard so it's gonna be
so so sick to start it off with you guys
I'm so sorry I look like a mess
seriously I just got back to the gym and
I was trying to like you know I had to
stay fresh for you out because I'm going
on tour in a few days you guys will see
the 1finity team you know announcing it
letting you guys know more information I
hope you guys stay tuned I'll see you
guys I already know it gets even more
lit every single year so stay tuned to
do me gang I love you guys I hope you
guys enjoy this life you guys already
thumbs up or doom again for any
questions just tweet me do me answers if
you guys have any questions just tweet
me and I'll try my best to answer it in
the vlog so I feel like I could speak to
you as every day so any questions you
guys have leaving the comments below or
tweet it to me I love you guys I'll see
you guys tomorrow tomorrow is the
baby-gender-reveal adieu me gang I'm so
so excited I still do not know myself
someone's heart is gonna be broken
I feel so so sad but it's all good in
the hood whatever
happens happens happens for reason I
love you guys I'm see you guys tomorrow
take care I'll piss I love you
dumi gang it is 2 a.m. right now I'm
having a bad bad day man with everything
I mean I know I revealed my knots but
everything's supposed to be good news
but I've been having bad news and slim
the freaking idiot
woke me up and died my freaking hair too
like red or like some it was a box it
was purple bra but I got catfished man
it looks like to me you all this
pre-flight oh my god the people get
snapshots snapchat look you you got in
my hands you made me touch it and it's
in my frickin forehead and it burns man
you hurt my skin and stuff slim my god
bro seriously well I I don't know how to
like do this to me memory that year my
hair pink I made his hair pink before
and that's the reason why I don't want
to connect in LA I should make me see
about that bro three nights in LA pick
it that's one of the reasons why I do
not want to violate but at the same time
is like my mom and dad they're gonna go
crazy they're here they're gonna trip
out I'm scared about myself
honestly I genuinely think he might beat
you up I'm not even joking all jokes
aside please don't snitch me up oh boy
don't sits me up boy your pops
don't ya hashtag oh no please why is my
hair purple huh for YouTube duh it's the
prank you look at it looks pretty close
you not roll I can't take my eyes off it
in there you just started something you
can't finish and you know when I told
that time that he was crying it what
does that mean you started something you
can't finish now you started it bro and
we're going to never see the pain I'm
ending this shit garbage I supposed to
end my blog before but nama end it here
if you guys really want to see this
video you can go see it I still I kind
of think it's funny because I do the
same thing and I'm not gonna like be
hypocrites you know like he was so mad
at me for at least 20 like you mad at me
for least 30 min but but but one thing
I'm really worried about is when my dad
wakes up my mom my mom wake up and they
see me and the blame is gonna be on slit
I'm not gonna snitch abut like they're
gonna know it's you I'm dipping bro okay
yeah
I'm Tippi bro my god leave wait for you
buddy that is gonna bother ya bro I
don't wear clothes much do not cease me
out boy mom's gonna snitch me out Adam
don't snitch me Alison I can't believe
what you're gonna have to wait to be
continued we'll see how it goes see you
guys tomorrow man screw you slip man
hashtag Slim's hair is gonna be rainbows
moonmasters yeah I don't play go play
okay I know no games like that no I
still work the late shift still so far
from greatness y'all still got half a
good girl still violate a fake Church
just got home from Lebanon my passport
got so full I had
