hey guys what's up and do me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing it you all should be having
an amazing happy day right now we're
heading to our Sydney show it's about to
get crazy but we were around how many
minutes 9 minutes away to the show and
once we get there the show is going to
start right away so we're not even gonna
like have a little break which is gonna
go boom straight to the show and it
should be really amazing really fun
stuff is planning on doing something
really really crazy some selim what I'm
gonna do so as you can see I have a
pocket full of blood yeah and then when
I go on stage as an adaptation for me
tears wipe them away and all that stuff
I'm going to stage whatever my girl
plays I'm on stage and then I'm a trip
on stage of a trip
clumsy slim trips on stage I fall and
I'm slim for real heart and wipe my face
with the blood it makes you like I'm
bleeding and stuff like that so it's me
really awkward no crazy eyes you got
someone watching normally just like trip
bro
there's gonna be crazy eyes how bad
things still could pull it off because
some you're known as like a a giraffe
everyone would expect you to fall and
trip and bleed yeah so I think several
pulled off good you guys gonna see in
his blog
just made it vaccines it's about to be
insane Sydney Australia you guys are
killing it right now I heard you guys
are loud we're ready to go in and let's
do this
ah
a dumi gang while I was at the show my
microphone battery dies so there was no
no audio now I have to do a voiceover
over the vlog that I vlog but you got
I'm so so sorry I feel so bad cause I've
liked with a lot of you guys and you
guys are so sweet mama Doolittle
voiceover alright so at this part this
little girl she gave a little message to
Rima over here we did a mannequin
challenge it was probably the best
mannequin challenge because no one moved
at all
all right so these beautiful people they
helped us out so so much I wanna say
thank you guys so much and they were
giving a little shout out today family
and I'm saying shout out today mom shout
out to everyone thank you guys so so
much you guys are so cool and hopefully
I'll see you guys again in Sydney and
these amazing people helped us out so
much you shout out to Rebecca
Jessica Rachel and Janelle thank you
guys so so much I had to dab it on her
watch dad dev only thank you guys so so
much I appreciate everything you guys
will help us out thank you
thank you girl
what's up for dumi egg so me and slim
are now back at our apartment and we've
noticed a couple things that you guys
have been roasting me so my partner
crime you know I'm saying come on stop
we're here to roast you guys back thank
you sir for joining me
Slim's like the ropes master to you know
say so thing we're gonna come at you
guys today
whatever I make sure it's not soft uh
I'm sorry I don't know today I'm not
gonna go XR today because going to save
it for more of another time with better
production but right now we're gonna
roast you guys and watch it really do it
man what are you doing brother go mad
face is it imitating yeah I'm so gonna
roast you guys I'm what you got is doing
meet-and-greets guys do not take this
video personal because you know we have
a good relationship where we can you
know Rose rose each other you guys vote
Stas Rose to you guys all right and we
love you guys yeah Rose someone you
don't really doesn't mean oh yes right
do it this is for the shy people we're
gonna roast the shy people this is what
you guys do hey how's it going hey how
are you hey shake you okay you're right
what happened someone hurt you
someone get you out are you even event
do you even like me and then the crier
you're right okay
humanity immediate crime some of you
guys are just really nervous and you
guys who do not know what you're doing
so you guys tend to like scream in like
our face like this come to set my doing
hi Oh
how are you I'm good yeah oh yeah oh my
god okay yeah are you guys you know ice
cream in my face I tell me gang no
screaming I'm sorry hey you want a
picture
so we've experienced this so many times
this one is called the scarer a lot of
you got I'll point out point names out
I'll point names out next time all right
now we're just and in general so this is
the scary the scare of the scared of me
I don't know
hey how's it going why oh okay boy are
you real
yeah well are you alive yeah but I
breathe again
oh you can't you're right yo Oh be
careful Oh
I'm here again to better like sign
something people oh you're kidding huh
oh the one wants to take everything from
us
all of our clothes hey yourself oh here
with all of you at half Oh King me
oh god sure oh yeah what makes thank you
yeah yeah hazel - no no no the best all
right so this one is called the weirdo
the weird yeah the way I thought I was
weird but hanim oh hey how's it going
Harding you nice to meet you again
can I follow myself on Instagram honest
of course yes there you go right there
you okay thank you so much for coming I
appreciate it sir see ya I appreciate it
so so much JD yeah I did - yeah am I
gonna get like my phone back Zach huh
Ami's found myself in trouble
okay looks like I got your number you
just yeah call yourself yeah I'll see
you after okay he'll be gay all right so
this one is called um I don't know the
obvious the slow one don't ask the most
like obvious questions like why didn't
ask that question girl why are you
asking weird questions
hey oh my god I don't know are you okay
yeah can I sufficiently ask you a
question what's the question uh why
you're here in Sydney
why - Sydney Australia yeah do a tour
you why not oh yeah another question
another question yeah um why are you so
ratchet
I'm just ratchet gonna be not like
Turkey you know just wait yeah the bushy
buddy live in New York City um I was
born and raised in Jersey
oh yeah we're good okay do me gang so me
slim kind of got kicked out of the
Airbnb because we had to check out and
we weren't checking out so that roast
will be to be continued right now we're
heading to the apartment I don't know if
you
see now I'm literally stuck on my
luggage and everything is in the back we
just left
bankstown and seriously I put one
snapchat and it was insane like you guys
I did not expect so many people to show
up it was so many people it was so so
crazy so he'd shout out to every single
one you guys right now we're heading
back to home let's say we're headed back
home guys so I'll see you guys tomorrow
dummy gang take care our pics
I like be safe I love you guys take care
of trailer so baby please be who you
wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you're gonna be Oh
baby you can have anything you want from
me
