hey guys what's up and do me hang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day so we just got done
with my first part of the world tour
just got done with Sydney Australia so
yeah buddy thank you guys so so much for
coming through and for creating all
these memories so I did have a little
vlog from Sydney Australia but I decided
to change today's video and to make it a
reacting video to my myspace account
because my twitter is going insane this
is I have some explaining to do guys I
have some explaining to do for you guys
alright so I have a myspace account that
I had a decade ago almost 10 years ago
I've had this account I was around 14 to
15 16 years old and my account is public
I do not remember my password or my
email so I cannot go in and delete and
like remove all the stuff that I have on
it because it's so cringy and it's so
like it'll make you cry but somehow you
guys do me Aang you guys found it and
it's been exploded everywhere and now I
have to make this video reacting to my
myspace pictures especially my captions
because they are so so cringy Midori
today is the day where you know I roast
myself and you guys roast me together
but you know tomorrow is gonna be day
Wow roast you guys so you can roast me
all you want today but tomorrow it's
your day to get roasted so I cannot
believe in making this video you guys do
not never know what a million years I'll
be making this video but here it goes
Dhoom again going to start off with the
first picture right here so this picture
it's a normal picture you know this this
is the normal picture out of everything
but the caption is what makes it really
cringey the caption says I don't know
what to say
tag apart you want heeeeyyyy sexy ugly
wood loose what the heck well let me
explain I have some explaining to do
tag apart you want me like on MySpace it
was like tag something you
like my eye you can tag my lips you can
tag my ears you can tag my blond hair
it's a sexy ugly and I had one like I
had one freaking like idumaean why isn't
life guys can you guys give one like so
this is another normal picture but the
caption says showing off the boxing
shorts look sexy I did not write like
this why man if I could go back to in
time like it one thing in life would be
the mom is basically and delete my
monster I would never even start this
myspace account because how much was I
explain this to my family how much was
explained this to my future wife and my
nickname was called ko King and the
reason why my nickname was called kid
okay because when I used to do boxing
before I used to have a lot of boxing
fights and ice to knock them out and I
have a lot of street fights and I said
knock out the other opponent so everyone
is to call me knockout King was never do
me I was never do me gang I created do
me in the do me a 2012 but before before
that I was called ko King so if you guys
keep roasting me
ko king is coming after you guys you
know coming after you guys all right
this is another normal one that says ko
King and I'm there right now so obsessed
with ko King and that nickname
but the caption says atom putting up a
fist and smiling why am I writing a
third person like
why am I writing I thought I was that
cool to be writing a third person atom
putting up a fist and smiling atom has a
black jacket Adams wearing a bandana
Adam has blond hair Adam needs to shut
the heck up men are guys I'm not even
gonna like react to this picture or
caption you guys can look at it I'm
going I'm good you guys are on your own
in this one man you guys are on your
guys good luck
like why wait did you guys see it I feel
like I'm speechless my caption says
Naomi owns I just have a lot of friends
that were girls and I said let them own
my pictures I don't know why I'm sorry
man I'm sorry I don't know it says no
ceiling this is my freaky and horny
Oh dick Oh what that gave me some selves
avoid freaky what the heck was I doing
I'm sorry man I was I was so as you can
see this picture it's a normal picture
of me you know at the beach just hanging
out and the caption ruins it it says me
at Jones Beach comment and what'd you
think of my cake
when I say cake I'm at my butt , what
you think oh my oh my what why did I
write that why did I ruin a good picture
same comment of what you think of what
why did I have to say that and you know
what's insane I remember writing this
caption I remember this picture being
taken and I thought it was so so cool
but eight years later I think even I'm
like what a young Adam like if young
Adam was here right now I was seriously
choking up grab him and tell him do not
do that again but you probably end up
knocking me out because he was Kaioken
you know saying Carole King used to
knock everyone out and sometimes Carole
King got to come out you know someone
messes with the dumi gang some of the
messes with my family if someone messes
in the homes and Carole King comes out
you know I was a Kok sexy-ugly don't
comment what you think huh a dumi gang
hones you guys on the block hey do me a
owns mg why did I do this man why this
says ah not even flexing in my boobies
show what the heck I had no boobies I
was a little skinny freak oh oh my god
I'm still a skinny fall like oh my gosh
guys my hair cut in this one I was
trying so hard to be Cristiano Ronaldo I
do not know why I have that haircut man
I need to slap it off right there says
like the mohawk still sexy or not Alicia
owns Alicia's five you watch Alicia if
you're watching this I don't have a
spoke stuff like so long but Alicia if
you're watching this like why did you
tell me that it's picture Li so stupid
why I blame you Alicia Alicia I blame
you are guys anyone who's 18 years old
or younger you guys have to leave the
video right now or skip one minute later
okay so if you're 18 years old a younger
skip one minute later or just X out the
whole video I'm waiting I know you're
under 18 I know you're under remove X
out X you'll get in trouble
but guys I'm waiting for you guys all
right do it you ready okay
okay I'm pretty sure you guys probably
did not even X but this one right here
it's like uh this one right all right
I'm sure I go but caption man says hmm I
was turned on what the fre what the guys
I'm gonna go pray to that guys right now
I seriously don't know what to say this
isn't another picture I don't know
what's a brought me all you want here
here you go
this says um you tell me I'll roll
myself I'm wearing my older brother's
boxers and it looks like frickin diaper
I look like a freakin baby food model
like with that what the heck am i who
the heck that I think I was going with
Adam ooh young Adam who what young Adam
why don't you put me through this young
Adam was the reason if my whole past is
the reason what I go through today man
what I go through to add to explain
myself be like oh I used to do this
stupid thing you know I'm saying because
I was just have added dumped ass and I
pretty sure glad you guys had maybe
where everyone has a really dumb past
but also except you guys do you guys so
accept me
you guys still love me do this I don't
know how you guys would even still like
not even like myself looking at this do
you guys to like me if you actually do
still like me give this vlog a thumbs up
I don't know you know I was so like like
you guys in love you guys if you had a
weird past and if you had you know
pictures saying own I'm a future wife if
you don't want to be with me because it
is on I completely understand
I accept it because what the free what
would dip it dip one okay this is one of
my favorite ones because this is just a
normal picture of me like this but the
caption once again ruins ahead it says
thinking about who though I just trying
to get everyone thinking about what
another normal picture right there says
serious still cute question mark is why
the caption gotta ruin an amazing
picture like that that was the most
normal picture I like that picture
actually this is me after the boxing gym
it says Adam aka bad boys you guys do
not know I was actually a bad boy like I
was really really bad ice to knock
people out in front of my brothers in
front of my dad in front of my mother
and my mom used to go
insane it was just the people that were
around me I was surrounded by a lot of
negativity and I had to like move on
from that lifestyle because it was just
I was really really bad getting in
trouble so they god I stopped being bad
and knocking people out so I apologize
to anyone that I had a fight with
seriously I sincerely apologize because
I am NOT like that I'm a guy where I'm
that the reason why I am today is
because of you guys like I have zero
likes one like actually one like I want
from one like to having hundreds of
thousands of views and likes from you
guys and that's the reason why I'm
always I will always stay humble and
I'll always show you guys so much
attention I always you know treat you
guys with respect whenever I meet you
guys you know show so much love for you
guys that's the reason why I'm humble
because I went from I started from the
bottom man I started from the freakin
bottom like I would never imagine myself
right now
being known around the world thank you
guys so so much you guys like from known
for a positive positive guy man and this
thing right here I was such a negative
person and I was so negative and now I'm
like so positive so thank you guys so
much from the bottom are seriously and
to be honest from being negative to
positive is kind of an inspirational
story even though it was just like
really like awkward and cringy I have
done man I can't believe I seriously
cannot believe I'm making this video
right now I cannot believe I'm gonna
press upload on to the video I'm
cringing so bad right now like it's
giving me tuberculosis I'm out I do not
even know what to say and thank you do
me I letting me make this video but
tomorrow it's your day to get roasted
have fun today roasting me the comments
below have fun today
roasting me on Twitter I still love you
guys and I love how we are bond together
is funny I like I like I like our
relationship you know whenever I'm in a
serious situation you guys always have
my back and you guys always defend me
thank you guys so much and whenever one
a funny situation we always roars each
other so I love that situation I love
that relationship thank you guys so so
much I'm done with this video I am out
thumbs up do me again I'll see you guys
tomorrow I love you guys I like so baby
please be who you want
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you gonna be Oh
baby you can have anything you want from
me
