I'm about to flip this glass bottle onto
the chair let's see how it goes ready
set
I'm scared hey guys what's up idumaean I
hope you're having an amazing because
I'm having an amazing a so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day I'm sorry sir right
now we're at Germany
we're heading to a Berlin event and last
time we took Berlin taxi
was it so good and today we're about to
take a Berlin taxi once a day like a
German taxi I'm gonna tell you the story
man yeah last time where Germany would
take a taxi top music on my phone uh-huh
and then they kicked us out neither's
kicked something and another time they
just kicked off no reason we didn't know
how to speak German without the hair I'm
gonna see how it is and drop you off at
the police say she had a job the stuff
in the play in the meet agree so going
into taxi West
I didn't do this to you yes you did you
did in her sleep ever Berlin is
beautiful I think it's one of the most
beautiful cities in Germany the stuff is
good I'm sorry düsseldorf is good but
Berlin is like super cleaner like super
like super dope is how well I know hanim
Allah tell me of you guys agree with
this is wrong right what does he or does
him to wherever he goes whatever he sees
whatever the fuck this is beautiful man
I don't this is you could give him like
a plate with one potato and Evelyn this
is beautiful no the host potato know her
best potato roll I've ever every city's
with this this beautiful man no no I
swear to God I said Berlin is more
beautiful than düsseldorf city wise huh
till you go to düsseldorf next time so
next time using düsseldorf is me BLAP
yeah man that's enough is beautiful man
it is beautiful it is beautiful what
Berlin is just really really like it's
really neat I like it looks more like
neat and organized that stuff looks more
like I'm sorry I'm roasting you guzzled
oh you guys are amazing the stuff I love
you guys so much you guys are super
super amazing brother Ashley with ich
danke
thank you he's the vet we find it
they're nice we found now a lot now a
lot Berlin know about yeah why when I
went düsseldorf
taxi drivers are so rude yeah this guy
he said ich liebe dich to him it's a big
I said thank you yes last time where
does love we got kicked out so many
taxis Manley's maybe people are just
much nicer here nicely and it took us to
a police station in düsseldorf like we
had a meeting here we got mobbed and
like we have to
in the taxi and people were like banging
on the car and the taxi driver got so
mad he took us to the police station and
like threw us out I'm like what the heck
we just got to a place here in Berlin
Germany and it looks amazing so we're
staying next to the school and it has a
basketball court I'm trying to sneak in
and play some basketball because I got
five hours to hang around in Germany and
head to the show but I want a freaking
football before I go maybe I should
climb it and do some should I climb the
guys I got ended up not going over that
thingy to get to a basketball club I do
want to do this crazy challenge now see
listen I want to do this crazy challenge
I don't know it's like it's like so I'm
doing like this 24-hour thing are like
mailing themselves somewhere I want to
put myself in a luggage put myself in
luggage and take it to the airport and
let them take me in huh what even does
this now you know I can pull it off I
swear I can fit it it's like what do you
guys think I'll try it out it's a state
right put myself in and like take me in
this blog gets 50,000 thumbs up I'll do
it I'll try it at least what you think
uh huh you get a rest of that can't get
in trouble for just taking it you know
is cheaper to go through that it's like
to have a luggage go in and kind of like
$50 so like that but if light is like
$500,000 so maybe we can pull it off
so guys want me to do it give a thumbs
up $50,000 up and I will do it
I would always want to try the ever
since I was younger we can give you guys
an apartment tour only because we're
leaving tomorrow so here he goes we got
the little cute kitchen right here
microwave bottle of water I'm going to
try I want to try to flip bottle
challenging I never really bet it but
this is a glass bottle maybe I should
try out a glass bottle but a little
living room right here you have a little
simple bed to nuts right here in the
bathroom the best part is probably the
balcony coming out eh this is the best
part this balcony
right here guys I really hope you guys
can bear with me with the next few vlogs
with this camera is it okay that I'm
using this if not I'll go to like get
another camera here in Germany or in the
next city that I'm going to be i'ma try
to look for the one but I want it they
didn't have it in real on but let me
know if this is cool
is it cool be cool yes just for like two
three weeks once I'm back in New York
City
I'll get my official camera they gave me
the charger and a European charger is
like all mixed up I need the American
one because I live in America
Oh guys be honest once you guys get home
or get to a hotel
who does this because not thinks I'm
crazy for doing this who does this one
I'm a little guy get like ten place Emma
nice nice nice Jack coming huh I'll do
this so like that's not comfy bro it
doesn't need to be comfy it is it's
clean our friend from Osaka
in fact about something oh and I forgot
my box ah oh I forgot I don't cook what
happened I'm telling everyone okay do me
yeah I just woke up from a 3-hour nap I
was so so tired we were heading to the
Berlin event right now what's up guys is
the first
like rehearse that there is no sin on
you
I know how by the way I'm trying to
learn something else other than Ashley
do you say Howard why won't he get this
that's so long it's VG's biggest I said
yeah we get some
No
sorry this one right here newer that
this one
and the homie Naji that's that word
thank you guys so much you guys so sweet
have fun dad brother sure to my bro was
set up myself
Nadia and you said so sweet they came
over from Hamburg all the way to Berlin
how far that drive for us thank you guys
so much for coming
it'd be so much thank you guys so yes I
can't think that's not mature woman
I appreciate these women they wanted me
to fly out so don't be shy I was gonna
be confident like because he always
shines it's like I don't know like
sometimes she's got at work in public
he's giving me his yanking on my job
everyone in New York has a jacket easily
he's like each other in New York
I don't know like a fake oh my gosh I'm
just got done with the Berlin Germany
that you got is so amazing thank you
guys so so much your dedication
everything was so me that's good like
coming from far away so thank you so so
much me so much and sorry frozen line
you guys I was having fun atmosphere
some of you guys are goes to me illusion
I like that I got to do something right
now I played it I Twitter I had a play
to hear the vlog I know how to do love
yourself just a little bit so I'm gonna
see if I remember how to do it
I know you got another Newton I need to
get back to more guys are messing
oh wow so what'd you guys do not know is
that I am always hungry I am always
starving whenever like the meteor eats
and shows go on like must I can't eat
because if I eat before like I get like
I can't I need to finish it and then eat
so I'm so hungry right now
we're gonna go to this Indian restaurant
in Berlin Germany - maybe - I'm taking
us to the Indian spa
what does he say tell me
okay do me gang so I'm back to apartment
my hair is looking like a mess I've
always wanted to do the bottle flip
challenge but I have a glass bottle I
think I'm good in it so I'm going to try
to do it with the glass bottle Naz is
trying to sleep so might not be the best
idea but I'm gonna try my best see how
it goes let me just drink some of the
water first okay guys I think this is
enough I'm about to flip this glass
bottle onto the chair let's see how it
goes ready set I'm scared go so you
trying to sleep Erica one last time I
guess I'm not ending this vlog and so I
laid it once I don't care ready set I'm
just trying ready sir sir you said last
one it's not my fault you know what I'm
gonna do the chair flippin challenge I
need to flip something or also I'm gonna
flip none sad sad I swear his head
already set them above the head
sorry oh I had it sorry guys I'm done
with this I'm done with the vlog I'm
gonna have to see because tomorrow we
have a show in Copenhagen and then Oslo
Norway and there's Indonesia and I'm so
excited Malaysia Singapore Melbourne and
Sydney thank you guys so much for the
support I hope you guys enjoyed life if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up
Oh turkey thank you guys so so much my
love and support truly means the world I
appreciate every single one you guys so
thank you thank you thank you I'll see
you guys tomorrow my gang take care or
piss alley so baby please be who you
wanna be
I know your father will be proud of who
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want from me
