we had fun Reema laughing drop and you
okay tell them what happened
somebody stole her boots hey guys what's
up and Umi gang I hope y'all having a
debate today because if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day every time I say that
I'm probably not having an amazing day
because today I left my vlog camera on
my $3,000 vlog camera in Barcelona I am
in Italy Milan right now I left it at
the terminal I was at once I got inside
the plane and then it closed and the
plane started moving to take off I found
out that I left my camera that I got up
I started bugging I might go get back my
camera and the guy was like you cannot
go get it back because if we do go back
the company is gonna like sue you for
every single minute that that they waste
for the flight so I was like you know
what never mind let me just go back to
Italy and I'll get a camera in Italy so
I got this vlog camera in Italy in Milan
right now I'm in Milan with this vlog
Cameron I'm so so mad because I'd like
this freaking atom syndrome where I
always leave vlog cameras and I'm so so
sorry do meeting but it's all good it's
still going to be an amazing happy day
and the vlog camera that I got right now
is not as good as the one I had before
so please bear with me they didn't have
the good camera here in Milan look at
the slickers guys like how long this
selfie stick look look the one I had
before is a $3,000 camera and the
widescreen is really really good I
didn't need no selfie stick right now I
need a selfie stick to like make it like
this but I really hope you guys bear
with me until I get the same one that I
had before so thank you guys so so much
I did get done with the Italy Milan
meet-and-greet and I do not have any
footage because when I got the camera
have to charge it and everything like
that
but I do have some footage when I was in
the city in Milan with Nas iPhone so I'm
going to show you guys some of the
footage right now all right guys I'm
using nas iPhone 7 to vlog for you guys
I want to show you guys a little bit of
Italy so this is like the May
in road of early what love about is like
it's like the olden days like this this
is freaking amazing like the middle but
the only thing is like really really
dead well I'm from New York City so I
should be like everything is that
compared to New York City but it's
freaking beautiful let me go interview
some people
no one knows like any English here but
let's see what's up how you guys doing
what's up are you guys from Italy are
you got some Italy we got from Ken yeah
I got from Milan Italy on Isaac how do
you how do you say Emma you're beautiful
huh you don't say beautiful in Italian
in Italian yeah hey boys huh say
bellissima say belly see what my
bellissima say bellissima yalla pica
develop finger noise as I get I'm from
New York I don't know why guys doing the
life even looks good neither one Viva la
Viva Viva la viga you sure it's not a
bad word yeah it's got about yo this is
a bad word it's good if you tell people
gonna tell me Thank You hey hide no
brother
excuse me only interview I want to talk
to you guys about New York where you
guys from cha-cha-cha can you guys tell
me what do you guys think about Donald
Trump Donald Trump yeah do you like him
yes or no no no yeah um do your clown
you like chunky then he's gonna be hella
cool guys these translations in italiano
everything always ends oh so when I
don't know what to say I just end with
oh like the guy inside the taxi I was
like me give us a musica or m√∫sica I
don't know I said he was like in uh
Milan I speaks perfect Italian I sleep
every time because Google Translate taxi
driver was natural in the press I hope
you guys enjoy the footage I just want
to show you guys a little bit of Italy a
little bit of wherever city that I go so
I want to show you guys just a little
bit so hope you guys enjoyed it right
now I'm going to show you guys
rimas vlog so if you guys do not know a
lot of you guys said yes my older
brother
ade got a vlog camera which is better
than what I have right now and the
Emperor the one I had before and he got
to vlog him Rima and Mawson so it is
about
show up so here it goes by the way they
did really really good like I didn't
expect them to to my brother to do that
good I thought he's just going to like
whatever vlog but he did it really good
he edited it really good and I'm really
really surprised so Abe thank you so
much for like saving my freakin life for
a vlog today and like vlogging really
good like you know I guess vlogging
talent runs in the Adams family thank
you so much and Rima and Mawson thank
you guys for a mom for being cool and
Maisie here is the luck hey guys what's
up them again if I'm having missing big
you guys should have a picnic I'm here
with Baba hey what's up sup guys you've
liked it today Tina by yourself where's
Adam
yeah yeah he's in the you okay
so tell us what are we gonna do today
yeah ah yep I'm off I'm not working
today
but what are you gonna do today you
didn't take me to very big we're gonna
have fun
yeah with my mom and my baby okay so
where's motion he's sleeping we will see
you in the neck
yeah hey what's up guys look who's up
Boston say hi so hi Marcin didn't want
to say hi can you say hi do you mom hi
sorry about that mess and he woke up in
it bad bad more game I was Russian
I have a motion do you want to go play
Matson gonna go eat I'll go play first
let's go eat okay we'll go at you first
what do you wanna do okay hi just right
here getting for the kids Watson went to
toys on my hand come on Marcin finally
found what you want wesson what do you
want my son
he's making me run what do you want to
go let's see what's gonna go
the dog ate our this this way he was
running
yeah we made it come on you didn't need
help you got it big boy oh you're not
gonna pull down this is nice let's go
mouthing go you could do it come on
don't cry you see this Kareem I do it go
ahead Rima Wow
Rima Wow good boy good boy good boy
I saw brothers and sisters do
how was it you want to go you a lesson
they got me tired I got a baby sick I
got here with them get a fun you had fun
Rima yeah drop and you okay tell them
what happened
somebody stole her boots from Danny bees
you got to take off the boots you got to
run around it just sucks
did you find them so now you're gonna
buy us a move you look at Remos new
shoes you like the Rema look Santa Claus
where's the Karima you found the want to
go home you want to go home it's okay
we're going home now okay okay I do me
game now we're done for the day we had
fun you had a fun Reema
this one I like a Barbie when she always
laughs she always like trying to be like
a comedian II was trying to be funny
okay now we have to tell them by my oh
do me gang yes you need a hand
peace come on oh you're told I'll be
writing now his eyes when he chats and
other catalogs yes I'll leave hard blogs
on each other
he gave me his jacket yeah this one he
had before me he said but yeah I buy it
before him we buy again he said he
bought it for anyway yeah thank you so
much yummy malagos my white bandana this
jacket that he had appreciated so so
much open like this this is my type of
jacket really mean nature and a little
yeah whoo nice hat appreciative element
I thank you so much for you thank you so
much anyways I hope you guys enjoyed
that vlog if you guys do what more of my
brother flying Rio I said make sure you
get a thumbs up and go Turkey and give
it a thumbs up for my brother a because
he did amazing I don't want every single
you guys to leave a positive comment
leave an amazing comment from her the
ape down below because this is his first
time ever in life vlogging and he did
amazing so I want you he's gonna be me
in the comments I want you guys to write
a little comment down below and just
write my positive account that he's
going to read to just keep him motivated
to keep vlogging like that while I'm
away from tours so thank you guys so so
much to do me gang thank you for
everything I'm gonna see you guys
tomorrow in Germany then after dies
Denmark Copenhagen and it goes on and on
something something something there all
right thank you guys so much the way
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace hello like so baby please be who
you wanna be
I know you
we'll be part of her you're gonna be so
don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna be Oh baby you can have anything
