hey guys what's up forgive me I hope
you're having an amazing because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should have an
amazing happy day I'm actually having a
really really tiring day we just missed
our flight to go to Barcelona because
someone here because he should have
known that flight was all the way from
Gatwick and not Heathrow Gatwick is
another airport in London which is
really really far away we missed our
flight now we have a different flight
our event Barcelona is at 4:30 we land
at 3 so we have to run to the hotel
freshen up and go straight we have no
time to sleep no time for nothing so
it's gonna get crazy tiring start of the
tour everything's gonna be good humming
LA and we're getting breakfast right now
at the spot I don't know the oranges
it's wake me up got my breakfast right
here thank you cheese thank you so much
so I got me an English muffin and I
didn't expect it to look like this this
just looks like a piece of bread
I thought the muffin would look like a
little cute muffin man I wanted to have
a full British breakfast here so we just
got done with breakfast the lady told me
that the pancakes were the number one in
the UK but they tasted so disgusting I
only ate like one bite so I had a
horrible breakfast only the English
muffin was good we have a two hour
flight to Barcelona so I'll see you guys
in the airplane look how big this
escalator is this thing is huge
I'm gonna sit down
taking that because I got no sleep
little
Barcelona becoming
just got to the play we have two hours
of sleep this is only super getting and
I'm knocking on his shoulder
dumi gang we just got to Barcelona Spain
and the city is so so beautiful it's
around 3:30 right now with 20 minutes
away so we have no rest only rest we had
was at the airport the customs took so
so long when I went in there like an
idiot like the lady spoke to me in
Spanish allows us to saw him to tell you
ready
the lady supposed to be Spanish right
and she's asking me do you know Spanish
and then I had I'm trying to show off
and I was like oke todo mundo mucho and
that means a little bit not much so that
she replied with like this whole like
Spanish like like a bastard around a
yellow and Ella Barcelona I'm like what
the heck did she just say and I was like
I don't know much like you just said
some next like I only know a little bit
then she then she started speaking more
Spanish I'm like aw man I should have
never freaking showed off and I told her
I was like you know what I don't know a
little bit I know literally nothing then
it turned to a hole like she thought I
was lying and stuff like that I was like
no I'm just visiting from America only
no English and Arabic and that's all I
know but it's all good
almond Barcelona the city looks so
beautiful already see you guys in a few
yeah mucho they amo mucho
Tiamo yeah no they have noise I love you
yeah their emotion you don't you don't
love me No
hi guys we just got to the hotel Mina's
got no sleep at all
tour life is north sleep us the only C
we get is in the plane in a car in a
taxi that's it I saw these beds are made
for not knowing we don't see but these
beds we just have our luggages and
shirts and everything so I'm about to go
down imma show you guys the view we have
Barcelona is so so beautiful so I cannot
wait to meet you guys and I'm planning
on to do something like a huge huge
prank and you guys so stay tuned look at
this beautiful beautiful view Wow
the Barcelona meet-and-greet is about to
start it's gonna be indoors over here
and people waiting outside and they're
gonna bring you guys in group by group
I'm so sorry
they're like the security's really
really strict this whole like ever since
what happened Amazon the security is
really really strict I cannot even show
like views of where I'm at but the only
reason I'll show the view of where I was
at because I'm leaving literally like a
couple hours to Italy but the good thing
is I am gonna get to meet you guys the
security are just worried about safety
not about me not taking pictures with
you guys
they are gonna let me meet you guys hang
out with you guys vlog with you guys and
have a fun time because I did speak with
them and I did tell them that I want to
talk with you guys and showed you as and
have a chill time in like a good place
you know where like it can be chill and
not something like while they're crazy
like causing riots I wanna have fun with
you guys and I want to meet right and
dokdo Me's and have fun at you guys
thank you guys so much and I cannot wait
see you guys hi guys the first person
that I met from Barcelona is the homey
ICU estimate that and that's the breach
side the first thing I would ask is cuz
we're gonna show I want to coach you
guys okay
do you speak Spanish oh yeah go away no
I say something dispel it so cool Wow
hello those I thought was missing
that's crazy but it is nice and your
name is yes it was wait was she
nationally I'm arrow going right Wow a
Broncos and Spain like closer
that's sick yeah te amo mucho yeah Wow
I'm double sup man come on sauce we're
gonna do I do
he speaking Spanish in his Arab oh this
is crazy this is insane hi guys I got
the homie yeah see right here and I'm do
and I'm dry
so this together and I'm trying to pull
a prank I wanna pull like personal
pranks on on you guys so I wanna have
fun at you guys this prank week on you
guys so yes he's gonna come and he's in
on it he's gonna come like touch my face
and like mess with me i'ma say stop stop
and he's gonna keep my super music but
like yeah I'm a macho deal with a beer
but then he's gonna put his hand so them
how you put your head ups and i'ma go
got basically I'll pretend to punch him
like what Justin Bieber did a press
alone so he's gonna have in here and
we're gonna prank the next people so are
you good when I punch him you go like
what do you say what you don't do I say
yo then he knows is gonna come then
they're gonna same is gonna come like
stars huh and then we wait maybe 1 2
minutes were no dos minutos uno dos and
then we tell them it's a prank yeah
booty go like this let them be behind
you don't see how they can help decide
yeah what's up this dude
it's all I need to be like I told her
realize yes taller in real slow
you think I'm tall so it was like oh
I'm sorry to interrupt you but at least
you guys can leave now
do you think I am as I go
autism
this isn't office woman I don't leave it
I didn't leave it leave it leave it
leave it
it's cool it's cool happened together
like it touched his face and soon gonna
like tell you something it wasn't
I know I'm sorry she's like this writer
I'm so
sooo good just want to say yes he comes
Sakina Sakina
oh my Miriam and got it enemy favorite
one thank you guys so much
hi guys I was getting in trouble by
everyone for doing like this whole like
this whole scenario we punching the fan
but it was so so funny but do me a
I got a lot of you guys and you guys
always always tell me that you guys
unprintable I finally got you guys cuz
you know I'm the prank master here I
gotcha and this is just the beginning
this is just the freaking beginning is
just the beginning you're dooming I'm
coming on tour nice to just have fun but
to pray the Freak I don't know what I'm
saying right now but like the pranks are
gonna be so good that is going to be
unexpected but some of you guys actually
caught me pranking you so I give you as
prop it up but thank you guys so much
Brussels no no you guys were amazing and
seeing you guys like I love your like
culture like Spanish and like some you
guys were Arab in Spanish it's really
really dope and I learned a lot I
learned that dakedo is the real way to
say I love you at the almos little
latina way the Spanish way is take yet
or something carat mucho thank you guys
so much I just took so many pictures so
many videos which you guys thank you so
so much for everything I'll see you guys
I might go out to the city for a bit but
then head to Italy so I'll see you guys
in the next shop
what's up you guys they should know you
by now man like that yeah so she's the
one thank you so much to Mandy for
organizing this whole Europe tour and
now around the city and she's gonna show
us her on the Scooby Gang you guys are
crazy you see they all love you so thank
you so much oh we're lucky walking
around the city que paso que pasa pasa
the quiero mucho yeah
the Minuteman you lovin him Oslo Norway
all right slow slow slow slow I'm sorry
I don't like I deal with it also I love
awesome but I'm sorry your weather it's
bad like really bad update say what's up
oh I dog chillin what's up in Bali
Lombok sick here right yeah was here for
a seminar it's my first time my first
option newbies me here window visit for
my guys we're at this restaurant and
we're about to get this thing called
paella paella and I was like just famous
food in Barcelona so I cannot wait to
eat I'm really hungry right now no I got
it
Fiamma bye and bless you bye yeah bye
I'm sorry I may be small that way I'll
uh try this lemon on it yeah mmm
squeeze the lemon drink so good this is
amazing
how's the nice oh my god it's amazing
right alright guys we just got back from
eating I just want to give a huge shout
out to everyone who came to today you
guys were so amazing and I you guys are
really nice everyone in Barcelona you
guys are really released we even the
random people outside you got so so
sweet
someone gave me this cute shirt this
adidas shirt right here thank you so so
much and tomorrow is Italy so make sure
you guys get your tickets Berlin Germany
and then Denmark Copenhagen Oslo
Indonesia Indonesian surfy show
Singapore Malaysia Melbourne and Sydney
I cannot wait for it is going to be an
amazing amazing time today was an
amazing start of the tour not so tired
because after his boxing fight now is
now his injuries are kicking and that
was little the punches he had or like
getting to him so he wants to knock out
and sleep but I hope you guys enjoyed if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go turkey thank you guys so so
much
oh and I forgot to tell you
guys I want to tell you guys before I do
this so so Rima has a vlog camera she
has a vlog camera Rima a better vlog
camera than mine actually so with the
help of my brother Abe which is her dad
he is going to help her like lag for a
bit because I know you guys always miss
her throughout the tour so it's up to
you guys do you guys want me to show
Rima with Muhsin and my dad vlogging
them I mean I'm a dad hair their dad
vlogging them on the vlogs a little bit
everyday yes or no so you guys put that
in the comments well I mean I know you
guys gonna say yes but it's up to you
guys do you guys want that I don't know
I want to confirm what you guys first
write the comments yes or no I know it's
probably gonna be yes you guys are
partying right yes yes yes Adam are you
dumb
yes but I still got to ask you guys and
see me because maybe you guys are like I
don't know I don't know sup to you guys
you know I'll see you ask tomorrow and
if you guys do want it then it is gonna
be in so yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care or pitch I like so baby please
be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of you
so don't let any
I tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want
and
