hey guys what's up for Duma yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day today is the big
day it's gonna be an amazing crazy crazy
day filled with fights and filled with
crazy entrances and it's gonna be a hype
hype there so I cannot wait to bring you
guys with me we got a night here we got
a little cute Shelley me seizure
it says nas and in the back LEM Cena
back it says team daddy who do you think
is gonna win like that you sure you sure
what would you do if he loses but he
could have a trophy he can have a trophy
okay we came all the way from New York
City to support him and we're gonna have
a crazy entrance I have to memorize like
a whole rap so I'm trying to like
memorize it how's the other girls like
you I'm a white matter of fact so you
guys go really and see anyways yeah
waits you guys seen Andrews guy I don't
want to sort of hurt I can assure you I
don't laughing a whole day in the
bathroom I was taking a shower I was
rehearsing I'm done you wanted down as
easy they don't know what he's about
he's coming from saying overs to knock
your board out he's giving fun fun day
I'm bringing up swimming I'll see you
guys in the next shot all right guys we
got like half my squad here
nyeh michael say what up no but though
we might go we got everybody say what up
next year when i come i'm have some guns
like you guys so we can fit it together
it owns it but the squad is going to be
Mikey Mikey he shout out to homie Mikey
man what's up Mikey was just got here
about to go inside you guys ready just
met the one and only chef chef Roger
eyes I see La Russa chef present the one
and only right here the six think of it
okay from all Lassa you know you he's
not as fun two of these my fair
I'm not what you people would he's
family of course that's families about
failure so let him know your predictions
on today the fight obviously
now's for the win that's right I think I
think I think you could take him down to
the third round think so but for
entertainment purposes he's gonna I like
that that's good prediction I think
through a third-round knockout Mantaro I
got these Arnaz's outfits it looks so
nice he's getting ready right now
so Michael herb and Abby I got a very
nice how you feeling good man huh you're
ready nervous enough little bit but no
be nervous you get confidence wait a
minute confidence baby yes yes that's a
move on
hi guys Whitey's about to start I
practiced the whole rap that I did is
not that long but it's like a little
tongue twister should be nice crazy
entrance and we're ready to do it and I
promise he's not doing here he's ready
gonna fight you know 30 knots okay that
finding out my face huh get up hang out
my face what's up guys I want him right
now if you guys do not know who he is
she is how would it be here it wasn't
fair she helps up so so much thank you
so much for literally everything I can't
thank her enough I wouldn't be here
literally
I wanna know your predictions and what's
gonna happen when a sir
from what I see yeah yeah I think nas is
good nice good well-rounded things gonna
take and this is gonna go all the route
I don't know same for two E's I'm hoping
for
Oh actually I think this is okay like
what from what I've seen
okay I think you sure
is impregnable
and I'm just emotion I want your heart I
want to either children praise be to
Allah
yeah
yeah
you know
Oh
or stuff up slap it in the apartment
yeah
Oh
once a license and each and every sip
please take your seats
what
I'm cool
ah
whoa
haha
ah
coaches bar go huh
bullshit
yes is really big so it's it's so far
he's running around locking down
Oh
relax
Oh
No
let's go down let's go
Oh
so not
Eddie's done digging talk cinema least
you go let me show you go inside go
freeze buddy nothing about the right
Hitler great glad you know take it off
one point deduction from grass
Oh
Oh
Oh
yeah
okay your makeup yeah
Oh
Oh
keep going
let's go done let's go
close each other
ah
Oh
none TK of it hell is fun but he chatted
at home he and his whole team they did
great you guys are amazing much love to
everyone you guys to everyone who came
out through thank you guys so much for
everything I'm so sad I couldn't take
pictures everyone literally it wasn't my
fault like I wanted to take pictures but
everyone tells me not to take pictures
because there was kids out there and
they don't want no one falling a nothing
like that so I promise during the UK
tour of the UK I'm gonna take pictures
with every single one you guys want me
to greet so it should be fun I want to
do right now so bad I'll promise your
eyes I'm so so sorry
everyone is telling me not to when they
hate me when I do so I just saved away
the stress and I was a I'll just come
back I love you thank you guys so much
thank you I love you guys was a
boyfriend was open is doing Italy we
have hey down here say what's up what
you want to say to the vlog and you can
find the god shoes she was she one of
the judges I thought she was going to
guys do you think one
she wrote on her card he was up and ever
liked that shadow dog wires it was good
Paris came through show some love was
good good it is it we had the fight
waiting one fight say brothers they got
Mac serious I know in the first two
rounds I was worried I was so worried
for not right now it's held it down from
Bay what's your name / saying one bit of
life
congratulations not that's that's not
your I know it was good I love you do it
no wedge normal suitcase alright guys we
are back home and I'm where the dbj I
have not chosen the person I promised I
will choose it this week and the hommina
is easy the winner is here what a crazy
crazy day what a crazy victory nuts I'm
proud of you go well of our button what
is proud you bro
thank you everyone to fill out every
single one of you that came out and show
so much love man but when I'm mad about
everything like I messed up big time
let me tell let me speak about it yeah
how long have I been rehearsing the rap
Oh long time like your own maybe 24
hours straight rehearsing I wrote down
the lyrics I wrote that I was even gonna
surprise you guys with a liar liar verse
and I went in and the mic was not
working I was like what the Freak maybe
it was at the save it for another time
but the mic was not working it messed up
big time but was I was like I was
literally so much that's one of my
biggest pet peeves when I'm on a show
and the mic does not work man that was
insane but it's all good it was an
amazing time huge shout out to tgb he
chatted to the home guys and his team
everything here ended up with charity
nots donated for each person that bought
that bought a ticket he donated himself
a pound so how many people came he
donated pounds and you guys who paid to
come to the show you guys donated for
charity so thank you guys so much for
the bottom of my heart thank you thank
you thank you thank you guys so much
Barcelona the tour starts tomorrow
in a world star starts tomorrow being oz
are gonna be hectic like it's going to
be crazy insane the vlogs the crazy
vlogs the crazy tour vlogs start
tomorrow
it's that's it is going to start
tomorrow so be ready Barcelona's first
and after that we're gonna go on from
there make sure you guys get your
tickets the first link down below get
your tickets don't miss out some is
going back to New York but he's coming
back from
nigga Indonesia is gonna be a free show
free show
Indonesia's only showed us free so make
sure has come through Malaysia Singapore
Sydney Melbourne all the time is gonna
be crazy
we also give you guys Singapore details
the Singapore details is gonna be I
think a public show - it is a public
free missing that's another for another
three meeting greet in Singapore so it's
gonna be I do not know where but it's
gonna be we're gonna let you guys know
send them all in Singapore I'm not happy
I have it I just haven't announced it
yet mama announced that tomorrow chakku
when I was on Twitter tomorrow but yeah
thank you guys so much for 11 support I
love you guys so so much thank you for
sticking around every single day the
crazy vlog starts tomorrow I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace let's
just say a couple surprises for you guys
do me a love so baby please be who you
wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you're gonna be Oh
baby you can have anything
for me
