hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
y'all have amazed a because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy positive amazing super
duper ooper Lookadoo bird uber scooter
ok guys so today me and some decided to
do make it a little slat um day so he
did a video on his channel called psycho
fan stories which is insane like really
well so funny so the guys want to check
it out the link is down below it's
really insane story so watch your viewer
is described how do you say your viewer
is described here's the exemption the
device I filled in this guy's felt like
three times are you good and sometimes
guys I've sometimes I want to leave that
line is like yeah yeah
this life on the barbershop lines like
someone like cut your brain and like
dicks on your brain out like throw it
out there put water like put a vector
come on Slim's that see bro
ah again it's disgusting
normal bro damn that's nasty hold on I
see you just burped it's just a sound no
exaggerate - it's only medium either
bring watch to make a second it's nasty
it's a nasty and roll medium let's see
the media could very much anybody bro
hey guys you're watching Fox 5 News
burping is not cool people it that guy
from Fox News who wasn't it
and he has great hair though oh you
complain of the Apes
it was like a season but also see ji ma
we're gonna watch my old Instagram
videos these are the days man no no I
have summer the days when we shall meet
up just to make Instagram videos we go
hard we go oh now we go hard on YouTube
and I will we've always been youtubers
ready to it we did this on the side to
be you know to have fun with you guys
this has been like couple years ago so
we're gonna watch some of my old at uh
SBR videos the son is gonna watch and I
wanted it so you know roll back the
right go back there's a dough back day
tonight
no go back to you know you always say
you know
boy you want this one no I'm going out
you did good girl huh the funny thing is
my mom like my sister use like waiting
aside when I'm filling these videos and
it was so ugly
well cuz she's always there like staring
at me like when are you gonna finish my
dad would come my dad would come and hit
think I'm doing like my mom he would
know cuz you see the back of me here and
he's like oh I got a turnaround
oh he's like a beer don't look so
I go through a lot filming these videos
but the only thing that's weird is that
Anna plays a better girl than just boys
yeah one thing I love is Rima I love
remotes he's such a good actor he's a
gonna be so good she's to pick me up and
make me do these videos like Adam let's
do a video today it's gonna be funny
gonna be fun yeah yeah or even react
it's really gonna ream on watching Remo
I should really watch I'll make you
watch the videos I have you remember
that you're reeling ya know what no I
figured out it do it oh that doesn't
throw open I was it tweeted to me ma I
got a surprise I saw these cheesy
villain Oh Christian
in real life you can subjective mean
does that
ever miss my man 1 I'm visit so much
Jamaat wanted to give you a little Deena
did not want me to touch her she cannot
will be doing she's playing Donna the
only reason why she's crying cuz she see
me did it due to Japan and she's she
thinks is real she was younger she
thinks is real she's Amy she's always
crying so she cried she seen me like
Raja Matt but you might want to me like
just take you with me to up do you know
what to fix them all yes I do give me
one second you know iPhone yes I know
how to do it through yeah hey who helped
me do that Alberto sign Photoshop lab oh
oh
kill kill and gold chain on slim help me
actually do that video I did know how to
use Photoshop so I do not have no clue I
called Slim's demo but not like self
could help me I don't know why I can
call I was like I think he's my last
option
oh my poor father because I'm smart even
now remember that's gotta mean I
put your number instead of my mom's
number bro remember if I want skydiving
with you so what if like we both fall
still you're my first option though I
believe what my mom matter because
sometimes I think like other I'm not
sure which one are you are you dumb
stupid or an idiot which one Monday's
done two days doesn't it it wait I still
help you with that so thank you so much
every time I do like an Instagram video
it happened to me the day before so I'm
like go this happened to let me do it
right away like tomorrow before so
that's how I should do my Instagram
videos whatever anything happens the
next day long see when I did this video
the day before happening was
oh my god this is the point of sweat hut
like Savannah stolen they were already
suspicious well I felt really suspicious
because my face was like down on my come
prank
so they come pray they just kept looking
like what the hell likewise like then I
go down I'll persuade this up freakin
hell
okay what does it say I don't understand
it oh you got this cool your whole life
in school to fix TVs or fix your forever
get love don't ever get a lotta stars
see that's me that's what I did as you
can that's me remove the sweetest hey oh
why is it Muslim like that man today
very good the rhemas funny man oh my god
bro
yes my heart is fasting today the
funniest thing about this story it was
it was really dumb Ilan and I had to
bring the drinks and everything to like
to make the video so when I did bring it
to like the room mama actually thought I
was eating it so in all drinking
interact she's like he's might make an
excuse to do a video to like eat that so
my mom no it's really video you're gonna
see it tomorrow so this is what some
people do before I'm alive I got 90 not
practice with my words going in during
online I got 99 problems and it shot
love hmm
they will all be sold I'm good our mom's
be on the phone like my son is the best
son in the world
it's so true he goes to college go sit
down I gotcha imagine this all up here
on the head
regular weddings versus our wings I was
like half asleep do it I like a moment
well I know who else does as much
shopping you turn it gave you the our
mothers or confused me today to tell me
to say to tell me 92 I like that doesn't
sometimes you can just have this
sometimes you can trust our dads come on
it but that don't seem love come on I
had alarms to take the slack out have
that you to oldest one high like a she's
a girl how's that taking a slap for the
video he's like okay okay I'm like yeah
house I'll just gets excited whatever
he's in a video he'll get slapped he'll
get body saying as long as he's in a
video he's good
sometimes it anyways um I'm done with
the video if you guys want to part to
let me know you dislike a thumbs up and
go yeah that was a novel Goblin there's
a lot more videos that I've done I
could've a lot missing them soon my hat
will like the clothes when women please
tweet me any videos you have it yeah
send me the files and I'll do a part two
because no belly dancing leaves are like
oh yeah belly dancer ones dancing or
Reba's literally the the rapping ones is
so many of them so please please tweet
them to me my Twitter and some scooters
right here go check out his video
because I feel like his video was much
more cooler funnier so guys what is it
but um I'll see you guys tomorrow
today's the big day with the boxer fight
so tomorrow you guys will see the boxing
fight and a whole girl
oh nice black tomorrow I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and please I love you
I do be done I love you
you
