hey guys what's up and do me hang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
a super-duper amazing okay I am in
London right now I just got here had an
amazing amazing flight he chatted to
Virgin Atlantic they got me sleeping
like a baby
I just met up with knobs and slid
feeling haven't seen you got how long
does a few I seen him three days ago
rustling fast so honestly for me it
feels like a long long time so you got a
nose hair own hairpiece Oh Harry some I
have to do my hair I'm trying to fix my
hair so like during like ugh tour I want
to have my hair I don't wanna keep
wearing hats because keep people keep
telling me Adam if you dive in here
whole year oh I know but this is the
time I'm gonna go picks up my hair I'll
show you guys around the apartment so we
got this apartment it's like a lobe it's
a little cute London apartment over here
it's a kitchen right there it's going to
the room
this is Slim's messy band right here
this is nas's place right here was your
your boxing stuff follow me see a museum
open it go right to Sunday huh they go
wait till Sunday
for what they can have a sneak preview
that's gonna be sure I don't know what I
so he guys fighting gear I wanted to
show you guys but I'll explain us so you
guys have an imagination its its fire
it's like it's literally fire ladies
literally fire he's an idiot because he
spent like a thousand pounds I'm freakin
fight gear that he's just gonna use once
in a lifetime but the song is gonna be a
fun time Sunday Sunday 4:00 p.m. don't
miss out be from UK you have to come
burn me slim everybody's gonna be there
we're gonna head outside we'll see how
it goes and let's let's get today rockin
puck right now this is a little surprise
for you guys I'm going to the place
where I am finally selling my merch my
shirt
it will only be sold in the tours these
shirts will only be sold in the tours
and in the shows few guys personally
because I feel like anyone who comes to
the shows you guys deserve something
that I don't know that you guys can get
something that no one would have and
it's four types of shirts one that says
if I'm having I'll show you guys it if
you write about I'm not sure you guys
right now now I'm going to show you guys
I'm pulling hey I'm having me here
you all should be having an amazing day
hey to the homies right here
that is smooth just like you it's new
that's all right there open it let's
read it knows that I'm tall I'm Tori
okay so those were two of the shirts
imma show you guys the other two
interview so it should be a nice nice
side so he was also selling his shirts I
don't know what are you gonna have in
your one design yeah colors no what is
he on it this is it's a brand new day
and desires I say what did say I'm like
a picture of a giraffe he's gonna sell
his off it's a brand new day say what
shirts I'm talking about his ones a
really really good good quality to not
Rhodope mom and I have a lot of
different designs and here's one well
let's give me fun it's something for you
guys for the tourists for you guys baby
I'm excited it's gonna be late but you
guys know it's also this is like a
slight um tour I know they're from
Indonesia and forward and forward
Malaysia Singapore and Rimmel born and
sin and the UK tour so you get to a
pretty much atom toys yeah I'll share
the middle even us how much does it say
in the car huh where you're gonna shit
you're gonna sit on that just just until
we get to sit open so something like 10
minutes house you better drive fast
well I'm joking wait wait we have a lot
more shirts two more designs I got to
show you guys so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having
raised a the face one I'm not saying
another face one and then do me gang
which is the do me any one is my
favorite one so alright guys we're going
for
Starbucks break because I have no energy
right now and I need to get a coffee
and after that me show you guys the
shirts hey can you stop kids service
that's it anyway what are you talking
about
I was all about I guess I'm into the box
and Palace the new Palmer past am i
right nice I shall not stop and take a
picture he said he couldn't stop because
if you stop for two seconds like two
minutes the cops will come like push you
up I got me a egg and cheese cookie in a
coffin just let me show you guys other
shirts started designing this is little
old school Adam right there right here
huh closing it up you don't see the
edema ganga yeah this is this is my
favorite one my favorite for everyone is
all hidden warehouse yeah nowhere else
no this one right yeah I don't I don't
know I didn't laugh everyone I don't
know what it is simple we like to be
gang gang gang hey once again
nas got a ticket nothing new okay right
now we're heading to Jamaa to go pajama
and we are in this car mercedes-benz is
it bends mercedes-benz no mercedes-benz
s-class which is one of the best for
Mercedes so he trotted to Mercedes for
giving us the car for Nadia's flight and
Mercedes are gonna give us cars for the
tour so Mercedes you guys at home look
at this the pillow here there's lights
over here that some side looks like a
spaceship there's so much space and like
the navigation is huge everything what
does it do has these little things where
you can move the seat in the back like
oh you can the seats warm up so if I got
a cold by now it's a warm but all right
guys we go to the Masjid in Saint Albans
is called the jami masjid and bangladesh
islamic sensors villa
ha
okay so right now it's got a car wash
the amount of car washes that knots gets
it's crazy
shall I send people to Kosh over here
what's up man thank you guys you guys
always do an amazing amazing job I
appreciate you guys I got so if you guys
do not know November 27th the entrance
we slim nod Ania leo
so many people are gonna be out and
let's just say there's gonna be a little
a little little line in there like hey
hey hi guys so Naz his car it's so bait
as you guys say in London because the
license plate some people are following
us in the car but we're gonna go say
what's up to the homies because I'm I
feel bad for them following us for so
long so let's go out and say hi
something eyes so was Mohammed not as
paranoid he's like oh my god who's
following us I was like it's the homie
I'm ready yeah what's up I'm like you
again that's video guys that's all good
we're gonna see anything that every time
you left anything put on a set up my man
Muslim you inaudible kourounis yeah he
son away from me sir have you mr. Ahmed
I appreciate her passing away 1 pound
yeah 10 pound yeah 25 pound yeah my pen
yeah your pen ever hand oh man what is
this shit
what is that I have a little bag for
stuff like that man what is this this is
money this is real no just a dollar what
yeah great this is 1 pound
you're mad embarrassing me how I'm
barcelone cuz let your money is
embarrassing we get 5 pounds there they
return back coins those coins are worth
like money man
coins are like you lose coins Oh Queen
Elizabeth fix your money up girl I got
more awesome we'll have a crush on you I
have a surprise for you ok low the music
blue
you ready set go associate so he was
gonna say is each other team first-timer
once London I was right there hanging
over this gate it was a silly that's to
get you shaggy yeah that's that high
part the London traffic I hate London
traffic it is so annoying I hate it more
than New York city traffic I need to
breathe some air
so I put my head out now I'm just
breathe like this cuz then I I've been
in this car for like two hours and it's
been hectic I'm walking school is
traffic man
scooters car scooter traffic I'm walking
through every we're gonna go and I'm
obliged did you guys look at this
Buddhist cars man
screw the traffic I'm going much faster
than the cars much faster than in these
cars let me keep walking matter of fact
I missed like jogging matter of fact I'm
a half and his guy on I'm hoppin it's
motorcycle excuse me hop on what you
alright
can I go can I go with you helmet no but
my head is hard alright
traffic is annoying me I'm from Wales
and the Middle East Qatar oh I got from
the Middle East yeah Qatar no way I must
be garvik yes I'm only compiling some so
you got this yeah a little bit spit
something spit see you here from Doha
yeah no way you know the guy Roberto
come close no moved all that five you
anything you're not gonna throw you away
boy well you know she Devon guys we
finally made it to eat grass somewhere
in that road Justine we've been in the
car for so so long nice here Devon I
remember to be so quiet before now she's
like so pretty a little bit because you
love me
son are you gonna get a baby soon yeah
I have to have the kid syndrome so and I
told me who do you like played you in a
married
Oh let me come looking for my cellular
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh
once i was gonna have to speak to the
house so you got to tell us and put in a
word I'll chase motion back to New York
City so do right your mom's panty hose
I got a do-rag and a ski mask because I
heard it's really really cold here in
London what do you thing about this
retired honest I love good looks son
loves it when you kitchenette whenever
she swim we're never going to say pitch
is nipple old all up cut some loops
listen to the other whenever you see him
pitching up whoo that's it so my uncle
John
he loves it so much Oh Justin Bieber
left yeah yeah hey what's up fire we're
home okay
I have no no Shave November by the way
feeling no way is it good enough damn
bro no no it's getting longer I was in a
too long yeah let me know the comments
below try to shave it or should I keep
it I'll shave it please shave or she
pleasement not trying to go to my older
brother legs December is passing up I
mean November is still November 20
something but yeah anyways you Shay rule
so there's this thing called the try not
to laugh challenge and try not to cry
challenge and I wanted to do the try not
to cry challenge with slim but I wanted
to do it differently okay
we're not gonna watch a sad video see
you cries I want us to just think about
something and see you Christ forever
Christ first they win so it's actually
you try to cry challenge so let's try to
cry challenge it's hard you know it's
good it shows it whoever played cries
that means they know how to act like I
said I could cry does that mean acting
bro yes it is I swear it doesn't bro
that means you're good all right if it
factors it just cuz you know if it just
some great actors I can't know how to
cry hi who huh who shut up Adam shut up
yeah you have to have a tear come down
past your cheek okay
the tear has to go down ready set don't
start yet ready set go
Oh already setting on something set like
that that time some ate my donut
no to the corner pick up another come
the note is coming up I can't cry when
he's I did when was the last time I
cried
I can't cry oh he sounds like that
monkey vanishes ooh that's good
those tears let me wait blow my nose in
the syrup I like the show to look slow
hit this is your shirt alright guys none
of us cried this thing is hard you son
well the thing is hard next time we'll
try the one watching the video so if I
want to cry all I do is bring my face
and I'll cry but Wow
I'm better under sinks I have a good
hiding awesome me too well Heidi's
appointment why do you always smell good
nice oh my god you get it I'm gonna give
Adam a bar so to eat me some I want to
give you some freaking baby shampoo to
drink but what hi guys um yeah we're
done here I hope you guys liked it make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey I'm now see you guys tomorrow
take like err peace summer vacation is
outside to my gag so baby please be who
you wanna be
be so don't let anybody tell you what
you're gonna be Oh baby you can have
anything you want from me
