hey guys what's up and do me hanging I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day guess
what I'm using my new camera by do not
have the mic so you have to use at least
a mic the regular mic that's in the
camera until I get the mic I want to use
it so bad I hate it on the camera so I
mean use it for now till I get the mic
maybe hopefully today from Malaysia
right now we're heading time Malaysian
show and it's about to get crazy look at
this beautiful view we're on like the
18th floor
this view is gorgeous
Kuala Lumpur whoa this is sick
you have zero oh my god it's like see
the ones have soaked all right yeah
we're going to Bentley Music Academy how
far is it 30 minutes 30 minutes
oh my god summer times that show oh wow
the door is open right now and our show
starts in exactly 30 minutes so once we
get there we're going straight to the
performance Naz is already there because
he had to organize the guy everything
ready so means them all ready to go
what's up guys right now we're backstage
the home right here so that's security
go ahead where he came to he can't latch
on to me Theresa thank you so much to
the home right there mom in position
is that a world tour you ain't got a
world tour hi guys so people always
asked what we do on tours what basically
do is alone we have like a little video
I have a video yes we got that no one
watch should we say we say many people I
still won't do it okay I'm not going to
say what we say but people might steal
what we do but I'm gonna see what we do
come to comfortably going to look
involved Adam are sitting on some slim
Adam involves cloud-like written about
technic
Rema can I marry remot you better say
yes to Chile
ah
guys what's up I'm with Nadia backstage
I'll be sure to thank you so much I
appreciated some what ever and I'm gonna
go on a talk I'm Adam I've seen yourself
everyone talking on guys
without the Malaysia meet-and-greet
what's up look at it about to me how do
you guys so let's get ready and do it
guys are in the meeting right here he
was a give a shout out to YouTube
channel was a call what I earn whatever
WH 8088 are you so cute how dude
nine-nine oh my god when I was nine
mommy's video come on TV but have you re
appreciate every night in supper nine
seven everyone will go to Brunei next
time everyone always tell me there was
something to go to Brunei I'm going to
be now yeah goes to museums well please
a Papa Pope well
what's he museum um just an IT Jess he
matches United fan yeah
Amanda under cousin and twelve it I was
looking at your channel and you have
zero subscribers yeah so I thought of
like okay fine I'll subscribe to China
okay sure this kid is an old G man I
told you I was in the beginning of live
I neither Mike now he's giving me yo-yo
GOC name much tell Hodge thank you so
much thank you guys man our future can I
show you the melody and oh yeah well
sorry my nose my brother
hello to Sophie oh yeah alpha
thank you Ibrahim jihad yeah Thank You
Bo Aborigines man here's the bed I got
dope
letter right there they see Thomas you
guys cause we like washer video since
they're helping a homeless video and um
yeah helped me a lot man Thank You Man
appreciate it
they did so much though obvious I'm so
nervous
don't remember that many said that was
the best thing I said on the show is
about what about mother was the mother
to visit a nice kid I saw you guys why
she she's appreciated so much because
we're so in love even person honestly
love you I love the carousel man I'd be
like you say hi what's up thank you guys
for coming I just met Sean Mon Adalind
is so beautiful thank you guys so much I
love you guys so much thank you guys for
appreciate you guys seriously you guys
so amazing I love you you came last year
yes the first time yes my first they
always freeze up I don't like anybody
else freeze up then that's good I'm very
happy
Lena had everybody thank you something's
gonna give away first chain they go get
the ghost Edison you want your by the
chain what heroes do what hates it some
hates it so much so Susana some vloggers
I'm like you know what me long ago blood
we wants to make a chart to be on my 7i3
week I show you for that ocean I got so
give you shot it's an idea an idea and
poetry they helped us out with the
shirts thank you guys oh my gosh we just
left the show and we came here to have
dinner with the homies right here it was
it's really not so amazing since thank
you guys so much for taking us up that
is a end up editing the vlog right here
and eating at the same time so let's see
how it goes to me and is like 8:30 a.m.
right now no one's asleep we're trying
to see right now but before we go to
sleep I got a big balloon that someone
gave me Maya how big is it imma blow it
up then I'm a mess around women pretend
like I hear stuff because he gets so
scared with that and I'm about this just
for fun because he keeps messing with me
you
whoa
what the fuck
hahaha very nice private but it wasn't
very funny bringing me in like this
because I'm fucking butt-naked and you
can't use this on your video it's I'm
fucking we a little Eagle sled Adams
collapsed great
well holy shit yo your nas absurds I
swear
well not feasible you shouldn't look
already God even fuck you yeah camera
well that's really obtuse I swear I
blacked out for like two minutes
I can't receive SOC black stuff right
now you know yeah I'm good bro I'll try
to get you that's a screen a knows it
not what they do what do you do
I blew this whole thing on my air I
swear to god yo I'll switch off shutting
it not for this kid yo yo no more pranks
outta me this black listen bro I'm
voting for solo eggs gone wrong I'll run
out of breath row so I don't get me dude
I was gonna pop an X you pretend like
that and see you deserve a pestilence
yeah good to punish our not bro
yeah oh my god yo any water I just
watched the footage of what NAS did this
is like the boy who cried wolf imagine
blowing this whole thing wrong how are
you gonna feel overcome and not screams
yo hey slim I don't look at something I
might kill my man fucking up bro really
gotta fucking around but I stayed over
there and I got opening this when you
woke up with the home I need to be
careful roast 9 a.m. right now I had no
sleep like like yeah 24 hours and I
sleep over here is not as like slim come
look at this this is insane bro damn I
need to go to sleep guys I'm in the vlog
here I'm so sorry I'm mad I can't get
you BA to know what happened all our
members is like me slowly going down if
you pop that booty short of kill me I'm
still gonna kill you
their role I'll end the vlog here though
but anyways thank you guys so I didn't
know I'm saying I didn't do nothing but
thank you guys so much without the
support i'ma see you guys tomorrow I
will try to get him back hopefully no
thumbs up with doing egg thank you guys
few minutes and end the vlog give it a
huge thumbs up thank you guys so so much
I love you guys and I appreciate
everything when you guys who come to the
tour thank you thank you thank you and
I'll see you guys tomorrow do being I'm
gonna go get some sleep because I had no
sleep no food until I keep poking your
belly button yes I should have got you
I'll see you guys tomorrow
I love you hello I need to be careful
rows 9 a.m. right now I had no sleep
like like hours
thing over here is not as like slim
completeness this is insane
bro damn I need to go to sleep guys I'm
in the black here I'm so sorry I'm mad I
can't get you by don't know what
happened all our memories is like me
slowly going down you plant that bullish
over to kill you good would it kill you
their role I'll end the vlog here though
but anyways thank you guys so I didn't
know I'm saying I didn't do nothing
but thank you guys so much without the
support i'ma see you guys tomorrow I
will try to get him back hopefully good
thumbs up with doing egg thank you guys
few minutes another vlog give it a huge
thumbs up thank you guys so so much I
love you guys and I appreciate every
single any guys who come to the tour
thank you thank you thank you and I'll
see you guys tomorrow do me I'm gonna go
get some sleep because I had no sleep no
food it's like keep poking your belly
button yes I should have got you I'll
see you guys tomorrow
I love you I like I can't replace him a
baby I'll grind it baby
every day for the rest of my life to be
political
