hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing name because
I'm having an amazing a so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day today it's gonna be a
fun fun little meeting I'm heading to
the top of the Burj Khalifa the world's
tallest building in the world I already
said world in the world I'm heading
there now I'm supposed to meet everyone
in the lobby at 1 p.m. and I believe it
is 1:05 p.m. so I need to go down right
now so do me it before I go make sure
you guys subscribe put your
notifications on because I'll blow it
every single day and I haven't missed a
day since 2016 do not forget to give it
a thumbs up I appreciate everything when
you guys to give the vlogs thumbs up as
you can see I got no sleep at all yeah
anything else you do me gank what up man
we just got to the bush Khalifa we're
about to go up here I don't know all my
cameras like this it just looks dope
having none like this little cloud this
is crazy we got money kicks car right
there when he kicks was goodie man how
you doing bro
killing have you been to the top or not
didn't have you been since that oh he's
already in the top mudgy it do me gank
we just got to the top man look at this
leave this oh my god his niggas scary
hello I'm scared for my cameras holder
ready wow this is insane
the view is it oh my god mashallah this
is inside yo can't believe it's wrong
and I just standing next to it like it's
normal I got it's normal mate
bro I'm shivering being near here like
it's not what the hell is crazy room
only had a Ballentine
oh no camel oh I'm sorry about them they
got the jacuzzi right here man look at
this they got more stuff here Wow look
at the highways I didn't want to step
near this thing like wow the view keeps
getting crazier increase it if you guys
do not know that's the waterfall water
fountain show do we have a restaurant
every time I'm in Dubai I got to come
here
but what he does like height doesn't
oh my god
legit I hear that oh my god
oh my god
hi guys so this is what they make right
here like this it comes wrong
thank you so much
best man and I thought you eat it
guys we're having dessert now this is
how they do the dessert look it's so so
satisfying guys what up man what's out
what's happening we got like goodbye he
got locked up in London and now he's
back in the back we already broke em oh
we just finished eating sorbet now we're
gonna have a chili every to know me and
have some you know chill out she should
you know I'm saying that after that we
see you guys shot me gang I'm back in my
hotel and I got to tell you guys
something so I've seen a lot of guys
tweeting me telling me all case I
tweeted something I believe he tweeted
something I don't know if it's like
indirect to someone but I do not a lot
of you guys thought that that was an
indirect Timmy
bye believe I'm most likely sure that
that indirect is not to me because even
before all this chaos I versus Adam saw
fight me and him never really had beef
we'd never really had beef like this
anything he was really nice when I met
him and when I seen him he was really
really nice but now when the fight is on
and it's becoming cocky like that ko
King he's a different person you know
Adam Sal I don't know who he is Carrie's
kale is about to be ko king once again I
believe that sweet I don't know I feel
like that sweet is about Jay Paul
because there was something where Jay
Paul went up to his little brother
acting like it he was really arrogant
not humble at all just just a douchebag
pretty much um yeah so I think that
sweet is about Jake and not about me so
it's everyone tweeting things about me
it's it's not but once once they get to
boxing then that's getting really differ
yes to do me hang right now I'm about to
react to a video and say my thoughts my
honest thoughts it's about to be ko King
pretty much so yeah if you guys do not
know Vitaly
he's another youtuber that was in that
video that ksi shows me Vitaly
fouseytube jmx
future future something I didn't really
know much of them but Amalia Vitali was
one of them us in there he did this
video and he pretty much was speaking a
lot of crap that's it so I'm yeah let's
let's see how it goes oh my gosh drama
man I'm a lesbo algos warning you guys
once again it's Carole King that's gonna
be talking and doing saying everything
right now so hope you guys enjoy Locke
in Brazil he wants to step in the ring
with another youtuber holy oh my
god make sure you give them a triple
face biting oh my god really no the kid
looks like a pretty boy looks like a
softie looks like a pretty boy it looks
like a softie looks like a pretty boy it
looks like a softie which would be
pretty boring super soft damn damn do me
yank damn I'm a softie man I look like a
pretty boy so that makes me a softly oh
my god Vitaly I know you're watching
this and just by watching this video you
can know you don't know about
boxing you're the type of person who
goes to the gym and lifts weights and
then you walk around outside like this
all balled up you cave and wipe your
butt thinking you can knock anyone out
because you lift weights man yeah I'll
lift weights dude I bet fast 350 you
don't mean if you body build it
don't mean if you lift weights they
don't mean if you're both up and
they don't mean if you look like a
pretty boy what matters is your hands
and if you know how to use your hands
and box I mean to be honest I don't
think you can wipe your ass it looks
like you benchpress way too much so that
right there you lifting weights is not
even good for boxing boxers don't even
lift weights like that so that's how I
know you know nothing about boxing
you're mentioning furious Pete you're
like oh my god he's big he's built he'll
beat me up just cuz you see someone
built and have muscles even if they have
a 20 pack doesn't mean they can beat
anyone out there you need to know how to
box and I don't even know why you won't
even fight care side you're obviously
gonna get beat up by him I mean I could
beat your ass in a boxing match while
smoking shisha so it's no point but
you're not the person that I'm looking
for the person that I want is ksi
because he's the undefeated wanna know
World Championship not masseur so you do
me yeah thank you
so much for your love and support I'm
sorry once again I'm a whole complete
different person when it comes to boxing
just know when I speak about boxing it's
not me it's Kol mother que pasa why is
this dude so salty on Yousaf and calling
him the P word seriously my dude is so
immature I know you sir very well and
he's not a peer just cause you go out
there and doing dumb doesn't mean
he's a P word and you're cool now cuz
you do dumb stuff we have boxing is it
for you over tally I think you should
stick to lifting more weights and going
to the gym and having your protein shake
350 men it's a whole different world in
boxing and it's a whole different world
than that gym in a boxing gym you get
hit in your face in a regular gym you
don't do me gang I'm ending this vlog
here thank you guys so much for your
love and support I appreciate every
single one of you guys I don't even know
what to say about this bomb I'm so so
happy because I've always done like box
and fights in the UK since December 2015
and I love this so much because I'm
youtuber I do YouTube and I also do
boxing and the fact that I see youtubers
come to boxing it's really really dope
there's kind of done when you have lame
people like this thinking they know
about boxing when they don't know really
nothing yes do me Hank tomorrow I'm
heading to quoits the one day if you
guys enjoyed like make sure you give it
a thumbs up and go Turkey thank you guys
so much we love us pop so you guys
tomorrow
take care and peace out to me guy I like
I'll still work the lake ship still so
far from greatness I still got time for
good girls still violate a fake Church
just got home from Lebanon my passport
got so full I had to get another one
too bad my life on a runway PJs on a PJ
head nachos the DJ I've got baby I'll
replay sack paper like a breeze kiss
you face your fear heisted day or you
don't worry where you are your whole
life away
