oh hey buddy what's the hurry now with
the tag
Oh bitch I'll be back drag know who took
Birkin bag - oh hey guys what's up a
doobie gang I hope y'all having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day right now I am in London me
slim and Naz we were heading all the way
to Jakarta Indonesia it's about to be a
crazy long flight around 19 to 20 hours
so hopefully turns great we don't see
how it goes so slim just came through
from NYC NYC to London my little guys
and I know he's going to be with me on
Indonesia Malaysia Singapore and Mel
born in Sydney it's about it's about to
get lit I'm so hungry right now so we're
gonna go eat something real quick on the
freakin terminal right now it's time to
impress the people
longer
his only fan up walking away to the dust
of dawn nope no fancy beautiful ah look
at she's walked away she don't give a
 no one likes me this piano Oh
pragna my pitch I'll be back yeah drag
no it's a Birkin bag NAB's rag now fun
do me I packed the lounge right now the
Emirates Lounge I'm about to take a
shower because I have not showered for
two days this is toy life and I need to
shower in the freaking airport so I'm
gonna shower right now and I'm gonna
have to go eat and I'm ready for this
freakin 19-hour flight so is okay this
is for life you got a shower in the
freakin place but it feels really really
good
this is so weird Indonesian I cannot
wait see you guys thank you guys so much
for the support this has made our not
feels so so fresh after the shower
I got slim strong it's a brand new day
today then everybody says say what it's
a really comfortable shirt I cannot wait
about going right now I'm starving
oh my freaking wisdom tooth is killing
me I might have to get surgery because
it is literally killing my hand all day
because of it but I'm gonna try my best
to keep meeting I do know how to get the
surgery because I'm so scared of going
to sleep and everything but if it gets
worse I'm gonna have to get the surgery
so we're gonna see how it goes
in a couple days hi guys I'm about to
eat right now my tooth hurts so bad so I
have to eat only on this side this side
hurts so bad have to go like this
ah-ah-ah-ah my thing has been hurting
for years some voila I'll shake the pain
go to the doctor go I want to go to the
doctor Nassif blood no helmet I was
being go Oh huh
come on me so I have some comes in me
then I go I don't want to go I just
landed in the bayou
guess what only the why they have an
airport to have a place where they sound
like all these cameras now getting the
newer the better camera that I had
before with whites cooler there's a
shout-out to the BA I'm so happy I'm so
sorry thank you I don't know so I'm
finally getting the camera but the only
thing is they do not have the mic on top
as need a place to find a mic I got the
best best cameras that can in ATD it
cost about $3,000 but it's all good as
long as I have that camera the wife's
pea plant feels like around $1000 and
I'm just happy to get it because I hated
this camera sorry Carol but I hate you
I'm going through a lot but I hate I got
the ATB camera this lens violence and
another lens thank you so much brother
man guys you just made it to Indonesia
over here and average pay I guys feel
like I'm nervous is my bag I got my
bachelor my guys so we have four bags
altogether we checked it and then they
gave us something saying that one of our
bags are missed so this is the moment of
truth
to see whose bags this is all of our
bags are important so anything else miss
we're like rule I guess your rules the
whole trip so is it gonna be now this is
a one bag that we can afford to move
it's my small bag and my small bag got
my secret come on so I don't want my
small back to be missin you know they
don't
so many right bags are missing we've
like we're freaks out so who's a
blasphemy I had bad luck is it gonna be
we might resolve end up is it gonna be
nice I have to have 2 out of 4 chance to
be moves in mind so we're looking for it
we'll see how he's about 50% I think
it's not a video 20% each a much more
sense houses Oh fine done' guys guess
what it's my bag that's lost I have to
get it tomorrow but thing is I'm leaving
tomorrow Malaysia and this is why drew
is a trip because I'm leaving to
Malaysia and my back comes to Indonesia
so it's I need to like that's it you are
sick your car is gone but luckily it's
my small bag
I'm social man because I wanted
Indonesia to smell me with the secret
cologne that I have but now they came
and I knew it was you use some nose like
a bad luck bro yeah you know how's Ella
- Stef has works like so how does that
about merciless everything always Batman
you know saga come to life everything
man I'm making a report right now
because my back is lost I have a lot in
that bag even those small bag I have a
lot in there it's my little adidas bag I
have maybe like I have my secret cologne
which is on three four hundred dollars I
have my GoPro in there which is hundreds
of dollars I have my boots - they're
over then I just got up close I have a
lot a lot of stuff I'm so sad I do not
know what to do I guess I just got to
continue on with the show I was gonna
bring the GoPro to the Indonesian show
but it's all good
I don't
it's like 1:00 a.m. right now
and they're still here why you guys not
sleepin I guess no I feels our sleeping
thank you really really good by the way
so finally got to our hotel in like 12
hours not even 12 hours we have our show
11 hours
well Indonesian looks amazing I'll saw
the city on the car and it is beautiful
this everyone is so respectful everyone
is so nice it's like it feels like home
does it feels like home I cannot wait
I'm so sad they were only here for a day
I'm so sad only in free day like this
this is beautiful man it's a camera in
here
new camera I got but do me a black hair
we come to show to him we have a shot
savonius level
let me slip she wasn't
name is Liz my name is Adam my name is
we have a show tomorrow a big show in
Indonesia yes are you gonna come yeah
coming
cheery know what the heck I'm saying you
should go
good everybody cried my dad and we dab
it on it
this is how the Indonesian money looks
right here 50,000 rupiah is worth like
not even much so everyone is pretty much
like a millionaire here the taxi drive
that we had is around two hundred
thousand rupiah which is wrong $15 $15
how do you say I love you I'm a few
uh-huh sorry I'm gum signing on a tip
that I'm selling em oh yeah then tip I'm
auntie down know which one sino Sangamo
okay so I don't know yeah yeah you like
ninja turtles I'm gonna give you ninja
turtles okay I'm gonna give you good
Ninja Turtle toys okay all right I can't
wait till I see you I miss you so much I
miss you more
Oh like a buffalo
hi guys we wanted some food in Indonesia
is a halal steaks open up it's all over
Muslim countries everything is just
hello-o amazing beautiful mushroom it's
morphin Ivan it's long story go back
mashallah very lovely hey why not see
something good says oh hey hey so as I
said I do mean I'm gonna be trying
candies drinks snacks from different
countries today it's Norway's turn I
have a lot of snacks and you guys gave
me in Oslo Norway and I'm ready to try
it first one is this because I'm really
really thirsty
not as drink some of it so I don't know
how we taste I'm about to drink it right
now it's called Julie gross it looks
like it's like the colour of like looks
like color P I don't know
mmm it tastes like root beer mix with
him - who knows what spin-2 likes Arabic
drink who knows a food - if you don't
open to us leave in the comments this
one is called smash is from Xena Xena
thank you so much for giving me this
smash chocolate this one smells really
good like little pieces I guess they're
all smashed up inside hmm
this is chocolate-covered chips we got
this chocolate it's called
Melek Astro colada melaka this is a
really really long word what the heck
melted chocolate as I say chocolate in
Norwegian milk is choco milk
I'm guessing this has milk chocolate I
got a piece mmm it's really good
chocolate like really rich kind of
chocolate but I do not like chocolate
with nothing in there has to have like
some peanuts or some pretzels or
something in the chocolate we have here
first
chocolate milk I'm guessing this is
chocolate milk this looks like the
chocolate milk in like kindergarten when
like little students get it always shake
the milk forth and let's try it
hopefully it's not nasty because it's
been in my luggage like a good 20 hours
to cook mmm
this thing is really really good this is
much better than nesquik nesquik you are
competition imagine making like a
commercial hey guys you guys to drink
Fisk chocolate ml 1 1 1 1 I wonder how
these people come up with the names
really hard candy looks like a fish let
me see mmm
this is like I'm trying to compare it's
like an American candies like a jolly
rancher or like a fish shape Jolly
Rancher vegetable vegetable best that
best festival vegetable was like
gum like a sour gummies here mmm no it's
hog on bowl with harm
Oh
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed the
segment of Adam trying different snacks
from different countries a hi guys I'm
done with the vlog I'm so sorry this
vlogs kind of short
it was a long long day flying like we
literally had a long flight from Oslo to
London London to Dubai Dubai to Jakarta
somehow longer like run away from New
York to London London to divide two by
two Jakarta Indonesia but it's going to
be amazing amazing show tomorrow in
Indonesia I cannot wait you guys are
gonna see some craziness in Indonesia
and I cannot wait to show you guys thank
you guys so much for love and support if
you guys didn't make it to the end the
vlog make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey I want to see how many of
you guys always make it to the end of
life and it truly means the world thank
you guys so so much actually tomorrow I
forgot to tell you tomorrow
I am giving away my woman coat in
Jakarta Indonesia in Jakarta I'm giving
this away because it's a woman jacket I
don't need to wear it here cuz it's
really really hot and I'm like you know
what I might only give it someone here
for like souvenir or something like that
so if any Indonesian ado me if you guys
want it go leave a comment below
in my last Instagram video or tweet me
you have to be from Indonesia and I'll
be giving away this fur coat that
everyone has been laughing about me with
even though I think it's really really
cool of that I'll see you guys tomorrow
do me I take care or peace so baby
please be who you wanna be
I know you
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be oh baby you
can have anything you want to me
