hey guys what's up in to me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day once again it is
super cold here in the Netherlands but
today we are finally doing something
touristy we're going to go to the city
and just walk around and explore the
city because I've never really got to
explore Amsterdam in a way where I
didn't have like a show or event so I'm
gonna explore it freely and see what's
up hopefully I get to meet some of you
guys and hopefully it turns out fun
hello guys i am with lima and bean no
your name is marcin say more said do you
know your name he does not know his name
your name is Adam say Mawson nothing
right now I'm vlogging so I can put in
the vlog while I'm away so you guys can
not miss Rima and Watson too much
because I know you guys always miss them
so I decided to vlog with them and for
you guys say what's up say hi to them ah
while I'm filming this I'm gonna be
missing you guys so much watching this
that's crazy right wow that's insane
right mama tell you guys a funny story
what but before I tell you guys about
this funny story I want to tell you guys
about this gaming app called best fiends
so best fiends approached me and told me
they want to sponsor this video and I
said yes Rima and moss and they play a
game so so much so they play that game
so okay okay so I said yes they can
sponsor this video because I do like
best fiends since we mustn't like it and
I played it and I do like it but they
play it so much so i'mma tell you guys
about best fiends forever
what are you doing push-ups so Buffy's
favor is the second game and the best
fiends trilogy it has the same
characters and the same story but it's a
brand new and different kind of game so
if you guys do not know rema has own
iPad and Morrison has his own iPad and
they play games so freaking much and
they always play best feeds because they
got to punch it and tap the coins he has
himself as the background was his code
how does a two-year-old have a freaking
iPad lock number what's his number how
does he know so this is the game you
basically collect coins and shoot them
you can get a fireball right here boom
right there this guy has this little
like spider-man webs web right here oh
 but look how many coins I got
thanks huh this is a cute background of
Rima and her dad which is my brother
this is the game right there best fiends
forever so remember you can download
best fiends for free let me know how far
you guys go Muhsin click my frickin
phone and his iPad only have read was
iPad but yeah so the funny story
involves my aunt she is back once again
so there was a vlog from like last year
because Reema's favorite cartoon show so
Rima has a favorite cartoon that she
watches what's your favorite cartoon all
right it's Peppa Pig it's like this
cartoon that involves like British is
like I don't know it's like a British
cartoon but they play in America Rima
loved it so much she always watches
Peppa Pig but my aunt went crazy
my aunt was telling my mom that is Haram
to watch pigs juice a basis and that
kids are not allowed to watch pigs on TV
if he could I know we can't but my aunt
be bugging out so my mom starts
believing her as just bugging out on me
because mom just hears what she says and
she says bug it on me telling me why you
lady Reva watch
pig stuff for some I'm like mom it's a
freaking cartoon show and
does not believe what I freakin say I
thought mom stop but I guess she
probably needs another diss track you
don't fight me by her why not cuz she's
watching this right now I know you watch
it okay okay okay okay I'm gonna be
ready for mom to call my mom but I'm
gonna be away so you can call her all
you want but first let me take you guys
on a tour to the apartment that everyone
hates I'm supposed to show you guys a
couple days ago about show you guys
right now I love it I think it's unique
so it starts off like this this
mannequin right here which is I have no
clue slim put on a shirt to keep her
halal then I feel like we fell asleep
and someone who underestimated all right
so not undressed the mannequin ab girl
I don't know we also have a piano here
you guys let me know let me know what
song let me know what song is this ready
all right Oh
I didn't do that goodbye hope another
song let me know in the comments below
we also have some weird creatures here
it's like it's artsy look at this look
at this life it's like a skirt it's
really artsy I love it it's really good
stairs here I'm going to show you guys a
little after we have a picture of Naz
right here I do not know why I don't
know why he hates it the most
maybe because there's a picture of him
did you know there was a picture of
yourself here nah
huh Sheila currently huh - just wait
quickly I'm wearing ceilings for jackets
here what's up soon a wasabi going
what's up guys guys I so ceylon a son of
it has a funny story so he say I
remember one I went to Umbra in Vegas I
was like I was like is that over as Joey
wants to do I envy he thought about was
over that but I saw it
I'll teach you more little right I love
baby oh love you know I don't say but
this is the kitchen right here I made me
some coffee earlier I'm gonna take you
guys upstairs this is why they really
really hate it because upstairs it's
like the ceiling is like up to five feet
so I was like up to here to me and I got
a walk bending down some has to walk on
is these super soft we say that's true
are you good it's fun though it's why so
far he hit it twice ready and well it's
fun though right oh my legacy so mean
found almost like it was there's a smart
house bossy yeah there's a meet is that
this is our house guys this house I put
the camera out and I say what
I got so the most random everyone what
guys this is this is my like this is
like the amsterdam squad desk
so they will randomly I think at the
boxing place then they randomly come to
and they will randomly in the city and
we were renting in the city and then we
just randomly kick this is like
desperate yes I'm so sorry I couldn't
come to the boxing place because I
didn't guys I didn't know you guys are
even going but I know those from Twitter
I know there's no underneath he's so
nice
I know that's weird it's like him alone
this one no idea sorry miss Eames hello
Tommy she's a quiet one a fathom oh
she's the loud one Leyla right here
she's a crazy one like me I'm the crazy
one and funny young buddy other she's
like she felt like the shy one she's
have any choice
hi hi hi so yeah we'll see you guys in
the next shot got it
hey are you can do it go oh hi guys so
they're teaching me some Dutch and they
told me how to say you're beautiful
right yeah yeah Ben boy I get bent more
imma go up some random notch people
oh yeah Beth join your bad boy how we're
doing some touristy stuff which is
hanging around the city
did she Dutch let me know is that
brother you bent my event mourner sure
he didn't know I'm a victim mother your
best boy sound news huh save again yeah
but your best boy yeah event boy the
California lovable What did he say
he says thank well thank you so much man
I appreciate huh can I get a ride
anybody no please no we do joke so
vulnerable famous youtuber from New York
guys I was rarely vlogging with them and
he liked that famous you soon from New
York and I came up and he was like what
the hell is hip and I was blogger at the
rail that's so weird
this is open please tell them hey what's
up - the are you phone died yeah I
think my phone died - no I swear to God
I just took one in the die my phone is
completely that guy's I meet the
weirdest people here in Amsterdam say
what's up what you gonna say hey what's
up HP just one difficulty in getting oh
listen are you good brother
Thank You Man
top of all of it Thank You Man
appreciate it license yours guys out
incredible thank you fabbi scheming yeah
all right guys we just got to the
apartment right now and there's a fan
that broke into the house and this
alarms going on so I do not know what's
gonna happen but it seems like we were
like robbing the house but we're not but
those are color fans who knocked on the
door and they I think I guess when we
just came in before no trying to break
into the other side the other side is a
different door where it's like some
lady's office and it's ringing right
hand so this is awkward
I don't know it hasn't stopped smell
like 20 minutes I don't know what's
happening but guys please please please
if we ever do like a meet-and-greet come
through but please I want you guys
getting in trouble somewhere kids don't
come to like private I don't want you
guys getting trouble for trespassing or
like anything I'll meet you guys I
always love meeting guys it's my
favorite part of everything but going
into like breaking it to stuff like that
you can get in like really big trouble I
do not want to get you guys in trouble
and I don't want you guys getting me in
trouble I try to get lack of an
Amsterdam surfer team if we go to Sydney
and then we're gonna be in Sydney from
the 19th from the 19 I'm not picking up
why did it pick it up the 19th we leave
Sydney and we come back to the UK that's
why your flights on the 20th pick it up
huh get lost man no just so you told me
sorry guys so I'm in the bathroom right
now
and I have these little things it's like
snapping snapper pop swimmers but
they're they're really really strong
ones like I said they sound like legit
gunshot so you live this is it right
here okay this is it right and it makes
powerful powerful noise these are
freaking loud so while they're fixing
the UH the thermometer or something like
that because it's freaking hot right now
inside but it's cold outside I'm fixing
it
meantime they're gonna go and just like
pop it at them so hi guys so something
is wrong which I don't fix the
thermometer and this is like Dumb and
Dumber like they're not like I don't
know what's going on but they're trying
to fix it so help the whole thing's
gonna come off
come help me help you I've got no dreams
gonna come on horns in Harlem no mayo
Godsey is it fair you'll fix here you
know the carpets underneath that's why
it's not gonna fix ha ha funny tale like
your now what why is it I don't
know but smells good no way I'm gonna
ride with the vlog here I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go Turkey
I'm still trying so hard to decide who
wins this hat like it's really really
hard to decide
so do once again leave a comment below
thumbs up this vlog and I will randomly
choose someone I tried to choose someone
last time but it's so so hard because I
want to choose a real writer that do me
so I want to see this time if you guys
comment again if I see the similar faces
and similar people that you're more
likely to get chosen so hopefully I'll
be choosing someone tomorrow uh now see
you guys tomorrow do me a take care o
pecs I love you so baby please be who
you wanna be
I know you
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you're gonna be Oh baby
you can have anything you want to make
any
