right right
hey guys what's up you're doing I hope
you're having an amazing it because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day today we have a day
off where Copenhagen Denmark so we knew
that day off to explore the city a
little but I finally got a haircut
by the way me not smiling at a haircut
right now waiting for Humber when you go
to see we're gonna see how those days
I'll see you guys in the next shop proud
here at this place called school
I said swamp I said alright so I asked
someone how do you say Copenhagen in
English its Copenhagen and I was like
how do you say Copenhagen in Copenhagen
well they say come on they're like good
boy haha kupah like anyways we're gonna
do some shopping we're gonna do some
exploring we see a full Locker right now
somebody got some cakes we're gonna see
how it goes
I know Tim's is such a New Yorker thing
but I've always wanted red Sims video so
these they're always sold out in your
city so I might get ready Tim huh yeah
you too Joe summer
you know take Copenhagen in English
right how do you say Copenhagen in
copening crib now see you see that's
what I meant it sounds I've had you know
kind of pooping on you
yeah yeah oh you think not so sweet he's
getting Leo a pair of Jordans six nice
one
see this one the red ones are sold out
even here they only have kids sighs some
we get the regular black ones these are
the sneakers of them are they only have
to show you guys right that's all the
sneakers that's these are the kicks were
this is literally all they have whoa
what kind of kicks are these what the
heck what are these now let me know in
the comments below what the heck are
these but especially boots Jordan boots
maybe I'm liking these and these these
are my favorite right here who plays
ball Denmark company ball and coupe and
hop no we don't have it to visit them
good luck I can take it okay come ask
for Camila we just did a little shop in
a footlocker and now everything is
closed and it's only seven o'clock p.m.
at night which sucks really really bad
so we're looking for another spot to go
everything is like closed
see how ago I was looking at it people
are not used to vloggers in Denmark I
guess I don't know I love Nutella you
tell anything tastes good Stella crap
until a whopping it tastes amazing I'm
getting a Nutella crap thank you so much
you all should be having an amazing
happy Risley what's this place go to
look yeah oh yeah yeah oh my god yo
I got so the beginning it hurts
then after a while so I was feeling good
this was tickling go gather yup this one
is the same huh now is the old love your
people
how's it feel to lose I said not really
what
how'd you guys get knots never yeah now
you guys gonna chase Naz and beat him up
after we do a little shopping a little
fish pedicure I'm gonna have some
Turkish food Turkish food is one of my
favorite favorite food so they stopped
today with some homeless and they gave
us what taking the piss what one bring
thank you so much ha ha ha times I mixed
grill mixture Turkish food for one what
stop I do me gang so I just got back to
the hotel and I decided to do this
segment every single time I'm in a
different City tasting like types of
like foods and like candies and drinks
in each city that I'm in today I'm a
Copenhagen Denmark so I decided it since
a lot of you guys always give me food on
like candy and drinks from these
different cities I'm gonna taste candy /
food / drinks from Denmark Copenhagen
I'm gonna start off with this thing
called tyree fish sick Turkish Turkish
tavern
Turkish pepper it says original it looks
like fire it looks like coal it's like
charcoal from hookah it looks like the
thing you put on shisha I don't know let
me try it but oh try this Danish candle
try this one's it you do eat it oh well
good you don't meet any fun huh let me
kiss you guys what is nasty I'm sorry oh
it tastes like expired grape lollipops I
don't know if I'm sorry what the heck
why does it have a fire in the back it's
not spicy or nothing like that mods
please try this offend it's called
Turkish pepper try my eat it dry what do
you think all right guys I'm try this
drink is called foxy coin DFAC sikhandi
I don't know how to pronounce it but
someone told me to try it and do not say
it tastes like 7up
already looks like 7up so let me try it
out and see how it tastes tastes like
seven Oh somebody gave me bread this kid
I think same is Yousef you some gave me
bread
he gave me Danish bread I do not know
why but we have to try some Danish red
is called
Boadicea LUNs go to Burger Nagar for
Bart's oh man
smells like hard like real real brother
from it huh Mona Lisa Bevere
yes all right yeah mmm I'm sorry man
give me some tissue not poly mints
maybe it's mint tea and let's see what
it oh so it's chocolate that's weird man
what you have to be catfishing Danish be
catfishing us man it says mince and it's
freaking chocolate in here let's open up
baby this mint inside huh bro
this is gum it's chocolate gum huh
that's the piece of gum
this one's called diam hopefully this
candy makes me go damn some caramel in
it diam this is all right I'm dehydrated
I need some foxy corny hi guys I'm done
with tasting Danish candy Danish
chocolate and Danish drinks if you guys
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up and next
time I'm in New York City
give me some of your cane you know I'll
try it for the segment in the vlog okay
do me I'm out right now to go get iced
coffee and I have this thing this fake
blood thing I mean I want you guys gave
me today in Denmark and I thought it was
crazy crazy prank to getting us so every
single time I go outside alone and come
back I'm always into like this crazy
situation so today
to make another crazy situation but to
prank this is easy so I'm gonna wait a
little bit pretend that I will not take
in my iced coffee for about 20 minutes
then I'm going to come back but I'm
going to put blood all over my nose
it'll my shirt and pretend that I got
like knocked out by this guy and I'm
running two miles and my Gilda's got
knocked me up it's kind of knocking out
so I'm going here and we're going to see
how it goes that's less Newton's baby
wow this thing looks so real puts on my
shirt puts on my neck I got a lot all of
my love oh this is nasty you got blow
but someone just like me up I got I'm
ready to go to NAS I'm breaking
now we go home
nice nice awesome trying to fight this
guy outside but push on mouthful and I'm
conscious
some guy outside a little house when I
supposed to gosh I'm bleedin Rome what
the fuck is the water keep some shit
hope Gracie fuck I don't know a Latino
Devo huh here's a tissue amazing outside
wrong
screw that yes well welcome Weber women
are you a boat oh you could have roja
feels this evil
ha I feel dizzy how heavy is a guy side
boom you got a front I'm coming it come
I can't do you just wanna show you it is
ticket
he's outside come on quickly no dizzy
but this one come on wrong dizzy
boom
Nagata this one yeah this one yeah yeah
it's a baby I was asleep
hey thank you protecting ridiculous
not just coated hey none of us did not
some random different we were the head
what we wanted sound guy huh huh I had
the end right there so scape you to grab
that guy's I'm so pretty good I was so
freaking good huge thumbs up to nos
thank you so much
Jesse he defended me like he got her
home asleep and written up hi guys I'm
in the vlog here I hope you guys enjoyed
if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up he'd shout out to the homie
NAS and if y'all gonna check out every
to his Instagram his Twitter its
snapchat in the link down below thank
you so much and homie lies don't go to
his snapchat by the way because it
snapchat if you want to find us you'll
see a hit of snapchat so other than that
I'll see you guys tomorrow doing hang
and also know where I need to go wash
myself up take care and peace you go
back see well there's something I like I
love you though yeah thumbs up so baby
please be who you want
I know your father will be part of who
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want from me
