hey guys what's up buddy yeah I hope
you're having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day I hope you
are having an amazing day because we're
having an amazing so we're having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day guess what you notice
hmm my room was clean you got me sighs
all right so Reva thinks I got her a
surprise which I do don't show you guys
surprised right now guys ready yeah
Mawson is scared about bookbag let's
just so the surprise I have for you guys
today is a challenge on YouTube I was
supposed to do it myself but since three
must said is a surprise might as well
give her the surprise ready surprise is
the spiciest the spiciest noodles in the
world Walter where we're doing the spicy
noodle whatever or something challenge
these are the spiciest noodles in the
world I do not know what the heck they
are but my mom gave me these yes my mom
gave me these and she told me to do this
challenge because she wants to see me
suffer so I do not know what this says
that says Sam Young it's a Korean kind
of noodles let me read the back okay so
all of the back is in Korean I do not
understand anything if anyone speaks
Korean or knows Korean please let me
know what the heck this is so me and
reom are about to do this spicy crazy
challenge all right we're gonna get
water and milk hot water why not cold
water what the heck
cold water milk and everything and we're
gonna try and up and juice and I'm gonna
fix it up right now and we're gonna see
how it goes
ready okay so I'll put water in here and
I need to let it boil up and I can put
the
little noodles in here oh the water is
getting angry I'm opening it up so I can
put it these are the spices throw it
inside you careful slow Oh uh-oh these
noodles are getting angry now these
noodles are looking like my hair I'm not
even joking they look like my hair are
you willing to toss to do the spicy
challenge she's not my grandma she's my
mom Rima see my grandma she wants to see
us suffer Rima I know see wanna see a
self-aligned up Rima does it look like
my hair yeah it does it yeah oMG is
crazy so hot so we need to wait a little
bit while it's boiling so Miriam are
gonna dance ready let's do it ready cut
it no license wait - are you and eat it
can you uni do you like I need to Cuddy
hey this noodles are way too hot you
need to this challenge is way too hard
you need to Cuddy goody-good
sounds like you're saying I die no no
cut it I think it's almost up you think
it's ready Rima
try try it up try to ha when I do this
the Hat when I miss it it's gonna go in
here boom so these two things over here
these are the dangerous dangerous part
these are the most spiciest things ever
like literally ever guys okay here it
goes
what this thing is black what that yo
and this one right here I don't even
know what it is but whoa whoa these are
like little sesame seeds
what the hell in a little like this
little black dots this is crazy this is
insane I'm gonna mix it know how to mix
it go
makes it go on yeah this is insane oh my
god this thing smells so spicy house
smell is so bad oh my god this is crazy
this is literally smells like fire guy
this is insane I hate this so me and
remember gonna have a challenge we're
gonna put this half of each of them
inside here no you're gonna get equally
like me so we have equal amounts of
noodles we're ready to go
thumbs up all right guys we're about to
go we have some water some milk we also
have some chips and cookies just in case
but this is the concept of the challenge
whoever finishes first they win
obviously I'm gonna finish last she's
gonna finish first because she's five
years old how old are you you're gonna
hold him on thankee thankee your pet
you're a hold of mine I'm 12 I know how
old am i 12 good job so the concept of
this challenge is more for me to finish
this whole thing so if I finish this
whole thing you guys have to thumbs up
this video and if you guys are not
subscribed you guys have to subscribe if
I finish the whole thing so I've
finished holding you got a thumbs up and
if you're not subscribed you're gonna
have to subscribe so let's do this who
should go first
can we smell it oh yo this is hell this
is hell this is not healthy this is not
what helping it I didn't say it Oh
oh my god guys I'm so scared I'd never
do some icy challenges or nothing like
that but okay okay I gotta finish this
whole thing this is a lot this is a lot
fire ready bismillah set
oh yeah Lila oh oh
houses fire ah it's coming more it's
coming up let's come out feel it it's
hard guys that look line ah okay Rima
okay huh
it kicks it up there little bit kick
sigma3 we're champion
you're freaking champion time I'm double
bye I'm done oh my ah I can't even
imagine I'm not allowed to drink until
you finish him Oh room up it is just
like a drink ah I'm drooling
ah ah any water please I need a drink
water you need finish it up
Oh Rima you disgusting you're nasty
ah us I'm so want to finish this I'm
gonna finish arm but I'm sweating ever I
want to finish
I want all of us to finish it so we can
achieve this moment River Cup then we go
oh this torque Wallace mice yeah yeah
boy come on it made me blow my nose ah
Leo please this is like a turtle Anna
huh maybe you just go oh I'm telling you
guys this is hell
Reba finished it yeah no don't throw ah
uh-huh neither oh I can't frickin
believe reemergence it I can't believe I
can't believe everyone through who's
here look him up soon oh he's chillin on
his iPad I wish I was 2 years old
chillin on my iPad don't think milk
come on you ain't getting some my mouth
is up I feel like I have the kylie
jenner lips whole you laughing at
Oh meme on fire you're the freakin champ
you were the champion you are the boss
you were the big boss you were the big
champion Reba you made it you did it I
cannot believe it
this was unexpected didn't know she's
gonna do it so spicy
we will eat chips ah whoa
Phoebe Phoebe chips ah more my mother's
dump I'm never doing this again guys I
cannot believe a five-year-old anything
it's easy
she's freaking and say hey Reba
she got some guts this is why she's a
YouTube star cuz look she's crazy baby
I'm blowing it up I love Reema's on what
you're making
yeah champion okay you again we're gonna
wrap up the vlog here I hope you guys
enjoyed it I really hope you guys thumbs
up and whoever watches us everyday and
you're still not subscribed in you watch
it every day please please subscribe
because I will truly help I love you
guys to do me go take care you guys are
amazing be safe I'll see you guys
tomorrow
peace I love you so baby please be who
you wanna be
I know your father will be
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be oh baby you
can have anything you want
you
