yo yo yo we just met up with Michael
Jordan Mohammed Jordan and they're all
me money kids was good he broke you guys
goin just mean tonight I'm not going
what last time I went my eyes were
burning for like a week after but it was
it was wild only means that we're going
faster like back back your mom's gonna
be the same you had a world wars here
whose face is that on it huh whose face
is that on I would never be the better
one please - he got this Rolls Royce
who's that gun I don't know why isn't
their face rosy do the thing you know
what a Rolls Royce
I know it take the car man now joke
about my I'm not gonna yeah I'm not
never been just I promise you you've
never been just important oh you're
gonna have the Tommy likes you going
because my hand and like I don't want it
to gush out more Oh ready bleeding but I
want last time but you gonna love you
all right the best thing ever I'm gonna
watch you guys have fun yeah guys I'll
see you in the next shot nice mean pop
rock we go it's a budget out up on the
videos back home now I'm standing now
again yes right so far vitaly furious
pete JMX Adam Sala and pretty much
fouseytube
have cooled me out so I thought it
served me piggy who I financed why don't
I let the people decide so hear me out
I'm gonna give it a few more days so
that if any other youtuber wants to
challenge me to a boxing match
they can easily make that video and call
me out before I make a decision so if
you guys have a favorite youtuber that
you love watching and you would love to
see into the ring with me the nightmare
and let them know people let them know
after a few days I will mention in
another video all the opponents I could
be facing and then a poll will be made
of said youtubers and then after that
ladies
each other you get to decide who I fight
next it's gonna be a lot of fun ladies
and gentlemen and I cannot wait and
that's all I need to say this being a
solidarity with me
the nightmare with me good boy boom boom
alright guys I'm gonna be straight-up
honest with you guys when it comes to
boxing it's not even me talking
assignment Adam Sala its KO maan King
ksi it's all cool in the world that you
know you posted the people that called
you out but stop fighting youtubers and
fight a fighter fight someone who has
been doing this since I was 11 years old
for 13 years at one point boxing was my
life boxing was my home and one thing
I'm excited care science everyone to
every other youtuber out there you know
mentioning these fighting in these box
and stuff as if it's a game you can't
play boxing boxing is it real sport it's
not a gimmick you can't play you can't
play boxing you either box or you don't
box so stop calling out these other
youtubers none of them can fight they
are not boxers yeah they're gonna go get
trained blah blah blah but they're not
boxers they don't fight they don't box
so come and fight a real boxer a real
fighter if you really want to fight a
boxer come and fight me I'm a whole
different person when it comes to boxing
I'd do this for a living unless you want
to fight these other youtubers and do a
first show unless you want to fight
these other youtubers who don't know how
to fight and do a first show then don't
call it box and that's not boxing
because they don't know how to box
before my boxing license got taken away
in New York I was 13 and no undefeated
yes I was around 16 17 18 but ever since
I started YouTube
I've always mentioned boxing I've always
told you guys how much I love boxing you
guys know how much I love boxing I'm a
fighter and ksi if you want a real fight
you come and fight me and then you can
start talking about boxing so yeah do me
gang I believe now he's doing like a
poll or something like that I guess
Jade Paul Logan Paul they declined his
fight because they wanted to do an MMA
fight and I agree with ksi an MMA fight
I don't even think anyone wants to see
an MMA fight so I'd even know how Jake
Paul is saying oh my god everyone wants
to see an MMA fight boxing is much much
better this is why you've seen Conor
McGregor come fight Mayweather in the
boxing ring if you guys want to see some
fake box and fight some fake beef go
vote for Jake Paul go vote for Logan
Paul but if you guys want to see a real
fight someone who would knock his ass
out and you already know who it is this
dude is calling himself a nightmare he
had one fight you had one fight your
whole frickin life with who Joe Weller
and now all of a sudden you're the king
of the world and that's what I'm telling
you man
boxing is not a game you can't play it
like that but if you are really about it
I'm here let me know we both follow each
other on Twitter and aside from this
boxing stuff because I'm a whole
complete different person when I get
into boxing I apologize with that
beforehand I get really confident not
cocky because I didn't win one fight
against someone who does even know how
to box
I get really confident almost every
single one of my fights was a knockout I
don't care if you weigh more than I
don't care if you got a bigger reach
than me matter of fact let's read some
of the comments on his video because
everyone has been tweeting me a huge
shout-out to everyone who wants to see a
real boxing fight fight Adam he's the
only one who knows how to box
Adam Sala please he used to be an actual
boxer and this will be a good fight of
them - go ahead - head looks like people
want you to fight Adam Sala Adam Soloff
will give you the best fight Adam Sala
the whole comment section is requesting
it Adam Sala Adam salad Adam Sala
good boy I'm out bro fu dad fight let me
know I'm here I'll see you guys I love
you guys take care thumbs up do me got
some more love you
you
goodbye ko mother King
