hey guys what's it aside because he
knows I'm leaving hey guys what's up and
do me yang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing a so I'm having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day today is my last day before I
leave to the tour and it's I'm gonna be
away for like a month when I come back
to like Christmastime but and I'm so sad
like it's a really really sad day but
we're gonna see how it goes but I have
some good news
Hamza just texted me he said that I got
something from YouTube I don't know I
got something from YouTube a big package
so I do not know what it is I don't know
if it's a YouTube award I don't know if
it's I'm in trouble or something like
that but I'm gonna go to the house now
I'm gonna see how it goes let's do this
what's up guys I'm at Hamza's house be
careful be camera says please handle
with care and I still do not know what
it is before I see it like I want to
guess what it is I'm thinking it's
another YouTube award why till Joe that
would set a million nah or maybe you two
just made a mistake and gave me an extra
one you know I was hit maybe they gave
you made a mistake and let's see cuz
usually use them has been making like a
lot of mistakes and sending other people
they send people other people's awards
with other needs so hopefully this is
actually mine because I do have a
million subscribers on two channels
which is two big milestones and it's
really hard like something most people
they have just million on one channel I
have two channels that I work so hard
for and I got hopefully this is it it
has a day on it do being let's see how
it goes and let me open it kids are not
allowed to touch it Rima what do you
think it is okay no Stargate that is
funny dude it's gonna be another golden
playboys another golden play bar hold on
you should play this a different color
box what is this hello Oh
what is thing is heavy man
you too what's it uh it says YouTube I
heard they're sending like new award
thingies but YouTube still owes me 1
million golden plate plaque but let me
see what it is
Wow Oh madam solid vlogs what services
crazy
I don't saw the vlog I got to ''tis I
got to ease the letter from YouTube says
you're bigger than Vancouver you're
bigger than Venice you're even bigger
than Las Vegas what the hell are do ba
we're bigger we're big into Vegas Venice
and Vancouver this is sick with your
track record we suspect that you're
going to keep going we can't wait to see
you reach the next milestone 10 million
subscribers
it may seem far away I remember the days
when you were excited to have a thousand
I do remember the days when I was
excited to have a hundred I do remember
the days when I decided to have 200 I'm
really really confused if they're
sending this right here as a newer
version of the one that I have or I do
not know if they're sending me this for
like the other channel because YouTube
said they're gonna send me too but I
don't know if this is the newer version
the other one I don't know could a few
so I don't know your tubes or whatever
they did thank you so much youtube you
guys have put me like a platform that i
I'm so happy to be in it like I have the
most amazing gang in the world looming
eggs I have you guys watching me every
single day it truly means the world
thank you guys so so much when I moved
to the new house I'm definitely gonna
put this up on my bed and the other one
up my bed I'm still confused and I'm
still I'm once I get home we're gonna
put both of them together and I'm up
like do the difference in a yeah and I'm
compare them and I'm gonna see which one
is uh which one is I don't know which
one is which because I'm so confused I
don't know I don't know how sad song
vlog that obviously says it what about
the other one
Adam Solly hi guys I believe in having
this house I'm not gonna come back to
like near Christmas time so this is
gonna be a sad sad moment gonna leave my
electric bike here you better take care
of my wife
right take care my wife hey
scratch damage it take care of your guys
I miss you guys didn't be away why
aren't you guys crying why are you
crying why aren't you guys calling yeah
you crying oh I just your jumbo
change little only Remos the only one
aside you guys when we cam leave up go
I'm going to come back to Christmas this
is crazy
so I have to like tomorrow family by
Hamza I better come back yeah you don't
you here I want to see you with a real
six-pack when I come back okay howdy
have no no please oh please oh please
don't
every time I see you bad no he told me
to tell him to stop taking off your
shirt I know everyone tells me to when
I'm looking at shows everyone tells them
that how was that please say how does
that stop taking off your shirt that's
the new hashtag hashtag write it in the
comments everywhere any you too busy
hashtag stop hands up from taking off
his shirt okay have you write that
everyone please bling hashtag get stop
Hamza give me I'm taking off his shirt
oh oh we got thrown hand Oh even of that
fight bones you know that point stop you
suck all you gotta do Homs is move your
head and she's get the chicken jealous
Mac you know that you got to move yet
see if you have a good defense
comes a give oh okay okay
Oh Rima she's staying over with Hamza
so there's less worry grandpa
yeah yeah come give me hug always
everyone with you
Shawn Shawn this all be shot without man
no we're sure you know how to start my
bed they came out there for hair every
much who they cannot bear for but it's
the last time I'm leaving Shawn I'm not
coming back to like where your Christmas
yeah I'm leaving yeah the way you going
going I'm traveling to I'm doing like a
little tour
I'm going away okay
I'm going to UK Spain Italy like service
but I know but I just met her but I
probably think her back or some back
shot have no quiet guy see he's the one
I cut he didn't cry he's a
he's my family than MacLeod I'm doctor I
ain't here no matter what see how good
ah I take it that's my mom she's mad do
you know her move that away I'm putting
a hash tag for him to stop like taking
off his shirt man he keeps putting on
showing the workout video I know but you
don't you know you know you know way
more than you than this okay do me a I'm
packing right now but before I pack I
want to open both of these up at the
same time and see if they're both the
same or if it's two milestones that we
reached so let's open this up and you
can clearly see it right here it says
Adam Sala vlogs and let's see the other
one the other one is much much heavier
so much more bigger and it says on it
congratulations congratulations for
surpassing 1 million subscribers so this
is for Adam Saleh and this is for Adam
saw the vlogs so I have 2 million gold
plate buttons this is this is like a
freakin guys this is a freakin
achievement this is crazy - not one I
got two gold Playboy's and I got two
million subscriber goes
flavor I got - this is crazy guys I
cannot thank you guys enough for both of
these awards like I feel like I'm
winning like I want to guys is to know
this is like a big big achieve it you
guys do not know how excited and how
happy I am today I was been in like a
bad bad mood because I'm leaving for a
while but now I'm in a happy happy mood
thank you guys so so much and thank you
YouTube for everything for sending me
these and hopefully Shella 10 million
subscribers is coming and we gonna see
how it goes
guys what's it aside cuz he knows I'm
leaving
Hey
I'm sorry what do you think about me
waving
I have a book trip miss you guys so much
he wants to come with me
he can't you can't come going in gonna
come with me gonna come with me so I
gotta go through this Vicki this is the
part I hate man this is the worst part
of a life oh let's paint this look this
water guy
look at this mustn't look at this award
I got a youtuber war I gotta try to make
him laugh but he's laughing a little bit
Lawson oh he loves it when I get hurt I
don't know why stop myself ah you're
hurting me
oh sorry little punk telling my okay
this portion is cries over guys one of
us just do a situations like this let me
know in the comments below what am I
supposed to do in situations like this
like a little red nose his little puppy
eyes his little mushroom head I'm sorry
I'm sorry sorry I love you so much I
feel like I'm like really like I feel
like he's my son like because eyes that
ago well I'm sorry have you I'm sorry I
can't
sometimes in life let me tell you
something okay sometimes a knife I have
to leave for a little bit and come back
okay sorry I'm gonna leave it
come back okay okay I'm not going I'm
not going I'm here
oh I'm not going I'm not going a punch
I'm not oh but look I look a hell of a
car
hi guys I'm leaving this is the moment
of truth
look a look how crazy you get
have to please smart we can take it slow
so I just got to the airport and my big
journey starts now
it starts off now I've been having a
good day and a bad day the bad days
because I'm sad I'm believing my family
but the good day is they upgraded me
Virgin shout-out to virgin they upgraded
me to first-class because of
Thanksgiving and I was chosen something
like I don't know I just got lucky if I
like I just won the lotto or something I
was like hey so he chatted a virgin
thank you for upgrading me to
upper-class is going to be a really fun
enjoyable sleep that I'm a half because
I only sleep I have in the plane and it
should be really fun for us I'm going to
London for now this boxing fight and
it's Spain Barcelona then Italy Milan
then Berlin Germany Oslo Norway Denmark
Copenhagen Indonesia Malaysia or
Singapore Melbourne and Sydney which
city will I see you in let me know in
the comments below get your tickets in
the description below
and I cannot wait to you guys and let's
let's go on this journey with me alright
guys it just got to my seat and it is
the best seat I'm so excited so I'm like
the only American here but it's all good
I'm gonna wrap up the vlog here
wrapping up the right here hope you guys
come out to the shows
thank you guys for everything see you
guys tomorrow in London I take care no
pitch comes up and go Turkey
I like so baby please be who you wanna
be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you're gonna be Oh
baby you can have anything you want for
me and
I can
