we're cutting his hair ball hey guys
what's up or do me I hope you're having
an amazing day because we're having an
amazing day so we're having a business
or have you all should have your most
amazing the happy day well only solids
have visited I'm having a really really
weird day we just got to the airport in
London Heathrow
I don't mind of course come to say
what's up to the vlog videos thank you
so much I appreciate this do it thank
you so much appreciate it oh man right
Thank You vetting so thank okay so now
I'm having an amazing it because I just
met one of the homies right there but
before we just went through Heathrow
Airport they liked it Oh another one so
means eyelet or Heathrow Airport right
now usually we never have any problems
in Heathrow Airport but I went through
security he went first and everything
was good then I went through and the guy
was like the guy know me who's I was up
merde Adam he was Muslim too and then
he's like I don't know gonna have to
give you a random check about what the
Freak the dude knows me and he's Muslim
he's giving me a random Security check
so I'm like yeah it was like a joke
touching shit I don't know a very good I
did that I think one just touched me
around but was really really weird I'm
like I think joking I'm like serious
he's a hot man
hence suicide and I'm one like that and
like I was like I'd also had like in his
shoes yeah so explosive yeah it was like
explosive check like it was supposed to
do some like that and I'm like yo like I
didn't want to say anything classes job
you got Tim Thomas like hooky so me I
the same time he does yeah I do that
parents are crying well the girl where
this is sad well
Muslim guy who knows me Oh is giving me
a freaking random security but it's all
good I know it's his job and maybe he
wants it you know feel on these guns you
know and what the feelings get better
you know security check random security
items like we're heading back to New
York right now and hopefully you have a
good flight is the first time taking
place tonight
yes I would take a fly sir slim is
actually staying in London so is gonna
be staying in London I'm coming back in
like three days literally I just have to
go back to get my stuff it's funny so
that's all mom she's like what the hell
you're acting like you're going like
across the street to get yourself there
and it's like he's going one side of the
like world other side and I come back
outside
it's tiring to my hotel man who this is
- starla right that says we are passable
your whole pants is Ripa nobody these
are the design rip this is the real like
yeah we can't tell right because it's
like his whole pants is ripped up yes
our flight is boarding and like how long
10 minutes some minutes is holding 10
minutes it's closing I get in we're
looking for a freaking drink I don't
know what kind of like what drink is
this fruit shoot it's actually good
Ponte I like my font Oh with no heights
it was the words I hear I don't know if
we're gonna oh my give me a fruit shoot
I don't know sounds good
this is crazy man like keyboard getting
like lazy now we have to do the work and
scan it and papers you down always the
working scenes are taking over the world
no machines are taking over I don't know
with all his gambling shit cap doing
like 5 minutes the boy I know right now
and we have to oh we got so many snacks
hi guys I gave him clothes 2 minutes and
we got us snacks
now we're getting headphones so it was
my idea I'm so and we're still gonna go
get a toothbrush toothbrush you're gonna
get into trouble because gonna brush our
teeth where do our toothbrush we love to
in Amsterdam because what happened
that's what we left so much stuff in
Amazon because what happened we love
some I love some clothes back a lot of
clothes
sweatpants yeah like I sweat her and it
was a reason I love to leave the taxes
I'm giving away this hat I was about to
leave it in Amsterdam - luckily I
grabbed it before I left I got it I
already gotten somewhere I almost left
my laptop so you know that what if you I
would've won back I would've had guys we
got everything and we made it literally
right on time we're going in right now
so Shelley's vegan and this is not like
a sponsor thing by air the India they're
really nice stuff yeah they let us in
thank you guys and you I got my Indian
homies you guys are cool hi guys
it's not a full fight so Nina Thailand
got to the back reach six might seem so
exactly you're looking at his buddy
but it's all good we got this whole to
roll so we could knock down seat I'm
gonna wake up and you actually sound
always me you came famous no they go
they go insane what's even at the first
time
yeah yeah what do you guys know like a
nice very experienced coccidia what
nothing is mine a bit slightly don't
worry but I don't know you can set up
battery all I know is like when I google
it what are you making like it's like me
is like in New York slaves I mean
scratch it really sucks like
Messalina sounds like a good way I'd put
what seven was it me yeah I'm telling
really when I don't know I'm gonna look
it up on a go slide but okay doing real
and right now
this landing is insane man it's like
they freaking or complain to New York
and it's still high up this drop
dropping straight down like he's
dropping straight down on the bed there
India's giving us a vocals
this is crazy I think it's crazy that's
what I hate flying is landing that's the
bump yeah I know scare I hate Glenn I
don't know why
hums lemon I was beaten literally
doesn't like when I was planning my head
like I just get like a life vest yeah I
was thinking whatever happens man I love
my family very scary hey do being we're
back home in New York City how's it feel
Jersey though I know son New Jersey we
landed in New Jersey I did not know till
we landed out the whole time were in New
York but it's not that far
we're gonna head back home it's cold I'm
head I'm traveling like like couple days
anyways like two three days anyway so
but it's good to be home
it is your home planet Bunco it all has
been an amazing I'm a butcher nothing a
trip to remember anything about unit a
chicks remember not you integers are
slim did bro
slim knocking how that guy made it a
crazy crazy trip man even other than
that I'm so i watch it and and I gotta
say I'm sorry because this is his first
trip to go out and I go crazy and like
you have to see all this like crazy
stuff so I'm sorry I still you know I
still love like it's still memories no I
mean it's not like I'm not like oh it's
a bad trip now no I love the whole trip
I know who we knew so I feel bad like it
had to cut the trip kind of short yes
really
but promise honestly like one London too
though so I London was good it was a
good thing you're gonna be traveling a
lot more soon kind of the homie he will
come with us ally next time we travel so
it's gonna be good slim screw you cause
you in London he left me I never saw you
like but so good row see how it goes and
I'll see you guys in
was it as it was a bug I missed you my
life is here my feeling is you cutie I
missed you so much give me like I'm
missing so much even if it's for like
five six days I miss you so much my mom
wants me to go out and give Muhsin a
haircut shave everything his whole hair
everything and she's telling me I can
only take him out to America if I shave
his head like literally everything I do
not want to I do not want him to have
his whole hair gone but I am gonna take
him to the barber shop and just like fix
it up I ain't gonna come back home and
I'm gonna get a beat-down from my mom
because I did not shave his whole head
mom wants me to shave his whole head
something's gonna fix it up now cuz I
don't wanna shit was overhead that's not
as much stuff on it I want to make it
nice and just neat and keep yeah this is
just part of it you bought him a this
dancing dude farted
you nasty you farted huh you farted now
okay alright so he's gonna get a haircut
Ali gave a haircut so so long I'm just
gonna fix it up I'm not gonna do him a
mom said because mom wants me to shave
his whole head and I don't want I don't
want like his head toe because he's like
my he's my boo he's my life
he's my mind I wanna shave his own head
mom what's up guys I'm at the barbershop
right now I'm with the homie blood last
it was so he's got a heck I'm sorry for
Veda he's like if you guys do not know
that he's one of took us on something to
play him and hey Lou he was telling me
about this dope dope thing to celebrate
two million subscribers so you guys let
me know so since he's a pilot he can get
me to fly the plane so I'm scared well
boo mashallah with his like talent that
he has the problem I'm down to do it so
you guys let me know what how would it
be would it be like scarier nozzle
you go to the party Touche well I don't
know how to play I don't see how to do
it so he's gonna show me I'm gonna wait
and see so sad I don't believe we'll see
how it goes
Musudan is there he's quite right yeah
he's quite over really clean huh ready
get ball you won't get ball
cutting his hair ball what's gonna be
the vlog guys a hem is right or shall I
say yeah yeah this is what I gotta go
through man I feel like I have kids so I
do have people yes good job
Boston is doing good product we're gonna
get candy up gonna get a spanking
Josephine oh shit
nobody's always cry with this nice being
a big boy right you can oh he's deep
down he's so scared second space it was
so scared
good job good job
hey what's up I just met up with my dad
Hamza and Remo and varsity hi what's up
Ozzy going to know you're busy
I've missed him so much my dad missed me
so much that you beat me up at my
village
huh I wouldn't go to you then my dad
said he wants to go to Yemen he misses
Yemen he hasn't went there for a while I
have to go do it I go with you I go jet
ok cuz there Wi-Fi there that's it all I
mean is Wi-Fi no huh
I'll take it as soon upon all right I
love you so much take care
I love you guys I love you so much I
love ya but I will check for you my dad
is really angry about what happened
because of all the seshu wants me to
stay out of it everything so yeah
alright
I'm have to go get a talk for my mom and
dad I'll see you guys I'll see you guys
I got a mom with dad okay she's laughing
about it guys look every time sneeze
most of the copies me watches Sasha hey
hutch Hachi
hi bye noise we got a new haircut
finally and this is his final
hekawi I really don't like I don't know
why but I had to cut a little short for
my mom and I have to cut another what
are you doing boo naps and perhaps huh
dad your abs are your gloves don't get
beat up Adam how's that comes out times
da please don't please don't homes uh
please don't please a lot she restless
i'ma call you Gibby from freaking icarly
you gimme gimme
hi guys if you guys are out of hums eyes
actually gonna start either boxing or
Taekwondo or karate better because he
was to get rid of these right so I'm
gonna take him I'm gonna take him to
boxing or Taekwondo something not about
to come here let me show them I always
teach them us and remind everyone a box
so ready could you really have like a
comer difference yeah but just on your
block with your place is yeah
jimbacca no I think my said he's a crazy
Zorro okay guys I'm gonna end up like
here I hope you guys enjoyed if you did
make sure you give it a look I'm sorry
mom
everything that has a beginning it also
has an end Rima I'm sorry then anything
that is beginning has an end you know
what I'm gonna find me next time okay I
mean you're gonna have fight next time
okay huh
you want to fight me today we're gonna
have a boxing match next time you two
get a box okay we're gonna see who's
gonna what is it gonna be Rima wants to
get in the Mawson who he think is gonna
win so hope you guys enjoy just like we
did make sure you thumbs up say thumbs
up we go Turkey don't forget to vote
extra extra extra Turkey he's always out
of that make sure you guys know one make
sure you go up I want you guys to leave
comments below two of questions that I
should ask Rima and questions that Rima
should ask me because I'm gonna do a
little question answer tomorrow so hope
you guys enjoy it
other than that see you guys tomorrow
take care Russia out of families back uh
uh I'll see you guys soon I'm out to the
world sort of like a couple days take a
piece I love you so baby please be who
you wanna be
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be oh baby you
can have anything you want to me anyway
