a doobie gang before you guys watch the
vlog the tickets are now out for USA
tour tickets 2017 Canada tour meal on
Berlin Oslo Copenhagen and parcel ona
mixture house get your tickets the link
is down below now enjoy the vlog hey
guys what's up with dumi gang I hope you
are having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day the marathon is on
right now was on the other side the
marathon is the New York City Marathon
where everyone runs from like the bottom
of New York City to the top of New York
City and I'm trying to make it to the
big big basketball game right now but
this marathon is causing a lot a lot of
traffic so me and Yusef right here my
nephew say what's up as good as good
he's coming through today who's taking
the W yeah taking the W taking the W
knows in New York City all-star sneak on
we're taking the W I'm ready to be
honest I'm just ready and see how it
goes give me a fun fun game and it's a
really big hyped up games give me so
many people there and I feel like
everyone there's like like against me I
feel like everyone is part of the dream
crew but you know they're called dream
Co for a reason because you know they
dreamin about winning and stuff like
that so yeah it should be hit it should
be really a really fun entertaining game
you know we just want to give you guys
some entertainment some fun so hopefully
turns out great I'm running super late
I'm waiting just like oh man this thing
is taking so long but hopefully over is
there any fastest way you can go there
like 10 5 5 10 minutes thank you man you
too man
Adam just drop that camera and all pops
in there freaking bad luck go
Oh
you like you in the army bro
legs oh yeah I think I like the game is
ready go do this I'll be my ready room
oh yeah you are mighty TiVo : no putting
on my creases
that's way too the band's really bad you
know let's just say five kicks is going
to get crossover
going fun game readies hype the crowd is
like a stick yeah I'm going to see how
this hi guys leave some of the opposite
team but I love you love me too Rob
don't get battle to win oh I can't lose
but I cannot everybody down again the
first time sounds alright so no matter
what I still love you to remember I'm
sorry all-stars taking it over
Terrebonne cool baby I'm sorry but how
do I leave the New York City crew to go
to the cab map I told us but I don't
meet Adam II guess challenge to you
wanna like that is really fun holding a
phone that same if everyone watches so
again we won't see I will go scope
anybody do you think we're doing
I don't know that you guys name W thank
you bless you don't fucking like I gotta
say geez right like any prediction my
crews and Adobe today Michael take the
owl I'm a dunking on Mike today who is
this guy I'm talking on hill guys we're
here with the one and only Benjamin
kicks it without bar
how's business of booming booming baby
you know in it he's coaching the dream
crew team well you should have coach I
see you from New York City and ever like
that but you're gonna have to coach
don't EE now the LC man bro I'm sorry
but we don't take t-shirt today me the
first elbow they're taking the first
Thank You W take any first now bottom
like this warming up right now
alright man we got a whole town so New
York New York show us some love man
hello from New York
Oh
Oh
Hey
Oh
oh hey
myself of game as well how's it going
bro my baby without MPI yes
Oh
oh don't you worry buddy but it's a lot
of it let's just say I'm not gonna watch
it won't matter
wasn't murdered I repeat I watching
pizza man the coach as well let's go
baby
guys don't be a mess right here bro
seriously look I met him yesterday you
had back surgery but who tell me about
the vlogs make them happy never better
good man I love you going to mess things
up in the block yeah I love you both
you're the man bro I got you man I love
you Sarah
I love you both I love you here hey
what's up bitch smell it see smile bro
good good good I know you have people
but my sister's on McKenna done already
no no no the homie Ahmed right here
everyone's asking about Jersey by Mike
you got me the Jersey right there would
you get your bathroom I had in March
I was a van before but comes back
surgery everything is sad yeah so you
don't believe they put me up you know I
swear to god Amy's demos I'm walking my
mom my mom will even tell you the same
thing
hi guys okay I'm giving my Jersey
everyone in the back wants it we give it
so we have it because I'm gonna touch my
heart
anyone touching my heart baby touch my
Simon
make it up
I felt my glass hi shout out to Adam for
coming through baby even though it's
your home see me alone
Pablo Moore was killing it crazy second
I do bass any teams getting no rebounds
but let's kill that Mike the homie micro
you can tell me baby
we took a y'all play hella good fun game
was really forget you had eight rebounds
I had a lot of rebounds yo there's one
probably didn't film most of the game if
you guys don't see like the full footage
he's gonna have it right there how many
watches channel so you got to see it
fishy the link down below you see right
there this guy yeah of course boy I
gotta stop you gonna dine here like mind
a larger sorry you're gonna get in
trouble
see New York City New York City New York
City New York City it's always gave him
Jersey what's in it with all the pottery
on face on Hayes I'm gonna miss this
toast
what I like about red eyes with a black
joke it's just it's just him but I like
about the know like I don't wanna
picture that's want to talk with you
guys you guys are cool they told me some
nice words I appreciate you guys both no
matter bro
thank you guys with guys the homies came
to Minnesota man
I love you I love you sup guys I'm at
the your brother's right my box - right
here - private you know what it is he's
my coach man you know what it is hi guys
right now I'm here with Dalia and I got
a little story to share with you guys so
her boyfriend broke up with her because
she came to see me which is that that is
the bad boyfriend what the heck who that
does that
what's his name then what's it
no what's pregnancy fire so you if you
watching this here big hug and show them
this that show them that I okay
in your Facebook oh man you're gonna
you're gonna parties leave it boom I
love you watching boat you see if I he's
leaving back today but where's your
favorite guy she's the man watching I
love you but I'm in a very guys like
this leave it to the bait all that time
next time it comes to new year long
right now with the swag I was in school
all of them like how long ago like five
years five six years ago and they were
like this talk nothing like this bro
that's crazy mashallah book hope you
guys do anything right now boy you guys
don't go to school
you wanna sure that's good I'm the love
but one two three
thank you for believing is short and I
just got more short than me nothing
we took the dough hey I love you guys
thank you guys what sir okay do me Ganga
is time to wrap up this vlog I hope you
all enjoyed this walk if you did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey tickets or out in New York City
Toronto I believe they're sold out for
the VIP meet agree and everything and
the rest are almost sold out so make
sure you guys get your tickets I really
want like all of you guys all the rotted
rotted out dummies who want to get to
the show to get your tickets ASAP I am
choosing the five winners today buy my
Nancy and get tomorrow we're gonna get
shirts of the tour shirts that I'm
finally gonna be releasing other than
that today was an amazing amazing day we
finally took the W I have so many cities
I'm gonna be seeing you guys in so make
sure you guys get your tickets and I'll
see you guys then do me a take care her
purse I love you so baby please be who
you wanna be
I know your father will be prouder for
you
so don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna be oh baby you can have anything
you want from me
