oh are you talking to like that wanna
get shot don't want to get shot you want
to get shot motherfucker hey guys what's
up and do me yeah I hope you're having
an amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day I am in the Netherlands right
now like 10 minutes away from the city
in Amsterdam we're chilling out here and
it's really really cold but I'm loving
this weather this Netherlands whether
it's like it's like the real winter but
it's a good it's a good cold so I'm
heading out right now to go get medicine
there's no cars or nothing well this
cars but there's like no cars I can get
a taxi so have to walk to get medicine
for nos because Naz hurt his arm while
he was working out I do not know how but
he is still working out right now I
worked out with him he went out to the
boxing gym I wanted to go out and do
something touristy today that's why I
treaty you guys I want to do something
tour see it's like 3 o'clock right now
it gets dark in like an hour - I want
you to do something so bad but maybe
tomorrow we'll do something don't know
what I love about Amsterdam that there's
water literally everywhere there's like
a river or a lake like anywhere you go I
feel like there's more water than like
land like what the hell like I just
walked like two minutes and it's frickin
water and you guys are freaking lost I
don't know where it's no like shop or
like a corner store or something at
brother Medina was a store around here
sorry a store store school like to get
medicine anything your gun is reinforced
and this way yes which way straight how
many minutes to walk maybe two minutes
all right Thank You Man hey California I
think he got really angry and I said
Nick Alford yeah but it's all good this
is really weird walking alone in the
street so
the local streets of Amsterdam not a
touristy spot it's a local street of
Amsterdam and I chose this place around
here so I'm gonna show you guys the
place that I got that everyone hates
it's a really unique really unique spot
another thing I love about the
Netherlands is that people use bikes you
know they're not unhealthy like the
people in America they never use bikes
everyone here uses bikes guys where the
heck am I at right now yeah man or
something oh oh oh do me a look at this
car what the heck this is the freakin
car what the heck I can flip this thing
over I look it's moving what the free
guys there's some shady people right in
front of me right now
they look like they're selling some
illegal substances substances they
lookin at me right now they're looking
at me like I want we're don't look right
see it on the right there's everything
right did ya do you know how to go to a
place a corner shop a corner shop for
somewhere to get like drinking to do I
like medicine okay can I hop on oh shoot
the bike oh no sorry I don't know what
is awesome
go with you are you sure can you take me
there
shout out to this lady for taking me
I'll drag what you go yeah go the bike
over Jagger she's gonna take me I'm
completely lost
I do not know where I'm at I'm not from
here yeah I can see that you can see
that where does it look like I'm from I
think America
yeah from New York completely lost feel
like I'm running away from home with
some people looking at me like I'm an
alien
I found a shot I found it I do man I
found it yes kind of candies this
there's a fini fini Burger gum this fini
boom liquid what does fini mean wow
here's a cool candy this is good
Paulista all right all right how do you
get the medicine guys this is a freak
admission I just left the store because
they do not accept my card I need to go
a cash looking for an ATM machine I'm
just getting medicine and water that's
all I need and it's been like 20 30
minutes just looking all around man
excuse me you know with the ATM around
here
ATM machine I'm broke
I'll do it thank you
how you doing Sonic I'm psyched on that
I do my got me motivated
thank you so much what's up ATM machine
Ronnie hey I'm Ashley my friend yeah you
go straight ahead yeah you're on the bot
you got two ATMs - thing ok I can't let
you come here
thank you shout out to the man right
there I'm running to the ATM machine
I don't know it's a how do you to run
some under this bridge
where's the ATM okay Missy where's the
freaking eight here man
so Donna was 88 year machine no idea
cash machine cash
and less hot iron the halo drop
try to speak Dutch are you from here
yeah you know idiom
I don't know is a TIA I'm freaking lost
there's no in here like alone like one
person 15 minutes later I found an ATM
machine right here I'm gonna take out
the cash I'm lost I do not know where
the store is that so hopefully we tear
the cash and go to stuff
oh are you talking like that but I guess
you don't want to get shot you wanna get
shot motherfucker oh we gonna shoot boat
come over here come on we do something
bro come on come on via come on come
over yeah come on
guys I didn't do nothing wrong all I did
was I skip the line by accident I think
he started cursing me out in Dutch then
after I he's talking to me saying if I
want to get shot this dude is crazy man
he's insane
did you see what that guy did what was
he saying huh how the fuck are hot when
the what was he saying he's gonna shoot
me right yes what the hell do they have
guns Irina Dutch huh thank God Dutch
people have guns lots of gun water gun
let him know New York City we got you
nosey I don't we got some Nexus I'll
fight him even if I'm alone oh I don't
care take care of everything he was
telling me he has a gun so I got scared
I thought he really had a gun and after
I he pulled it up like this there was
nothing in there he was trying to scare
me and out scare me so what I did was
out scare him it makes him get scared
when someone's when someone's being
tough at you you got to be tough right
back at them because you can't let them
you know Punk you outta nothing like
that I don't know what he was telling me
in the beginning but he was cursing me
out in Dutch and I was like yo I don't
speak whatever you speak when he ended
up saying in English he's gonna shoot me
and I'm like what the hell this trip has
been insane literally highly me got the
medicine haven't got the water I do not
even have my phone to text anyone to say
what's up my phone I left my phone
charging Thank You Man
I got it in shook it out thank you so
much we needed to how can help I got it
at seven o'clock some guy was crazy man
why I skipped him in line I didn't know
then he was telling me to get shot he
was like want me to shoot you
some like what the hell and then he goes
like that hey hey Moses well you but the
way that he says his English is way lu
han is it zero but yeah we're glad she
is you know what am i doing I'm just
walking around trying to get you know
some attitude alone huh you're alone I'm
alone I'm alone in the city he's shocked
he's like oh my god yeah wow that's
great
like Alpine yoga yeah the California oh
yeah get me out mission accomplished I
got water juice and medicine for nos
it's freezing after a whole freakin
mission I do not know why all these bad
luck always happens to me all these
crazy arguments always have I feel like
I'm always a target to getting in
trouble and I try my best to like stay
away from it but it just comes back run
it to me
my plan was to do something touristy
today I ended up doing something local
something really local in the Dutch okay
it felt good you guys feel like feels
like I'm really living here for like a
good couple of hours all right guys
so me slim earlier and hatted we went
out to go look for the guy who tried to
pull out a gun on me because he got me
angry man he's he's trying to hurt me
herb in New York knees like he's kind of
like shut me down
yeah and we're from New York City man
you will back that shit so we cannot
accept looking all over him I did it
with my camera some brothers so you guys
can see on his blog oh we don't we see
me but we don't we see no I thought I
said it was crazy yeah we ran after it
was literally crazy I do not know why he
would even do that to me I was so scared
man like thing found scared if you
actually pull up like the imagine you
really had with him
yeah and he pulls out oh man like man I
got I thought for a second like this
what happened i'ma show you guys the
whole beginning of so he pulled out no
he escaped in a line I skipped him I
didn't know precious fuck touch then I
was like oh but I don't speak the
language on me you don't see me stupid
and I was like relax then I said relax
he was like he look he shot I was like
yo then he pussied is it I ran across
the street and I try to touch my phone I
don't have my phone he was laughing so
then he kept going like that then he
didn't pull out to shoot so I run I run
back and I pop the camera I'm like oh
shoot me now
shoot Isaac isn't magic just shake the
wrong hip and if you check the other hip
disaster
third of it a different story I wouldn't
know sir I love can i gossiped stop from
New York yeah I got some stuff I came
back to the film and I didn't find them
but it's all good maybe we'll see him
later all right the next couple days
he's gonna be a player so he's in the
wrong neighborhood he's in my
neighborhood I know you live in area but
it's my neighborhood now hey Cal Fanny
out Alice Wong what Dutch but right now
we're trying to rent a car because we
have to go somewhere like around an hour
or hour and a half away for a meeting
then after that we're back home
we NEET hi guys we just got home and we
had this long long meeting go so long
tiring but it was an amazing amazing
meeting if you guys do not know I'm
doing like a world world tour and I'm
starting with Europe I wanted to do
Amsterdam once again but the thing is I
had a choice either to do Amsterdam or
Berlin Germany so I had to choose Berlin
German because I wanted to give every
single one of you guys a chance
so Berlin Germany Barcelona Milan Italy
and damn Oslo Denmark Copenhagen then it
continues on to Indonesia Singapore
Malaysia I'm forgetting like the Mel
board and then Sydney then after that
again if you out even no-nos knows most
of it but anyways ever end the vlog here
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
hopefully tomorrow we'll do something
touristy because I want to do something
touristy in AMISOM now so we do it on
the toilet or
something tourists you guys when do
something I want to feel like I'm a
tourist in Netherlands I don't wanna
feel like a local boy in Netherlands
because today I felt like a local boy in
a gang in Netherlands but I feel like I
was terrorized today by the by that guy
you sure huh you want to get short I
feel like I know you know it's crazy I
felt like I was terrorized like I got
scared
I actually thought he's gonna shoot me
more but if I would've done it to him
would have been a whole different so I
would have been considered like a
terrorist but well he did he's a
terrorist for what he did to me he
terrorized me I'm still shaking til
today I was literally shaking cause I
really thought he's gonna shoot me then
after I found out he was just chance and
BS and I went up to him and I just he
just ended up leaving but the scary
thing is he's around the area where
we're saying he's literally
Oh literally he's through a chipper he's
around the area so we might see him
around in the next couple days if we do
we're gonna see how it goes
now see you guys tomorrow hope you guys
enjoy this vlog and give it a thumbs up
and go turkey take care of the beer pics
hey cow Fanny oh I love you baby please
be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you're gonna be oh
baby you can have anything you want to
me
