how much is a ticket huh 70 70 pounds
are you mad hey guys what's up and do me
yang I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
positive happy day today I have a really
long day I am heading to Amsterdam
because I have a couple meetings there
because I have a Europe tour coming and
like the end of this month then after
that is going to be the Australian and
the Indonesian Malaysian Singaporean
tour and then it's the UK tour and then
it's the USA tour but today I have the
head to Amsterdam but before I head to
Amsterdam I have to go to London first
and then meet up with Nas and everyone
else and then after that we're gonna go
to Amsterdam before I catch my flight
today
I need to go get a haircut go do a
little shopping and then pack and then
leave my flight is in like a couple
hours so I'm gonna head out right now to
go do a little shopping get a haircut
with my bike so I'll see you guys in the
next shot I am an urban outfitters right
not doing some fast fast shopping I
seriously do not know what to get I'm
just gonna get like a couple shirts a
couple pants and I'm ready to go I do me
again they have the same book they have
the freaking Z book oh my god this is
good this is its of keeping this of
getting this I'm reading on a plane I'm
reading this book on the plane this
isn't sick singing I'm getting your book
I never read books by Zayn I'm reading
your book in a plane and imma let you
guys know how it goes so this is what
I'm getting these two bandanas zaid's
both just shirt right here
regular black shirt regular white shirt
regular fancy gray sweater an adult
white Tupac long-sleeve shirt I'm done
and I'm ready to go pack and I'm ready
to head to the airport so before I go
pack on me to eat and I'm being
something a little healthy chicken
Caesar salad with some orange juice
running a little late
and after that I'm out with my wife
straight home this sucks really bad I'm
trying to take my wife with me to answer
damn but it doesn't want to come oh my
god baby to Big Ben I'm sorry
you can't come with me hi guys I'm
officially leaving right now to the
airport give me hope mmm ahh
these are the last moment the last
moments that I'm seeing I'm gonna miss
you okay
I'm heading out I'm gonna miss you guys
so much take care I'm going first I'm
going to London for three hours then I
go on to Amsterdam then to Germany and
then not even where I'm going but I'm
leaving yeah don't get a visit you're
gonna go soon screw you mustn't when I
carry my night was the hug cuz we was
hugging I'm gonna miss you guys so much
take care of be safe okay
alright FaceTime me when you can alright
you're fun me fun doesn't care he cares
about the fry muscle give you fun ha ha
guys I'm edited Airport so I'll see you
guys in the next homework I can't Hedy
all right now Romana okay is this a
visitor I live with my just right you
live with your family my family
tradition is twerking my family comes
from Yemen Turkey why they look too
Spanish he says he's nothing talking you
just say it's working right no read this
ticket I'm did okay I'm ahead I got to
see you guys in next shop alright guys
so I just got to the airport if you guys
notice have a little a little cream on
my lip because I got a cold sore almost
every single year and it's the most
annoying thing ever
cold sores are the most annoying thing
ever because it's just there on your
and it's just so nasty and so disgusting
so please do not stare at it so I'm
heading to go get some Cologne
then I'm going to go to London then
after that I'm gonna meet up with Nas
and slim means some are not taking the
same flight because he booked his flight
really late that he ended up taking a
different flight so I'm gonna meet him
in London and you guys need to stop
staring over here stop looking there
hello there but it was good
hey good swag that what I do about it do
me a
I've just got to London Naz is so sweet
you got me breakfast already
look he's such a nice wife oh he got me
breakfast he's so acutely allowed to go
get slim then after that we headed to
ask them your customs are crazy well I'm
suppose it did that you yeah your
cousins are crazy like they hate me they
hate Americans now I feel like ever
since Trump became president is just
because you've become a whole different
leg I don't know hold them line she come
in a lot so many times so they keep
asking me what do you like what the
hell's going on it's all good I don't
have my breakfast I'll see you guys the
next step guess what's liver salad
finally showed up
here's himself was nice an alien is not
his first time here and he doesn't know
what's in an ER almost laid it over here
it feels different right it feels really
weird he I don't know just if it's weird
me in the UK but we're heading to
Amsterdam in like an hour
but waiting for the food to come we're
coloring here have a very Perry I love
Christmas pretty bad and it's now good
eye color geez yeah have a very Merry
Christmas like I can get it curry sauce
naturally want a pair your soul you're
so we've seen you guys in you care yeah
bottom well it's my first stuff still
feels weird okay go to UK
Nando's right how is binghams like it
yeah good alright guys so I have to
leave Nando's because there's a guy
who's about to give a ticket to Naz his
car right now
so I'm gonna go over there right now and
mess with him now I'm speaking a British
accent and be like oh you met Pam why
are you giving my car ticket mate that's
my comic sorry
don't why they take him it mate hey I'm
not you loves snow away photos it's a
loading bay huh it's a loading bay I'm
going outside by go okay mate don't be
mad farm okay no don't be mad fun okay
don't don't wait until me I can't be
okay don't anything how much is it
ticket huh
seventy seventy pounds are you mad farm
oh you man seventy pounds that's how
much I'm making a week I'm filming
myself mate would you do me a favor mate
would you not give me a ticket I need to
go get an osprey Lucas building like
mass doesn't want to go he wants him to
ride to ticket now go get your car I'm
Ian under another bus he's like year
just give it as a 70 pound team he's
saying yeah let him get to get he's
giving it anyways oh man this is crazy
it's coming to ten minutes that okay in
it ten minutes pretty please pretty
please with a cherry on top
oh he's writing a ticket you know what
it's okay writing a ticket make innit
bruv yeah yeah yeah I'll see you Mike hi
guys I'm done eating my Nando's I'm
about to go to the car throw right now
hopefully we don't get a ticket he's
still there I beg your please I beg you
please but please do I'm a ticket it's
not I have six kids for a minute oh
they're all buffeting
buhbuh
let's talk about this and have some
shisha me huh let's talk about does it
have some sheesh let's go have some
shisha some iron blue xuxa gummy bear
white gummy white peach mint lemon mint
huh rum is writing me a ticket on I have
kids to feed
I'll kid to feed fam in it bro
need to call my boyfriend I'm gonna call
my boyfriend on you big he's writing
your ticket babe make telling something
I'm glad I'm leaving right now they
talking something why are you giving a
particular form oh there's his voice or
rikugien killing it but yeah we're
getting a ticket I'm ruff ruff help me
out man help me out man damn yeah can
you spare me 17 counts not know so now
it's just got a ticket but it's okay
stroma fem he has around it's pretty
like 10 tickets over how do you get the
police is about to give me a ticket cuz
I kept like going crazy I am but hey
what's up with you might give me any
tickets laziness
students crazy sponsors the sponsor but
what's it called the Metropolitan Police
Oh baby you can have anything you want
for me and I can't replace him the baby
I tried man no yes it was some are at
your destination this is the coolest
taxi driver in London UK run oh thank
you so much love go ahead and appreciate
man thank you so much hi guys we're at
the airport right now we're gonna head
to answer them I forgot to tell you guys
that I read this whole book I've heard
the holes around 300 pages I've read the
whole book and it's one of the most
inspirational books ever and I'm not
even joking because Zayn why don't you
believe in read this whole thing I swear
on my life and every book so I read the
whole thing here like I'll give you guys
a little summary what's about so he
mentions facts and everything no no he
mentions Alaba as some in this like he
read the Koran three times he Allah he
used to go to the message every weekend
his mom converted to Islam because of
his dad he mentioned why he came up how
he came up with like all his lyrics some
of them are crazy like some of them when
he came up the lyrics of the song before
he came up with her he was at a party
just hanging out and he said something
to his producer and then switch this was
like wait that'll be a good song come
down so it's really inspirational he was
he was writing about like a lot of you
about his inspiration so hopefully if I
write a book
he'll be in my book as an inspiration
because I look up to him and he's like
not seriously like if it made him read
he definitely saw him yeah like like how
he handles situations how he handles his
problems is seriously so inspirational
and he's a humble home I'm a real fan my
father's ring are a few ribbons
I'm a real I'm a real Zane fan this is
it I'm rapping with the vlog here I hope
you guys enjoyed it if you did and you
made it to the end this vlog make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so much for loving
support I'll see you guys tomorrow do me
a take care her pitch
hello
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be
so don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna be Oh baby you can have anything
you want to me
