right now you gotta go hey guys what's
up and do me yeah I hope you're having
an amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day breaking news the hospital
just called my mom and they told my mom
that I need to go to the hospital right
now I do not know why but I'm so scared
and I'm so worried and yesterday I was
at the hospital but I didn't want to
vlog era nothing like that cuz I didn't
wanna make it seem like two guys like oh
my god guys I'm sick feel bad for me
guys I'm sick I just I don't know I just
feel like it's weird but I regret it cuz
I should have told you guys because like
like your dad's or what means the most
your prayers are what means the most so
I should have I should have said it so
I'm so sorry I should have you know took
you guys with me toss but I was just in
a scary moment right now I'm gonna scare
mama - I wouldn't flag while being
hospital right now because I'm scared
but my take you guys with me so
hopefully it's good news I am here once
again at the doctor's office and I'm
really really nervous because they're
going to tell me something but shall I
everything goes great and just I've
never been this scared in my life
because they told me that they need to
tell me something
so I'm like really really worried
hopefully is nothing often bad as I'm
like down wait I'm literally inpatient
right now I'm a patient guy but I'm a
patient I'm not good
I've been here for like 10 20 minutes
I'm like literally waiting just I got
anxiety right now still waiting but it's
been another like 30 minutes right now
and I was like - one of the first times
I'm in the hospital without my mom
usually mom's always with me and she's
really embarrassing she was crazy
she says the weirdest things ever but
I'm alone and it makes me more worried
but I got I got to some strong I'm
strong to me again doing a few guys I
play strong for you guys so let's see
how it all goes
but doctor were you back close friend of
mine a zone and exhaust a cough syrup so
I'm gonna either have to get a pump or a
pill and I'm gonna try the pill first
then after that if it doesn't work I'm
gonna get the pump and I should be there
soon thank you thank ya I am at the
pharmacy right now getting my medicine
and I'm so glad I'm getting pills and no
like pump because the pump I mean it's
scary for him for my mom not from his
mom starts bugging out like oh my god oh
my god he got the pump no it's just
she's just overreacting everything's I'm
so glad everything is good I have did
that and it's just I'm just chill there
just try to give me a choice to get the
pump or the pill no I was like I'll just
get the pill yeah he shot a cynic he
just open the door for me he didn't know
he had no clue I was and I was having
trouble when I hit me bro thank you so
much I appreciate your nice Drive oh
thank you I am good I am fine everything
is completely fine I'm so so happy I was
just so worried because they were like
come through and when someone tells you
come now like to a doctor like you
obviously get these thoughts through
your head like what the heck is going on
but it was just asking me if I want to
be on the pill or if I want to go on the
pump and I asked to be on the pill and
the pill is like a steroid they were
telling me is like a steroid but it's
not like those steroids were like I give
you muscles this steroid it's like a
medicine store so you could pretty much
say I'm on steroids right here and I got
some cough medicine and what I pretty
much had was a post infection
something I post at a chest infection
and that was the post infection
something so I don't know what's up with
these big words but all I know is I'm
fine have the let and I'm good and I'm
ready to go on through my day is just
that I had a really bad call from the
coffee's annoying affected my chest and
the chest affected my whole body having
like a whole headache I'm getting ahead
to Brooklyn with my electric bike I'm
headed to Brooklyn with my electric bike
I got these ankle bracelets because I'm
playing basketball today and sneaker con
is gonna be November 6 and I have a big
basketball game and he's looking at me
because it's weird for him when he sees
me vlogging I'm not joking hurt is it
weird when you see see me like talking
you like it come on man
how do I look like stupid when I've like
let's cool thank you me he sounded cool
usually people say I look super because
I'm talking to a camera but they don't
know I'm talking to do me gang to
hundreds and thousands of you guys so
right yeah both of my ankles are hurt so
I got to ankle braces and I'm heading to
a Playboy because November 6 sneaker con
is a big game and I need to keep my
ankles good because if it's bad then I'm
done like literally done okay do me yank
so what you guys are about to watch
right now is a man who abused his dog I
was riding my electric bike and I seen
this guy arguing with two people these
two people were telling him hey you need
to stop doing that that's not right and
I was wondering I stopped so cuz I'm
nosy so I stopped to see what's going on
and then after that I heard the guy say
I'm gonna do it again and he kicked his
dog's face he stomped on his dog and his
dog was barking like crime then I pulled
out my camera and this is what happened
so yeah okay yeah
yeah kick this page one
Oh kick dogs bone don't hate dogs what
would you pay for the dog when he like
this okay for what
don't kick the dog don't kick the dog
though don't kick the dog bro that's my
dog I'm not I don't mind - the dog
though it's not though why do you keep
that going why'd you eat it don't hit
the dog lovers at Ball State for legal
hold : why are y'all like this so what
this is I got a page listen I know both
reproving photo because I yo listen II
don't know okay listen you don't know
how to keep it Alissa give a little game
y'all me on a measure this is assault
right now you got so you go to the door
you kick I came on well I bear on the
doors it's a battle listen I love this
door are you doing little girl yo why
you like my mail good y'all that's a dog
you're a human
yeah and different at some point that's
enough so you gonna kick your dog okay
let me tell you something yo get off me
I better get awesome your back I'm not
gonna do nothing I'm just telling you
girl I got pussy I get off of me no
nigga yo yo going away with that dog I'm
not gonna win it back right great great
everybody who knows me
great good don't try to run don't you
I gotta run I'm not running I'm staying
right here stay right here I get a cop
great video hurt yeah
please dude just kick his freakin dog
little I'll be right here oh I'm running
that's what you guys are gonna outpull
yeah oh man right there kicking my dog
boy if it's your boy yeah the kid you'll
kick a joke exactly but he's not no kid
negative those we know a lot of his dogs
like that
fuck yeah you get or does your jerk-off
ain't fucking Italian Oh fake fucking
fuck man yo you're right
you will put your hand on nobody else
but right now just okay you guys
wouldn't even touch it
how about that it's over the head about
having us in another one copy rather
badly revving go get him good grab him
go where's the killer get off of me take
it away y'all old - ain't nobody taking
my dog I've won pickies don't you dare
you kick your doors oh it's my dog I
mean you're not supposed to kick it like
that are you yeah you know why because I
got going to three of you alongside
everybody trying to come at me cuz of my
door okay I got everybody problems on
the
why go don't go no why you touch it I
know you work around here don't worry
this is not over
trust me no you ain't gotta fear me
threatening out yo right near my camera
you threaten our he already touched me
all right yeah already I don't yo are
you committed a crime by touching it go
I did yes you did
okay that's animal abuse all right and
if I smack your camera well you're not
gonna smack my camera
you're not gonna smack none of my camera
broke you're not gonna smack none of my
camera don't try to leave yellow
Cheerilee Cheerilee hey don't leave only
I'm not gonna touch it swing fuck come
on
what I got a little sneaker don't matter
I got awesome right now you're now
you're trying it now you try I just got
sick in the head room to make a
difference I remember I don't forget
faces you know you knew who I can tell
you what do you I'm here and me yeah
we'll just read me when you just read me
right are you go why listen I just
explained that why one two three
ever like to go but you don't wanna know
let go no wrong those hands onto a door
you'll take a farmboy more on you you
got a new shit y'all listen you're
walking dog I'll do whatever man no I do
whatever it'll work like that over here
I understand you were concerned about
the gold
hi that's my mom okay I don't care what
you said I've seen a person getting beat
I'd act the same way I don't care - I'm
calling the cops
well he did was nasty literally nasty I
I cannot believe I didn't count I didn't
catch it on tape cuz I caught them
arguing first and then I was looking at
why were they arguing that I don't know
why he just kicks the dog stomps on it
kicked like it's like it's a freaking
ball the police are here right now so
let's see how it goes
no you have to vote for class here you
know
okay though okay he'd even want you I
always keep a go it's better I think a
little bit Africa yes made up King and
that's not the kind of Afghanistan after
things like we've seen him kick him
already yeah and I don't know if you've
seen him before are you hard kicks if I
had this dog you guys wouldn't even be
talking to me yeah but why would you
kick it and hit it like that stop on it
man do you know the dog was look at this
do you know if the dog well you don't
have to kick it yo you know Africa gives
listen my man I've been doing this for
years
this dog has a habit of licking fist I
think I'm you don't kick it well you
don't you don't tell me what to do teach
you the right way I've been chief sorry
but I messed up you're gonna kick it on
this city there I don't know he's doing
he knows like he's taking care beds or
look it up it's not an elephant this is
a difference are you gonna kick it yo at
the end of the day if you don't have the
camera I'll kick you you'll kick me
so do it let's see it the cameras down
is it yeah because he's been licking
this he has a bad habit of look at this
he can't do that we can't do that I
don't care I've been telling them that
so the guy that used a dog ended up
getting arrested because he abused his
dog in a really really bad man I was one
of the way that says a lot of you other
witnesses
you guys can anyone could cuz I'm some
new law they're gonna call it item you
snitch on him Wow but anyone who hits a
dog like that the way I've seen it was
literally insane and it was it's not
it's not something cool it's not cool if
he can hit his own dog in public like
that and imagine how he can hit his dog
in private which is really really messed
up I wish I could have shown you guys
how he hit the freaking dog but I took
out my camera after he hit though
because I didn't know he's gonna hit his
own dog he hit it really hard like this
pretty much i'ma show you got his logs
right there he kicked it straight up in
the face and then stomped on it like
it's a freaking doll so I'm so glad that
hopefully they take his a dog away from
him and give it to a new owner what's up
so I just met up with the homies my
doing what cos hey what's up so it was
good making me wait how long is a
character I'm terrible let me tell the
story sweet
someone's an Arab you're ten missions
I'm gonna use a dog so like I had to
wait the cops came and told us our each
other a Cisco he don't believe but he
was seeing a vlog well conscience about
the drive that likes you right it's not
as easy as it looks
so unanswered like it's not as easy out
like this I'm a massive fissure sealing
your hesitate about
you're trembling and he was like that
you watch this show he's talking pop oh
boy
we sell but we're going to this
restaurant the tailor him in my nose
anus the good thing about you guys you
guys know all the dope restaurants so
slim lives in Brooklyn and I live in
Manhattan and I came with the lecture
bike he's come over car this is the
reason why I got the look who finally
came how long 2 hours and 35 minutes
hey doesn't huh shoulda took the plane
here that's aloneness - Maurice over
here here yes he find his putz
well I just like somebody told me about
on a Facebook I came out with a best
burger value look i'ma try it i'ma see
you what gas is over-exaggerating or
dope homey Stata Adam but you always
have a good food that I'm not like yeah
baby
bigger oh my god really this amazing hi
guys we just got to the basketball
courts us five me will cast my moon slim
and Khalid and why one of the most the
bestest basketball courts
I believe indirect senior only real you
have to be nice to play it if you come
here now not some playing you better
leave cuz you got to be nice this is
like the dopest I like the view of the
city right there beautiful what a
beautiful interview and you have to
represent your exterior what's up well
we'll have to play these these Afghan
boys right there so I was gonna be a
little 505 505 say what's up oh you guys
ready for tonight yeah we're ready
you got your five huh you got your fine
if you got a fire going doing it what's
up what's up man - winwaker i found my
2011 okay so whenever like i'm sick he's
gonna die actually sick so he's gonna
take over fiala take over those k+ give
you a nice 505 no 5 vs. 5 we just met
them they're cool so go see what's up
unless you know so I don't know if you
guys can see me but I had a crazy
amazing basketball game shout out said
Afghanistan you homies I'll play this
you guys you guys so
I'm heading back home this is the
Brooklyn Bridge but how amazing this
view is
what an amazing view it's beautiful
highways down there Brooklyn is over
there and it's it even hand over there
please is down there stop all the way
down there
Adam Sala Daly I'm gonna be stalking you
guys on Instagram and I'm following you
guys so you guys are seriously the
sweetest Adam Sylar updates I'm gonna
stay updated with you on my timeline so
what's up vlog skrt skrt I'm following
y'all finally you guys what's up I'm
gonna be following a lot more of you
guys on Instagram and on Twitter so just
tweet me or comment in any picture and
I'll do it daily so thank you guys so
much feelings for it truly means
everything thank you guys so so much
okay do me anga it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoyed the
vibe did make sure you give a thumbs up
and go Turkey thank you guys so much for
making it to the end of life you didn't
make it tonight in the vlog give it a
thumbs up I wanna see how much you guys
always make it to the end of the vlog I
rotted I do Me's thank you guys so so
much today was just a really weird day
like was just a weird weird they
catching that guy and just like getting
sick and go to the hospital but it was a
fun day overall so hope you guys enjoyed
today with me and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
adieu me yang take care and peace
I love you so baby please be who you
wanna be
I know your father
gonna be so don't let anybody tell you
what you gonna be
Oh baby you can have anything you want
amazing
