hey guys what's up a new beginning I
hope you are having amazing it because
I'm having an amazing me so I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy they do me getting the
vlog is up really really late they look
you guys can see right and I see this
microphone right here
I bought this microphone from Dubai for
like $200 and it doesn't freaking work
half my blog was you literally have and
it gets me so so angry because I haven't
missed a day I have it like it's been
the last time I miss today was 2016 and
I'm not planning on missing a day today
I've been through so much my freaking
finger my whole hand and everything
still hurts but this microphone that I
bought from I don't know what kind of
all into life I don't know city center
or something like that it didn't work I
didn't know if it's working right now
but pretty much messed up my whole vlog
and like it got me really really angry
but the good thing is like the rest of
the vlog is still the microphone on and
it's still gonna be a little vlog so
right now I have to start the vlog all
lowers really late you guys do not
understand what I've been through like I
was outside editing and then like the
whole freaking and I found that the
microphone was working speaking of face
rug with a Yousef and it got me so so
angry but do me a enjoy the vlog um yeah
thumbs up subscribe there's gonna be a
little vlog enjoy it and I'll see you
guys in the end of the lot cuz I'm and
Alexia Thank You Missy my gmail amen Hey
look at the rice Smita a our big food
right there hey guys
how you doing this is crazy this is huge
Highline it's not looking you know
ignore me now hallo hallo hi how are you
gentle
are you feeling out no no this is the
first time ever nas is about to go and
go to the white tiger guys I'm attempt
of log with it next to me here hi tiger
come on tiger
look white tiger wait Saget oh wait how
you doing you okay look here I take
another listen I'm not here what you
take it okay oh my god she wasn't once I
go oh my god I'm left alone in the cage
what if we can take you tell you hey
tiger I don't wanna move hey he's chill
yo I'm chilling with a tiger the cage
I'm inside a cage where to take it
hey come here come here I'm brave not
guys thumbs up thumbs up but do me in I
like you you're amazing and you're
beautiful it's beautiful
Wow why I'm believed enough how do I go
is it gonna follow me or no she might I
love you so hurry you imagine like
living here and like walking home at
night and like just chillin like I don't
know like we do you trust the animals
what if like an animal would like an
animal at nighttime just comes out of
nowhere and like all security make sure
you know you have to make sure what's up
yo what's up brother the man who always
shows up I do bro each other to make
sure okay what I do
damn ready and we'll be nice
you'd be nice to me come on let's go
this is a shit right there oh oh my
goodness oh my god
right then I don't really play fifa but
I should just kick everyone's butt right
now it's crazy how chilling play video
games I don't have a license no way I
swear to God I'm getting a sooner I say
that every single I'm weird do buy more
right now but have some money cakes
milkshake running late one thing I
noticed about my vlogs is that he's
always late like me will show places let
you're like me I'm late literally to
everywhere and they hate that so Middle
Eastern blood I know man I know it's
just it's just Middle Eastern timing you
know everyone is already there but will
show up there we'll see how it goes
that's the end of next hour have you
uploaded the vlog where I asked for a
white
oh no it's fucking me up today though I
went to sleep three hours you're gonna
go some applica three hours guys only
Dubai Mall they have a taxi
do me again it is time to end this vibe
hope you guys enjoy this bike if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey Searcy has been an amazing
amazing time in Dubai tomorrow's gonna
be a wild wild a huge shout out to
everyone in Dubai is here so you guys
have been showing so much love I love
you guys I appreciate every single one
you guys and I really hope the mic is
even working right now man freak it
seemed better freaking work man I hope
was working I really hope because if
it's not I'm getting a so so angry but I
don't know how I might get another new
mic tomorrow or I might not even use a
mic am I even used to regular camera mic
because it's kind of risky I'm actually
doing a vlog and then you vlog in like
good footage and stuff you have and I
don't know where it is just like you
don't hear nothing it's like it sucks is
a really bad feel it never really
happened to me so it's a really really
bad feeling and I keep telling you guys
the amount of bad luck that I freaking
have and this is why I need to read a
clicker see when I wake up and
everything it just gets me in like a
really bad mood I never wanted to upload
replying this late but I do me any I
know you guys always show so much love I
know you guys always show so much
support thank you guys so much
still thumbs up this vlog and do me
again still leave a comment below I know
it's all day I'm gonna still upload a
vlog tomorrow I've seen am ksi he pretty
much mentioned my name in his video he
also mentioned pussy to exam his video I
mean you suffer like oh good I don't
know but they pretty much you call this
out all I seen it was like tweets and
everything I've seen a little clip on
Twitter but I'll react to tomorrow do me
getting appreciating when you guys I
hope you guys enjoy the vlog subscribe
do not forget to put your notifications
on I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care oh I like
