this is me okay I said listen let me
talk oh it doesn't let me sleep hey guys
what's up ado me yang I hope you're
having an amazing day because Mawson
just had an amazing sleep so Mawson just
had an amazing sleep you all should be
having an amazing sleep and an amazing
day he's like lost right I just woke up
you okay
did you know you sleep why are you
talking to me why you're whispering I'm
gonna miss you so much yeah I'm gonna
miss you
you know misters do so much man I don't
want to leave him but I have to leave
him tomorrow night
what would mustn't ever do if I'm crying
usually when Rima was younger she would
tell me to stop crying most anybody
would even care let me try he's like you
laugh at me I don't want to leave you I
would make sure you're still in vlogs
alright guys I'll make sure he's still
gonna be in lies I'm gonna try to vlog a
lot from today until I leave so I can
cut little bits and put it while I'm
like traveling and stuff like that so
hopefully turns out great give him a
kiss don't be shy yeah don't be shy I
love you to the bottom my heart
mwah be amazing okay I'm gonna head out
right now with my wife with the bike and
I'ma show you guys another journey
today's Monday's which there should be a
lot of traffic so expect some crazy
crazy traffic I'll see you guys in the
next shot and after that I'm gonna take
out Mawson and I'm gonna take out Rima
so it's gonna be a nice little fun day
yes yes I don't know why he's talking to
me like a whisper way what happened huh
oh he knows that I'm going outside he
knows that he's not going outside till
later
oh my god okay go let's go this is me
yeah I said let's say let me talk he
doesn't let me speak let me see
I'm gonna go outside first and then
you're gonna go outside when Reema comes
back from school okay when Reema when we
ma he doesn't let me speak okay
when Reema comes back look at that face
stays I'm sorry but you got away - Reema
comes you have to wait to me this is
what I go through
he cries it makes me feel bad look he
doesn't stop he doesn't stop I'm sorry
I'm sorry
it's like we're having a fight and
wasn't please no stop
imma cried to her fight
Oh
he keeps crying I can feel bad watch
he's gonna cry look we're gonna wait to
Remo comes they're gonna go together
okay I'm gonna play we're gonna go
together
gender take the ticket I'm trying to
make him laugh he cries cuz he knows
when he cries I'm gonna be weak hearted
and I'm just gonna let him out but I
can't have to wait - Reema comes
remember doesn't come to look a few
hours
everyone will get mad at me if I take
him out alone so I got away three virgos
so I'm using that time to take out with
the bike that comment with you okay okay
no no more fighting not meeting over
wasn't please don't not his fake hunt
now your fake punch what's up Carly look
here he's a squirrel run he's fake
crying Rena you speak honey we're gonna
wait - Reema goes okay okay I love
because this is why I'm not gonna have
any kids I want to have 13 kids but then
I'm not gonna have no kids cuz you new
new new oh oh and I got a fight
mine was the fight oh you know fight
yeah this course funny
I'm gonna show you guys my journey and
I'll see you guys in the next shot I
don't know if you guys can hear me right
now
but it's about to get crazy traffic
right now Oh
Oh truck is in check
was good even he was good yeah yeah I
got it shows you and I seen the thing I
would suppose all right
oh you're drunk crazy that broke MA
thanks but I got so much other shit you
got so mad good what's not about he's a
couple of million I'm starvin boy you
hungry good I put on my spider-man ski
mask
I'll get me a ride on my bike like this
right now cuz it's getting a little
chilly and I'm loving it look so you
know I'm low-key no one can know one
could know who I am like this or can you
I don't I don't know mama take a ride
like this and see how it goes
no Adam
I just want like a 30-second ride I do
not know how people still know it's me
like this maybe because of my bike or
maybe because I don't know man next time
I will put on a Batman mask maybe no one
will know how I look how Hey
hi guys so meanwhile cos have been
waiting for slims like a good hour we
found him in a sneaker store no you're
gonna freak you tell us he didn't tell
us two minutes he did really no I think
I just caught and he's gonna spend like
$400 on these sneakers I he's such a
high defense I'm gonna hide these
volunteers and wavery Sir Malcolm at
work but it will it called Forza so
critical for would never go for is it
yeah the whole group or the great
another green yeah you know the highest
retail Jordan's though I'd be slim out
here you know I'm a high P so I had to
get yeah let's just say these are the
color these are the color of Slim's poop
you know azalea you'll get imagine head
bro that was good yeah hello hi guys so
I had this burger spots a lamb burger
spot and it has some bangin burgers
usually what causes one that shows it on
food but today imma show him around put
em on new so you guys got to tell me how
it tastes hot surprise how does it
provide fun nice he's a hard-ass
critique ever useful to be honest right
yes they gave me like bad and go was so
good
so how was it like a viable market the
crazy thing is this place is called
honest burgers honest hell out very
gives your first bite oh you too money
won't get away he passed a test that
says you owe money guy let me know great
no good for get really good often I'm
having a date alone allowing everybody
to get mine you ready oh I gotta try my
little monster so I take out tomatoes
and I take out pickles thumbs up if you
take out pickles in your burgers I
always take up him so as I said I'm
going to take muffin and Rima out there
on their way to Chuck E Cheese
I'm with hums inhaler right now about to
just having a little fun time with a
party that is getting Oh howdy she's 11
years old man
never evil people bet about you if you
yeah how's that go ahead
how does that and sort of play the ball
after that beat it how's that even with
a hurry drew we can go right now and
hopefully you're redeems himself come on
slim okay once the one
let's go boy I'll be in the first place
Joe what the siblings are gonna go she
beats you got a leap second cheese comes
no shita how do you want I don't want I
don't work ha ha
they're playing another game and Hackl
is winning she's not winning bye guys
what Cass has not met Martin so we're
gonna get mauston right now
some of your cars
are you happy now yeah hello wow she's
gonna go to sleep he loves Rima you
don't he don't care about no one will
come to save the day
Chrissy I'm surprised well usually you
don't care about no Malloy well is he
okay go but she's so cute
however my social laws the way so let me
buy you okay alright guys so I pay this
goes to call this little bowling game
and talk to the ball got stuck in here
so I'm going to take it first stop
that's we're in reasonable to the okay
I'm gonna you're wrong
no Chucky be getting mad love ya
three long I mean longer so we left
chucky cheese and we got to this dessert
spot this is like a vlog filled with
food but I am hungry and I a lot of
dessert one of my favorite dessert is
Nutella craps
I love Nutella crops they taste so so
good look like crap crap out the front
finally Scott know I got to travel all
the time
so what house got dessert what a finish
in a fishbowl would be the biggest one
oh it's not got a fish ball what this is
where fish belong you're invading the
things house all digging it
I got me some Nutella crap right here
looks so good Nutella crap what is he
like up bro idiot it's not crap whoa
crap soon as I give you some my father
let's see dad yeah how who's that who's
holding you
uh-huh is he holding you no who's he
holding not a lot
what was his hat huh what was that what
picture it looks like in the middle like
your Nealon guys this is my grandpa you
know Adam Austin yeah yeah
Adam is me he's Muhsin yeah yeah and
then his father saw the head is all
right yeah how old was he when you over
there one be eight huh none be eight he
was 98 years old over here yeah me
serious mashallah mashallah Wow he's 98
years old here so how long ago was the
picture this picture was 40 years ago
he pressed that honey about teaching my
dad would take me to do that go was mean
he looks like you a lot
that's my grandpa I've never met him I
wanna be - understood assuming I am with
our Imam spending most of my day with
the family don't do that because I'm
trying to keep it a secret don't do that
just hit guys me and Rima did a crazy
challenge you guys probably know what it
is they'll do nothing what right that
we've hit we did a crazy challenge
that's gonna be up tomorrow since I'm
traveling tomorrow we're gonna have a
crazy crazy challenge I never do I never
know I would do this you guys have to
see how this ended up it was wild it was
crazy it was insane it was probably the
craziest challenge that me and Rima have
ever done in history we'll see you guys
tomorrow
I hope you guys enjoyed it like we did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey thank you guys so much for level
support it truly means the world I'll
see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace I love you I love
you I love you love you so baby please
be who you want
I know you're gonna be don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything
mmm
