do me a house my hand there what
hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing day that's what he said I
think it's what he said right now imma
take you guys out with my bike and I'm
gonna show you guys the journey I
finally got my GoPro and I finally got
the trust it's a little chest thing is
gonna be right here it's Sunday so
there's not much traffic but so gonna be
a dope dope journey I'm heading to Times
Square right now it should be fun so you
gonna see how it goes you ready I'm so
excited to you guys show you you're not
coming with me
give me the coins why you holding close
no yeah he holds coins and he eats them
you can't bag he's so strong give me the
coin you're not allowed to touch coins
okay give me kiss ah you me kiss ah you
lick to you act
so I just made it to Times Square took
me around eight minutes to come with my
baby right here in Times Square shell
this is a new thing over here it's like
a mirror I don't know but it
it's like a huge they always have new
buildings in Times Square's I like what
look but what tag this is a mirror
bottom you guys this is not happy city
so what's up what's up
do me a house my hand there what was it
is murder
I left my bike here like a good 30
seconds you got to be careful New York
City there's a lot of people who steal
bikes someone stole my bike before when
I was like eight nine years old and I
never owned a bike until that till now
guys you know it's crazy all these
spider-man people like what you know
Heidi Jesus my despite this fight
overhead I'm the real I'm gonna real
Slater Oh obvious I'm getting attacked
that's two spider in the middle of
nowhere but all these people weren't
attacking right now Elmo
everyone I ain't trying to get attacked
I'm out
okay do me gang so I got a little
surprise for you guys I did this maybe a
couple years ago I got a hat with like a
doobies on it this time I'm gonna get a
hat that says do me gang a black plain
one for you guys so I'm going to give it
away to you guys it has to be a rider
die but do me so I got to do is give
this vlog and thumbs up and leave a
comment below and at the end of the
comment leave your Twitter so I can know
how to contact so leave a comment why
you should win thumbs up and your
Twitter so I'll bring you guys in we're
gonna see how it goes
do me gag I finally done look at the Hat
right here this is a regular one of my
favorite black caps is just like this
but this one has a duma gang on it i
never sell merch I am gonna start
selling merch and this might be
something similar to it but this is the
super duper like all my merch is gonna
be exclusive but this is get this is
super duper ooper exclusive and I want
to give it to one of you guys and I'm
gonna get one for me tomorrow so we can
have the same hat so I cannot wait to
read your comments and give it all you
got
what's up guys I'm at Hamzah's house
right now I got a little package and
we're gonna open it up for you guys
right here you have any guesses what it
is a lot of curse diseases well hope it
gets the right they get a prize a jacket
okay he says jacket what's your guess I
think huh
hard clothing but I'm saloon how mrs.
jacket he says clothing which is the
same thing as jacket what are you gonna
say oh I think it's a hot BAM a hard
belt a belt okay so let's open it up and
let's see what if no one's right
oh you guys are wrong please it is a
book bag I'm not told you guys I wanted
to get a book bag I ended up getting one
our line is that his best words it's
like a I don't know I always eat a book
because I carry mine
I carry my electric bike charger and
sneakers and I carry a book like most of
the time now so I got this one oh these
are so expensive obviously you all got
it wrong because this one it's also got
a ski mask so it gets cold when I use
the electric bike and let me see how I
say that's game oh oh ski mask that
looks like spider-man so it's pretty
much yeah yeah soft I got gloves because
when it gets cold while I'm riding the
electric bike I'm gonna be using some
gloves I think this is go looks like has
money coming up from there look right
there
look this is coy like it that's pretty
much what I got I look like a spider-man
heels on a guy in Tomsk where it takes
pictures this fight despite of a few the
funniest thing ever is one Reema Jim at
play heads up because they don't know
the big words so they acted out so funny
already
uh-huh hold a hold of you your buddy
what is that Rima stomping stomping what
is it watch it huh marching marching no
routine nope skip it skip it skip it how
was that was that
what's Terry one-ply huh kicking oh that
cooking yummy oh yes manly she going
right yeah correct
what's that hurt oh no what is it knows
that what's winking
I know knows yeah hi waking huh well
that weekend when you're where yeah you
can't wake do it again Lucy huh yeah let
me see you wink
no no that's oil she's annoying I'm
talking i wink wait huh yes wink don't
wink huh
why are you good just do close one eye
one eye she's in her do it huh you guys
all don't know how to wink I know it
like what's up what's up is it that
wouldn't take this to this for you
let's see you take it why did you take
it
yeah good honest no the money I don't
have the money there was energy this
what I mean why he's a worst present to
be in a vlog he either wants to be in a
vlog or doesn't want to be in a vibe
right now he wants to be in a vlog say
hi he wants to be queuing of like he
just wants to show his face in a vlog so
you guys can come and be like oh my god
wants and he's adorable
oh my god Mawson he's so cute oh my god
was in his okay this is why he's going
to cuz he knows give me that look like
what the heck was that about you have a
question who do you love more me huh
yourself
no me anyway they said no no hula buddy
I'm asking you who do you love more me
or Muhsin I love myself
was it lava heated up no children me
mere muscle okay show them how you fight
you wanna show how you fight yellow
shuttle - come on show them how you
fight come on and I show the money for
ya that's what I'm talking about yeah
whoa he's better
yeah boxer lost in a boxing show my
oh yeah
yeah but yeah hard to get I'm teaching
him well again fine you're a boxer you
gonna be a boxer you go up Mawson is
gonna be a champ he is gonna be a
champion okay I truly believe that
muslin might be like a boxer when he
goes up I've never seen any kid like
throw this much punches and box
everything like he might be a big-time
boxer when he grows up who knows who
knows right what is good do me gang I'm
wearing the Dooley egg hat right here so
hope you guys like then I hope you guys
get a chance to win I'm gonna be doing a
lot more of these but right now I'm
gonna talk to you guys about something
that happened today so there's this
youtuber that I've done a react video a
while while back he did this video
dressed up isn't like and as our
clothing and like dropped like fake
bombs and stuff like that I reacted to
it it's this youtuber and he's really I
feel like the video he does are really
like like racist it make it makes them
hate either Muslims and he did another
video and make them makes him hate
African Americans he made black people
look really really bad made it seem like
that all of them are against Trump and
other violent he just does some really
ignorant ignorant stuff so a couple days
ago when I was at the trampolines but I
was vlogging and some little kids came
along to music what's up Adam are you
moving to San Island I'm like I don't
know I'm still looking for a house I
might be moving out of Manhattan to sign
out and one of the kids was like oh he
said that youtuber lives in Staten
Island and what I said I'm gonna be
straight up this one I said I was like
oh I don't like it and I'm not cuz but I
mentioned it literally for like two
seconds out of like a 14 minute vlog so
pretty much this guy saw it I don't know
if you watched my vlogs every single day
so then today I was sleeping I wake up I
put up the vlog and then a couple hours
later I take a shower get dressed and a
couple hours later I go to my Twitter
and I see that he tweeted me and his
tweet was something like yo if you're
talking about all this knocking out
stuff you should come through and you
know do what you got to lose meet up
wanna meet up so I'm here on my phone
looking at the tweet and I'm like go
this dude is probably tough man he he
said he wants to meet up and he wants to
he wants me to follow through with what
I said so I an about I'm like you know
up Tom in place we can we can handle in
the ring have a little fun boxing match
won't be nothing bad nothing like that
and then he replies back with something
like answer your phone
on when you do not even have my number
you do I have money I don't even know
you do what you call me you're not
calling me you don't have my number so
everyone seen those tweets and they seen
his tweets and answer your phone and I
was thinking to him let go what is he
talking about antsy phone must be must
be something wild like this dude might
be something like doing something crazy
but I didn't get those feedback so I
ignored it everything I was just
chilling and then after that my
management team they hit me up and they
call me they're like yo who is this like
who is this guy that is deemed us right
now and I'm like what are you talking
about like they just deemed us he's
talking about some fight and he wants to
do an a thumb wrestle I seriously
thought they were joking I thought they
were talking like I thought they were
just messing with me so then I tell my
management team to send me a screenshot
of what he said and what I get is this
like this dude seriously told me that he
wants to hype up the fight tweet the
location so fans can show up and then we
can go and have a thumb wrestle match
for like views and stuff like that I was
really really confused and I just ended
up ignoring it and stuff like that the
reason why I'm saying right now because
I don't know I feel like when I tweet
stuff is much different than when I say
it so I'm saying it to you guys right
now but do me a I'm so sorry for
bringing you guys between this weird BS
like that just happened I'm so sorry for
that I apologize for bringing you guys
but thank you guys so much for sticking
there with me I seen you guys sitting
there with me and it truly means the
world thank you guys so so much and I
did see you guys tweeted me telling me
that he just wants attention and to
ignore him so I am just gonna ignore him
and I am just gonna continue on doing
what I do because tomorrow I'm traveling
and I won't be back until December 20
seconds I'm gonna be away for like a
month and a half I'm away from month and
a half so I got I got other stuff to
focus on I got a whole world tour to
focus on I got a lot of stuff to focus
on I got vlogs every single day to focus
on with you guys and that was someone
who just wants attention i'ma just
continue on doing me and everyone else
can continue on doing them from now on
I'm just gonna ignore what anyone says
and every time you can continue on
focusing on myself me and I do me yang
thank you guys so much I'm gonna end the
vlog here I appreciate you guys and once
again from the bottom of heart thank you
so so much and I'm sorry I have to put
you guys through that with me than that
I will see you guys tomorrow do me Aang
take care
and peace I love you and good luck I'm
getting this happy so baby please be who
you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of her
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything
