hey guys what's up you're doing me yeah
I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing positive day filled
with positivity and positive energy
today is gonna be a fun day there is a
little mini boxing fight between my
friends Mona key and what cost and I'm
getting ready to head to a boxing gym
right now I got my bags Rayo my rooms a
mess wrong so what'd you guys do not
know is that my room it's always always
a mess and my mom comes in this door
more than what my dad comes through this
door she comes and she yells I'm just
like take out a camera show everyone
show all of YouTube your whole your
whole room if they know that your rooms
a mess they're not gonna like you then I
get like and I'm like mom Wow yeah I'm
pretty sure every student about rooms is
a mess
let me know the comments below if your
rooms a mess I mean like yeah I ain't
trying to be the only one alone with
like a messy room like we're in this
together man we're in this messy room
together huh talking about my dad and
mom that cone
yuck daddy I don't appear very good good
no good chillin Trevor yeah guys I
haven't told you guys my dad's thoughts
like about Donald Trump becoming
president like that because like me to
have been fooling arrived been fooling
around saying I voted for him and I
would never thought like he would become
president he actually actually did I
haven't showed you guys my dad's
reaction sohba but i what about him what
do you think about hey you look ugly
whoo you look ugly for Donald Trump yeah
I don't even covers it huh no I get
Britain guys I'm a spirit freestyle okay
yo hey yo hey yo Donald hey yo hey yo
Donald Trump wait I mean Donald UMP
you ain't my president whenever you see
a speech you sounds some dumb but you
think it's intelligent you're so orange
and annoying you're more annoying than
The Annoying Orange yo you got to go if
you know what rhymes with orange leave
it in the comments below
Oh
I don't know what I just said I just had
a freestyle this track on Donald if you
want to do a fold this track if you want
me my dad to a full donald trump disc
drive thumbs up this video a thumbs up
thumbs up thumbs up this video and we'll
do it donald trump diss my big bro is
here Ash Wednesday happy Anniversary to
him six-year anniversary six years
Michelle is dope man I was a town fly
time flies rimas five I remember the
first time but settled over the first
time when Rima was born when the now
when Rima was announced my shoes my
shoes enough feels like oh hey my
brother Abe is having a girl I got so
mad rubber Mouse I want to I want to
have a boy everyone has girls I want to
get her girls are better than boys sure
but then now like Miriam or like the
closest ever so I regret being bottom
regretted but like every day I was the
reason but I got seriously got mad
because Rima was a girl because I wanted
I have a lot of nieces I wanted a nephew
so finding out Rima was a girl I got
angry and I was walking around I was a
video what was the video video we're
gonna see if I saw a video I was angry I
was running around you my you and my mom
yeah and I think my dad yeah was angry
like although we want to be here when a
boy cuz he has so many nice is it how
does that I was like and I was like 17
years old I was running I was kicking
everything but it's all good Rima
six-year anniversary as dope so you
shout out enjoyed a say strong No Shave
November your I'm not shaved my Beauty
went no shape for like years I am
outside with my wife right here I don't
know good
much meaning you're right that's good
that is good I just took a ride I'm
heading to Chelsea Piers right now like
five minutes away I had to stop for this
beautiful amazing view right here
this water is dirty my God look at this
so dirty New York City you guys need a
cleanup man every single other state is
clean but like New York is just really
dirty man bus beautiful but still dirty
a doobie gang on my way here I almost
got into a crazy crazy bike crash this
thing right here is dangerous my wife is
really really dangerous I forgot to tell
you guys I was supposed to film my whole
journey with a GoPro and the chest
thingy today but lost my go for a
charger so I need to do it ASAP because
the journey is like the journeys having
the most beautiful the beautiful part of
it would be the beautiful part of the
whole vlog so I cannot wait to show you
guys what's Vytas met our daughter when
he showed up you know I don't wanna
challenge her and I met over the whole
morning okay because the enemy will cost
a shot he won't say it's gonna be crazy
cuz you gotta hear you guys Pakistani no
pecks technique are pretty ah yeah bro
you gotta look at Cydia can I get this
in here yeah oh yeah oh yeah so we've
got there was the Derrick Rose yeah
there goes what you just has no flavor
there because they keep something like
toothpaste l0 flavor I'm not like what
number hi guys it's happening we're in
the room this is like a double W Ringo
where it's about to get crazy in here
I'm gonna be referee they change the
color to block any predictions man right
here oh man strolling down with 20 years
old down let's go we got this okay it
was it any words will come to a boxing
match for you pretty sure bro
predictions peaches up I'm voting to
keep him we get to great hits help us
well Hass gotta he got a glass jaw so
I'm saying like he might end up coming
on top today I bet she predicted no any
any words why do you say I'm proven
sided shit my Hayes will do the talk in
the fiscal do the talking side any last
words
we all tell me cause I told lies you
can't hurt me yo SMA easy fight watch
what happens going down hey back to the
keep is good I want you want you you got
something to be worried sick you know he
got to be worried you gotta be worried
what's gonna keep their warming up
Everest warming up so I might as well
warm up to show show you guys this is
basically for movement you gotta catch
it
it's about to start
it's about this time it's starting it's
about to get crazy and it's nice we
already set
that's how we normally train I know that
regular boxes are super where the
indecision we're not a boxing gym
we're just like you guys wants to do
that here this
if you guys wanna plot like then you
guys want so do not sleep yeah but this
is awesome reason for that is I mean
you're arguing
you're blocking hi guys we're heading
out we're getting a refund Chelsea Piers
let us down and imma let you guys know
the whole story because there was so
rude to not let us spar and I'll and
it's chill 1 there was literally 30
minutes before it's doing the same thing
what we did but since we're like you
know teenagers having fun doing that yet
they ended up little tell us you can
leave yeah we were living traffic yeah
we gonna drive back they literally we're
just like oh you guys got to go you guys
can't do this and I told him like you
those people doing it 30 minutes ago and
the lady was like oh I didn't see them
yes you did see them but how did he see
us she seen us on the camera she came
with her coffee just to mess with us
which I really really hate it gets me so
mad on people she she's basically born
and came to mess with us and told us to
get out you can't do it but sparring is
nothing what we were doing I was nothing
but people do it and regular box my
people were doing it they both me how
was it ago yeah it'll be a five-second I
got cut off that lady that came off
everywhere she was waiting for us to
start and then she came that's how I
knew she was on in the cameras waiting
for us are and then she came but the
people before us I did it no one came no
one she didn't do it off that enough but
since we're coming here with a day pass
I looked like regular college students
she comes and messes with us but it's
all good I'm getting a refund everything
also getting a refund with the locker
and I'm never coming back here again
because their service is really bad
fascist really so change of plans adieu
me gang we're here at this boxing gym
real boxing where you can fight this is
my home I should be here 10 years ago 12
years ago this was my home I'm basically
visiting I know all the workers here and
I should've came here before but the
thing is I wanted to go to that one
because it was a bigger ring I wanted to
give them a big bigger ring but they
were so rude
and they looked for any thing to get us
in trouble so I'm not going back there
anymore
we're gonna be here I'm happy
here and should go good I want to give
you huge shout out to Mendez box in and
told me Jose Jose say what's up what's
up to people find him and him right here
yeah so tell me Jose to give him the
headgear oh ok ok I like that green and
white green your white watch the homie
Jose is given a specific love to spar
with Linea knows what else
16 ounces yeah because you need a little
bigger girl yeah light gloves you can
hurt the person really really bad so
they're gonna give them a little loves
little heavy with us cuz you know the
boys are not never hurt each other bro
so you're funny funny match cuz both of
them really funny but we're getting
ready we should came here in the
beginning which I'm so bad about that
it's so cool here in Mendes boxing so so
we got your money on this do look too
innocent he's a worker boys on the dog
always a dog yeah I call you ready
have a nice it's finally having Mendez
boxing only method
oh hey great manga a big bakery
Oh rounds about start they're tired
already little tired after bread great
come on give up breather anyone no comma
that's right then right yeah alright
guys so Nikki took the win because what
cost forfeited because the stamina is
really bad but they're hugging right now
which is believe you again
oh I'm gonna tell you right tell you
basically blessing sounds good I told
you he's got one shot it's not gonna
hurt me yeah I pound through it like
some grits look I think it was good but
his stamina was really bad stamina was
really bad what'd you think I was a boy
then the semanas house to fancy over
here outside fish I only want one
I'm here Adam yeah going up against the
key Oh undefeated undefeated man you
guys cuz I have a little fun a fun
training round Mike Tyson Adam looks
like he's going for blood
okay
Oh
all right guys I'm doing round over here
right now much taller man is reached
longer I didn't want to keep I'm doing
with him
thumbs up you ready oh he don't come
oh hello is there easily
let's keep open
like
ah
hi guys what the box told me Jose
Jimenez boxing is the most experience
that everybody but should be fun match
he's also a professional boxer so he has
a really good boxing history so I don't
mess the watch out no especially record
and he had over 200 amateur fights so
you assume with here's a lot of
experiences that mother beat up or hit
up yeah hi I'm steve-o yeah don't get my
hopes yeah stuff like that nice defense
yeah tell me shit good at defense
yeah
there we go
shadows taking hits one
we shot him
gonna show baby gonna show him on his
own this shit right fun
good fucking it easy man there's like a
potential yo all right okay do me hang I
just got home today was a crazy
unexpected day I kind of got a little I
don't see it but a little bruise under
my and I got a little busted lip but it
was fun I had fun with the homie Jose
thank you so much for everything in
Mendes box and you guys were so so cool
so dope
other than that I'm gonna wrap it up the
vlog here hope you guys enjoyed it if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey thank you guys so much
for a level support every single day if
you guys have not gotten tickets for the
world tour
make sure you gotta get your tickets
down below and I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me Hank take care peace I
love you - I can tell about her reaction
you driving too fast
to imagine and help her
that hurts gonna be alright so
