so my lab coat ah man not me
so what way did it go dude he said like
hey guys what's up or do me young I hope
you're having an amazing a because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day I'm feeling kind of
sick today I have a little coffee cuz
it's getting kind of cold in your
sitting it's a really bad cough I know
it's a really bad cough because when I'm
talking see I can feel the little like
I'm ready to coughing I hate it so much
Boston Watson Watson was there much then
have you my world is here my world
wha-why jigging off a bottle huh there
big boy or two
give me the bottle the bottle is mine
look he's gonna get so jealous a nice
thing is good man what is his mango
juice Wow Wow doesn't that button look
he calls owie
why does he call Ali just making up
words he called us an ally what is this
he bites don't lie hey my my my melon
hey Sarina is doing a homework and I'm
always curious to see you while women
you know what grade are you in
kindergarten kindergarten kindergarten
is something to ask these that first of
all the N is not this way you look it's
none of you at the end is the opposite
way put the bean deeply yeah that way
and do this yeah put it other way okay
Ivy
where's your pencil what does it say if
no it doesn't what does it say I don't
know what does it say I don't know how
do you know so what are you Rima yeah I
look scissors see what letter is this
well let is this H Rima what let is that
eight no sluts n egg what's lower
letters us Oh
this P let's see what I and and Oh Oh T
what does
done
what's that spell done all right the
letter n what noise does it make yes the
letter O what sound does it make
ah the letter T what sound does it make
so not not not not what I said and not
even ever said not even look she let him
know I'll sing not you said done no no
I'll shoot done done I said no if they
know it doesn't say no it says not not
not me no no it does it not meets
noemi's no not meas not I need help
this is any help you don't just need
help you you needed freaking you need
some extra you need of tutoring zk8 here
so do what you got to do this not
whatever you gonna drink Lou thank you
the playing what the heck grew your
pranks enough you can't break me I'm put
glue all of you head tomorrow brother a
visa bout to ride the bike outside how
is it it's nice he's Dover very like
what no flushes go back oh oh do we do
we go hey I got in the driver's Ramona
you did you can't do it you're not about
a bike you gonna do it or am i boy
you never wrote a bike in your life
never did you write a camel in your life
yeah camel yeah you're like camels yeah
camels good now the pet camo his name's
Bob I just got this temporary tattoo
that I stole from my mom it looks dope
I'm liking the a hey what's up hey he
can't see you
it's a tat I wanted to be honest with
you yeah yeah what that is tired under
he didn't care okay I want to see it
come on Nancy Missy no don't touch don't
touch another take it
no no dude hi guys I'm outside right now
I'm heading to go
the homey Jason and the reason why I'm
heading to go see him late at night is
because the thief he's around here late
at night well that's what Jason said and
he said that crossing the street he said
that he sleeps somewhere around here
after like 8 9 o'clock so we're gonna go
actually look for him and to be honest
I'm not gonna do nothing bad or like
negative toys I just want to speak to
him see if he still has a laptop and I
just want to see why would he do that so
I'm gonna meet up with him we're gonna
see how it goes what's up I just met up
with the homey Jason and he's looking
fresh and nice today and we were ready
to go see to go find your the guy who
stole your laptop he sings yes around
that not there I'm not gonna say there
he sees I don't want to like publicly
say where he stays at but we're gonna
look for him we won't see he's there
so we're walking I'm not gonna lie and
get kind of nervous because I don't know
how like what's going to go on when we
catch the guy but Jason was telling me
that a lot of you are there after him
yeah by the afternoon
good person
messes with people well hopefully
hopefully he'll learn lessons today but
has anyone ever like approached him and
told him like yo we're doing this badly
uh yeah because and What did he say
I made up a story he makes it stories
that's why your story
whoo he's a storyteller that's what he
is hey dumber ready Jason yeah you sure
yeah
are you nervous enough no have you ever
approached this guy by anything
yeah you approached him before yeah yeah
but have you approached him about the
laptop no cuz he's been avoiding me I
was avoiding you
yeah well this is no event today huh he
knows I'm bad all you knows your mind
you know hey I'm gonna approach him play
to the front cool thank you brother
okay okay okay
oh man get that camera out my big weirdo
I don't know guys you guys should get
what I can i watch the master course
what hap hey did you take my friends
laughs oh not you too laughs Jason
laughs I got go laughs laughs up high so
could I check your bag with you know why
do I check my bag Kanye you want you
want to go no I want to see if you got
it that's it all right let me see if you
got I'm not gonna on there why don't you
get my bag what you gonna do for me i'ma
see if you got the lots of them look
look at my bag I got none yeah I got not
yeah yeah I got cookies and stuff
yeah I got nothin dude he's did he sell
the laptop you have it we have no idea
he told me that you were the one that
leather took it everything nah man Oh
could you know him yes I'm asking him
out here I sleep out here yeah I see him
out here before yeah that's about it
he stole my line so ah man not me
so what we're did it go did he sell I
had like deal with with I came I hate
got me some cardboard I'm their dad all
right
all of us is all of us is if it is you
or anything like that I just want you to
not do it to anyone again in the future
let's say yeah that's where it is out
here I don't want you to deal with
people out here they go come cake for
you okay and if they see rowdy
what I'm saying is don't don't die you
don't eat Rican shit don't be taking
shit from people that's all I think I'm
saying out here if you take it up
somebody walk up and bust you right okay
yeah I know so I'm saying don't know
take shit okay what I'm saying don't
take shit from people enough like I
don't want you doing any of that
negative shine something right you right
eye which I showed you in my bag
I don't have anything I didn't take
anything to be sullen give it to you I
didn't I didn't see it I didn't see it
so what happened that they wouldn't
y'all know it that you talked about you
came up that you got a laptop and I'm
afraid true that we see in that time so
I didn't take a nap hopefully next time
like because I heard around that you're
going around just like doing negative
shit to people hopefully how do that
look around there's a lot of people out
here alright I know about Jason I told
me Jason specifically said you were the
one that he could be typically say
anything okay cause I but why would he
why would he come to that one specific
person you and a lot of people around
saying that you're doing we just left
from the frickin thief and I am so so
tempted I did not want to show his face
I don't like that because I don't want I
don't wanna bring any negative energy or
anything towards you know someone to go
after someone kind of just came he came
I'm just like what the hell yeah he came
in the middle I don't know hit the heck
I think I think to be honest approaching
him it showed him like you know when I
get it hot yeah we're not gonna take
we're not gonna take we're not gonna
take your ish of doing that if we never
woulda said nothing that's all the I
wanted to go even though he denied
everything embarrasses storyteller
yeah he's story tell story don't ya and
you could see in his face I wish I could
share his shown his face you seen his
face - he looked like the biggest like
he was just like literally like boss
yeah he was BS in the whole time he was
the PS mm oh he's a good actor - ABS a
big b SS oh I'm so glad we got to like
at least speak with him and just tell
him like you know don't do that ish and
if you have a few ever do ish like that
again it's gonna be really really
different so um Jason I'm sorry from now
we're just gonna move forward and we're
gonna see how it goes to be getting you
a another laptop but this time you
cannot be around you make sure this
laptop safe so I'm gonna hold your
laptop and it's the first time khalid
and uh Jason meet Jason
yeah he looks like slit right yeah it
looks like slow yeah sure yeah there's
any pigeons just taller you kind of
they're the same height somebody's
somebody just told okay so I just got
home and I see a lot of you guys
confused about the website to get
tickets for my I'm literally doing like
a world tour Australia the ones coming
up is Australia and I'm Malaysia
Indonesia mom what else what else
Denmark Oslo so many Milan Berlin
Germany so many places and then us and
then UK but you guys are really really
confused let me give you guys a little
tutorial on how to use the site to get
tickets on your phone because a lot
stuff is really easy but a lot of you
guys use it on your phones I'm gonna
show you guys how to use it on the phone
so basically once you're on the website
you click here and then once you click
here you click on the plus sign the plus
oh wait that's the main thing the plus
sign right there and then once you click
the plus sign every single city is right
up snug going wait wait my phone is last
time I'm sorry I'm sorry
yeah right there see every single city
is right there Portsmouth London
Birmingham Bradford Leicester Manchester
Glasgow sydney australia melbourne and
malaysia so let's say you want to get
more tickets comes up boom right there
you can get the tickets so it is really
really easy I hope you guys understood
that I hope you guys enjoy the vlog I'm
so so sorry I'm just feeling really
really sick and I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another daily vlog thank
you guys so much for loving support and
I'm a thumbs up if you guys made it to
the end I thank you guys so much for
level support I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care or peace I like
we wanna be I know your father will be
proud of where you're gonna be
so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything
