I just appreciate everything I was doing
so this is for you guys for both you
guys you guys have to share it and have
fun hey guys what's up and do me yang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day today I'm
having a super-duper happy day because I
got this package it's real real big
package that I bought myself because I
need to find a way to travel New York
City without traffic without an uber
without a train because the uber is
literally traffic everywhere and the
Train is just a crowded everything so I
decided to get this thing to make me
travel faster but they take so long you
have to reserve it you had to wait so
long so I don't know the only person I
could probably get a booster boat from
is probably Casey nice that's okay see
if you're watching this I need a booster
board and if you need a booster board
partnering crime then I'm right here I
volunteer as tribute I have the new
GoPro Hero 5 and the person that gave it
to me is Ali from Dubai Hollywood by
thank you so much I will never forget
you for giving me this I appreciate it
so so much and I'm gonna use it for the
first time ever today on the new
electric bike that I'm getting today and
it's so exciting because the electro
bike was not just an ordinary huge
electric bike it's something that you
can fold and something is gonna be cool
I'll show you guys in the next shot so
homie Eddie right he's the main man man
last time we know each other for like
eight years
hey Ted that kid we don't share for
decade whatever I see got in trouble he
said get me out of trouble so Eddie yeah
how much of a better way he wasn't bad
luck okay when I saw someone outside ah
yeah right thank you so much every
Sunday
I haven't rode one of these for so so
long the battery's dying these things
suck really bad now so I'm upgraded to
this thing right here
you'd be opening the package right now
and I'm going to be showing you guys and
hams that hide it or not here so I'm
thinking about doing something really
funny after I open up this electric bike
and show you guys when how does it
highlight come in I'm gonna pretend that
it's theirs and I'm like surprised it's
yours
cuz you guys have been doing amazing in
school this electric bike is yours guy I
did it before with this one I did it
before with the golden hoverboard and it
was really theirs and since and I am
which is messed around and do it with
this one but it actually is mine and not
theirs because it's pretty dangerous if
they're if they drive this one so it's
mine it's not that I'm a pretend it's M
but let me open up this package and
let's see how it is
I hate unboxing stuff but a lot of
people need to love watching people
unbox stuff I don't know why this is why
I hear boxy song it's like so much
unnecessary stuff on there and this you
just send it without a box you've got to
be kidding there's another freaking box
oh my god I'm picking the box
oh man if there's another box in this
I'm here to go and sing let's tape on it
speak to tape let me go get a knife
matter of fact I don't either
okay no more boxes I better not have to
repair this bike I'm gonna have to
repair this freaking bike I'm so bad at
things like this but let's do it we got
the whole bike this is the whole bike
guys do me game
this right here is the whole bike look
how small it is this is so dope
this is gonna be a dope don't electric
bike I didn't want to get a huge one I
want you to get a regular like one where
you can just carry it's only like 30
pounds so but it's really light I
remember when I was younger I streep air
everything in my house chairs tables
vacuums because my mom would ask me and
I would Google all the answers and my
mom thought like she'll think I'm some
kind of genius but I was just Google all
the answers she's like y'all ie my son
is so smart
yeah he C knows everything I don't know
how in armes Google shoutout to google
ad all right this is the seat right here
this electric bike folds up look if
freakin fold like this this is sick
thing I just need to fix the seat how
the heck that flashlight turn on what
the heck this thing scared the crap
outta Mary let me read the book actually
I don't read books hope it'll bring it
this is about to be lit there's a
frickin flashlight here now sale to ride
in the dark I turn it off dad I don't
know how to use it but I'm ready to go
ahh
this is the horn that's the flashlight
and these are the brakes that's the
phone yeah whoa whoa Oh guys do not
underestimate this little thing right
here this thing goes really really fast
by the way this video is not sponsored
if I do not like this bike I would
literally let you guys know I do not
like this bike I'm so excited to write
it outside but before I go write it
outside I have to prank Hamza and hey
then pretend that this electric bike is
for them they're coming in around like
10 15 minutes so I'm going to wait and
oh yeah this bike is going to be theirs
hi guys Holmes inhaler coming right now
I see them with a camera they're coming
up right now so I'm gonna pretend this
electric bike is theirs and let's see
how it goes oh is it
what's up surprise guess what I got you
guys brand new smallest electric bike in
the world well yeah
smallest electric bike in a few guys
this right here is a 2016 Genesis
Mercedes ake a BMW range over
Lamborghini electric bike and taganas I
just want to surprise you guys with cuz
I see also party guys the hell oh boy I
need no hoverboard yeah merry guys oh
boy knowledge I just appreciate
everything I was doing so this is for
you guys
for both you guys you guys have to share
it and have fun so there's not haha
just have fun all of you guys yeah of
course it's electric
you know I love trying y'all I know how
easy would be camera is it this is the
one flash an actual wine
yes flash later you're going yes oh my
god pedal and I'll give you could go
even faster the pedals just the case you
don't want to like it dies you cancel
all the photos so have fun with you guys
look I said way better than Allen state
boy yeah it is better much because you
could it's like a buy any small folds up
to actually other sizes for you
yeah it folds up so you have fun with
the guys I love you guys and yeah
I'm head off in a few minutes so I'll
see you why I just wanted to surprise
you guys yeah happy alright not working
all right I just wanted to surprise you
guys so alright alright I'll see you
guys tomorrow
I'm leaving okay wait why is it a laugh
huh how fabulous
what do you need confuse gum oh thanks
oh you told his bike was yours
how's it handle I got so excited
however you did it huh I was that old
shit how do i but in Louisville work and
electric skateboard
it was hewn we got so happy
hey it's mine you guys you guys are too
young to write all right you guys to
youngsil on this then she done what
stuff yes I didn't have a motorcycle but
you know I was it was really bigger than
this yeah I was a crazy bad boy that
thing was dangerous illegal to do it
this one is legal no snob yes it is
this is my first time fighting it and it
is feel so dangerous
so it's my first time going out with the
electric bike and it was amazing
literally so amazing that I want to go
get pizza for the kids Oh adders
family's here say what such a pretty
shirt back on but please you're going on
but the whole cheese what's it aside
because I was going so fast look what
are you needed don't Vader what are you
doing don't bite me don't bite how are
we gonna be proud cloud do you know what
are you gonna be hey no what do you want
huh a bug do be gay I just want to say
we reached 20 million views on the clown
video Toby we wouldn't have done it
without you guys so thank you guys so so
much
Buzz's say thank you big butt say thank
you what's her name um what is it forgot
a doobie gang that live in Sydney
Australia Melbourne Australia and Kuala
Lumpur Malaysia
tickets are live the website is right
here for tickets and in the link the
first link down below
that's website for tickets Sydney has
been out Malaysia has been out and
Melbourne Australia has finally been out
all in December I'm performing for the
first time ever in December so Australia
huh stop travelling - gloop no punching
and as I was saying get your tickets
australia sydney australia melbourne
australia and kuala lumpur malaysia cuz
when it gets sold out like two three
weeks before the show
imma feel so bad - anyone who wants her
to go so get your tickets and have it
ready and I'm so excited the first time
ever and it's about to get crazy
Co Co see Oh III should be right she I
remember some Australian slang and Kuala
Lumpur Appa kebab and don't need you a
Singapore yes
Indonesia and Sikkim and Singapore it is
going to be a free public just meter
green Evette australia sydney australia
melbourne and kuala lumpar are going to
be performances and shows the VIP is a
meet-and-greet and the show the standard
one is just a show so hope you guys
understand
other than that I'm gonna wrap it up the
vibe here I hope you guys enjoyed it if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey I love you do me a guys
if you want hums it's a pusher back on
give this blog a thumbs up and he's
gonna put his shirt back on
okay okay god I'll see you guys tomorrow
take it peace I love you get your
tickets Australia Malaysia Mel boy alone
so baby please be who you wanna be
I know your
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be oh baby you
can have anything you want to me
