yeah we up Trump is winning yeah Trump
is winning hey guys what's up and do me
yeah I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day I am heading
out right now with my electric bike arms
a mess
thumbs up for was a mess thumbs up your
room was a mess I know your room is a
mess
don't your rooms a mess I'll see you
guys in the next shot I have no hat on
because wandering homies name is Johnny
he told me that looked better without a
hat without a hat and person who's
telling me and he convinced me to take
my hat off so I'm gonna take my hat off
and see see how it feels and let my let
my head breathe some air
bye anyways I'm out with my electric buy
this is like my big this is my baby man
this is my freaking baby and before when
I seek ubers I say hate this lame this
whole bustling I say hate it so much
because look the cars are not allowed to
drive in the bus lanes so whenever I was
in an uber I would be stuck in these
lanes stuck in traffic so I say hey this
Lane but since I got this electric bike
my baby I can just drive through the
whole lane it's like nothing here I can
pretty more now this bus come but I got
pretty much drive through there but I'm
gonna go get a GoPro attachment for my
bike so I can finally film like my
freaking you know my freakin ways and my
crazy driving with the electro bike and
I'm gonna go look for a new book bag
because the book bag I have right now is
completely messed up and I'm going to be
exploring the city New York City with
that lecture bag thumbs up if you guys
like when I explore New York City and
just look like the weirdest things in
New York so thumbs up if you guys like
then I'll keep doing more hi guys I just
got the Best Buy I'm looking for the
GoPro for the bike attachment
- suction cup Lex came in so I got the
GoPro chest one you put it on your chest
and it shows a whole view which is much
better because it's going to show some
of the bike here so it's a cool view
instead of showing just the view
it shows the bike and my hands and the
whole view so I cannot wait to use
either tomorrow or after tomorrow you
guys are gonna see the crazy journeys I
do to get to the destination I want I
just got to one of my favorite places
which is Union Square and this guy is
doing so crazy there's a lot of talented
people is made from chalk cards and
coats in Howard Sam wow this is
beautiful no thank you to say
how long did it take to do all this I
started about 2 o'clock why and it's
like four five o'clock right now in
Union Square there's some talented
people and there's some feel Allah what
is that hate to sound like this guy
listen this tile is disco yeah so like
you put like awesome music in there yeah
we're all gonna say music oh nice
everyone is partying with like
headphones on exactly this is the silent
this goes is sick hello everyone's
listening to the same music ready
Club we're do it tonight yeah from the
black people left to the right
all the guys fucking hustler get I get
money more from the world to the like
vo bidding her that cannabis I can't
hear nothing
this is fun this is so dope alright who
invented us I was a funnest party ever
and it was all silent that was so dope
I'm at this random store charging my
bike I'm such an idiot I'd have charged
it so we had some writings with these
dope flowers or roses and now they're
about to leave so they're giving out
these flowers for free so might as well
get some free flowers you know they're
free trying to see which one is the good
one
I'm going to give it to a random
stranger and I'm just trying to make
their day so I don't know flowers make
anyone happy so let's see if I was a few
things have an amazing day and yeah
you're amazing what's your name Miguel
Miguel yeah see Meech amigo nice toss a
few art yeah I've been amazing there eat
thank you so the best feeling ever is
just making like other smile knowing
that you're the reason to make other
people smile that's the coolest and
don't this feeling ever
well gonna win 89% Trump I guess her
daddy are these lunch
there's nobody 777 Trump tenth one I'm
watching Trump 65 oh my god
65% Clinton 30% oh my G oh yeah what we
are watching the debate right now to see
who's well not the debate the whatever
votes see who's gonna win but yeah you
know down the Trump won but that's so
gullible right but that is so gullible
oh look good meet my dad voted today my
mom would you would you vote we had no
option to vote you voted for Hillary if
you vote for Trump and he wins the
racist people are gonna feel like
very good bill Klan is gonna be the
first man in the house and if you have
Bill Clinton there he's gonna hold it
down but as I'm saying Trump winning is
gonna the racist people are gonna feel
like that power
Hillary winning they're not gonna feel
like that much so it was literally no
option in America like we have oh he'll
get gonna win give me give me give me a
month oh he's gonna get a hammer what
are gonna break the TV my dad is an
arguing with the TV I'm gonna need an
okay I Cho Cho does don't fight with the
TV show mine and me alone yeah I'm sure
Bobby hit the TV I try to buy a new TV
you did it twice
good he's gonna really he argues with TV
like it's a person okay this is really
scary man because Trump is winning right
now my hair looks like Donald Trump's
hair right now Donald Trump is the
winner in West don't win huh anyone
Virginia you want bridging hola yeah yup
Trump is winning yeah Trump is winning
I'm leaving remedy any leave Tiamat no
no I believe it Lorella oh yeah I'm not
on the Colorado where you going
I'm leaving I'm leaving Canada
auto-locking Tiffany it can Hannigan
boo-boo
leave it to London London guys Trump
keeps winning the stage and every time
now my dad is packing now my dad is
freaking home huh if your own oh we're
taking pictures little chill huh are you
good going from Austin yeah hey Saleh
I'm the way everywhere guys Reema is
here she just came back on my side and I
told her no house what annoys a waste
house
I didn't know who that is but how do you
feel
because I hate done charlie you feel
sorry cuz you hate Donald Trump hey you
aim so much but why do you hit him
because he won I'm saying why do you him
because he would yeah you want but why
do you hit him because he's bad
why is he bad he's bad
how was he already bad what did he do
that made him bad huh okay people was
saying some people is 1/4 done sucks
something was waiting for Bernie Sanders
some people is voting for Hillary
Hillary Clinton yeah we must mark maybe
she's not go to math but she's gonna
like history and stuff like that
Oh wonderful okay you're voting for
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders see
your buddy for two people who do it but
why do you act alike ribbons five years
overseas like Hillary Clinton of Donald
Trump well out of both of them Hillary
who are you gonna vote for anyway
thinking so go over I can't huh so go
outside a vote or else Donna summers
gonna win if you don't vote Donald Trump
is gonna win yeah
what how you gonna dis feed like she
just by looking I'll put on a hat that's
what I'm gonna put on her i guy so I'll
put this on my head because very much
just made me feel insecure and just
dissed me out give me my hat Romo come
on
yeah okay gosh man
Donald Trump is not president
Donald Trump is not president Donald
Trump is not president Donatella
president Reema don't be sad
I love you who do you want Hillary yeah
okay I'm Reema have a surprise for you
okay all right I got you something
that's it that is that one I got you
this
it's a toy really what dinosaur sir it's
a crocodile it's a game you don't like
it appreciate my gift sure the face of
light okay be me this how you play ready
imma go first I'm gonna press a tooth
ready okay now your turn
choose any tooth in a bike - you lose ha
ha you lost bitchy you go first is
Sangha huh still ah mutton oh my god
it's still boom oh thank you
all right nothing go you go
then nothing nothing go Oh pressed it
down
okay okay hi guys I'm going to Hamzah's
house I decided to go see what's up as
house to see ways doing him and had her
hair was your help
he's doing open the door oh goodie
heroes up fuck what bag yeah woody
wouldn't do this to have that stuff 12
years old stop turn up you know turn
around right these dudes are buggin out
there blast the song like what do people
with the neighbors hear it but how does
it call children their neighbors need to
hear it Oh God Chad relic they have not
announced the winner at do me gang I'm
so sorry that Moses lung is watching
this frickin election is literally crazy
Trump is winning right now they were
like a time before now he's like Big
Time in the lead which is scary man like
it's also scary it's almost midnight
right now so I'm just gonna end the vlog
here and tomorrow I'm just gonna start a
new vlog with a new president I don't
know who it is but whatever it is it's
still gonna be the same for me I'm still
gonna be the same old me everyone is
gonna be the same of them which is gonna
have to wait and see how it goes so do
me gang hope you all enjoy Boggs he did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey thumbs up Feud vote for my dad
because that he's the real president who
knows my dad is real president I'll see
you guys tomorrow do me right take care
pace alone I'm scared
I know your father will be proud of or
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want from me
