I don't see no Italian people blowing
anybody up I don't see no no no little
Spanish person blowing I keep seeing
some errands glowing people that's right
hey guys what's up in to me and I hope
you're having an amazing there because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day today is the day
before Election Day which means it's
going to be a crazy hectic day outside
go my electric bike so it's about to get
crazy and I'll see you guys in next shot
I am outside with my electric bike I am
near the Apple Store 59th Street and it
took me around
eight to 10 minutes to come here without
a Sega Ober or train or what it took
20-30 minutes
this is why I love this thing I need to
get I have a GoPro ready but I need to
get the thingy that attaches on here so
either today or tomorrow I'm gonna buy
it and I'm going to show you guys how
crazy of a bike rider I am because I go
through so much traffic and it's really
really dangerous but it's really
interesting to watch guys there's this
crazy thing going on near the Trump
Tower down there so I'm gonna go check
it out see what's going on because
America is going wild these couple days
because of what's going on so let's see
how it goes
yo truck
Oh Jemmy the Trump show dr. Chuck no
really grabbers you know she's voted for
Trump we're gonna take all the religious
they like the sniper Thyssen wait why
would we take them in there no they
don't
yeah oh they don't know yeah they do
no they don't who said oh yeah a Jameson
the Syrians don't bond the media didn't
show airs or bums listen to me where you
want to stick them in your house free
country right where America the free
country it's not a free country
no no this is a place of oil see what
I'm saying - free cars you guys want
this kind of thing a free country no
reason anyway girl whatever they want
walk around and slice people that way
them because I might be part of the
ideology - I don't see no Italian people
blowing anybody off I don't see no no
law no little Spanish person blowing
nose I keep seeing some errands well we
people I've told you
yeah that's right you'd be blown a young
because you're here no I'm Middle
Eastern okay but you're like this of
course I'm not American oh you like
America alarms live immersion so there
you go that so what you saying arms
above us okay with you you're okay with
me I'm not okay with you girl yeah you
just said I was Arabs I just said it no
I'm sorry but don't blow just write it
down I'm saying we're peaceful so what
you saying you guys know right delight
be I had a little barbs or what if she
behave a lot here giggles good the
losses sure support country we need to
know we stupid
Barbara's mother look at us peacefully
these are benign are we're peaceful in a
frame let me go why he loved you over
now who's that we don't like to dress
like that I'm telling you we cannot let
anybody that's what the media now okay
but you just said Arabs Arabs always
going but don't this is all right
okay what the hell on your side is
keeping everybody everything doctor this
is unbelievable it's actually back now
to support you I'm alive with Donald
Trump loses tomorrow huh you wanna burn
it off watch the blackboard and stop you
are doing we're all illegal well the
guitar my doing
you don't need it not even i if I going
to buy a package of
recent times my aware if you wanna vote
oil oh we're going to vote blood
products young people both without any
idea what does she said I don't know
have no clue hey bro you painted a beer
shut up imma laughing I'm left with the
deal tomorrow yeah we gotta love Hillary
wins yeah we're gonna be bombed I'm
gonna be Bob listen to me get the video
and the trouble is what's gonna happen
oh and it's already on our and if you
wanna be laughing real hard and if Trump
wins was gonna that's right you are
and if trouble ends is gonna be worse
sorry I just read your fortune these
people are weird I can't believe I just
had a full-on argument I just want to go
check it out
they gave me so mad like I don't want to
argue anything but she's just oh my god
these supporters are like like airheads
literally air hasman I never usually get
angry but that lady got me angry because
she's just really racist I than she she
tries to justify herself and it really
like in a really dumb way like girl I
don't understand it man also Muslims
were peaceful which show and we're funny
were cool so stops girl it's 2016 we
Chuck what's wrong with you girl I'm at
Washington Square Park and there's this
I don't know what this is birth
not touch it you can take it is there
real money okay I don't know what this
is god there's a hashtag I'm taking 10
faves hey what is it there's a hashtag
on there there's a website on there so
it's called red white blue deja vu what
is it like supposed to mean well it's
about the fact that there are all these
right-wing politicians coming up in
these countries that were allies in the
Second World War
yeah and I suddenly they're talking
about you know ideologies that we fought
against yeah so years ago today has been
a crazy crazy journey with this bike I
got this that dollar bills with Trump
Trump's face on it I don't know I'm a
mess around later and just pasted up
with it so let's see here we go look who
I bumped into what Sam was good look
good you good good who wants this Trump
Trump money I didn't see that money oh
man it's a very present what the huh
nice quiet easy easy guys finally showed
up and he's wearing the new what do you
use is called the colorway but it's
another video that's what you have in a
different color
boom I took extra but we got him and all
these were the favorite you see the pipe
like the buckling of the most wearable
you can wear with anything
what's the difference between this one
and that one not
this is version two these three released
so this is the old one awesome
no no this is the old one for the more
expensive and the new ones cheaper oh
this is supreme selling bricks what's
about break up I'm gonna brick by brick
isn't Bream on it and gotta buy from me
I don't see why that breakfast yesterday
that's all you shooting you know dad
we're now at the Adidas store and I just
found these shoes look at this this how
they made it looks like a freaking
smiley face thing is it comfortable huh
these are probably really comfortable
because look this ultra boost ultra
booth with the 3m many when you take a
picture that flash in the light on here
guess who's in New York City lovely
wedding cakes was gone what do you have
it was good man you like if you know by
experience in here yeah I'm glad someone
got it
I just need a car like that get me the
Navy you say guys it goes jacket man
that's sick Bobby's in the red burka
it's different here right the difference
is different in the Bible device sick is
like a whole different world there was a
whole different world here to it so good
hello yes go away I'll be there to save
the day Superman got none I'm only one
call away
that is a Vic is it yeah that always a
hello
he's an Aldi night that's why he's
amazing good man Jesus that's amazing
that's my son is gone
Salim and I scream your oh yeah I see
you I like to pray you get on oh yeah
thank you and I appreciate it ha ha ha I
like your personality telling me you
know you gonna be big one day I promise
you your head you say the basketball oh
the best 9 your best when I want meeting
you next time right cool kicks and fire
kicks they're heading back
hey guys any time bro New York City
whenever guys come here is home and LA
we still got some yes a let's just say
we're gonna be at the LA show for the US
store uh that's a little later next year
but we'll see you the feather work
I believe I'm safe I'm a physician our
suppliers disabled I will take a see you
guys soon anytime
take a minha be safer I'm a homicidal
together
I'm citizen hundred okay do me gang it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed his wife did make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go turkey thank you
guys so much for 11th support for always
giving a vlogger thumbs up every single
day truly means the world if you guys
haven't got your tickets get your
tickets now I'll see you guys tomorrow
they're going to be announcing the
president either boy who guys watching
today they're gonna be announcing the
president today or tomorrow I believe
and it's I don't know it feels different
maybe a few guys were out of America you
guys probably annoyed by this because
they've been talking about everywhere
but america we're scared like we're
literally scared if like if Trump
becomes president like every like racist
person they're gonna feel like they have
power and that's kind of like you know
that's gonna affect such the Arabs and
Muslims and and you know Hispanics and
blacks thinking it's gonna affect that
so much so hopefully Trump doesn't want
even though Hillary I don't even she's I
evil whatever but if Hillary wins the
race if people won't feel as powerful
but Trump wins he's gonna feel powerful
so let's see how it goes and yeah I
don't know we'll see how see you guys
tomorrow do me take care or pitch so
baby please be we wanna be I know you
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be oh baby you
can have anything
