hey guys what's up resuming hanging I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having he's trying to say it but he
can't see it but guys I cannot believe
I'm saying this but I have to say it
because it is today's video but I got
pranked by my freaking nephew Yousef
before I even like took a shower before
I even started the vlog he pranked me
and it was literally the dumbest I think
it's dumbest prank ever because I want
prank people but I still give him a
little bit props because I fell for it a
little bit but you guys will see it now
so I hope you guys enjoy it prank week
is still on and no one's safe is that
right muffin yeah he's a dick dentist
iPad enjoy the prank and I'll see you
guys tomorrow guys I'm about to break
Adam don't worry
to where but Lin what's button was like
Disneyland
then after that I had no Halligan banana
but she grabbed my pink hair and ran off
No yeah I won Robles that's rough
that's how happened today what I want to
Doug anoint and then there's go account
to me she took a picture then under
taking a picture this little you wish it
the condition it's literally what she
did see a vision I looked at wasn't this
I'm the girl you me show this boom
straight hair and red was hidden away I
swear to God all those wild Road I think
I was doing I didn't wanna know so she's
not got a lot it was like four pieces I
didn't know nothing messed up in like I
didn't want to chase her but I was like
what the hell crazy something like that
I would though
that's insane I'm reading tweets I know
some was like she's smart for doing that
but pulling my hair bra is crazy
if I'm not feeling good what I don't
know I'm ahead
I got headache not a headache
oh my brain started to like feel dizzy
but like it moves like I don't know like
you're even I don't know but I can't
like like I get mad and I think like
since I'm not sleeping then I get like
yeah it just makes you know you
understand so what you understand yeah
what does that do that that's what's
friend of my brain is if you're hurting
my brain will you explain oh that's why
that's why they explain it but if you
hear you stop laughing
I'm not you're here tomorrow a rule
about I didn't know what the heck you
said bro
it doesn't make sense doesn't the early
bump brain boom that's not funny bro are
you good yeah I'm good but like you know
just man stress you know stress all the
stress stress sometimes Trust is a good
thing you know you got a stress in life
so you can find your wife and your wife
is gonna get you more stressed but it's
all good cuz it's all for the best
Oh check you nosey yeah bro but it's not
only stressed like I'm depressed
let them be depressed but like I mean
nobody look at me smile I can't don't
meet the press
I can't huh I can't serious yeah busy
joking huh I'm not joking
defense about what I can't tell you like
huh
I kind of told you ready Bo na drug side
I'll tell you mess around all jokes
aside um didn't do I look like I'm
messing around I don't know
do I ever mess around you write about
safe why about you did I ever mess
around with your mother obviously why
would you be depressed did I ever tell
you something that was a joke I've
already depressed about is this somebody
must at you know you don't understand my
whole life is depressing about what it
like something sometimes I really are
going to stop stop what are you doing
drugs no I want to stop stop what my
life
he's got one time I smack the shine like
on my Teresa commas right now I get hate
almost I get hate like little every
second in my life listen every single
second though every single second I'm I
like I get hate and I have to read it
I hate add on his hair is ugly am I just
seeing so like that every single day
there but it's not I'll still live
through it it's not hey what is it
it's hey listen negative shit I'll have
it today what I like I was walking right
and like the Dunkin Donuts aren't there
I was about to order iced coffee and
they said the water's cold
I swear to god it's the waters what the
water was cut I didn't have no cocaine
really nigga so you're mad cuz there's
no coffee
there's no water can even in math cos I
go out told you by math castaway she was
teaching and I don't like the way she's
teaching like serious amber when you're
just looking at me like I'm joking you
don't really knows your other side oh
god Adam you got bad shoes the way she's
teaching dad like slim boy you're like
me pulling reefs no see the green
talking likes them so only some of your
mat of shit like that I know I know but
like that's nothing I'm mad about but
that that happened the wrong you know
what that means
wake up
Brown chilling son you don't understand
cuz this didn't happen to you
well it's getting hot again a hot
cracker window
air it out trying to work look you're
gonna Sully hey I know where the
pibblies but fucking this you'll be fine
get ready well we head out to the we
want to go through okay
Yusef relax we'll go somewhere relax
right
don't put the flush away yeah Yusef sit
down so soon oh I use it use it use it
the fuck is that use it is this what
what what
I'm not sure use a use it use it use it
well you soon the fuck would you do that
bro oh my god get up use it much I'm so
nauseous another if you don't like it
what are you doing hi I can't don't you
put it what is that taser yeah scissor
yeah why'd you do that idiot
they'll try and stop you said what I'm
gonna call you mom my novel and we'll
call the police well I I think I need a
sleep hello call the mom neither please
get up let me go please let me sleep I'm
gonna call the cops I swear to god you
know what I'll call it up wait your hold
him up cuz you trying to add your life
or you stupid wake up sissy I love you
said but I'll wake the fuck is it wake
the cup o Joe Sal wait I'm away ha wait
get off me alone
where'd you get this shit from it's a
stun gun Missy huh hey turn it off heavy
duty tray there okay sit down again the
funny one can look on in the corner man
fuck you and I beat you of Allah I want
to beat you up now cuz he acted stupid
ah
sit down sit down I do it shit like this
don't you wet me Adam why are you doing
shit like this un that's not good I
shall wait I'm on asleep boy he's stupid
for doing this Oh where'd you get this
from tell me condoms
uh-uh come on you get here remember okay
no are you okay no okay
Oh calm down you okay use it use it use
it use it
you said wake up stop fooling yourself
use it hello
so I didn't want what we want you good
what do you want
are you okay I'm being what what the
hell you want are you kiddo breaking
office oh yeah come are tomorrow my
heart ah ah oh my god Bri was going
faster than mine oh my god oh my god yo
you see you idiot oh and it's my
freaking camera you idiot what the heck
gosh Adam I'm so happy this is a
freaking thing I'm so sorry okay okay
well good I think I heard him bad word
damn cuz I thought like he was like you
guys are sure now I'm good why don't you
get you you with your thingy right you
always do have a freaking electric what
is it ah it's a Taser but Oh bro this we
got a freakin Taser where'd you get this
wrong I got it to do this illegal you
know I know it's not what the heck guys
you got a freakin stun gun look yo look
let me show you let me just let me show
you let me show you yeah so how'd you do
it like you want like that did it yes I
didn't don't put on yourself don't put
on yourself it's really scary all don't
put it and let me put on your ass don't
do I look oh let me do it on hip ferla
shit hurts it's real have you tried to
phone oh well I'm not trying are you
stupid
so how'd you know you done us cuz it's a
prig
I can't believe actually fell for it a
little bit not you found over the
beginning hours of over it I give up for
a little bit I'm the first person prank
Adam this cuz you know what happens I
can't get me he's too young
Momsen is too young to use my dad is
told so I should have known that this
dude and the funny thing is I was gonna
prank him
you punk yeah you thinking of something
again I don't see yourself but too bad I
got you remember you caught me so much
I'm so sorry my clothes yeah oh hi guys
I mind just dumb video here thing I was
gonna go subscribe to channel go check
in the link down below but I give you
some a little bit props so give him a
thumbs up I give you a little bit this
video only cuz he hadn't started going
to scare the crap scare my life out so
that's the only thing I fell forward the
stun gun them that I was like what the
heck is he doing but use of his type of
guy to stun gun himself because he does
we're you I'm wet I'm serious weird
weird shit anyways let I see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace I love you
baby please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you're gonna be oh
baby you can have anything
