go around Madison the area where he got
robbed
anyone that you know
nice that's it
hey guys what's up and do me yeah I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having a not so good day right now so if
I'm having and I saw a good day
you all should still be having an
amazing happy day so today was supposed
to be a crazy prank that I was going to
do but it is change of plans Jason just
texted me right now and he told me that
he got robbed for his laptop to any of
the new subscribers you guys do not know
who's Jason Jason is a homeless guy that
I met a couple weeks ago and if you guys
want to see the video the links there's
two or three links down below you ever
see him he's basically a homeless guy
that I met and he was kind of like a fan
of my vlogs and I never give him a
camera and a laptop and a lamb start
like his own youtube channel and I got
him a place but he ended up getting
robbed right now for his laptop because
all the homeless people are after him
because they seen how he's all over the
internet so everyone is after him so I'm
heading to him right now I do not know
like what's mostly what's going on but I
believe he been got robbed but he just
told me today because I think he was
ashamed or scared to tell me I don't
know I don't know why he's scared to saw
me so I'm gonna go see him today and I'm
gonna go see what the heck is up cuz I'm
I'm feeling really angry like why steal
a freaking laptop from someone who do
didn't do nothing it Jason is innocent
why steal a laptop from someone but
we're gonna go see what's up and I'm
gonna head to him right now okay do me
I'm outside right now I'm heading to go
see Jason I want to see what's going on
and I want him to explain everything in
the vlog and I want to find the person
who robbed Jason so I want to find that
person cuz it's messed up it's literally
my stuff and I'm explain to you guys why
it's my stuff what's up I am with Jason
I finally met up with him and they
actually seen him a couple days ago but
he was too ashamed to tell me something
which I'm mad at you about Jason because
he ended up telling he was scared to
tell me I don't know what don't be
scared you can tell me anything this
little you're my brother tell me
anything I got your back you can let me
know let me know anything so he too
ended up telling me today about how he
got robbed for his laptop and I want him
to explain it to you guys how he got
robbed for his laptop so
after this we can go look for the person
who China Robin hawk and Dallas
my laptop rock down my hand
yeah I'll hold it like this
somebody snatched it ran and try to go
after but I can't run
did you see any of you guys face
anything I share with the guy looks like
how do you look tall short tall
fair yeah
zombozo so he run fast fast he went fast
for a pretty big guy and he's a homeless
so he's a homeless man I want the I'm
mad at you again Jason you keep going
back to hanging out with these people
like I can tell him these like friends
that he has now are your friends that
they're after you man
they're haters they're no they're
seriously this seriously aptly so I'm
trying to tell you stay away from them
and just be as you know have a small
circle have only that one real friend
that will protect you never get me no
saying but how do they treat you how do
your the very very differently how do
they treat you like what are they doing
out there mean to
and you know why it's messed up because
I understand if someone steals from
somebody for like foods almost feels
food that's okay maybe they were hungry
maybe someone was like hungry they
wanted food but if someone steals maybe
five dollars ten dollars money maybe
they were hungry that I feel bad for
them somebody someone steals a laptop
from someone that's just that's just
messed up you have no heart if you're
stealing a laptop from someone who just
literally got the lab site and by the
way Jason had two videos ready to be up
but in the laptop since it's gone
he can't post it up anymore so he had
two videos I'm gonna be up for you guys
and now he can't look around okay
luckily so gasps camera we're gonna try
to get him a new laptop stealing a
laptop is like especially being a
youtuber it's like your life that's
basically like your life that's right oh
man don't cry man you good bro don't
ever let anyone make you cry promise
right now I'm gonna try to go look for
the guy whose story Susie blunder why
like his own people his own boys are
doing that but don't let anyone make you
cry don't let anyone make you sad or
anything like that okay okay so we're
gonna see what happens right now we're
gonna look for someone you could use you
good men don't have you seen anyone tall
and you want tall chubby took a laptop
somewhat on shopping someone took his
laptop so trying to find who took his
laptop
hi Jason
you don't have a little
it's good man I like seeing that my god
yeah that's a man but he's my homie too
though
someone took his laptop someone stole
his laptop so I'm trying to look for
interrupts Manhattan for you
yeah this is the this is the tourist
section yeah New York so what normally
happens in the tourist section when
people don't kind of understand what's
going on yeah get ripped off just
annoying I'm homeless out here yeah
don't nobody know you know about that
more than anything you know I'm Santa's
you know I'm out here man his brother
right here and met me on the curb plenty
of time gave me know
as good like man takes is pretty god
that's good I appreciate it
that's really good and of God yeah ya
know
definitely in maranatha
he's got you made my day Bob sounds
angry someone robbed involve what's in
there I'm Wayne wait let's see meet you
Ray that is a pleasure man come in and
meet up now I don't know that's good he
made I like ya do people who are
gathered man gonna miss hi guys that
dude was so so nice so Jason decided so
there's something nice back to him
before we go look for the thief and he's
gonna go give him a little something so
yeah just to make you smile because you
can know what someone's genuine by like
talking with them thank you so much man
and I appreciate what they want you to
do - Wayne yeah I want you to anywhere
like around here on like protect them
some people what about my ear no let's
go
well I appreciate okay I appreciate
about a long shot people appreciate a
vision that's good that's good hundred
percent was good I could manage he was
good
that's good week that was so so sweet of
Jason Jason man you the man seriously
system rooster but right now we're gonna
go look for I don't around what area was
placed that someone brought he was
so we're going to go around there and
see what's up because at the same time I
do not want to blame anyone but you said
you know how he looks like we're gonna
go look for him but luckily his laptop
was locked but the thing is I don't know
if he probably he's probably gonna sell
it or something but if we see him and he
lets me know who he is it's gonna be a
wrap ladies Amir I don't like people
doing that I don't like people doing
that message shit I don't like people
doing being bullies and going around
robbing people for laptop go around
Madison there yeah where he got robbed
looking
anyone that you know
when I first met
Creason tell me at work
sir yeah sure
tell me hit it saved him and he points
them out that's it
so looking guys we're still looking
right now it's pretty hard looking for
someone like popped a laptop in New York
City NYC is literally huge so looking
for someone as I can possibly but by the
way he's gonna upload an update video
and I'm gonna have to edit for him
because he has half the laptop right now
so I'm upload that for him and then
after that he's gonna have more videos
coming soon hopefully when he gets a new
laptop and then he'll start uploading
because I supposed to come and teach him
how to upload but his laptop was gone
but we're looking for the thief right
now and we've been walking for a while
and it's hard but we go hopefully find
someone that's know
I'm seeing seeing longer than expected
but how many homeless people are there
in
for the nails of the cow
40,000 in County homeless people in New
York City so just counted 40,000 counts
so we're pretty much we're pretty much
looking 40,000 homeless people in New
York City so we have to look round about
I'm trying to do like my best
investigation he said around Madison
Avenue so I'm going around the Madison
Avenue line right now which is right
here so if you guys do not know Madison
Avenue has a lot of like homeless people
so and a lot of them know Jason is some
of them were his friends before but
after that some of them are his fake
friends which I tell you every single
every single time now stay away from
like because I know the people I know
the people who are like you can see it
in them you can see it another way the
shady initiate like that guy before
Wayne he seems cool he's chill he didn't
do nothing like he didn't ask her
nothing
that's why he gave him he didn't ask
other people they asked straight up but
like they just do the weird thing so
twice you'll see we got to have to catch
the person this is it's been like
walking around like two miles so far
this has been literally like over an
hour we're looking for the thief and
we're not we haven't found him but jason
said that there's a place where he
sleeps at but he's always there like
late late night and I can't make it late
night cuz I have to go out and see slim
and see my family
we're gonna go there sometime this week
and we're going to see hopefully you
seemed there but we haven't seen anyone
right now and we've been looking around
for an hour and we're getting hungry
so as Amana which is going to go eat
something and just enjoy the day me
Jesse can enjoy the day and just stay
positive because even though they just
on the negative this is ignore it and
hopefully karma fight him back in the
butt part Chipotle Chipotle Travolta
let's go hey
I don't know what Chipotle charges like
$20 per wife come over here they do
extra buckle why their reason was
expensive
avocados are question she's right I'm a
kind of a bullying it's so good so so
good
usually I never eat Chipotle but Jason
somebody Chipotle and it's really good
just got done eating and we're still on
a little more research because I don't
know I want to be on more of a search
right now Jason all you got to do is say
yes
there no oh yeah to say yes or no
look around
tell me good you tell me
no no guys still no I'm waiting for that
yes and I confirmation it's hard guys
I'm so sorry it's hard but I'm taking
you guys on this search with me because
wants to catch the guy is it's gonna be
game over like it's gonna be my teacher
my crazy lesson okay do me yank so this
search is officially done right not me
and Jason we're gonna go to the bank I'm
gonna set him up a bank account so you
can be good and know how to like use
everything so one of you gets the food
and the Chloe has okay do me yeah it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoy this vlog I'm so sorry that had to
take you guys with me through this bad
energy through everything but I do daily
vlogs every single day so I have to take
you guys with me every single day so
thank you guys so much for your love and
support it truly means the world you
guys got got me 16 million views in five
days that is that is insane and almost
two million subscribers on this channel
the vlog Channel this is literally and
saying all together that's almost 4
million subscribers that is crazy thank
you guys so so much I can't thank you
guys literally more than enough thank
you thank you thank you I'll see you
guys tomorrow do me hang thumbs up I'll
see you guys tomorrow pitch so baby
please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be prouder for
you
so don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna be Oh baby you can have anything
you want from me
