yeah I'm not great hi guys guys he's
gonna make me stand on there something
weird is no this is dangerous
look try this at home over screaming the
enemy adam-11
hey guys what's up and Jimmy gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day right now we're
heading to go pray jamya usually I don't
like this part but today I'm applying
because I got a special guest with me
Maher said say honey and I have more
special guests that want to be my son I
met I believe hua ji like I'm in traffic
because everyone's going to go pray
that's how much traffic is in New York
all the traffic collisions Donna thank
thank you
let's go you got it the way doing
thank you buddy Hopa good thing
so I had to leave the Masjid early and
take Watson to the park because he was
randomly smacking random people I don't
know where - smacking random people he
took some guys kulfi off he was being
really really bad to the point where I
had to take him out and taking it apart
because he thought the message was apart
and it was literally unacceptable Boston
you need to learn your chisels Oman oh
man oh I'm a fighter one out come on the
guys do go down to slough he's scared
you again did you have fun
this kid loki looks like mutton and
agent Muhsin mostly gets win find its
way right there
yeah coming into color get - his name is
marcin ok ha how old is he he's too
I'm every 300 third exam Wow nice your
mother's twin yes twin she the Asian
version of Muslim look me look alike I
got the message right now why'd you say
what's up squad I do take it out cuckoo
singing are not always a good leader
safety these guys take it out so we go
to that ready
I read the Ross and finally but and what
it loves amiable Ricky Ricky likes you a
lot usually beats up random people but
Paul I was give me a good dad and it
goes up oh yeah this is it
hi guys so mustn finally left I'm here
at gym at school and I'm trying to sneak
him out for two minutes he's old school
right now we're trying to sneak him out
for two minutes and take him back just
like I say hi and he can leave
see slow I was watching you accept
yourself sexy new job Oh obviously what
am i I'm mostly memory Wow only give it
was your eyebrow man what happens it
I'll tell you I go he's good you good
you good putting them on I'll some UK
grad music like it it's called beer I'm
driving you digger good single why did
you shit crap see I got you crappy for
the most time videos all night come
first we come for me tender hey
bystander last months and then you don't
understand thank you three-month about
this no leg room no no ma I don't talk
about me when I'm x2 obviously the best
food is in New York City is that right
or is that right of course
mid wash the automatic orders right
Wow avocado salad I don't pray to put
all the video in a state oh right lady
range makes it look to the DA for other
toes not yeah you have huh
okay then he'll hurt oh yeah
I put three jalapenos inside his Bergen
fucked up let me do that you said he was
like I was out of it I was like no wow
he's holding I defeated it brother fuck
try another one no man so we just got
done eating guys just came through he's
right there
I'm taking them to Union Square oh we're
taking up to Union Square so it's gonna
be a crazy crazy time units burgers the
weirdest people there so I want them to
see unit square we're gonna see how it
goes so this is a Venice of New York
this is unit square yep this is the
weirdest people around here you just
meet them our hello this weird people
man
yeah how come you out there now get the
fuck out of my face why you cursing
around bro that shit out of my fuckin
trouble
what did you see he just come over yes
we're obviously are you too old
what everybody look at that hell no no
it's great hi guys guys he's gonna make
me stand on him somewhere did know this
is dangerous little try this at home
yeah sure
Oh
yo
ah dance
yo this is what I mean about weird
people's he then you step on him like a
basketball you keep this bed he's like
the random people step on him Hey
I like unis course you need square this
reminded me of Venice back in California
I think - is more weirdo oh yeah this is
more weird yeah yeah there but it was
just like crazy that the guy wanted to
like people to step on its stomach that
was some weird crazy clown 10:01 who's
coming to sneak on it's going to be over
here at 34th Street Javits Center the
game is Sunday 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time
New York City time right here near 34th
Street 35th Street 36 feet 11th Avenue
so come through it's gonna be a
turned-up day and go you're gonna see us
win Miwa cheers we want you to shake
right now special do me a shake how that
should do it
something for the kids you know I know
so if I got what I give is in the works
a guitar guys we got access inside sneak
O'Connor now because the sneaker has a
shot at the fire kicks crew kicks
sneaker con they're blowing up they're
fixing up everything it's gonna look
good on you didn't so I'm the biggest
sneaker cause in the world which is in
New York City and down there they're
building the basketball courts that
we're gonna play they're making it their
building so I'm gonna show you guys in a
few and it's gonna look crazy though so
it's right here so if anyone comes
sneaking time this right here it's
around 37 38 Street 11,000 3733 11,000
the greatest sneaker con on earth like
look at them building the quick right
there wow this is handmade bet look this
is the quarter this is the basketball
court making it right there
hi guys doing I appreciate you guys we
gotta remember are we ready you see this
core right here we bout to make history
pursue Monday should I love you do it oh
wo oh I might just playing the Gucci
football you know but the pullover
so if anyone's coming javis enter the
game right here the game is gonna be
right here anyone's coming you're gonna
see us at the game right here I'm saying
it again it's up to you guys anybody
around the New York area please let me
see us play right here i'ma try my best
and I'll play my hardest and we're gonna
see how it goes that's it hi guys
meanwhile Jesus we're on the same team
we got to think of a dope dope and shake
so we trying to practice a dope
handshake I didn't decide again look so
we're coming out together
Oh should be like something light like I
don't know I know it's like exercising
one two three four boom like I don't
know
is this a crew Krug look at this right
here Oh coo coo coo about to take they
first out but still dope I got it it's
all look at this this is sick it's comfy
easy no fighting sir yeah that's hip
he's a dope man like the fight kicks in
the cooking stress but it's inspiration
I like when I says I do nothing but like
that was dope man
oh yeah we get fired by you nah boss is
especially let me take a picture shares
adobo thank you
like it ever sue got 400 so all the same
thing yeah say me same thing today can't
see just from boho your boy slim pug
still goes down
oh my god Cooper Drive even I look up to
39th in 11 hi guys what the part right
now like Isis a barrage of we're doing a
video it's like a thing that shocks you
pretty much electrocutes you and he's
like messing around run around everyone
- I provoke shit dude I don't understand
it so if I do you guys all gotta do it
you're doing he's gonna do it yeah
huh-huh that was Richard zero
yeah well let's stop bro you're pushing
a shit water oh my god don't run around
I wanna be the child no I'm not being a
child I've been in this one this is
wrong I can't bro shock me hard bro hey
sharks hard this is this is a thing
alright doesn't me like it's one two
right here go - I'm one person has to
answer a question for the other person
on that team so you got to rely on your
partner basically Lavo screwed up over
12 to Holliday others with Rajee
I mean Kai's will stay out you knows
he'll watch you guys yeah yeah we're I'm
scared we'll be in the bathroom yeah
he'll be in the background - hi guys so
we're here playing some 2k we got swaggy
Diddy who came from the Bay Area this
first time in New York City so what's up
was good or sorry to you first
just like a bullet it always goes
straight guys a slip we're having a 2k
tournament kinds of summer playing Caius
is um the rocket slim is the Knicks or
and he is about for last quarter one
minute and 40 seconds to go
let's see who wins 34 35 guys is about
one
let's go baby we gotta represent Wasi
huh no fucking way
I was only for you Oh can shoot that
shoot that shoot it
she's so slim boss guy is check the W
I'm about to play hoop I want you but I
let's see what I'm playing Roger okay
I just lost two K against Y genius I
suck in games I'm really bad games man
I'm sorry little a games he set me up
he's seven who's like I have a place is
to Kayla I haven't heard in me 2k 17 but
it's all playing I ain't no swagga ZD
and Kyle add your plane now and the
piper wins gets about ik eyes and look
up salty sim is quiet whenever some
losses he does not talk he does not talk
out on its own if you like any game
virtually you couldn't win either bro
okay do me gang it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoy this like
if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey this weekend is
gonna be dope tomorrow's a regular day
in New York on the day after Sunday it
is the big big day which is the
basketball game it's also a big day
because the USA tour tickets come out
Barcelona tickets meal on tickets
Copenhagen and also know all those
tickets will be out November 6 which is
this Sunday at 6 p.m. New York City time
all those tickets will be out and it's
an atom solid worldwide calm right here
and you can get your tickets there USA
I'm doing so many cities and you guys
can see the picture right here of all
the cities and I'm gonna do it there
this is the official one the official
official official known before that I
showed I think there's a minor mistake
there's a date change this one is the
official one so I cannot wait to see you
guys and I'll see you guys tomorrow do
me AK take care or push allow you so
baby please be who you wanna be
I know
don't let anybody tell you what you're
gonna be oh baby you can have anything
you want
me
