Oh what is that it's egg hey guys what's
up and do me yank I hope you are having
an amazing day because we're having an
amazing day so if we're ever gonna miss
me you all should be having an amazing
happy do me game can I'm moving out
today and I'm going to Hamza and Haley's
house we're not going to check your
cheese I'm going to happens in Heidi's
house no I'm not I'm moving out I'm
leaving I'm leaving already have a new
house this is what I got to go through
whenever I leave or go outside I'm sorry
but I'm going to happens in Hailey's
house for a few days because I want to
vlog with Kaylin hams up a bit
I miss hailey I haven't seen her for so
long I miss Hamza I miss you man I miss
Dina I'm not taking you chuck e cheese
no I'm going to hams and Hannah's house
I can't
Mawson I'm sorry I was she can take you
but I took you three days ago and now
it's time for me to go see Hamza
Highland Jamel Dina the whole Adams
family do me gang also do me getting my
dad is gonna be here I miss my dad so
much everyone misses get do so much get
out the secret room be careful all right
guys you guys are about to see Baba
Salah when you guys see him you guys
ready to give him a hug attack and a
kiss attack like this
yeah let's gotta get ready it has been
good about side he's gonna be here any
minute
I can't wait to see him I miss Baba sali
Boston I think they're here they're
behind you they're behind you they're
coming
the car is pulling up I'm misty Wawa
what's up yo G would also this is so
cute you guys must get do you did how
many how much a little are a little bit
did you miss him big Boston a little
Mawson and Adam oh but you know they're
having either a brother and sister right
yeah they're having a new baby a new
sibling I don't even know if he knows
they're having a new baby yeah yeah you
didn't know no how can you not know why
would you blow it
he's probably what is that it's an egg
yo guys we got some a seed you have mini
food right look at this oh my god looks
like a volcano my mom is doing the
helper right now my cavity might get a
blender you going old-school mom's going
old-school she's using your hands for
like 20 minutes when she can take a
blender and just do it 30 seconds yo
seriously I do not understand man it
feels so good to have my dad back but it
kind of sucks because I'm going to hams
and Hannah's house for a few days and
I'm gonna come back here I'm doing an
epic dance battle with haleyss with doom
again stay tuned for that also there's
this video on the Internet I think it's
like a comedy skit some girl who
pretended to be my wife in a video
because when I did my
am I looking for a wife's kit so I'm
gonna let my dad watch that video and my
dad is gonna believe it and actually
think that she's genuinely proposing to
me also over at the homie Hamza Hamza
what up man I do man chillin my dream
man I miss you guys seriously I'm mr.
Medina say yeah Yousef everyone yeah
seriously man how's school how's
everything you saw what I'll do not stay
in the words that are coming out speak
slower my man who really won Rima yeah
which one
the school I'll jump in school year
talking about Remo he was right here who
did the dropout Frank come you crazy for
that matter
wow it's not crazy listen but I do want
to jump up let me doing a dropout I
don't chaplain school do youtube hamza
hell up man my dad hasn't even seen my
floor like my secret floor so this is
his first time he's gonna see it key
with the guy already yeah it's mine man
very good is the you to war yeah please
obey my god my dad's looking at this you
like it yeah what about this bathroom
poop what out of all the places Marcin
shows him the freaking bathroom it says
poopy what does that vent all right
Bubba so there's this thing where people
are sending me videos to marry them so
you ready to watch it or you seen it
he's looking at it right now so this is
it
where you from she gonna cook she was
out of cook yeah so above us how the
hell MA
so what should I say should I yes or no
maybe yes yes
my dad was about to reject yes or no yes
why yes I know you don't know brother
I don't know but that always goes to
know Egypt she's from the Middle East
she said someone's to have 13 kids woman
okay great 13 kids yeah that's me but 13
kids should I get it or not I think it
is too much
why not too much so I said it so no oh
yes I'm just joking but yeah do we have
to think about it yeah thumbs up my dad
I miss you so much I missed you I was
here see ya how you been doing good you
what no one said they miss you you
missin you miss them a lot
you love him a lot why you hit why do
you keep touching people's faces huh oh
yeah stop touching people's faces
no keep and speak English no yeah about
do you want it to be a boy or girl oh
there there no sibling and no because
they have a new you have a new sibling
either they can have another baby you
know that I yeah do you want boy or girl
boy boy yeah man
do me again I hope you guys enjoyed I am
heading to Homs in Haley's house right
now you guys to get to see Haley
in the next shot it do me gang I just
got two halves in Haley's house and for
this house and I'm here with Hyland and
Bubba it was good he was somehow you
guys doing I miss you guys but uh
yeah well so how does it come here man
did you guys hear about the news me what
finding mine finally what not talk about
Rima Muhsin but do bxa to January 11th
you guys will know I'm here Hamza for
the and Haley's house I'm sleeping over
for a few days so we're gonna be turning
up Hilah
the reason why I came because you
tomorrow we're gonna have an epic dance
battle fathers gonna be your coach and
happens it's gonna be my coach man don't
underestimate the man have them at me I
have the knows how to dance you know I'm
say he knows his moves like that no yes
no we know from his musically I feel
like Highlands getting old Allah she's
getting more mature I don't know what
happens to music least used to go and be
like hey now she's getting older and
warm what happened to be behind it oh my
god
what happened to baby hiding it she's
father what happened a baby behind it
she's getting taller than you - holla
who told her oh my god hold it Haley's
taller Wow a lot of times I thought why
do me gang it is late late night me and
house it man we're still super in video
games the whole time just want to say
January 13th do not forget it do me gang
it is my announcement January 11th is
gonna be the baby shower not a baby
shower but I'm gonna do something really
dope like have you guys seen those
videos we're like you know every seen
those videos yeah like a problem not
probably well done' but you could do
something where like if it's blue it's a
boy and if it's pink it's a girl I want
to do something like that and but the
thing is I don't know if Austin is
getting actually I think he's smart
enough to know that blue is for a boy in
pink for pink is for girls so so I think
he is smart enough so i'ma do that I'm a
gamer yeah now I'm gonna give me China
but I will probably go on livestream
maybe on I don't know twitch or
something like that Bob gonna use it
more - just do weird and like who's that
God man like why like why do you act
like this man do we
I'm gonna wrap up the vlog here if you
guys enjoyed this vlog make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so much we love the
support I appreciate you saying when you
guys I'll see you guys tomorrow with the
epic dance battle you get ready gotta
help me win me some dance moves see see
how it goes the Deauville yang tomorrow
I'll see ya 3 p.m.
stay tuned take care and peace I love
you seen you on the front page pursue
but it'd be a start got the grandma like
PD know who you are for shawnzy
