okay we've ever discovered
Oh count me right here
I want to start this video by telling
you guys thank you so so much for your
love and support
it truly means the world thank you guys
so so much your continuous support your
amazing support lately has been
literally overwhelming thank you guys so
much adieu me getting thank you guys so
much to the new subscribers my name is
Adam Saleh and Marcin Rhema they are not
my kids I have nieces and nephews a lot
of nieces nephews and I call them the
Adams family like I'm literally my
family is my life I'm literally they're
my whole family like my whole channel
consists of like the Adams family
something like Keeping Up with the
Kardashians but we're not we're just
we're cooler than the Kardashians is
that right anyways hey guys what's up we
do me young I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day Muhsin just woke up right now
and like he loves doing the intro with
me I do not know why he literally loves
doing it like I feel like he knows how
to say it but he can't say it you are my
victim a ready yeah he's ready to be my
victim today Mawson is gonna get pranked
he's 2 years old he has no clue what I'm
saying he's gonna get pranked but I'm
not gonna prank him in a crazy scary way
because he's nice I love my life look at
his cute face so we're gonna get him was
something really funny and pretty
interesting so me and his dad which is
my brother we're gonna go out and buy
the same exact clothes we're gonna buy
the same exact load and when I go in
front of him and we're gonna let him
decide who's his dad have you ever seen
those movies when there's like two of
the same people were like hey I'm the
real me and then Watson has to like
decide and see something fun something
friendly and something something cool
and interesting I know my older brother
has a little bit of a beard but wasps
and hopefully no fleas not that smart to
know what she probably will but we'll
see how it goes gonna be fun
thumbs up if you want to keep mustn
thumbs up if you guys would actually
want to keep him like I want to see how
many of you guys would actually want who
wants this guy do you want them yeah
yes are you ready yeah he's so innocent
as no cool what's going on no truth no
what's up do me I'm with Rima and ain't
say what up suicide
was good we're on our way to go buy some
dope dope outfits we're just gonna buy
some regular outfits matter of fact I'm
me and eight for me and Adam 3-month me
and your dad need to get the same twin
outfits so we can go and prank bus and
so so we're gonna go to H&M and we're
gonna get the same exact outfits we have
to look identical so we can make this
funny prank with muss and go well Rima
are you gonna help us remove Freeman
what am I going to be for Halloween
no no what am I gonna be the cops on you
go which one now mama
how about me your mother for me Emma
the only scheduled man with the funny
car huh the sneaky looks really scared
too bad you always get your man huh I
can't do it all you got to do
Andina watched it Robin Baxter wasn't
the guy and again unless you knew Robin
no no the kids are the kids and are you
in the message what did they tell you um
what did they tell you there's no me all
right guys we're shopping right now me
and my older brother we're about to get
this right here I think it looks dope
right get a little gray hat a little
olive sweater and how's it going hi or
what's your name
do you mean you know her have you seen
her in the videos howdy
7/7 oh she's five nice tomato seven -
nice to meet you man I don't know good
oh man I appreciate we got the great
beanies ready and we're gonna get like a
little army pants and because you know
we got to stand out read a little like
twins we're pretty much done with
outfits we're about to head home and
let's get this started mustn't we come a
few baby
okay do me I might get dressed up right
now all the brothers getting dressed up
right now and let's see how it goes I
feel like I feel like my mom is like she
chose the outfits for us because usually
like when we were younger we should wear
the same exact things every single day
so I feel like you know my childhood is
back we're gonna see how it goes and I
don't know
and I am ready olive green I don't know
I love olive green so much
this is looking dope pants are kind of
big but it's all good you came you
heaven what what are you doing
but what are you doing god this is so
weird haha what's going on you copying
me you're copying me yeah copy what are
you doing stop so let's do it like this
alright let's do like this you go first
okay like play with him so like that
then you leave fast right away that I'm
coming right away okay and then you wait
then I'm going I'm be laying there after
that funny huh and after that you come
back in I go
all right after then we be together
don't be tricked I would say that guys
got it you heard it okay speaking about
it let's do it
let it play beat beat you see the deep
this is corn but corn hi
Oh mother you're doing good
yes
fuck it's mine it's mine it's mine
who's Baba was a Baba Baba Baba Baba no
no I'm Bobby I'm Baba
I'm Bubble Boy yes come to Bamako to
Baba which one is bubble come to Bubba
come to Baba who's Baba who's Baba Baba
Baba Baba Baba
really nigga come to me of the Muslim
awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome
thanks
I think Moxon is unpretty he does he we
care
look who's he dad II come to mama which
one is poppy the only cares about the
iPad guys guys this is 2016 kids people
who love iPad watches that's his iPad
universe's that's heavy let my own iPad
is your I have to even have an iPad up
water for him what motion yeah who's the
who's daddy where's Bubba rock come to
Papa come to Papa comes about come to
Papa my cousin Appa you'll go to the
point it got his day mister finally say
yeah he does not care he literally
doesn't care of it Muhsin is not
breakable
Wazza Wazza pause it pause it pause it
pause it
oh I said he does not come look boo boos
boos Bubba come to my papa's gamma
couple about come to Baba he just wants
us to play two three comes about comes
Ababa
he found out Who am I you call me
bubbles hi guys I think he's too young
to even notice that we're wearing the
same exact think so
but pretty funny because he doesn't even
care about any of us he's literally I'm
last year he just care about iPad iPod
that's it this is so we're gonna try on
Rhema even though she I don't even know
what we're doing
I'd even admitting she knows what
exactly we're doing it hi guys we're
gonna bring green one side um cuz
Reavers reaction is so hilarious oh this
let's do it looks Rima hello are you
hurry oh what the heck is she why are
you Rema Rema so come inside hurry up no
come closer Bubba come to Bubba talk to
Bubba come to Papa come to Bubba come
today comes about vanderhill yeah I'm
Bubba I'm Bubba I'm Bubba
I'm Bubba no he's the fake one I'm a
robot I'm the real one he's the fake one
I'm done I'll shave my beard how much me
he's here to Spain is real I'm Baba
shaved it off he put a big one I don't
get over there no Adam get out hey Danny
Danny come on let's fake my own is is a
cut off fake a small MacArthur Baba it's
a small cut about Bianca okay give you a
real Baba hug
ready set go bah bah bah bah bah bah
yeah he wants me I'm on it's me Bryan my
Baba give me the heart I'm Baba
hi guys real smart goodbye rumor so
small dad I'm gonna catch you I'm gonna
run to second down hi guys we're gonna
end the video here it was a fun fun
video I hope you guys enjoyed this video
is a little nice mess around if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up
subscribe for daily videos thank you
guys so much bill up it's a lark to go
Turkey I'll see you all on Twitter
literally I see all your fan accounts
I'm gonna be showing a lot of you guys
extra love on the vlogs for anyone who
has a favorite song because I want you
guys are showing me love with Finn
account so I'm gonna show love right
back to you guys thank you guys so much
and yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow
pitch I love you so baby please be who
you wanna be
I know your father will be part of who
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
Oh baby you can have anything
