I've been thinking the whole time she
thinks like she's I'm her uncle and
she's my niece I've been thinking like
submitting it wrong and it wasn't baby
fun hey guys what's up idumaean I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day so I am feeling
really really sick actually just got
back from the hospital right now I
started vlogging really late I wasn't
gonna vlog I wasn't gonna upload any
times you're gonna lay down and do
nothing but then I thought that'll just
make me like bored and just depressed
thinking about me being sick so I
decided share with you guys and let you
guys know what happened at the hospital
because I was so so freaking so I've
never been this sick for like years
years my shell like for like so long
I've never been sick but today I felt
really really sick I had a crazy cough
and had a crazy annoying headache that I
still have right now and I was like you
know I need to go to the hospital
because I had this like headache for so
long and I need to get like some
medicine and I had this car for so long
because I keep changing weather wherever
I go so once I got to the hospital they
told me I might have asthma which is so
so scary the end up giving me this thing
that like I put on my face like little
smoke was coming out I was so scared but
they ended up telling me it's not really
nothing out you need to stay warm and
they gave me like these little
antibiotics and like a cough medicine so
hopefully I'll be good and she'll like
but I'm still gonna give you guys a vlog
so gonna be a home vlog but it's gonna
be a fun home vlog because my family's
here and I'm here and I'll probably say
some stuff up imma talk about some stuff
that I really talk about so I'll let you
guys know hey hey go put on some pants
I said go put on some pants they it stop
look look look I'm looking so I need to
tell you guys a story about Muhsin so
Mawson met a fan today and the fan
trying to pick him up at Mawson punched
the fan in the face literally punched
the fan in the face I'm telling you you
need to stop being like that this dude
gives no hugs no kisses or nothing
really really like she's a you know
she's affectionate she's always been
affection ever since she was younger
this dude right here I'm so sorry to
offend he punch in the face I am
so so sorry I apologize I apologize on
his behalf
this kid has some issues sometimes and
it's not for because I taught him out of
box now in be teaching about hug and
kiss like you look when a fan sees you
and says oh my god Mawson what are you
gonna do give a big hug like this yes
like that yeah it's just like that okay
okay so when the fan comes in oh Mawson
your mam santim Adam saw lungs right yes
okay you're gonna give them a hug okay
so you go and then you go like this
eager than me kiss gonna kiss Oh guys
see this er I'm saying this dude is
crazy see this what I mean by Rima being
always affectionate and just like she's
always not a sweetheart rimas a sweet
Reema you're forever be a sweet but
right now she has homework she's gonna
do a homework and I got something to
talk about with you guys because a lot
of you guys are 15 what page are you
doing a lot of you guys are commenting
oh my god she doesn't know how to say
that what the heck oh my god she's
dyslexic oh my god she doesn't know how
to read she does know how to write but
the thing is Reema she's in kindergarten
she just turned five years old most of
you guys for everything she's like six
seven eight years old because she's she
looks bigger than what she is but she's
five years old just turned five and she
just started like the real real school
which is kindergarten pre-k is nothing
kindergartener they just started like
you know reading and stuff like that so
she's gonna be really smart mashallah
and I promise you guys she won't be
killing it in schools just now she's
going through this weird phase but she's
gonna be real smart read that for me
show them how you can read read it um um
how can you
goodbye Rima I'll try to help you
I tried goodbye draw and write about a
friend this is draw and write about
friend um an ocean huh a friend a friend
find I know I know it's huh
who's your friend's name my friend yeah
Oh tell me your friends names I've never
asked you these questions stuffy mom
whose Reema I'm talking about myself and
then Oh
whole evolved it was it just me at the
Rima just say ah let's kid just hit me
with a freaking come
Mo's it oh stop put it on put it on give
me that
Dumbo this is Solange Solange mustn't
stop please stop
mmm Rima Who am I to you what what kind
of brother big brother a little brother
huh thing weather so mean you have the
same dad
no so how am I your brother you you and
me you and your dad other you guys aw
you guys are 13 we're 13
I'm 23 Reema ok hallo hallo
so Meany or what your what your what to
me I'm 5 and um okay so are you my niece
or sister sister and I'm your brother
this is like a plot twist like all your
life five years long and she's never so
mean you
so we're siblings so we can do a sibling
tag video huh I've been thinking the
whole time she thinks like she's I'm her
uncle and she's my niece I've been
thinking like submitting it wrong
baby come fund where do what baby come
from that they don't teach you that in
school
no did I just hear what I just heard up
did I just hear what you say to me Mom
random baby come from
I never knew this day's gonna come but
your big brother is gonna answer it okay
we had paint what does that have to do
with anything you put me on the spot
right so I'm up so um
babies babies babies what are babies
babies babies are babies babies come
from you see the mother so the mother
eats some the mother eats broccoli right
so the mom eats broccoli there's a baby
that comes up in the leg so when the
baby has in the leg the doctor will go
the doctor like the people the doctor
they opened the mom's leg and after that
they take out the baby so when they take
out the baby that's that's where the
baby comes and making okay Marvin
yes mom did you bug me today yeah say
well no don't lie to you Rima Wow
you told me you brought me today oh yeah
I'll be eating salad ah three solitary
yeah and juice I didn't kiss you know
what that means right that means you
gonna have a baby from here Wow yes you
are you see any newsy you're gonna have
a baby soon baby soon wanna hear that
man but I'm proud of you look see you
Rima congratulations new five yeah
congratulations you can have a baby
get the hug me honey let me coach it
hello I love you love you baby to
calabasa yeah can I go outside hey we
can have it no why because I like you
but are gonna you know I'm still feeling
really really sick my rooms a mess I
didn't want to move or do anything but
there is this challenge video that I
want to do that I want to talk to you
guys about it's like it's like noodles
or something like that but it's like the
spiciest noodles in the world something
like that I don't know but it's the
spiciest noodles in the entire world
like it'll make you cry so you guys let
me know if I should do that
even though it really hates like I mean
like Alex Wyse evil but I hate when it's
too spicy it'll go crazy but feel like
it'll be dope challenge video so you
guys let me know if I should do it or
not
what I always do when I'm just like
laying down I literally just look at it
tweets like Instagram comments I just
read YouTube comments and I just read a
comment right now someone was like oh my
god Adam you're performing in New York
City finally you're coming to New York
City and I'm like like I live in New
York City which is crazy because not
much people know I live in New York City
I don't know you should just know that I
live in New York City and not much
people know that but I am performing in
my city in 2017 and a lot more other
cities but my city is NYC and while she
but one thing that I really appreciate
the u.s. always do is the fan accounts
you guys always do an Instagram Twitter
Facebook whatever it is but Instagram
and Twitter mostly because I'm always on
Instagram Twitter so thank you guys so
much for your love and support in the
BIOS and the profile pictures in the at
names I literally like I always want to
show love and support for you guys and
always follow you guys back when I see
fan accounts and like that so if you
guys are a fan account on Instagram or
Twitter tweet me or comment somewhere at
my Instagram and I'll show you guys in
the vlog in tomorrow's vlog okay do me
hang it it's time to wrap up this vlog I
hope you all enjoy wog
even though it's kind of sure and it was
just a home vlog I really hope you got
still enjoy and if you do make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey thank
you guys so much for loving support I'll
see you guys tomorrow with another daily
vlog
take care do me and her peace I'll owe
you so baby please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you wanna be
Oh baby you can have anything you
