I'm talking to you you have to stay here
do you want America to be great again
I'm really really great no stop great
yeah really great good okay this guy how
do you go to make America great again
tell me what are you gonna do he's gonna
kick my Oh No how are you do me a guy
hope you all have an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day this week is
prank week it's the biggest prank week
that I'm ever doing yesterday I pranked
3 miles you guys can see the I want Remo
sign is still there today I'm pranking
my dad I was gonna prank mustn't say
about it you know what he's my partner
in crime so you ready he's my partner
god I love you fine
dab on it no but seriously muffs are you
ready to break my dad I don't even know
why I asked him if he's ready because
I'm the one who does the prank he's the
one that just stands there and looks and
just these cute like this what is what
is he doing so this is how I'm gonna
prank my dad today so as you guys know
Election Day is coming up and a new
president is about to be announced in
the United States of America and you
have to vote for president my dad has no
clue that's the good thing he has no
clue when like anyone is supposed to
vote so I told him I kind of mess with
him today and I told him I'm gonna go
vote today and when I come back I'm
gonna tell him that I voted for Donald
Trump I did something like this before
but this time it's the actual voting
that I'm gonna do it before I go vote I
have to dress up and you don't have to
look like I'm on you know damn I'm smart
so I'm gonna put this suit on and oh and
I'm ready to do it
okay I'm done and I'm ready I really
hate wearing suits because they are so
uncomfortable I don't know I hate it so
so much but um I gotta look like I'm
going to vote and I also got to talk
like I'm brainwashed by Donald Trump so
let's see how it goes
ready do this um yeah let's go say hi to
my dad and let's do this
thumbs up and do me again thumbs up guys
I'm my dad right now about about to go
and vote for president right now all
right let my hobby I don't know I'm
gonna go i'ma come back and I'm gonna
let you know okay all right when you
gonna go now I'm gonna go now well now
ya gonna go vote now now yeah wait New
York in New York City yeah I gotta go
look nice I'm gonna go vote and when you
see how it goes okay all right thank you
to me I just got home my dad is
somewhere in his room I do not know what
he's doing i'ma sit down there and wait
till my dad comes and I must fill him
the news
give it up I've been very clear how that
you're here
no that's one well I need believe you
know I voted to their fan to vote allele
oho so not oh no honey turn off your
cellphone right
this is mr. Stevens yeah this is this
Adams out there oh let's call you know
that your phone has been accepted
oh thank you so much I saw got accepted
for Republican Donald Trump vote yes yes
thank you so much
oh yeah okay thank you what do you good
for you but they might run you having
troubles no good
okay can I see something yeah the minute
one day I got emotional people they lack
in the himself he didn't even pay tax
how you race Ted given about it - oh hey
we have lot of money for poor man in
states like that well you know even pay
one penny tax why you wanna vote for him
there's a bloke well you got America
down no he's not gonna make America
great again that's why he said no no
give me for it what if he said Gabriel
what is it a TV yeah do it
meet me and him have no vote I gotta go
to a plan I already voted for him yeah
why would have a hurry I don't want to
go failure I vote for Donald Trump why
because I I want part to go back to
Yemen really nigga you are you gonna
take her to Yemen - why why are you
doing it to save me
oh my ought to go back to Yemen why she
keeps snitching on me minute
she keeps snitching on me how you know
me all you want to talk to it yeah
okay three ugly you're gonna talk okay
yes Wheaton speakers received no you
should want him to he's gonna tell you
to go Finn who was I see that is run
yeah
huh hey mr. Stevens oh yes is that yes
Adam can you speak to my dad he said he
doesn't want to vote for Donald Trump
yeah hello good after already feel yes
don't I make you pretty good oh that's
good that's good so who are you gonna
for this upcoming election
Ben said that's right now would when
mercury is covered I'm gonna with an
abrasion I own you've done chops
no no no no your dad at rumba he didn't
pay no tax if it you rate stays down you
make America great again
come on he loves Muslim people because
they're ugly they like the Muslim people
we are embassy we had forgiven it you
like her what do you mean it was Aviva
Garvey what are you talking about we are
we add number one people we are number
one then what you I hate mr. Stevens all
right so yeah I think if I were a grant
active huh 1aqaq this Wireless we do oh
he shouldn't be but it's garbage you
didn't know what he's talking over no
but the Donald Trump is good he's good
Oh mrs. even thank you yes I told you um
be honest yeah I'ma be honest I want my
heart to go back to yon yeah you're
gonna go - yelling - who me yeah no
that'll chop easy to make out of I
couldn't go to a man who's gonna go to
Yemen
you know dama Trump is gonna make her
good you know you're going to go to him
and I'm gonna go to your mate come on
you gotta talk to you am I gonna go to
Yemen because because wow I like Donald
Trump one don't make me nerds what don't
make mean that okay I have to go to
Yemen
well I'm not even your mother guys I'm
full of Donald Trump yeah cuz I thought
over dynatrap take take the whole team
all to Yemen well as we when I'm
shopping as president he's gonna take a
chairman I said and then we truly did
literally take everybody to Yemen
who's gonna take me hey he don't like
white people Dennis Rodman he does he
loves me yeah look I got an email he
said you loved me look Donald Trump
email no this is gorgeous no good what
and meanwhile the Sun I believe it this
guy no good
he can't even control United States away
can he didn't know what are you doing
do you want to become president me yeah
no I don't want to be written
I don't want too much a dick if you
become president what would you do what
I do if you become president or would
you do I make that poor people rich and
you make the rich people what if
somebody gambit layered let me spell 50
million to the poor people like that I
like them what else would you do I do
 the country it can be very same
thing from the smaller than to a
president with a bridge so everybody
same fake everyone is gonna be equal Z
say I like that I like that's good
I want you to vote it down a chump
though I want you to vote friend oh you
know I'm believe that's it I'm on you
until it grows I'm gonna leave
oh you have to fight here you make fun
okay I'm gonna leave here I want to
leave I don't know you have to stay here
oh I'm Republican I'm talking to
you
yeah please to you do you want America
to be great again I'm gonna carry really
great
no stop great yeah really great america
okay this guy how do you go to make
America great again tell me what are you
gonna do he's gonna kick my on out okay
go get out
yeah mommy go what are you anger to go
back to Yemen you're going to go to I'm
not going I'm not going to Republic give
you an example
no no but let me go a little bit - okay
good what poor a pen to your face okay
okay move away be nice I am nice
okay then it's wrong it in the
commercial is a lack of Mexican this
will good people
this will we pray five times a day we
are nice people wait wait I sell it we
should do nothing
yes America newspaper American the
channel seven character everything but
it is good
Americans names we age in America we are
Americans in the Sevilla America kiss
something is Noble okay can I tell you
something yeah on a boat for you for
president
yeah oh this drunkenness
what message do me a say what's up
is it a new president of the United
States of America the first Muslim
president ma says I'll just message I'm
not gonna vote I'm nothing I'm not gonna
vote for Donna shops but I don't have
nobody my dad I don't think I haven't
voted for anyone either because I want
to Bernie Sanders so I feel like these
presidents listen you know okay ithc go
with that good company would vote for
the bad people vote for him yeah hey
everybody 500 of us I don't know what's
going on but there's some shady stuff
going on since george w bush but we're
now like some more shady stuff is going
on everybody 500 doesn't all your early
state everybody what we're me collect
500 loves
that's some crazy my dad Oh idiots
Illuminati is about to be after God
already guys Illuminati is about to be
after my dad vote no don't be saying
obtain is the dream they're going to
like this everybody go for him he's a
millionaire he got blown up it is for
the poor rich man you're NSA number four
what I don't know knows but I don't want
to I feel like the voting with Hillary
done a damn job I feel like you're
voting for like who's just gonna be less
of like they're both not good so you're
voting for who's less of not good I
don't know if you know what I mean but
they're both like bad so who's less bad
I don't know that's why I'm not voting
I'm voting me I go back him he gonna
make it
you think so mother thinks he's gonna
make out I don't think scene I think
Hillary Clinton no no no no cuz if
Donald Trump I think Donald Trump he's
just a publicity stunt he's just you
know it's for attention you get me so
that's what I think that's my opinion
but me my dad had to go great I'm sorry
and I love you so much what are you guys
up my thumbs up if you want my dad to
become president thumbs up my dad like
this we got any gonna be the better
right but it didn't who me yeah hey I'm
the vice president president and vice
president guys thank you guys so much
watching it was so fun doing this I'll
see you guys tomorrow say take care be
these happy life right I love you too
baby
we wanna be I know your father will be
proud of where you're gonna be
so don't let anybody tell you what
you're gonna be Oh baby you can have
anything you
