what's up my name is Batman my name is
Bam Bam and we're here to save your day
with this vlog we're gonna fight for you
guys ready save the day you ready to go
we're gonna go flat right now let's go
ready set
Oh okay okay okay so start the body to
me okay guys I am with Remo CI since
yesterday yeah but she's forcing me to
go get a costume I was he gonna get
attention huh you're five yeah I've
never set up as you're forcing me
I didn't say her for she's forcing me to
get a costume and we're about to go get
a costumer and I do not know who I'm
gonna be
let's be honest I miss him probably imma
let Rima just choose for me what do you
wanna be Ramon um Bobby she's gonna be
Barbie I'm gonna be I have no clue and
we're also gonna surprise Muhsin with a
costume we're gonna see all you never
what are we gonna get Mawson what don't
mustn't
nevermind rimas jealous she only wants
to give herself a freakin casa
you had to give my Santa costume - Jenny
- Djem alacazam - yeah oh you know this
is a done July the drug vader darth
vader cute was keep along even though
what I love about this bike look it
folds I can just put it here go get
stuff come back hey that's right there
you ready go what are you gonna get the
candy guys ever buy a new house which I
am in a few months I'm gonna get this in
my house lot of a joking
I'm gonna get some crazy stuff in my
house ready let's go hi guys I'm gonna
choose a constant - I have literally
like hundreds to choose from so I don't
know which one to choose I want to be
something dope I don't to be like a
basic cat or Mickey Mouse like I've
always been maybe I should be the poop
emoji Rima you said you wanted to be
Barbie when you want to be Barbie or
Spider Girl
you're so indecisive what I'm saying
circuit testing
she said she doesn't know she chooses
first spider-girl the Ninja Turtles and
Barbie these two muster choose yeah it's
only girls who do that if a boy comes he
would just be like yeah let me just get
that in our silver girls like no no I
want to be this no no I don't know oh my
goodness oh but this really cute but
that will acute - hold up let me send it
to my sister
guys doing it then the flag was what's
uh what are you guys gonna be probably
I'm gonna be a unicorn
hey unicorn shout out superwoman you
look for what's up who is that we don't
even know who that is
butterfly so you want from Barbie to
that to butterfly I keep changing after
a whole 20-30 minutes
Riva finally chose spider girl I do not
know why and now we're gonna choose
Lawson's costume and do not always gonna
choose but it's a lot of queue
sorry-looking when should we get
everyone's fun about you like he loves
fun mom okay guys so change of plans
rimas no longer Spider Woman she's that
girl
Batwoman this is yours it's the same
exact one it's the costume was just a
different girl on it this is what I mean
about girls going it's the same one just
a different girl on it no it's not it's
not gonna come it doesn't come with the
hair she thinks it comes with this girls
here she like the other girls here
Boston is gonna be that baby and I'm
gonna be Batman so we're all gonna match
and it's gonna be really read though I
cannot wait to dress it on and the vlog
huh your back girl yeah one hour later
we finally got everything we need and
about to get the bike and yeah ready to
go right again Wendy looks like about to
rain
Rima me dream about to go on a fast fast
crazy motor cycle ride ready
sure hold on say whoa we're gonna oh my
god oh my god I know it's blowing us
away
hey get off your camera my back
with this file right now
oh all the back do not let go
do not let go Kamini we just got caught
in the rain literally rained so hard my
camera's wet the costumes are a little
bit wet everything is wet really look at
what she is man I'm freaking soul my
whole body everything everything okay
hey my you okay yeah whoo what's up ado
me gank so we just got home we were
soaked wet how was the rain ride
was it good crazy it was literally crazy
Rima was annoying me so much she's
non-stop talking while I was on the
electric bike she's like why is Allah
making it rain like why I'm like cuz you
know the trees he's making it the trees
got to grow but why why now why am I
what's wrong with you she asks some
crazy crazy questions no ready to put on
our costumes Marcin is not here he's
actually in times as how space coming
later so when he puts on the costume
he's gonna put it on later but me Rima
I'm gonna put on first lady coming right
now
coming later no he's coming later why
you always gotta argue with me he's
coming later not right now no later I
know he's coming later
hey late I said later Oh
seriously what you guys don't see is me
Rima we are you alike literally every
single day about the dumbest things
we've fight you hard you're the one
that's always starting the arguments how
many do nothing stop lying look to me
I'm not what are you gonna do then what
you gonna do
oh I caught you like what you gonna do
up what's up what's up coach what's up
you know what I'm you know sad me she
does hurt herself it yeah karma karma is
a bit karma is doing human at the wall
huh I can't hear you at all yeah yes why
don't you miss ARIMA whoa gee
don't ever Oki thumbs up okay okay calm
down don't ever touch Reema me touch me
he touched you I don't like that okay
nobody touched you what's up cuz
what up no you calm down cuz if you
touch Reema one more time it's over
swear I'm about to put on my costume
dreamers by the put on hers and let's do
this
all right guys we're ready we got Batman
Adam here and Batwoman Reema and I don't
know you guys let us know is this dope
yeah is it yeah that woman who's messing
with you
come on the wall you only beat it up
beat it up with him you let's do it go
pop pop pop pop up I don't even know how
Batman fights to be on the fly even if I
am Oh here yeah ready I have a flat
let me fly first Ready Set waiting to
muffin comes I can't wait see Watson
mustn't seem so cute but um yeah this is
pretty much ours I would take it off
because I can't breathe in us and it
will happen
ahh you can breathe I can't breathe in
this what's up my name is Batman my name
is Bam Bam and we're here to save your
day with this vlog we're gonna fight for
you guys ready save the day you ready to
go we're gonna go fly right now let's go
ready set
oh ok ok ok so start the bunny the bunny
hey cut it cut it cut it cut it cut it
hey hey hey I said we saving up day so
you need to get out of trouble you need
to stop playing games and you need a
Cuddy Cuddy cut it cut it cut it you
guys I don't know if you guys remember
dancing with Rima if you guys want a
season two of Dancing with Rima thumbs
up this vlog because I saw you dancing
women Momsen is still young
my son's gonna be the next season we
really rated in season 1 with Rima we're
about due season 2 so thumbs ups want to
do Dancing with Ramon my history I'm
like so funny funny dope dances huh
Oh cousin was it huh Wow
that's you that's you Wow
oh I didn't know it was you oh my god
you're scaring me Keefer okay he's gonna
do this forever
oh goody butters
I can't feel my face without you but I
love it but I love it I just know I was
wrong because I'm so sorry I'm late
some is used to it by the meetup will
submit a few and I just heard that slim
is the Joker right Joker the Joker and
not Batman it's like it's like we knew
with it you should be Harley Quinn but
why my can we go back you know we're
gonna go look for a cool costume for
holid so hopefully he could be something
that we all mean something even though
we're gonna be like Batman and Joker out
of zero yeah how is it rather than you
did it know none of us knew so there's
no costumes here literally everywhere is
closed around here right now at this
time so how did I guess you could just
be a cat yeah I'll be I'll be all wrong
be a basic girls being no he got like
nice big eyelashes so used to be a cat
right Mike you look like little mascara
like we went ahead job bro
yeah that's what he said it looks like
weird a head job I so Hallett got his
mask this the only thing is only option
with with the life listen I guess what
scares them right now he doesn't know he
doesn't know that Holland's this so
gonna go scary and he's a joker so
usually get scared
like it's good so I was doing
all right so somewhere now is doing his
his Joker his Joker mass sim well I mean
he was ready to like a joker but now
he's looking like the real Joker oh yeah
right like Sigma yeah I'd be like really
good at green hair room yeah looks like
they just say green hair coming soon bro
your hair looks it looks like you got
grafts in your head what hello
like a broccoli head boom ha ha so slim
dropped two thousand on this freaking
what you crazy soon huh you crazy Bono
I'm sorry John two thousand dollars I
brought it to the register and then this
is Allah's way there yeah the one I got
is $10 for freaking Tupman he talked
about me spending a lot of money is
respect you gonna lose this chain I told
him you know I'm not it's irresponsible
well you're not responsible I lost my
cheese I said oh you type you got to
lose yourself well that's my cheese's in
a week the Olympiakos worse he ever did
some stuff you gots to get lost as own
house yeah I don't know whose place I'm
at but there's cookies here
yeah-ha hold the cup hi guys change of
plans we already did the dancing with
Rima new season it's up right now my
instagram my instagram is here so make
sure you go give it a thumbs up and go
yeah go Turkey um and thank you guys for
giving a thumbs up before if you guys
want to reserves but still give this
vlog a thumbs up but thank you guys so
much I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care she's dazing right now she
didn't know what's going on what are you
looking at huh okay we'll see you guys
tomorrow by the way leave a comment down
below what kind of if you guys want to
do a prank tomorrow like during trick
treating or something maybe we do
something to the trick treaters we do
something to the people who give and
trick-or-treat let me know the comments
below thank you guys so much and I'll
see you guys tomorrow take care and H I
love you we're up to save the day you
ready huh holy ma guys yo no joke oh hey
what that is rated on us while we do the
dance he will be on land alone what
happened about we're just dancing
imagine running a letter kids dancing
some ratchet day oh yeah so baby please
be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
wanna be so don't let anybody tell you
what you gonna be Oh baby you can have
anything with me
