I'm hideous weapon yeah take 10 years
I'm good look good what hey guys what's
up a doobie gang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing morning so if I'm having an
amazing morning you all should be having
an amazing happy morning I'm heading
back home today and it's about to get
crazy because my whole family has not
seen my hair and my dad might literally
get crazy so we're gonna see but this is
my last few hours in London with the
homie nos it was a blast I might be back
real soon but I am gonna be home for
around like a month or two because we
have a little break and I need to take a
break and just sit down and just chill
out home for a bit because I've been
traveling so long that's need to lay
down to bed and just chill with the
family but we're heading to the airport
and we're gonna see how it goes he told
me I don't love you don't see then go on
about
you you know that guys the car is
parking by itself what the heck that's
we go it's boy get by yourself I swear
to god this is dumb look
he'll open the door open the Wow Wow
drives better than you book the doobie
gang I've leaving London now I don't
want to give a huge shout-out to Naz
thank you so much for let me stage
please thank you so much for looking up
meaning okay like his house after she
thanks so much for looking off in UK I'm
here and thank you guys for showing a
lot of love and support UK tour in
February it's about to get crazy it's
gold be wild at the end of this vlog I'm
gonna make a huge announcement of who's
coming if one person is coming and in a
couple months I'll make another
announcement of who else is coming to
the tour so it's about to go down at the
end of the vlog you guys will see it so
stay tuned and watch the whole lot
laughs I love yous Ruffalo say I just
checked in and I got this little paper
that it says for Virgin Atlantic you're
not allowed to bring in a Samsung Note 7
you're not allowed to bring a Samsung
phone like you literally if you have a
samsung it's not allowed on the flight
because I can explode which is pretty
funny that's wise team iPhone Samsung
sucks is not gonna sound yeah Wow put a
sound and all my snacks ready I'll
pillow ready I'm ready to eat some
snacks and go to sleep and go back home
I'm excited to be home no don't say I'm
happy to go
come to see my family I haven't seen
them so long man on you're off it's been
eight years I haven't seen my family for
eight years what feels like eight years
the Fastlane wouldn't happen now I try
to imagine and help her to the sadness
inside works gonna be alright
so baby we wanna be I know your father
will be proud of her you just landed and
and why see baby I got my dad a little
gift from Iguchi because yeah I got to
give him a gift before he comes and
whoops my butt worried I'm excited to be
back home just got on the taxi and I'm
heading home if you're so good to be
back in New York City I missed in New
York City so so much the fresh air
everything all man NYC I missed you so
much and I missed the Adams family so
much Rima Mawson Deena
giman Hamza Haley Yusuf's AF everyone my
dad my mom I miss them so so much and
yeah let's I think MoMA truth is uh it's
coming this come
I'm in New York City fresh air New York
and I just met up with the homie my
brother from another mother / I missed
you so much oh I'm sure she's doing so
but it got me guys
Susie you back if I had anxiety like I
had anxiety from not seeing son like
Jersey from not see it seems like my
family Simba's my family so for had not
seen her for two weeks was like anxiety
I was getting so sad man I was getting
sad we have a big surprise you know
saying hi guys I'm gonna say the
announcer right now chass√© now see what
cell right now say now shall I say now
hi guys the special announcement is slim
simplification will be coming to the UK
tour and February Sarah
oh yeah I don't slide him take over ah
ah slide them take over huh huh slide
them take over oh-oh sigh don't take
over up uh guys everything we're slim
it's coming feel excited God is going H
now it's gonna be late so am i right
it's gonna be crazy we're doing a lot of
cities Sims going wrong be with me so
really course is gonna be one half of a
big hi how's it going was good I got
zone
guys live from the UK we were just
talking about the UK tour so that was so
funny we're talking about the UK tour
and we just met two people from
Birmingham we're performing in Berea
it's going to be slat um take over this
tour is a Schlatter crazy tour bro I'm
telling ya man I don't run it was good
bro I do man what's up man I do boat I'm
good how you appreciate whatever I do
man - good nice to be serviced oh yeah
of course
huge shout out to that girl's sister she
comes out shows in Birmingham and the
girl we met right now she pays for her
tickets so he shout out there to get
your tickets down below it's gonna be
less Altima say is a 2017 Slovak oh yeah
we are it's gonna be fun to see
different here comes a shot my ship is a
little show you have expected oh yeah
it's gonna be weird
pretty weird amazing I'll be crazy I'm
Gohar Don I'm going hard right I've been
writing some crazy shit I've been going
crazy so you can actually make a little
like movie with that yeah I'll make lies
with every single day you be making
little little mint like duckling
like little movies every single day to
do that yeah I haven't stopped for like
three rows you got a 30 pack okay
this do got if you ever come to Times
Square you ever come to town square us
you know we look bad really this is good
mashallah bus crazy right
he's about to give a special performance
so do me gang so we won't see how it
goes mom man look my say we're gonna do
bed
oh my salon how do you do that have you
do that
but my god
he's tough that is sick oh my god
that some of you guys that is my
Instagram follow him right there shit
right there is it
Lockman where is it it is Algerian right
there brother moment you know what I'm
saying that's sick well so what is that
suppose to be like like a clown
Mike come on my mommy right yes mine too
mine my love this dude I seen your
cousin Laura what's up New York New York
we both live in Denver CO and tell your
Colorado man all I know that Mile High
City Harris oh I don't know I don't know
nothing about I don't know there's
nothing from out Denver no one tells me
to go that
we've missed you so much mama Bob was I
thinking who mama baba my mom who my
grandma and my mom and and my bad oMG
they saw my thing here I closer guys I
hear my dad's voice I'm not going out
Rima I can't go out I'm gonna lock
myself up in the room I can't cuz they
see me what pinkies gonna beat me up
look see here you shoot it change it I
should change it
instead they didn't see a pink shadow
changes the color huh what should I make
it change to what black why do you talk
to me like you saw these are y'all SAS
here black black Reema get those gonna
hit me my head and my grandpa hit you
and your head yeah Oh like every came up
she just said you're gonna defend me I
love you I miss you so much where you
been how you been Reba I feel all my
guys you guys do not understand like how
much coming home this high means to me
because I've been away for so long
I've been away for like two three weeks
and it feels like it's this is this what
means the most I missed home the most
this time I missed everything the most
decide what it's talking guys I ain't
getting out the room I'm scared like no
joke I'm not coming out there I'm scare
mystery for so much
brie mom missed you so much I miss you
madam it's my whole family there's
literally no place like home guys no
place like home home is the best place
ever like I love home so much I love the
Adams family so much I love you Reba I
need you I love you more
Adam you know I love you more are you MA
no I love you my girls they're like that
guys because my dad is in my room closer
guys my dad is in my room he's in my
freaking room I'm scared I'm so scared
everyone wants us to do what about
doesn't do guys okay guys this our
module so I gave my dad a gift a Gucci
gift
Gucci Cologne and I'm giving the gift
and maybe he'll you know maybe he'll let
me live right right remote what if you
do beats me up
hit him no don't hit him just pull back
cuz you can't hand get do okay miss blue
just pull him back I could seriously my
dad's about the bug are dying huh Ravin
Oh what do you want to see mine I tell
her she's gonna watch this Sahara and I
go hey I love you she misses you and
ayah hopefully I missed you so much
Oh last time they see each other was two
three years ago so hopefully they see
each other soon you're gonna see her
soon okay maybe maybe I don't know isn't
give it a night time what the hell do we
get look who I'm with mother
give me cos I'm mister he does all come
from sleep I miss him so much oh my god
and he hates it look at it I'm not a
clown I promise I'm not a clown don't
kick me touch it
hi guys I'm definitely gonna get a bow
of him cuz if Muhsin hates it my dad is
definitely gonna hate it
he's giving me the hat he's giving me
the hat touch it it's good hi give me
kiss
see he gives me kiss on a put on a hat
say hi to do me a
hey no don't hit them say hi
guys I'm here with my dad I don't bro no
again no no not me because I miss you
know what what our tap - okay what I
miss you so much about you know how much
I miss you actually give you a gift
yeah like I gave you this Gucci Cologne
and yes it's for you and I love you so
much
it the greatest that ever and amazing
all right make it whatever and I just
wanna say you're amazing
and what come on look what kit what
dolly do
but that just cursed Victor what look
Annette had a rapid once huh go tell
that back open
I try to know do you see the gifts I
gave you huh
did you see the gift I gave you you want
it huh you want why doing what hello
yellow alert what huh Marvin yup krypter
krypter krypter yeah definitely
yep a deal yes just defecated alone oh
I'm not doing nothing I'm tackin Q yes
madam sure dad tomorrow what's wrong
with it huh you just make like it I like
it a lucky well I like your hair man you
have nice hair nothing time to joke
around what an attack at you ideal
rocket okay why don't you like it huh
why don't you like it I don't like to
plant why because this is kit and you're
lucky
whoa crap broke a nail please Brooke
Lydia hit what that is a gangster I'm
hideous
Robin yeah titty titty a temple good way
you let me show ya what episode a little
hit okay I'm popular
I like it get this a budget okay I said
wait you got it Aloha okay
Padma okay a lot haha okay sighs I don't
know what no no way it's a very deed
away okay remember what honey
Reba she's trying to help me she's
trying to help me in my time to get out
more Reba time to get over
Oh having I'd be a realistic yet whom uh
suppose it is there he scares that
had it made me make a scape move it no
okay you gotta go get a good realtor
sorry sir
okay I'm gonna duplicate okay what what
what no no no what the bullet about
please know about Baba do you see the
Gucci Gucci pants I gave you hey garbage
yeah and that's and we got a beating
like this was a long time ago man oh man
I love you I'm sorry as I do I love you
I love you I don't I love you more
you're amazing
because you need yeah laughs II don't
know really father stuff that says I
want to Cassini you might dad I love you
bro I'm sorry
Oh clearly mad at me yeah no no no madam
no you sure no I know you're the best
dad ever
no why no mo she's over there she's
looking at me I'm about to get another
beating right now that you guys are not
gonna see em again
that one is worse what Imam is worse is
worse it is what I la la that's my song
he thrown about it oh he's through
butter
Bobby just threw a bottle at me I'm
getting a puppy but that is helping me
nothing guys that's what I go through
no don't throw that Joe is glass it's a
glass of coke guys let me get to beating
with my dad see whether that's at my
mama's tit mom is telling my dad to pull
my hair well my dad is defending me now
because Allah loves me not you no no no
no wait I know where no one Allah he
says it hey mommy's through Clorox wipes
Oh wish me luck but that is offending me
let me get it let me get it let me say
behind you please please guys
I know 23 years old but trust me it's
like I'm 12
I'm running I'm running oh man oh but to
get another beating for Mom
I'm so sorry guys I love you guys so
much it feels good to be back home
yeah you guys do me act thank you guys
so much for love are you guys are
socially amazing everything about you
guys seriously makes I know you guys
tell me well Adam you don't look happy
you're only happy I am happy I was just
out just sad because I'm homesick I
missed home oh Rema Rema cocky no hug
give me a mom I was scared give me hug
thank you so much for defending me give
me a big hug okay big hug but you know
you know what you got to do now cuz my
mom is gonna beat my butt right now you
guys are not gonna see it on camera this
is worse mom's beatings she throws items
guys but well my dad there was nothing
to give her so I'm scared guys I love
you guys I'll see if I survive tomorrow
end of lie here and um so I'll give the
life of an Arabic oh no don't add the i
guys i hope you guys read it like we did
make sure you give it a and that oh you
remember remot are you gonna forget mmm
I love you Rema look don't wipe my kiss
me just love you so much um I'll see you
guys tomorrow do me a I love you guys so
much thank you guys so much for loving
support me back baby we back guys um oh
my son is here um yeah i'ma head out I
love you guys see you guys tomorrow do
me Aang I love you
Oh a to be gay all day okay guys tweet
that yeah okay tweet that you're dooming
hang all day or day the best gang in the
world I love you guys okay she's a biter
and I I've seen my do you guys do it I
love you take it piece up
tell me you forgot your role but you
don't wanna be alone spelling by
yourself buddy
you'll miss me when it's getting away
got it all beep save us when you're
ready
I'm it me I'm yours if you'll have me
got it all beep save
