hey guys what's up and do me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing a so if we're
having a amazing it you all should be
having an amazing happy day
Wow here and I'm actually heading to the
gym slash basketball court because me
son got a really really big big game and
sneaked a con November 6 yeah November 6
New York on the poster and information
is right here as I was saying the poster
will be right here of all the
information number 6 you guys can come
through sneaker con be slim slotto
is gonna be there Adam take over this is
gonna be a huge basket header but the
thing is we're against each other - yeah
we're against I totally put me against
my team put them look at ourselves on
the put me against our employees how
many teams you won't lose huh but and I
don't know what he did did this but they
put him and Ahmed on the same team and
me and watching on the same feel like I
put the short people on the same team
until you have an opportunity to but
Silvo here's got to top you you know
what I've been watching the same team
it's game over like that's it so it's
gonna be a fun game we decided to go
play some basketball right now so we can
you know get used to it like you know
won't have warmups already do it and it
should be fun should be fun den hi guys
I have to show you guys my own
personalized tracksuit stuff right here
right here it has my name like my
signature right there I haven't sold it
online because I don't know what keeping
it you know personal but you guys let me
know if I should you know selling merch
I don't want to sound like whatever
merch I want to sell like you know dope
tracks which cuz you know this is what I
like I guess what I like so let me know
give it a thumbs up if you think I
should
so give it a thumbs up you'd actually
get one of these because they cost like
around 100 120 dollars and that's how
much tracks whose cost you know adidas
trying to use 90 chances they cost way
more so this is like in his door it's a
bizarre track you get if you get it you
can have superpowers
hi guys you're ready to go play ball
crazy mofo is you know what I'm saying I
haven't played basketball if it's all so
long
so hopefully you go
the last time I played ball was when
someone over here lost so so me some
stretching right now for every
basketball always stretch before you
play anything because you're gonna end
up pulling a muscle this is a boxing
ring guys boxing ring boxing was like my
life my passion before YouTube was
literally and every sit was my second
home you to Brian was my second home but
before it was boxing my second home so
I'm like so tempted to put on some glove
and to just call anyone out with the
start like
but there is going to be a couple boxing
matches under Adam Sala productions
coming real real soon
I got me the other sneak preview some
jump rope ready ready go faster Kell
Brook I'm calling you up triple G I'm
calling you up we go
do me a November 12 November 12
it's about Jerusalem and I'm through
fighting because I'm not oh I know kasha
versus Nicki other predictions with you
but there
yes my position is illusion he's on the
dog it's gonna be a crazy match also nas
and yeas are fighting in London November
27 so it's gonna be crazy crazy fun
sorry to keep but what casters trainer
yo are you left your right as your power
flips you in the duck motor good job
once you've already stopped teaching
something yeah after so long I finally
step in the courts because sneak akan I
got to do I got to do good for you guys
then it likes to play basketball so much
I can't I can't bear smell stuff okay I
got to do really really good so
hopefully I'll do good I'm so excited
this is something I'm gonna take my
first shot right now so let's see how it
is my first shot
okay so we're playing the game of the
horse right now and I'm going first I
basically got to do something and they
have to do the same exact thing if I
make
sweetie like crazy you ever to do yeah
you can't do no you can't do watch you
get a trainer yeah
yeah
yeah they both got H's so I got to do
something else I'll do a crazy shot
right I just you got to do you got to do
a shot while the camera is in your hand
and you have to show the court so you
have to show the court I'm sure like
this ready
you have to have the care in your hand
love you have to show the bat
have to show the bathroom
the boys limos down okay
all right so some has H but Kosta missed
it I got a memory card full guess H oh
so we just got done playing basketball
for like a good three hours I think me
some are almost ready for that sneaker
con game it is going to be crazy it's
gonna be dope but sticking to warm up a
little more so we can go there warmed up
and good I'm about to go eat healthy
right now at Whole Foods even though
they pretty much kicked me out yesterday
i'ma try not to blog you know what I'm a
blog I'm gonna do what I want because
I'm just buying it
though I'm not hurting anyone I'm not
hurting anyone I don't do it bro I need
vlog Twitter's I want to show you guys
the healthy food I'm eating and
everything upstairs first
the guy yesterday brought like four and
like four to five security guards on me
for just vlogging he made it seem like
like I commit like murder and Sabbath
what the heck is going on and then even
though other customers were like are you
serious like hi guys I'm flying to India
I feel like I'm a student in like a
class I'm not allowed to film because
the teacher is like hey I'm gonna tell
you guys real quick yeah
some rice got some chickpeas samosas I
got some roasted chicken and I don't
even know that I'm hungry I'm starving
smelling good
I do me getting I'm freaking the freak
out right now literally freak it out
right now someone tweeted me something
on eBay who's this person selling my
pink hair so I don't know if you got
seen yesterday I heard yesterday when I
put up the video I mentioned the story
about someone pulling my pink hair
running away I even tweeted about if I'm
gonna tell you guys the story I'm here
to anyone who does not I was walking to
the keynotes to get an iced caramel
latte I was simply you know innocently
gonna go get a nice caramel latte and I
met someone and she was like here and
I'm a sob how's it going I love your
videos and I'm like thank you so much
it's in that blah blah dee dee diggity
we do eet we took a picture and then
after that I was wearing like a little
bandana I don't know the day I wear a
bandana and like show my pink hair this
girl literally she was like can I feel
you here she comes near my hair so I was
like touching it she pulls like
literally pulls like my hair and just
runs off literally runs up I didn't know
if I should be scared I don't know if I
should be like just attack me that like
that was cool I don't know but I don't
know how to feel like I didn't know how
to feel but now that I think of it I got
worried like mom was so much like so
she's like that's scary no don't let no
one pull your hair you're gonna let them
take your hat you got let them take your
clothes but don't let someone take your
freaking I don't know I don't know just
like I don't know I'm just way too nice
like you know you guys don't know what
do me like I'm the nicest I'm a nice
person why do me Aang only do me I'm
like super super nice cuz you know I
love it do me I'm a dad I do miss you
guys Muhammad but I don't know stealing
hair I didn't think it was maybe that
bad but it is this bad because someone
to to be this picture of her I don't
know if it is are selling my hair on
freaking eBay
this girl's selling my hair on eBay Adam
Sandler's pink hair for $1,000 and my
pink hair is right that this is crazy
what the heck that's my freakin hair
that's literally my hair because I just
looked in the mirror right now and it's
just creeping me out but the thing is
like
why the heck why dick is you selling
that why would like has got to read the
whole I read the whole description I
pulled some of Adam's Allah's hair when
I met him the other day so I can sell it
and help make some money to support my
family I'm going out one I'm giving out
one piece of hair for $1,000 but if you
buy all five pieces of hair then then
it's $4,500 please and help thank you I
am also doing auctions this is like I'm
literally speechless I do not know what
the heck to say the description was the
most weirdest thing ever and I think
it's I think it's not right because
you're selling here for $1000 and at the
same time I don't know what like I think
anyone but I don't know maybe this is
like some kind of like troll that
someone is trying to steal money off
someone but maybe this is like maybe
it's true and then she's really trying
to help her family but I think it's
wrong I'm a report it because this is
just really really weird
this person is dead trying to sell my
freaking pink this is dude what the heck
if I tell my mom and dad about this day
to go literally crazy they go a while
matter of fact I'm here to go tell my
dad about this right now
I'm switching on you someone pulled my
hair yesterday and it's all huh who this
girl she pulled my hair and she kept my
hair and now she's selling y'all even
gonna be any big brother you let me know
no this girl took my hair yesterday and
she's selling it on eBay wait here
everybody had it well here you go one
you like where's she
yeah she's outside I don't know okay she
pulled my hair she got it and that phone
hello Carol what could I have that good
look good okay we'll have it look okay
get a break Adam and Ali laughing okay
okay okay we got a bigger issue though
no issue is someone is selling about
here on eBay no no no mom - I can see
can I see how you look of pink hair I'm
so I just see how you look okay a little
let me see how you look with me gonna
fight huh yeah
I miss uh no songs nobody fight green
nobody fights you yeah my China so
what's up what's up what's up curse sir
I love you Lucy hey little Pinker how
you did let me see how you look at
Pinker hello
ready set good right I know what okay do
me yank it it's time to wrap up this
vlog I hope you all enjoyed this vlog we
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey if you made it to the end
of this vlog make sure you give a thumbs
up I want to see how many you guys
always make it to the end the vlog thank
you guys so so much for a little support
I want to do something special
until I reach two million subscribers so
I don't know give me some suggestions on
what should I do for 1 million
subscribers I did skydiving maybe this
time I can do something else so I don't
know if you have any crazy stuff you
think I should do leave in the comments
below and I'll see I'll see what's up
and I'll give you a shout out to have
however any crazy thing go me to do
because I feel like skydiving is like
the craziest thing ever so I don't know
I don't know what's next you guys tell
me 2 million subscribers it's gonna be
huge it's gonna be crazy hey do me a
it's about to get wild thank you guys so
much for loving support i'ma see you
guys tomorrow with another vlog and with
the little surprise that I got I got
this dope thingy like a dope dope
package that i'ma show you guys tomorrow
so you guys will see it do me a sec my
sake care our perch I love you so baby
please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of you
don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna be Oh baby you can have anything
