hey guys what stop to do me I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy they do me yeah I want
to start off the vlog by saying thank
you to each and every single one of you
guys praying for my dad because he's in
the hospital right now and I will keep
you guys updated throughout the weeks
because the doctor said he might be
there for a couple weeks because you
guys do not know my dad is 68 years old
and he has such a weak immune system so
it's not easy for him it'll be much
easier if he was younger but the fact
that he's older he's gonna be there for
a while but I promise you guys me my
family you guys and everyone out there I
see every single when you guys were
praying for my dad thank you guys so so
much we're gonna be with him we're gonna
stick by side and shot a lunch Allah he
gets through it you guys know who you
are I see every single one you guys
shown a lot of love thank you guys so so
much especially being at the time where
like it's my lowest like I really really
need you guys you guys seriously make me
feel so much better thank you thank you
thank you from the bottom of my heart
and I want to continue on making these
vlogs you know positive and happy for
you guys just smile and to forget about
any stress and the same thing with me
makes me forget about any stress so I am
gonna be doing a question a little
questionnaire so with say half this time
but I want to update you guys on um on
my dad for kids they don't really know
anything but today they went and it was
like the saddest thing ever especially
with Muhsin I want to tell you guys a
story of moss and visiting my dad well
my Centuri mother went together Rema
went in first and Rhema right away she
knew like she knew right away that he's
sick and he's not feeling well
and seriously rima almost teared down
she's like oh my god like she knows
that's her grandpa she knows that she
sees him every single day she knows that
she you know she gets to have fun with
him and she was so so sad and
heartbroken about Mawson was waiting in
the room he was happy he didn't really
know what was going on like he's he
thinks it's like a playground for him
but when he wants to go see my dad he
was seriously the saddest person ever
and I was I was completely shocked
because he's only 3 years old so I
didn't know he would like know or
anything like that but he's three and
mashallah he knew everything that was
going on and he's seen if he was so so
sad there was a picture right here that
his mom car and he was seriously
heartbroken like he knows that my dad's
name is
Center that he has the same name as him
he's literally was like his mini-me he's
not my son is not my mini-me he's my
dad's mini-me like my dad is like the
king of everything of a do me gag and
Watson is like the mini one so he's like
the king or do me gank so seriously
broke my heart seeing Watson you know
feel that way like I never knew
Muhsin I know mustard has feelings but
like I never knew Muhsin got sad and
like seriously almost made me tear up
seeing him like so sad but I gave him a
hug I made him feel better and now
they're all just hanging out downstairs
and just having a good time so I'm about
to go today I'm hanging out with them
for a bit of live with them for a bit
then after that I'm gonna go i'ma visit
my dad but once again thank you guys so
much for everything I appreciate you
singing with you guys on all the support
you guys show literally everywhere
Twitter Instagram YouTube everything
thank you guys so so so much I cannot
thank you guys enough but let's go be
happy and smile and go see my family
let's see I see what's up let's talk to
them about my dad I want them to you
know even the young ones out there if
you see anyone older suffering I want
you guys you know to know how to
overcome it and stuff so I'm gonna speak
to them about that do a little Q&A verse
AF and I'm gonna head straight to my dad
I love you guys and thank you for
sticking by me watching the vlogs even
though it's not that lit and I'm not
that crazy Adam thank you thank you
thank you I'll see you guys the next
shot guys I'm here with Mawson say you
have Rima Dina and Jim and the first
question I'm asking first of all do you
guys know who's get do that's your mom's
dad he's your dad now Chuck might get do
you know get do know get do he's a
grandpa do you guys know where as get do
right now okay Hospital and and you know
how he's feeling
Meow's Deena he's sleeping right now yes
yes he's going to lay down oh they're so
cute what about Jamel what do you what
are your feelings centralisation shall
we show love so what about you say
I hope when he comes back she eats
really good salad and he eats lettuce he
told it it takes his medicine good job
you guys are really good like my dad my
dad will be so so happy I know do you
know do you know all right I'm gonna ask
mustn't matter felt Mawson you and good
just come back do you miss all the times
where hopefully was he was tough we come
we don't know yet when he's gonna come
back hopefully she'll know when he comes
back we'll give you a big hug and a big
kiss okay
and he'll play with you guys you know
have fun with all you guys okay
how you guys feeling though yes yeah
you're happy or sad you're happy because
you're with everyone everyone is happy
because they're together you're happy
you sure okay be good as long as you
guys together
seriously guys it makes me feel so much
better seeing the kids knowing how to
handle all this so to anyone out there
who's young and see like if you see your
parents or anything suffering make sure
you guys stay close with them you know
always think of them and everything will
happen yes I want to get to a hug I know
he's the best grandpa ever and he's the
best dad ever
and he's always give us snacks and stuff
don't worry about that he's gonna he's
gonna come off and he seriously has like
a big impact he has a big impact on my
whole family's life like everyone loves
him break seriously he's he's the
greatest grandpa like if it was my
grandpa would be the greatest grandpa
but he's my dad and he's the best dad
ever and seeing the kids you know
knowing and everything overcoming I want
you guys to I don't he's young any
family member you see I want you guys to
be positive and just be strong you know
so always stay strong guys okay hi guys
I'm here with say F mr. savage say AB
say hi doing how old are you six
one man is six years old so today I mean
I've SI XS 6 + 6 6 so I'm gonna ask him
some questions
just like how I did with Rima Mawson
Deena and Jimin so the first question is
um where do babies come from
the stomach and the knee how to come out
to me I can't believe say I've got a
right man he knows where babies come
from
right the next question is a ma what
makes you happy finally for night all
guys fun fact if you guys do not know
say F plays a lot of fortnight he's one
of the youngest players that I've seen
play fortnight he's only six and he
plays fortnight minute this is insane I
can you tell them about fortnight
mashallah he knows everything about four
nights let you throw in the bus stop
flies then you can use nor the map in
live anywhere but there's two more
people there you don't goes up he does
not gonna kill you
ready wet rubber and then you go to
fight the guards are bazooka or if they
add in my choice women the auditor what
a gwaan suck an egg lunch I don't know
what that is ready he goes but what
about you know what the thing when it
goes like this perfect potion he knows
that he push what else in the Medicaid
and the bandages yeah he plays too much
all right next question say that is over
my take - next question is say F what
makes you sad
bullies make you sad have you ever been
bullied yeah that's good so why do you
hate bullies in if you never know are
you the bully be honest well I said well
he's not the bully I good good good
thumbs up say f not being a bully thumbs
up that was up next question is say F
can you tell me what is my job he's
looking at my lot of gold play button
right there
yeah kill you have to hey hey no okay
say F can you tell me what do you want
to be when you grow up I want to be
one eternity later
the house the longest II what do I don't
be able to go up anything you want to be
what do you want to be you want to be
Abby wants to be a beat how would it be
to be continued
stay tuned what's that saying your shirt
minecraft you know it's minecraft yes
big gamer it's a game it's a game yeah
it explains you hoping that you could
break up the blob and you can make a
basement Hawks I made a base for me and
I deleted it
oh why would you delete it it's lack the
base I just set it down
that's it and I am I don't even know it
out of you know is that I've never
played minecraft in my life man so what
do I do when you're not around you go to
bat for the pool peas
take a shower what that's obvious
everyone does that bleh my VP take a
shower I can't take this do what I'm
pranking you know I'm protected you said
loose' Brett the next prank is gonna be
on you ha ha nerf gun what the heck we
have it nerf you would have an ER fight
edy I'll get the big one we'll have an
ER fight thumbs up you guys won an ER
fight all right next question say F I'm
uh what would you do if you had 1
million dollars ok for us
Alvia a big house I'll get a live Rambo
game you gonna get a big house and then
a Lamborghini or people nobody is
nothing that's good it's good to always
think like that especially when you're 6
years old you have to always give money
if you don't have money give help give
food to the poor because those people
there they're unfortunate so that's
always you know give back all right guys
I'm gonna end the vlog here I hope you
guys at least enjoyed it you did make
sure you give it up thumbs up and go
turkey I appreciate all your love and
support the Adams family's here
thank you for always being here with us
with the added Sam say Thank You Julia
also zooming egg do not forget leave in
the comments below what more you guys
want to see oh dear Oh guys shoot a jump
shot from for my dad come on shoot a
jump shot shoot a shot let's go
oh you use the other boy why you see a
soccer ball what do you soccer balls do
forget do come on jump shot forget you
let's go ready set end of line here
thank you guys so much once again I
appreciate you guys I'll see you guys
tomorrow
