what's up adieu me gank I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day do me gang I just
started the vlog in Dubai
do me gang I am in Dubai look at this
look at this beautiful view oh my god
city wok we out here what's up we out
here so while I was filming a video for
you guys at my house I was filming a
reacting to a never-before-seen vlog
while I was filming that my camera
battery died and I didn't find mine so
my camera's been dead from New York City
all the way to Dubai so I just started
the vlog here if you guys do not know
what I'm doing in Dubai I'm here with
faze rug posse tube mo vlogs money kicks
and much more youtubers money kicks is
starting his own clothing line is called
kings and ambition ka1 clothing and
seriously he is going all out money
kicks I shouldn't say thank you so much
it's a pleasure for bringing me out here
I appreciate you so much look man he
gave me this dope apartment let me give
you guys an apartment tour matter of
fact last time when I came for our
Fashion Week it's pretty much the same
exact room but let me show you guys you
got the little jacuzzi
out there a the bathroom is here this is
my bed right there my bed what's up my
bed my living room
oh let's see what we got let's see what
we got I ordered me some breakfast slash
lunch
I got a Caesar salad with shrimp and I
slot city it do me game before we get
the five star to make sure you guys
subscribe and be part of they do me Gang
Gang Gang put your notifications on and
do not forget to thumbs up and go Turkey
I've seen when you guys leave in the
comments below saying yesterday
why are you telling everyone to go to
Turkey I'm not telling you guys to go to
Turkey I'm just telling you guys to go
hard on the thumbs up so all my real
Ryder dies if you guys know what go
turkey means please please leave it in
the comments below because there's a lot
of new ado Me's who don't really know
what go turkey means go turkey is like
go ham or like go hard I don't know
maybe I should change it and never say
go turkey again cuz people keep thinking
I'm like a weird or like saying why you
saying go to Turkey but I just got to
Dubai I have my whole room NAS
his own room I haven't even seen him I
landed it and I haven't seen nobody I
literally just led to this moment I'm so
excited to eat my food I am starving man
you guys do not know how hungry yeah one
thing I'm so proud of myself look at
this do me you guys gonna be like oh my
god especially not my whole luggage and
everything I put it
you know I folded everything and I put
it inside here look at this man I'm so
proud of myself mama if you watching
this look look what I did look what I
did I fixed up everything well I tried
my best but yeah you know what I mean
like you know like it's inside it's good
it's fixed yeah
this is why I need a wife man oh my god
help me out with stuff like this and
obviously I need a wife cuz I'm lonely I
missed it no I'm just joking but a do me
yank the video that I was filming at my
crib was me reacting to vlogs that I
believe you guys have never seen before
because these are vlogs from like years
years ago and I haven't seen Brian faze
rug for like two years
so I was reacting to vlogs when me and
slim went to his house and I feel like
no one no one's seen that vlog because
it was so hidden like I didn't make it a
thumbnail I didn't make it a title so I
reacted to that so do me yeah I'm gonna
take you guys to that right now
so enjoy it and don't laugh at me and
slim when Bosley there dog face rugs dog
was like barking at us oh yeah enjoy
accion next yeah all right guys I'm
about to react to a really really old
vlogs actually few vlogs I don't think
you guys have even seen these vlogs
because they didn't even have much views
or anything but a doobie gang this is
two years ago I believe it's January
30th January 28th pretty much exactly
two years ago it was the first time ever
where I met Brian faze rug and bharata's
and his whole family I believe this was
my first ever Club and his first ever
collab on YouTube we both it was like
the beginning of our YouTube careers
there so so crazy but yeah let's watch
it I remember it was the first time ever
where I spoke to Brian it was like a few
months ago spokes him on Twitter and
then after that he told me to come
through to his crib and I was so so
excited and I cannot forget this day I
can never ever forget this day because
they were so so nice yo he was so sweet
one of the nicest youtubers I've ever
met mama rug was so nice she cooked us
so much food
Papa rug was so nice he was the chillest
do whatever Brandon was so dope but
Bosley there dog he like hated us Bosley
someone that I really want to meet again
because I'm so scared because he hit her
so much why do we hate us man he was
barking at isn't stuff but yeah let's
let's watch the vlog let's do it yeah
yeah I feel like a mess oh my god I
still say that I blonde hair look he
looks so young old house I remember this
day like yesterday I had so much deep
convos with dad so much deep combos with
their mom so much deep combos with Brian
it was literally in a me I'm miss San
Diego man San Diego I really want to see
you as ro soon young I remember this I
was trying not to be scared of see look
look oh my god you're Brian man he's so
man rug is so so nice he's way too nice
I thought I was nice man he's so nice
he's asking me for water that's how you
know those little things to prove say a
nice man I appreciate you thank you mr.
C so nice I just got the camera
one of the same old slim yo mama rug if
you're watching this I miss you so so
much your food was begging like a
biscuit it was so so good thank you so
much for your hospitality I appreciate
it so much even my own parents
appreciate it so much thank you was
amazing alright guys so this is in
Brandon's vlog let's see from his
perspective let's watch it oh my god
Bosley again Bosley does not like this
look he wants you to eat me man
how they go to sleep don't go to me
I think this is the first time like
someone keeps in their crib way so what
are you guys best friends we're late oh
really
you guys came together from New York
just for fun or what to take a picture
I hope you guys enjoy that phase wrong I
cannot wait to see you I'm seeing you
literally in like four hours
hey do me gang I also have some extra
vlog footage when I was that slim scrape
I forgot to put it but here it is it is
right here
do me yang I just got to slim scared I'm
feeling much much better a fixed up
there H out of the sliminess doesn't
help me out a lot thank you so much no
I'm gonna tell you guys I feel so much
better than before I was like I feel
like I'm on the escape systems house
right now but I'm gonna tell you guys a
whole story after I'm with the homies
how's that right yeah what's up how was
that pound it a bad like this
Tariq what's up T I just want to say
yeah yeah this tracks was insane like
was really really good both of you guys
did so so good
except who
I'm gonna say attack only now I think
it's time I think it's a tide they both
did really yeah it was a pretty hard
decision you guys both did good well
almost every day you where's this more
WB shirt he knows I'm a bit I've been at
wau finish this early kid did he beg you
for that shirt none I did I get broke
come on man you know you went oh he went
on to money kicks and he's ago yeah I
love you guys I'll see these guys like
my family man thank you guys for you
know making this my home man every time
I'm on the phone no matter who it is
he's like yeah what's up Adam yeah he
thinks I'm on the phone are you creeping
around like this like what's up Adam a
memories get the fresh page bomb ah yeah
it's time to tell you guys what happened
but yes the doobie gang this is the end
of this vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it
if you did make sure give it a thumbs up
and go to Turkey and I'm joking go
Turkey do
I'm so sorry this vlog was kind of short
I had a 13 hour flight and my whole
camera battery was dead
but today's about to be lit make sure
you guys subscribe you guys do not want
to miss the next few days in his vlogs
cannot cannot wait I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and I piss I like
just got home from Lebanon my passport
got so full I had to get another one
too bad my life on the runway PJs on a
PJ head nachos the DJ got me
