hey guys what's up or do me yeah I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing it so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day I am not having an
amazing happy day I'm actually having a
really really horrible day so today's
video is going to be a storytime with
Adam about what happened today literally
a couple of hours ago I was literally
about to that like not even joking I was
about to die I've locked a little bit
not that much because of the whole
incident and I had another camera which
is the GoPro
where I was filming in the water and
that is completely gone this is like the
eighth camera that is completely lost so
the GoPro is gone so I decided to know
what I'm not going to vlog because it
was a serious serious issue and I rather
just come home and tell you guys what
happened so let's start off with story
time with Adam which is a true story
that happened literally a couple hours
ago so me Naz and Harris we decided to
go to Jamaica beach in Dubai and go go
jet skiing we wanted to go jet skiing we
went to Jamaica beach and all their jet
skis were gone they're completely
reserved we couldn't go jet skiing we
couldn't go Jess again so we decided to
go on a donut boat if you guys don't
know what's a donut boat a donut boat is
this is someone who's on a jet ski and
you're on a donut boat something like
this but much more bigger and you then
just go really fast and you just got to
hold on for dear life and you just go
off so me nos and Harris get on the
donut boat and this guy and girl they go
on the donut boat so it's five people on
this donut boat the guy starts jet
skiing and we start going really fast on
the donut but literally so fast and just
like mess around
everything was so fun everyone was
messing around we all had life jackets
on that's the number 1 key thank God
that we all have life jackets on
especially me because what happened to
me it could have been something else but
I'll get back to that in a few so we all
had a life jackets on we're all going
super fast literally going so fast that
it was uncontrollable that we ended up
stopping a little bit because we told
him chill out like
go and chill out and then the guy kept
going like really fast he got buggin up
you know how herbs were they just they
don't care if you see like theater just
like messing around so he kept messing
around and going so fast and I'm not
gonna like we're having so much fun it
was the funnest thing ever who's so much
fun on the doughnut boat but he ended up
going so fast that the donor boat ended
up going on like this wave and it kept
bouncing up and down for like a good 10
20 times so when he kept bouncing up and
down all of us kept like jumping up and
like literally like we're about to fly
off the donut boat but then this girl
she like flew up a little bit and her
leg clapped me right on my head
literally clapping right on my head so
hard that I completely blanked out like
I completely just just I was I was gone
I was god I don't remember anything all
I remember is me getting kicked and then
I woke up in the sand but this is what
happened while I was gone because this
is what everyone told me so I was
completely knocked out and I got thrown
off to the water and I had a life jacket
so this is what I was talking about if I
did not have that life jacket and I was
completely unconscious I could have been
gone I could have been I could have been
dead I could have been completely
completely gone and I think of it now
and I feel like I feel blessed to even
be alive right now making this video for
you guys and it's just literally so
crazy now that I think of it because the
funny thing is I didn't want to put on
like the life vest because I was telling
nas and I was telling the Harris house I
know how to swim I kept telling them as
I not assume I don't need a life vest
but they told me though you gotta have
you need to put a life vest just in case
so I'm glad I did put on that life vest
because I wouldn't be here if I didn't
have that life vest on but I was
completely gone thrown in the water and
luckily the life vest kept me above the
water and it kept my face above the
water it was a really huge nice life
vest and Nas who is scared of water
that's like one of his biggest fears
jumped in the water to save me to
literally grab it he never jumps in the
water never goes to anything
and this is what made me love him even
more this dude jumped into the water
grabbed me and then the guy came with
the jetski and helped him grab him he
swam in the water that's like I couldn't
believe it not scared to go in any water
so but I know he did that it was like a
touch smart that was really really super
so not shatta - thank you so much for
you know being my hero and also Harris
Harris carried me literally like when
someone's like unconscious they get
heavier so Harris carried me and they
all got me out so thank you
Harris also for literally saving my life
Harris knows I appreciate you guys so
much because it was a scary situation
and some people wouldn't know what to do
at the moment so what you guys did was
really heartbreaking so thank you guys
so so much for what you guys did and
then they told me I got to the sand and
the once I was on the sand I was just
completely gone everyone just came and
like was feeling like my heart my pulse
and like everything and I was gone for
like a good good 10 minutes because I
was I was gone to the water that I was
gone laying down to the donut boat going
back and I was gone on the freaking sand
so that the ambulance came and all I see
when I wake up is flashlights in my eyes
and just like nas's face right here
Harris's face is right there and just a
girl's face right here another guy's
face here the ambulance right there the
workers all I see is like 20 face 20
faces right right in front of and I'm
like I'll wake up about what the hell's
going on so I start going with panicking
and grabbing and like go whatever what
what happened what does going I was
going I was going then everyone's the
atom you good are you good you literally
just like passed out someone kicked you
got kicked by accident on your face and
now you're here you're good donor you
okay I'm I guess I am but what I was I
was confused I was literally confused
what I felt I felt like the way for like
a couple of minutes and like came back
to life that's how I felt like because I
don't remember seeing anything all I
remember is that kick and then waking up
and to be honest right now I feel so
blessed and I feel like I feel like I
cheated life I don't know if it's like I
feel like I feel like I could have been
dead and I'm here I feel blessed right
now to be alive to be here guys so I
really hope you guys you know just
anyone who goes does any
crazy stuff that I do be careful like I
do a lot of crazy stuff wherever I go I
do
skydiving jumping off these buildings
doing all this crazy weird stuff be
careful and be safe because safety is
key don't be too confident like me
because sometimes too confident I can
swim you know always be on the safe side
and always remember you know always
remember God number one always remember
because you always remember you if you
do so that was pretty much my story I
hope you guys enjoyed it it was kind of
scary they ended up oh by the way the
end up giving me like a little checkup
they checked about that like my sugar
level they checked like my my pressure
and everything like that they end up
taking me to the hospital and I got a
little checkup and um I'm gonna have the
lab I'm normal I'm feeling great I feel
not feeling so happy like I'm so happy
right now like what the heck even
happened today so I'm so sorry that this
video had to be like a really bad story
time video but I'm feeling really tired
and I mean I'm feeling good I'm feeling
tired of everything that happened but
thank you guys so much for your love and
support I appreciate every single you
guys for all you guys who showed so much
love and who shows so much support
throughout everything and it kept me
strong and yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me hang and do by once again
take care and peace I like
