I'm gonna start to like you're not an
intro ready want to do hey God the gang
I hope you all have an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing amazing day he does
better than me well one minute I guys
right now we're heading to soundcheck
over door today is a big big big dope
thing it's gonna be performing me Harris
and silent so for the first time ever
this is like history in the making
history to me because we had a lot of
surprises special meeting Harris but we
haven't been saying like anything you
want to keep it you know smooth and keep
it amazing once it's out but we're gonna
see how it goes and we'll see how it
goes tonight we're gonna go to sound
check right now the tonight is the big
big night not you gotta say you already
know what it is don't piss on it there
to mess up and to myself well I do me
again so the gala dinner is gonna be
right here at this little dope this is
dope it's only like VIP people like
artists we're coming here so this is why
I'm really really nervous because I'm
performing front of like all these
fashion artists I like this used to
performance so you gotta show us how we
do it both you got these okay I'm using
formal like comedy or like with you yeah
battle the UK P London versus st. Albans
OH
Oh
she has little Harris knows how to like
speak Arabic flogging.molly gusta
kipper Hobby decider oh it's just like
especially oh no no nice me had nice we
had oh we got for shopping right now to
buy my world salad I kind of saw had a
word and inventing a language but W when
I first saw out through Arabic and like
when you speak Arabic I invented it
invented our American inventor of Arabic
Harris Harris jail inventor silent
arenas shopping here in Givenchy getting
asleep because he hasn't got a suit for
tonight and we're gonna see how it goes
so there should be nice kind of tired
but it's so we won't be lit we're still
gonna give it the best silence I just
got done shopping yes in the bag it's my
hand is it gonna go up Atlantic dope
Givenchy Givenchy suits huge is it your
world how do you know
we are heading back to the hotel
I'm finally gonna do a soundcheck
because it didn't work out before and
that's when we do sound check the night
is about to start
there's drivers fighting to take to take
silence on the taxi so they're over how
they differ we've got the table be funny
got assume it was great man I think
y'all gonna jump in a taxi yeah I can
put a drop yourself
yeah come through guys yeah come through
don't worry I got you you're in the vlog
now gotcha girl we are having a light
dinner before we go to the real god live
in a night but our light dinner is not
that light because we got some food
right here
I got potatoes rice everything all right
guys we just got done with that little
light dinner we had and it is change of
plans we went to the wrong place
that was even soundcheck we're at so the
gala dinner is an even doper spot which
is going to be over here look it's just
over here and the view is just amazingly
this is the
how's it gonna go today the Y's in for a
shock for what salami later you know
that right yeah he's never been darling
he's never ever ever returned people
have ordered this for like people have
wanted this for time off its
opportunities name possible answer but
this happened today
Wow first time ever play this whole
dinner it's gonna be huge
oMG I'm ready Alex itis I'm excited from
Miami new brother right there for tears
right that says nice over here
performing in front of everyone right
yeah everyone is really right here
there's gonna be a bunch of like name
name people like people who sound like
Beyonce Nicki Minaj everyone there so I
was gonna be pretty crazy
you should play sadly - oh never shake
yeah oh yeah we on top of the world be
on top of the word okay we on top and
where are we on top of the world pretty
girls with us beautiful baby come back
do you a yeah I'm gonna try
i'ma get money man you know I like the
red huh it's a from another ATL 18 I
graduated three months ago
oh I whoa yeah you know what it is I
can't wait to try my album cuz you know
what it is it's gonna be fire you don't
like oh she nice everyone be cuz I never
like to admit that I was wrong and I've
been so caught up in my job didn't see
what's going on
I'm better sleeping on my own cause if
you like hey the way you look that much
oh baby you should go and love yourself
hey and then feel but you weren't you
what you gonna do it at dessert oh the
way your body movie got me hesitating
I'm looking at your girl yeah you're so
amazing kind of complicated got me
intricated when I watch you I fit the
rhythm in my heart when I see you girl I
knew in front of start move it to the
beat I'm just trying to play my part I'm
addicted I just can't miss this chance
to go ahead and get my dance hey I like
the way you like the way you go
yeah
now I try to imagine to help her lose
that
I know your father will be Potter for
your party Oh baby you can have anything
for me
you wanna be yeah I'm gonna be
doodleberries Jane you you you I save
you can turn off so I'm still gonna
shine and so everyone we have some fun
oh my god guys alright ready for tonight
you ready for tonight I'm ready for nup
oh my big woo
you ain't ready for that woo hey how you
doing baby
Oh got my jab yeah turn uh ooh ah
nothing go get the red pin what see it
lets see it we all see it what's up -
bye
I'm Sofie beam are you ready to turn up
this next recipient is playing in
bridging cultures and boundaries between
the west and the Middle East and also
teaching people in the US or the West to
teach Arabic so Jacob this is special
ambassador award goes to Adam solid
Oh
the beginning Eddie's mother
introduction rapper social media
activist Adam Sully along with salento
whose hip watch we hand over 1 billion
views from YouTube as well as Harry so
please welcome Adam solid salento and
Harry
that works too
I love Italian for the economy so by a
vice
Oh baby
I can replace of a baby
Oh
you
I just got to the hotel and I took off
the suit because I was so tight botch
wanna say thank you guys so so much did
not let me do a speech there I do not
know why I did not let anyone do a
speech so I'm gonna do my speech right
here the first thing I will do is thank
you adieu me gang for everything thank
you to my mom my dad for literally
believing in me thinking to all my
family members my sister's my brothers
for literally being there for me thank
you guys so so much thank you to my team
thank you to everyone out here thank you
to the home nas nas nas hold it down
seriously not coming over me and I'm
happy go through a lot this whole week
but he's been holding a lot of stuff
that looks the Wardrobe
hold it roll yep slowly you got it yo
party we got it Vic we got it baby
and guess what guys guess what Lee
Harris and nas are staying four more
days four more days in Dubai nas is
trying to leave now mean Harris go
kidnap mu say four more days in Dubai so
we're gonna see you guys tomorrow in
Dubai once again it's gonna be crazy cuz
cuz we stay the whole weekend like at
the Fashion Week's we want to explore
Dubai we want to look around and see
everything you know just have fun and
explore you know celebrate so as you
complete one is just cool right cool and
by the way the performance was so so fun
and so crazy I can't believe B Harris
and silencer just perform literally on
the ward show like it's like so it was
so random but so fun but a lot more to
come to it
yeah other than that I'm an the vlog
here thank you guys so so much make sure
you lock your thumbs up and we'll see
you guys tomorrow back in Dubai take
care or peace I like
you
