hey hey hey guys what's up and do me
yeah I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day it's
prank week there's no time for being
cute okay
ain't no time for being cute today we
are pranking Hamzah my house phones
ringing we're praying at Howser and I'm
gonna see you guys as house in the next
shop ready yes oh he's a kid he's tough
love you kisses and punches hey yo my
man I'll see you guys all right guys I
have to come back to the costume store
once again someone get a different clown
costume this one because if I get the
same one how was that hello gonna know
cuz I didn't want on Rima so I'm gonna
do this one yes I just got to Hamza in
Heidi's house so this is how the prank
is gonna go so I spoke with her
yesterday and she told me that a cloud
appeared at their school she said she
thought it was me her happy thought it
was me but it was not me because the
mask was different and I thought this is
the perfect time to do another clown
prank but I'm not gonna use the same
clown mask that I have I'm gonna use a
different one which is this mask right
here and I'm gonna go to the school and
we're gonna prank hamster so Haley is in
on it on the prank I'm gonna snatch up
Tyler in front of Hamzah with this clown
mask so I'm uh yeah we're gonna see how
hamster reacts let's see how it goes
it's gonna be really dangerous cuz I'm
doing it here at school so do not try
this at home and do not try this anyway
wish me luck
and I'm kind of scared because I'm doing
this outside and I'm scared let's do it
I got this thumbs up to me and let's see
how it goes by the way I got a no knife
because my dad broke the other one let's
see how it goes all right guys
guys that was definitely a teacher I was
definitely a teacher guys guys look no
scary I got a freaking I got this guy's
if I get caught if I get caught I'm done
guys
hi guys I'm near that school I just
texted highlight about to come out right
now
damn after school to like six o'clock
that I feel so bad but Hamza you bout to
get it
hila team not gonna do this um while my
skin almost scared just enough as a
clown what all right
they're gonna come off from down there
don't know what's out there scared why
is that girl scared bro I'm scared
then cometh I don't know but I'm gonna
get in trouble look hey I can't breathe
in this mask well and it coming no it's
all bad in the world they're coming
they're coming they're coming
is got to be the leader
that's me are you good how'd you feel it
was good he jabbed his bootlegger if I
give you perhaps because he defended
tirelessly reach past Hamza I'm running
I'm scared that sums up go Turkey I'm
running back home and thumbs up or else
this clown will show up in your house so
if you don't want this clown to show me
a house you give it a thumbs up or else
this is going to show up in your house I
might start scaring students
ah you know hey you wanna play ganking
toy truck hey hey Frankie what's that
lead you out I'm the fucking clown right
right right right
if you need me oh I'm sorry
all right guys I'm done with this prank
I couldn't get hangs in high to properly
because there you know my voice but was
it good either good dad hey guys thumbs
up go Turkey and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
Oh baby you can have anything you want
to me
