visiting a clown haunted house have you
- it is scary
hey guys what's up and do me yeah I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you are an amazing day
hey Ravi and Leo got it right today
we're taking out Leo and Aniyah nice got
my laptop because I'm uploading the
vlogs with my hot spot with his my hot
spot because the Wi-Fi is literally
crazy in London so slow so I need like
take it outside with me and it takes
around and almost go to Wi-Fi in your
house yesterday
now his Wi-Fi his Wi-Fi is good but it
can't upload for some reason he's faster
Wi-Fi is come in like in like a week but
this is what I got to do for now takes
like five six hours upload but it's all
good we're looking to get it up right
now we're going to a place what's it
called three six
what's 360 enjoy playing real I don't
know if it's like a play area thing
we're gonna hang out with Ania Leo
innothing after that we're going to
Thorpe Park I never been that for if I'm
going there for the first time so we'll
see how it goes and let's do it they do
beginning I'm so tempted to go inside
there I think I'm going to screw it you
don't have to be a kid to play guys they
need something like this in New York
City watch this this is magic
ready
look my manager
look how many balls are going up there
fill it up alone
me and I was like two kids gonna go go
go let's go baby
we're going to happen after this you
don't want nothing exploded what I got
this on bro it's going down can that
stuff not be construed by me silly good
ah if you can go from here yeah this is
well I'm a monkey but I'm Arab Arabs are
monkeys okay if you can go from there to
there
I'm gonna give you not much of nothing
without touching without touching the
floor yeah but what do you need mama
give you a leash slightly you like you
let me slap hard as you can right here I
don't know anything I know you can do it
if you can't do I can slap you
that's good enough for you but you got
slim slapped so Saturday we're gonna
slap each other
let's go baby
now let's get it slow huh
hey guys it's like seven eight o'clock
and it's already pitch black we're going
to throw pork right now and I don't know
why gets dog so fast now this means
Winston top it's coming but I'm mainly
excited to go into the boat to go to the
haunted house or anything because I was
like right night what is a fright night
we mean as I read that's not seen it was
last year we're playing golf together
yeah yeah okay golf together so today
we're gonna go to the haunted how we're
gonna be scared together now last thing
we're happy together today we gonna be
scared together so everyone's leaving
no we go with it yeah buddy that means
it's not gonna be crowded and we should
be good
this ish is crazy I'm scared well I
didn't know UK goes all out like this
with it flip the camera
so I snuck the camera inside during the
rocket not said he could never sneak in
a phone
Ross and I get a whole camera that's not
gonna hold movie careful you know don't
say second I came it was crazy was so
high but it was dope oh fuck he can't be
scared
this is creepy I do it yourself' was
good well hi guys what's up
do not attempt escape like this scaring
me though
that's their job you're not paid to do
this are you so I'm just chilling I know
you're just showing some yoga be a
youtube potato that's fine I'm just
letting you know the rooms mate please
don't get and scream in that face okay
there is good I can see you're about to
so please don't do that there are gonna
scream with every housing your blood
with them I'm sorry that's how she's
gonna go on video TC what's up yeah yeah
you can't touch the legs bro calm down
I'm already calm all right you surrender
body ball a look at this a riot you see
this ballpark tell them get out of here
I hate when people take their job so so
serious or they take advantage of it
like bro this dude ran up on me speakers
to be like nice relax
we're having fun we're not you know I'm
not here like choking on my box at the
Mount I'm just here chillin so what's my
name
you guys I do not understand the word
this kid just homey city and one of the
gems and I'm fearful ashleyheacock for
me I were to put in your ass what the
hell you just hit me what food is look
get holding twelve go you should be home
sleeping right now though is if you're
home sleeper huh
his accent so thick I don't understand
like nothing we under quit huh
my friend you know I don't speak British
man dollars ya know what squid and
that's my fellow sashimi oh yeah I don't
know so
he's uh the rive saw the Saul ride was
scary as heck because these are like
dangling these are not safe they dangled
a lot man just is scary
you look very pretty thank you very much
yo dad yeah Geoghan heaven okay okay so
right now we're going on the scariest
ride in Thorpe Park which is called
what's it called
Amina's stealth.stealth supposedly this
Gary's right here but we going to see
because the New York wires are crazy but
you care eyes are just they just dodgy
man like it was shaking the stuff on our
guys so this is stuff right there's
about to come up so what's up what's
good
yeah
this router screens that up to the man
right here man
I appreciate it also pretty much thank
you did you check the song she's a bit
CLA I like people like that I like the
other guy man who took his job so
seriously guys I just went on this ride
and like my whole goofy like what up man
it was wild literally give her jobs
didn't go off no one knows her job came
off Rob anyone has to Josh come up he
comes over summarized over girl you're
diggin I seen you I went up to the blog
man I know what's up I got easily Nastya
could any man I'll see you right here
but I got about to get like some
scratches on my face cause you know
gotta look cool I don't look cool enough
- my movie set
ah it's on a picture that's it
just get a crap Naruto quick picture
like it's on a quick picture I just want
a quick picture visiting a clown haunted
house I'm going to tell me - it is scary
what's up hey as fun as that stuff to do
so I gotta be her what's up dude that
clown
maze haunted Oscar was crazy but clowns
everywhere chasing you touch me with
that thing was wild well you know what
imma do now since I got mad at me for
trying to scare people I'm gonna go
scare people for real now so let's get
that girl
I did it I wasn't
ha ha
okay so we went on a clown one now I'm
about to go on to scary I'm probably the
saw one or another one I don't know
what's call but it's a scary scary
that's all one was one scary than ever
that's a scary one hold on the minim so
hot - these guys holdin on sir we saw
her how what is that green light flash
that was freaking creepy man yeah I feel
whatever it was creepy
alright guys I just got back you know
what Tiger scratched me in my face
thanks brother baby cries baby cries the
Tigers match my face look at it look
look ah these guys I'm just dog him this
is my last day here in London I'm gonna
miss you
say hi to Rima hi hey harima
hi every month you're watching this I
love you me my you what chick this and
that yeah uh-uh everyone's gonna watch
this okay I'm gonna head watch it when
I'm back in New York City guys I'm end
of like here if you guys enjoyed it make
sure you give it a thumbs up say thumbs
up and thumbs up thumbs up for Ania for
being amazingly mean sweet I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care or peace
I love you so baby please be me we wanna
be I know your father will be prouder
for you
tell you what you're gonna be Oh baby
you can have anything you want for me
