come on ready imagine Adam naked hey
guys what's up for do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you should be having an
amazing happy there right now I am in
London well not exactly in London I
always stay around the area st. Albans
because London is cray cray I supposed
to go around yeah I supposed to go
around in London today but it was
raining really hard and it was so cold
so I'm trying to go around maybe
tomorrow I wanna meet some of you guys
and see what's up right now we're about
to go meet up with two idumaean two
writer that I do Me's who've been
waiting since the morning near this
barber shop that I snapchat at I do not
know how they found out where the barber
shop is at but n√≥s told me they came
all the way from where in us Coventry
Coventry which is like a far far away
place from where where that barber shop
was that so nas once ago give a haircut
for Leo and then he got the letter from
you got the letter from Ali yeah early
game it's late
yeah couple of girls were waiting for
you know O'Day knows what the hell I
read the letter again as I come out I
see my number plate yeah it said Nizam
another place I see two girls chasing me
home yeah I know what the hell's going
on so pulled over and like oh yeah
where's Adam
he's in my house now where is he I was
knocked out I was leaving he sounds like
he's sleeping and I'm gonna really want
to meet him I said oh you live on an
island we'll come to you right now we're
heading to go see them and say what's up
to them so I'm so sorry for the traveled
all along but I appreciate you guys so
so much I'm gonna see you guys right now
I hey Leo give me an Lea what are you
doing not were you this bad when you're
younger I worse mm-hm
he's worse hi guys I just met up with
Samia and Hannah yeah Samantha they came
all the way from Coventry I have no clue
what that is but knots told me that's
like really far away and they came here
to say Albans around London how far is
it two hours we weren't even gonna call
oh my there is state open they just came
so they came because i snapchatted say
imma be in London fuckin a child to
mariachis ring sir no sir pick up to
dilly son oh yeah you guys I so they're
asking they wanna see my pink hair by
trying to show no one around here you
Kevin I'm only showing a do me game Oh
what's wrong I don't show no one laughs
no it's really bad don't I ready yeah
it's horrible
I'm scared to even show you guys if it's
wet but it's not yeah I just take a
shower
what's not really wet but yeah yeah it
sounds really good yeah let me just like
all right guys I'm here with what's your
name yeah
I haven't gave them a proper interview
somebody giving them an interview so if
you guys do not know Anaya and Leo a
brother and sister they're siblings how
old are you could ask you huh no how the
hell do you you know yeah who's nice to
you who's not you nice to my dad too
how's this is I've asked me first
question right what's your favorite song
oh no no I mean any song by who by
Justin Bieber
can you sing some of it
thought you'd always be mine mine good
fire I want you both to give each other
a hug okay let's end this interview off
with a hug so let me see you guys give
each other hug ready
you never give her a hug y-you know any
bug alley keyword I mean fuck flowers I
mean why do you know so not to teach you
some Maga okay you know like hugs
you guys gotta give each other all right
just kidding don't say that I give each
other hug ready hey what the heck is
going on
give each other a hug give each other
okay do me yeah right now we are in
nas's crib Oh with his anion you five
and his Leo you fuck dad today we're
doing what are you doing Leo whoa Oh
Johnny
the whooooa Charlie save water water no
sea water same water not listen to we
speak English here we say water you have
a fake English we got the real English
water water water ciao
what okay guys so the team's is me and
Leo versus Naz and nine so we're going
to do it each of us are gonna have water
in our mouths and we're gonna have 30
seconds the other person we got 30
seconds to make that person left and the
person laughs the other person gets a
point
you guys want to play it's easy everyone
should know how to play this game you
guys ready yeah ready
it's dude push you go first we're gonna
fish you guys go first you put water you
guys move for the woman I love for us I
don't you go first
don't swallow the water keep it in your
mouth does it I know how to keep it keep
it that lets us make it up time starts
one you got 30 yeah
only when you love really psycho
everyone cheese spinner you did again
ready oh fuck that no they have to make
you laugh are you not playing I ready
keep the water in your mouth
don't swallow it let's do fun games hey
buddy thanks for the coffee
she spit out my glove choosing a lot of
smiley oh wait we got ready 30 seconds
what is fuck however it does here 30
seconds starts now
what are you go monkey with him what up
was it Tom from sick everybody what do
you think I'll yell at the also it's not
regarding that they all saw is being
gone in a real farm to the chicken with
well the chicken come on oh all right 30
seconds gone
nuns did not laugh usually I always make
you laugh that's not fair that's not
good one boy
okay Leo's gonna go first they have one
point and let's do this come on deal
come on laughs ready imagine Adam naked
I'll should we dine here for that
Oh Lia ha you do God help me out there a
chimpanzee Russians for him is that you
got very sick one one baby died just one
more time
nobody a chicken he told me - you ready
okay all right I hope you know okay
don't chuck it in the ring that's purty
be whole little girls ready
I love love know at one point yeah your
friend uh ready set go
wow you weren't like a job on fleek hey
that was on fleek oh I'm sure funny pic
you ready little effort
ready set go hey this should become Leah
what's your friend's name
this right here this with he lay his
head back
hi guys if I laugh Hemis I miss a game
over
hi guys the winners
is niya and Nas it made us laugh and did
a good job little asshole
congratulations you guys totally I mean
me
thumbs up subscribe and go turkey if you
guys want to check out now this all nas
info is down below so he tweets and
instagrams a lots of the other ones here
you guys are seeing down below other
than that oh ma yeah I'll see you guys
you cook you tomorrow take care peace
bye I love you so baby please be who you
wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you're gonna be oh
baby you can have anything you want to
make
