hey guys what's up into me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day so I just met up
with the homie Slim and we have a huge
huge surprise for the homie Jason I got
him so this is this is what it is I will
tell you guys all the information at the
next shot cuz it's so loud right now so
I was speaking with Jason the other day
and I was talking to him about getting
you know an apartment for him to live in
and he was talking about how it takes a
while for him to get accepted into like
the apartment I was like that because
it's hard to get accepted to any
apartment especially if you're in New
York City so I decided to get him an
apartment right now
that he's going to have and so he gets
accepted to have his own apartment and
then the money that's in the donation
page will pay off the apartment he's
going to be at in the future so the
reason I'm giving him an apartment right
now is because he is like the hot spot
right now in his homeless community so
everyone I spoke to him I didn't really
want to like mention it here but a lot
of people were trying to like steal the
laptop for him a lot of people are
trying to take money off him trying to
hurt him and he's pretty much in danger
so I decided to put him in a new a new
home right now and so he gets accepted
to an apartment and hopefully when he
starts his whole YouTube and he gets
paid from YouTube he can continue on and
live a happy happy life so I'm so happy
and I'm so humbled to be doing this and
I'm so excited for Jason see his new
home right now so he gets his new
apartment so let's get to it and let's
see how it goes Jason we don't see okay
guys so right now we're heading to a
place Jason has no clue about what is
going on if I spoke to him the other day
about like getting an apartment remember
you had together intercept it too and
like
get an apartment like that it's kind of
a long procedure about well you know
what today while waiting for that
procedure I'm going to take you to your
brand-new home so Jason you're about to
go to your brand new home so it's going
to be sick
it's going to be exciting ready ready
we going baby Jason Adam take it over
Jason as you can see he has I made him
cover his eyes the whole time you got in
here I didn't want to show the outside
of the place we're in because it's his
spot for now until he gets an apartment
and gets approval but I want to talk
before I show him it surprise him with
everything I try to say that the place
over here is like don't don't expect it
to be like a crazy like I mentioned it
took me 12 hours to get this place and I
did the best I can and I pretty thick
I'm pretty confident this place is
amazing it's beautiful but I know some
of you guys probably like I had on what
happened dude I'm a huge house you're in
New York City and it's hard to find it's
hard for even a celebrity to find like
an apartment so I got so lucky with the
power of you guys by getting an
apartment here in New York City and I'm
here about to surprise uh Jason and keep
your TV don't don't look yet but yeah
it's an amazing spot and you asked him
to clear that up with you guys I did my
best and that's what you guys not worked
hard to try to get this but I supposed
to get it like way like after I begged
today I literally begged to get it now
just to have to just to keep Jason safe
and away from like the negativity around
him and to keep him around all safe and
sound and to enjoy so you ready all
right keep eyes closed you ready Jason
yeah the count of three you can open
your eyes okay one and you look around
you do it every one two three
welcome to Jason's well we got it if we
did it Jason probably did it Jason we
did it like her dude oh my Quran my
Quran I'm gonna give you a little house
tour okay ready all right we're gonna
start off here
okay so imma start off with your kitchen
this is your kitchen whatever you want
to cook whatever you want to make
breakfast in the morning what
cook anything you want it's here this is
the kitchen you got some stools you can
sit down you can bring any friends sit
down just show they just eat here this
is your spot your kitchen your
refrigerators there everything is here
long strike an edge steak a night Nick
what's the favorite food their favorite
food is steak have burners hamburgers
yeah say I love six I check you can see
in the end is a bath right here so we
got you some shampoos everything
conditioner soap whatever you need right
here
and you can shower yes shower every
single day when everyone you can do
twice a day for so give each other
toothbrushes in there also toothpaste
literally everything so let's go on to a
little more here so here to your left is
another bathroom you can poop twice at a
time if you want you can use this
bathroom or the other bathroom okay so
this is the first room and yeah this is
the first one right so nice little chill
better Oh
Juliana to you what relax on see all
right this one you know what that is
right that's what I like but yeah really
what so Wi-Fi let me give you all the
passwords in coaster over there and yeah
not that whole not idiot let's go to the
big room this is the small room so if
you want to sleep in the ICU room ha the
big be the VIP we're going to sleep in
this room I'm going to see the other
room you can choose whichever one you
want so let's yeah hi guys we're not
done yet
this is the main room and it's like a
living room and has everything near TV's
so let's open it up
this is it this is the made bed right
here I can't believe it I'm buying our
real bad so but I he's getting comfy
enough okay you get a cup of tea huh
how's it feel it smells great it's
comfortable
well it's got lumps my mom's watching me
right now today wait with him up you
know my mom's in heaven Oh My Luck get
down at me right now saying good job so
I'm proud if you don't mind me asking
what where's your dad I don't know my
father I just yeah yeah I promise you
right now your mom is in heaven looking
at you right now she's so happy with you
cuz you seriously inspire so many people
you inspire me so right now she's so
happy so just remember that she's happy
so she's happy you're gonna be happy
okay yes don't sleep on me now I got a
couple more to show you
TV's right look how huge the news team
watches the show much burgers on yup see
it's very good so you can use it here
you can watch anything you want this
cable here have fun I can join up to my
computer I think I don't know if you can
but I'm bad with TV because I never use
TV I use you to this but some jeopardy a
mo Newton's answer this this what is set
cold reals no George goes waste hazard
again that's a TV over here you can see
this is the air conditioner so whenever
you got hot we turn it on feels amazing
right now in a three-room feels amazing
right now and last but not least this is
the couch so if you want to just have a
chill out lay down at the couch and lay
down on the couch I can turn so bad - so
you can see here here on the other place
and yeah that is pretty much your place
Jason okay guys so we pretty much made
it here and at Jason's
spot here for now until he finds even a
better spot so just remember Jason these
are the keys
you got the keys he got the keys the
keys the keys any time go look huh I've
ever thought you know this would happen
to me yeah yeah yeah my own place yeah I
just I'm just sorry for your worse turn
I'm like me saying you stay here another
space but I'm actually leaving to Dubai
in like two days so you stay here have
fun some to get a visit you have fun
here and you're an inspiration to the
world and I just want you to I just want
you to enjoy every minute of it and
everything so he's gonna happen says he
has Wi-Fi now he can upload it and he's
gonna have a new video up so Misha also
go subscribe to it go like it thumbs it
up and go check it out because he is the
man and if you guys can continue on
donating so I could keep him steady on
his apartment gonna have you okay Jason
as long as you happy as long as you're
crying of happiness you're good
give me on man
anytime man remember your mother love
you too man love you so much seriously I
feel like I've known you for so long you
see an inspiration to me and I really
hope you can enjoy every second of
everything and just keep killing it and
just know this is a new beginning for
you okay so sorry I have another
surprise for you I don't know if I
should say now if I sit if I should save
it to later what should I do should I
say now should I save it to later huh
anybody say it now he wants to another
surprise know what just cause he told me
to say that I will wait and I was tell
you later know what I'm with telling the
surprise later because it's too much I
want so this is a surprise
you got it I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and yeah continue on please
consider helping Jason and thank you
guys so much and I'll see you guys
tomorrow thank you for subscribing to me
thank you for my new home thank you for
your donations I just take you for a guy
like Adam anytime guys help me I'm time
anytime Iceland
some of the meds Thank You homey slim
for helping yeah yeah go make a lot of
memories nothing sounds good
and uh I hope I hope you guys get the
help that you need
may God bless you
I'll see you in the future my journey
definitely on slush god bless you guys I
love you colleges take care peace salad
you
you
