I'm gonna show you guys some of them hey
guys what's up you do me yeah I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day the new me gonna
start off the vlog by saying thank you
guys so so much for a love and support
you guys seriously never fail to amaze
me a lot of people are saying oh my god
Adam you should have never had any
I've never hit him right now i'ma tell
you guys the reaction of my parents well
actually the whole Adams family reaction
to what happened yesterday so pretty
much everyone is with me for me they're
saying what you did was right because
they didn't want my dad to be the one
who gets knocked out or hurt so in my
dad's head and everyone like my whole
family's head they're like that's really
really good I defended your dad and that
you hit the guy because if I would have
never done that then that guy would have
hit my dad but my mom she's the old one
who's like oh my god you should have
never had it you should have just
blocked him and stuff like that but I
guess that's just that's just how my mom
is she hates it and I fight and stuff
and to be honest I never really fought
for like years like it's been so long
since I've fought but when this issue
happened when it happens to your own dad
I had no choice but to fight I didn't
know what to do I had no choice I've
seen a lot of you guys putting any
comments were like oh my god where's the
happy Adam Adam is not as happy as he
usually is you can't expect me to be
happy every single day and I'm tired of
being happy like every single day are
faking to be happy from now on adieu me
yang I'm gonna tell you guys my real
emotions I will let you guys know how
I'm really feeling and to be honest I'm
not gonna let right now I'm not feeling
that great I'm not happy I'm feeling
really really down so I feel like right
now I'm gonna go outside and take a walk
probably play some basketball and just
get everything off my mind I'm heading
back home today so go Syria and Mawson
so do me yeah I'm gonna head out right
now and I'll see you guys in the next
shot by the way man my head is killing
me it's kind of swollen the only thing
that's hurting me it's like little cut
that I had like a piece of my skin went
off but it's all good hamdullah I could
have been worse yeah I didn't want to
focus on any of that I want to forget
about everything so I'm gonna go outside
smell some fresh air and I'll see you
guys in the next shot do me gang we're
finally outside I'm on the hoverboard
right here and I'm like asking for my
leg to get her imma show up in Dubai of
money K Paul handicap and stuff he's
gonna be like what the heck is going on
also a few guys do not know I will be in
Dubai tomorrow February 10th 4 p.m. la
bouff
not pronounce it's French I cannot
cannot wait I'm looking forward to
seeing you guys and to the warm weather
so I cannot cannot wait this colt is so
annoying me it happens that about to
have a one-on-one basketball game what
I've had what I look for you broke him
about his face don't you think he's
looking for you like he broke in here
about his face this dude is crazy
what are you doing bro cover what to be
honest I highly doubt he's looking for
me or anything like that because he's
the one that started it and did
something really really stupid so I
don't really care and plus right now
like my heart feels really good and I
feel pure and I feel open to do me a
happy Adam is back well I think cuz I
can't pretend to be happy but I'm on
let's go to play volleyball do me yeah
we just got to the basketball court me
get my first shot my first shot my first
my knuckles getting a little bit better
so let's see if I'm goo on the
hoverboard basketball one hand let's do
it few guys doing if I make this you got
to give it a thumbs up all right hi guys
happens is my awareness all right how's
your awareness yeah yes you ready you
think I'm gonna make it or not
yeah what is that broken but it's just a
little swollen but I got this ready for
a do me do me a thumbs up man see you
guys I'm shot right thumbs up half put
up quick come on let's go okay oh dang
dong I feel like it's a good thing cuz
it's making my left hand much much
better
and this is what I mean by bad luck man
look look at this I laid up the ball and
the ball doesn't go down my jeans
helping us out Thank You Man
look at it Thank You Man hey I'm eighty
that count yo that was such a fun fun
game how's that sorry man had to give
you an L with one hand but it was so so
fun man I forgot how amazing basketball
is we got how I used to always always
play and needs to make you forget about
everything it made me forget every
little problem that I had think I can go
down No
no no do you see that only in New York
what oh my god please get around see the
rats you're near a police station okay
what is that well actually I think I
told you guys a few years ago about this
when I was 17 years old they took me in
here I got locked up and they took me
into this police station right there and
it was all cuz a fighting man fighting
is not good violence is not the answer
unless it's a fight yesterday but unless
you try to mess with your dad unless you
touch your dad he's different right
right
fighting is not good not good unless
let's say it hurts your family then you
fight back yeah see you ready no unless
they mess with your family
Lanie so sweet anyways we're heading
back to Hamza's house we got some
amazing bangin food yes I'll see you
guys in the next shot having to do
finger in my hand is that my new job
with me a new job in the next shot yeah
you're gonna get paid $18 an hour do
that
dumi gang I just got done eating I'm
bout to head home see everyone Watson
haven't seen them for so long so do me I
you guys can see them in the next shot
let's do I just got home who's crying I
don't know why mustn't you see my look
at my walk
Muhsin why look why are you crying look
at my mama look I have a Wawa you kiss
my booboo
Thank You Martha can you kiss my booboo
thank you Rima are you guys doing I've
missed you guys so much I haven't seen
you got those tears mustn't you okay
what happened who got you sad yeah but
you can't get scissors the only three
the hardest thing is always explaining
to myself - like it's like my family so
yeah I heard it yeah yeah so I held
scissors yeah the scissors gave me
booboo so that means never get scissors
you go to school every day yeah
oh my god he just spoke when he never
used to say sentences what did he just
say my teachers you like them okay put
your shirt back on what's wrong with you
oh my god I miss these dudes I've missed
them so much
I did I gave him a right hook but it do
me gang if you guys do not know and
around I believe much April in around
months to three months there will be a
third a third baby running around
a third baby oh my god a third one yes
you see your color
okay Rima see you I see what Becky do
come here what did you do
I missed my place so much frames I miss
you you too plaque I miss you TV I
missed you
New York City I miss you get my flag I
miss you moccasins screaming I didn't
miss that my YouTube plaque I missed you
the gym I missed you Beth I missed you I
know I'm back here but the thing is I'm
leaving tomorrow morning to Dubai I'm
going to see many kicks where's your
shot will give you from the doctors
mister you guys so much I don't
understand how much I miss Freeman wants
it so much what Moses dude always
pretending he's like passed out like
mutton Weiman don't step on him like
that watch up then pick him up muscles
get up punk
get up oh my god I don't know why he
does this
why do you have fun doing this by
leaving you okay do me yank so I'm at
the show it's okay man he got boo-boos
not everywhere all of a sudden they all
at boo-boos when I have a rule okay Wow
oh my god I hope you feel better but
then you told oh my god
oh my god is it better no student but
I'm gonna show you guys some of it lets
show you guys ready open this up nice
alright that's good
doesn't take that long okay
the knuckle is here so as you guys can
see my knuckle right there is these two
knuckles are really really yeah I heard
outside yeah so my two knuckles hurt so
much there's a big cut here there's
another cut here you can see is bleeding
right now look right it's bleeding here
I don't know why he's bleeding I didn't
want to show you guys the one to the
side but it's really really disgusting
like like it's bleeding again yeah
right there looks I don't even know my
knuckles are opened up man this is why I
needed stitches go give me nothing go
give me that go give me a napkin oh my
god give me a napkin it's dripping my
blood is dripping the sucks time going
into by like this like my whole thing is
like I came in I could really move the
right hand it's so hard for me to edit
and stuff I heard it yes I should have
went to the hospital man kids always go
to the hospital for your hair yeah skip
cracks me help it man yeah but yes to do
me yang I'm heading to Dubai tomorrow
makes you guys come through yeah I'm
going to divide tomorrow come through
February 10 4 p.m.
l b hv CityWalk listen I wish I could
stay here I really wish I can like I
really really like it oh my god I'm
sorry I'm sorry
yeah look at this man saying it's
nonstop blood yeah but do me gang I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
I love you guys so much I'm so happy you
got Reema Massey
but I'll be seeing a lot of youtubers I
believe in the next couple days I'll be
seeing face rug fouseytube yeah you know
I'll see I to watch you do I'm a-tellin
see hi to you guys okay I'll see you
guys tomorrow
do not forget to subscribe and put you
notifications on I love you guys take
care and peace I love you I love you
what are you doing man but he twerking
for good girls still violate a fake
Church just got home from Lebanon my
passport got so full I have to get
another one too bad my life on a runway
PJs out of PE Jake
