hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day today I have kind
of a long day I'm gonna go meet up with
the homie Joe he is a youtuber and he's
a men's hair YouTube his hair is amazing
so I decided no what let's do a videos
together from our fashion channel and
let's get this hair fixed I don't know
how things going to strain it some like
that and then maybe tomorrow or after
tomorrow or the day after I'm gonna take
a chance with my hair and change it a
different color for our Fashion Week so
I want you guys to comment below any
color you think I should do what color
should I change my hair to blue like a
light blue or darker like a light blue I
may be like you guys let me know which
one I don't know
but do you think my white like all white
that one look closer hello guys should I
do my beard too or no oh yeah you got to
do the beer I have to even muster start
leave the mustache dark
so everything but the mustache keep it
all yep
let's see some more opinions what color
should I change my hair to green green
nice green so I don't know
she said blue I'm saying white you're
saying green so purple she's saying
purple I'll see but maybe I don't know
everyone staring at me vlogging I'm
alone and it gets awkward when I'm
vlogging alone but I'm about to go see
Joseph it's the beautiful view of the
World Trade Center right here I'm a head
of war Oh Mike this is beauty
that's a wild animal that's a tiger Oh
was oh there he is
what's good are you doing this is a
beautiful view hotel views Jones live in
the New York City Life he's a he right
for the next day alright guys so meet
Joseph just got done with the video and
he kind of like he strained my hair
hooked it up and I still do her go my
hair is just a complete memory take the
best out that yeah my tribe with what
we've got
yeah we tried but it's gonna be up on
Thursday so you guys will definitely see
it Thursday
you're not gonna do it now isn't yeah
Thursday you guys what scene are you
guys you know show some of it um Joe has
his own his own like product that's
called Bluemont and I brought a channel
called bloom on bloom on and we get out
we just yelled the video for his fashion
channel yes sir and if you guys want to
get y'all check it out yeah like if you
guys get this this is dope you know like
what don't pair like his get it how do
you get it blue Montcalm blue Montcalm
blue blue with no II right yeah it's BL
you ma a.m. okay do me yang I'm
officially done with the video my hair
how do you even know to be honest the
thing is I love love fashion I love
clothes
I love my hair but I just don't have
good hair so it's like I don't know
that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna tell
you guys right now I'm gonna do my hair
I'm go to the salon I don't know if I
should keep a natural change of color
I'm gonna make it dope and if I still if
I don't like it I'm done that's it imma
shave my whole head and my head is
forever going to be a buzz cut it's
forever gonna be down so it's all up to
the next hairstyle I have which is in a
couple days for our Fashion Week if that
doesn't work out my hair is officially I
don't know you know just this hairstyle
look good
yes know if it's good let me know in the
comments but guys I read your comments I
read every single when you comment let
me know this up man
Fambrough I do man nice to meet you my
brother but I him you do are nice
nobody I knew him from eligibility broke
the spell on your video thank you so
much appreciate you getting your a
locket that guy his name is Hallett he
was so so sweet he's a man had a
shout-out see your homie answered homie
motion
what up ah it do me getting about to
have some Chipotle
I think I'm cheating on my diet but it's
all good it's just one day I think so
but I don't think Polly's not like it's
not that bad it's right laughs hey I'm
gonna go meet up with Jason and imma
keep you guys updated with our time she
was up I'm here with Eric Liu and Jason
Jason what's his name again Michelle bad
very very bad man I'm with Barbara I
gotta face my fears and I'm a then they
know I'm scared of like dogs so let me
show ya
he's so cute leaders he sold over a base
about yeah he's adorable four years old
and he's like my size little huge
we can do this watch but yeah what oh
he's you literally guys like he's
literally almost my height this is good
this is crazy man
he's beautiful this is crazy
Wow hey dumb baby yeah he's like 5 foot
wow that's I'm like 5 8 he's like
literally I'm just three inches taller
guys I am with Jason he was just hanging
out with some of his homies and I like
that it's nice seeing you and it's nice
to be updated which you know I'm saying
cuz he's he's like my friend now you're
like one of my homies I'll see you
whenever I'm in New York City my man my
brother he's right I'm friend of a
brother a brother I'm here Jason is oh
sweet roll goals Jason did you know that
you have over 70,000 subscribers
70,000 subscribers that is seriously
insane you know you're like the number
one most subscribed youtuber in that day
like everyone like you're the number one
in that day that's insane that's insane
yeah I could say thank you that is a
great believe it it'd be definitely that
is crazy Adam he's having some trouble
at editing and uploading so I'm here you
know help him out with that and yeah it
should be once you know the steps it's
gonna be really easy some teaching that
a little bit sorry around midnight yeah
I said 34th Street yeah are the bitches
cross
yeah this lady comes by yeah she looked
obvious miles yeah this is like Jason is
that you yeah I said yeah who are you
she don't you do your favors I said down
Sydney is she goes my name is Suzy
yeah out of nature Oh beautycon yes
sitting yeah well I said you know what I
should approve an order to beat you -
yeah wow that's amazing
oh man is humble be nice that's good
it's number one thing be nice to any
viewers you see be dope with them they
want to take pictures but there was a
fire all right yeah they're copy late
for dinner
but well have you been vlogging and
filming are you want to keep a secret is
it ah he's been chillin there we're
gonna shoot a few harmless
few musicians that's good that's good I
did when I get the vlog up
that's good okay I'm just trying really
take my time a little bit take your time
here take your time got a lot of people
like what is you know upload everyone is
dying to like beautiful do you ever like
read comments or thumbs up for what's at
library off yes yeah I do I was this is
my bearing today yeah
I was watching the Polish parade in the
comments yeah the Congress a lot of the
comments were cheer jerk good right oh
man that is so touching yeah yeah yeah I
can't believe I'm sorry yeah he was I
believe it
that's crazy guys he reads the comments
he reads it you're about to get the
silver what the silver bought the silver
but he knows about YouTube he came up to
me and he was like I'm not to get the
silver because once you reach a hundred
thousand subscribers on YouTube you get
the button the silver button that's like
an achievement that's crazy
much girly that is crazy and another
another thing is I have a little
surprise for you tomorrow and it's a
nice big surprise I'm not gonna say yeah
they'll see you then blog tomorrow and
everyone out there watching
they saved up over six thousand dollars
bad enough you've seen it but they saved
up over six thousand hundred dollars huh
my Turkish you took a sneak my Turkish
that integrates leak they saved up over
six thousand dollars you so much yeah
that anytime guys Jason is the most
thankful guy ever so and he's he's
really chilled and really thankful so
they appreciate everyone here like
believes in you and appreciates you so
let's see what's up with like let me
teach you how to upload you know I'm
saying
slim finally showed up really really
late why here chillin everything and by
the way I'm leaving to Dubai October 5th
October 11 and I'm gonna be away from it
but slim he's getting one challenge Bush
and everything like that you know I'm
just oh shoot I'm gonna come see who's
gonna come hang out with you just make
sure whenever you go see him if he's
late give him for every minute he's late
give him a punch right oh oh god Mama's
holiday for Adam that you saw say that's
miss never should be good we'll see
what's up so you see how ago I taught
him how to edit bit but it's gonna get
that problem it's gonna get there and
how to do everything so see how hi guys
me some about the head out to go eat
dinner and the saddest thing is
but me some head out and say back to
Jason Jason is off to sleep on a bench
and meets them off to like to go chill
then we're off to sleep on a bed so it
really kills me inside so it's just
touching and he's so nice and so humble
so he shout out to Jason man just
knowing that he goes to go to sleep on a
bench and we go to go to sleep on a bed
it's just really sad but it's all good a
shell everything goes well with him and
we'll see how it goes we just met the
homey man dual mind along women I met
him a couple weeks ago and I told him
I'm gonna go back to my criticals travel
so much I'm about to go get something to
drink because I'm full already
but even though slim is hung right now
but I'm gonna get a drink of water
something so thank you so much I'm gonna
happy be right here man you guys all
right I'm the lucky dog last 23 amber
what's up hi I mean it so so excited to
go to kind of carry yet because all me
Jason you want to go to want to go to
st. Theresa decided to go to karaoke go
you dinner you know there's something
every way I got her
have a look singing song
Oh
okay
okay do me gang I'm finally home and it
is time to finally choose the winner of
my jacket the EM patch varsity jacket
I'm going to choose the one right now
and I say thank you to everyone who
shows a lot of love and support every
single day and does not look like does
not look to get something back and just
does add a love of truly means the world
but I also want to give back I want to
give back every single time for like for
like something for an achievement so
thank you guys so much
I'm about to choose the winner right now
I'm gonna go back to the video that's a
thumbs up and comment I'm gonna choose a
random winner right now okay so I'm on
the video there's around 15,000 comments
but loaded so many of them and I'm going
to randomly choose a comma so let's see
how we go imma keep this arrow right
over here so whatever comment that comes
on around here they're gonna win say
ready set and oh my god this is our up
down up the boom comic goes to right
there I can only imagine how amazing go
to where Adams jacket when it's a shout
out to her love for language you won
congratulations congratulations to her
love to that YouTube account this what
i'ma do I'm a DM you Namit I'm a message
you on YouTube even though like who uses
YouTube message about I'm a message you
on YouTube and you give me all your
information so you have to go on YouTube
to actually give me like your
information and so I can send that up a
congratulations I'm so happy you've
wrote a beautiful comment and
congratulations you want I'm going to be
doing a lot a lot more of stuff like
that so do not be sad or like that
promise is going to be a lot more that
was a beautiful jacket one of my
favorite jackets so congratulations to
you tomorrow tomorrow's going to be a
big day I got a little surprise for
Jason thank you guys so much also I'm
going to be doing shout outs to everyone
who donated right now to Jason so you
guys got Jason over $6,400 this is
amazing thank you guys you guys thank
you Thank You Danielle thank you all
this all
these little ones help the most these
ones help the most thank you so so much
and may Allah reward you guys a billion
times more in the hereafter and you guys
oh my god this is beautiful
Adam you have my heart reward thank you
so much thank you guys so much for
loving support I'll see you guys
tomorrow
with the big day take care and peace I
love you I love you so baby please be
who you wanna be I know your father will
be proud of where you're gonna be so
don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna be Oh baby you can have anything
you want to me
