hey guys what's up a do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing sort but I having an
amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy happy day so Lily just woke up and
is already a lot of people downstairs in
a hotel for him to home e82 SAP was good
was good it was yeah we are divine being
Greek me man my money kid when he kicks
my money now honey I got a show I got
shot to kick some of yeah these are
looking already money kicks yes I hope
done that is sick
we're silent Oh looking Wow oh look at
these you get these oh my god ah Harris
Oh what kind of sleep like a marshmallow
hey Naz looking buzz so we hi guys they
wanted to be in the black hums okay guys
I've been musically on one of their
musical ease so yeah it was nice he did
that little what is it called it Julian
she's a wannabe
do you wanna we're so lucky to be at all
grew oh lucky could ever is still
waiting up there are the only ones who
came here yeah I'd like oh and we did
everything with Alan this is what I
always create because you girls are
awesome I love items really I've been
watching his versal I got me to I can't
even remember the days I'm watching him
when I started watching it from two
years how I say life is every man Dina I
want to see so I'm gonna
anchor I'm going to shout out for
everyone who watches Adam and Eve who
subscribes because like if you subtract
them if you want to feel like the best
becomes hula I really say something
while his enemy or sympathy he was a
really inspirational person to me
eyebrows said I just go and watch his
vlog and I always smile yeah very nice
I'm having a good day so I'm out again a
you should be having a good day he
doesn't look like he's having a good day
oh we know I have your stuff guys we're
all going right now probably made it all
of us over here took us a while are you
doing you alright I see anybody doing
good yeah right now we've got about
3,000 people waiting to meet and greet
how are you Reisen three and you had
forty two thousand six hundred likes on
your head three thousand people there
yep I want to go to the front everyone
here wants go to the back out of me and
I was gonna go to the front
these are you know you never wants to
deal with the problems off - it's me
that lot you don't do these crazy things
and I have to take what agree no I'll be
fine
I wanna vlog with everyone and let us go
to the front the hotel won't let us
safety ah your safety is most important
what hurts this chain take us through
the front take us to the front ah take
it to the front take us to the front
what is this what's going on there's an
intro no way for that do we game
no this is weird
ah
is it good
here our Fashion Week hi me too look who
surprised me in the meeting he Harper he
came in hugged me who's your best friend
what's up guys I've ever eaten a bug
said it was efficient white summers oh
do come come over here let's do a
challenge me we asked you who against
investigator will get slim faster that's
good that's good so you want to do a
challenge he wants to who's gonna get
slimmer Hamza you or him so that's a
good doesn't really help you I don't
know yeah yeah I loved it how does it
stop so that's good you look like
puncher
I thought I want to pig in she got big
hair - I'm daddy because thank you so
what he loves me thank you I shout out
my balls my dad and my friends nice -
I'm sorry okay
Madam's I'm sorry you love him give him
five
he came with a nice Gameboy take a
picture it looks so sick like let me
give a shout out to and kill uncle hop
in Hasani and some money and it was mine
hi guys I'm here with Sam and Haman so
affection and when we met this is called
water cuz you're fashionable customers
go right away or did I go huh that's
what they do anyway cash my like that
how do you go oh yeah oh so you're
George I don't know why God little you
first thing I'm gonna shadow and Jimmy
gang yeah really good for you and can i
shadow yeah yeah yeah I miss me yeah yo
I love the stuff he does especially for
the homeless guy yo man great stuff you
do Jason the walls will be the best hear
from the world
keep up the good stuff man you love your
channel sorry on Oscars tariq Ali on
I've been watching you three years thank
you so much I love much your name
from where
don't do biue wow that's great cause it
smells so good
literally yeah i Eleonora own Ageha and
come there and basically I'm with you
yeah I wanna get a shout-out to send one
Sidra yes thank you guys so much and
about a damn appreciated ad we should
avoid the business success thank you and
they got me so many gifts so thank you
guys so much for everything
hey I'm so bad with names jellow I
remember her from Twitter from some
delicious that's all right
this however was I remember Twitter
names thank you guys I think gave
something to Jason so Jason they got you
I got you some gifts so watch it oh
watch it watch it oh watch me watch me
watch me watch me
Oh laughing guys my camera freakin died
during the meeting so I went to go
charge it and now we are going to the
fashion show right now I think this is a
last fashion show on the red carpet
everyone's out here and it is it's going
down it's gonna be dope so you wanna see
how it goes just got to the show
Kim Kardashian wore that hi guys the one
and only the Quan Smith say what up you
already know we hand Dubai all the way
from New York City see represent New
York City that was the best one so to
everyone who's wore on the cosmic oh man
yeah Lady Gaga Kim Kardashian that's
creamy Jana JLo Serena Williams I mean I
could go wrong
yeah we've seen the pictures over Shauna
Hotel yeah it was sick but yeah we had
out of all worlds which one was the
favorite come on even joke it was almost
like guys so I just met my crush it was
a random car cuz the picture I've just
seen it someone send us in the online
and I posted I'm not here to know and
like yeah what was your name Katherine
my name is Cassie alright guys we just
got back to the hotel and mean Harris
today are gonna teach you guys how to do
a musically we're gonna write so to do
way to teach ourselves as you go pretty
much say you know I'm a professional
musically because I did a music good
today with a girl named Tim Tamara so
shadow T Tamara we're going to do two on
that beat and we're gonna see how it
goes
so think about musically we're gonna
choose we want to look fast and go full
yeah oh you have to this so that means
we have to do stuff look how dumb with
what the hell just is oh my good
what is this pretty how are you yeah
weird the bye bro would like that
Muttley look at my shoes
hey she was hot food Hey look at these
light you know you know what I'm saying
however sorry but my stuff is it we
messed up let's watch it look I don't
think I wanna do that
let me on point yeah really sad but I
look a million started to Lee Harris
more have to start late tonight
trust me I wasn't gonna be about trust
me trends we have a gap in the beginning
is gonna stop us okay ready I'm serious
oh yeah ready sir
let be you do too much rather see
musically people you talent it takes a
lot of hard work you know what it was
okay we should okay I pulled it up that
oh my god is that good really good
I got shows me to wrap up the black hair
so hey guys
I started to rap on his life hope y'all
enjoy this like everyday make sure you
leave a thumbs up and go Cherokee oh
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care
peace I love you so baby please be who
you wanna be
I know your father will be
wannabe so don't let anybody tell you
what you're gonna be Oh baby you can
happen
