hey guys what's up and do me I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day we're out here in
Dubai
it is looking we literally got no sleep
like the vlog you guys watched yesterday
it was Adam starting another vlog right
now all we did was take a shower get
ready and like just start vlogging right
now but me give you guys a tour of this
hotel and it looks beautiful we got two
special guests we're gonna give us the
tour and show us around using that shows
are in the hope this is our hotel room
so it starts here so these two UK people
are gonna give you guys a tour of the
hotel I'm just gonna vlog it ready sir
God good evening ladies and gentlemen if
you're having an amazing day I should be
happier than embarrassing deck over here
we have some strawberries some
blueberries raspberries or a raspberry
and no one has a black bird they provide
us with fruits and stuff over here I
will let my colleague over here tell you
about little if you follow me through
here please they are and you can see the
beautiful view if you want much come
from yeah you find you'll come on this
whole time yeah it was a no way
yeah dude are you trying to ship me to
the leg oh I tried to slim right so if
you would like to come through here
please you can see our beautiful balcony
haven't quite worked out how to open the
door yet you don't need to open the door
but look out there for me son Wow we Wow
we so what's that over there that is
what we call it we like to call it a
horse track
horse track it's got all the horses or
the tracks it's got everything how much
is it the robably costs do they go for
the horses ah is easy about four five
million pounds some of them were 20
newsie
in pounds for two by our old four to
five four to five million and over here
we have a Samsung TV nice widescreen
television we do and if you have a look
over here we have like a beautiful
system some touch screen you just simply
just press it like this and it closes
the curtains if you have a little fancy
fancy
very fancy this door is worth for about
$45,000 is it really no idea but it must
be because when I did my house a door
like this was like 300 pounds right now
you can see this is a bulletproof shit
marble Wow Wow
Weiss Wow look at this i'ma show you the
size of this door that come through this
is how they're going on only into buying
we have free cupboards here and if you
have a look and you'll believe that this
obviously nas is covered because
everything seems to be folded and put
away nice and neat all right I don't
have a covered currently oh my
if you have a look this is where the
suits and stuff off and if I get can we
just show where's Harris is coming I
have a cupboard but someone stole my car
God knows what's happened in it this is
a cupboard I last but not least the
third member that staying here his cover
it seems to be on the ball I don't know
why because all the way around the Rosa
as you can clearly see at your right
hand side mr. Adam Saleh has left the
bar he's left them are the marbles up
and Oh can't you explain yourself right
um I don't know I forgot her like I
don't know how to book the thingie up
let me let me
how it's nothing so basically this unit
to the left my it comes up here here
here here and here
also out of here Harris would you like
to do the honors we also have another
comment in here we have a bar from in
here it's a carbon and this is where the
English into why were you you doing a
number two here coming here you pull
this and put this is the double
king-sized bed rule of us or Adam and
his boyfriend we have hit their face
leap on here together and again we have
another touchscreen thing that closes
the curtains it may take you guys
outside ladies and gentlemen we have our
balcony here we have two sets chairs
beautiful relaxed well I can just show
you guys all across here this is a
horse-racing place they have so why
aren't you there racing huh
why aren't you there running all right
guys we decided to stop at the buy more
so we go though shop and me Harrison Oz
before we go to the little what do we
have today we have some fashion thing
tonight at the red carpet so we're gonna
go shop it for a bit and then head to
the red carpet so it should be really
really fun all right guys we're at this
aquarium this
inside where the Sharks are up I'm
assuming it for you guys you guys can
see it but right here
they're surrounding them this is insane
what guys I'm trying to get sunglasses
but I don't know what you want to get
I'm loving these ones but if I buy it my
mom is gonna freak out because they cost
around $1,000 please right I might get I
don't know mom if you're watching this I
just love these glasses I don't know
excuse me what name brand is this huh
shoe part so I did not get it because
nas and Harris helped me you know make a
smart decision they were like it's not
worth it like was how much was a worth
you think for the glasses yeah like 200
the most so glass of a thousand I don't
know they were dope Oh
or not spoil his sheets but like these
are like eight hundred dollars it's not
so cheese I swear to God I never joke
look at my nails the clothes here it's
normal now look at this watch this
alright it's about to be turn right now
I should
10 seconds each side is like something
yep what Google side is which Wow listen
first thing gosh I need is look at this
Rhoda's duck this time I was unfixable
not it's gonna be shiny but like that's
crazy
who's he look at Hilda crazy
I told Minnie pancake mini pancakes only
in the baklava how they have mini
pancakes in Dubai which is pretty dope
I'm not eating I'm plenty healthy but
you know
yeah so they said try to help vitamin E
Paykan nobody got healthy guy by the way
Harris's tattoo thing you got it was
burning the crap out of him because when
he do like black henna he kept ona yeah
you got sensitive skin and it was
burning so his thing was like literally
bubbling up and then you had to get like
a cream right now it's like ouch hurt
not anymore anymore I was hiding before
the game is bubbling up bro just go
public
yeah a little bit the top one book it's
one thing I love about Muslim countries
that just goes loud everywhere guys now
you guys know what I mean by NAS being
like eating so much yeah he's just fat I
could know what is not it's not my head
of shake shake since New York so come on
you want to eat again we literally ate a
whole room service meal no comment wait
mini pancakes and look how much I've
lost alone they look slightly gonna gain
it back out breathe out you say oh the
chef's again ready right huh
they made me take off my heart you feel
it what's up thank you see you like my
hair you guys like it yes
what color shall I do how's that burger
ready house ever what the dog in it I've
been eating healthy all day and I've
been looking at people eating chocolate
burgers oh man get eat healthy right not
even healthy very healthy Seymour but we
just have one of these that you're right
the tree stuff sometimes but I treated
myself a lot of time so I'm like no
all right guys I'm trying to buy the new
GoPro number five and he's telling me
it's a thousand how much on thousand six
seven one thousand six hundred that
having which test around how many
dollars that's maybe like four four
hundred dollars born and found out look
really give me this come and suffer from
pink-haired of tuberculosis disease
I was born like this man
help me my give me discount this man
give me this cowboy
mother look brother look like that that
very nice please help give me this
couple oh hi how are you hi I do it was
so so awkward when I was doing that I
think I don't know it was in it my name
is for what was not meant for us right
here
oh man how'd you know I was here
my snapchat nice cool guys I'm Abdullah
right here mommy he got good luck today
because he said he met me and I just
landed so yeah that's how good meet him
when he was here let me
hopefully I get to meet everyone out
there that didn't meet anyone that I
didn't meet hopefully meet you guys
again how's it going are you doing good
yes very good I'm bad what I like about
him is when you came up to me he spoke
to me and also we spoke he didn't just
come with I should say hyper okay yeah
variously hyper do me gay we're about to
go to the red carpet there's a lot of
events for the air Fashion Week this
whole week and today's the first red
carpet you have to dress your freshest
and it took me around an hour to fix my
hair not stuffing it I hate it I hate it
I hate it with a passion
very low folk because they keep delaying
us and keeps making me look a again I
don't know I regret doing this hair to
be honest I regret it no I might change
it in Dubai see I'm I discover all not
even open where's our self-confidence no
but I can't look at this
yeah what about paint have what look at
this Batman oh I'm not a good man I'm
worried don't what the heck cuz I did
when I was gonna go but we're heading to
our Fashion Week right now I'm with
Rubin moon with the random selector Jose
mashallah and it's going well
make that Hotel the best hotel out here
Dubai so I'll literally show the whole
room so they get to see the tour was
funny he did a little room tour you guys
gonna see you tomorrow up tomorrow so
yeah i refreshed getting started there's
no date in 10 from today so October time
I met her again
the Asya she is amazing and I was saying
her mother's cooler
she's so cool no but he is so cool but
her mom was amazing so yeah thank you so
much to her an amazing mom
Oh
guys went out of fashion week it just
started
I'm with the home right here he is a
huge fan and he wants it to be on the
block so what's up what do wanna say um
shout out to my dad about me here huh
I love you too bro is that other you
guys amazing you guys you guys you in
the shower
yeah nice you guys it amazing I missed
the beginning but you guys did amazing
fact it's the end of the r5 I'm vlogging
with anyone here how's it going this way
I'm here sit here
what's your name oh my oh my oh my Tamar
Maddie got Big C gun
this is he got the gun he got the gun
but how's it going huh
Egypt or Bombay huh Mumbai Mumbai oh
that's nice so you see cultural and our
Fashion Week is dope what do I want to
say that's good that's good yeah I
missed like half the show but it was a
fucking bitch of us no don't don't love
it
they got hearts also sneaky others we
save you guys so just keep it ready take
the good air
you guys did it a bit she did an amazing
job yeah yeah family is bigger screens
bigger everything separated centre are
yeah yeah mostly country with it perfect
this is not the dollmaker this is not
beautified boy no way no way yeah what
give it's for you thank you rexella just
about your color oh thank you guys so
much God thank you guys so much
hawawa gave me a phone it's limited
edition how many pieces there 400 only
400 in the world
yep in the world and I got one this is
like yeah this is really really cool so
shout outs at Fashion Week it's
literally crazy literally quick on the
way welcomes the Baja deca I've never
seen anyone like little I've never been
followed by cameras this much I was
crazy
okay do me hang it it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoyed this
vibe he did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey today was crazy
and amazing it's just a start up our
Fashion Week and I felt like I felt like
I'm being stalked by paparazzi like
literally cameras ever I've never gotten
people following me that much with
cameras around so I felt kind of like
nervous I felt like I didn't know what
to do I like had to like just like I
don't know it just felt weird but it's
also about special so thank you guys at
Fashion Week for making me feel special
because I never feel really special my
whole life so now I feel special thank
you guys so so much other than that I'll
see you guys tomorrow these vlogs are
going to be dope
Dubai Air Fashion Week make sure you
guys come to the meeting read mean
harris are doing is going to be on
sunday october 9th at the maidan hotel
which is this hotel at 5:00 p.m. make
sure you guys come to a few free meeting
greet everyone is welcome and i cannot
wait to meet you guys so I'll see you
guys tomorrow
take care
a piece like I can't replace them a baby
I'll cry too big menu be brighter
every day for the
my life's to be
