hey guys what's up it in the end I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing morning you all should be
having an amazing morning at 6:30 a.m.
New York City's alive I'm heading to the
bye
and this flight I'm taking it first
class first class with a Virgin Atlantic
and this is my first time ever going
first-class international I feel like
the last first class that I took that
was inside America was a fake first
class this one is about to be a real
real first class I'm flying to London
first and first class we get meet up
with Nas and Harris there and they're
going to react to my really weird hair
then after that I fly first class again
all the way to the bye so I have a long
long flight around a seven hour flight
right now and then another 7.5 and then
a two-hour wait but it's all good
if I first class International that's
like it's like you have a bed inside the
plane last time I was like literally
just six inches more space but this one
I'm gonna have a whole bed I didn't even
sleep I see it up the whole time
so looking forward to sleeping in this
one
yeah I live in New York I finally got
through security it was really really
fast
I'm about to go inside the lounge right
now I have 20 minutes to hang out and
then I'm going in the plane you guys do
not know how excited I am having like a
bed in the plane like this is like
literally a dream come true
I just got to the lounge it's a freaking
pool table in the lounge pool team in
the lounge the Sigma this is art man
this is beautiful loving this you tell
them what you want the menu and you get
whatever you want for free literally so
I just ordered breakfast salmon eggs and
you just stay here there's a pretty the
food and everything I'm just I'm just
chillin that's my flight my finds body
and I need to eat I'm eating quick
hey do me a I've just landed from a
seven-hour flight at London I did not
vlog in the plane because I didn't want
to vlog yet I want to vlog when I'm with
Harris and Naz and it was crazy I had a
bed I was laying down
I slept out the whole day I'm wide awake
right now so the good thing I didn't
want to vlog while sleepy so I'm gonna
fly right now when we go inside while
I'm like you know wide awake so I'll
show you guys literally everything the
beds and I'm a mess around like that
I'm energized so I'm pretty sure
Harrison oz or sleeping because it's
nighttime here but it's gonna be fun
meeting up Harrison uh right now and I'm
gonna show you guys first class in
Virgin Atlantic I am in London and I
just see the ouvea Naz easy eating like
this dude got what is snails Nimet
nothing wrong for you I came to visit
you your nonsense you can go into the by
together ah oh yeah I'm here but why
they gonna beat up Harris in a few
minutes I gotta show you something ready
oh sure
he does all that looks over what you
tell me come work for a minute huh we
need to speak it all a bro killing my
not pink no I'll go with him
that's a week Rick that was snap she we
were here yeah on the street yeah boom
yep you know they call me big van thank
you for it's not fixed yet that you he's
gonna fix it the rest me so yeah I
forgot to get a team of villains opener
oh you gotta like I will choke you up
Rima like says so realizing who else do
you see
well you lost it when'd you get here
street but it's not straight
so I also bought a pink charger to match
on my hair I don't know much people
people do that but I did it cuz you know
that's cool you know I got a match with
you charger your charger means a lot you
know what I'm saying mother wear pink
clothes - I didn't get my backup a
hoodie on me I got pink suit you all
pinky yeah is that your super yeah pink
one
yeah wall over I need to see how you
pull this off I need to say you put it
if you pull this off your G hey guys we
have a special guest here it is the
whole V hair is Jase it came with a dope
track suit right here let's go vibe in
both yeah I've seen this is Canada well
see no ready for the buy she's wrong I'm
ready
the Weisse gonna stand back you got the
suit suits are yeah I got my suits - I
hate wearing suits but I got C back I'll
show you something
ready here I'll go wait what happened I
don't know how to react I was confused a
girl she's my good do you like my hair
yeah you sure can you feel it feel it
we're about to go in a plane headed to
Dubai
nas iPhone 7 is right here you got the
jet black iPhone 7 here you go
for Kingdom
when you talk about clean road I'll just
clean it is clear I got a logo it's good
it's good who are you two minutes we do
it it's good trust me but I so mean
Harris came up with idea to put water
well he said you say your brother like
puts water position
he just oranges on the table this year
basis Sampson he's actually have two
words I suppose waterproof so we're
gonna put knives is iPhone 7 to the test
as you know it is not man we're gonna
put water on this looking pretty hold on
you get a put you're gonna do just what
the whole deal is car Wow yeah it's
waterproof design let me see em see well
you do you know kind of know into a lake
you know it is dry it moved away
Wow yes literally drive I'm scared man
hello
none of those little he's letting us but
water on his phone
see like I want to wait but this is sick
the whole thing is gonna be sure it
works though well it works 100% works
look at that it would just move the way
hi guys we are here first guys like how
it looks here it's like literally like a
chill-out spot okay what's up oh are you
from London
yeah New York City anything Adam isn't
it Stephen I'm a steagle what's up man I
don't add much get your hand away oh my
god farfel Arab Fashion Week oh yeah
with that stuff huh when she stop do you
wanna see like a surprise so I'm going
for our Fashion Week
it starts on like a couple days let me
show you something right yes ready I got
it cheese a biggie first sale yeah yes
yes ready get going Freddie hi
say what's up guys I'm will Harper here
you fuck what do you me to do hey how
are you take it off you're grabbing up
take it up
I'm dead you go back up it looks a mess
of up its away hahaha how do you Harper
trace around to you throw Avicii oh yeah
his nice to make it had blue our green
hi guys we're on our way to Dubai we
have seven half hours to go and imma
show you guys how how do you do it how
they put the bed here first off it's
literally social it's like push this is
like a little chill spot like look what
was that Mike sir no no I'm just which
is recording it but it's very yeah how
do you do it first is this is Barney
yeah and
this comes down and it turns into a full
bed with your blanket and this too full
of matches no way
just in case something stupid
I'm here with what's your name Harper
Harper he is he is a model a baby model
the Gucci model and Harrods mom and he's
a football team what team do you play
for
he plays for West Ham so yeah I played
for Liverpool who do you like by the
Liverpool or what's that what's down
how old are you Hey three years old and
you haven't what's your brother's name
again his brother's name is mine decay
just kid literally like we're like best
friends right now are you my best friend
we're best friends are you coming to New
York when are you coming I'll okay a
girl are you gonna knock on my door he's
gonna come to New York and I got my door
so sounds good I'll see you there
mommy guys I'm here with ha-ha-haaa and
he is mine but seriously my best friend
not even drunk we've been hanging out
like three hours it's kind of dark here
wouldn't play games on my phone and
we're winning what what are we winning
winning fuck people basketball and gold
medals right because we support what
West Ham what is it love this kid
who's your but he's little even calling
me his best friend I love this kid so
what who's your best friend
I'll be honest don't lie to me a lie to
me am I really your best friend because
I'm scared
he's telling us is that a fee man I do
me getting I just got to the hotel here
Dubai and it is looking amazing I'm not
gonna show you guys now imma show you
guys in tomorrow's vlog right now I'm
gonna end the vlog this week is it going
to be seriously so so amazing me Heron
snobs taking over the by our fashion
week make sure you guys come through I'm
gonna keep you guys all updated with
it's in maiden hotel so made that hotel
that's that's the whole info word every
that's what I'm saying that so and
that's where our Fashion Week is gonna
be a not shut the hell up you doing a
snapshot right now I don't want to show
my show the hotel I'm sure you guys
tomorrow
so you got small thumbs up go Turkey and
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care or
pitch I like it's gonna be alright so
baby please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of who
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything
