Dubonnet I'm in a really really really
sad mood like I'm so sad man I don't
know what to do with everything happens
for a reason bro oh yeah better come in
tell me but my heart isn't gonna be good
everything is hurry it'll be good fun my
heart's broken man my heart's broken man
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah should I do huh
what should I do um takes medicine all
right guys I'm so you guys what happened
so you guys ready to hear it all right
so I saw this crush she was an amazing
beautiful crush and like she came up to
me she know me and everything like the
way she even her personality was Lilly
was she acting so sweet so nice shoes I
cannot take a picture of you then after
that I was like hey like what are you
doing she's like I'm sorry I'm married
I'm like oh okay
so my crush was married okay do me yank
right now we were heading to Dubai Mall
my favorite mall in the world is the
Dubai Mall because I don't understand
has
everything there and that's like one of
the place I wanted to go sister
beginning and we're finally getting to
go now
even though it's literally like 11:00
12:00 at night but we're gonna meet some
planning on going to get the easies
through 50s one that just came out today
I believe it's sold out all over like
America but they happened about here
really actually this one
if some of the see apps I treated a
broken heart emoji because you know I
had a program up slow doesn't get the
easiest he's gonna have broken hearts my
guys right now we are in Dubai Mall
there's a taxi inside this is why this
is my favorite moment it's a taxi in
Dubai Mall this is dope now my about to
go to the dealer store hopefully we get
some Easy's and we gonna see how it goes
there we go see what's up this is sick
I'm loving this
this is dope guys no Joe grab a taxi it
waits for us outside we get over
something I don't
Thank You Meechum at anytime bro I'm
surprised a lot of people up right now
it's like midnight they're religious
you gotta be here Wow Easy's so hard we
have franchise that's the easy to hear
don't level up to level up yes okay
another deal okay all right guys
hi guys what's wrong adidas still almost
got a heart attack but with other adidas
or and this order so that it was gonna
be and this it sold out here I bet you
know these are sold out so yeah no easy
but the sweater looks nice so Mickey
Mouse sweater sorry with that you're
late no nose again thank you he's like
you
I do people good job well we got foggy
gets because it's so so hot here I don't
want to know again we are having dinner
at this amazing amazing view of portal
enjoy that this is crazy this is
beautiful like the lace yeah nothing New
York City nothing in New York yeah we
like that he sticks here to Allah this
is sick
oh my God look at this he's already and
then you're gonna see fountains in a few
minutes here down there I was going slow
as you know fast away
go name one
silly
really money not as good as enough dozen
I just met the homey here how many I
mean one year many phone come on son I
live in sauna and we had a Hadid I know
honey that's my spot man I've been there
for a sec man lets me know you can do it
come to the show yeah k position came to
the show mommy so we just got done
eating this was literally the most
beautiful most amazing spot we're trying
to go back to the taxi and we're
literally lost like I do not know where
the heck I'm at I'm lost in a mall since
Lawson friggin Dubai Mall they got a
dope ice-skating rink
I want to go there so bad but like we
have no time I do man so I know how a
guys doing what's up thank you so much
oh yeah thank you guys to meet you too I
do about yeah solid I guys do it was
good like muscle brothers from Australia
Brahim what's your name you know you ran
to tonight mr. Mustapha mashallah
nice names and they're from Sydney I'm
going to send it in December so
hopefully will be fun it's gonna be warm
there December I this family New York is
cold but no Struthers give me summer
some of this so it's gonna be nice guys
I remember when I was doing Valley
that's in Dubai I was on this family
famous camel right here you always be
remember I love you Kim know what I'm I
named him
I'm I named him at do me this mile do me
cameras when you guys are come to the
back take a picture at this camera I'm
hugging it right I see so come to the
bar my camera way is it man I love it
he's guys looking at me to back like
what is he doing my camera huh you know
he's mine right yes his name is ado me
thank you so much
you go take a picture though I'm sorry
about that sorry be careful with the
camera and it touch him touch him safe
he's good he say hey what's up man nice
to meet you bro I don't know I like it
don't get married so yeah I Linklater
this is how we dance in Yemen we do
better
but I got hood funky he's like
my dad is much better than me I
definitely some solace but I still got
teaching Pakistani desiiva what's up
guys
right now we're going to do a little
challenge I didn't vlog that much today
so I decided you know what let's do a
little challenge that nas came up with
nothing he's seen a couple football
players AKA soccer players doing this
challenge it's like a celebrity he's
gonna show pictures of a celebrity when
they were little little little babies
and we gotta guess what is us 3 he's the
presenter and us through you gotta guess
what is me will cast in stem and what we
played his 10 celebrities 10 what I
guess is the most they're gonna what you
guys ready with UNAMI
don't be Oh No haha good evening ladies
and gentle welcome to the disease show
okay I'm going to present the old web
piece of a cheater yeah wait was that
math is ready that is basically I'm
gonna show these guys pictures of babies
oh yeah okay I'm going to show the
sensor camera and I'm also going to show
you guys
Oh got it yup we got this and you guys
have got a guess you have ten seconds
ten seconds yeah you have ten seconds
Jess uses to make sure though you can
see your paper shop where you hide it
all right thanks you have ten seconds or
ten rounds and I want to score the
points and I will present it so the
first baby hmm
I'm gonna show you guys mmm is is who is
this baby no I got it why not like field
yeah one no he gave on his hands I got
it okay and he has like a head oh you
are so dumb oh my gosh you guys are so
dumb gross
I got seven I got this eight done not
done ten I got three or four every turn
at the same time to honor it
to capture took turn to the camera right
down to three
so you read them up Kym Cano dish
Michelle Obama well a person is your
Michelle Obama
this is it skincare looks like Northwest
authority is nervous about the next baby
i'ma show you is who is this baby for
this I got it all of it I know this dude
oh my god three four I got this but I
got this I can see it like I see it huh
37 you Travis oh wait once no it's got
10 stop right in first ton of your
papers ready set go
you're all wrong no I was going to see
with all those so close this Ariana
Ronaldo Kris Humphries where did you
plug cuz how easily the basketball
player don't where did you put them
especially Rebecca please copy these
guys this is good you like this one G
like this one the third baby is so close
one I can't see I can see with that
frozen three closing eyes oh this is
hard
five six okay that's one seven eight oh
nine ten
tell your papers round ready all right
laters round will smith as you've Kanye
West Magdalene you're all wrong
we don't know about soccer ball
okay good man next baby imma show you
guys is mean I might walk up this if you
don't get this I'm walking up ready come
round more oh I know this I know this -
it was gonna fall on me Mandy um I
noticed let's go I'm a beast six I'm a
beast
Oh what nice 1025 round hey Pepe I've
been well all wrong is Kobe Bryant oh my
god I can't be visit it's funny they're
not women playing we let them get this
you only to quit okay
surround five who is this baby oh my god
woman doesn't know this is what am I to
you
I don't see four five zeliha chin up Oh
heaven
hey oh my god boys I do this time hey
Justin Bieber just give me baby this one
uh I think you'll ever get this one I'm
ready
round six who is this baby Oh what so
he's one oh why can't everything oh I
got agree I look oh my god Wow I started
five six seven has he messy Bo hey no 9
10 20 papers round then I said whoever
we got over there or 18 if we got over
there happosai if we go over there and
the answer is plastic Richard Channing
Tatum Ashley Bishop oh we got a patina
huh hey Matty
no us dancing I know three two and one
if next baby it's got this kids as you
quite like to see however I like this
kids cute ready
who is this baby Oh what does it get a
boo come on
if somebody doesn't get this is he's
already under I was not already okay
tiny papers around Jake there you go and
the on Sam you do joy do
calm down down that's cool free and
Toronto the next baby some that we have
is it interesting one this is this well
you put impressive awesome must be zone
it's black and white let's look real in
for once was hard like a lot of the
times on yes my social 702 Eddie no I
can't write the hear anything ten you
put the rules no you can't write on your
papers right oh yeah I don't know you
get any papers round here we go little
Wayne ever got Bill Gates Barack Obama
it's better come on okay watch it up
four three three next baby
it sounds very interested I like that
who is this baby got it I got it I got
it I got it
don't cheat bow please for all fine I
knew this is cheese long snotty cheating
several nice chin a 990 with two rows
1025 is wrong Rhonda I said sure
Feliz with Queen Elizabeth and the
answer is in fact Queen Elizabeth Queen
Rhonda Rosie oh yeah he'll you out so
that's five four and three who is this
baby yeah big ass boy we're going to see
three four five six
I got a seven and I got it nine ten yeah
you are wrong
we're Jake
or Kanye West the Ranji who's it it's
Rihanna Rihanna as we are tonight
tonight yeah we are not beautiful babe
Wow good good is the loser over here
Sorry Sorry
the main runners up we have slim and
orders you ready on five key drink ahead
let me go your mutts embrace the show
this is great there's no contest I know
is he just a jump let's jump it 20 what
what in would you not know how the other
kind of sure it thumbs up filet
champagne this stuff go follow them on
all the social media and YouTube down
below check it out see this I see you
got smarter you guys hope you guys that
partner comes up you have fun you like
it was right
ah thumbs up I love you don't we gotta
take a piece like you so baby please be
who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of her
you're gonna
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything
