hey guys what's up ado me Hank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing it so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day we had in 40 in the
last 48 hours all of us miss the mark as
soon as we had about maybe you could say
four hours of sleep I'm still wide awake
I'm still feel feeling happy I'm feeling
amazing and we're heading to Doha right
now I'm going to Doha the is the most
comfortable I am one of you guys give me
these in Dubai and this is literally
amazing a onesie so I'm going on a
flight for the first time with this
onesie on hopefully turns out great we
see how it goes I got this little tennis
ball that you guys gave me also
seriously only gives you guys always
give me it comes to handy the food it
comes to handy the letters it makes me
smile everything else give it makes me
so happy I'm running late for my flight
we're gonna head out we'll see how it
goes let's do it
hi guys I'm the hotel right now when you
guys also gave me this though YouTube
thing is on person T Arabic tea in this
I'm just going in as comfortable as
possible to go to Doha it's one of the
most amazing tea ever boom boom amazing
beautiful
beauty finally made it to the airport
slim forgot his passport at the hotel
and our flight is in one hour and he's
got to go back to the hotels thirty
minutes away so I don't know I was gonna
have him tell the taxi driver to drive
extra fast so if he makes him drive
extra class he can be back here by like
ten twenty minutes before the flight and
he could actually make it so hopefully
it goes great we'll see how it goes
people looking at me like what the
hell's is different I don't know I'm
going to sleep on a plane that's what
I'm doing because once we land in like
an hour - heading straight to meet agree
handle that we made it here at the
airplane we got so so lucky he tries to
cut our Airways for helping out slim
he's gonna get a butt whooping why at
the hotel because what he's doing I
literally you don't know you don't know
what we went through some said you and I
went we were begging the pigeon guys
we're begging them to bring Slim luckily
the people were fans and like they
helped us all so much so thank you so
much like everyone like him get me I
can't let me take a look
you know that it you know absolutely
love the me right on the people just
cats our hotel here papad and it is
looking amazing so far it is how sound
like when I say hot it's really hot I do
not know why I'm wearing this so I can
always see you guys hopefully I'll see
you guys in a few guys I'm literally
hallucinating right now cuz I got all
seem like 40 hours so I wonder why I was
bugging out what that is going on so
this is this is literally not good this
is not good
here pass to the meet agree it's gonna
get down this little side like that
everyone down to the police already here
like please come quickly
I don't do that I don't do it guys we
just got those comida Greek what's up
you shoutouts five five over five rely
on making the meat agree here thank you
guys so much
we honor you it's something I love you
guys too rock music been hectic go out
here if you guys want to come come to
Firefly oh my god cause I've come this
far up Jim he's locked him in okay
oh I'm good you guys this is what Thank
You doll we love you I love you oh yeah
it's me
have you thank you so much for this
thank you so much any time for you
anytime anytime you were the man man
you're number one you were number one
thanks mama
Eddie tired
you can with your son yes
when do you convert Islam five years
know five years masha'Allah nice I got
so I Drive it here in my dad is gonna
tell us a really touching touching story
so yeah so what's your name I do my a
German so his name is Edmond and you're
from Sri Lanka yes he's from Sri Lanka
Bob did you even telling me he's from
Sri Lanka and you can eat convert it to
it's not five years ago right he
converted to Islam five reason I'm ask
you a couple questions that okay okay so
um what made you wanna like convert to
Islam like like what what was you know
what what was your reason anything you
send means Islam is good yeah yeah some
people is misunderstanding yeah Islam is
Muslim is terrorism
yeah but Muslim is not television yeah
yeah
what is your help that ready yeah you're
right you're right
hundred percent right what happens if
you if you go to Sri Lanka
if God's telling out because my family's
problem so do people and so like I know
you converted or no no I hear hundred
you converted a couple ago yes the wall
my son lost and it is Stephan out yeah
there one what is that the phone on
Islamic cultures and marshana's well as
beautiful and Lama your the people of
Sri Lanka they don't know you you
convert its Islam my family scandal they
know and do they do they agree or do
they know no agree why not like to come
as long as you like and you know it's
good hamdullah and it's it's alright so
Slava like a brother see the man thank
you so much I'm gonna edge madman shook
crown have you I love you so much man I
love you it whatever you need I got you
okay okay you demand of everything so we
just woke up we had a whole like 14
hours of sleep we're heading back to the
bye and I left like I lost my passport
for like a whole hour in the room and we
literally made a whole scene to for the
hotel and it not ended up finding it
between the blankets on my bed shoutout
to the man right helps us find that man
thank you so much
yeah yeah Thank You Man thank you thank
you so much oh damn boy yeah knots
father in between blankets and he was
literally bugging out I got so mad that
they found it and I was looking over
because I was such a needy I put in
between legs I told him each and
everything when you guys can punch my
face go some I deserve it so I deserve
this punch go do it don't just go
because as much as I want to do it so
just go on that one cause please go
uppercut time oh good shot Oh punch off
his face now that's what I seen after
all December Colo
don't get ugly no we did it this years
go tough go tell the eternal and model
it go on boy all right guys write the
April heading back to the bye
my battery's dying I just want to say
thank you guys so so much you guys were
so emotional a lot of you guys were like
crying itself and maybe folks like the
other kind of happiness but it made me
so like made me emotional so thank you
guys so much for being amazing I mean
end the vlog here I'm so sorry this vlog
is kind of short literally today was the
day where I was just like I felt like I
was hallucinating I was bugging out just
I got no see but handle I got some sleep
and I'm gonna head back to the buy and
come through with a long long black
tomorrow and I'll see you guys tomorrow
make sure guys give it a thumbs up see I
still do enjoy show vlogs see you guys
tomorrow take care and pigs I like I
love you though huh I love you
I know your father will be proud
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby I
guys I'm open up some of your gifts
right now you guys literally gave me so
many gifts I appreciate every single one
you guys want to show you guys love you
know she got stuff right back so um
which one should I open first I don't
even know which one um I'll choose maybe
this one shows a watch actually what do
you give this one the chosen watch I
believe this girl her name was let me
see your name was Lulu or something
she gave me boards your name but she was
so so sweet I'm like she gave me a watch
with her name was she was Lulu yes I got
a write C I remember your name she gave
me a watch with Golden State warrior
like colors there that is sick this is
crazy
thank you so much Lu Lewis about 64
thank you so much you're seriously so
amazing this says here everything inside
is UAE related things from and the idea
and the Asya thank you so much open it
Hannah I can't believe that you're
holding the same paper I was holding I
know this is so crazy but I don't know
what to really write oh you're so sweet
doing it smells really really good
hey this is gonna be dope my mom is
gonna love this virus show this to my
mom Adam Adam in Alireza
yeah um oh ha ha this night was even for
me
I'm Adam my mom it's a hat that is my
mom I'm a giver she's gonna love this I
found also got a couple shirts here more
shirts more shirts and this is mine ah
smells so good a gang posters I want to
take these back to New York City got a
lot of them not more than here thank you
guys for always bringing posters right
here I got these two things right here
let's open it up and see what's inside
they wrapped it up really really neat I
feel bad when you got oh we got my blood
I got come on what black alone Hey
