hey guys what's up hope you're having an
amazing day so today is January the kids
they're always so crazy so today is
January 6 and I'm here with moss and
Reema and their father which is my older
brother Abe who is he oh my bad I'm
sorry okay
so we're gonna be telling you guys the
big big announcement today this is a big
chapter it's a big it's a new chapter
they saw they saw everything in day one
yeah you guys saw everything since day
one so you guys are here with us a lot
of you guys are guessing that they're
gonna make their own YouTube channel but
now they're not they're part of this
whole family that I'm sorry
a YouTube channel and people were saying
they would be signed in to infinity
they're already they're the owners of
what infinity but a lot of you guys
we're also saying some other stuff that
is true and a lot of you guys were
correct because a lot of you guys know
us more than we know each other like
it's like it's pretty insane like the
connection we have with each other is
crazy at dooming and us the Addams
Family you guys seriously make us so
happy you guys never fail to amaze us
every single member of the Adams family
literally loves you guys even the ones
who aren't on camera you don't
understand even my older brother man he
always talks about like ideas you know
giving you guys the best without further
ado I'm gonna let Ramon Mawson and Abe
I'm gonna let them make the announcement
because do me gang this is gonna be the
next chapter for us I hope you guys are
ready hello wait can I say it what you
guys yeah yeah okay I'm gonna say what
yeah because I want to feel like I mean
I know I'm not the dad he's did that but
here I'm gonna say what there you guys
ready yeah all right how to count
through you're gonna be saying the
announcement one two now we're gonna
have three crazy all right
not two three damn that is crazy a baby
congratulations Thank You
congratulations buddy
congratulations congratulations to a
match online somebody what after this
people gonna go crazy do they want to
know the unisex so Abe I'm gonna ask the
questions and you just answer okay his
name is Abe Abe kicks okay Baba okay
okay so what you guys know right now the
big announcement is that we're having
another baby like I remember when I
started YouTube remo was born she was
like the birth of YouTube and then
Mauston he's like the half mark of
YouTube and this new baby is gonna be a
new chapter for all of us for the whole
Adams family I cannot wait to a lot of
you guys must be thinking in your heads
is it a boy is that a girl
baby Anna come babe how many months
until the baby each other couple more
months four months we didn't want to
announce it back then when we already
knew we wanted to wait because it was a
lot going on with the house with the
settling in with the schools with like
so much stuff going on so we wanted to
wait to the perfect time and we felt
like the new year is the best time to
say it for you guys to start you know
January January 6 is the start of 2018
and the baby inshallah comes in in four
months we do not know yet if it's a boy
or a girl
he wants it to be a boy
and she wants it to be a girl okay guys
if you guys want to choose leave in the
comment down below comment below if you
guys want a boy or girl maybe twins so
if you guys do not know their mother is
a twin and in a few weeks we're gonna
get results if it's a boy or a girl or
twins personally I don't mind anything
as long as it's healthy inshallah aybe
do you want a boy or a girl what do you
want be honest yeah anything doesn't
matter doesn't matter there's a mom what
do you want a brother or a sister a
sister what do you want Muhsin
what do you want a brother assistant
brother he said so this is the amazing
news that do me yank I hope you guys are
as excited as we are like it's gonna be
an adventure a journey to find that you
know everything when it's a boy or girl
I make a dope surprise baby shower
it's gonna be so so dope thank you guys
so much for being family to us you guys
excited wow that's crazy man I've never
knew any billion-year like I never knew
Muhsin was even gonna exist a seriously
crazy man that's it
dumi gang thank you guys so much we love
you my thumbs up subscribe for daily
videos
