it's got this guy's a legend man easy he
went to create the platform that you've
done on your and I think that's the bit
that's you know there's a lot of people
trying to do what you guys do and you
know there's only a few that succeed now
I appreciate give you the
congratulations that you deserve you got
you got to join you originally the
parents are from is it Yemen yeah Yemen
one of my friends from uni produces
honey
oh no oh is this honey is the best from
their best honey yeah the journey for
you like I mean obviously you grew up in
the States and there was a whole life
sort of I was reading up on you last
night it was a really interesting story
about the whole you're getting bullied
as a as a younger man and then you turn
someone into the bully at some stage of
your life but it's been sort of like a
full circle here we are the year 2016
you're in Dubai you're a youtuber
getting millions of views on your videos
how do you feel I feel I feel bus
I feel bus you know came along journey
born and raised in New York and went
through you know hell but at the end of
the day was all worth it I don't regret
how are you entertaining what do you do
like yes your mind always thinking okay
I'm gonna be funny I'm going to take
advice what do I do I just be myself to
be honest okay I didn't do what I
normally do and if you would like it
they like it they don't they don't we're
gonna ask you a couple of questions
let's just say this maybe isn't that
expensive so just be careful okay
shocking yeah it is okay so it's got
suction caps we're gonna suction this on
to via table put your eye you put that
hand in there let's just make sure we
touch every hand all right now yeah
we're gonna ask you a couple of
questions here and if you are if you get
them if you're lying you will get a
shock if you're telling me if you're
telling the truth everything will be
okay alright so video is the truth we're
gonna account and asking the first
question on omean okay alright alright
now our first question right now now
you've walked into the Virgin Radio
studios yes Adam are you happy that when
you walked in big Rossi was not here
does that usually make like that made me
happy this morning no I didn't mean you
happen
okay he said he wanted to meet big row
seat now we press this button it's got a
pretty big in press the button go now
let's see if it gives you a shock test
here that was the truth oh sure okay
another one next question look do you
believe like many people do that I am
one of us looking males you've ever seen
yes
no I like this has to be my little eye
let's say you receive adamson the truth
ha ha ha ha
your lies oh oh he's lying
good the shock I did not you can take
your hand down now I knew it was a lie I
knew it little thank you appreciate the
shock because had Adam Saleh in studio
ladies and gentlemen um listen man if
you want to check out his Shari's
happening it's happening tonight in all
of the emirates go down this guy you're
a gentleman bro they want to be one of
my chances that was a wrap it was so fun
and crispy from gets fucked with a lot
of excess but it was well hi guys
interview is done we got ready and right
now we're heading to the show and this
is the most nervous I've ever been to a
show I know I was nervous in the camera
because I was like thousands and
thousands of people but this one I'm
really nervous because the Kings the
kings of Dubai a couple family members
are coming to watch it and I don't know
I'm so nervous guys so I don't know what
that what the heck to do so like it's
like guys give me a motivational
sentence each and every one you guys
right now ready go
not first not go
just do you man you smash it every every
single time every country
no I'm saying my man thank you so much
my method you look up I only need some
real stuff ready I'm ready for something
yeah
thou shall be thy self whole time I like
that I like that I like that was it what
color don't you I like that I like that
I'm just going out onto that be yourself
and whenever them hearts my man thank
you guys so my god bro I'm so nervous
like pounding pounding like faster
faster the closer we get but hopefully
goes wrong and we're stuck in traffic
right now this is the why this is why I
didn't write down Bobby's mother along
he's ever said anything that smart in
his left whoo what's up bro um I don't
think my gaming shop I was focused on
the positive the positivity and the
theme about it like praying in public in
seventh grade during Ramadan in America
I was the only Muslim in my school so
while I was in school I was fasting and
I had to pray so I have to pray in class
in front of everybody at the pray in
public then after I finished praying in
public everyone started clapping for me
a company were looking at me so I was
like you know what let me try this and
me go pray in public and see how the
hell New York City of reacts and I did
and it did well we are here right now
backstage finally guys shuttle outside
10 minutes will get even more nervous I
just met a lot of nice homes right now
one of the chef's some family members
I think his kids and a lot of the family
they're so so sweet so nice this is
literally what happened I was like yo I
like your throat it looks nice he's
wearing the amorites I was going likes
dope
he's like you want one I'm a giving one
right now I'm like wait he got on the
phone and started calling someone say
ready I'm a young guy now I know he's so
sweet so died so thank you so much you
chatted to you hopefully we get to hang
out and chill after say ready so nervous
man why don't get nervous oh why do I
get nervous is normal she Nona why do I
get nervous why why I got this is gonna
be fun
and
you see how it goes let's do this
I can hear some of you guys here about
to go on I love you guys so much I
always got to give a little speech I
always make that before I love you guys
so much thank you guys so much for
everything for bringing me to where I am
today I never knew in a million years
I'll be doing this so I appreciate you
guys I appreciate the heck out of you
guys so so much thank you so much for
the bottle my heart's for everything you
guys do I love you guys
21:11 a lot on sometimes a killer
because I'm gonna hang up
I'm going to Dubai would you like me to
buy you the world you marry me
everybody gets high sometimes you know
what else can you do when you're feeling
low I don't know you told me to tell you
could deep breath and let it go you
shouldn't be drowning on your own and if
you feel you're sinking out with jump
right over into cold cold water for you
just trying it out it's like it's a
serious question
oh do you think it will look nice on me
or not no come try it on ah oh good I'm
having a show in Dubai do you want to go
yeah it's like a comedy show no one goes
to it but yeah yeah do you want to come
I'll take you there we go
yeah you just got to leave work right
now and go yes
no no what fine I'm going to leave the
store with this outfit on leaving the
store with out for them I don't
I don't see them nice to meet you oh
sorry Holmes got in trouble guys for
putting that Jessa
oh hi how's it going I'm good hi hurry
careful I'll get him out of me
no huh what do you stay in feverish my
pendant Hey no way
no freakin way my flight is right now to
Dubai I need to head out slim Adam what
are you doing here
I'm going to fight I'm going to Dubai
we're going to divide we're both going
to divide it okay I see that
Oh
Oh
to be
but what you
why
we have some special guests here in the
show and in the vlog we have chef
Raschid chef
Abdullah so we have ladies
nito say hi what you want to see I see
their source yeah I wanna shout out to
my mom and dad nobody serves you so
sweet thank you so much for coming to
Jacqueline subscribe my channel what is
it called
yeah I had that I need to check you out
Dianna had that the other had that she's
turning 10 but she's on cue Izola thank
you so much for coming thank you guys so
much for coming through hope you guys
have Carmen yes I did thank you so much
I appreciate it thank you so much she's
so sweet
oh my god on behalf of my mom and dad
for bringing me here hey come out to
remind me later Joe get us outta to
Qasim yes here and the yeah he said he
came to Toronto Muslim fest you did yeah
he was in Toronto muscle fast and I hear
dope and I got really all mad as oh and
they were not met you man thank you so
much dude I went Wednesday night though
like you're trying like you're twins
this is what can i satisfy this whole
sauce truck but I'm still member oh no
just kidding
hello - hey guys oh my god even here
thank you guys so much
so this is mini Adam Salahi's when that
roasted slim and he came all the way
from Court version in a minute thank you
so much
yeah give a shout out I want to give a
shout out to my friends channels years
gaming for XO but fun what's the hub of
it I want to give a shout out to fair
Sun
college um
and other comments but you know it's
funny I brought him on stage anyway I
bought him randomly he was many atoms ha
that means we're destined to be that's
crazy thank you guys I'm here with the
royal family over here Abdullah Mohammed
Mohammed have the line man about to go
eat they took us to a Lebanese Lebanese
cuisine they ordered for 15 people is
about to get a while but we'll be good
so we're here we're waiting for what
kosnov's is slim we'll have a dinner I
didn't know where the after dinner and
I'll turn around - yeah so Sheikh
Abdullah has the iPhone 7 and it looks
it looks so sick but what it does what
somebody do this stuff though it's so
different look at it you know it doesn't
work know what it does it it's like it's
not a home but it's not a button so what
you do it has like an engine inside here
is that hex code taptic engine yeah it
feels like here or you're tapping it
yeah but like we know it's not moving
wow that's great Mozilla and he's
observed all our life
hooyo is Thank You King University the
lead is the hook hi guys the main course
is here food is seriously amazing thank
you guys do you have any chili shots in
a row family
but give it out to the forum right this
seriously amaze have it all day nothing
says yesterday so the food here chill
it's amazing what's most place and
Hallum and hello and hello please okay
see before I'm not going to eat until
you guys Ravin I'm not going to eat
until you guys know you guys got EEPROM
we're fighting over who's eating first
this love is just eating there like
thank you so much
so we just got back to the hotel and I'm
so exhausted only give you huge shout
out to the royal family there was so
amazing so nice he gave me one of these
I thought I want to what I was like I
want to get one of these like you want
it he took it off and gave me and he's
gonna give me like more SOB's and this
he was and I was like nice muggins I'm
gonna give you the clothes he's so sweet
as so like he's so generous I thought I
was generous you so so generous I might
see him and a couple days looking some
crazy vibe fitter you're gonna have I
cannot wait to show you guys also the
winner of the giveaway of beautycon is
now yeah it's now done and the winner is
Caitlyn her Instagram is Cal E
oh oh so Caitlyn congratulations and
thank you so much for beautycon for
making this happen you're gonna be in
beautycon NYC and I can't wait to see
you so hopefully turns out great I just
want to say that I am so so proud my
whole mood change for being sad because
my Instagram and Twitter was hacked but
now I'm so so happy because the Dubai
show was literally and made outstanding
sold out the by show I cannot believe it
and my performance wise I think I did
the bestest everybody got thing but I'm
not everyone was telling me that this
yeah out of all of its links couple of
performances for the best that is sick
what do you think that without it that
way up into that every single show yeah
Telly's
this just divide this one you had the
best that's it in college not it was the
crowd was crazy
then I had to bring slim for one of them
and and mini Adam Saleh that kid he
slapped him so hard bro it was so crazy
but it wasn't it was literally an
amazing fun time it was so much fun it
was so well I love making memories with
you guys thank you guys every single one
else for coming through and
ha I thought let me guess I was in
Michigan no minions Allah is for the
Middle East to buy well he flew actually
I'm a crazy a Slovak wait these are all
the gifts we got right here no way well
bro 10 minutes as I blesses iPhone 6s no
no give it i phone 6 s which it has a
while though I have one is obscene
Madden look it can't be bro let me see
oh my god this is six it's crazy
this is crazy I love wait I see what
this is the toy phone bro this is oh my
god I usually say something on it though
this is open yeah you prank me
is he open psych you thought here's a
gum
they give me a gun very good I'm gonna
end the vlog here I should say thank you
guys so so much once again for
everything you guys then thank you to
everyone here to NAS to a column for
being a part of this amazing journey
thank you thank you thank you to you
guys do me AK has been an amazing
amazing pleasure I'll see you guys
tomorrow
gives back a thumbs up take care and
peace
I like us
