hey guys what's up for do me yang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day right now I have a
big big interview at virgin radio and I
got a couple more phone interviews and
tomorrow is the big day but also got
another interview tomorrow so it's going
to be a long long hectic day but it's
gonna be fun so I'm taking odds with me
and I'll see you guys in the next shot
all right guys so heading to the
interview right now and we're trying to
decide which car should we take because
we got the Lambo and the Ferrari is it
both ours and we got the Rolls Royce and
we got the driver so this is our driver
right there so we don't know which car
to take which question we take Lambo
Ferrari or this which one this one
how you doing man what's up the man
right here he's the homie I'm literally
up so sleepy man as I sigh maybe
I don't know maybe this one I'm feeling
this one silicon you know feel leverage
today Sola
what things
this is sick
guys by the way Mandeep is finally here
that's me again she is the one I wanted
only we got the whole the Bosch already
so huge
so we're heading to one of the biggest
radio stations here at Dubai it is
Virgin Radio I woke up so early
literally had like 2 3 hours sleep
because I was editing it was taking so
long for the flag to upload and I wanted
it to upload before I even slept because
I don't have that habit where like the
black has to upload but I'm wide awake
from this Lamborghini literally this is
amazing and sick oh my god
oh my god these are divine problems you
don't know which car to use Ferrari
rolls-royce Lambo or driver so we chose
level today what the crazy thing is slim
Vikas nas and me I don't have my license
everyone else has your license so they
all can drive a car so I'm always stuck
but either the being in the passenger
seat or the driver but it's all good
no he's doing all the work it always
how's it feel driving it there's a hard
or is it like a young forgiveness a
Lamborghini
what do you mean like easier love is
easy pop you can feel the force that
soon as you pick down
yeah it's goes fast
whoo oh you guys let me know in the
comments below you had a choice to drive
a Ferrari Lambo or Rolls Royce what
would you drive let me know in the
comments below unless you would drive
another car but let me know in a comment
so I'm really curious what would you
drive I'll tear this number memo I don't
know me either
I don't know a lot of truth I'm never
really into cars but I am he's
definitely a Lambo oh yeah welcome back
to the show this afternoon as we talk
travel when the best events in your city
and a show that you definitely do not
want to miss is happening tomorrow Zara
yes certainly is and we are joined by
the guy who is actually gonna be in that
show we're so excited to have him in the
Dubai eye studio is YouTube sensation
Adam Sarah welcome to the show Adam
thank you so much housing on thank yo
the RTC what cooler than I bet one cool
dude that I was watching you last night
on them on you YouTube clips there and
the thing that first struck me was your
personality it's just super warm and so
now you can uh pull people but how do
you build your following I mean how do
how does that work actually getting that
a huge number of people cuz I mean let's
talk a few numbers I mean how many
people follow you um on YouTube I have I
just reached a 1.5 million and both my
channels sorta goes like three million
okay that's nothing trust me Karissa any
other users but um um yeah I just I just
be consistent you know about uploading
and I just uh I just have a connection
with with my viewers and then I watch I
call of duty man so shout-out you call
them up and do me game don't do me guys
yeah we're good yeah we're good game
work for the best game in the world
yeah of course you guys can join all of
us I'm gonna do leave my bed definitely
so you here in the UAE obviously we're
looking forward to your performance but
where else in the world has this tour
taking you um a lot and I've also going
out Doha the day after and we're gonna
be probably hitting Australia in a
couple months
it's amazing all coming out of YouTube I
mean let's just put it in perspective I
mean your actual videos what kind of
things do you like to post what kind of
you know stunts do you pull on them on
your videos on you a lot a variety of
subs I do a lot of like regular comedy
skits or I'll do like prank one day I'll
do a social experiment fun feeling you
know there's also social experiment um
like let's say something is going out of
the world and you know you want to do
social experiment see how it goes I
didn't want one dog basically um it was
like honesty test to see how people
react if I dropped my wallet in the
Middle East and how I dropped my wallet
in New York City oh yeah yeah and I do
love so you're quite involved in charge
words so tell us a little bit about that
as well um I love doing try to work I
love you know that's something of what
I've always wanted to do when I was
under and I did um we visited an
orphanage in Uganda Africa yeah and it
was literally the best thing ever in my
life II I got to do a music video with
them it's called tomorrow's another day
I got to hang out with them I got to
make videos with them I got dates with
them lose the funnest thing to actually
present a live show to a live audience
is a different ballgame over together so
how many development people was asking
like no you do you - what are you doing
the shows and I'm like your comfort
surprised by my see here you know that
you don't get your eyes awesome show Mom
and Matt I know but I believe before I
have a couple songs so I performed those
songs but I also do like a lot of Middle
Eastern comedy a lot of comedy allowed
us a lot of funny stories inspirational
stories I do a lot of challenges I do a
lot of the randomest funniest thing I
get the crowd involved so it's kind of a
real variety she says it's like a
variety of like everything is fun yeah
yeah expect how my daily music yeah a
lot of videos to that I don't show you
don't let live honor because well undo
you still looks aren't you no no I undo
the Barbican yeah it's kind of hard we
show um
you know when you do go on these
troubles you family really wish you
don't just tell us a bit about your
family
yeah my family is like I look family's
always first in the world whatever with
you so whenever I travel if I go in a
narrow way the other day then we get a
whole dramatic sigh huh give me up like
I'm just go down inside oh go to Dubai
it's really far to them so they see it
as like he's going to like someone
really fun coming back yeah yeah I bet
it's a great homecoming when you got
four yes definitely I'm as well as the
show tomorrow night which is at deltek
as we mentioned what other things do you
want to be getting up to while you're
here on this trip um I definitely go
shopping I wanna go shopping my whole my
mom my sister like this is paradise yeah
oh yeah we're gonna create that whole
list so I'm gonna go shopping also like
just want to visit and do a tour CT
quick charge anything like 158 knows fun
does like ten seconds good look raw it
was an amazing amazing thank you guys so
much can we get a photograph yeah yeah
let's go guys we all just woke up a
really really long nap we had no sleep
right now it's around 7 p.m. and it's
pretty dark outside but we're gonna go
to a believe Butch Khalifa then after
that we're gonna go have dinner footage
a lot of which is gonna be amazing at
the seven star hotel where can you find
a seven star hotel
we're not dinner there and it should be
lit
there's no first time ever
be so don't let anybody tell you what
you gonna be Oh baby you can have
anything you want
I can't replace my baby I'll cry to be
the man
every day for the rest of my life I
can't replace it baby
I'll treat every bugger okay thank you
mother
please out we're buddies out of butt to
get at dinner ready 11 good I don't know
tell him can we take some photos
Christmas oh we have to eat at around 9
o'clock 8:30 right now they got my
photos here but we're gonna take some
pictures with the cars because you know
it won't happen in there maybe maybe one
day Nursing will have some Ferraris
Eston Lambo guys you just got into the
butcher out of it's my first time going
in here this is a seven star hotel but
have dinner here so to be honest I hate
going to fancy fancy spots but like this
is so fancy that we're not accepted like
I like it's really though and he'd shout
out to Dubai tourism for hooking it up
with the Lambo and this and they're
gonna hook it up a lot more so thank you
guys so much
this is gonna be an amazing amazing trip
look at this look at this
they got a freaking fish tank and they
got an aquarium I do
this is dope
well as we are in the elevator right now
we're going up nothing could stop me I'm
all no way up no way yeah I didn't want
I didn't know what floor gonna but this
is like three blinds here huh
nobody's way please just armed we are
here now at this restaurant the seven
saw us also it is crazy so slim came
with a shirt right this shirt right here
half or C shirt just average normal
shirt nothing wrong with it right guys
nothing yeah and then and then add adolo
see nozzle on sieve and what cops has so
then they literally gave slim they're
like this is dress code so they gave
some a blazer
they gave him blaze like hell would you
be in lecture so they gave him a
freaking was bigger and it's small tight
fitted on gear and they let him they let
him wear it like 10 seconds and when you
go and you could take it off but it's
literally so fancy I'm speaking so low
but Slim's being really embarrassing
right now like really really the racers
I meet myself I'm not gonna pretend to
be a whole high class person we're high
classes yeah but chill but thanks you
gotta act like Garrett class here price
to get consented day when I was a kid
bro
I'm never gonna forget that year I was
14 years old I skied 50 cents a game I
was the same way I just got 25 Saturday
but you know here you gotta like to see
quite at least drink try to be friends
let me see you try to be very house okay
- my mouse would eat that I'm done
I thought me with this gamble big word
nice to me slim there's not there's
people you've probably saved up to beat
it
how much does it cost to be a or
something how much a lot we're gonna do
me slim ever cos we're just used to go
in like anyway just like yeah and I've
you battle redundant so quietly I'm shy
to even fly here but this is a worker
this on this little hick we're gonna
have to put this on us like that we just
who did either doing enough to touch
nothing
so this is my first time ever trying
octopus never eat after this I feel like
I'm eating is Squidward right now so all
right
this my last octopus salad
it smells kind of sour
which is good
I like it but the only thing is just
thinking about me eating an octopus
makes me feel like scared like what the
hell did not do it so we have ravioli
here and this is Lily one ravioli this
is crazy I was fine trying good guys
what's up my battery's dying size for
that but I met the homies where I had da
one man doing how are you do it I just
let them here
one of them was coming by his brother he
is he's amazing for dropping by thank
you so much buddy I said mommy thank you
so much you in here so long so thank you
so much shot off to Junaid and yachts
guard what's up janae the other guy guys
do it do me hang we just got to the
hotel I was trying to get tea so I told
slim to boil water because my twitter
was hacked and I was supposed to boil
the water but I told him to boil water
because I was living buggin up he went
to go boil water and he caused a whole
kitchen fire like not even joking a huge
huge kitchen fire will show you guys
look like because the fires me this way
in it he tried to boil this water and
put it on the stuff you're not supposed
to put this kind of stuff now look at
this the whole thing was burning I had
to come and I took the 500 little you I
was I think know what I'll do it was
literally so so scary like we're having
such an amazing time then all of a
sudden I got my Twitter's hacked right
now and then the fire happened it's like
I don't know what the heck is going on
but whatever it is inshallah whatever
happens it's in a Lohan so Michele
everything goes well he wants something
to happen like like this happens because
it's always it's always a pup the time
when you have the time of your life
something just bad happens but ah man
but I'm gonna end up like here because
it's like 4:00 a.m. yeah I didn't know
what to say anymore but I'll see you
guys tomorrow tomorrow's a big day guys
thumbs up I'm literally like in a
horrible horrible mood right here but
and it's at the worst time too because a
lot of stuff is going through my head is
a really big big show tomorrow I'll see
you guys tomorrow do me Hank I love you
guys
then you got so much for love and
support hopefully I get my Twitter back
and hopefully this thing gets sorted out
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace I love you
