thank you to every single person who
helped out and helped Jason get it home
I promise you guys there's something so
amazing and may God give you guys
something so amazing right back thank
you guys so so much hey guys what's up
and do me Hank I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day it is 8 a.m. right now and I
have the most important meeting of my
life no not of my life but one of a
really really important meeting and this
meeting is held at the airport in New
York City JFK and it's for Global Entry
it's like an interview slash meeting and
it's to see they they're gonna accept me
to give me a Global Entry card and a
Global Entry card is something where you
can skip the liner and security skip the
lines their own customs skip the line
everything at the airport so since I
travel a lot I need one of those but to
get one of those you need to be
interviewed and have a meeting and get
accepted so and it's hard to get
accepted but hopefully you know I go I
kill it and it goes well but it's really
hard because they look back at you like
your background is in school and
everything and my background of school
is not not too good but Shella it does
not show up and I'll let you know how it
goes please pray for me guys for the I
know this is probably done right now but
still pray for me for the next five to
ten seconds I'll see you guys then guys
take care I just got done with the
interview meeting at JFK I'm at the
airport right now
and it did not go so well it did not go
well now it's telling girls ago I was
young there I'm 23 years old now you
know just doing me on YouTube whenever
like that it's like I don't care you
need to give me documents and court
dates and this I'm like this was like
six seven years ago girl why do you want
oh this thing is so long but it's
whatever I'm gonna we're gonna see what
goes on when the mean slim we have a
meeting when US another meeting that I
have
slums early I'm kind of late and he
doesn't know that I took his iPhone 7
while he was having a meeting his phone
was on the side imma show you guys him
right now
he's having a meeting right now the
lucious lucious he has even noticed that
his phone is gone because he's still
looking that way he hasn't like the
other way what keep saying we know what
this video is and I think there's a bug
hey what's up okay guys go easy
well these I'm 35 minutes I'm 35 meters
oh wow Hey Oh checking the phone I was
with the other phone I gotta piss oh
yeah I was on hey guys today has been
meeting after meeting after meeting my
first meeting you know what hard boy you
know having after JFK want to get the
ecology they ama they found out I got
arrested at the age of 16 17 years old
man I said of Sean
she started treating me like a criminal
Bo she started going crazy I'm my god
well that's work I'm not a cure I
promise I'm not you got arrested okay
okay you see yeah it's great Tim showed
up I'm just saying I never got arrested
so if you did it was like - you have a
court date coming up next yeah I did
had a court date but seriously this is
why I run away from like stuff like this
like the road test my drag Road says I
never went back cuz the lady bugs out on
me this JFK like Global Entry she bugged
out on me I don't think I'm ever go back
and to get my road test driving license
I don't think I'm ever gonna go back but
alhamdulillah right now this meeting we
just had was an amazing amazing meeting
I'm gonna be out beautycon tomorrow and
it's good if you crazy coming so Kelly
Rowland from Destiny's Child she's gonna
be I believe the host and like
interviewing me and a lot of other
YouTube creators there it's gonna be
crazy they're gonna ask me some doable
questions and I'm gonna be on stage and
like it's like the main beautycon thing
is so so at the small it's called
Westfield Wang it's in New York City
which I never knew about this area of
Newark cities near the
World Trade Center is the area where
Muslim rarely go cuz it's like literally
in the corner like in the corner of
Manhattan so we're here and it looks
though it's like a fake was film all the
real one is the one in London
Westfield more I found a sundial trying
to show you guys the song this is how it
show with my best friend and his phone
hanging out so what's up slim how's it
going yeah John yeah see literally how
do you day was a good uh was it good
uh uh I'm a punchy I was good wow they
do be gang I take back what I said while
summers cupcaking on it I take back what
I said this more is dope why am I not
like no one about this mall this mall is
sick I said it suck this Mo's dope you
know French Montana beer you know how
you got the word hey wow yeah that may
Brad cohan no way did you know that yes
or no you're not a true French Montana
and and I got an even better view this
is wow this is Westfield Mall so I'm
thinking about getting these pairs these
pair of kicks these are dope man look
look at these what are they called no
star huh low stay low stay low style
this is this is though I might get the
golden or silver which was about a gold
or silver this is gold this one is so I
don't know it was something about it so
much or anything else you get it so I'm
here at this French cafe I'm getting me
a vegetarian sandwich slim is that
subway and this is why slim is never
gonna stay slim and his project slim
will never succeed because he's in
subway eating fast food and I'm here in
French cafe eating you know a vegetarian
you got to be help you got to watch what
you eat every single day if you want to
stay fit so always watch what you guys
can you speak some French to me yeah je
t'aime beaucoup that's it
nopsi we're in France in from South okay
subtle friends
con con who ever knows where con is let
me know in the description no I mean in
the comment below
Holly know Paris and uh Chantal easy
vegetarian healthy food some what you
get so I got huh some subway boy lagging
at fucking I can't eat that please
it's a snacks my new room don't you
hungry you know then while having a
party so say so I haven't anything all
day so healthy now good good muggins
we're totally suffering grow whenever
I'm an arcade I get competitive there's
this boxing thing right here let's high
school the high score is nine hundred
in 92 that's impossible for me like mama
dolly probably came in here and punched
it way back but I need a I need a try
hey wait a minute
oh man
more men over me
Oh Oh what the heck
hi guys I'm not doing so all today but
hopefully I could try to like not all
these people that I'm imagine that these
are haters and I'm an octa haters down
hey hey hey
my lid
ah Oh
yeah yeah in the summer are you coming
back maybe in the winter we keep coming
back they're still up there so they
start off you're laughing I should we go
they said they're laughing
so we had 94 now I got 95 thank you
happy
Luzi right this zoom it I just don't
want props
and it's all probably so I'm a bitch way
cuz I'm superior watch imma get a whole
jar now so record I'm gonna hug it over
a hundred you guys have to give it a
thumbs up okay
you must give it a thumbs up
let's go
bring it bring it bring it
ah you guys gotta give it a thumbs up
I've got
what is it demon
hundred sixteen you have to get his like
a thumbs up if you don't you're gonna
get bad luck I don't like games in the
boss
Oh
what's up a duma gang I am home right
now and I just want to say thank you
guys to every single one you guys who
helped out so much to everyone who
donated help is helping Jason to anyone
who thumbs up the video for Jason to
anyone who subscribed to Jason he has
over 40,000 subscribers in a matter of
like how many arrows what times raining
in a matter of like 12 hours which is
that is crazy that is amazing amazing
support having speaking to Jason right
now he is so so happy I'm gonna see him
again in a couple days and to anyone who
still donates right now I still wanna
you know I also want to reach the goal
of 5,000 I'm gonna put you guys in the
vlog it can it can be anything even a
dollar to anyone who's earning five
dollars ten dollars those are what me
the most if everyone puts it together we
can help him I promise we can help him
you know get Wi-Fi have a place to sleep
and at least even if it's not for like
for like long at least for like a month
or two whatever whatever he can guys so
hopefully you guys can help up and find
it in hearts thank you guys so so much
this seriously made like this made this
made my life this is something I've
always always wanted to do in my life
because ever since I was younger my mom
and dad told me to always help other
people because it'll come back to you
like whenever you need help they'll come
back and help you and to any new
subscribers watching and asking if Rima
Mawson and my nieces and nephews are my
kids they're not my kids they're
actually my nieces and nephew matter of
fact let me end this vlog by giving one
truth about each of my family member one
truth about each of my family member
i'ma give the other one even my mom with
that or i'mma tell you guys all about
the Adams family me start off with moss
and Marcin is my youngest youngest
nephew and one truth about him is that
he loves loves to fight so anytime I
pull out the camera he loves to fight
okay
Rema one truth about Rhema is that she
is she's a princess
she's always so so sweet and if you ever
meet her she's the sweetest person ever
she loves helping people just like me I
feel like Brianna's personality is
exactly like mine but she's more like
sassy she's more like
wrong what's good what's going on say
have I have enough University is four
years old and the truth about him is
that he is he's the baddest the cutest
he that he's a bad boy that that's the
truth but he's a bad boy he's a little
bad boy he's really cute and jamak jamak
is sensitive that's one truth right he's
really really sensitive he's the most
sensitive person ever Deena Deena is
just ratchet that's one truth but she's
the ratchet the most ratchet girl ever
but she's turning she'd become a sweet
now but she's ratchet how's that Hamza
is just how was it just cringy he's just
like he's DJ Khaled son that's what
truth about Hayley Hayley is Hylas house
man Hayley is just down-to-earth and
she's just like how does his chill she's
like a chill mode you know she's chill
you know they my mom my mom is crazy
that's what truth about but she's good
kind of crazy my dad my dad is my dad
just I do you know what they say my dad
is wild crazy amazing and he's funny my
dad is super super funny
my older brother Abe he's generous he's
very very generous he helps me a lot my
little brother he is my little brother
he's shot he's just camera shot my
nephew Yusef my oldest nephews if he is
he's just tall I hate that he's tall but
I love you at all i'ma fight you because
you're tall
but yeah that's that's pretty much it by
man the vlog here hope you guys enjoyed
it tomorrow's gonna be an amazing
amazing day beautycon make sure you guys
give vodka thumbs up and go turkey keep
up the support thank you guys so so much
it seriously means the world guys thank
you guys so so much I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace I'll owe
you I can't replace them but baby I
pride it be the menu
hey for the rest of my life too deep
