hey guys what's up and do me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing it you all should be having
an amazing happy day it is getting a
little chilly out here in New York City
but it's not going to stop me from
vlogging and it's not gonna stop you
from chillin so right now I'm heading to
go see the homie Jason I've logged with
him yesterday if you guys didn't watch
the vlog the link is down below
so basically Jason is homeless and he
has a phone so meaning of text and by
the way I've seen a lot you guys saying
um how can he be homeless and have a
phone anyone can be homeless let me tell
you guys something like this you don't
have to you know you don't have to have
nothing to be homeless any even a rich
guy can be homeless in like a heartbeat
I can be homeless you watching this can
be homeless to just know anyone can be a
homeless mouse talking to yesterday and
what happens you know from deep combos
about some stuff and he was telling me
that one of his dreams is becoming a
youtuber so today I'm gonna make his
dream come true and I'm so excited for
it so I will take you guys on its
journey with me and let's see how it
goes I'll see you soon Jason
there's something I got to do again
alright guys I am here with Jason we're
waiting for slim this is his first time
waiting for some and he hasn't met slim
so get used to waiting for slim because
waiting for him is the worst before we
you know get the video started I wanna
you know I want him to know and you guys
to get to know each other more and like
what I'm doing right now but yeah so
Jason how would you join he's 29 years
old and is it okay if you can share you
start with them and how he became
homeless and why he became homeless and
everything so here it goes I lost my job
to mental illness that I have I've had
since I was very young
Oh a paranoid schizophrenic disorder
with the
I feel like that I could talk on the
camera
that I cannot nice nicer I figure my
inspirations nice so how do you when you
became homeless
do 18 annual now you've been living in
New York they got any shelter homes or
any any are sleep outside yeah
I sleep on a park bench yeah oh my god
soup kitchens in me sometimes people
give me money to you yeah and how do you
like people have oh they always ask some
people asked like how do you watch the
vlogs but my vlogs like any videos
unusual library at the library so you go
to the library to watch them and since
you said you wanted to become a youtuber
and that's like your dream yeah today
Jason you gonna officially become a
youtuber so I hope you're excited
okay I'm excited and I I'm excited we
gonna see how it goes and we're gonna
tell you guys and a little more surprise
at the NCI we go so we can get Jason to
be you know I want you to be the biggest
youtuber ever I want you to be you know
bigger than me I want you to be the best
youtuber ever so what do you have
planned to doing I need to play what
kind of videos do you want to do talk
and work to other homes talk a lot as
good as good with the other home yeah do
should prank them enjoy rights the
approach yeah doing surprises nice nice
choose a large variety of stuff like
that in the community nice that's it I'm
excited for it's gonna so we're gonna
see how it goes and I'll give you some
tips on editing and uploading but
everyone out there watching is gonna
help out - they're gonna help you out
because you know no they gotta bring you
back up and everything you know make it
make it though you ready it's getting
colder yeah let's go look for it I'm
talking about iPhone slim as Jason Jason
a slim
he's the new man in the crew is gonna
coming youtuber today yeah he wants to
become youtuber so today he's gonna
become a youtuber so we're gonna take
him on the slide with venture we're
gonna see how it goes alright we just
got a taxi we're heading to Best Buy
right now go see how it goes
we'll choose you a camera and we gonna
do all right he's already talking about
a channel name to give him it me summer
saying what the Jason show you said the
Jason shelter sure why do you want to
call it the Jason show why don't you
call it the Jason something cause this
is real life
the way the
right now yeah as a homeless man yes the
way you're gonna see it
nice nice sounds good yeah yeah we're
doing real life real life right now he's
doing real life the Jason show he's
gonna be big you know saying you won't
have a golden play but ready for my
playbook
it's crazy how he knows a lot about
YouTube this is the only reason I'm
doing I wouldn't do if you didn't know
nothing about YouTube so the man right
here knows a lot about YouTube and he's
passionate about YouTube so you know you
gotta get a give it to him you gotta
give it to the man we're headed to my
spot
what do you think about this camera ok
g7x can he hold it let me see how you
gonna vlog if you do it alright how you
gonna start it logs go hello YouTube
friends
hey this is real life Hey on the Jason
show on the Jay
he got it let me see it guys this is
this is a state hello YouTube were huh
it's our friends hello YouTube friends
this is real life at the Jason show I
like that that's a guy so we're gonna
get you we get you this camera and the
memory card as we heard the best worker
and there's no more g7x what about other
best buys same result no g7x know that
alright what if we choose it was another
good camera it's like vlogging I got so
I think we came to a decision since
they're gonna have the Kennedy 7x you
also got a good good camera this one
it's a Sony one I see use one of these
maybe like a couple months but maybe
last year I see these were one of my
favorite cameras that I started with the
easiest one know why is good because you
can zoom in with this and zoom out and a
focus is fast so we're gonna get him
this one I can feel it hold on hold on
to it lag with it let's see you love
with her Facebook friends this is
situation show in real life today we're
going to Mister Rogers neighborhood yeah
hey hey hey hey alright guys now we're
looking for a laptop and the best laptop
is Apple so we won't get an Apple app
though have you ever had an Apple laptop
for them no never
we're gonna say I'm sorry son
no same song no you don't have some
stands a little but apples better show
us how you can edit your videos right
here you ready on the star go to a movie
star mommy's getting all your I'm so
happy he's becoming a youtuber oh that's
toe oh yeah that's really dope save me a
channel
Jason's world changing we called Jason's
world raising some
my god so we came to a decision to not
call his channel Jason show me the call
Jason's world treasures world
Jason's world so how you gonna do it hey
Allah Allah Allah Allah
Jason whoa I think that's gonna be dope
so all right guys we got on the MacBook
Air a couple cameras and we also got him
a tripod you know how to use a set you
hold this over hold this one we're gonna
open up the camera get it ready so you
can get used to it and open it first
you beat me with your first-ever
blocking camera you're officially a
youtuber the way Jay said yeah sure
and each other either hold it have fun
with it
hello like this put a little further out
yeah any talk live from New York Jason
okay Jason so to be you to burn on
saying you got a shop at the dopest dope
spot called Urban Outfitters so I'm
going to take you to Urban Outfitters
and buy you a fresh outfit cuz you gotta
be looking fresh when you want to be
youtuber so we're ready all right
I'm a ready to do it let's do this let's
do it
you want to get a cap this air cup okay
cops venom I gotta be on the Calvin
Klein shirt Calvin Klein hat this dope
jacket mr. pants ready he'll be a brand
new me mr. brand brand new brand new
date today
all right guys we got them whole outfit
some sneakers oh he's here already
favorite we're gonna do it just how you
feeling I'm feeling groovy you can like
a new man I feel like a proud new man
hey say what well it's gonna be a total
296 all right guys we finally got the
whole outfit he's gonna put it on right
now
we're gonna see how lucky excited yeah
I'm excited to listen you go ready all
right let's do it
you see you with my side yeah
nothing never comes to me
in a stage
but you gotta keep on going
you can flash it at me bro
Oh like an old school any rebel yet he
won't get on the yellow
that's all about
there you have it he's officially a
youtuber now you guys wanna go subscribe
give it a thumbs up in the middle of New
York City right now I'm feeling good - I
feel very emotional right now
Longman sees I appreciate about you you
inspire me I never had a very carefully
watch of this kind I appreciate it man
that means a lot man
and if you guys what you guys can donate
to the homie Jason's page I'm gonna
start up a donation page 100 said the
money goes to him the link will be down
below so I help them get a camera out
them get a laptop some new clothes but
you guys need to help him you know get
some you know get a place you know to so
you can get Wi-Fi and upload it and not
go to the library
he needs help to get a place and
everything remember Turkish girls
right
anytime bro girl let me tell love you
soon man
get a man you feed boat you're the
number one man get a man I mean
seriously bro always keep smiling you
get units find the world
