hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing day an amazing day I'm
starting off the day by eating some up
seed before I hit the gym my dad is a
seed with a spoon you're not a real
yummy really Yemenis a seed with their
hands
my dad intuitive smokers it's so hot in
here
yeah Mawson Marcin is here Marcin is
here hamdullah he's feeling much much
better give me kiss damn I missed you so
much
you okay hey feeling better I thought I
was gonna take her leash I know Victor
why my dad said it was sick take him to
the hospital he was sick yeah how's he
feeling better
no no no 100% better mm-hmm you do have
five right he always about that always
takes care of mustn't so much I guess
he's literally his superhero mashallah
so you make us jealousy's all right I'm
gonna do what mom just hit me right now
i'ma try to eat I see you got a spoon
before I go to the gym like this Ready
Set Yemeni food is banging yeah mini
food is being this how many our mothers
eat they sit down lay down like this
they go you know what you think boy
outmaneuver Rock take your toll no no
don't worry Reed and masovia who react
huh who did was over here my dad said he
met a fair yesterday and he was look at
me who sold mark I think we had a
picture with me yeah oh so he met a fan
he had a picture of me what's his name I
don't know yet I always remember your
guy's name sir huh
mom's going crazy on me right now cuz
she won't see you I'll seed and I'm here
blogging sir she won't see I'll see you
right now and I'm here like distracting
her for I mom you eat I love you I'll
see you guys at the gym good bye
just got to the gym and I got this whole
place to myself
once again and I'm getting back on a
punching bag i'ma teach you guys defense
today mostly about defense the main
thing about defense is moving your head
just always move when every throw punch
move whenever you throw see some were
thrown punch move always move so
whenever you move it's a you have more
chance of not getting hit so move your
head a lot I know it's a little just a
little baby workout Adam but today I'm
focused on me working out and not
vlogging like too much I'm gonna focus
on me working out the most because you
know trying to get even more in shape
right now so remember good defense move
your head a lot whenever you move your
head always throw punches so you can you
know get you know get some hits in there
you know get some hits move
this punching bag is much heavier than
the one in city
there's no boxing gloves I do not know
where they are it's dangerous do with
bare hands because you can start
bleeding swollen not move but it's all
good we're doing
kadoomerang I'm heading to the t-mobile
store I have to buy three i phone seven
three iphone 7 yup one for me one for
nods I want for my dad my dad wants one
because my dad is like on the latest
trends I want one because I'm on the
latest trend not sneeze one because he
needs international like contract
something like that so I'm have to get
him once I'm getting 3 I 4 sevens today
so hopefully it turns out great imma
bring you guys I don't know
didya added our guy give her success yet
I do our big failure ah nice to meet you
man I sure thank you so much I
appreciate it i rush to move in with you
- oh man I don't know
I see meet you what you live a lie
though wasn't it a big pair my name is
changed
Jason on my Jason and you Robert Robert
Jason a robber out here in New York City
I'm about to go on yeah my iphone action
right now to hear about to get the new
one iPhone 7 oh yeah yeah I do man do it
for girl why don't you give me one give
me $25 twenty four before of these four
are selfie sick selfie six yet ever
heard angry grandpa and your grandpa
yard and I watch them also did shut up -
hey girl get behind what you guys doing
I just chilling just you making out nice
man I've got the brand-new something oh
no sorry yeah sorry to hear that yeah go
on
I'm sorry that I'm is he all the time
makes all these second
that is cool
oh this is clean get out take it out
take a look that I would get this but
I'm so bad with like selfie sticks I'll
give you guys something right all right
I'll give you guys a surprise when I
call right I'm gonna come back over
there girl
thank you so much I appreciate a thumb
picnic Pam that's sick that's really
sick I had one for my camera but like
I'm telling you I'm really bad when I
know but I lose it I break it are we
gonna plug this into your phone yeah
then you click on it and then you push
the button down here to take the picture
that's sick that's a crime beheader my
I'm exactly thinking yeah it's gonna be
uploaded tomorrow nice that's cool man
it's good to see someone you know
watching my blogs you know what I'm
saying all year I mean Jason oh is it
Robert Jason and Rob I'll be back in
like two minutes all right to be here
Yeah right I'll be back in two minutes
all right - man look at that squirrel
man leave the squirrel
this girl's on a bike all right guys I
just got $200 to the bank and I'm doing
this to inspire you guys for you guys to
go out there and do something good so
I'm gonna go out there surprise Jason
and Robert because I feel like I've
known him for so long even though I've
been talking it for a couple minutes
let's go see you guys I am back with
Jason and Rob and I want to give you
guys since you made me smile so so much
and you know you truly made my day
I want to make you smile right back and
give you this right here
I'll get this whew man all right so you
guys making me smile so I appreciate you
guys so someone I'd like to thank this
guy for a very tells for people thank
you so much I appreciate I hope
something I hear my own channel be just
like well I appreciate a bit thank you
so if you want bro I'll get your number
we get like a camera and you can you
know do it some like I give you my
number having a better yeah I'd like to
me don't matter at all - he wants to me
angry grandpa so that I mean I have no
contact with angry grandpa but I'll try
to get in contact with angry grandpa and
I'll have your number and hopefully if
anger grabbers around you'll come and
see you right yeah whatever by watch
this channel thank you so much as
praying applause oh man I appreciate it
thank you so much I appreciate you vote
said thank you guys so much thank you
very much Clara I don't I don't know
come on give it to you girls I know you
got a girl come on man you got somebody
ginger I'm bad with this you know the
thing is I lose these men but give them
to you girl in I don't have a girl I
didn't get you to help you get one I
said I hope you get a girl with all your
cares you saw like it hey my little
nieces never die oh you're kidding right
hey guys they see these was a big about
David and I'm waiting for slip so screw
you I made some new friends he's gonna
give me a thumb right now don't forget
my bear I won't forget you I promise
unhitch a part on YouTube I promise I'll
text you as always checks back you know
don't reply and be like who this who
this I appreciate it we'll go keep
smiling
camera thank you so much never keep
smiling stay happy don't let anyone
bring you down
and you got this you know manner by the
Hyuga thank you thank you i'ma get this
I'll give it to our future girl there
you go
I'm telling you have that go get your
girl that's gonna get me good selfie
stick so we're going good but thank you
so much I appreciate it
you saver have an amazing name right
there those who's a soul so nice
seriously my mother it feels just good
do something around here because a lot
of people out in New York especially
Newark City they suffer a lot like this
like this really like it humbles you as
a person but it's good to like you know
go out there and do something even
something small do something good even
if it's doesn't have to be a hundred
dollars it can be does it have to be
money it can be food anything like that
so spread good vibes positive energy
around and I promise it'll come back
straight to I gotta just let up with
slim and win salad right here absolutely
good eyes phone well then everything's
ready legs was it I suppose the good eye
for seven today but they're taking so
long and I don't want it you know I
don't want you talking about this I
don't want you see how the brain I don't
wanna bring you know bring them through
that hole on this I got there was a
Louie I have today Willie just touch it
I do fine
I'm gonna get time for 7:00 tomorrow I
promise I just don't want they know the
day to be a wizard school hello
so no my guys this is day two of eating
healthy and drinking healthy
I got me something called green power
and about to get me another not even
know some food but it's super super
healthy slim is suffering by eating
these healthy sorry I'll just text him
on my new iphone tell me no I'm not
going to talk to you but yeah we're
gonna get we're gonna be healthy for
having in a pizza or cheeseburger
anything like that for a while and I'm
craving it so bad but we need help you
know saying we hope yeah I'm eating fish
bone fish that's I'm saying even fish oh
this is so hard but I swear to god let
me see all these types of food you guys
super good this is good oh my god this
is amazing
I can't drink this Petula
see the meeting here it's not real me
it's like beans and like protein no meat
in there this dude is crazy he's walking
in the dog oh he's walking in a dog
pound what this dude's greenies blogging
no we just met up my nephews of you say
what's up yeah what's up
good I have a seat up for so long and
we're about to head to this place called
- is like a I don't know spot we're
gonna take you guys with us and see how
it goes alright guys so we basically
went in this place it's -5 degrees
inside it didn't allow us like vlogging
inside but it's like literally all ice
all ice and is freezing cold and I went
straight back up because I'm not looking
forward to that one we literally paid to
go in for like five minutes on leave I
think older anyway yeah I'm cold my nose
is like bunny is freezing freezes in it
so that place sucked big time but at
least I got this dope Naz hat right I
mean penguin hat like so sick hey oh
this is so cute I can't give you like
this one day iPhone 5c I do not know why
I have iPhone 6 iPhone 6s iphone 7 final
ease let me touch it you like sir oh
yeah I'm a busy school okay hello oh
yeah I'm for my new iPhone 7 what's up I
just met up with the homie Hamza aka DJ
Khaled I knew him well now did you call
it aired real good he's doing good he
just woke up I surprised him in his
house and he gave me some clothes
because he said he bought these clothes
and they do not fit him absolute like I
fit you these repayments
yes inna this is my size not even Joe
this is my stuff so these clothes fit me
but it ain't nothing that this is busy
well I said I should give it to you how
does it leave it as I put it on right
now
yeah yeah Hamza knows that he always
wears my shirt I got his shirt I showed
my son it well sissy I gave you boxing
gloves in Africa for reason but like
this what's wrong oh you just vote
you guys haven't seen her for a while
mihaela
is here she's still alive she's doing
good in school right now you know she's
a nerd and schooling I guess are there
so I finally dab on it is
haha now I had this actually smart
school she's always like students am
always water doesn't okay so whenever I
come to have his house there's always
baby pictures of me so I'm gonna show
you guys some baby pics of me and i'ma
start off first by this one there's a
big picture of me right here this is me
before I was even one years old I know I
don't know why I was wearing a jacket
but my mom used to put me in a Jackie
even if it was 100 degrees so yeah oh
this is Hamza this is Hamza before he
ate McDonald's house though that's what
I got it this is Hilah right here she
looks like Deena but halo-halo sweet oh
shit actually yeah I know sweet which is
Anja Deena was mean it seriously so much
baby pictures of me there's a lot of
baby videos I have a lot more I found a
lot more baby videos of me so if you
guys want to see some baby videos on me
give this video a thumbs up and it's
like tune on it and stay tuned is so
cringy out of you guys gonna create
Jonah okay do me yeah it's time to wrap
up this vlog I hope you all enjoyed this
life did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey
thank you guys so much for element
support I just filmed and and a channel
of fashion I was gonna say arrow fashion
but I'm going to Dubai for a fashion
week and also I'll be in beautycon
October 1st New York City by film a
fashion Channel video the link is down
below I told you guys what's in my
luggage like what do I pack in my
luggage so if you guys want to see
subscribe to that channel thumbs up to
it go to the link down below and you
guys will see it and everything that I
talked about and speak about inside here
so if you guys want to see what's inside
here go to the link down below other
than that thank you guys so much for
love and support I'll see you guys
tomorrow
I think tomorrow is a day where I'm
taking a chance either tomorrow or after
tomorrow I'll keep you guys updated with
that so thank you guys take care peace
let
so baby I know your father will be proud
of where you're gonna be
so don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna be Oh baby you can have anything
you want from me
