so I'll say give me iphone 7 design for
7 hi guys what's up adieu me yank I hope
you're having an amazing it because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing energised day because today I
don't know why I feel so energized and
ready to go so I'm gonna hit the gym
today I haven't hit the gym for a while
all I've been doing is like push-ups
sit-ups and anywhere I can try to do
like pull-ups at home or wherever I'm
traveling to but today I'm gonna hit the
gym I'm back to going to the gym and you
guys only when I go to the gym I do not
do like crazy you know lifting workouts
to get big
I do workouts I want to get like I love
getting just like cut up and just fit
just simple cut up fit and like good
fatigue and stamina that's how I always
been and I always do that by doing some
boxing because boxing is the most fun
workout and it's literally the best
workout ever so I'm going to take you
guys I want me to the gym and I'll do
some boxing maybe I'll teach you guys
something again about boxing so I'll see
you guys in the next shop I just got to
the gym I got this whole thing to myself
right here
I got me speed bags punching bags today
I'm gonna teach you guys how to use a
speed bag
it may look easy but it takes you know
it takes some time to do some teach you
guys a couple easy steps to do it first
of all I need to go lower because it
needs to be like your exact height like
your face me see but this this should be
good I'm short so I'm average height my
doctor said I'm advertising it but this
is what you do okay so it's all about
timing in this and then you go faster so
this what you do first you let hit 1 2 3
and then hit 1 2 3 1 2 3 I'm gonna show
you guys in slow motion
1 2 3 and then hit 1 2 3 and then hit
and then you just got to keep going you
know get along with it 1 2 3
like that toxicity one two three one two
three one two three one two three one
two three and then when you get the hang
of it you just go crazy fast on your
side then you do the same thing with the
other hand so you can even it out and
your speed will be much much crazier and
it gets fun this one is really really
fun so yeah that's that's the little
little workout with Adam today
alright guys I finally got the boxing
thing up takes me up but that's have
some fun is how I warm up every time I
hit the gym just little you know punch
the bags a little bit you know sir let
me give you guys a fun fact before
YouTube I wanted to be a professional
boxer before YouTube I wanted to be a
professional boxer it was seriously my
passion but then I got my boxing license
taken away and no more boxing license no
more boxing for me
I just got done with my workout and I'm
feeling so so good and I'm ready to
start my day I do me gang I have great
news and I have horrible news I do not
know which one to start with you guys
battle start with the great news the
great news is I have Rima with me here
guys please welcome Rima saleh ah
you got a heavy Reema how are you good
you doing good you want to tell them the
bad news
mm-hmm you want to tell them the bad
news tell the most bad news um my friend
with bothering me that's not the bad
news I'm gonna tell you guys the bad
news the bad news is that Mawson had to
get rushed to the hospital because he is
feeling really really sick and having a
really bad begin dimittis send me give
him anything
who gave him medicine you know my
medicine fake dope so bad tastes so bad
yeah anyways Jurgis Allah what Allah he
thought of some means he threw up a lot
anyways what I was saying is that while
I was working out Marcin got rushed to
the hospital because he had a bad fever
and he was thrown up so inshallah
everything goes well I was looking
forward to vlogging him but he's not
feeling well and he's at the hospital
right now I'm gonna wait so he comes
back and see how he is inshallah he
feels better and I want every single one
of you guys to make Darfur Muhsin
because I did not see him this sick like
I've never seen him that sick he was out
with you and me and Rima we're gonna be
chillin and taking over okay Remo was
telling me about how she wants to do a
prank on on who who you want to prank
I'm get that yeah on who why she wants
to do a prank on my little brother
the only prank I can think of that Rima
can do and my little brother is it is
the one with the finger when she cut off
a finger something Adam gonna help me
I'm gonna help her out and help her do I
wanna give you huge congratulations to
my little brother Yousef aks nickname is
mace he does not he now does hot buzz at
messages in his school every single
Friday which is crazy I believe that
that's like his dream he's doing hot
buzz every Friday so I have to go to one
of his hut was a next maybe next Friday
or this Friday and see how it goes as
much as he hates being filmed not
probably
I'm gonna go some party's gonna go and
see how it is cuz my little brother and
that's crazy he does hook buzz man see
he's a mother brothers inspiration I
seriously look up to my little brother
thank you so much for being an
inspiration as much as you don't want to
be in vlogs and like that I respect that
but rhemas gonna prank you let me go see
if we can do something okay I showed you
guys how to do this prank a couple
months ago and today we're doing it
again and we're doing it even crazier
but I just need to know how am I gonna
catch my little brother's reaction if I
can't catch a reaction I'm gonna to let
you guys know how he reacted so got this
hold this
yeah catch up we got paper and kids do
not try this at home we got a knife so
give me the paper take this first cut
make a little hole the size of Remes
finger oh hi my name is Rima and I'm Pam
pigs um
I'm going in pink we not supposed to say
you're doing a prank damn ball rainbow
not supposed to say you're doing a prank
okay go knocking your nook nook nook
Maggie's gonna know nook don't say
you're doing it oh my gosh
go what Reba will never put a prick
that's it game low that's it that's it
that's it
I tried twice and she said I'm gonna do
never mind that's it the prank the Reg
is ruined the prank is ruined but Rima
there's no point I'm trying anymore
oh my god he's not gonna open another
here to crank Reema you're the worst
pranks are ever he says don't kick me
you the worst prankster how can you not
guys I'm ashamed of you right now give
me give me that give it yeah this thing
is going garbage now or none of us and I
went through a ream of garbage with it
how you gonna say how you gonna see you
know you don't put up put put on you
yeah yeah how you gonna say you're doing
a poem it's okay she's five years old
but Mawson did come back and he's
actually sleeping right now I'm gonna go
check up on him while he's asleep
because I feel so bad for honey
cat-boy miss you and I love you hope you
feel better be
dumi gang I'm outside breathing the
fresh of New York City look how crazy of
a big deal this is in your city I was
filming with their device nothing nobody
even cares about it everyone over here
is like what kind of car is never
getting with cars New York Circle nice a
sick way from your boys from NYC night I
was riding one of those at the door her
I can I was riding one white one in the
bike
nice and I know what takes a picture but
New York City everyone is like taking
pics yeah that's crazy how's it going
what's up what's up let's it's a car
with sick horn let's take your jacket
from I got up one day I'm gonna be
riding a Lambo or Ferrari in the streets
of New York City even if it's rented
screw it we're gonna do it I'm looking
for slim right now this slim is looking
for me we can't find each other but I
don't know I'm looking for the nearest
game store anywhere I like around the
game store he's there so you know his
game stop came up no sorry
you know with my friend slim oh you
haven't seen slim tall guy looks like a
giraffe looks like big bird long so long
neck lonely matrix you have it together
no long neck how you ever seen them
already
that's right thank you so much slim is
either in game stop or in McDonald's one
of them's out to eating a playing game
call in him right now
where are you
hey Joseph McDonald's is right here and
then Starbucks then after that it's
Gamestop
I'm gonna go embarrass him right now so
he's not in here he loves excuse me
excuse me
dude is he a tall kid I've told kid I'll
take a dress long neck huh he was just
here he's just here talking he had a
long neck big ears was he here I mean I
don't know no one knows you're such an
idiot
then this is the craziest thing ever so
I told him I beat him and games up but
he thought I said go meet me at
McDonald's one down there so he went
down there and I went to gamestop and
now I called him and he's in McDonald's
and I'm gonna get I'm gonna go meet him
right now just do it it's literally so
and the biggest idiot award goes to
celeb
and
ah you're such an idiot wrong Susie such
a idiot bro you were in a beanie in
90-degree weather but it's not like
they're getting first of all it's 60
second of all you're such a idiot bro
I'm not doing another 50 episodes long
saga go away to Java 7 answer no but I
don't your honor me I for something pops
up say oh I'll take give me iPhone 7
give me I got she was alone
give me i po 700 ready I don't touch
yourself he's cool now he got the iPhone
he's cool his hands he got the iPhone 7
dinner's i-470 that's for seven yeah
oh yes we captured it halogen what I
just see we are this was it is it's hype
yaaas oh I knew it someone's in gangs up
and you got the game called attack of
titans which is now gonna be it's not
gonna be garbage but no goo that should
come on man look at my games I'll play
that shit man I'm crazy
I do me gank I am back home and if you
guys do not know my vlog channel past my
main channel in subscribers which is
crazy I never I never thought like my
black channel would pass my main channel
but I upload every single day here so I
mean I should have expected I'm still
gonna be uploading every single day here
but I'm still gonna be uploading on my
main channel as usual as if it's still
my main channel but my blog channel has
taken over and it is I guess the new
main channel and it's all for you guys
thank you guys so much for subscribing
and thumbs it up and commenting it truly
means the world you guys are seriously
so so amazing I cannot thank you guys
enough Australia I will be performing in
Australia December tickets go out
October 2nd October 2nd so I want you
guys to anyone from Australia comment
below and Australian slang because I
want to like you know I want to speak to
I want to speak to some stranger's an
Australian slang here in New York City
to do something you know something cute
for Australia other than that yeah leave
a comment below for Australian slang and
I'll see you guys tomorrow do me I'm
doing a little surprise I don't know
guys I all of a say is I might take a
chance because I'm going to beautycon
October 1st and it's our Fashion Week so
you know I gotta look not in my fashion
you know my fashion my fashion bets all
might
I might take a chance I don't know I'm
still thinking so let me know the
comments well if I do take a chance fit
it here inside what color of a chance
should I take I'll see you guys tomorrow
do me a take care and pitch like wannabe
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you're gonna be Oh
baby you can have anything you want
I can't replace them a baby upright
