hey guys what's up and do me hang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day so first thing I want
to say is happy happy birthday to my mom
today is her birthday happy birthday mom
if you're watching this I love you so so
much and thank you so much for bringing
me here I love you so much mom you're
the most amazing and the most supportive
mom ever and thank you so much for
always having my back I love you so so
much mom so as you guys can see I am
back home I did not get to vlog today
because I had a 14-hour flight from
Dubai so my whole day was wasted so I
was like you know what let's do a fun
video so a couple weeks ago I did a
video called watching my family's music
leaves which was mainly watching my
nephew Hamza who was one of my funniest
nephews watching his musical ease
because he makes the cringy as' the most
weirdest musical ease and like videos
ever so I just found out today that he
does pranks on his Instagram he does
like this little pranks on his Instagram
and I'm already thinking to my head like
his pranks are not pranks I know my
nephew hams that so damn well and his
types of pranks are like dangerous
stupid pranks I just know you more than
you know yourself I know you very very
well but today I'm gonna watch his
pranks that he has on his Instagram okay
so I'm on his Instagram he has 46 point
1,000 followers that's a lot for a 12
year old a 12 year old to have 46 put
1,000 followers is yeah that's pretty
much that his bio is Adam saw his nephew
they call me French Montana
but that bio was when he was you know
he's kind of skinny they called in
French Montana I think just changing out
so they called me dj khaled cuz he put
on a few pounds so how does that change
your bio I'm gonna go all the way to the
bottom of his Instagram and see see from
where his pranks that he does starts so
the beginning of his Instagram has a
couple pictures and Hamza has the
funniest pictures ever like would his
captions in his pictures are hilarious
would
dude was like a mini Arabs storms email
with happy birthday Hilah even though we
don't get along sometimes I still love
you he was definitely like Tyler
definitely had a gun on his head while
he was writing that caption and this
picture this um I'm I'm just trying to
say anything about this big I'm just I'm
designed me to say anything about
Specter let me just go straight to the
videos before I end up roasting him by
his pictures okay I believe this was his
first prank on Instagram on his on his
Instagram so let's watch I haven't
watched this for a while so I forgot
what happens but I know it's something
really stupid and weird Hamza I'm sorry
I'm watching now let's do this ready hit
what hums what what if it was that that
was such a bit
he literally tried to scare his sister
with a Chucky mask and she was just like
I'm not scared and he just left and his
caption is well she didn't get scared
but I'll get her tomorrow I am so done
and the funny thing is that Chucky mask
is my Chucky mask I feel like everything
that I own happens it takes it and like
he's the second person to own whatever I
own let's watch it again or massage want
to see the games
what a break-in bill well let's go to
the second one second one is Hilah
believe Haley she want to go prank Hamza
and I'll add is just cute is she smart
and Hein is just you know she's smart
house is like I feel like I'm this is
the crazy the crazy one
so let's watch Haley's prank that she
did on Hamza hey guys time to sleep
I am stolen and was laughing with
Hershey chocolate oh man so second say
like smacking hey girl what kinda
slender and where is it freaking weather
best part was us us part one times it
was part two bro guys I do not know
where's part two but there's a video
there so let's see that video message
with one eye open
yeah but you just said into one were you
doing again same s one open
okay realize what on earth did you just
say I feel like I'm hearing slur my nose
mumbling Wow
what on earth did you say guys if you
guys can comment below what happens that
just said I swear if I ever see you owe
you $20 like what what on earth did you
just say this is what I heard I let it
begin get it Abbi I get up at the tip
one not open yeah
it just said into one we go on again say
medicine before one arrow I think we got
it
every little goose at a while with it go
sleeping one night open that is
seriously what I heard but I think Hamza
deleted part two of the prank that Hilah
did because highly smack the crap out of
him and he end up deleting the leading
part too and making that video because I
know happens that more that Hamza knows
himself so I know one one thousand
percent sure he did that he deleted part
two because he got smack him and made
that video saying and the Mozilla I'm
never that producer but when I open okay
let's continue on all right so there's a
prank that I did I was helping highly
because Hamza his pranks he he goes all
out and calls and pranks and like but
I'd ended up doing a prank on Hamza and
helping Hina so let s see cuz you know
I'm I'm on predicable and I'm the prank
master so let's see what I did for Hamza
how highly Gahan's him back so let's do
dis so happens that is a really really
heavy sleeper so he always messes in
with Hilah in her sleep so outside you
know what let's mess with Hamza in his
sleep and he's a really really heavy
sleeper so I decided put a chair on top
of my sleeping and blast some music he
ended up getting up waking up and he hit
his head on the chair which was really
really funny hit it soft when did really
hit hard but was really really funny so
Hamza when you're gonna get me back you
never gave me back you always picking on
someone younger you pick on someone your
own size like dj khaled so this is a
picture that hamza took and posted on
his Instagram he basically wrote on
Haley writing Hamza was here payback
like first of all you are so so sloppy
I think Rima writes a neater than you
second of all is that all you got
happens is that all you got do something
wait wait wait wait no no no he that
that's not all he got he actually got
another prank that he did and Haley as
payback so let's let's watch it let's
see what it is
you got water what the hell just say it
paella so messed up
listen to a highly sensitive she pulled
the hams out what the heck that's my
shirt that's my freakin show he's weird
the one with the little polka dots of my
colors so that's done with with ham says
Instagram I'm done with houses again I'm
done roasting him and watching his weird
pranks but I just want to show you guys
at least one one of Hylas music please
cuz I know your music leza cool but I'm
sorry I'm sorry I had I had to do it I
had to do if you had like I had to go
look and at least find one musically
that was just weird and like what the
heck so I'm looking for highness
musically I cannot find it she has a fan
she has fan accounts on musically you
know what I'm gonna make you musically
too and because you know I want I want
all fan accounts I'm not musically to so
I'm gonna be making more music please
guys to follow me on musically my
musically is Adam Saleh 93 so yeah let's
go watch one of Hale is musically so
this is how this musically is Haley is
me and she has around 10,000 fans on
musically which is just pretty lot for
11 year old but she has a lot of
musically so I want to show you one
specific one because like this one right
here Jane really fuck with me way back
in girl how about now
cuz I'm up right now hey you suck right
you really fuck with me way back anger
how about now
cuz I love right now Highland you look
exactly the same from that picture to
when you were now what what are you
doing just when I thought you were safe
and I thought you were you know doing
some perfect musical ease you did that
but other than that overall you are fine
Hannah you're fine Hamza something's
wrong with you when I see you I'm gonna
fix it
alright guys it is the end of this video
I really hope you guys enjoyed it if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey give this vlog a thumbs up
because I'm doing a jacket giveaway I'm
giving away this jacket I don't know
just for fun I'm giving away this jacket
to anyone who thumbs up this video and
leaves a comment below I will choose
someone randomly and in a couple days
I'll let you guys know so hover wants a
jacket thumbs up and leave a comment
below and I'll give you this jacket I
don't know I have a really bad habit
I've given giving away my clothes to my
viewers and to do me act everyone watch
so thank you so much do me a
I reassured you guys so so much I'll see
you guys tomorrow with a vlog take care
and peace I'll owe you so baby please be
who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of you
I tell you what you're gonna be Oh baby
you can have anything you want to me
