hey guys what's up and do me yank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing so if I'm having an
amazing day
you all should be have it an amazing
happy day up we woke up late and we
didn't eat nothing today but we're about
to go at this place we're eating I don't
know somewhere near bulge put a gel out
up and it should be a dope dope spot
it's called and Romania cafe you guys
ready let's go yes no judgment so what
is this Alex Artman it's cats it was
sick I love cats love cats I love cats
whoa I just told him that you're scared
of cats why would you say that well you
must know I love cats - Carla's going we
want forgetting hamster sit somewhere
sure because that's the kind of to get
it gets just cuz you guys to cater cats
doesn't I'm scared I know I'm scared of
dogs not cats cats I love cats let's go
see how it goes
hi guys I'm here with Eman Amanda hi hi
she's also your your I say Romania cafe
it's a new Romania and it means obsessed
with cats it's actually English that is
sick that is a oh my I'm obsessed with
cats too so I'm scared of dogs I'm
starstruck asthma thank you so much for
bringing me here it's a pleasure and
that's beautiful beautiful cats in it I
cannot wait to go in there that one
looks calico do they have names or no
yeah all of them happening which one is
that little white one is snow snow oh my
god like it's no I can't
Oh Sun is gorilla gorilla and snow guys
this one is even after hurting you
shouldn't recap the money
no no you go you go hi pop him hi fun oh
my god let me get this one huge like
that what this one is amazing
mom I don't know how are you cutie
what's up
oh god this is cat steady good huh
how can you not love cats let's doing a
scaredy cat this one's a girl look at
this beauty this is beautiful
yes scared of cats ah these are all the
names of the cats Milo Lindy Hop Ottawa
yeah and uh Sammy
Bob look at these names where Ash Leo
not like his own Balu
do something yeah Leo I'm trying to go
eat with the cats
but now this is so scared he wants to
eat without the cats like what's the
point of being here this is like this is
cat heaven here they have one in New
York but the New York one is not as good
as one is here as one here this one is a
dangerous one I am she's the mean one
Nastya
she's the mean one but she has a story
behind her because her parents left her
like in the outside and they saved over
here so she's gonna know get kind of mad
at her name is gorilla but he's good
it's all good
well she's about to jump you got this No
Cupid oh maybe haha
edu how you doing cutie that's what is
so cute Linda I'm trying to get a cat to
sit on my lap and be inside here but Naz
does not want me to after I leave no
don't know that it's on my lap just
right let me just bounce then you can do
whatever you need to do you say with a
tiger near us
so you guys are like they hadn't go near
the tiger uhuhu it like nears close I
was fine but this one is a cow I bring
for you nothing
oh my God thank you so much this is
beautiful going put it put it I'm so
cute no no no no no he's friendly what
are you doing
super fun hi kitty this is so cute
flicka's my look so nice milos minook my
new favorite my new favorite cat
oh my god
Padma sit down I think he's sitting on
my cell on the cover yeah cause look at
this is coming on to me
it's adi upon they got it boys happy I
know I happy viewing you man is jealous
cuz my love came to me a Mylo left a man
a kid like in the tales of you I love
you Milo alright guys we had to take out
Milo
so he can come back and eat here we're
about to eat burgers and fries and have
some iced coffee you drink my coffee so
sin I drink my coffee those yours yeah
it was most alright guys I'm trying to
get TV to coming all up it came along
before but I'm Slim Paulo the camera did
it we scared it away mo did if he
was smoking you can't happen
yeah I know you have a trick now yeah if
I be I didn't like me
she's a cat whisperer she got all the
people can come to you plus Tigger yeah
she goes ice yeah oh you take a DVT
screw you 50 friends on a CG jealousy
she has a creepy jealous and he just
comes in as so no TV no you take it if
you come out yeah all right guys we're
outside right now as you can see the
fogging up a little bit we're near the
Buddhist Khalifa trying to take a color
picture what is crazy all of the meat oh
my god
all right it's much better now what's
crazy is look the clouds look out how it
is mashallah the world's tallest
building in the world look the clouds
are below the building this is insane
they have like sharks and like these
weird types of animals I want to go and
I think they're closing in a few so
we're just gonna go eat enjoy the last
here in Dubai Mall to the shop mama
Slim's can do the shopping is that and
we gonna be up sure
the size of the shoe
it's literally bigger than me
oximeter dad are you
I can see all your Forks thank you so
much say hi love so yeah this was a
life's Neverland hello so another
lasagna become for you that's only one
you are for you put the shows there yeah
we had a show in yeah nobody's go yet
okay how are you I'm good how do you
like goodbye yes beautiful
hi guys I'm here with Muhammad and Holly
right here we're eating at this
restaurant
and he came trying to pick fire Bell
like man you don't happen to give me a
gift I sorta say thank you so much but
no you're not paying the bill huh what
you want to say stand in for the block
man what you want to say he has a vlog
channel to what it's a cult with the X
means heavy spell oh yeah yes Zack's
because I'm a Czech I must talk to you
tonight
Oh check it out see how it goes man you
guys so sweet thank you guys so much
you're welcome okay we just got back to
our hotel some Oh cast came here early
because they were so so tired and they
wanted to get some sleep before we head
to the desert we're gonna go to the
desert while sunrise is going up hang
out there for a bit because our flight
is in a few hours and then Dubai is done
it was a crazy long journey but let's do
this and let's have some fun guys you
ready to go to dinner come on alright
guys so I'm gonna tell you guys what
exactly happened okay oh man it's
fogging up again bear with me with this
foggy lens is hot here okay so a driver
could make around 5 6 a.m. to go drivers
so we end up getting an uber so we told
the woods take us to a desert and he
didn't he had no clue so he took us to a
place where it looks like I'm guessing
this is a desert it is but I guess the
last time I came here I went to a real
real desert was like crazy this one has
a little maybe little trees and
something like that but looks really
dope hopefully we're gonna get some dope
Instagram pictures by the way I got my
strap right here I gots a little better
I got my little toy gun that when you
guys give me oh and we're going up to
goddess we don't know if it's dangerous
here or not but it's fun we're doing it
for the vlog we're doing it for
Instagram do it for some dope dope
content so it looks beautiful here guys
like it literally looks like were four
guys stuck in a desert my driver just
left
yeah you've ever saw this gun that's
what it wait he probably saw I don't
know he loved you thinking wrong like
he's got these guys is it so good I
haven't showed him yet but you probably
definitely see the gun oh my god
ah we just got done taking some pictures
and we're about to head back to go eat
and then I'm heading to the airport
hopefully I can get to vlog up by the
time before I get to the flight is going
to be a by itself so if anyone's
watching this vlog I probably haven't we
don't say you I find a plane but this I
do as I deal with a gun here
take a whole how you hide it just in
case you to get in trouble enough since
to like that by the way this is a fake
gun it's a toy gun anyone is watching
anything like that you cover it and
anyone comes here and sees it they see
it is gone that's it now feel the sand
is beautiful world beautiful sin wander
that's quicksand here oh man I managed
to buy it yeah to be honest to me the
manbo freaking man bro
sure see what was in him no I did it so
Lola alright guys my Abu driver he just
spoken on the saloon and he pretty much
thinks that we came we told him to come
to the desert so we can hide our gun so
we could have it we're telling it was
like it it's a it's a fake gun it's not
real and he's pretty much was like no
you ass cameras I had your gun like no
this is sketchy you've ever do some
shady as hell but it's all good sorry
but I do man the man right here weren't
Pakistani from where Papa shower a
shower nice push out what is nice all I
want to say is what cars got the pet the
best picture out of all of us it's
seriously so sick the sick is pig road
and it was his idea wasn't so all credit
goes to castle it's so doable
I came with one thing I'm really mad
about is that I messed up my Easy's
completely literally ended earlier than
disease completely most of the desert
you know it's funny right now because hi
everyone
make sure you wear your most roughest
trainers so I come on flip-flops
everyone came up with us come on in
flip-flops because Adam warned me enough
for our small I lost my flirt last knot
around Adams what
one yeah I lost one of my slippers so I
had to wear I don't know
I said guys it's an ATM moment slim swim
some ass I got it from son give me look
what is he doing
it was looking at the glass like what
that hurt but guys I'm an end the vlog
here I'll see you guys tomorrow back in
New York City you guys going to see our
journey back to NYC hopefully stars like
me I love you guys so much hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog if you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
we're going to be back in ten days for
our Fashion Week and it's going to be
back bigger and crazier I'll update you
guys on all the info with that thank you
guys so much for the support take ho and
Australia Sydney Sydney I'm performing
in December the tickets will be on
October 2nd link is down bak Tober
second get your tickets for sending
because I promise it's gonna be sold out
real quick so make sure you guys go get
your tickets and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care and pics I like
