hey guys what's up and do me yank I hope
you're having an amazing a because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing positive day I just uploaded
a main Channel video I'm supposed to
uploaded on this channel but I felt like
it was a golden golden harmless prank
and I felt like I did good
doing a harmless prank because usually
my pranks are really crazy and that's
hot prank people but this one was
harmless so if you guys want to go check
it out go to the main channel the link
is down below I will be recording a
couple comments putting them on
tomorrow's vlog so make sure you guys go
comment something and I'll leave it on
tomorrow's vlog and give it a giant
giant thumbs up thank you guys so so
much but I wasn't gonna upload a video
on this channel because I supposed to
upload the prank on this channel so I
had no video to upload and I didn't vlog
yesterday because it was literally
pouring and raining outside here in
Orlando it's like hurricane season as a
video that I've always wanted to do like
it's a really really good video it's
reacting to my nephew Hamzah's musical
ease if you guys haven't seen how much
as musical ease then I'm jealous of you
I'm really really jealous because they
are really really cringey and they're so
like what that case so his musically is
called your man hamza it's no longer
your boy it's now your man he's a man
now how was it his profile picture is me
and him yeah it's almost 13,000 fans
I'm musically it Hamza I'm proud of you
13,000 almost 13,000 fans on on
musically guys dope 47 musically is 47
using these and 107 thousand hearts
that's a lot of hard times
that's a lot of hearts I seriously do
not know where to start with these like
oh my god this like there's a lot I
don't know where to start so I'm just
gonna choose a random video let's choose
the first one that I don't know
this is just personal good in the shirt
sick of all the shorty had a little good
your shirt rough are those good in
t-shirt instead of all those in this
shorty look at illusion you shirt rough
one shorty what the heck was that
how's this thing he looks good in the
shirt that's like that's that's rare he
didn't take off his shirt what the heck
I'm like literally surprised rice gum
has it even roasted hams it oh my god
I'm I won't be surprised if you're
actually on the next these kids must be
stopped on rice comes via I literally
won't be surprised this do pull out his
house keys people that hit freaking
house keys I think this was a day when
he met his dad dj khaled so he was
feeling himself you know I'm saying so
he did it music Lee I don't know I find
how this musically is so amusing and so
entertaining they're so funny
haven't you got talent man okay let's
see this one
time's up
you lucky you close your mouth when he
said you like your clothes my if I see
you if I see you I'm going to take the
$20 zero pocket and I'm going to take
that shirt that's mine I Love New York
shirt
did you just do
did you just throw your homework like
that why would you throw your homework
house that I miss in China I'm gonna
tell your mom you throw in your homework
out for music Lee's on to the next one
it's my sweater but perhaps I always win
bus with me what the that's not how you
dab and Millie Watkins did you know let
me give it a try
I'll give us you Hamza that was that was
pretty hard I I give that one to you I
give that one a dilemma leave out of me
oh yeah hands up what yeah once again
I'm so sorry I'm not even doing this
love hurts but he's wearing my shirt
again that's my freakin shit that's my
Brooklyn shirt the other one was my
pigeon shirt and the other one was my I
Love New York shirt no way I think me
and slim did a musically what happens I
guys I just chill please we're not roses
laughing means them we did a video
musically all right
with this cannot be see some me this
cannot pretend you guys did not see this
musically guys just pretend you didn't
even see this musically okay okay so
this looks like older musically because
he had short hair and I'm looking
closely and his shirt is ripped up why
is there always something wrong with
Hamza's shirt is either off or is either
mine or is either ripped like what Elise
lip-sync to it how does that did not see
your freaking shirt is ripped yeah this
is like a shame of The Addams Family so
this one has highland in it okay oh oh
yo yeah kid that kid comfy behind eyelet
is a boss how's it hangin made your
freaking musically a hundred times you
could even keep up word you can I'm
surprised when take off your shirt and
you're wearing my shirt pilot Haley I'm
not like she's she's a beast
I can't roast her I can't like laugh at
her musically like her she's the boss
Isle is just literally a boss what love
did you guys just see that
Hamzah please I am begging you give me
your phone I will delete your musically
and just like like what did ya see that
he was like literally like literally one
like this
go what do you mean at least make your
lips move to the same lyric letters
I'm gonna give you musically classes
happens I'm getting music li classes
done with this I can't watch no more
music Lee's of Hamza they're seriously
so entertaining and so so funny but huge
shout out to haves F letting me do this
video and letting me you know show the
world for this if you guys want to
follow him on musically go follow him
your man happens that he's popping an
upload more musically I love you how's
that for the bottom of my heart don't
take anything you know series he knows
that already but I love you so so much
it was seriously hilarious buddy shows
need a little more practice on your
freaking a little more practice Hamza on
your music please maybe one day I'll
feed training with musically again I'm
at it's time to wrap up this video I
hope you guys enjoy this video if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go turkey if you give this video a
thumbs up um I will make musically and
out you know out takeover musically
whoever wants me to make you musically
give it a thumbs up I will just turn up
turn up you know what I'm saying um that
I'll see you guys tomorrow do me a thank
you guys so so much for a little support
make sure you guys subscribe to the vlog
channel it's almost at one and a half
million subscribers and my main channel
is over one and a half million
subscribers we're about to reach three
million subscribers together and I want
to celebrate with you guys it's gonna be
so so amazing thank you guys so so much
from the bottom of heart you guys are
seriously amazing I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace I like you
so baby please be who you wanna be
so let anybody tell you what you gonna
be Oh baby
