hey guys whatsup idumaean good morning
from Detroit Michigan I hope you're
having an amazing morning because I'm
having an amazing morning so about
having an amazing you all should be
having an amazing happy morning it's
10:00 a.m. right now my flight was 8 in
the morning from New York City so that
means I had to wake up around 5 a.m. get
there at 6:00 and come and I'm
performing in a couple hours and I have
another two hour drive in Michigan all
the way to a place called cold water
which is a place I have never heard of
but I'm so excited to go because the
organizers told me that there's already
like three to four hundred people who
got tickets and I'm like what the heck
who who the heck knows mean cold water
but I'm so excited give me nice and
linked my luggage not that I'm gonna go
meet up with the homie Moby he shoutout
to the homey Moby he always holds it
down when I'm here in Michigan
I'm looking for Moby right now he texted
me saying that it's a black 300 car I
don't know what a 300 looks like I'm
just looking for any black car there's
so many black cars everywhere moving
look that is it black 300 my real I need
to learn more about cars
oh yeah yeah it was good I don't vote he
saw me black 300 like what's 300 I'm
looking for a black car I don't know
what's the 300 chill alone oh my god was
Toretto like I'm gonna take this no so I
knew yes my new my new black hair
another one wanted an ocean guys we're
in Detroit and I think Detroit is ranked
what the number one like the poorest
city in America I think it's a poor city
America look how quick is so like they
need America I need a fix up Detroit man
it's a beautiful beautiful city they can
make a middle but everything is like
gone like this look at this yeah you do
oh it's literally looks like we're in
Yemen bro they're like they literally
need a fix-it man and we're gonna see em
and I'm here enough and I got lives
walking Bloomfield Hills he literally
lives here not in Detroit
he looks further my lips where aim our
Alina that's where you grew up like he
trailer park but I'm saying like where
he lives now he has like a mansion gated
community yeah
why that's crazy that's crazy coming
visit him or not is he cool have you
heard about him or not a lot no one ever
sees him okay I must M&M come out man
never I play hide and seek without some
answers you want to see you man but he's
here it could rocks your food that's
crazy that's crazy man so he just never
comes out we don't know
I'm a rapper a big like celebrity like
that I'll actually come out and stop
chilling in my city like you know what's
up lamina mandela the cool thing that
guy goes like whenever like someone
comes to the sea like when drinking oh
you came out here and comes out yeah i
like maybe that's why you should say
super exclusive right yeah yeah maybe it
is it that's crazy right now we're
actually heading to a good hotel in
Detroit I got my sorrows mobygames oh he
shouted to Moby thank you so much says
he do literally helps me so much
whenever I'm in Michigan and yeah we're
gonna hold it down over here and then
after that we're gonna go to two hour
drive to Coldwater gonna camp Kenneth oh
you go to Ken right in here here's the
bridge that's crazy what City Canada
this take winter that's Canada British
scanner
you know these houses man what that yo
coming dear boy looks much better than
Detroit like but look at laser literally
the houses are what people live here
it's crazy cuz you'll have a look a nice
house and then a burned down house
burned down house burned down house
alright guys I just got to the hotel the
hotel is beautiful like oh my
underestimated Detroit Michigan but they
still need to fix up the city because I
felt like I was back in like 2002 late
but it's so dope like this this whole
king-size room if you chat up to the
organizers of cold water thank you guys
so so much it's gonna be dope dope night
today Tibbits Opera House I believe
that's what it's called the view looks
amazing I don't know why I love this
even though it looks greeny
and kind of like Detroit I still love it
looks good huh you came on a baby it was
really hot whole like four weeks but I'm
telling you it's only a bad day cuz I'm
here like I have bad luck man like
you're not even joking it was really
nice
Rob looks wow this is beautiful Oh Dan
what what the heck TV TV
Boulder the teeth there's a TV and a
breaking bathroom this is sick
whoa this is dope a lot of people laugh
at me because I always say this is dope
and someone was like Adam is the type of
guy to eat Clara to eat poop and be like
yo dis tastes so good it's dope
so moby got this what's it called ozmo
ozma real Osmo and he's doing a
time-lapse um see how looks on your
phone this is sick I chose it right
there that's crazy
technology he's gonna keep that time
elapsed edge so we go to cold water
which is two hours away to the show and
everything which is another two three
hours that come back two hours that's
like that's like a good eight nine hours
he's gonna keep the time-lapse and we're
gonna get to put on the Block beside the
hotel about the head to cold water it is
gonna be an amazing it made sad do I
know what to expect
have you even heard of cold water well
his first time he's never home when he
lives in Michigan so it's like
Michigan's rare I think it's like right
there
and cold over there right here and
that's right right here
yeah it is how you know he's out he's
pulling his hand that's enough let me
shake it well a Michigan looks like this
on a man know what huh what's up guys I
met some people you guys are the first
people that I met from Michigan what's
up what's up with Detroit what's up was
good
you guys gotta come to New York City
yeah yeah yes please happen over here
it's good I like here it's nice work huh
the camera then
we're gonna seal is that you - yeah
YouTube type in atom solid on YouTube ad
am si le h mule see ya a part of the
tour - you got layman a part of a part
of the tour team in New York City
ok yeah like I leave in today or we're
gonna or that work was that huh but I'm
the twerking home yeah yeah if you want
to put this work on you know what and
I'm your exit I was talking like
everyone will do not talk on you have
fun art have fun so we're on this
two-hour journey to cold water and me
and movie we have we don't we don't know
what to expect to be honest we have
nothing we don't know what to expect we
don't know if it's gonna be wild and
crazy we don't know if it's going to be
quiet and we don't know we don't know so
it's pretty much like a blind but not
like a blind date like a blind show oh
my god this is this is the view we have
is literally like we're an epic Yemen
so I just got here
to the venue in cold water and it looks
seriously beautiful guys I cannot
believe I'm gonna be performing here
this is crazy
this is why I help this is what guys no
one came to my show no one came to my
show but I'm sure cannot say some people
are gonna start coming in around two
hours from now and I've been told that
cold water is the second most the second
biggest Arab community in I think all of
America so I did not know that I did not
expect that I only know that now and
they said it's the biggest is the Yemeni
community so there's going to be a lot
of Yemeni people which I'm so so proud
of because I'm Yemeni and I'm gonna be
performing so mostly hundreds of you how
many people's eyes no shout out city I
mean you got there and there's still
gonna be a lot of other people were
coming through from far away but this
area is known for like Yamini like I'm
in Yemen right now hopefully I'm in sana
I'm in tears I mean it I mean other guys
I'm walking right now I'll go to the
front I want to show you guys they have
like my face like atom solid tonight I
don't know if any people are there I
don't know
hi can I go in the front okay
yeah I might just go like a minute hold
on out of your way
are you the first people here what's up
I got jewelry guys from you guys in the
vlog now so this is dope
this is sick Wow hi guys
you guys are good what's remo yeah yes
not here she can't stop pulling a shirt
I'm so stop pulling shut up so hey guys
doing hi I was doing fun zoo we've got
an air horn let me see make some noise
this is dope it's gonna be us all coming
to the show oh yeah yeah but he's
getting really fun my homies man thank
you guys so much
what's up be careful you got it you that
this is the most nervous of every guy oh
my god I'm nervous cuz I mostly people
like from our country it's gonna be well
it's gonna be fun we have fun with it
now let's do this I'm going in interview
oh my god I'm scared
alright I always get this adrenaline
rush where like I just want to box like
I feel like I'm having a boxing match
oh my god I love you guys thank you guys
so much I love you guys
love you you see you guys in a few doom
again you got the best ass seriously
thank you guys so much for everything
for like bringing me to where I am today
look this is my I'm never smoking I'm
nervous but you got this well I'm never
got what we got
do you ever have them and very very few
kilos rima do you know who is he how do
you very big look very Merry
kindergarten are freaking free
kindergarten or pre-k
waiting from waiting for you from boys
in Yemen or are you forgiven yeah
Michigan is no missing all right so are
you looking to get married or no do you
want to marry Rhema I think you said I'm
looking to get married so you do what a
baby I'm gonna buy her a good ring
how much is it gonna cost guys I'm done
with the show it went so so amazing I'm
so relieved I'm not nervous anymore
literally I got closer every single one
you guys they just feel some worries I'm
so so happy
I'm about to go to the meeting you right
now and we got a couple where's mommy
moving
let me see the pictures he tried out to
the organizers here they got don't
picture here what huh oh it looks like a
like this is sick I'm gonna be signing
these am i doing all right I'm gonna be
signing these for you guys thank you
guys so so much you guys have been
literally amazing everyone out there I
had so much fun which you got a little
kid right there Hamza she shout out to
you guys I'm here with a bra here from
Yemen right yes she's from Yemen she's
the one who asked to get me here she's
the one who got me to be here so he
travels abroad she's been backstage the
halls I'm chillin thank you so much
she's literally so sweet the moment she
saw me she was so scared she's like I'm
like do I look that scary doll like
that's scary
no I don't surprising
what surprised me thank you so much
she's so sweet and your sisters a hood
yes it would shout out to you guys to
any anything you want to say I guess not
so not nothing no please yeah he's
scared of what nothing is scarier being
in the why not as I'm scared she's like
she's really confidant like that when
she you were in a play to play she's a
really good idea you too a bit to go
dude
was it call hella high tewindrow twin de
ella ready for vinegar yes well you
could be here you're just chill around
here so yeah she's gonna look at me take
pictures and stuff you're gonna get
bored you sure you know I can get bored
this single oh she's all sweet now
you're gonna get bored Deena gets she's
gonna get sick and me in a few but it's
all good thank you so much for
everything for bringing me out here who
shut up it's a bra so thank you stick
around are you children he's the first
person I met with you what's her name
again
no no no Oh Malik Malik shout-out to the
homey Malik he has a YouTube channel was
a cool kid King cumali capturing boy
king cool now a shout out to my friends
so stupid and shut up to my cousin me
what's up me and starts to be what about
you got the guns man he got the guns he
got shot most doom oh well she got the
guns right there squawk squawk ohh bro
what you gotta love here yeah call you a
cold water I tell you right here I'm
wearing Texas El Paso apostle textile
shout-out to my estate Indiana Angola
what's up is Tory Street how far is that
on two five minutes 800 get a man thank
you so much he drove five minutes that
means a lot I mean I thought it might be
like 5 hours 5 minutes long man thank
you guys so much
mom two hours two hours thank you so
much she's so sweet man thank you so
much over what's up AJ AJ he's only AJ I
love his hat still more hat shout-out to
the homing romanette way
smile more look my mama say mama she a
good sister yeah yeah okay two hours
ha she bought you all think she's a good
sister Ava she's a good good sister all
right what about her shoot is she this
is sometimes I forget I clean the house
Dana she's a good sister that her name
is Sarah with an H so sad raw if you
want to say um shout out to hide our and
shout out to buck Ross what's your name
yeah
so another Sarah Sarah but Sarah but yes
was it also the philosophy lasted oh I
thought you liked Sarah but no Hassan
and you roasted me on stage in front of
everybody I'm no reason I'm so you came
all the way from Maryland Maryland how
far that that's four hours away from
what oh my god from Maryland that is it
thank you guys for your shout out to
happen and Sarah I'm sorry for real seen
you on say John Cooper had no those are
he the first day he came in he was like
Aslam Malenko mean he's Mexican does
respect my man thank you so much and he
lives you have the all living cold water
Yakult they live in cold water here and
I was asking them like what the heck is
here in cold water what is here nothing
what's up much a lot such a beautiful
family you guys are blessed may Allah
bless you guys I'm keeping you today
right give me you're gonna tell me you
go back to New York I'm gonna see Remo
yes yes yeah I'll tell you that buddy a
special Heights ARIMA what about you Ali
I mean what's that white music how do
you six six
masha'Allah nice so which one you guys
were me more times that you got cat
workout you got one Gila so he left me
enough she flew out from Virginia to
come to the show I hope you have fun
have fun you sure
Bri off Kenny your Afghan aside you shot
at so anything want to say whatever you
want to say a hunter time one if they
hide to my eights of them do eight
siblings Michelle you got it you should
have brought them - she's like screw it
I'll coming alone I love her hat so
we're gonna switch hats yes and picture
I hear good my actually like this huh
huh oh my god a big on me he's gonna
have a big head I got a business
I gotta move yeah she just said I got a
big she's understand ELISA she said I
got a big Martha's only style she made
me cry she made me cry now thank you
guys so much you guys are so sweet if
you want you can have the Hat I'll take
it the numbers well yeah you can have
it's wonderful Ross oh I feel bad
oh well sure yeah sure okay so you're
stealing from her just like her
thank you guys so much for coming to me
a lot what do you everyone are there
like me all we have know we ready shout
out to you guys thank you guys so much
for coming Portobello here yeah we're
cold water
shout out to cold water you guys amazing
shouts every single one of you guys over
here thank you guys love your house I
love you too you guys is amazing thank
you guys so much you guys gonna be in a
blog now scoap say go Turkey God thumbs
up thumbs up Wendy Linda here what's
your nationalities nice man Hispanic
Hispanic so they came late and they
missed the whole show
they came three hours late so I thought
Arabs come late but Hispanics you guys
come late you guys come later than us
but thank you guys so much for coming
through you guys are so serious sisters
yeah yes you shout out to us
you got some a really really good name
that was like so how you doing give me
five give me five you got the twins
wow you guys a beautiful mess Allah
what's your name what smoke huh
racing up Haman imma get Ricky Ricky and
you have Maidan McGee Wow
bachelor if I turn to spin around right
now I wouldn't know who's who
shot it's a better place in the hood
this is the everyone this the family is
your family yeah this her from this
everyone that brought me here so thank
you guys so so much you guys so cute say
cheese say cheese cheese like
that beautiful smile you guys are so
cute man yeah I knew her from Instagram
so I don't know tell them what I said
onstage oh I knew it is you notice
because follow me yeah a follower and I
stalk to Instagram and I was like that's
undercover I don't get himself handsome
like that and I knew it was her and
she's seriously so sweet and she but she
made me eat a raw egg so drink about so
L anymore where you guys from your
nationality Cleveland Ohio oh nice
Cleveland Ohio that's Joe thank you guys
so much everyone came from far away
I appreciate let me see your shirt oh
yes it looks dope
let me see it yeah that is sick
guys relationships that single day too
busy was never around so um he can walk
out wave and they get again police you
guys are so nice shout out to you guys
oh yeah they're gonna give me out safely
and they're gonna get me to you guys and
say hi so I should go get it what are
you he's already waiting in the car okay
if you want to come downstairs just
don't go and all hallway where they can
see ya and I'll let my guys I'm overdue
I could fuck it
I just vlog whatever I do think about
hey guys doing good how was it awesome
oh it's crazy
routers jump you I don't know what to
say you're in the front meters and let's
do cuz I don't be in the back someone
took my hat my money when Sigma hun
hello thank you so much I appreciate
everything all right guys we're on our
way back to where Detroit dear boy huh
oh it shows like he's scared about shows
last week it was crazy guys someone
literally almost gone to actually let
their car almost rolled over please like
when we're leaving especially in a
highway do not follow and like yeah
don't it's really dangerous
just for safety just get home safe and
little because it's hard it's like
chasing a car which is really bad that's
really really that we didn't know what
to do at any point so we had to slow
down and wait and take a different zip
and when we took a different exit the
dude literally went over the the sand
the grass and the concrete and he
literally almost rolled over it was so
so scary so please be safe guys and
please just please be safe I love you
guys thank you guys so how was the movie
I was experienced I'm not bad well I'm
very nice it was nutty at that yes
was it fun what was very nice it's time
to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed this life it did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey it was
a long long hug so to anyone who made it
to the end of this vlog I want to see
you guys smash that
thank you guys so so much for today has
been on real literally I my nigga
vlogger here at this really dope spot
and I'm gonna show you guys I'm sure you
guys that tomorrow is gonna be really
sick literally right outside a lake
you got to see more of it tomorrow but I
have the giveaway winners of the MacBook
and the ten names will be announced in a
cup of when I'm back in Newark see like
it's already gonna be confirmed but
there's another giveaway that I am doing
and this involves beautycon in New York
City so if you guys do not know I'm
gonna be in beauty con beauty clown New
York City October first and this are the
rules for this giveaway is really an
amazing amazing giveaway that's
happening so this is how it goes you
have to enter to be the winner a link
there's a link down below in my video
right now that's how you enter to go
when to go win the prize of the Google
which is you get to come to New York
City and stay and you get tickets to
beautycon and I'll give you a hotel you
stay there and it's going to be an
amazing amazing time you have to be 18
or older or if you're younger you have
to have like a parent or guardian and
you have to be allowed to like come to
New York City because you know you got
to be allowed to come through it's
something amazing that beautycon is
doing and they gave me the opportunity
to do it they're asking me if you're
following to do I'm like you know what
why not why not get an Adu me to come
through to beautycon what me and is
going to be a crazy fun fun time is
October 1st they're gonna announce the
winner September 23rd all you have to do
is there's a picture in the link down
below you regram it posted on Instagram
you tagged beautycon and you tagged me
and what else you got anyone feeling
that this is like a forum in there and
literally yeah that's pretty much so you
got to do and hopefully you good luck to
everyone so ever is joining then the
winners will be announced September 23rd
on Friday and yeah good luck is going to
be crazy is going to be amazing and I'll
keep you guys updated with that and I
really hope never hope to see someone
coming through so make sure you guys to
anyone who wants to be in New York City
who once it comes to beauty con with me
who wants to be
tonight in New York City in your own
hotel room you want to chill you want to
relax and go to beautycon have fun go to
the giveaway and try to win it now tag
beautycon and tag me and let's see how
it goes other than I'll see you guys
tomorrow doing a thank you guys so much
but today we created so many memories I
love you guys do me yeah you guys are
the best and you guys are the wildest
and maybe you got says you had are the
wildest family on YouTube like literally
while like no one can control you guys
not even I can control you guys which is
pretty crazy but thank you guys so much
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I love you so baby please be who
you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you gonna be Oh
baby you can have anything you
and
