hey guys what's up for do me yang I hope
you're having an amazing it because I'm
having an amazing morning here in Dubai
so if I'm having an amazing morning you
all should be having an amazing happy
morning today I'm not actually having a
happy morning I don't know if you guys
notice it but look at my shirt I bought
this shirt in New York City for a
hundred and fifty dollars about this
this and these kicks right here to match
and this is what my favorite shirt is I
was planning on wearing this today and I
try to iron it like an idiot and I'm
freaking left and ironed mark on it and
I'm spa man I'm such an idiot man I
swear if you guys see me you can control
me up man oh man ah so you know what I
don't care muscle wear it it's it's
memories I'm going to try to find a
marker and let knives will cost and slim
just sign it so to cover it so ah man it
looks bad it looks bad not just look bad
oh just look bad Russia yeah shower huh
yeah you can't really see it unless you
come round to sorry you get away with it
oh man okay let's go we out we out today
we're gonna go see animals lions I mean
already see animals here we see monkeys
lions and giraffes right now but you
know mochila
but we're gonna go to to go see more
vlogs and lash it the homie for some
seams so hopefully uh goes well ah oh
man some is my sigil my shirt even worse
so please trust me bro man right now we
just got to this dope dope house and Mo
was asking me he's like you guys sure
sign outside that's on the whole story
I'm like a Cir yeah so then a bird or
the blog what happened yeah sure what
happened I just let them sign it this is
like dope though it looks nice thank you
lining you show you love if it just
didn't have Slim's name hi oh damn slim
what the hell you guys let me introduce
you guys to the homie - ed I should say
what's up homie - he's a man this is his
place right here I'm ready for it ready
yeah it's gonna be scared listen and I'm
not even think I'm brave I'm brave I
think those animals you know yeah 20 30
feet away up you know say I'm gonna say
what you guys like they know you do you
know what I gotta make sure y'all told
Perry you can't get these monkeys eye
contact or else it'll like chompin go on
Ukraine I'm not giving it all cuz I
don't even like de-animate oh just come
out here I come I just don't get too
close to the cage cuz no one were you in
one hand and those are like strong yeah
watch I hope I overshot all of them we
have monkeys of in a row I'm trying
how do I do it oh you know schedule
his hand is going to come up close more
you crazy yeah which one Oh yo what up
got some Chesson you look so much like
it's the biscuit do this so ever he's
gonna get it yeah go grab your side
don't put your hand use your hands
output blows whoa hello some feeling
alone
so give me Oh yo hello you've been
living here in the bands
oh yeah you've been born amazing that's
great you gotta come to New York see
y'all come to show LIBOR definitely nice
huh it's a nice day boys I said
different than here but it's a different
world
this is crazy I don't know I don't know
who Wow Wow you live here
Wow Oh
bullshit I think it's powerful bro well
you getting mad please woman shined it
on this eye he's shown power runs across
and does it just to make sure I don't
know Wow
banging on my chest I said baby named
Gaia oh you got your the man little King
whoa like like yeah hey three hey double
cage
two actually well here's here he doesn't
like me Oh tell me back he's working on
lagers it's Wednesday
I'm scared even with the kids I would
hold only women in there he's gonna kill
you after dinner no he didn't like me he
didn't like me well he liked you that's
why I think so I did down no way let me
say like we have a connection man he
wanted a better connection I Love You
Man you're amazing
it's beautiful eyes oh right now he just
fell all over me I'm going to go I'm
scared room yo yeah
baby would love Adam why are you so much
what do we love you so much
how you don't hope perfect maybe they
watch amazon vlogs how you got so good
yeah how you doing yeah they must watch
your vlog oh what's up man Oh Turkey oh
yeah we rock well here we go get used to
working oh yeah yeah he's done that so
much to me maybe that's it I won't touch
you rich
Oh even if you touch a man look right
see what's amazing well guys we got
beautiful that you're all right now Adam
oh that's heavy scared scared boat wow
that's crazy
let's move it hello come they don't like
you don't know you yeah it's loyal its
faithful it kisses only here hi let me
try it I don't want it he likes you
there you go there you go he's coming oh
I like you kiss me
there is cheating on you're fucking it
up a glaze yeah beautiful
yeah babe you know what I mean like this
white tiger oh wow this is beautiful
Oh a tiger P oh yeah it is ice Wow my
boy his guitar Doug how do I do it it
likes you likes of this is beautifully
oh my god we shot a hold him like this
it's another one to watch what you know
I'm trying to hold it caught you and me
phrases little shallow
oh that don't work from here oh I mean
like
boys Saatchi for Saachi right
champion nice boy my boy see I'm taking
about compactness and calm doesn't tell
the secret until you feel like no sorry
so caramelize it that's at fun fun like
you don't get scared
hey what is like the suit don't make oh
oh a nine of space
oh don't think someone on this until you
come here come oh you ever wear them you
just click I'll wear them for you huh I
gotcha that just done well so far dr.
Pierce's neck a gift for you well no way
no way look I feel like something's
gonna happen
nah distorted no way they're not you're
wearing Jordans oh oh
you don't open it
no way Oh sneak in there before sneak
available that's how you went to my
camera my boy was like a kick spider
dangerous okay look at it that's just
going who which player has you sent Paul
Pogba well and you wore them in a game
for this is also sample like maybe only
sample is only can see sample wow this
is busy this side huh oh my gosh I see
was loving yeah
I'll save you thick I'm a trash it just
scared me with a snake whose idea it was
your idea
yes I was gonna do what's our worship
really yeah but I see not not now you're
in a victimless and it's not good to be
an atom's victimless care it's game over
everybody in New York yeah yeah oh yeah
this guy's something is coming up soon
I'm coming because y'all ready me I mean
I should smoke everyone to keep pranking
me scare me with like that's it okay I
came before um I came before here I was
like I'm thinking I don't want to like I
don't want to do not I don't prank them
they're gonna think I'm crazy
these dudes are going crazy I was you
know what does thinking oh boy yeah no
way it does rigor let's the snake went
on oh man won't you know you know what I
swear but next time I see you guys
whenever I got something planned and it
won't be good and if you ever come to
New York is like gonna be your nightmare
like you're gonna cry a little Jackie
Chan shot a movie you're gonna see them
in here this is crazy
we don't go Conkeldurr he's making more
comfy yoga and a shadow moving here this
isn't tall if the main core this like a
zoo I cure this to me what are y'all
scared of what are you guys scared of MU
nothing nothing Oh
oh hey guys this is the main place we
eat dinner also like this in the zoo
eating dinner the middle this is so
second P chatter ah shit
this is so me thank you for the
hospitality it's it's an honor little
bit to being here from New York City and
being here so dope house it I'm loving
the body stick hey hey guys I'm gonna
give away in my channel the ps4 ps4 yeah
uncharted on a channel name with money
kicks money kicks yeah there's not only
does he got the kicks oh it's a one
terabyte ps4 with three games how about
just keep it and we get an intercity
oh yeah that's sick so if you guys don't
check it out don't see the homie money
case why tell you guys about the
dangerous which is not Westin huh Weston
that's that's the most dangerous one the
most dangerous woman she didn't just run
in the zoo yeah you can't I mean II Yi's
Jaguar he's fast they are out difficult
to catch them and they can harm you look
should I say how much damage is gonna
jump here so you see another staring
okay do me again get it's time to wrap
up this vlog I hope you all enjoy this
life did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go turkey I want to give you a
huge huge shout out to that shit and his
family to mo vlogs you guys were
seriously so nice and it was so amazing
it was an experience of a lifetime
because us Americans we know experience
nothing like that so it's so dope and if
you guys ever come to NYC or anywhere in
America let us know you know me I'm
gonna show you guys the dope dope so it
might not be at schools here but this
will be a dope crazy Adam you know do me
gang adventure thank you guys so so much
and yeah I'm ready Dubai before I have a
lot of interviews tomorrow then I'm
performing the day after and then Doha
and then it's gonna be a lot so I cannot
wait thank you guys so so much for them
I hope you guys all enjoy these Dubai
blogs then Doha and the back to Dubai
and the New York City and then maybe
Dubai I'm like I'm gonna keep quiet
maybe Dubai again but I know a lot you
guys saying that the tickets or the VIP
tickets sold out for me agree but if you
guys want come through and enjoy the
show the ticket link is down below enjoy
the show and I'm gonna try my best to
meet a lot of you guys
or if you guys want just get my snapchat
and I'm gonna put a little secret
locations you got to come through and
we'll say what's up to see how it goes
so thank you guys so much I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care her pics I love
you so baby please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of her
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want to me
