guys you ready I'm ready two and a half
years ago I I was in Dubai and I did a
little meet-and-greet and I was at the
Arab media forum today I'm going to
Dubai and I'll be performing for the
first time ever over there I am so so
excited hey guys what's up a new me yang
I hope you're having an amazing morning
because I'm having a rushed morning so
if I'm having a rough morning you all
should be having a rushed morning to
actually not you guys should be chilling
relaxing and watching me like throughout
the day I had so much to do today I had
to go get a haircut I have to go
shopping I have to wash my clothes I
have to pack and now I am finally ready
to head to the airport and go to the buy
one thing that I hate now because for
the past few years I've been living
literally around the world and like
living with a literally a luggage bag
it's seriously hectic traveling
somewhere that's like twelve especially
devices like 12 hours away 12 13 hours
away but if you count everything like
traveling from here to the airport and
from there to hotel all together is like
a 24 hour journey is literally so hectic
going through the airport going through
airport security going through customs
going through questioning and everything
going through all that just to get to
that city it's literally so hectic
that's the I used to love that part you
know traveling but now I hate it so so
much there needs to be like a superpower
that I have where like I'll just
teleport to the city that I want to go
like boom I'm in Dubai boom
I'm in Australia I hate it I hate it now
going through all that stuff but you
know what
it is what it is I'll see you guys in
the next shot the guys are together I'm
leaving tomorrow you're gonna come back
I'm gonna come back here one week one
week no have to come back here
I'm gonna come back here one week I
promise
okay I love you Tavi losing me I'm a
karateka I'm gonna miss you okay I love
second love love I love you so much
adieu me and I come back and I Matt Elam
and I be so much oh mama I bet I'm not
back come on you're the bestest ever
I'll overhead take care of let me need
him yup okay yeah whatever you need you
hit me up okay no okay ma'am I give me
hug let me sit let me look at you
what do you look like a clown Rima
everyone looks like a clown I love you
always okay I you put lipstick on me and
oh you put lipstick on me Rima I miss
you okay
don't touch madam miss you so give me
cos give me cos all right guys
oh my god I hate this motivator so sad I
hate it so so much
it's literally the worst but ever I I
can use outside view of my awesome give
me a big hug
we're gonna do look at this dear what
the heck is you do I don't miss you guys
be safe okay don't forget about me okay
okay you're not gonna forget about me
yeah keep your shirt on I have this
couple me stay up for Ashley but keep
your shirt on okay yeah so the people
who taught me love to take my shirt off
bad guy
what well look at these ads all right
guys we just got to therefore I met up
with slim and what cars and something
must with cars he is taking another
flight because he is so slow I don't
know why book but like he's taken he's
gonna cut that first and then divide so
we're gonna meet him two hours we have
no flight to get I wanted literally to
all of us be together but it's all good
you gonna pack sent after so I think
that's what made him take another leg me
and him we're going to Dubai right now
and he's gonna go to Doha stay there one
hour and they come to my he's gonna be a
long long flight long journey I'm so
excited I'm ready you guys ready what
was ready by some really crazy Dubai is
gonna be the so me and some today are
flying Emirates one of my favorite
favorite Airlines
right now out the lounge we got a little
food and we're eating healthy I got me
some like a little salad to us out
hummus and some cheese I'm eat that
continue I'm getting trying to get some
of the dye to but he's just eating
homeless that's it
it's good man keep it up all right so it
was all locked in there had if I may
this is Slim's first time going to
device was getting really really
exciting gonna be dope
you love it it's a long long flight but
I'll be like two years three years and I
stopped there and on to Doha this ends
but I have an order for two and a half
years yeah it's two and a half years oh
sorry about that yeah no no cornea we
just got our seats how's it feel - feels
good yeah man it's crazy how I don't
know so many days for like literally
wishing the worst for me in slim for
salado even though we don't wish nothing
negative upon anyone we're super
positive and now we're here going to
divide his it effects we're going to
divide we are doing crazy big amazing
things coming
inshallah he wouldn't be here without
you guys so thank you guys so so much
and yet to the day thank you guys so so
much - I really hope you guys have
happiness in your lives
yeah - any all the comments that I was
in yesterday's video the cops racist
comments eight comments cool you guys
can't make a move don't say it did we
make it we make moves on you're not
identify move so just keep moving
forward and yeah yeah I'm excited you
excited so baby please be who you want
I know your father will be proud of who
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you hurt een hours in
my crew was he fly oh my god it was good
nobody this one's a transition table -
assalam alikum - Allah his abrupt are
from what at least you know one really
say that you're sensitive
I will tarnish good with commentary
Murad whose gaze militia to dark matter
though come on I'm sure the devil look
at this doctor Benenati calm serenity
and a configure bed prepare Italian for
some military knows I'm stuck but in the
future Alice's thank you for taking
errands I'll see you next time future
yes yeah we finally made it to the by we
did all the annoying part which is
sitting the plane doing this waiting and
it was like a whole like a 13-hour
flight but to be honest what fast right
well fastest meeting with sleeping this
is what we always do before we go to
customs brush our teeth freshen up
before we go out because I don't know
there's a good thing you want to speak
to the customs people we're good hygiene
because you go there I smell like not
good they go yeah hi guys we made it
after customs me slim got so lucky the
guy knew us and he was like he was like
he's looking at he was like they
mentioned Rima I'm like yeah that's us
he was like bro bring me beware next
time like I got you
he's a going man you all comes I'll get
him holding channels that are three much
attitude goodbye you guys
amazing hospitality we're going out
right now we just made up analyses right
here and the waiting crowd driver and
then we also got away for what costs for
a little bit so we'll see how it goes
hey girl we try to keep it low-key that
we're coming here one person knew I do
not know happen somewhat snapchatted
right one person who so ever
I'll do began you know he's the first
person yeah get over how long a way for
he shot at the parasha for us sure
what's up i doing my goodness he's
he's the first first time in Dubai I
can't wait to meet a lot more guys
welcome to the vine we are here Jude is
big I want to give a huge shout out said
the lad I'm married two years ago and
she gave me these flowers and welcome to
the bye
this is amazing thank you guys so so
much I cannot wait
it's going be the weather's nice not
that hot it's not that hot right now
it's pretty good
I know in the morning in a sunny time is
gonna be it's gonna be so hopefully
turns out great and I'll see ya in
September 22nd or I'll see you guys
around before hanging out so we just got
a place we're gonna be saying that we're
gonna be staying in a suite and I just
seen it's like Finn or this is sheriff
as it this is sheikh hamad and this is I
don't know these two I only know this
but I'm into Bay right now no matter
what the homie movin like say what a
bomb man it was good I seen you about
not even it was going on today but on
offer yeah we're gonna have fun this
whole week I think that lend us Rolls
Royce I'm like that yeah we're gonna
give you guys a Rolls Royce they give us
a Rolls Royce I don't know where the
suit gets his cars front side the wages
I just ah it's crazy but to the
government under Ferrari take over re
yeah Ferrari so they're gonna be Ferrari
and we're gonna see how it goes
you're a boxer so what kind of car this
ferrari 4 5 8 let the Ferrari 4 5 8
mobilizes just pulled up switch you're
on this kid is crazy switch it on I'm
ready
whoa this dude is crazy
Slim's gonna hop in that I'm happy with
him with the rolls-royce was it I know
it oh this is sick
I don't nothing about cars but we in I'm
not really a car head like that but this
is it
so you open it the opposite way it opens
the opposite this is crazy
uh how you close I mean vog years after
my ball yeah dudes just just put away
what's got press upon you that's crazy a
ghost closer
that's a phantoms this one Hey oh wait
how to say holding her owner boom ed
Singh got one more surprise before we
roll what is it I'm liking the surprise
I know you I know you know DJ Khaled's I
do know these I've met a bug completed a
cig that is an enrollee I got the star
talk this is crazy
oh my god this is dope gotta speed it
down low
that was slippin
you guys are crazy no my god
you
this dude is crazy man that's a good
welcome to Dubai Dubai is about to be
lit this with you know it's gonna be the
I can't wait
they don't care
all of the
mother what cost is finally here oh come
on finally yeah but everybody's gonna be
crazy finally here mom take them so long
but why not we're waiting I didn't know
we're waiting for but this dude drives
wild man I'm a good driver I'm going to
next I got to see how he drives he told
me you're more scared than him I upon
you is screaming I've never seen
something I'm a good scare least I'm not
used to a new york and york we just take
uber Zoar train there's no if you have a
Ferrari some like that it's like Kirker
you're like oh my god you got a Ferrari
device I'll make you go oh my gosh we'll
see how it goes by the if you guys don't
know additional more vlogs its link will
be in the description down below mo
vlogs they'll see him and I'm probably
gonna hop in it next excellent answer he
scared the psycho a shot you would say
to me in the car just like Raja yo so
some psycho himself my safe in here yeah
you're good I don't know how you do this
man it's like a roller coaster everyday
whoa oh
omg omg your holy crap holy coming
I'm ready yo the roller-coaster up there
oMG I have nothing to hold onto i'ma
hold onto you
I'm sure the cars right there the daily
life of mow blogs
chillin I hear everybody he's a cool
dude - man he's a cool-ass woman I what
do we do in this situation
we got a garbage truck in front of us um
there's no way we're passing that gap I
think you just wait and let the carbon
garbage truck go for try hair go into it
I don't know just are like pullin ugly
we can if he actually try to make this
fit they're not I don't anything we can
fit Rosie on I know there you can fit
he's telling us to go make up a bit all
right let's try this good boat I'm gonna
get scratched either can we make it
great fit
I do not give in can fit I can fit
lyrica that kid he said a t-shirt
I don't see what the
what that vote is like an inch OMG
Oh
most wedding is there but he's left yeah
what would you do if your like you're
afraid you got scratched honestly I've
never been on a tight corner like that I
was crazy I was crazy
Oh guys you know we just we just I just
landed from New York like an hour ago
and everybody and I'm not even tired I'm
we're ready like doing all this crazy
thing we got a lot of quick tomorrow
we're doing some crazy bars gonna get
another that wolf gray skin again
that was fine that was wild that's loud
that
we just passed him like he's not little
I feel bad for them it's unfair like
it's literally unfair because that Rolls
Royce more expensive than yeah it is
it's just I'm bad with cars by the way
so Moe you got to teach me about about
cars on you have to be like the eight
five six
for our three one thousand eighty one
time why am i what the hell is in like
my phone over there guys we just love
the most fanciest restaurant ever like
it's so fancy that it makes the fanciest
restaurant in New York City look like
it's KFC not even Joker face he was like
how fancy was this place keeping work
it's so fancy the music how face use
this place not this place was not I've
never been here as well so that was a
space now I just face the music was too
loud there so I couldn't really blind
eyes right now mean about vlogging
issues yeah whenever there's like we all
know the plug-in if it's too loud that
you can't blog like you like yeah I hate
off someone's talking and you want to
vlog you look at him Game of Shadows go
like a whole entourage of people and
it's really annoying I sit there like
shouting over each other whenever I plug
the camera I'll see you tomorrow be sure
I'm seeing some more - it yeah me I
should get your squad once you got smart
out here oh man ok thank you so much for
today by the way alright so as this week
is gonna be lit though it's gonna be
charming right that they do me gang we
just got to a suite and i'ma show you
guys a little tour I'm end the vlog and
then tomorrow it starts so right now
this is the little dinner table over
here is the living room nas right there
living on his phone so I'm going to take
you guys
TV right here I'm gonna take you guys to
the kitchen the kitchen is huge
literally huge we got bit this is the
kitchen this is the freaking kitchen
this is dope this is gonna be so sick
this week is going to be the lives are
gonna be so dope so I cannot wait this
is one of the bathrooms and what I love
about the bathrooms is
that's America please please up Obama
better make one of these men put dude
come on man who uses toilet paper and
yeah water man this is one of the rooms
we're going to go inside just another
bathroom over here and this room has I
don't know if you guys can see it but
there's a bed right here
let me go aside there's another room
right well we have beliefs lemons in
here another bathroom the wrong son is
playing die right here what's happening
guys I'm so high I'm so excited I cannot
wait on that I'm gonna wrap up the vlog
here thank you guys so so much for your
love and support truly means the world
tomorrow I'll see you guys with another
vlog if you guys enjoyed this video make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey thank you guys so so much for
them so I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace
I love you so baby please be who you
wanna be
I know your father will be
wannabe so don't let anybody tell you
what you're gonna be oh baby you can
have anything
