what's up I hope you're happy because
I'm gonna be because you are amazing
happy day how's everyone doing today all
right guys I'm uploading this video
because I'm probably gonna be on a
flight long long flight to Dubai so I'm
getting this video ready for you guys to
be up so I won't miss a day where on my
brother's room right now and if you guys
haven't seen my brother I have a baby
picture of our brother this is like the
closest you guys will ever ever see his
my little brother okay so I brought my
whole family here today they do not know
what kind of video I'm even doing it's
literally like a daycare here so I'm
like you know what is bringing hold the
whole Adams family because I'm gonna be
away for like a week and Dubai so bring
up the family happens I say what's up
what's up all right guys so today I'm
gonna be reading mean comments mean
tweets racist comments and racist tweets
towards me so yeah you guys ready yeah I
didn't last time Mihrimah Jamel but this
time I'm gonna bring my whole family but
we gonna see how they react to all the
hate and negativity that I get sometimes
the first one says Adam Salah might have
a pretty face but he has ugly feet how
do you know I got ugly feet you never
see yeah
thank you sorry we jump over the chair
then you're like I think my feet look
fairly I think it looks fairly good what
do you think what do you guys think
great if I pirate this this right here
that boat that's nothing nothing buddy I
was funny
my feet are good I get pedicures and
it's leave I would put that come I don't
blame those someone said Adam Sylar is
ugly just that's a denying okay let's
see this girl's Twitter her bio says
according to many I'm a headache to
mankind PS I hate cat you hey how can
you hate cat you know what now I
understand why how can you hate cats
it's all about
but the thing is this girl literally has
like every tweet about me look at this
atom Salah is ugly Adam Adam Salah and
Zayn Malik are on the same level of ugly
to be honest I mean you can say I'm ugly
but they you bugging out Zayn he is not
ugly
and this girl mentions me so so much and
calls me ugly so so much that I
seriously think she's obsessed with me
girl I think you're obsessing me she is
she obsessed with me yes yeah girl you
obsessed she mentioned my name so many
times girl Adam Saleh is so ugly and
annoying I hate him
deena
you know what I love doing when I see
people like writing negative comments
tweets whatever I love going on their
Twitter and just literally seeing their
bio because it's always the stupidest
thing ever like they can hate like to be
honest after seeing their bio I don't
mind them hating me
this girl's bio says your fave Muslim B
word like girls what you know what I'm
happy you hate me I don't happy you
think negative a thank you goodbye Adam
if you go F yourself terrorists that's
rude man that's just me hold me back
hold me back bro coming back let me get
him let me get him I wonder boy what I
want to eat him Allah I won I won
Oh Cal me amateur lads I'm alive I'm a
real except my stomach that's what I saw
is what I'm all right I'm more like
looks like out someone said he is in the
terrorist country Saudi Arabia Islam the
religion of hate that Islam is peace
Jame I got it right Lavin
Remo's trying to say that Allah is gonna
punish you but she's saying Allah is
gonna punch you but she's right Allah
Allah will punish right here but yes
someone said they didn't choose some
white guy because my I love you okay he
keeps wanting to talk he wants my
attention so bad thing okay
someone said they didn't choose some why
got to be a terrorist because Muslims
are the terrorists I think she commented
this she comes to this on the movie
world where they trying to give me a
terrorist move roll on that video if
you're saying every single Muslims are
terrorists there's 1.5 billion Muslims
intro so for all terrorists don't you
think there will literally be no world
out of the one with the best
Oh every mother's someone said I hate
errands
well you have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 7 hours here
guys smile and say cheese and you know
what we love you too Sam stone we love
you we love you I love you so much all
right guys I'm now done with this video
and I cannot forget about anyone who
always shows love and positivity to me
so these are the tweets that everyone
shows love - I'm gonna read them right
now mattify that's ready someone said I
love Adam so freakin lunch Wow
oh ok ok ok good I love muffin so
freakin much oh oh ok ok I'll get it
someone said someone said I love Adams
family
is happy you got my you to someone said
how can people hate on Adam saw just
looking at videos you can tell he's so
crazy but humble and sweet thank you so
so much
that was literally so sweet don't say
Adam Saleh is crazy
this dude is amazing how can you hate
him makes me laugh no matter how sad I
can be thank you so so much that was so
sweet
there was a thank you I love you Adam
Saleh is literally the sweetest guy ever
how can people hate on him all he does
is make people smile Adam if you see
this we love you and if you see this we
love you didn't say hi hi alright guys
it is the end of this video hope you
guys enjoyed if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs out I'm gonna add his
family I want to see every single you
guys give this video a thumbs up for the
Adams oh my everyone's going top you
know oh man oh oh we're gonna end the
video here and thank you guys so much
for loving support thank you guys so
much for your love and support Adams
family and to me it truly means the
world I love you guys take care I'll see
you guys tomorrow - bye
you know so baby please be who you wanna
be I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you gonna be Oh
baby you can have anything you
I can't replace them but baby I'm trying
to be the man he'll be better every day
for the
