so let me start off this live by telling
you guys this story I tweeted about it
but I feel like Twitter sometimes you
get like you miss you misunderstand me
on Twitter sometimes so I have like I
rather say it in a vlog so I met this
fan like literally 30 minutes ago
outside and this is like the third
fourth time I met a fan that acts this
way but this time I caught him I caught
him he was basically lying he's
basically lying to me about a lot of
stuff and he admitted to to lying when I
asked him again and he told me the
reason why he was lying and a lot of you
guys when I tweeted about a lot of you
guys like I had on but we just were
nervous we don't want to annoy you we
want to want you to like me so I met
this kid out on the street and usually
when I meet anyone I'm like the nicest
guy ever my own setup how you doing was
good you know
I'm just super chill but then this kid
ended up saying that Drake was his
cousin he literally mumbled out that
Drake was his cousin and like the you
know the person I don't want I don't
want to like put him on the spot I was
just saying like oh really that's dope I
just made believe that I believed it so
I was like all sick you know triggers
cuz and then he said he did a track with
Chris Brown and then when the movie said
he did a track with Chris Brown that's
when I lost my yo like I was like
where's the track and he pulled out his
phone his phone has service and he was
like oh and I my phone got service and I
clearly saw on his phone that he had
service and I felt bad I mean like maybe
this maybe something's wrong maybe he
just like has like a maybe issues of
like lying I don't know why you don't
know story behind anyone so I didn't
know and then after a while you can see
he put his head down he felt kind of
ashamed and I was like girl bro you're
good bro you don't have to like tell me
like you know you're cousins with Drake
you did a track with Chris Brown too you
know to get my attention like that you
ready to get my attention the moment you
tell me that you watched my videos and
you know me you already got my attention
right there you don't got a you don't
got a lie and say you know these
celebrities because I don't know like I
felt like he thought I was like an
arrogant big-headed person and then he
had to say that so I can be like whoa
like together but I don't know he ended
up telling me I'm sorry and the only
reason why he mentioned those
celebrities name is
get my attention and I'm like dude you
already got my attention
no need be always be true to yourself
always be yourself don't lie don't
mention literally stuff about
celebrities to me cuz I can kill a just
be yourself and I see some of you guys
you guys even tweeting me like Adam you
have to understand sometimes we just
like we just want to say that to to make
you like us well be yourself literally
be yourself do not lie rather you be
straight up with me be yourself be you
because I want to know who you are I
don't want to know the lies or anything
you're saying and this is like the third
time something happen like this because
one of the first time something I guess
someone was like follow me on Instagram
and I was like okay I'll follow you on
Instagram but then they were like no
don't follow me only have 700 followers
and let that for you was probably like
like like I don't know you probably look
down on me says I have 700 follow and I
was like I do not care how much
followers you have I'll still follow you
if you support me I'll support you right
back I'll still follow doesn't matter
just because I have a million followers
on Instagram it don't mean shit
it don't mean nothing I'm a human being
just like you were all the same and be
true to yourself have fun with it laugh
smile and just you know just create some
memories that's what this whole
connection of me the do me getting have
I rather used to be you you know I'm
saying I'm sorry I just wanted to start
off the vlog by saying that I hope you
guys understand what I mean I hope you
guys I'm send a theme of this be
yourself and you know we can have a
little connection knows it well yeah
let's start a lock hey guys what's up
with doomy yang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so I'm having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day I'm heading right now to
Hamzah's house let's see what's up
the weather is becoming chilly again
summertime is over and I feel so so sad
I do not want summer to end I don't know
why is that this is a sad sad feeling
but I'm gonna go see Hamza hailey I'm so
excited see them I'm seeing it was so so
long so should be fun
Hey
what are you doing here huh the one time
I come Hamza is not here I had no clue
my son is here at the heels like all the
way Brooklyn my other cousins house but
all people here is hailey and Mawson and
everyone else is inside happens I
believe he's one of us in book who's
that
guys I everyone my whole family has been
showing me this and some of you guys
haven't showed me this there's
apparently this like boy who's like my
long-lost twin he's apparently my
brother my twin brother they're saying
he looks like me but I think I will see
it I don't see it so I want you guys to
tell me does this person really look
like me tell my it does succeed by the
eyes it looks nothing like me like know
that difference the eyebrows this boy
may his Instagram name - Adam Saleh
look-alike and his bio says his bio says
I am NOT Adam Saleh justin putter Rican
from Orlando Florida
everyone confuses me with Adam Saleh I
don't know this is confusing you guys
tell me does he really look like me or
does he not I don't I don't see it I
don't see I maybe see maybe a little
structures but I don't I don't I don't
know I don't think I don't think that my
whole family literally thinks it wasn't
said it wasn't says my name when he
looks at the picture then he officially
looks like me so he'll see how it goes
who's that Muslim yeah no snow
Moses who is that here That's not me
well who is that ah no example buzzer is
that what the heck is that looks nothing
like me no one does it Muslim that looks
nothing like me I am done they with this
do it guys it says he does in Orlando
Florida I might be going to Orlando
again 30,000 thumbs up and I'll try my
best to get in touch with this kid and
we'll see if you really might win really
looks like medium this sees other pics I
don't let's use other pictures what do
you think well I have no clue but this
looks completely nothing I refuse to say
this print well maybe there is because
they say in the world there's seven
people who are like identical and look
just like you but since Moses said Adam
I'm believing maybe Hades do it really
does look like I mean I'm just bugging
out know what I'm headed out highly I
came in as the first thing she said
about I'm a head I mother will see
sliver will cost about to go meet up
with slim and what cut but first I got
to stop on my favorite doughnut shop
guys that follow United oh my god I love
is ative my goal is growing that his
hair group is everything with you guys
so my decision will be super slut no I
was gonna do for so long Ben is that
missing because but guys we're all going
to be in Dubai
together it is gonna be it's gonna be
real great we make so much noise of it
but get really crazy and get ready um
yeah I have some surprises for you guys
that's it you know hello hey I got me a
s'mores going up ice not saying don't
you get some
three pebbles putting bubble and Oreos
and rounds was it eat this what does it
call the s'mores donut s'mores s'mores
donut so s'mores the high school's
eating if it's a chrome
phone oh yeah it's called the cronut
song so I eat it like this
yeah all right ready yeah I think I want
a chinois this big this big see you
having a total same time hmm he says
that after everything you know anything
they are sweating like the tops of taco
this is the same exactly right now I
have a lot time look I want oh yeah
cookie mmm and now but really take good
there's different levels of whom's that
I have there's a mmm there's a mmm mmm
mmm I'm with the homie face all right
here is I'm sorry mess out of you yeah
I'm ask you a couple questions all right
no more blogs all right let's see if
you're a true writer dive junior high so
high cool I already said it what do I
call my fans
actually I'm not sure
I'm do I do like you know watching some
pranks how do I was it starts with an A
Oh what do I call them
uh Adam Vance yeah I'm gonna start
testing you guys because a lot of you
guys say that you guys are like I'm a
writer that do me so I had to give you
guys a test to see if you guys were
either guys do me this guy I don't he
seemed like a rider that enemies and I
asked him a question and he kind of
failed to us I mean he was cool he's so
cool so he chatted to homie face on but
yeah you feel the G test you failed the
test
I'm gonna fail the test study hard study
harder where's he's fun and this you
slut something how long are you going so
why are you going away from me
I have a question about cus does this
guy look like me see I don't owe doesn't
look like I don't lose it exactly like I
do outside that is not I like it look at
nothing like huh that's you it that's
not moving n roll there's more pictures
we want it looks nothing like you guys
I've seen the pictures I've seen oh yeah
take a look take a malaya sagisawa be
honest oh that's a twin brother bro it
looks lawful like then alright guys so
you remember when I just lose my
sunglasses around seven to eight times
and it was called the atom syndrome well
guess what today slim losses $300
sunglasses
so the atom syndrome he's always laughed
out on me now what's called this is the
whole time I'm here but this is fish
either way no selfish I it's not Fisher
does it look pretty angle so sorry about
it's up to shop fish I fix with the
camera bro I'm trying to get a better
widescreen one that's even more clear
I'm vlogging by the way sorry how to say
what's up yeah I try to get a better one
I see which one is the best I think this
one looks really really good actually
yeah it's good that was good cuz it's
from Best Buy the other one I got was
from like a regular shot hammer oh I
feel so far within the camera yeah but
this one is clear you could just I just
be close and talk like this idea it's
perfect though
what do you like it it's really good I
like it huh what do you like to be just
missing me it's amazing yeah shot I said
that with you just meet yeah shot at
home he does meet right there I got the
freaking lens right here I got it
is it good what do you think yeah it was
really the whole thing I know yeah yeah
obviously the tripod guys I'm keepin I'm
trying to get the best quality through a
new crib well you see we mustn't prick
in the background shit I got finally got
this is sick oh I'm loving this guys get
ready for dope dope vlogs today's just a
little warmup Haley just a chill chill
day but tomorrow and so on and we go to
buy me some I'm being Michigan at least
some are gonna be in a lantern and oh
then Austria gonna be in Dubai
it's gonna be lifted a debate but they
divide event about a shorty l2 body the
world you get it ready no come on Ellis
Tate Belgium I you the world knocked out
Oh babysitting Lawson harima he came
back from work in his tired
this is the perfect time to shave his
beard
shaving
Oh chica be there because hot man
the bird is going up and she you bear
his gun about Thursday oh okay okay okay
go okay
was it is gone it buzzes peace you
bother ey you bubbles guys it was just a
joke I didn't really shave his beard I
wouldn't do that a lot of you guys were
mad at me because I shaved Yusuf's head
but I just did what his mom told me to
do and well she's my sister she told me
to do it and she's happy now this is mom
and it's just hair just save it if
someone does it to me of course I'll to
get crazy but if they did it as a prank
I guess he did it I'll get him back I'll
get him back even worse but hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey and please please please let me
know about this lens like he does like
it I love it so much this was the most
expensive lens I've ever gotten in my
life the other one was like whatever
this one is like the real legit legit
widescreen water with no fisheye nothing
stop oh my god huh say thank you adieu
be gay guys thank you guys so so much
for everything all you love picture oh
you said it you said it to me I'll see
you guys tomorrow
take care peace oh he knows it
Wow oh wait Scrat I love you I love you
so baby wanna be I know your father will
be proud of where you're gonna be
so don't let anybody tell you what
you're gonna be Oh baby you can have
anything
you
