hey guys what's up and do me yang I hope
you all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing so if I'm having
an amazing you all should be having an
amazing happy day and while also having
a brand-new day today
say what we're having a brand-new day
today say what and if I'm having an
amazing day you should be having an
amazing day cuz it's a brand new day
today say what what up that's the slider
minute row yeah um we're going to a
crazy water park today but me and slim
we left we left Harrison as upstairs
possessed still getting ready in the
meantime we're gonna go roll we're gonna
go eat real cooks we're so hungry so
means somewhere here waiting for food
and we're talking about the year 2016
it's been a crazy crazy we started to uh
sixty going like Dominican Republic and
the Scandinavia tour then like Mexico
and then like doing all these other
shows they're doing it's literally been
wild now we're in Canada has been
amazing amazing slap this year has been
like literally slat ohm's year it has
been wild in those days axle Miller they
talk about it
you're literally changed my life oh my
god literally teamollie
last year last year like everything was
just like calm and show this year has
been wild and crazy we're just so
thankful for you guys thank you guys
both of you guys who wouldn't be you
know living our life and doing what we
love for you guys making you guys now
and doing working hard and doing what we
do know I'm saying thank you guys so so
much ah so bringing Sodom to where we
are today so I got me a chocolate
milkshake
sometimes Oh what is he doing
schedule hunger the workers would come
in coming
Callens are so bad so bad I want it over
elevator pull the chicken nacho burger
so pretty much Mexican food and burger
you got me a nacho longer yeah nachos
and like tortilla was in a rush so we
just got done eating we're waiting one
of our homies to come through he's gonna
take us to the water park I don't even
know we go to the water park like four
o'clock right now we go to the water
park or no yes yes how did he have this
on the net we're all like we got our
like beach tennis allowed me to buy
short time Randy Mohammad and Sabrina
Mohammad what's up how you guys doing
thank you I love you too do we get to
meet your Muslim Fresno no no finally we
finally met now so that makes me happy
when I get to meet you guys now when I
could amigo they fell me baby
I think it's mom sadism yeah Sabrina
what's up guys I guys doing man so it up
to the block that's chillin I guess when
we met you at the hotel
oh yes twins yeah I miss you I missed
you more PJ's oh thanks man how you been
good I got us what I've got here with
the homie nabeel's it was good he's a
man of Toronto Rio the man of Toronto no
good reason
brother the fucking accent on the
gardener bros fucking stuck
bullshit 30 make the piece nipple taking
a pill yeah I got so we're not going to
the water park anymore because our homey
nipple said is gonna be too late and
it's kind of chilly today to it auto
park who's taking us to this place
called harbor front it's like a dope
boat spot what you're gonna chill out
have some fun we will see what's up and
explore some more of Toronto the last
tomorrow's lousy actually but it's the
last day and night right now Chlo come
water for you he's rocking a vlog is
this is basically a vlog you know I know
rains like a press call our guys you
know the good thing about hanging out
with Harris is like it's like he sings
really good my shuttle so whenever like
you get bored of the radio Harris it's
been a pleasure with these guys guys
that's what week not yet passed company
retarded he is the homie Susie and then
he's home in Toronto man we got to do a
dance together what you want to do hey
hey how's his voice is gone because I
don't know we've been skewed for the
roller coasters everything but this is
how he gets it back
I some right now I on a boat want a boat
taxi heading to another boat I don't
even know what the heck we're going to
be nipples taking us somewhere never if
you take us anywhere
crazy bad now this is a really nice
island well sure we're gonna go kayaking
travelers NZ netball bothers you just
made a signal done he's no poo no wait
go look go look is my nipple I never
came I forget a favor stop for a nipple
this is the where is it I'm dodging Amy
I'm scared every day she's reminiscing
and she can't even comprehend where the
time went
but I would seen her
how doesn't mesh yeah Jamie sheesh what
a beautiful name yeah met him he made me
now he's good
you got besties my man ha ha boosted is
arguing keep doing good right I'm gonna
keep watching your blocks my man keep
going turkey keep going thumbs up and if
I do me a message the truth are you
gonna tell Adam you won't tell me
because I know what message you imma
come and I'll fight them for you all
right okay all right I promise
I so mean Harris I having an argument
about Ariana Grande's Selena Gomez I'm
saying because you're just gonna you
just say any Gummy's gonna get Hales not
a silly Nokomis Alex it I don't know why
buy more of a Celina person than Ariana
he's area he's like in love with Ariana
Grande I'm not I'm just talking I'm
Selena zoom up your talent here Selena's
way more talent she doesn't need a tries
but both of them are good nose things no
hate no shade are nothing I love iron
around if you're watching this hair is
killer but Selena if you're watching us
hey I'll treat you better than Justin
you don't say guys today has been a fill
like we've been coming here everything
is already closed it's like 6 o'clock
around but I close at 7 so we're heading
back and I think we're just gonna go
bowling and have some fun but there's a
huge boat and look at this
what's up
he's driving too fast and a fast
now I tried to imagine and help her
since our works gonna be all right
ah
oh he's like the winner Fugazi whoa nice
it's like the minute we wallow
that's quite a gun what's up ruff was
good yeah bro so what hey I beat your
boy don't get it America I still really
cool I just get work mom here boy
Doggett oh you don't know a bit of life
may have realized or wasn't it Maurice
Maurice shadowed rivalry bro yeah man
bro you know the one on home alone yeah
what's his name something look home
killers I'm Mike Hogan hey when you got
it
still in front of the car in just one
since we got home Elona come home alone
mobile Oh beautiful I forgot whoo whoo
mama beat you up I'm gonna knock you up
and New York City laughing I wanna
icecap
we have to do something
Oh
what do you wanna do huh gosh I'm sorry
I love you thank you it's so sweet thank
you so we got that lady so so good but
she was so nice shocks a lady - mortix
big SMO what fried chicken fried chicken
baby who sounds like a chicken are we
going right now bowling the word
my guys
now we're gonna go your fried chicken
someone smells magic you don't believe
it you out there
go away up there I've this whole thing
you will not roll the soup comedy right
now okay glad you serious I know I know
you're gonna break some can you make it
up there I'm in the ball can you make it
all right I'll try oh no way it's not
worth it not even for the gram nice
you're not gonna make it I tell him
oh yeah
yo careful dark yourself man
oh he always easy to fall careful
careful careful careful and do it a
circle you can't do them something one
that can do it but you're not you're
gonna fall so hard we're gonna fall so
hard bro oh my god focus is your got you
you know okay well the focus is I don't
think you think they clean this stuff
damn well food from 0-2 man he touch you
geez kicking in from Canada so nice
something we love you Canada hey guys I
want Charles smile today you're all
beautiful people you right there in the
back you are gorgeous
don't let no one hurt you all right
Murphy was everyone he is laughing but
it wasn't here good it was the New
Yorker buddy got punched bro well the
lady with his dying
one reason why I said in the front
because you guys keep messing around me
is smack in my ear
and stuff like stop oh come on sit no
I'm not sit in the front they are in
England everyone stay in the front
razors yes ah come on bro see slit
nothing Harris all right bus Lemmy puts
his finger in his mouth and puts it in
my ear like it's disgusting rolling
ah stop
ah disgusting bro aerosol are you
subscribe radium we're going to go
go-karting and after that we're going to
play a little bit in arcade
I cannot believe Harris killed it in the
best future Kobe Bryant it Cobra fellas
cream
oh you got home oh wait
oh okay guys it's time to wrap up this
vlog I hope you all enjoy survived if it
did make sure you bet it thumbs up and
go Turkey and leave a huge thumbs up if
you guys want me to pull something crazy
on one of these people outside give you
huge huge thumbs up let me know in
comments below
of now I'm heading to New York City in
less than 24 hours thank you guys so
much boy level support it has been a
crazy wild adventure here in Canada
meeting thousands and thousands and
thousands of you guys's exploring the
city has been amazing thank you guys so
so much I'll see you guys tomorrow man
take care ere pitch I like so baby
please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be part of where
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be
Oh baby you can have anything you want
I can't replace them but baby I've cried
it be
