his eyes are open
what you got son so I need you to watch
this video I need you to watch this
video with me yes it's serious
all right it's serious ah wait man
let's call I need all right I need you
it's serious are you to come yeah yes
yes yeah five minutes hey guys what's up
a doobie gang I hope y'all haven't get
amazed a because I'm having an amazing
day so if I'm having an amazing day you
all should be having an amazing happy
day sir I'm gonna have anyways this
of course I am you are got something
here move it move it move it move it
alright guys so today is gonna be a
different video it's something that
we're gonna be watching and asking it
it's pretty crazy slim hasn't seen it
yet it's pretty wild and I cannot
believe what the heck happened slim I'll
put you to blame to this and the reason
I put slim to blame is because this kid
looks exactly like you like it literally
a clone of you you look lonely yes how
he's a cute kid you reacted to one of
his videos thank you my son that kid
that you so call your son he mini some
vacation maybe his channel is his
channel name is called MIDI slim
application and usually I never like I
never react like these types of videos
but I watched it and it was it was I
didn't I would say like relieved even it
was funny it was hilarious he roasted
him so he rose here he roasted visit
Isla did he tell him huh rely on some
shit did you tell him stories his eyes
on them say hola hola I watch the video
ready but we're gonna watch it again and
I want slim here to watch for me because
up I smile but tell your son soft and
beau good job damn my son roasted I'm so
proud of my sort of got all of us here
we're gonna watch the video together and
gonna come to a conclusion what we're
gonna do we'll see you yeah when it come
to what is it
inclusion that's what I said conclusion
conclusion conclusion conclusion you
single - J roses s I went hot I don't
know why even when I say like Malaysia
whatever they keep thinking I'm saying
I'm wrong let's continue on and let's
get to the video so it doesn't mean
don't see it was me say that was me that
was you still owe me one of ours he does
I mean he was going into everything I
saw Adam real blamer
who was at aka to blame and who was it
who was it tells you we're gonna get to
the video and yeah ready swatches I'm
excited I'm not excited to go I don't
know why we slid guys to be honest down
I didn't really want to react to this
video because I did I don't really want
to give like stuff like this attention
but I find that really is so hilarious
like literally so funny that I wanted to
share it with with you also um and a lot
of people have been roasting me lately
like I'll be I've been making videos
roasted me and but this one I think is
by far the funniest one so ah this guy's
subscribed to slim he's got me all why
don't we acting this video he was scrubs
he was scared to you and Fugees that's
it he was described to me oh he's an IE
subscribe to me it is yeah shout out to
the homie part so the video is called
roasting Adam Saleh as around 2000 views
that's the most view to do that is most
viewed video because I mean I hated me
this video he's made his video recently
because when I reacted his chatter when
I reacted in his channel he will had
four videos up and this video was in one
of them so you know well now I should
you told him right some be honest I
swear this home shit like I mean oz said
while I didn't tell him well a little
nothing he's truly mini slim this is
cool man like what is there a mini Adam
out there I have a visit mini slim like
little mini please the only is what a
mini Adams that yeah what a mini anima
yo I don't know I didn't think I'd meet
up and become meetup mini slide on but
no no he roasted me so many Adam nice
roses too though how are you - so
where's my I don't appreciate
listen you need a mini Adam not to roast
me that one he'll be sick yeah it's nice
to get ready and see see how it goes
ready see ya this is a ready already
it's Chris go
so what's my job
he's from Chicago okay now I know why
you live bro Nene said I know where he
lives but bro you using my in Chaucer's
my son right there
imagine is a mini Adam saying if I'm had
any mates there you should be here
rota someone out there no job helix
using my end show he looks exactly looks
like me to am so late
oh this time Adam we kind of all slim to
water travels me hold that does not
matter tear warfare oh yeah never know
I'm I see you one day
no oh okay okay okay so what he said he
said geez I got more fans that's me you
can't beat you I didn't say it I like
the confidence
I haven't definitely my son and about
having me said letter said without some
other roses it man I just started with
me huh I didn't do anything I asked you
but there are nothing man
all I've been doing just everything is
just like making people smile with you
know I don't want to best for any one
man but they mess with me mannequins
then if they mess with me and I mess
with do me gang it's it's game time for
this kid none I can't miss what my son
that's my son oh I don't care if he's
your son that's my son I don't care if
you decide don't mess with my seed bro
that's my seat I will watch what he did
see look what your son did to me huh
look what you said it's okay
oh boy - lets go
let me probably cry let me sit what was
he saying I only understood volleyball
and and like homies are like no no it
made no sense
he's a cute kid he's looking but you
broasted repeat what he said he's like
yo uh you think you beat me in
basketball you can't beat me a
volleyball match let him know little ooh
what did volleyball have to lose
anything but that's real shit us real
rapid but what's other stuff he said
he's they go you were born out of a
dolphin I was born out of a dolphin you
could use like a dog I'm a dude oh you
got easy yet off his head
he's about do freestyle buddy yeah but
he sees dislikes oh man this is zooms
like 10,000 likes you got a different
hollow what is he so do it bro he just
said he's doing another rap of top of
his head and he pulled out a paper like
this friggin this is literally slipper
oh he's the type of guy to like me like
I'm on the head of freestyle and pull
out a paper and literally what those
confusing I loved his kid he's awesome I
love it too but you why you the most to
me man why me why I do nothing to him he
said cuz you roasted me he's your boss
is slim but you rose to me first
I never still have my back Minnie sling
got my back where's Minnie Annabeth
ain't no Minnie I don't have your back
guys the mini Adams all the Adam Sala
look-alikes like can I help me yeah yeah
just like dude young you guys are just
like they're doing nothing like me man
you love this consumer that's really
good oh I will I will
no that's my son that's my son bro hey
give us his son Bo
slow step let me get it said let me get
up long as my son don't you he's young
child nice appreciation huh
take your mini certification what wrong
what give me this yeah no let me get up
so nobody sees this young boy what
Minnie slim
I got you better love is almost if I go
to Chicago wash we got him up I'm gonna
rub me to jail and bring him I'll be in
Chicago with you and imma bring this kid
are we gonna square up we gonna shoot
the motto I'm gonna take him out I'm
taking about to Toys R Us
no meat over here I'm just showing the
world your mini slam I got you know I'm
gonna spoil you they always throw you in
my love I'll buy everything mini slim we
gonna fight we fight but seriously all
jokes aside this kid was so cute and
he's he made my day like you so bro he's
so voice I got this video I'm have a
replay sir I know so hopefully this mini
simplification you seriously made my day
but but too much this is the conclusion
the conclusion conclusion the conclusion
comes loaded house ready you ready
leave idiot radius kid is around whose
age some kid from the atom solid family
hamsa nope John yeah who and what is
Japan all the Rolston rested he is the
he's won a very slim visa valid
Janel is what the roast Prince the
roastmaster Prince now he's the ropes
King over here a slim I'll promise you
if German
watches this video it's going literally
gonna be game over so imma get demand
which is some he's a mini Adam guys
thumbs up if this video gets 30,000
thumbs up I'm gonna getcha man to watch
this video and I'm gonna get him to do
his roast in this track on mini
simplification I don't don't know I'm
doing it soon if he's not doing I'm
doing that somebody slim I'm jumping in
high then it's gonna be a whole brawl
it's Mia war it's kid roasting me so bad
man yeah man it's so freakin bad but so
I get it's all love you know so I love
Minnie's miscarriage a man you made a
wrong decision Jim man is gonna come to
you soon Jimmy I'm scared of Jim and Jim
and he whispered something in my ear
last time when I finally showed him he's
back in the box
and it wasn't something good it wasn't
man it wasn't so many Simplification
you're coming for a treat anyways I'm
gonna wrap up the video right now so I
really hope you guys enjoyed the video
if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey thank you guys
so much for your love and support I do
not know why some is trippin right now
but if you guys want to check out slim a
vacation the real certifications on your
own yeah you guys go you go check him
out subscribe to him and show him some
love because he uploads daily just like
me oh and you know slide them all the
way it's still always thought them so
yay hey do the side of their most out of
this universe and I don't know slide
them dance to the side here notice I'm
dance on the slide of Dance
hey it was bad I'm there thank you guys
so much for the support truly means the
world and yeah we're gonna be in Florida
for the next couple days and then after
that me and slim organ
we're headed to Dubai as slums first
time in Dubai show you how to buy you
the world listen just stop just stop I'm
sick no one stop stick up I made it up
like last week you didn't make it up
that's why me that's been like people
have been using it I saw on Twitter so I
mean yeah guys I'll see you guys some
more thank you guys all for your love
and support truly means the world and
yeah I love you guys take care her
pictures I love you I know so baby
please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of her
you're gonna be so don't let any
I tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want for me
