do me a I take back what I said in
Michigan is a beautiful beautiful state
because right now we're at this
beautiful place it's near Detroit
Dearborn it is a lake house
Mobe took us to Lake House to one of his
friends lake house and it is beautiful I
was like what's the lake house he's like
it's a house that's near a lake and I'm
like oh I've never seen something like
this at my life it's crazy so nice it's
so nice quiet in his chill his friend
got jet skiing really owns jet skis
mashallah and you got canoe canoeing and
there's also a boat so we're trying to
decide which one we should do first but
at the same time we don't want to like
we're scared of like something happens
we fall in the water because we're gonna
be using a lot of cameras a lot of
phones so the first thing we're gonna
we're gonna test it out we're gonna go
on a canoeing first with no phones and
Nokia specially my camera my camera fell
were number seven yeah Cameron over the
hell we keep it on number six but I'm
gonna walk but I'm gonna walk in this
whole rocks with it this is beautiful
this is this is life badly literally
this is like a wall it's a long walk
look at this look how far it is that's
ready hey guys what's up a doobie gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day
me right here
now that you know
about her reaction you driving too fast
in the fast lane when they happen no
should I get in the water
hmmm looks dirty oh well screw it I
don't know if I'm making a bad decision
because whenever I go even though this
is not that deep but when I go in water
like something that always happens
ahh ready oh oh my god it feels so icky
guys Oh guys the lake water is like
literally what am i doing ah man this is
nasty oh oh the fish this is this
Virginia this freakin fish oh my god one
of it touched my leg was so scary
we're gonna go it's the first time I'm
going canoeing alone with no safety
guards or nothing so this is why we got
to keep you like a extra safe so we're
gonna try it out I got away the vest I
got away the safety of us cuz safety
becomes first I'm not I repeat I am not
bringing in my black camera into the
water the water was one in there kind of
like oh you definitely take the water
out yeah ready cycle okay
oh hi so we got all the water out inside
the canoes um doesn't look like a good
idea to do this but there might be even
police around here and you need some
kind of like license what's your jet
skiing but we should notice we got this
all right guys
wish us luck hi guys I'm in the freakin
water right now with a freaking fish
touch all along you okay yo dude about
the fault of them y'all be careful
you got a balancing I'm in the water
right now
with a freaking fish are going on my
feet but it's not that deep right now so
once I get a little deep I'm gonna put
the camera suicide I'm not our pee I'm
not gonna take it a problem is I'll try
now fricassee whoa-ohh border but y'all
this thing is harder than the legs ready
to go
would you like that where we do Oh
number four now open the hole that's it
I kind of like
the bottle up my water-filled climb
alright guys so movie settle like a lot
of times and I feel bad that I'm scared
now
I'm gonna try to do it oh this thing is
dangerous but I'll tell you especially
being in Lake and alligator will come
hello ready I'm doing it I'm doing
are you getting the hang of it huh
you're gonna hang it
okay so canoeing alone in the middle of
the lake all the way down there is not
our pee is not a good idea it's
literally so dangerous
Mobe fell in the middle of the lake and
he had to like literally swim all the
way back was so scary scary situation
because someone can literally hurt
themselves in that situation but I tried
my best through I did a little right I
think let's just stick to jet skiing I'm
gonna just congestion so we ended up not
going jet skiing because the jet skis
were not charged but we did canoeing
canoeing was a fail but I had to shower
dress up because I'm heading to go to
Orlando in a few and this is my first
time ever flying first class I never
ever fly first class cuz I was you know
I like being normal like doing whatever
I don't like being on top of someone
like you know like yeah I'm first class
but this is the first time I'm hooked up
to go to first class with Delta so
hopefully let's see how it goes
hopefully meaned else I got a good
connection I'm saying not like American
Airlines cuz you know never ever take
American Airlines because that's you
know that's the motto okay do me and so
I'm in the car right now about to go I'm
gonna visit a fan first and then go to
the airport but when we came in here I
saw let me tell you guys right out this
part of Michigan the amazing late lake
part it's like it's an area where like
there's like a bunch of like rednecks
bunch of skin as much a bunch of like
people who are like for Trump in America
so a bunch of like racist racist people
so this the house over here which I
don't really wanna show much it's like
it's terrabona I think Lebanese Lebanese
a Lebanese owner and um did the guy is
it I got to do a slow key there's this
guy right across the building literally
he put his team Trump sign right towards
our face cuz he knows that the owners
are up so i'ma show it to you guys right
now I gotta be super low-key but it's so
messed up like this is good today really
think in November Donald Trump's King
Owen trying to show it right here
do you guys see it this got literally
pointed the Trump he's right there
right in front of our face right there
do you see that so let me say goodbye to
the lake get to the ducks out here to
the backyard to the swing in chairs to
everything goodbye goodbye
I'll miss you canoe I miss you jet skis
I'm gonna miss everything over here with
the enemies the a mini family hey what's
up guys come through me now this is deep
I'm in Dearborn right yeah born right
this is Dearborn right here he wanted to
take me to a place called what she she
was she was so yeah mini restaurant you
have any arrests it but I'm leaving but
next time I'm here I said it last time
he said a nice time will I promise yeah
thank you promise okay thank you bombers
you'll take me to Shiva's they gotta go
to sheet Waterford yeah watching so you
know we're gonna do that go ahead yeah
what's the matter is we got white boy
the whitest Yemeni you'll see my muscle
oh good me one more time what
mashallah mashallah yeah you ready no I
got to do it a guy he's wanted in five
states so you can't really you know you
gotta keep a little chick I want to tell
you guys to do me getting stop stop
tryna Rose times alright so don't worry
she's back yeah how's the dope way shot
of Amoroso I'm or close it already
keep your shirt on yeah let's do the
challenge ready mean you're gonna speak
Arabic right now one word not one word
English ready over speaks English they
lose all right
yella ready set go sorry what I've
decided I'll do the ceremony person
cover I'm still a man I decide man I
decide I'm telling mr. Elliot a
legitimate muscle mass Ilana did I say
nicer I think I said that's it nice to
have you around to Brownsburg guys I'm
literally so sad because today was an
amazing day in Michigan but we have to
leave
well Eliza one lovely Robo have you say
to you so much about their then I'll
slim yeah he could have a mad at you
sleep still game bro Sheila came to
Michigan but I'm gonna see him I'm
a-goin third wheel a little bit and I'm
saying I'm back senior
and finally at the airport and this is
my first time ever flied first class the
best thing is I have my own line for the
luggage where you can literally skip the
whole line this is like the best feeling
ever
oh yeah I don't know yet you have the
breath yeah I need this one the bag for
the boarding pass this is my first time
going first class oh yeah I'm excited
yep
forty-two times not even joking took me
like 10 seconds to put my luggage in and
first class just feeling good I got my
thingy and I'm gonna skip the whole
security longer that everyone is there
it buddy
I'm just go away I made it through
security literally two minutes it took
me two minutes because someone who fund
me was so slow but our time at eight I
am at this lounge right now where you
can get like anything coffee food free
food for everything I take a shower here
you can freaking sleep here if you want
but I was gonna chill here I got some
coffee right here and it's a good place
because I can edit right here this is
seriously so relaxing first class when
I'm flying first class
a penis gun I'm finally out of lounge
and walk it to my gate and I think I'm
gonna be hopefully on the first one and
because that was like this is like one
of my dreams coming true being the first
one in the plane so I am the second
person
and that is because the first one was a
lady with a wheelchair
always gotta respect their elders you
can't let no that's just distance but we
gotta let them elderly first so someone
just got here and is really really
comfortable I'm gonna Orlando I got like
pillows blankets only like an hour and a
half like huge
I know how fearful being in that
position is like walking through it's
literally so annoying I just landed in
Orlando
I was the second one out once again
because someone when I was trying to be
first but yeah because know if his first
class you should be first in everything
not second but not experience was the
experience is good you pretty much like
first class with Delta first class
inside of America it's not as great as
first class is like when you're
traveling outside of the country because
you get like literally bad seats this
one was just the seat is private like
six seven inches bigger and everything
through you're one of the first people
to go out you're one of the first people
to go in and you're one of the first
people to go through the lines one of
the first people to get your luggage so
that's that's what I love about it I
think that's what I love the most cuz
I'm literally like always like I'm
always on the go I'm such a New Yorker
like I want to go everything real quick
so that's what I love I got my luggage I
got my luggage and literally like you
could say three or four minutes I'm
ready to go and I don't know today
today's just a fancy day you know that
I'm feeling I feeling all fancy so nice
Escalade
nice to see
thank you so and we is out sure to go
see what is up I'm gonna go see slim in
a few I seriously do not know where the
heck I'm at but I'm about to go meet up
with some right now but I'm gonna end
the vlog here so we can keep some as a
surprise tomorrow thank you guys so much
for my level support
I appreciate you as every single that
you guys made it to the end of life make
sure your thumbs up have an amazing Eid
spend it with your family spend it with
everyone and show them so much love but
now see you guys tomorrow
take care hello honey oh it was good I
was ISM change myself hey guys a hi mom
hi done guys finally see mom and dad
guys oh my god hi let me leave your kid
along like this so baby please be who
you wanna be
I know you're
we'll be part of who you're gonna be so
don't let anybody tell you what you're
gonna be Oh baby you can have anything
