today is a big day guys it was rimas
first day in school and it wasn't just
something what it wasn't just a school
an ordinary school that she went to like
a baby school it's this school that she
goes to it's like
she's getting big it went horrible with
her but I'm gonna talk about it later
but let me tell you guys first 19 years
ago I went to the school and had my
first day of class and now today Rima
has her first day of class here who
would have thought who would have
thought that we would go to the same
exact this is crazy
19 years ago I went to the school was so
different I had nothing here at all
I had basketball basketball courts now
has a soccer field before was a really
bad school now it's a really really good
school and Rima goes to it and she's
gonna tell you guys having wet she is
really really mad because she misses all
her friends at her other school was just
a baby school now she's starting what
grade you in now Rima here in what
you're not in fifth grade be more greedy
Remo a greedy one pre-k kindergarten kid
me buddy she's in kindergarten and she's
acting like it's white I'd like a
two-year-old huh Rima why is your book
bag bigger than yourself
what the heck even have in there let me
see
oh you have a folder that says Remus all
a you have this thing is huge
and a sweater what the heck Rima that's
all you got in your book bag no I know
what's in here
that's all you got how they had a
computer in there you should be happy
are you going to the school I went to
the school nineteen years ago two
decades ago I was in the school and I
was the size of Rima and Irene was going
to this is like a legendary thing but
Rima tell them why dude why do you not
like this school Rima you can make new
friends I'm sure they have fun in the
school because I had so much fun so if I
have fun you should have fun right how
did it go how is everyone there frito
who tell me
alright guys I think I'm gonna have to
take Jay to help the girl try to help
you hi guys this is gonna be a big issue
I'm gonna have to pick you up at school
every single day now room well when I'm
not here I'm gonna let my little brother
pick you up and take care of you because
this school I'm gonna give you guys a
fun fact remember when I was going
through all the racism and like when I
was younger school it was this school
this is the school that i went through
crazy stuff this is the school where
someone pulled my mom's had a ball this
is a school where someone threw a rock
at my mom but the thing is it changed so
much that it's literally ranked one of
the best schools that used to be really
bad when I was there but don't worry I'm
100 percent sure the schools really good
now
Reema she's Reema herself she's she's
the mean one I blame her it's you you're
the mean one you heard
yes you are got to be good look look at
you see you're getting angry she's
getting angry why are you getting angry
huh because why
Reema
smile you can smile for me smile smile
hey today is another big day because
we're throwing
rimas party and Mawson's birthday party
but right now I'm gonna be focusing on
taking Rima taking care Rima
I took her home from school today but I
need it like I need to get like my
brother's to pick her up from school
every single day because I do not one
thing I do not want its Rima to go
through what I went through what me my
brothers went through in this school
because it was the worst ever in my life
and I want anyone anyone out there was
growing up as a Muslim I want all of you
guys to you know not go through what I
went through I went through the craziest
craziest thing me a lot of you guys know
about it there's a lot of move you got a
lot of new people of you guys who don't
know so you guys let me know should I
mention it like do a whole video a whole
story on it or should I just leave it
aside and just mention out my shows but
sometimes I only just mesh it on my
shows but Rima you're gonna be a good
girl right look look at me anyone messes
with you right that's what you're gonna
do
we're playing here like this good like
this
then you go and then you call me okay
yeah you can't you don't have what well
you better find some way to call me
so muslin is crying you want to sit next
to my dad Muhsin don't try that at home
kids you can get a big big ticket for
that well my dad is crazy in his way to
a nice get the bag Remo Remo look at me
looking very pretty
y'all gone huh oh said muslin what's up
with you cry-baby
driving after like 20 minutes Marcin is
finally not crying he wanted to sit in
the driving seat he wanted to drive
why do you want God but now he's quiet
because he's driving here
this dude is 2 years old and wants to
drive he's literally crying his lungs
out because he wants to drive and I've
never seen anyone like that
this is like a sick this is an addiction
that he's putting on the seat but he's
ready to drive plus it might be a NASCAR
driving racer but he's armor ready daddy
wasn't okay let's go so we're having
Marcin and Remus birthday party here in
Czech the cheese I hate having birthday
parties here because we've had so many
birthday parties here in the so ratchet
I rather do my ratchet birthday party
but they want chunky cheese but they
love him so much
but it's all good my whole family's
coming through right now and it should
be a nice fun day you guys having fun
look out smart as a Muslim he knows how
to play this game and when he wins the
tickets he gets it and he's so happy and
he gives it to Rio washes washes ready
he even knows how to start the game
watch this he knows how to start it here
what is this
look at this he knows how to put it yeah
he's doing it so guys the family slowly
coming what's up where was I holy shit I
know I didn't agree out did I give you I
got CD C hard yeah I said I've ever seen
you for so long
there was a devout what never say no
that's an old joke he's saying what are
those - my easy first of all it's a joke
second of all you can't roast me I don't
either rotor smashes
well you can't roast I've missed you say
it how's the wedding obviously the habit
of a solo but we've been at home huh
don't work it out good
hey you got no shit oh I like I like an
EVC oh that's a nice you have those two
okay have you got the shooter misses oh
yeah I got them - never were here in the
basketball court I always got to try to
beat the high score ready yes
45 ready to beat it ready to beat it
Oh
Oh
fifty-two
last one baby come on baby big fun soon
come on let's go else takes four small
that's five snow harder no don't take it
what is my favorite part
Pizza gonna make them away hungry
Wow who's that Dino did you eat the cake
Oh
Oh cereals know me was it
Hasani Mimas head mimosa eat me my
love's and go hi guys it's time to wrap
up this vlog I hope you all enjoy spike
did make sure give it a thumbs up and go
turkey from Austin and Remes birthday
party and finally celebrating a Rhema
finally started school thumbs up thank
you guys so so much for your love and
support
every single day I'm leaving to Michigan
after tomorrow and then after that I'm
off to Orlando and then I'm back to New
York and then I'm heading to the by is
gonna be a crazy couple weeks so stay
tuned for that and I cannot wait to
bring you guys with me take care her
peace I'll see you guys tomorrow do me a
I love you so baby please be who you
wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody
Oh baby you can have anything you want
from me
