you know we have we fix it hey guys
what's up you're doing I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing it you all should be having an
amazing happy day I'm heading back home
you chat after the Hilton for letting us
stay one night here I mean slim we're
just chillin we came really late they
let us stay for a night someone's going
to go his way home I'm going to go my
way home
the thing about me slim we see each
other in a couple hours but those couple
hours hurts man it's a long time man
Oh
hey do me a I'm finally home my sentry
mother coming in a few minutes I'm gonna
Surprise them in a few minutes but I
gotta tell you guys something and I know
I said that I will like not get into
this gaming app or anything but I
finally made a Pokemon go the only
reason why I made it because I'm my way
back from the hotel to hear my uber
driver convinced me to get that so I
made it but then he showed me this
website which is a dope dog website
where you can literally skip to any
level you want and I got to skip to
level 30 so right now I just started and
I'm in level 30 look I'm on freakin
level 30 and I came with like so many
items it's like a GTA it's like a GTA
cheat code I just got it cuz it saved me
a lot a lot of time so if anyone who
wants to go on level 30 or level 50 1110
you can go to the link down below only
costs like a few bucks is like getting
it from an app someone but only cost a
few bucks if you guys wanna get Pokemon
go cheat code it's right here
I hope slim doesn't watch this vlog so I
can go to him and be like look I'm at
level 30 I'm about to go catch some
Pokemon and I'm also about to go catch
Rima and Mawson so I haven't even seen
my dad yet I'm waiting to see him and
I'm kind of worried because the video
the this so I'm gonna film the reaction
because a lot of you guys wanted to see
his reaction was I see him so I'm still
waiting and if you guys do not know my
mom is in hedge I haven't seen her for a
couple weeks and she's not gonna be here
too a couple weeks and the house is
literally so dead so dead with ours so I
feel I'm not filled down my mom miss you
I miss you
Rima never seen her since she was four
years old and now she's five years old
Rima have you ever see someone happy
right that happy late birthday I'm sorry
I couldn't be here I was a die baby
you're 2 years old ever seen him since
he was 1
oh my god Rima is 5 Boston is 2 and I
haven't seen them I haven't seen these
brats for so long other stuff so much
I'm sorry what did you miss me much it
missed me to inject and
to hunt a victim oh you miss you miss
your grandma - yeah which is my mom what
did he tell my What did he say
get the huh now what did she tell you
she told she's gonna come back one
season whew
I told him to come back to this she
lists it hey listen she said okay she's
gonna yeah but he didn't come back so my
mom told her that she that she's gonna
go to hatch for two days and come back
cuz Remos crying when she left then
after that she didn't come back in two
days
does it make you sad when you miss her
Wow it does who is she your grandma what
or my mom which one was what I put a
stick ah if your mom and then my mom
it's your mom and my mom would though
Muhsin he has it ah let's do it hasn't
change he's still hitting the camera
you're still hitting cameras you're
still being mean and you're still
fighting people why do you do that huh
why oh why oh man this dude is freaky
would stop okay give me a kiss yeah Baba
mwah ah should be nice for once be nice
nice ah oh oh what you guys do for your
birthday
nothing nothing why my dad wanted to do
it and and and the pop the bug is boring
I want I want to do it in turkey cheese
it's a Karima oh you're five you're big
now you didn't need a birthday party I
want to know you don't need a birthday
party Reema you don't need a birthday
party - I'm like a mouse and he's
outside you don't need a birthday party
so we're gonna see what we're gonna get
Marcin and Rima for the birthdays
hopefully it's good oh you're so cute
hopefully it turns out good and we'll
see how it goes
ah now when they hear birthdays and
gifts now they want to give me like
kisses and stuff he's not hitting me or
nothing I would say what you got a mouth
ah oh she knows moe okay stop sex yeah
yeah uh candy uh
oh yes Ken do
because they do sometimes eats like
random like Kalle here my name is like a
puppy goodies doing muscle aren't you
painting huh
hey Sally no maybe you can see when I'm
put you're praying
huh good job me okay good job three more
to never must enter Reema listen to the
man they go straight to praying they
like you but now they're just doing like
yoga or something I don't know but just
met up my older brother he is gonna be
work I think is working in the mornings
now look he's gonna be working in the
mornings out so you guys gonna see him a
lot at nighttime so you should be
beautiful you know you know what I will
do today right no you're not gonna do no
it's do you know what I'm gonna do today
what are gonna do I'm gonna shave
Yusuf's head no way there's no clue but
after a while there might be something
if you go to sleep good look at this
road it was like Hagrid from freaking
Harry Potter but you know you guys will
not believe what happened in my room so
I have so much clothes in my room I have
this whole closet right here that does
so much clothes that I had it couldn't
fit here and when it was here this whole
little pole will break like it literally
broke down and tear down this whole
cabinet so my sister was kind enough she
bought me a whole new cab cabinet to put
all my extra clothes in here so all my
extra clothes are in here and in here
and what sucks is I just got this a
couple days ago and Riemann wasa I
already broke this I do not know how but
I think Mawson threw something at the
mirror and it broke it completely like
broke but it's all good my whole room is
like I have a cabinet two cabinets and I
just gotta fix this one right here the
thing is I do not want to fix much
because we are moving out real real soon
we're just waiting on all the approval
and everything like that which takes a
couple months something's gonna you guys
gonna have to bear with me till a couple
months we go to the new house and I'm
gonna have like a whole studio whole
floor to myself and it's gonna be so so
sick
SiC and so dope and I cannot wait for
that but you gotta be patient and wait a
couple couple months Bobby into vistas
house I'm gonna miss it so so much
this house is legendary muscle they're
gonna make memes off you like this
they're gonna make memes off you yeah
put it like that guys guess who I'm with
I'm with the one and the only mid woman
I'm like I can't give you the phone he
wants my phone because you want to throw
because because the text that I gave him
but I'm so good you don't miss me yeah
did you ask your lucky day everything
yet give me the horn I'm not gonna give
you the phone let's go I need that phone
do you do you miss mom yeah guys the
most person who misses my mom is my dad
she has it like so much in math okay
y'all go get food thank you you're gonna
flag up the camera okay that look I ever
get have it her you want to talk to our
mom yeah
you just spoke to habitat he's talking
about brother ionizer you rates folks
her you want to speak to every minute
one more time one more my dad is a
definition of like oh right yeah one
more time you wanna speak to Amazon yeah
love go love you this is is the face of
love my dad has more paint like they
both have a lot of pain in their bodies
and my dad has more pain so he couldn't
make it a Saudi so my mom ended up going
with her brother so it's really sad my
dad really wanted to go but he couldn't
make it he misses it so much
how long has it been since you've seen
others old and ago you miss her so much
yeah he's been in a bad mood cause he
missed her mom come back yeah mom come
back what all right guys so today me
well realizing the Frank and Ed Martin
we're gonna be pranking my nephew Yousef
which is their cousins so my oldest
sister which is Yusuf's mom she is dying
for Yousef to get a haircut so I called
him earlier I'm like hey let me cut your
hair for the vlog you know it'll be good
let me just cut a few and he said no he
told me that he decided he does not want
to cut it until after winter time that
he won't he needs his hair to keep him
warm till after the wintertime so I'm
gonna be doing my oldest sister a favor
and cutting his hair hi guys my nephew's
have just came
to say what was guess up everyone hi
doing and I'm mad at him because he did
not want me to shave his hair I actually
wanted to shave his hair for the vlog
and his mom wants him like once it saves
gone no but it took me one whole year to
grow this house so and you want to just
cut it are you crazy you wanted to cut
it took me one whole year but you Manta
to cut it so I know BOM thinking about
it and like and the winter is coming up
anyway so so it's got any good leave me
good if I have this hair and the wind is
coming up it's gonna be good no what do
we do polar bear now no but well you
know how bears bears have hair so they
stay warm so you're a bear now I'm a
bear but we're gonna have a chill-out
fun day today I were gonna vlog and see
what goes out you guys ready hi guys a
couple hours later right now so with the
kids babysitting them I'm waiting for
him to sleep but he does not want to
sleep and it's like 9 10 o'clock right
now and he has class early in the
morning tomorrow so I don't know he
decides to be a so this what I'm gonna
do we're gonna pretend that I'm doing a
vlog challenge video where I'm gonna
give him an extreme makeover and like
fix his hair or braid his hair but what
he does not know is I'm gonna pull out a
razor and just shave his whole head
Yussef I know you don't want this but
Adams family wants this and they want
your hair gone so our hair is gonna be
gone
are you guys ready yeah
Mawson you ready yeah Shh give you do me
a kiss good luck is good luck is good
luck kiss okay what the heck you guys
messed up the screen to Yousef is coming
in a couple minutes he thinks that I'm
gonna be doing a challenge video from a
vlog channel and yeah he thinks I'm
gonna give like an extreme makeover cute
challenge oh he doesn't know is that
this is gonna be plugged in and I'm just
gonna shave it all off right away or I
might use the scissors I don't know
what's gonna do it all depends on when
he's here and I gotta see I just gotta
see how it goes I'm so nervous
wish me luck and let's let's do this
thumbs up let's do this hey guys what's
up ado me gang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day today I'm gonna be giving
Yousef an extreme makeover I'm gonna fix
up his what's up what the heck is that I
am brother huh that was Reema's iPad she
has something where she go find her iPad
I didn't even know you could do that by
iPhone you know what that is I don't
know but I didn't I didn't know they
could do that but yeah I'm here to give
you some an extreme makeover I'm gonna
change up his whole style his whole like
hair around here I'm just gonna fix it
up make a dopes hopefully it sounds like
great ready I'm ready
are you excited yeah make it I don't
know just making us both crazy
what the heck it is oh yeah look I don't
like like this oh let me do my job
let me do my job like a mop like this
bro bro you look like this dude looks
like mold from the Three Stooges what
the heck is that it is you know what he
here is long man this softer heels like
an emo Rock starring uh whip your hair
back over go ah who's gonna hook up your
hair okay I should give you a little
like a man bun and I'm gonna change up
your shirt your pants but first let me
give the man bun real close okay all
right do you have a knot we get this is
right
I look how huge his main one is what the
heck that's crazy I can't say it all
right now I'm gonna uh welcome let me
fix the size real quick exercise fix the
beard um maybe shave up on your beer
problems and Gemma now I really did it I
didn't get beard I did my day my beard
bro you're denying the request to
Barbara Adam I know but I did it say
yeah factory there's me alright so um I
have a dis close your eyes
I'm gonna fix up your hair for a bit I
want it to be like a surprise close your
eyes it won't be an extreme makeover if
you're freaking like caviar how does it
close it how long on bows before
just give a close loop I'm just gonna
fix it I'm a Brady a little bit in the
back Oh make it make it like one yeah
I'm great I just get whatever do this to
her vice is so like most crazy I don't
know like it's like hollow you put hand
on your hair no you did approachable
shampoo and conditioner shampoo
conditioner yeah let's go and pull this
in a little bit I'll hold up my butt
fire this yeah put it down so good for
you here now pull that hard yeah yes
good you know we had we fix it we fix it
um ah yo yo yo yo yo my hair
are you kidding what the fuck Adam Adam
what Adam is not a funny I don't know
funny
yo I could suppose yeah I'm God so you
do the hair bro whatever I do you better
go back in here ha ha I had to do it I'm
doing your mom a favor
she's my sister Harris gosh I know you
just got you have to let me shit man no
just make it this size usually you have
let me see values if you have two guys
he has to let me sit down let me show
you have calm um it's a mustard oh oh
gonna be shit man no yes
what size did you make it cut it this
size oh my god is it just the back can
you moved no that's not the size wait
wait wait wait we're doing
how about it my side is this road or
just relax let me come a few oh yeah are
you crazy
who's your uncle uncle Adam right okay
sit down shuttle or chill get a little
bit will you a tow me shit because here
what Adam this is bootleg barbershop out
of the airborne all right wait wait wait
come to your low see this one this is
this I'm good at sighs doing
check check I think as a sighs yeah I
get one one ish do it do start here
start here start here Sarah Eddie said
oh my god what the heck I need to cut it
with scissors first all right get ready
it's a must Yusuf come on Dora don't oh
this is painful
oh this is painful you're enjoying here
the guy you could stare out of here
don't worry ah hold you here you can
stare them huh I like you better when
you have short hair anyways ready put on
grand smells so good enjoy your hair
yeah oh my god oh my god Lenny instead
back - oh hey David this size is good I
went inside I don't want this size I
don't want this size is it that size
Adam stop let me see it is it is it sure
yes
say whoa love it is oh my god ah we good
yeah yeah I needed to fix it I was in
I'm hooking you up
who's your barber now Martha Adam rub
Adam well you got a lot of hair much
alone here young ah this is so much fun
Alice have fun huh not fun guys use it
was the man you guys want to check him
out
throw the shadows down below you got to
see it he does crazy ish I'm gonna get
you back at him he needed to let me
shave it he didn't let me shave it so
you know what I'm gonna have to shave it
and get you back on it you're not gonna
do shit huh
you can see you now garner gosh hi boo
be the best fresh haircuts the best
fresh haircut
oh la la I'm looking yeah yeah he was
like say ever
healing like say you look like say yeah
which I'm Victor hairline no no matter
like no you know I don't I don't want a
hairline I'm not I don't want a hairline
just the middle way through I want the
middle you sure yeah I want it if it's
looking fresher than ever you're the man
bro I know what i'ma do i'ma head up you
go clean right take it out you're not
going home I'm taking a shower
ro I need a shower are you sure you fix
my hair yes let's end the vlog here hi
guys I'm end the vlog here makes you
guys give IV thumbs up and go Turkey if
you enjoyed it of me into a crazy
haircut if you think I did an amazing
job on his hair give this vlog a thumbs
up I did it I did it I did guys if I did
a good job give it a thumbs up I didn't
amazing amazing job sorry I had to do it
but yeah your mom my sister I did a few
good I did a few I did a few so um yeah
it's looking like a brand-new kid now
and he's a new me he's a new use of new
me you know I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care peace I love you baby please
I know you're gonna be don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want
and
