hey guys what's up for do me hang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing a so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day amazing happy day cuz
it's a brand new day today
saywhat got a brand new day today
say what cuz if I'm having an amazing
day you should be having an amazing day
cuz it's a brand new day today say
alright guys I've been having a horrible
horrible morning I'm not even having an
amazing day Slim is here fixing itself
so see I'll put up the vlog and a 1-up
glitching like I don't know the vlog was
just like glitching so hard to re-edit
it re-upload it and it's finally up yes
well the vlog yesterday and it got me
seriously and I ruin my mood but then
after that something else that made me
feel better oh I got an Al Jazeera news
they were gonna give me like this they
gave me this interview and I wanted to
speak English instead because every -
everyone was watching English is like
the worldwide language I want you guys
to understand - people don't Arabic and
plus my Arabic is really really bad it's
not as mine but it's bad okay
I think was that bad no my rig is bad
compared to like especially with the
news people they speak so fast properly
this week's so fast like I literally
embarrassed myself but it's all good it
was it was amazing and it's amazing
achievement to go in on Jazeera but let
me show you guys one part where this
thing is when the lady was talking to me
I didn't know she was talking to me then
I was just silent and it was so funny
was vegan aioli and I fell and I know I
can I asked irani Metapod
I didn't reply for like 30 second I
still did her but I literally made a
fool at masa I made a fool of myself
she was too fun that was embarrassing
little funny sassy I'm gonna reenact her
and I'm gonna reenact the ready all
right ready
this is I'm gonna be the anchor lady
he's gonna be me all right this is
exactly right all right Mohammed Amanda
hi mother say Allah soften it on madrasa
in a mood Rafa Adam Adam it was so
freaking embarrassing it was embarrassed
oh my gosh is so funny and after that I
was replying in English and it was just
hard and the lady literally gave up I
mean she's like you know screw you get
down I'm sorry I'm sorry literally a
trial is so so huge competition to be on
al Jazeera news I know it's like the
biggest those Arab air channel ever my
parents watch that but I know it was
embarrassing all family watch tells June
whose mom's give me mad at me that's
gonna be that miss Olga this room was a
mess
it's like five o'clock right now always
I thought the whole day have an
interview doing the whole re-editing
sorry that we're gonna hang out show I'm
just cuddling go
stop stop what's up are you uncover at
now everyone camera yeah then they can
see they can let's cuddle let's cut off
I'm trying to watch us fly low you guys
won't trust anyone
what come through hi guys we're gonna do
something fun alright we're gonna have a
like Google are you good
we're gonna Google our names and see
what comes up won't do have reserved for
it's ready just good all right way to do
is Harris J I is Harris J Muslim his
hair is J Mary his hair is J engaged on
he's obviously Muslim and he's not
married but you're looking to get
married oh I'm not sure on the greatest
we made a 2016
Liz I'm Adam right now Russell goes Adam
solid does that doesn't Allah does does
I'll obviously gonna do y'all Rose else
are there however you have a wife of a
door what the hell is limo Keysha saving
Muslim were married how old's our summer
sonification is slim Elba from birth
winner
all right everyone's know how old you
are how tall is stamina by now tall it I
told you I'm Tom six feet is Adam saw
there is another rich related to me
sleep in the same bed do you have a
single huh these to sleep in the same
bed
what the hell goddess all I'm married it
saddles on a rich I'm not married I'm
not rich
I'm not related to fouseytube since
everyone thinks that even though he's
like my big bro and I look like a little
bit but it's not his Adam saw single I
am single that I'm taking to slim ah and
I was looking on his head is our little
daughter's hair oh you got my hair on
you bro
oh yeah well we're married another
daughters Harris leather let's go
got knives we're gonna Google you it's
not easy gay only say one night of fun
but we're googling you says it's not
easy gig when you go
are you those hairs you have a
girlfriend house not just have a sister
having a pet oh my god you are a dog
high-net-worth twitter vlogs and then do
your name this notification irresolute
vacation yeah I've done if I was a co-ed
that was here this how big he is
compared to my own my is not that big
brother he's a Huber
because I my whoa it's bigger than my
pinky so we're heading out from the
building that we're staying in and a lot
of people found out where we are so I
don't really don't know how but yeah
everyone is literally out of here
how you guys doing little you had a cool
hang up here with a lot of other peoples
will shout outs at other people that
were there what's up
we're about the guy food and yeah thank
you guys so much literally I appreciate
every single one you guys they waited
and yeah I'm hope it's worth that I
don't know thank you thank you guys so
what's up so Cana is here it thank you
so much guys
i'ma show you guys later this guy
brought me Ray Bans glasses he's crazy
with you well thank you so much man I
appreciate your very very classes I was
a food up in it and I wait for my food
I'm trying to ask that I want to be
rebut you take two nice to take it too
long
I said all everyone in my face a okay
samhita instant coffee that's so sweet
she didn't watch my videos for how
long's like four years yeah see ya since
I started it so thank you so much
so you just got done eating and it's too
late to do anything like bowling or like
I don't know we decided to bowling or
maybe like go like on a boat sailing so
we're gonna do that tomorrow today we'll
show you guys around we need you guys a
little tour that we have in this
building nothing to have like a gym
jacuzzi nothing so we're just gonna
chill out and have a little chill day
here so let's see what goes on what
today a Jacuzzi I our spot somewhere
you're wearing
oh where is it Oh what the heck this
jacuzzi looks so crazy yeah sure we are
in the jacuzzi and we're about to have
some Jacuzzi talk it's crazy how to vlog
and all we talk is different like when
we've like we're like hey guys what's up
how's it going and then we talk is just
like not just you know saying down to go
talk to it like we're gonna get imagine
what vlogging like the way we talk abou
blocks each other how we do Hey
right now we're in the jacuzzi is really
warm huh do I don't huh do I only do it
do we mean I know he's gonna make fun of
me I did a snapchat to you guys and I
told you guys to snapchat me some
questions
someone said who's better at football
soccer Messi or Ronaldo be nice Harris
Harris was better soccer Messi or
Ronaldo listen Harris mattress is better
skin
go ahead guys I'm Neal with Harris slim
and it's not just some like weird
questions really it's not taught us
anything about snapchat yeah I'm making
Paris a little a little interview while
waiting for the Sun to putting on her
person
Brizzy out babies need a Lana be person
a crisp breeze us do that me kissing and
I do maybe for love and God not can be
done wrong
I wake up now another good way going you
answer phone calls on snapchat screw it
bugger calls us yeah ready I stay I'll
be man fighting man they gonna get
fucking peace
ha ha ha can Europe's Anna hi hello yes
last pass every box each oh cool
yeah what so she's your greedy hello how
are ya what does my I do it because it
up good little kid you want a block
right now you want a block homie you
want them to howdy y'all howdy y'all
how many kids do you want to have me ah
no matter what I already have a little
accident you know
Oh somebody got a kid on his way Oh
Harris honey
Oh beautiful three four get on 13 kids
six seven dollars did you join us watch
over how many lives are you wives oh
yeah
okay do me a it's time to wrap up this
vlog I hope you all enjoy this vlog even
though it was kind of short it was just
a chill day but thank you guys so much
for love as for you I'll show every
single day I'm so sad
this whole trip my cup to an end in a
day or two because I don't know has been
an amazing trip we've been getting close
with Harris he serious he's been like
he's been that piece that was missing so
if you chat after on me Eris we're still
gonna have a couple days that we're
gonna chill with on that I'll see you
guys tomorrow tomorrow should be fun
amazing day take care of do me I love
you guys so so much thank you guys so
much for helping me reach my goals I
reach al Jazeera news that's the biggest
Arabic news that's crazy that's the
biggest power big news thank you guys so
so much I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace it's not singing what the
heck I love it right so baby please be
more you wanna be I know your father
will be proud of where you're gonna be
so don't let any
I tell you what you're gonna be Oh baby
you can have anything you want for me
