me falling down Oh y'all hey guys what's
up ado me yang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so I'm having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day I just got done editing my
fashion channel video it is now up we're
supposed to go to Wonderland we're still
going Wonderland in about an hour -
everyone is outside I think to the
immigration office are like to some
United States office here in Canada to
help Harris get into America because
they denied his entrance multiple times
so I had to edit my fashion video I'm
gonna meet up with them right now so
I'll see you guys in a few today's gonna
be fun day in Wonderland hopefully goes
great and let's see what today brings us
back three wanted 9925 hope Adams having
don't follow no know what's working now
you can finally talk put your phone down
the talk let me just finish this pink I
just talked rough before just quickly
huh my voice is kinda saw like just met
up with the homies Slim Harris and
Nozick just got done editing the fashion
Channel video is finally up so we all
don't see it go to the link down below
where you had elite their live finale
because I keep messing up we're heading
to Wonderland right now for the first
time however we haven't been we never we
never came in before and it's gonna be
fun fun time they have the biggest
roller coasters here over in North
America yes big as well goes here and
other muscles gonna be crazy crazy of
another five to ten minute drive to get
there so let's play a little mini game
you guys ready games yes I like playing
game
look at again jig huh the hell you do
it's my Paris what do you think about
like like me Simon I was like but when
you've met that like Paul pleasure this
we're about if it's like a bad
impression or like what do you think
it's not ready for the camera
Oh camera as I say about American oh
cool man you're not fun oh I've always
liked cycle right same as much tackling
symmetry it was crazy
oh man we bet it was anywhere is Harris
real child real fun to be with let's
face game there's two truths 1 lie right
so imma tell everyone I haven't a guy's
3 stuff two of them are the truth and
one of them is a lie about you yeah by
me what we guess I'm gonna know it
easily yeah play this on video my god
damn it's good night that hurts you go
first because he knows everything about
you have to think Obama to choose one
night guys ready yeah all right all
right
the first one is I used nas's toothbrush
today the second one is you don't know
you were trouble which one is a lot I
used nas's toothbrush today the second
one is I took a pair of socks from slim
what while he was out no way the second
one I don't know and the third one is
one of those has to be treated the third
one is I digged in your bag today and I
took like this cologne perfume so I
don't have any puffing on me I've been
stealing you guys / well toothbrush
hahaha
ug it wasn't my uppercut you smell me
yeah I took a pair of socks when you
guys look at massage yes ever well
Emmett sucks full of this Goodwin look
ID 1v1 yeah what the hell I don't know
my shape I this game this game is over
somebody's ruining everyone that why you
believe it around because you see him
he's like one truth is this one truth is
that you're not supposed to say what it
is
oh oh oh yeah we're almost here guys
oh my god
I'm not going on that Danny it's not
gonna all them no iris
no no one that goes up nurse what about
this what's up man how do you 16
finally so young boy you'll beat me a
boys I don't see you guys we just got to
wonder limitation oh thank you so much
thank you oh my god I'm getting letters
we have you win again
alright now we're heading to I don't
know what's roller coaster I can like
live on the licen Leviathan is scary as
well 380 380 it's gonna be wild like
they're just gonna have some fun with it
guys how we literally rolled into
Wonderland I didn't know that people say
nothing
Oh exactly once we go something like you
know as you are oh I'm scared
Oh
he's telling me to look up while I'm on
the road he's crazy
she's a sweet she's so nice that ride
was wild little so we've got off there's
so many of you Wendy buzz
guys you can barely walk yeah
we're bout to go on a ride and this is
how we're going on a ride literally look
this is how we're going on
guys we're literally in the back of like
the park where no one heads I'll come
through I got you but learning the back
where the workers are at Lili workers
are allowed here I got so crowded that
will literally have it this is crazy but
I was doing here hi guys running this
Plaza the black is I'm female what the
fuck this is crazy
alright guys we're here in the back of
Wonderland with the man they Phillips
are you like the manager here he people
he's the V literally he's the man of
Wonderland and he's taking care of us so
huge out of him and he shot us
Wonderland thank you guys so so much for
being so nice Canada you guys are
sweeter seriously I'm a move here I'm
gonna give another huge shout out to
Wonderland they're so so nice to see
they're driving us we're literally in
back of Wonderland we're getting driven
to the rise is so nice you try to fit
Dave Phillips and all the stuff I got
one landmass you guys were crazy I was
crazy and cut to be sad yeah I was
scared to go with her to say it's a
bitch animated scene that mean bro he's
the man he was a nice guy feels like you
guys so many of you guys that they have
to bring us back here duties like safety
reasons to keep it safe than one didn't
want nothing you know bad or dangerous
happening so hopefully we'll see you
guys maybe not for coming thank you guys
seriously guys thank you guys for coming
you guys show so much love to me Slim
Harris and Naz it was wild it was
amazing
so we're still back like behind the
thing is we're going to get some funnel
cake we went on a couple roller coasters
literally no one this is my niece she
loves you no stopping you so much Austin
a dreamer and then happy early would do
like I can't even talk right now
oh she sold me Gary I love her so much
thank you so what's your name I saw
myself thank you I love you guys so much
Adam and Harrison on a go good I love
you guys well I swear this is the
craziest thing ever I let you guys know
oh my god a whole car watching a suit oh
my god nice don't talk to me for about
10 minutes one plate yeah they've all
washes off a little here don't worry
nice job guys guy oh yeah I love y'all
man
hold on tight hold on touch each other I
go up there oh my I'm sensin yeah you
come back on take take my mom's going
down oh my god y'all red they're gonna
die
Oh your faces buddy no I was I was
checked up there soon he got I get so
loose and I'm saying my harness was
broke you know the horses broke a sweat
but oh my god oh my god out of a Harris
are going up right now
oh my god this is crazy oh my lord
oh my god
Oh oh my god
Oh
Oh No
Oh
Oh
we head over to everybody who oh my god
alright guys it's time to wrap up this
vlog I hope you'll enjoy his wife did
make sure you give it a thumbs up thumbs
up for us actually falling from that
high I think it was like two three
hundred feet high and just drop it it's
like you're pretty much throwing
yourself off a building it was crazy
crazy crazy thumbs up if you would
actually do something like that so I
want to see how many of you guys are
actually great thank you guys so much
for loving support I want to give a huge
shout out to Naz happy happy birthday
girls and huge shout out to my baby my
son
happy happy birthday my son I'm so sad I
couldn't be there I'm gonna be there a
couple days and we will turn up we're
gonna celebrate
Mawson I love you Rima I love you I'm
going to see you guys in a couple days
on that see you guys tomorrow
take care our pitch I love you so baby
please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of her
you're gonna be so lonely
Oh baby you can have
