hey guys what's up and do me yank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day do me yeah I am back
in New York City finally it is currently
around 7:00 a.m. yes I just woke up this
is why I tell you guys I look like crap
so please excuse me I landed from London
to New York City at 2:00 a.m. I was
supposed to land yesterday at 8:00 p.m.
but then once again my flight got
delayed for a few hours I do not know
what's up with Norwegian air but they
delay the flight so so long and it's
hired me out man but it's all good in
the hood because it's all about positive
vibes that do me going I'm here to bring
you guys a dope dope video in today's
video I'll be reacting to a few videos
of hijab' rappers you guys have been
linking me these videos of these hijabis
rapping to be honest I never I never
really watched them so today we're gonna
be reacting to them we're gonna see
what's up also I'm gonna be reacting to
Slim's new music video Oh cash I know he
reacted to mine and he gave his honest
reaction and I will also give my honest
reaction to slim and to the hijab'
rappers I'm not really a mean or tough
guy if anything I'm too nice but I'm
gonna give my honest honest epitome do
me game you guys already know how I am
as a person but a do me yank do not
forget to subscribe before I get the
video started subscribe and join the do
me gang do me do me do me do me do me do
me do me do not forget to thumbs up I
appreciate every single one you guys who
gives the videos a thumbs up and now
let's react to the first Jabby
rapper let's see how it is I'm really
really curious alright this one's called
wrap my head jab I don't know I'm
expecting some cardi B stuff like a I
don't know I didn't know what to expect
to be honest but imma let's watch it
let's see okay
okay a-ok they got the Bollywood flow
Anila
okay okay hold up wait is she pregnant
what what the heck is this Kylie Jenner
net no Kylie Jenner already gave birth
but she's pregnant what the hell low-key
her be pregnant makes her look badass
hello key looks kind of tough like she's
pregnant she's like a what your hair
like like well your hair look like but
that's kind of weird for a guy to say
that imagine me tell you how Drive you
like you want your hair look like how do
you get violent and then probably slap
you man okay okay I like how they stand
all together
hey hold up Loki man she's really cute
okay rock my job okay okay Oh cut time
out sorry my sister just gave me some
coffee early in the morning thank you
sister I love you so much
she's a yemenese yo hey hey swear
Hey
oh wait what what did they do in that
part never go back all the way what the
hell they just go on the floor and like
smell the floor or something or like let
me see what the hell all right
did you see that what the hell I mean
every dance move was dope and swagged
out until until that last part they just
snipped the floor like I gonna sniff the
floor I mean I don't know if you're
really sniffing the floor if you're
doing a different dance move but it
looked like you were sniffing the floor
I don't know okay do me yank so my
thoughts about this video the song this
rapper I mean you're like she got a lot
of swag and almost everyone in the video
also got swag but the only thing I
didn't like is that they didn't give the
girl that I thought was cute they didn't
give her much airtime man what - come on
man give my girls some airtime what's
wrong with you come on okay so this
rapper right here I don't know if she's
a hijab' or not because Lim literally
talks to me about her so many times he's
like this girl's crazy man she does the
weirdest stuff and she's at rap artists
a hijab' trap artist but I guess
sometimes she takes off her jab like I
look and now like what the hell yeah
let's let's watch it
she likes mean I didn't girl she looks
mean oh my god hello she in the highway
are you in the highway is she trying to
get a bike girl get out the frickin
highway she trying to hurt herself what
is she doing I can imagine her in the
cameraperson
like yo man is shot be gonna make it in
a highway start driving the highway and
I don't know they just pull over pull
out the camera she just starts rapping
like why do they all hate me why don't
ya hate
what hold up what she smoked what what
the freak a tournament is she really she
really someone's telling me she's from
Pakistan I don't know if she really had
job because you never know some people
out there that just lie they'll just put
on a job these days is like worldwide
known like people these days they want
to be hijabis even celebrities out there
man they bought her jobs they wear for
fashion when they don't really know the
meaning of it and this girl I hear is
smoking freaking drugs and has it what I
don't even know what to say I'm gonna
just make some glamour here man come on
guys you guys ready me sometime we can't
violate them and show them that we're
also negative like hair Baba let's let's
make some guys now I know what you
saying what are they oh hey me girl
obviously they're gonna hate on you if
you have a head job and you're smoking
drugs and like just promoting it out
there like a girl come on this is
another one of her songs let's see setup
Pakistani cool yet what she said so what
accent if you what'd she say hold on
she's Pakistan even
what the hell your this girl reminds me
of the cashing outside girls
she's like the Pakistani Muslim catch me
outside go what the hell what's down
your unconfuse what's going on this is
real life so what yeah I can't watch
this no more what down this go start
it's working I can't watch a storm Oh
what the hell alright guys so this is
another one of her videos and I'm really
really confused look how it starts it
starts off with her riding Haddam on the
freakin like board the school but why
like I don't get like does she know it's
what I don't know what's up with this
girl I want to know what's going on
through her mind like I don't know she
needs the interview man she needs the
interview
I'm watches one off with one eye
what the hell is this what the hell his
hair looks cool but the neck way man is
make you feel uncomfortable sounds so
like demonic like y'all scared man oh
wait yeah I'm so confused
I don't know what you wanna say ha I got
tinder I'm from Pakistan who asks yo a
real real question to all the Pakistanis
out there it's all my Pakistanis I love
you guys so much I know there's a lot of
tacky standings watching you I've been
to Pakistan I have a serious question
for you guys like do what do you guys
think of this as a Pakistani person i
don't know maybe Pakistanis think this
is cool maybe Pakistanis like this but
let me know in the comments below as a
Pakistani person what do you what he
kept thick
I'm just really really curious because
what the hell she seriously I mean yeah
she's a badass about the same time she's
she's crazy man
she's wild
I should have a gun put the gun away oh
my god
she lick a grenade that's so scary what
the hell does she get a grenade from old
go oh yeah I'm so confused man this girl
needs an interview someone needs to ask
us some questions
she's from Elena oh my god I mean I'm
not I'm not the person to judge anyone
maybe that's maybe that's her
personality like she grew up in Atlanta
she's like she's she just that's just
how she is man she grew up like that you
don't care she don't care about nothing
wherever someone grows up at that's
that's just how they are they don't care
anymore and if anyone doesn't like raise
them right it turned to rebels so I
don't know I really want to know what
her parents think about this I really
really wouldn't know what her next video
should be showing my parents my music
video they're gonna come out with a
slipper like my god punch on over
seriously I'm done all this I'm ready to
watch Slim's music video if you guys do
not know my man slim drop his first ever
single his debut single is called
all cash make sure you guys go get it
it's worldwide iTunes Spotify Google
Play everywhere slim I hate you because
you never let me listen to the full song
I finally got to listen to and I'm not
gonna lie it is amazing it's so so
catchy man I've been listening to it all
day but I haven't watched the music
video so let's let's watch it
8ball back on a pop yo the music video
like sick with look they did a little
drawing we're like a bad girl is on the
car but I'm laughing because I'm
laughing because I can imagine Sophia
called slim like I heard your song and I
heard you say bad girls and if you bring
any bad girls in the music video just
know you're dead meat I still was
probably on the phone like no no no
don't babe how do you teach Sophia or my
baby much I know look babe you know what
we're gonna get them to draw one start
we're gonna get them to draw one I was
joking but it looks it looks sick I like
the little drawings that they have let's
continue watching oh I'll pause this
right here I love this shot I love how
the little the little ages are there but
slim I know you're all Samia my Baba
Rose doing yours then ears don't man let
me zoom in on the ears because it looks
cute I love your ears but yo and you
call me a monkey man look at you slim
you're a monkey now you're no longer a
giraffe you're a monkey oh yeah oh yeah
we got the fame you know one thing about
Slim is that he doesn't really care like
he don't care about nothing he don't
care what people think he just knows his
intention and I know his intention his
attention is always positive and I'm not
just saying this because he's my best
friend I've known him for like a long
long time that's just how he is as a
person he doesn't care to be honest I
respect him so much because he just he's
the type of guy that doesn't care he's
so blunt and that's what I love about
him so so much me slim have completely
different styles and music like my one
sounds a little bit like R&B hip hop
pitched rappers his one is more like rap
rap and I love it so so much and I love
the fact that it's kind of different too
because you never know if we perform it
together he performs his song I perform
my songs
it'll be so dope man people Jam to
different types and you
whether you ready or not even know it
you're not come on Sam see I already
know you're huge chatter - slim Searcy
I'm so so proud of you I really hope you
do more I want to see you slim I want to
see you do a lot more the slim knows a
lot about rap especially with that flow
man it's so so sick and I'm so so proud
of you soon I love you so much and I
miss you so much probably gonna see you
either today or tomorrow so you guys
will get to see the Adams family and
home be slim tomorrow do me gag I'm done
watching these videos it was pretty fun
man that's fun so you guys have fun
make sure give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey do not forget to subscribe thumbs
up and leave a nice comment I'll see you
guys tomorrow do me a take care and
peace I like I love you run beep I'm up
lip but I still got bullets in this guy
just on your back
whether you ready or not even though I
know you not
