I think I got all came in my head what
the heck I think I had to rub it in
right Thank You Ben
hey guys what's up and do me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing it you all should be having
an amazing happy day we're out here near
Times Square we're going to the NBA
store about to go meet up with slim and
Caius guys came from LA I do not know
why I think for WWE wrestling but we're
gonna see them in a few we will turn up
and have an amazing day
that's the NBA store I do okay what's up
I do it well it was good you never see
my friend yeah he went back I caught you
looking for consumer yeah you want to
see you sure are you a fan of Chrysler
yeah I come to the local kids you look
ok my clothes yeah all right Oh guys you
guys know okay all right keep going
close your eyes there keep it close or I
promise it something good come over
you thought I was you he don't know here
ready yeah
open yawns what the hell
cooking some fun news oh so we're
waiting here for slim to print out he's
doubled away tickets excited yeah you
didn't go to WV with this little brother
thumbs up which is a nice little
surprise for him make sure you don't
jump in like so fine people sometimes I
gots like jump in it like did he do that
Simon guys you guys a big WTF is like
why did you hurt him take him in so
who's your favorite wrestler right now
yeah right now Seth Rollins how do you
know that is belong here
here's one Roman rain I don't know
yeah Loki just robbing Seth Rollins no
see I'm around you know is anybody
seriously
yeah who is it he was like huh who's
your favorite wrestler Sasha banks gonna
sock you
you don't even know nothing about I do I
do I do
huh Goldust like I like the new dick is
why I hate filming for caius
sneakerheads to be like parsecs yeah
part six and I'm actually really excited
to be in it because after six part that
I've watched all his and I'm six boys he
finally puts me in yeah don't say
finally Oh finally I'm very good I'm ass
nigga heavenly thumb we're finally
sneakerhead enough to be in a second
well every time I see him he's with a
new pair of Jordans ha ha ha I never see
him by the shortest I don't always give
these one I've always had it ro not
happy sneakers usually always says I see
when new pair every time I see well
serve I've always had these sneakers I
don't know what you said should be done
by the first weekend of
or something since I'm a second sneaker
has to be like pork chips
these are the five these are ultra boost
ultra boost no I didn't matter you know
these are the Oreos yes oh yeah kill
some hi guys
let's have a crush liner til someone
comes it is so I was gonna go say hi
house you know I didn't want the chance
to do what it's more really really good
how do you calm the bloggers 23 I'm the
same age yeah I'm the wingman of the
frickin year and I need some girls
Manion idea I wanna hide your wingman of
the year you know guys I think I might
take out I think I might take out giftee
on a date name is gift give me yeah I
get a little gift so I'm trying to get a
new hat and the best person to ask for
new hat this guy is what guys gonna
choose me a new hat
what's a good have to get out of here
you don't really like the dad style
what's that sound like a baseball cap
like the ones that are like kind of like
not I don't mind wearing like that
that's one wearing right now
yeah yeah you're right yeah I don't mind
goes I just don't know which one to
choose I usually get his plain black
hats gonna get like a dope don't pack
well this is slim section right here
this one's actually some good
yo son this is hella dope I'm done with
it
lucky my bluff in this yeah I think the
best hats are like those simple ones
which one okay what's up yeah Charleston
is zhanka she started to find me out of
solid and she has to put me in the video
so here we go what's up yeah you okay
though are you gonna how's it going
shock the Afghans what's up guys were
great so much to see you okay here
everybody now you look beautiful
no you look beautiful I see Mika is just
sitting down the middle the evident
that's like a random spot see someone
like this walking of mmm sore and you're
like what the hell they doing in the
corner of the M&M she's probably like
freezes like in the most cut area I know
I said hi everybody found you oh man
how's it going what's up are you doing
what's up you guys we cool nice to meet
you guys oh good
so : so I ended up not getting a hat
because I didn't like any hat over there
they have really good hats over there
but where they were going to Emerald to
just explore around and then they found
me and Caius literally in the corner I'm
helpful over but it's all good
he's leaving back to Cali tonight and a
few little few hours on me out I'm
taking I heard good Airlines oh man he's
dead on purpose though no available this
I booked my ticket before they he's
never gonna take American ever again no
more no more American Airlines you take
American Al's again I swear Kai's and we
know it on the ground nobody got it you
I'm gonna get on you're black and you
can fly me back I'll take you I'll fly
anywhere you want row so I'm at a camera
store I'm trying to buy new lens so it
could be a widescreen lens so you guys
can have even you have loved this
quality something we has better quality
by giving you guys a wide wide screen
lens so hopefully I find one hi guys I'm
trying out the widescreen lens let me
see he's a wider I'm trying it on right
now my camera I think it is a little
wider look yeah it is much lighter you
have a better autofocus you have a
better one in this this little focus is
a camera no the lens yeah you have to
just play with your focus you see you
see position masking masking watch me
whilst we've live footage why scream I
like this I think it's gonna come right
is wide you can see you look watching
I'm right next to it yeah look you can
literally see you can't read it
this is fisheye yeah what that hagit oh
this is not just one is way too why this
is this is 180 right yes this is legit
you could see me like you can like what
the heck
so I still got the regular lens I want
to try out different cameras for hi guys
I just changed in the left the lens I
don't know if you guys see a difference
got officially gone I didn't want to get
something that looks like a fisheye
which is way too wide I think this is
wide enough the fisheye is way way too
wide this one is dope I think I don't
know you can see a little black around I
don't know you got to tell me you guys
don't like it I'll return it and get
into one if you guys do like it let me
know in the comments below I don't know
hi do you know I said ID no pause that
what are you watching who watches
Deena's like my baby no Dina right are
you the biggest rodded I do me yeah you
are oh yeah
what about you who's who's a bigger out
of there do me don't even start that
Marcin are you big writed I do me what
we fightin bro
hums is Ian hell out pizza I might print
my dad with this number
I got a extra slice my prank going with
it but this is 100% hot out from the
Yemeni spot we always go to
hey bro buddy doing what's up bro come
on is o hits me for no reason I didn't
do anything
I'm telling whenever I turn on the
camera he hits me stop Deena yeah we
missed you I miss you
you miss me I missed you more Deena -
you miss me - yeah
Deena you're so cute you know that yeah
you do know that I love you Tim then I
love you I love you know I love you I
love you Oh Ramon you got some
competition from Dina and of you or not
what about you Gina I love you who loves
me more me which one is more me not
ma'am you're not food more okay Dina
don't leave them go home okay
Pina llena I don't want you to go home I
don't want you to go home nah but I
don't want you to leave Legion I want
you to stay here favorite Belk I Dena's
so sweet oh yeah you're sweet
because Jesus feel like she used to be
so mean she wasn't meanest girl ever
I'm telling us the meanest girl ever now
she's so no you're not not you're sweet
you're Sawalha she's so sweet
I remember Jim and you managed to be
just like that he was mean that he
turned really sweet then he turned mean
again so she might turn mean again maybe
later in a couple years right now she's
at the suite level and I'ma take
advantage of it because she's so sweet
oh my goodness those you I love you Tina
look everybody jealous huh give yeah I
love you guys okay good so many kisses
so many kisses look okay okay okay I'll
go get so many kisses okay what the heck
why haven't want to kiss me all of a
sudden everyone was a I'm getting like
Sulekha what the heck is going on hi
guys so today I'm gonna try something
new it might be something really dumb or
it might be something really really cool
and the reason why I'm doing it because
I wanted to dye my hair but my mom
bugged out and she was like the only way
if you wanna dye hair is if you put hen
it on your hair so henna is something
that you guys should know appendix
doesn't know and it this head but will
not come out ever
is it alright this is like the cultural
Yemeni hen I don't know is from this is
like homemade henna is strong strong
henna
so I'm doing it for my mom mom is like
you know what you gonna die here Dianne
with henna tips in stone so I hold this
I don't have gloves so I'm gonna go Arab
style and use these all right guys I got
the honey she's so done so guys I'm
trying something new this is it take a
chance to light your heard sometimes in
life you got to take a chance
so bismillah and let's see a sever
hangover I like me my give me the comb
give me the comb no don't give me the
comb right there hurry hurry
yeah
oh shut up and read it's a big uh it's
more like messenger a little second she
pops up
no the comb not the freaking tell ya oh
my gosh
can't believe I'm freaking doing this
guy's okay I got Oh came on my head
what the heck I they had to rub it in
right like keeper cuz you didn't really
loves alright guys I gotta wait an hour
or two and I'm gonna show you guys after
results to see how it is let's see looks
really really weird oh my gosh what the
heck am i doing okay do me Yang's been
on my hair for about an hour
my mom said it has to be on for longer
and I don't know to be honest I'm
expecting it to look like some Ed
Sheeran type your hair
I got freaking like hand it on my hand
I'll get me in Canada in like a week and
I try to go Lincoln like I'm s so I
gotta fix myself up oh my god henna is
falling I don't know if you guys can see
enough do me Aang I'm back three hours
later I've had it on for three hours I
am so tired right now and I think it's
time I'm gonna go just put it I'm going
to the shower and just wash it off and
I'm going to see the results right now I
am back from taking a shower and my
freaking hair is pretty much the same
thing look he's just like just a shiny
bit of like red like let me see guys my
hair is literally the same thing I think
he can only be seen in the Sun or
something like that what the heck
I expected my hair to be like Ed Sheeran
I'll put it up like four or five hours
this sucks man but to be honest after
putting on the henna and made my hair
feel so so much like stronger so much
richer so much like softer it feels so
much stronger I don't know it's the best
feeling ever
it's not the best color ever but
tomorrow I'm gonna go in the Sun and I'm
gonna vlog and see if you can see cuz
you can't see me I'm pretty good bad I'm
pretty good man and happy at the same
time I'm happy because my hair feels
healthier but I'm mad because I wanted
it to look like Ed Sheeran's I don't
know I guess this is it
I'll show you guys more of it tomorrow
during the Sun when it dries up I'm a
wrap up the vlog here if you guys enjoy
this vlog
make sure you go two thumbs up and do me
Hank to everyone who made it to the end
make sure you give it a thumbs up only
see how many of you guys actually do
make it to the end of end-of-line and
watching this part so thumbs up and do
me hang I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace I like baby please be who
you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you gonna be Oh
baby you can have anything you want for
me
I can't
