please give a warm welcome for
right here right here
hey guys whatsup idumaean I hope you're
having an amazing it because if we right
you got all this is Harry's first time
in a vlog his first time in the vlogs
yeah man that's crazy
he's he's in a slide I'm sandwich right
now we're being a bad influence on the
mannequin let me get tattooed let me see
the expec expectation versus reality
we're heading right out to soundcheck
should be fun
Harris is heading to San Fran tonight so
he tried a favor coming through he was
in love and if you guys don't know
Harris J is he's a singer which I say
from the UK or how do you Eddie from
London hey I thought he was American but
he's not he's from London thanks man and
yeah he's a singer from London but I got
a dream hi how's it going
harder thank you guys so much you got it
so so sweet for the chocolate chocolate
basically we're still a slow because
they know he's not seeing slam you not
slim oh they give you chocolates guys a
booth sound check right now this is
everyone
we're gonna be performing like 2-3 hours
old
I'm here with one Nodine squad say was i
guys doing boy I haven't seen you guys
for like so it's my first time meeting
JD I see Carter I have a hat three years
right three years we don't kill it
though we won't kill it already we're
gonna support you on stereo Squatch you
guys - man yo glad I'm gonna bring on
stage to see but not completed hey guys
keep it up - man whatever anything
negativity I'll go through thanks gotta
keep going and I'll unless you not think
I bless you guys - bro let's do this
baby guys ready yeah man this will let
go so I just got done with soundcheck
and I do not know why these British
people taking us to Nando's here in
Canada so since we got a low five 10
minute drive here we're gonna do some
little accents right yeah the UK people
you guys social we do like American time
times American accent are you guys to do
it types of UK or should you guys Bobby
this you try and make the American yeah
you try - American accent right now no
is he gonna do one yeah
you go first all right what would give
me one give one American regular
American mirror I'm from New York I like
water water water
say this is um say I love coffee I love
coffee
yeah lighting some coffee and a donut
damn I'm not very nice
can I get a cheeseburger can i what it
is so weird what you guys say it can I
can I go Dunkin Donuts
oh my glasses yeah Oh God lucky you shit
in the push um push up push up god save
the way they can have a cup of tea and
some lemons uh get on a cup of tea with
some lemon snake or petunias and lemon
okay slide on taking over right now I'm
going and after that we're doing a
little test out see if you do maybe
maybe soon we'll do like a little nice
Latin tour but right now we gonna test
out in Canada testing out for you guys
so hopefully turns out great how is it
outside tell him well it's crazy outside
crazy uh-huh oh my god Eric aids for
being over the fences already were like
I got to have a human chain of people in
front of the office no no it's gonna be
well it's gonna be fun we're gonna have
fun with it on top of you and how many
people they're about ten thousands oh my
god that's crazy much Elizabeth I
already do it this place you didn't like
he has been guest on shows like Ellen
BBC and many more he also has his own
snapchat filter right now please give a
warm welcome for having fun
Oh
what
let me go see
open me
yeah and
Oh
Oh
Oh
you guys I can't you see I'm thinking
here myself
oh I'm gonna bring out fucking uh we
gotta look like alright guys I just got
done for me it was so crazy I did not
know that much she would I got so
nervous I'm not used to performing in
front of that much people so I got so
nervous artichoke admit I literally
choke on stage man I choked now choke
like I forgot what I was saying I
rehearsed like literally the past for
two months for this and I choked so bad
so I'm so so sorry man like ah man must
get me fun doing the meeting right now
and yeah I feel like I let you guys down
but it's all good guys I'll see you guys
in a few
and I'm ready to go this is Keith all
right we have to be very fast me yeah
kids are Capo's they guys kidding oh
yeah yeah yo yo let's go let's go let's
go keep the Russians
Mohammed and Fatima
I can't replace them a baby I cried a
big man you be quite
every day for the rest
Wow
Sisu yo check yourself man
guys we just got there
I got I got a Jackie I want to give up I
don't know how to give it to us I don't
know slave called me out huh
so come here give me a question that
they gotta answer whoever gets to write
the first thing they get this is my jack
- my favorite dragon soup has an A on it
so hi this is the do me Tessa way to
find out who's a real - okay you got a
exit couple seconds please wait for
commercial break and again free health
insurance now come on to the couch okay
I'm just gonna take it easy one uh how
many pairs of shades are Adam loose ten
five five four six hey thank you so much
danger Dave all right everyone found her
where's that hotel room how come I love
with not to the Harrises back and it was
better he got denied entry from America
you'll catch Obama if he's watching this
s myself man he had a show in
Jeffersonville yeah man no in Chicago in
Chicago and you got denied entry in
America so hopefully they let my
moonshine come UK Obama watch that's me
that's crazy you guys already is a
harmonica polo team Sanyo you don't know
your info when you when this door opens
man for himself
publish man I'm right behind you oh yes
you have to go thinking oh I gotta leave
that got to be much too much that's not
right that's not right if you say
or you guys stick together
okay do me again so we just got back to
the hotel and I have some bad news it is
I lost my freaking mic I do not know
when but I think it was when we were
going with I don't have you guys seen in
the pub we're going to the car and all
that chaos was going through I lost my
mic that was in top of my camera which
makes it makes the voice much much
better for the vlogs I do not know where
it is and I also lost my credit card and
there was if those are fans a fan took
$20 from my pocket pulled out $20 from
my pocket and then took put them there
$10 and put it in my pocket this is the
second time something like this happened
to me but yet it took out my money and
everything was happening so fast
I didn't know what's going up like what
the heck she took my 20 and then she put
$10 in my pocket and I'm like what the
heck so I don't know with my like credit
card fellow or they accidentally took it
but my credit card is gone and I don't
know if it was so so bad happened I had
to cancel my card a Mike is nowhere to
be found I got to get a new one tomorrow
and yeah someone tried to take my hat
but luckily I got it back not because I
was having a really bad hair day but
overall it's all good I'm just a
positive I don't mind like the police
hated me today like actually some police
were nice but I almost should have hated
me today they didn't even want me to go
to Muslim fuss anymore because there's
chaos was crazy it was crazy but other
they had so much fun it was amazing
literally guys that I couldn't do three
years ago I was in Canada and I was
literally like those only like 30 people
showing up today it was thousands of you
guys it was crazy
riders I do me thank you guys so so much
and another thing we had to literally
stop the meet and greet because the
police told us we have to leave because
a couple of you before someone growing a
handcuff I don't know because she like
went through the fence and she like
touched push the cop or something
someone fainted it was literally going
crazy so I'm so so sorry I was trying to
get pictures
by the police I can't I can't elevate to
the police I tried my best I came back
to Moses but then most of us was like
the police don't want you here me to
leave so I left and I know what it's all
good but I'm gonna be I'm being Canada
for the next couple days
I'll give me snapchat in a little bit of
my location
low-key just like me more of you guys
cuz I feel so bad about I'm good looking
snapchat and I want to meet more of you
guys this whole week while I'm exploring
and having a couple of meetings here in
Canada so thank you guys so so much
seriously a dream come true thank you so
much to Muslim fast also thank you to
all the volunteers that most of us who
helped out it was literally like 300 of
you today helping out thousands like
howling thousands crazy it was wild was
so much fun and to everyone that I met
you guys were so so amazing to everyone
that I saw you guys were amazing I loved
you guys so so much and I cannot wait to
be back in a I'll definitely see you
guys hopefully throughout the next few
days I'll see you guys tomorrow
give it a huge giant thumbs up and do me
again if you guys are watching until the
end give it a thumbs up and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
take care and fish I like anything you
for me I can't
but baby I've cried a big many be
brighter every day for the rest of my
life
