what is it yeah yeah she's come with out
on if you this you can let you know
hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you're having an amazing it because I'm
having an amazing it so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day I am in Canada right
now and I'm so so excited because
tomorrow is the big big day today we're
gonna do a little more shopping and
we're gonna see how it goes
I got this dope sweat suit right here it
looks so dope so freakin low so huge
shout out to couch a club thank you guys
so much for this dope freaking sweat
suit and why do you wanna change me why
don't you sue me I got ready please I
gotta read what happens before you I was
ready at nine o'clock but why would you
wear the same day as me in its limbs
were in a sandwich all exclaiming no
freaking way strike oh look at this
slip on fees ones I'm a bug out if he's
action wait you're gonna change I'm not
getting changed I go into slugs I was
away on that look you go up at 11:00 do
you got lost both oh no I was right
before all of you take a Yankee miser
I already changed how's that how's the
first one to wake up you won't come back
to sleep yeah but I was supposed to get
ready well like bananas thank God
what the hell is going on Sloane must be
stuck go change much change like yo you
know what is it a recap and at last have
another I mean some did it was awkward
now it was three people you get ten
trips one of bitches you get alright if
I get James I do my whole head all over
again I'm not gonna change I don't care
I'm tall sales good I'm glad I guess we
don't like do bananas today
hey I'll see you guys in the next shot
so except well actually not oh hey guys
do boy again yeah yeah I'm good guys
this is so strong that they don't even
notice that like all three of us are
wearing literally do you guys not notice
that wear this a often yeah we got you
say what's up what's your name hey my
name is Regina Malley we're gonna love
it love Adam thank you so much so baby
please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you're gonna be Oh
baby you can have anything
Leila Stan
they salute me they're coming through
the Warriors coming tomorrow with
something that comes with some more
muscle mass you guys got the receipt in
there then let your sisters and the moms
we thank you so much what's up cuz
I would anyone we meet they they don't
even notice I think they don't care
about it so the other thing universe how
do we know we're watching you on video
and really in you in person let's feel
like you're watching like a YouTube
sweet yeah I'm not a screen I'm real
life - guys look you don't click on me
go thumbs up you don't like like that
like I'm real
oh my god small called Eaton Center and
we're eating over here we eating the
same food with the same outfit yeah
no way
lucky for sure I was going to uppercut
he thought I stepped on his sneakers no
I think you did it to me into my easy
I'm not to upper fight yeah I'll go cool
camera one thing us loggers heat is when
like what we do blog at the same time
like whenever simple about his live
camera while I'm plugging in time again
it's really really annoying I see it
messes up you miserable head right now
you guys kid listen you guys I deliver
to him but trying to listen to me it
gets the gets wow that's one thing Plus
vloggers P we hate it with a passion if
there's any bloggers around us and I
have my block hammer out and then
another vlogger pulls his combat camera
I would be like they do like take up
it's like a drug dealer being in the
corner and then another drug dealer
comes and tries to sell in your corner I
know that was a really bad example
but I hope you know hey hey I'm vlogging
on it rough long it is Tom ma blah blah
blah school blah
take of like yoga school your vlog I'm
plugging whoa Tim Hortons baby
Tim or
what's up man I do
okay cameras on that escalator Alex up
the Falls fault
oh my god no no oh okay alright guys so
right now at this tattoo shop right here
well henna tattoo or something and the
workers I'm in here literally left
nobody's here we're trying to get like
henna tattoos just cuz out of boredom I
don't know why
and this is our visit in New York it
would have been like gone like someone
would have been took everything of your
love but apparently I think Canadians
are this nice that they can leave their
shop but I don't know what do you think
he got somebody gonna get some I got
Sophie on his arm I think it's sick like
gaming shit oh man it's such a gamer nas
I don't even know what do you wanna get
once you get that my name but in Arabic
Zelda we silly man zina get another one
you're crazy man take it over he thinks
brother I don't get how to get my hand
let's go he's gonna get it on his neck
he's crazy to have a tattoo on his neck
right this wild he wants his name in
Arabic and I'm done say what that box
how you doing so he has already seen his
tattoo I'm gonna get nuts in Arabic here
yeah but there's some sort of pattern
across here doing a design there yeah
that's something I don't know I can't
give you the design I could give you a
domain right nuts here yeah that's him
in our regret yeah and then
who were Shankar around him back lots of
stuff to the room do here like this
make sure it's bigger but any name but
it has an Arabic is extra letter in it
gosh if I pull this off she does it I'm
freakin die it stops right here and end
here like so you need to come down get
me don't go like this look like this
that's what we got it decided give me
his name his name come look at him no
way
come look first I gotta do is hello
she's about the right his name me wanna
shout you right here
yeah like this is good perfect make it
big that's already okay this is gonna be
so mean I'm not mean enough just English
not as sick as fire what is it not yes
yeah she's coming down yes I can feel on
the side of my name no no she's coming
home
no one's gonna put on the next night in
great ones it you push it on my neck too
hard
honestly pushing on my neck way to home
is good to juggle you looks like an
idiot
you want your good doing is you're not
good feel like this and this way
yeah like this going here I wash mine
off yummy home for hundreds are missing
the shirt
Ohama don't let me shine over high
enough you serious he's right he's right
stop lifting your shirt
we're just getting ahead of it guy why I
watch a lot of your fights a girl you
can fight those mom and I appreciate it
I'm always right on to my mommy goes
front right oh yeah Oh Ronald Ronald ah
ah
no heroes I've seen in this saga so yeah
shout out to the homies right Harry
what's good that's nice that was a looks
looks nice it's all your name is really
nice that's a nice but about good
that's amazing listen
hi guys so we just got back to the hotel
nas right now is watching his tattoo
look so dope I got one - this one right
I got a little feather I think it looks
cyclic soap so tomorrow when I'm
performing I got the mic you can see it
right here
I don't looks fire I like it it doesn't
go away - like a month I think or two
three weeks that's like a month nas is
watching his tattoo he got the best one
- he's like this dope air above his eye
Rick writing of his name he's watching
you watching it who is he this is Doug
how sick Paul I think it's fine lipstick
red but watch it good watch it gonna be
here um get us a table
okay ah okay you guys yeah but you see
we think like it yeah but it's fine
because I'm putting it on your neck
though crazy huh you crazy for putting
it on your nightstand geez my crazy for
putting on let me see you look how it
you want my next one sticker Kevin yeah
I've been like this all day yeah yeah
the legs are full of Stifler look that
weight lifting right I don't get sick
Eric I love it bro
huh looks so fire but when you go to
shore tomorrow everybody's in love with
in a compliment see what ya got told you
should get like an Arabic - I don't know
you wanted Bengali I think Benny that's
sick that's crazy man
so bad until people see this tattoo
yeah my tattoo looks sick I should like
it man legs dope
oh I don't what what fucking it won't
say ok it doesn't say nothing my neck
what why is everyone saying I don't hear
my neck but we don't hit hello he says
nuns say what La Rose has nice slam what
did you say what am i what does that
mean nice other I'll say what you ever
fucked about money so Wallace was like
why don't you do this to me can I even
do it I'm gonna show from love you prick
oh oh I'm a festival tomorrow I'm gonna
go fight don't hear my neck he's gonna
go to the Muslim festival tomorrow we're
dougie
I've been slit I love fuck like that
don't play with donkey on his neck
ok so freakin nothing like home get are
fucking all I asked you to do is fucking
snow on it yeah you don't do that it
does in the end long high a lousy
antonov gap
so everything is open iris I'm freaky
done that was out I want everything I
want you do shit ah that's what we're
gonna come off now
oh my god you reckon about I could hide
you a makeup bag you can't will huh just
keep it on whose are it yeah also turn
that feel up as well oh fuck okay you do
me I get it's time to wrap up this life
imma wrap it up in the bathroom here
thank you guys so so much more level
support tomorrow is the big big day I'm
performing in Canada after like three
years and I'm so so excited cuz it's
gonna be crazy I literally met hundreds
of you guys because I want to go see
everyone who I think magazine hair is
Europe for me so I came through and I
didn't bring my blog camera vodka was
dead I didn't even know it was going to
be like that crazy and it went seriously
wild taking about so much foil I'm
support I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow
do me Hank make sure I give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey
take care her bitch alright so baby
please be who you wanna be
I know you
we'll be part of who you're gonna be so
don't let anybody tell
Oh baby you can have anything you want
to me
