you have to get move to our cousin 2007
bugging the fuck up bro that's like how
does it vary Grima
hey guys this is Adam Saleh and I'll be
in Muslim Fest August 28th hey guys
what's up ado me gang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day I love starting the
vlogs here in the sunshine in Orlando is
beautiful it's my last day here in
Orlando I do not know what's gonna
happen but it's gonna be another
adventurous day so I'll see you guys in
the next shot Wow
so we finally found a Yemeni restaurant
here in Florida
I had to change my clothes because it's
so hot outside
go getting some Yemeni food right now
because we missed our memory food I
didn't expect for there to be Yemeni
food in Florida I don't know why because
doesn't seem like this I get money for
you you like New York or fluid yeah yeah
we may like floral hey I do what that
place called collapsed Our Strength
Yemeni restaurant yes is there yet my
nearest giving us rakia in Florida yeah
why he's gonna have you guys come
through you won't see him
yeah tell them you awesome you got
yourself a service over every to all you
mean food you got here any call you MIDI
for him
chicken army nothing that's easy I think
you know what so me my whole family just
had Yemeni food we went on a two-hour
trip all the way from Orlando here in a
place called Anne Maria and I Maria
something like that but we're in the
islands like a little island in a little
beach how we're gonna go to yes they
want to go to the beach again and I do
not have good memories of going to the
beach because two days ago my block
camera got lost in the beach so I'm
going to make sure not to block in the
beach and just a vlog around while we're
hanging out in Chile so I'll see you
guys in the next shot guys I'm
technically vlogging in the middle of
the oceans imagine like this thing just
like falls down like my block cameras
gone I'll get so freaking out all my
odds what is 30 we're not swimming here
we're waiting I found me still eating
here and waiting gonna go to the main
part of the beach
you guys said you guys like this vlog
camera better I'm gonna continue liking
with it until further notice I don't
know until actually get used to me a
little bit so if I make a couple
mistakes on it if it's weird let me
slide you normal we just got to Anna
Maria Island Beach and it's beautiful do
me gang remember how I said the beach
that I want to wear my blog camera I got
taken away with the number-one-ranked
beach in America this line is one of the
top also it's in the same Shore it is
beautiful the sand is so white the water
is so clear and warm
look how beautiful this water is how
clear the knife good
super clean super beautiful
what the heck is a mecha oh my god let's
do this thing
this dude just put so much seagulls
around the area that I'm sitting down
that now I came and sit down
phew get out do it buddy I'm gonna go in
the water but I'm not gonna bring the
black camera with me I'm just gonna go
in while the camera is right there
volleyball seals
volleyball is harder that it looks
nothing never comes to me
but you got keep on going
live that dream
No you know why we're leaving you don't
know why I look behind you what is that
then discover good job Rima knows how to
thunderstorm looks it's under the Sun is
this side can you see it and then the
thunderstorm is this side say
subhanAllah
say subhanAllah hi guys so we have to
leave the beach because there's like a
huge thunderstorm on its way coming but
it's good because we've been here for
like three hours and the thunderstorm is
gonna get crazy oh I think it's coming
right now I felt like a little drop
might get wild and the waves were going
crazy in the beginning they were chill
but Hum Dil I enjoyed the beach and I
did not vlog in the ocean oh my god what
the heck it's rated where would you
rather live Florida or New York yeah
yeah where would you rather live Florida
or New York City I don't know I said
choose one for later look right Chisholm
Florida okay goes deeper stuff like a DJ
Khaled lives here haha babe Laura or New
York City Florida baby you want to move
to Florida
oh yeah why I want to move love Florida
beautiful weather 5 reasons why
beautiful weather beautiful houses
everything is cheap people friendly and
everything is clean guys I don't know
why but probably the only one is
choosing New York City because the
people are rude it's dirty
um everything is expensive and you know
saying we ratchet this trip was a reason
for like my family to decide I did to
live here or New York City so we're
still deciding you guys let me know in
the comments below what would you choose
New York City or Florida choose Florida
or New York City
Florida okay so we're heading back to
Orlando around the to three hour drive I
feel like I feel like we're on tour
right now and we're gonna play a game
well--don't Harlan dough which is
Florida another Florida she doesn't know
that one Orlando is Florida so we're
gonna play a game it's called two truths
and one lie and you guys can play with
us I learned how to do a back flip at
the age of nine okay that's the first
one my second one I had I had a
girlfriend for eight months and the
third one is I've never lost a street
fight so which one is the lie you guys
tell me what they got it right I've
never had a girlfriend for like eight
months
everyone knows how to count to 12 say it
go uh uh slow down so down count slowly
go okay one friggin rhythm emo slow down
funny okay yeah yeah hey yes shake yes
good job
mm-hmm okay yes Lee Clow what's after
that turn II know it's not what the heck
guys a sense we still got a third like
30 minutes to go we're gonna do the
ugliest face challenge okay you guys
ready to do a clean space challenge
ugliest face not a sad face
what any man I said I do it too and
leave me not to do this
people knows how to do it if you guys
could do it tweet me a picture yet Adam
face everyone close to the atom guys
never be afraid to just be yourself
they'll do whatever face you want to do
you don't have to be perfect and just
just be you specify Rima just be
yourself right who are you
Rima what how do you spell that
how do you spell your last name what's
that in your face no sat in her face do
you guys see that our face a lesbian
puncher I was gonna punch me or punish
me punch you I was gonna punch me
laughing loud he's gonna punch me or
punish me punch you
this is gonna go down to like like like
the I'm a frame that what did you just
say lying is Haram Allah is gonna punch
you
everyone is punished say I love all the
way repeat after me
say Allah is gonna punish you don't do
you don't get talkback so far okay imma
go slow
Allah is gonna punish you you go no I
was gonna punch of you Reba
okay what's up guys I'm still learning
how to use this camera to fix it okay so
now we're gonna prank Adam I might tell
him my father my mother they said he's
gonna have to marry whenever one of our
cousins our cousin push it up push stuff
but the TV believe it in the morning
yeah
now back in you ready guru tegh stuff
the best of all when I say you catch
stuff already buddy back come on busting
time
hmm yeah G double call me hmm you know
calling look dad where is it hey what's
up how you doing
present like that what you born up not
everybody know I want to go no no so
lies went then and then he said it he he
saw your video the crush thing but the
thought so he's mad he's already last
month and death he called you a cold who
he call me no shit
my mom's over I didn't know mom and dad
for the new man I don't want some I
didn't that so going crazy
that's all I was reacting I was gonna
record everybody just I'm gonna record
is guys mom pointed out why did you
choose cool better with that but then
the way said said you can have the game
marry now homie yeah I'm like it might
sound like please ugly cigarette to get
married - our cousin - 2007 bugging the
fuck up bro that's like has a very
agreement oh okay boys you're very much
okay but that's where we said that it is
on I get the cheese from our Father side
so nothing wrong with that
you don't same thing mother side
different you saying I should be arrive
tomorrow you can speak to you you're
gonna tell you gonna get married -
Sahara yeah he really spoke to your
father
get the fuck up you spoke to her mother
stop in each other but if you did I want
me to Matthews here make it man
you can't do that I mean it said was
Ana's little is like my sister slightly
would you marry ma I don't know would
you marry me your cousin so many in the
soup photo is 2016 is not like yeah
that's not 1980 said yeah that it's
gonna be so okay well we gonna write
Friday so he said like by Monday
you guys we have to go by the Rings with
Monday's shooting long live next century
Chinese restaurant even at 20 25 minutes
out he's machine running say no I was in
labor certainly that one no he was
yelling you got hundred I mean very dad
you know your dad was yes it already is
that no I did not do no okay I'm not
choosing so I choose okay so did you
just get me oh yes the factory listen is
dumb stupid is dumb
the fact you would you very much would
you marry mom be honest don't look at
her I would not marry opposite cuz I I'm
not would you marry yes or no no thank
you
you don't think I'm married to my cousin
well you're not the Far Away cousin
listen no you're not vote was it even if
Selena Gomez was my cop 92 marry her in
fact that she's my cousin out us man he
was yelling he's I tell them is the
tunnels did you talk to me because I'm
I'm the oldest son
tell him this is a crush hitter he's
always I do not have this thing okay boy
are you agreed with them say no so don't
talk don't speak to it's a good idea get
married relax have kids do you think you
fucking you mean you can have nigga a
bit a baby a Don look look stop sit down
sit down sit down
don't touch the time no I'm not you
doing it I'm not gonna go vote that is
that a digit bugging I like that I was
gonna vlog the very moment just sit down
will be a little bit thicker racer who's
that just welcome you know I don't mess
around
he got my phone he didn't quite as
powerful
he caught my phone I know you have been
dancing
mrs. autosomes careful okay I'm serious
I'm not like you probably all right in
in this case you're not I'm not joking
it's not funny hands up stop you say we
get me agreements are you getting port
okay so did you tell no lie I can't get
up - but why would you speak to her
listen Charlie there and you can't
decide about listen to my choice - I
wanna speak watery speak to her dad and
mom when you guys we spoke to me the
question video was just a crush okay
like me
he knows 80 okay I'm not gonna get in
front of you they found me a wife I'm
not a baby I didn't say no I know Obama
and I'm ready to give other I'd only
give that a car I want to buy all of us
a house I'm gonna have okay
I own about all of us house I want to
gather your biscuit only get settled
then I thought we could do in the same
time now what are we doing now you
chicken hell you sick I'm working you do
a YouTube okay
Yusuf is one you so so we doing
everything I don't want one Oh
whenever said experience you you agree
Saddam is so good idea I'm done it
sounds good but why not come to come
back I don't come back
yo Adam he's mad he's going downstairs
try to call him you're such a thing I
should have known the cameras right
there
I'm gonna call him right out i'ma tell
him you want to get mustafa rose I play
I'll bug out vote chill oh did he seem
did he call you know Frew did a cup oh
my god I almost got a heart attack guy
yeah this is much asshole wasn't but
sooner or later she's probably gonna say
that you buggy good night is brought me
to say if you ever agree if you ever
agreed something like that old bug on
your oh my gosh but I was gonna end the
vlog in a few but I was gonna go play
basketball then and the blackboard mat
mothers might end up lying here guys I'm
gonna talk about the giveaway tomorrow
if you guys enjoy this dumb prank I'm
Franco bordering get me a thumbs up if
you guys so much for them so it is our
last night on their loan comes up thumbs
up I'm gonna training if he's prank you
know you're just a bad crowd I'm
credible bankable did that really save
it is it the crush video I eat Nazis now
I'm not sure I can plead in early
there's the only male moms fear I'm a
recording my dad's reaction soon and I'm
a see his reaction I'll see you guys
tomorrow
you gotta get hella get the hell out my
room
- no see you guys tomorrow - I only
bring housing because I'm scared to
sleep alone - hi I'll see you guys some
all this is a creeper that someone's
Owen slim - to arrange it the
arrangement very how is it slimmer never
Punk no shoutouts limbs dad the other
bumpers give my brother idea to marry my
cousin vote I'm sorry but if it will
slim dare to take out the bell to get me
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care a pity speech I love my bride
so baby please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of her
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you're gonna be Oh baby
you can have anything you want to make
