ah
yeah
I'm right you're right
hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day I am starting the vlog
today with a huge huge surprise a Douma
gang - every subscriber that's watching
out there I have a huge like I'm
literally happy I'm dying inside I know
I told you guys a couple months ago that
someone from that ax family will no
longer be in vlogs and I didn't really
want to say the reason of like that but
I promise you guys like my life like I
tried my best I fought like I fought
like in war to get this person from The
Addams Family back in the vlogs I fought
for war I fought for my rights up up for
his rights so a doobie gang I want you
guys to welcome back that's all the new
subscribers in fact we don't know him
you guys should know him so welcome back
the one the only the king the the
roastmaster Mojave me I love him so much
my baby how about the car and other way
Jamar misty someone know we can take it
to the
Oh
I love you so much I missed you so much
you don't know how like a friggin shows
up Devine say hi they're gonna see how's
everything
the man can't even give me well take you
is that all you cared about for me to
take you to Disney World
I promise look I promise you I will take
an easy world but something's happened
but I promise you my life I will take
you to Disney World
I will take you to wherever you want to
go anywhere you wanna go go to WWE match
I'm gonna go W you're gonna go to Disney
World to go to Disney World all right
give it up for the man the one the only
Java was help I got a busy so what
anything you want to say to do me a
dance everyone is watching and if you
guys anyone know what's watching if you
guys around oh this is Jay man he has
literally he's the Prince of a duma gang
he is he's been he's been here since day
one since he he's the freaking man
they're free anything you want to say
you guys say whatever you want to say to
me I'm so happy oh yeah
sorry that I went away from YouTube and
um I miss you guys so much and I'm back
you're back like you're back for back
what the heck is going on man what I'm
doing so just place your back up put
your shirt back on eyes I should say
thank you guys so much for your love and
support thank you guys for being
positive and bringing all the positive
energy after all so much negative energy
that was going on I'm so happy to be
back he says he's so happy to be are you
happy how happy I really this or like
this or like that like that tickle
tickle tickle
that's holy yeah toe let me see I told
you an outcome you have to my chest why
you see me up like my bellybutton you
don't have a chassis of boobs happens it
don't even start with that yeah it's a
dummy yang gonna be ready for your new
updates and everything oh yeah you got
some crazy no updates coming soon kind
of no guys I cannot believe what he just
I cannot believe what he just said
chass√© now should I see it later
alright guys no way in a few vlogs to
tell if you guys want me to say whatja
man just told me you guys let me know
the comments below give I give this vlog
a thumbs up if you're happy as I am and
if you are if you want to know why you
just hum deny they say turn back
how does it even always said whatever
don't tell him don't tell him no no no
time did it go put your everybody
thought and your STEMI subs you gonna
ask something huh good heaven
a misty so we gonna fit you get it oh no
whatever would you be okay guys I say
always like vlog Dina and just look at
Jamel like through Dina because she
looks so much like they act so much like
now and it's crazy it's crazy
yeah yeah you look nice for that so I
just got to Harlem and wha see I'm about
to meet up with slim hopefully we could
try to get to meet DJ Khaled he called
me and he said it's really really
crowded and like the police are
everywhere so it might be a little crazy
and it might turn out hey we're not
gonna beat it but hopefully we'll see
how it goes
hopefully we see the guy that happens a
scene I made him skip the whole line I
think it was his brother or one of his
staff so hopefully he sees us and let's
just skip the line I don't know hope it
was y'all I don't even know where slim
right now
this is to buddy
Oh
Oh
beautiful Shaco is although stay away
from day
you already know they don't want me to
meet you I'll make sure I didn't rush
what's up relative what's up bro gossip
it wasn't it was good I like to do the
shadow Tommy's back home in the back
corner and Jesse what's up oh these are
the true board for watching us he's a
good boy
just somebody knocks in I love you ready
seasons in Kalamazoo Simon day called DJ
but not yet a real felt like these
recalls the room
hey buddy what about
my god let us met Kristen right here
right I believe it of meeting TJ College
I feel so bad because she didn't know
she had to get a wristband to go in and
I was trying to give her my wristband
but they cut off my wristband so I feel
so bad hopefully hopefully there's
someone nice out there it gives one of
you what does anything any shoutout you
wanna say to my cousin Jimmy what's up
Sonique guys doing thank you so much
she's so nervous don't be nervous that
good sure I'm not good so we just met dj
khaled we waited outside from boys even
that long wait like how long like 3040
minutes anyway we went in and it was he
look so tired I feel so bad I'm a red
bar you kind of Springs yeah hey that's
work - hey I finally met comes as dad
this is crazy
it was I seen his eyes who's exhausted
and the craziness he does his meeting
greets like a boss like he sits down and
he just like this chill what's up bro I
don't know it's crazy when he was on the
car people were jumping I felt like that
was me and got that literally and it's
just crazy seeing that he was going
through it but he is the man the first
day I went up to him some with your son
I imitate this put this on the count
yeah but I shout grew up in the hood
watching hose and crook so G number
runners getting cream off the books so
plenty bodies dropped being skim pop so
my man scroll down on Bushwick and hand
cop growing up in our hunt no respect
for God like 41 shots pussy old body
dropped right after my man I can't deny
since my parents passed away I've been
ready to die Oh gun does a lot of
pockets snatched a lot of Jews banged it
out and shot blocks with some double
goons you could catch me in the hood
when I'm a mistake hot right out of
Monroe when that dog ass block
throw B so frequently in town for squats
niggas are hug the block and stay on the
white you follow her own ass niggas in
the crooked ass cops
karela seen real clock telescope but
knocks on she'll be off the meter so
niggas be on that nina 21 south for
further now millimeter automatic ghost
ship so sporadic running and gunning
with killer shit when lavish apples I've
heard that fuck with me is recovering
dope addicts Hanako Pacheco
but he's burning like ever I was burning
my camera I said one day
aiyee same name by the way I'll be 20
fucking life same name same name
hey you got to see the actual name right
break it up and I rip it
whoever that was that nigga was hot yo
action wasn't Haitian I don't think that
looks like a tax his name his name 25
like true yeah we've been out here since
the beginning be profitable now don't
give me no grass don't give me no crops
I was going streets give me props I'll
go all right guys I'm in Bay Ridge right
now I'm out to go to my cousin's house
and meet my uncle because he is my
favorite favorite uncle and I gotta go
see what up - something's get away from
you outside play another cool Adam
always puts me on the spot man with his
mom's it doesn't matter yo snow song
feeling what cuz I hear hearing him
speak Arabic is the funniest ago he's
like yeah well like every aha he seems
like an old guy huh
yeah well I get nervous now he speak
Arabic and your mama nervous boy don't
matter we go well yeah I remember this
is hood man I remember this neighborhood
it's crazy
alright guys so I just visited my uncle
most like he travels to my uncle once
left he shout out to the whole family
there how did ahmed Shahade although
most life thank you guys are so sweet
sir so you know so nice finally seen you
guys after like 8 years man 8 years if
you guys around oh my mom is going to
hedge and my uncle's going to hatch so
please make time for them and whatever
died you guys want leave in the comments
below and a shot I'll tell I'll tell
them I'll send it to them and they'll
get like egg goodbye give it a guy and
you guys will get some data and I feel
so bad because elet have it it's live
weight was just like how long does it
hum said it's like another DJ Khaled
like waiting oh my oh I'm so sorry
you punk we got pump ready hard harder
you know how many punch in my heart I
feel go ahead you can watch me do that
I'll literally rent them
like I'm good I'll only yeah see Khalid
I'm amazing it slim impatient yeah he's
awesome to me hey slim
I'm sweet okay Khalid short slim tall
yeah on it nice and basketball since I
was looking about us I'm sorry I know it
was awkward like for me to be like
you're leaving after two minutes after
say 40 mom I'm more sorry for you they
asked to go through that yeah I know but
thing is they took out like you know
this we got like oranges vegetables and
juice and I go eat yeah I'm gonna get
the bowling okay do me hang it it's time
to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed this vlog today wasn't amazing
today's a happy takes one of the
happiest days guys Jemile is back i met
DJ khaled I'm his dad and I've seen my
family like more of my family I haven't
seen for years it's been a happy happy
day my child I'm like I feel grateful I
feel blessed
thank you a lot for giving me this
amazing happy day I'm so excited to be
in Canada a couple days in Mississauga
celebration Square August 28th 3 p.m.
make sure y'all come through I want to
see you guys day I want to turn up more
than what DJ Khaled's turn up today
we're gonna turn up crazy
no I'm saying so I hope you guys all
ready I'll see you guys there other than
that take care of do me I'll see you
guys tomorrow in Canada I'll see I
Canada I'll see you guys in TDOT
tomorrow well I'll see you you got to
see me in Canada to Marcia take care her
face alight so baby please be who you
wanna be
I know you
so don't let anybody tell you what
you're gonna be Oh baby you can have
anything you want to me
