oh man is ticking oven that's crazy I'm
gonna forth out so why this soul like
expensive
hi what's up for do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing I saw I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day today I'm filming a
new fashion channel video and I'm gonna
vlog all the behind the scenes of it all
the crazy stuff of it and I'm gonna make
it Mawson into America's baby's Next Top
Model you ready you're gonna be a big
model yeah they should make Muhsin like
they should put it on like gap sign my
homie Muslim get him yeah say yes yeah
get my baby put him in a little the baby
food right you deserve to be there they
don't want to see you there so you know
what they gonna do yeah take a deceiver
there he's okay you ready to go I feel
like he knows like he's going outside
yeah how do you know do you know we
going outside yeah then I'd even know
what that side without we'll see you
guys the next shot say bye ah good we
kiss the hardest part is taken once in
to the actual like store to go shopping
he stops at every little please Muslim
this dude wasn't climbed the gate I'm
gonna go over Lee he's gay he's a monkey
like me ABS a monkey's you don't say
what that's why American Ninja Warrior
I'm going back again so show you guys
I'm a true monkey Rosen
Wow
this is how I did this see for him to
actually run hey you guys but if we see
in the fashion Channel video I want do a
lot right come on
hi guys I see Richard again Richard is
the homie hisses he's like a riding a
rider that doing yeah it's a rotted our
direction
mama what are you an old my boys my
years okay Jose watch them to me
yeah was good yeah but Grady doesn't I
almost like I'm like oh fuck where's
your brother
oh you know so tell myself what up right
um I've met Richard like four to five
times and he's seriously one of the best
rodded I do be hungry so he chatted to
Richard and it's always amazing seeing
you because you seriously make me smile
a homework they say what's up the Mawson
he's the rudest person ever so rules
good matter so rude Wow thank you
you like the shoes yeah yes like it I
got Mawson right these sneakers are
these are the Olympics these are one of
the freshest sneakers out right now like
these muscles scared sick escaliers all
the think I think of me that's not
happily here he's good okay he thinks
it's a roller coaster you hit thank you
I scared ya know this buddy all right
all my kids are crazy my son is good
I have three boys two girls they're all
crazy you have 90 qualification for
girls oh my god
the future might have maybe 20
grandchildren listen to me let's go to
heaven good yeah he's quite okay
definitely take care of me like just let
me see there's walk over I have to well
hums I supposed to take care of good
hang up
what if someone was in there see how's
it going
guineas dude students crazy give me in
oh my god how's it come on come here
where is he where in the sitting room
right now ready
Oh Joseph these are garbage so I'm
finally done filming with muffin it went
literally crazy he's so so bad but the
video should be out right now so the
link down below if you guys want to see
how it went
make sure you go to subscribe to my
fashion channel you guys will see it
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey but
right now I'm going to do some shopping
for myself out here in Soho I'm leaving
to Toronto on Friday so should be like
shit I got to go
think of fresh and TDOT known for
all right so I just met up with the
homies pilot Hal Sara so nice let me
shave it up yo y'all wide lens up in
this violent abusive buddy I say what up
good as uses versity if you guys haven't
I've noted for like how long like five
six years out like Bob said yes Medina
school you don't like the greatest
school ever you know that I'm being
sarcastic gonna so we just left the
store I don't you guys were called
bathing Apes Chris Brown shops here a
lot of celebrities out there my one in
there and it's freaky it's so wack the
way they're this size is is like this
there's like the sleeves of so long and
like the body's like so high so looks
like you run like a Capri is like as I
you got you had to look like an ape to
like buy something from baby named I
don't it was my first time in that I was
expecting something good but I didn't
really like it so huge shout out to that
what was the guy's name - bathing April
guy who beats up guys who are like we're
supreme I'm sorry but but I'm gonna give
it up I'm not sure missing your size
this is a medium so me but I can I can
check check this one but I'm pretty sure
you don't have one like this because has
this probably interesting text wall I'll
go on exhibit yeah
we're shopping right now place called
All Saints so dope shoppers but thinking
about this I want to get a good outfit
for Toronto on Lisbon I don't know what
to get oh maybe I should just go
shopping to Kim Nam actually so I'm
doing a little shopping here I don't
want to show too much because I rather
keep it a surprise in Toronto what I
wear I rather like I don't know is I'm
just like that on the show and because
I've seen it already something exclusive
and nice we're trying to I got this look
I think I soaked his hat this hat I'm
former Adam is back this is looking sick
I have a really bad addiction like it's
really really bad at that I just came
out of the place All Saints I literally
bought four tops four tops that's it and
two apps for tops and two hats how about
more stuff and I have all items at Adam
yeah well items can be like probably
like six times so another store you got
any spare how much was it like 1,900
that's more that's more do not ever pull
some of the guys I'm not gonna shop
about I slim needs a whole disliked in
addition I can bismillah it you don't do
it oh my god
anything is starting to clothing really
really good yeah they have dope this
something every time I play you guys you
guys didn't hold me back I saw the best
time to chill he's like taking like a
drugs anyways let me take that drug you
guys let me know but he did buy for you
did buy for like a trip rate yeah but
Toronto about Toronto it's for you guys
that's a nice offer you trying it right
for the Toronto few about if you guys
want of Slim is gonna be in Toronto
well you told them I said I said in the
plan for me to talk some is 88 sonic
sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick
sick sick see not notice like after I
came back from Orlando really like dark
you're so pale
I'm p210 yeah me too got the white boys
maybe white I'm actually um I didn't
notice Sal I thought was like no get the
white now if you hope to really go for
hours in and we're still shopping
we're leaving Zara right now
yeah it's been literally crazy fine like
bags and with slush having hurt this is
great I feel like we're girls like how
girls was gonna shopping a lot like
usually my sister's the one with shops
so much but today me slim appalling
we're going on a shopping spree like
wake up like we're going back to school
you know those those time well you're
like an eight-time green like schools
about to start going go shopping I don't
know if it's like always time I shot I
don't know if again yeah if you're Arab
or whatever have all the time yeah yeah
the only time if you're Arab isn't the
only time you shot was when schools by
the sorry I had one sneaker for the
whole year yeah me too
hi guys there's sneakers there for
$23,000 that's cool that's pretty people
love people that's what that's crazy 0
who the hell would buy sneakers for
$23,000 not even if I'm a freaking
million I would never buy $23,000 me but
I do want to get later sighs oh this is
hell because he's our $11,000 or here
this is like Shaquille O'Neal's niggas I
think it's like sleep no shoes what's
wrong with you want to get me one of you
I have one of these only get me probably
I don't know man some is making me shop
so much today he's making me shop so
much today I'm looking I don't know like
what kind of
our man's taking over
that's crazy I mean I'm fourth
I mean I'm fourth out so why is this so
like expensive this was only released to
friends and family
it's only released through friends and
family clothes they wear are not this
fair enough why are they sitting dead
slideshows this is crazy
$23,000 for these this is practice as
well I thought it should be a shot of
gold on there something go this is safe
so what if you wear in the street when
people know you have M&M fours on all
right it's like what what's the point in
getting if they're not gonna know you
have M&M
like you know no damn need to know they
know wow that's crazy that's crazy guys
they have one of my favorite Jordans
ever yeah I hope they'll be nice to have
these when I was like in sixth grade
dubsy Rose if you look closely you see
like all the other Jordans you know oh
yeah kind of oh yeah you can see like
yeah the other numbers that's crazy 14 I
got these done because it was like the
Yemen funds I don't does what's that
nice joining on what the heck there's so
much pain hey girls
Oh step Korean shot
well as I become so look your favorite
kind of Jordans I think up zeros is my
favorite double zero if you'd received
twenty three thousand twenty three
thousand dollars sneakers which one
mmm is that mitt well have another
rapper yeah cat spores yes ladies she
has sneakers it's only like like 100
like the world $23,000 that's crazy
that's wild like that's a car right
there
I know I dance and these are freaking
amazing
well I'm telling you now to get that was
so amazing okay I didn't see them to
think they Sutro I really beautiful I
love you this is like oh my god I don't
know why it something about the I just
love it look at this this is just light
beautifully pop one row is vo my god I'm
cupcake you wanna know see the keys
making yourself yeah yeah I see yeah
it's like me having the drugs and you're
making me take get it all you just say
no don't take somebody's in addition
these are rare as well you'll find no
way addiction it's different I have an
addiction don't I don't I don't know sad
don't do
what is up palms are you doing what is
up the Surefire why you got to do stupid
stuff why why oh just show your body
tell them hello Elsa I want your talent
who are we gonna go see tomorrow little
shit did you call it again I love the
ceiling I'm about to see yo daddy you're
gonna see for the second time I'm gonna
tell daddy huh that my dad he is your
dad whoa he is your dad lady die yes he
is yes yeah the thing is the thing is
for me is gonna be really hard for him
because because one of my uncle's came
from Mississippi so I'm gonna go visit
yeah he's my favorite my best uncle ever
so I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have to
visit him and hopefully if I have time
I'm gonna go see DJ Khaled it's too bad
is his family first what celebrity no
matter what anything if I don't have
time that I'm not gonna go see DJ Khaled
I'm gonna go see my uncle because family
comes first
okay do me anger it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoy this vibe
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey thank you guys so so
much for your love and support every
single day you guys have been showing so
much love on the vlogs every single do
you guys been going like literally
30,000 thumbs up 20,000 thumbs up let's
see if you can reach 40,000 thumbs up on
this vibe I don't know if you guys do me
a you guys can do it
40,000 times up thank you guys so so
much for your love and support I have a
little surprise for you guys
tomorrow Canada once again August 28th
Mississauga celebration square I'll see
you guys there is a free to free event
and I'm so so excited about that because
it's coming up to a couple days I'm
flying out to Canada tomorrow after
tomorrow actually I'll see you guys soon
take care oh I like so baby please be
who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of her
you
so don't let anybody tell you what
you're gonna be Oh baby you can have
anything
I can't replace him a baby upright
