today's the one-year anniversary of
Tears one year ago
tears of music video was out that you
met him
right
about her reaction you driving too fast
in the fast lane when I
now I tried to imagine and help her
through the sadness inside works gonna
be alright so baby please be who you
wanna be I know your father will be part
of or you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you gonna be oh
baby you can have anything you want from
me and
I can't replace them a baby I'm proud to
be the man
every day for the rest of my life to be
through
I can't replace it baby I'll try to quit
on the fifth day
ah hey guys what's up for do me hang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day today I'm
starting off the day by doing an
Instagram video I'm bringing it back
we're bringing back in Sierre videos and
I'm coming back strong with the homie
mas and my son I don't think he was ever
in any Instagram skit or Instagram video
so he's gonna make his first debut today
it's gonna be something this video
that's gonna be up on Instagram it's
something based on like a real situation
like it really happens to me so I got to
reenact it and do it and it should be
should be really fun are you excited oh
is it me everyone everyone wants to come
in when I'm starting to like every I'm
gonna show you guys behind the scenes
and everything of this Instagram video
should be fun ah Hamza no don't come on
the don't start with that you're gonna
have memes all over and like they're
gonna do compilations of you doing this
okay so this Instagram video involves an
iPhone so I have an iPhone one of my old
iPhones it's completely broken
I can never fix it ever again because he
got wet and it has a little baby crack I
can never ever fix this so this video
involves me cracking it so I'm gonna
really crack it so don't think I'm
cracking like a real iPhone this is just
completely gone nothing to use nothing
oh I'm hoping Moxon does good he's only
one years old if you guys do not know
are you gonna do good say yes
Wilson is gonna do good he's acting for
the first time all right guys I'm doing
some of the scenes right now and I have
to crack the phone I don't know how I'm
gonna crack it maybe like this like I
feel bad for cracking the phone even
though I was like completely destroy so
I don't know just I'm gonna just front
wow this is pretty strong like I'm
trying to crack it but it's not cracking
it's still not cranky good still no
crying okay now cracked a little bit
what's up how you doing hey see I'm
awesome
hey Maya yeah you broke your phone you
look like one
yeah how could you look at that
good job you fat first new five you did
a great job thumbs up for mustn't you
five give me back
good job I'll hold it now don't worry
you won't get caught it's just too buddy
guys one thing I noticed is when I'm
dressed like this he takes me a lot more
serious I swear to god he does not hit
me is that hadiyyah-lah go sit down
Rosita Rosita yella yella say sorry I'm
sorry is it too late now to eat a seed
why did he break my phone you broke it
why did he break my phone he's about to
cry he liked what I was thinking this
fuck I'm sorry honey
haha ready
you cry for me I'm really Adam Adam it's
like the supplier name Adam how's Goma I
can't replace him a baby I grind it be
the menu be right
my last D through
almost left my phone
don't leave your phone here blogging you
really need like a lot of confidence you
know it's it's crazy because just
holding a camera and like people
everyone in the world they're just
looking at you it's not as easy as it
looks so you got to be confident so man
you confident high demand doing good
doing good I'm hungry right now I need a
car give me a dollar pizza they come I
never have cash on me six and A six out
of eight that's all I need a Oh done I
could do nothing just save it up when
you give a shout out what do you want to
say when you were young and it was a lot
of civil right educated ever camp you're
not scared of him no way don't be scared
enough then just imagine you talking to
them yeah we're talking that's it yeah
people are great if you take care of me
you know I feel robbed that's good and
put my hand out Garcia that's how you
receive
don't open okay check every month but a
moment when I got away oh I will show
the better okay gotta go man
I don't know why but whenever I do
something when I do something good I
always want to say assalamualaikum just
suggested to get it through the head
like a Muslim guy help them because one
time I helped a person and they at the
end the other talking crap about a moat
like about Muslims and then I don't I
want them to show like you know Muslims
do help other fee I don't know it was
something I don't know if you know what
I mean it's something that I'm doing
this one time some guy violated he was a
Thomas enjoyment help and that he
stopped speaking to me Spanish I'm like
bro I'm loosing myself and I just helped
you or not I don't know I just like
giving that positive feeling you got to
be confident you look at the people but
right now right now like everything's
going to be a hundreds of thousands of
people watching so imagine this what's
more important one person looking at you
with a dirty look or a hundred thousand
people being confident smart smiling
actually that's how I see you
get it you got this you got this you see
you got this don't worry she's got I'm
sorry it was about to Casey you put on a
happy cat Hawaii but you need a car
that's my god I asked you if I can
parking now here if we can park here
election winner where you from that's me
that's you know mimic at Republic
Dominican revised Dominican home we were
something I'm Dominican aside trust me
okay I'm Dominican aside up front
I'm from Santiago wait up the angle I'm
Santiago with the plateau for the flat
what the flux yeah okay thank you so
much
yeah you can't you can't Park the be
careful they're gonna give you a ticket
exactly what I said
okay everyone starts like speaking to me
in Spanish I need to learn Spanish
surrounded I need me
I'm a loose madness I need to learn the
Spanish because like because I feel
embarrassed I quit speaking Spanish it
and I feel so bad I'm like no I don't
speak it they hate me like I'm dumb
freaking Dumbo so I need to start
learning it so I can actually reply to
like you know replying higher but yeah
just right out of about a what have you
been I'm a big fan man I've been yeah
I've been watching you got briefed on me
like your nationality Oh Ukrainian
Ukrainian what's up shut up great what's
up so I haven't seen his homies for so
so long and like now that I've seen him
like it one of them has a huge beard I
don't wanna you know got much good
everything so I'm so bad with like
memory but say what I was just an attack
and a Mahmud thank you so much I
appreciate about things alright guys so
about to meet up with slim right now and
when he comes I'm like like I give him a
pound but then my phone right here which
is the cracked phone that I use in the
Instagram video I'm gonna drop it
completely on the floor I'm not gonna
pretend he like I don't know broke my
phone so obviously a mess around with it
this is it
yes you
we had that fun
he got but what they are should've known
I didn't get him
eyewitness do not shake
come on man you took my phone
things on my phone like
enjoy my for you lying a paper Thanks
you're not gonna pay for a new one
this guy every day ah come on man
oh yeah
sweat my mom's late
take it somebody big oh man
congratula-- a moment sorry
he's a true New York in like he just I
do anything I'm a tourist you know it's
like the funniest thing ever lamb here
Chandler oh man come on bro so everybody
was already broken I so he was it me you
scratch it bro come on I gotta pull you
back for this phone Kenny back this bro
who's that Taurus get so scared the
fighting was from New York they'll like
like who you fooling
okay do me gang it is time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoy this vibe
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey I just filmed a video for
use of shadow he I never do q and A's on
my channel but he did a Q&A like asking
me questions and it was like horrible
horrible questions that you were not
only one real questions and horrible
questions like awkward I'm gonna get in
deep trouble for the video I'm telling
him not even posted so I'm gonna get Adi
trouble he's gonna post it I don't know
what know Cody's um I'm gonna call it
probably one today I don't believe in
writing probably go probably Friday or
yeah probably fry I don't know but you
guys will see it on his channel and
other than that let me update you guys
on the give away a MacBook give them
give away a MacBook
I had to put on hold because of
everything that happened but now it's
resumed everyone that's watching right
now giveaway is back I'm getting the
MacBook Pro each other tomorrow or after
tomorrow I'm going to vlog myself going
to go get it and it's back the way to
win the Mac Pro is is comment on any of
my Instagram posts and comment any vlog
of mine that you like and I'm going to
choose a random winner there and ten
winners also we're gonna get I love sign
in the vlog so I'm choosing 11 winner is
10 for the I love sign one for the
MacBook winner all all winners chosen
randomly just gonna choose randomly so I
hope you guys are ready for that I'm
sorry I have to postpone it and put on
hold but thank you guys for your love
and support I'll see you guys tomorrow
and I'll see you on the candida August
28th 3 p.m. in Mississauga celebration
square I'll be performing there it's
gonna be dope dope time I'll see you
there I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace I love you so baby please
be who you wanna be
I know your father
however you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you're gonna do
Oh baby you can have anything you want
to me any
