hello is a vanilla lemon
boy everything's good what you're doing
right here right here
hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy
damn someone is still I don't know hey
are you so mad at me why are you mad at
me Rima yeah Chris Rima is done I don't
know she's not my cards like she's just
across she's gone
and can I tell you something you saw the
video but just a crush
you saw my laptop I have a little
surprise for you everybody cuz imma need
you to get ready and I'm I need you to
get packing because we are going to
Disney World
now when I go now only me and Mawson I'm
joking hola Go Go peg go back voila
that's it
I'm made up you go up and get packing
hello we're going right now
don't pack right up guys we're going to
Disney World with my whole family this
is like a dream come true but one thing
that I'm really sad about Mawson can't
come and he won't be coming he's gonna
be staying with my mom and dad over here
because he's too young my dad is so
overprotective of him but rimas coming
through I'm taking Reema I'm taking my
sisters I'm taking I'm a whole awesome
items Isaiah Hamza Hayley and is giving
a lot of people in Orlando we have a
little mansion rented out it's gonna be
so much fun I cannot wait to you owe me
and I'll see you guys then muster you
gonna miss me why do you have my broken
camera don't have broken my are you
gonna miss me
no Holy's coming for you now are you
gonna miss me
say yes give me kiss me cuz as mrs. guy
so much seriously I wish y'all gonna
brought him my dad is so so protective
but so good Rima she's the one she's
been dying literally dying to go to
Disney World she even graduated from
pre-k and she came telling me like I
Adam what do you need me I'm like you
know what I'm gonna take up Disney World
goodbye to do me a give me a kiss tick
thumbs up say thumbs up okay okay sorry
gosh what's up guys so we're finally
asking
was gonna take swimming on crazy
adventures
who's watching the Barcelona Seville
muscle owner and I don't notice it he's
I don't know you like we like Madrid
Madrid or Barcelona
what is this how do you know what that
is today on the living room little movie
we are going to Disney World we are go
Disney World we are going to dizzy oh
yeah guys we must my brother's coming
too but I'm Rivas dad he's in another
flight because this fight was awesome
I got I got a record this moment how was
his first airplane flight and Hylas
first everybody must remember he went on
airplane once but she forgot she didn't
remember
so this airplane fight is getting funny
to try that's it it's now it's gonna be
so so funny not don't be scared I've
seen a movie final destination stop I
saw that movie but not stop first one
I'm getting a vision right now that's
not see that's crazy oh my god
look people have in your thoughts about
me sure I just got an email
yes but I do miss it was up to the blog
I got some awesome
I'm eating a ladder you guys said it
what's that bro how you doing who don't
get it
oh my gosh mom could you just oh yeah
fuck you oh yeah of course it what's up
take it
hey woman it's like that whoa laughs my
little food is like ice one of a cool
huh he's just going to go under the
Mafia is gonna be in the vlog man where
you got shot on it
cash all of mine yeah course yeah look
man here - one two three
looking on here once go three how'd it
be yeah boys - Tony yes what's up
we're not England we got some mansions
to call metrics I'ma be there in
February
ah yeah nice I'll see you guys there so
we wants me to try to win her a ball
before it gets ugly you're gonna do it
you're not gonna win it move which one
will call everyone
that's 92nd 16th are we ready Neal it's
a cyber charter how did you see someone
don't present not yet night maybe a
little bit 7:00 Rema Rema
you got a bowl yeah Reba yes Maddie was
not a dollar would a wonderful room oh
no wonder of all you where we going
right now Disney World are you happy man
the main thing for you right now
just go make still on him because I'm
telling you like the plane the put is
not gonna be fun ah
rimas making new friends while we're
here waiting for the plane to go guys so
our flight is delayed by freakin hour
one hour it's really scissor waiting how
are you doing here look at it touch your
nose look at your finger okay you finger
Doody good see now you can do it right
I do love that interest what are they
gonna make memes of your fictitious
what's the name again
harness huh thanks I guess I don't know
if I could get it is Harris Harris since
he saw me going for my he thinks I can
get him one but i'ma try my best if I
can't I'm so sorry there he's always
been terrified but i'ma try my best
olive I'm gonna do to see you do me
again he's representative duel me gonna
let me see what's up what color one
green Oh Harris you are one low man I'm
so sorry what the heck is Eva how do you
gonna do before nice are you looking for
a wife yes he's like he said he's
looking for a wife you're looking for a
wife Oh do you want to get married to
her no he said no he rejected you
huh wait from Germany nice where in
German huh
where in Germany cuz I've been to
d√ºsseldorf well yes and Cologne and
Berlin huh it's putting it
oh the only word I know it's liebe dich
ha ha ha
3 words this is ok oh I like that
that's sick ha ha that's it
oh that is so sick
whoa
that's real that's telling me this kid
just talking I just made a German get to
it
shout you guys Jovi thank you guys this
is Ben has he which has been over an
hour it's been two hours that our
fireplace we're so sleep 6:30 right I
was like literally about to be any
conscious literally planer how long has
the flight been delayed for a little
fucking our office I know it
we're literally just chilling with the
homie huh he's a kid okay change the
gate oh man we're finally going to the
airplane after like two or three hours
wait
go to diversify how much given of the
phrase a little toasted also a doorman
yes
I'm Alicia
actually justice to flee
okay how's he good that's good I see you
out there
take it I'm like on a flight like you
see I'm in I'm alone
no what's up something well I'm not
sitting like this or this makes it a
home right away from Italy Italy nice
from New York from New York New York
yeah I like accidents of like Mario it's
me Oh what's your name
Danny's you any other hiding it from me
guys I'm making new friends I wasn't it
sweet peach recognizing me with my shop
actually fucking here India nice nice my
man in here from Yemen
you know where Yemen is that yeah nice
nice nice
it's gonna be the flight how long is it
a hour to two hours should be three
three hours
I'll go to sleep I'm gonna sleep on
Daniel difficult to speak to
unfortunately the FAA requires us to
have a maximum amount of flight time and
a max amount of Duty time and they
regulate our rest time and as a result
we've now exceeded our duty day
that's the bad news good news though is
that they have two pilots ready to go
and so we're going to have the jet
bridge come up we're going to open the
door we're going to leave you're going
to have some pilots that we're supposed
to go somewhere else take you to our
land oh and then that's going to be
Macbeth when you bring more work from
off on us I mean you're happy to get out
the aircraft update your honor this day
sucks really but I feel that everyone on
this plane it's all good
gotta still smile
so we're talking with the managers right
now to figure out exactly what's going
to happen with regard to the d-o-t the
department transportation has specific
rules about how long you're allowed to
be on the airplane before you have to
get off the airplane have a chance to
rest and come back on so we're checking
into that right now with our managers
and we're checking the flight plan and
the fuelling and everything else I can
tell you there's a huge number of
airplanes out there we just came in from
this there's probably at least 50 or 60
airplanes waiting to take off right now
I don't know what the situation is going
to be I just want at least give you a
heads-up that calf and I are here the
plane is fueled obviously we're getting
our flight plan talking to dispatch and
getting an idea of what this is all
going to look like and as soon as we
have an idea here in the next few
minutes we'll give you an update on
whether or not you're gonna be getting
off the plane and getting back on or
what the plan is gonna be okay
I don't even know what's going on this
thing is just annoying I just want to
see I feel like going home and I don't
want to do nothing I apologize for the
delay for right now go ahead and stay in
the immediate vicinity of the gate I
don't really have any more information
on the security issue you may be able to
find out more looking at the internet or
whatever but for right now just stay in
the gate area we'll get you back on
board as quickly as we can if we do get
an update about any kind of
cancellations or anything like that
obviously they'll be announcing that
right there at the gate leave that
airplane now like it's confirmed leaving
there
yeah might get another plane might be
canceled
we're out of the airplane we've been
here literally around five six hours now
no no not like faster showers they're
supposed to be two three-hour journey
and it turns out being crazy shout out
to the homes from Manchester right here
they're waiting they're going to our
land or two but then man you think the
inter cancel it or not oh I hope they
don't cancel I'll be mad obviously so
after kids left is the way they cancel
you have to go back home we just gotta
wait subloan driven patience is key
it didn't say nothing but it yeah it
won't they won't say because they wanted
this they didn't want to get people
scared yeah and then so his family my
family seen the news and they opened the
news and people were shooting in this
terminal around here and they're doing
like an investigation that's the real
reason why we can't be going to stuff
like that because they keep saying
thunderstorm there's no thunderstorm or
nothing like that so and it shows right
here look see police respond to reports
of shots fired inside seminar JFK
Airport police responding 9:30 p.m.
witnesses they heard two shots fired
well what time is right now it's 10
o'clock what do you think gonna have
enough huh so Mohammed thinks this is
like punk teething Ashton Kutcher is
gonna comfortable and be like guys
you've been punked yeah I wish it I can
really happen but can't even make the
story up I know I owe mr. Kingston comes
in late
I know then you get on the plane here
they tell you
you know that we have to wait for the
other people to do oh my god and then
the storm then the Winchester pilots
have to get out yeah but the real reason
is the New Yorkers truly glad I don't
know it something happened but we'll be
good at doing
Oh passengers please stay exactly where
you are do not try to leave this
terminal and go over to the other side
wall suspended please to stay
please cooperate state
as we are now in the uber I founded la
pomme de la Hamlet thank you I love
everything right now is completely fine
everything was good I must show you guys
and explain to you guys what went on
from beginning to end because this is
the scariest thing that has ever
happened to me in my life the scariest
thing ever so we were on the plane going
to Orlando with all of us thought was
we're going I got delayed once and we
didn't know why they were saying it was
traffic those 50 to 60 airplanes and
something like that so everyone bought
that waited another like whole hour in
the airplane and then everyone was like
get out the airplane and wait outside
there's a security issue or something
like that and they were like check
online check out social media something
like that so once I heard them say that
I would go on Twitter and I just look up
JFK the first thing I see is that
terminal 8 there's been shots fired
no nobody know at the time it was a
false shot or whatever everyone at the
time was so scared because they said
breaking news shots fired in JFK and
terminal II wish to the terminal I was
in and there was another shot fired at
another terminal that was right next to
us so we're all scared waiting inside
the airport and then we hear the speaker
saying guys do not leave wait here
something like that wait here stay and
everyone everyone is afraid around
everyone is so afraid because stuff like
this has been happening lately and it's
really scary like there are little
shooting
movie theater shooting it's so scary
scary scary position especially when you
have kids around doing my whole family
like with me was so so scary so we're
all sitting down at the airport and then
I believe there was two people like
arguing or something like that and then
someone I don't know try to pull out
something and then everyone assumed that
that person had like a gun or something
he was like a shooter so everyone in the
airport was screaming I don't know
happen and a lot of people were running
away so when they see those people
running away
hello is a vanilla
we begin
sorry Lola
shoulder
what you doing everything's good what
you're doing
the warning is good to be much it's a
good remark
people went ran out we went out through
the emergency exit where the airplane
were like lands and takes off so I ran
out with my family at that place and it
was the scariest thing ever because
everything was happening like I didn't
know what was going on and like rhemas
there crying thinking she didn't know
what the heck was going on at one point
Reema was lost I grabbed her literally I
had to grab her by the neck and like and
run and then my brother-in-law he was
lost to us it was literally so freaking
scary everyone was crying no one knew
what was going on
no one knew anything all everyone knew
was that they thought there was a
shooter right in front of our face
because there was an argument he tried
to pull out something so everyone
thought something was going down and
everyone started running people are
falling babies were crying families it
was literally chaos I want made it even
scarier like the freaking I don't know
what it was the FBI our bomb squad or
Homeland Security you know the security
the police not remedies like the top cop
police the people who take care of like
the president they came they literally
came with like guns they everyone had to
have to keep their hands up even rima
have to keep your hands up everyone had
to keep their hands up and they have to
like check everyone take the bags throw
the bags check people's bags everyone
had to evacuate out went to come back in
but handle everything well those
Homeland Security they helped so much so
huge shout out to them they helped a lot
literally saved us they saved us so huge
who shadow to them and a huge shout-out
to you guys for all your prayers and
thoughts thank you guys so much I do not
know what's gonna happen from now on
just keep us in your prayers because my
family is literally scarred for life
like this is this was supposed to be
their first time going on airplane and
it's a horrible horrible experience
Reema
is scared for a life to step in any
plane right now
literally crying and bad to tell her
it's a fire drill and she had to calm
down is the scariest thing of my freakin
life
that being said thank you guys so much
for literally caring and all your love
and support I'll see you guys tomorrow
do me Hank take care and peace I love
you please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what
Oh baby you can have anything you want
to me
