it says I have to fill the tube with
saliva - the black wavy line that means
I have to fill in saliva into this this
is gonna be a nasty DNA test one two
three hey guys what's up a dummy gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day I see
Muhsin
literally copy me copies everything I do
I was trying to start the intro alone
and then he was crying and you wanted to
get in so he literally wants it to be in
the video and you just fell when I get
up say hi oh yeah whenever the cameras
on he hits me it's like what the heck
like this is a what's wrong with you so
I'm gonna start off this vlog by saying
I will be in Canada August 28th 3 p.m.
I'll be in Mississauga
I believe Mississauga is in Toronto so
on everybody around the Toronto area
Mississauga come through August 28th 3
p.m.
Mississauga celebration square that's
the location where I'll be performing
the event in Canada Mississauga it's
Muslim fest but everyone is welcome I've
seen a lot of you tweeting saying oh do
you have to be Muslims to come no you
don't you can be from wherever everyone
is welcome to come of all ages just
because it's called Muslim fest doesn't
mean anyone who's not Muslim is not
allowed everyone is welcome
the whole public is welcome free
admission you do not need any tickets
anything like that just come through to
Mississauga celebration Square and it's
gonna be an amazing amazing I can't wait
to you guys
I haven't been to Canada before my son
was born I've been to Canada before this
do it even existed this is this is crazy
so I'm so excited to be back I'll be
doing your free meeting greet right
after the show so make sure you guys
come through and I'll see you guys let's
do it then do the legit breaking up
doesn't this do it is pretty seriously
praying right uh deep this dude started
praying while I was like vlogging what
the heck is going what does he do
I'll see you guys in Canada Mississauga
it's gonna be an amazing amazing time
if you guys want bring posters and like
that
of like what you guys I want to show you
guys and I want it to be an amazing
amazing time in Canada you can have a
dinner for a while see I'll see you
there
Watson is so bad nothing never comes to
this
hi doggie he's little staring at I like
what is that Hey she listened to chicken
I mustn't sit sit
I can't thank you so much go on you do
man
hi there give me your hand give me stop
you soon before we shoot can you get
each other so we stopped by to get some
food for Hamza and all of us and Mawson
he got worse than before I want to
handle we have to wait until this thing
rings go here what kind of snack - what
this kid needs the super Arab nanny once
again he's seriously he needs her even
cry from her let me cut what
why does this dude want to touch
everything and he walks so we're like
stop touching everything is not good
yes so I just got here
so hands in Heidi's house Hailey's here
Hamza is right here I'm just joking
houses downstairs in the bathroom right
now and I have something really really
cool that I'm going to show you guys at
the end of this vlog I'm so so excited
about it because so dope house a family
came here yes DJ college is on a diet
I love this toy we got from Orlando
thank you skip
I'm sorry if it's so echoing here hi I
don't want to chop this off hello we're
gonna drop it down the roof yeah I go oh
bring it back up
hey that's my school what mr. Shue
tomorrow's why would you rip that
picture of hands-on stuff come on
as it is you add three more of these
Moses mode rip that picture Hamza it's
at least in your car but have you seen
these ABS oh let me see absolute hell as
you can but this is slow motion okay
face it they have the muscle they got a
nice backpack is hard okay guys let me
give you guys a little hit what I'm
doing
towards the end of the vlog so I got
something mailed to me and it is called
the ancestry DNA actually I bought it
myself it was like one hundred two
hundred dollars and I've always wanted
to do this my whole life
I'm gonna find out where I'm actually
from my taking this DNA test you haven't
opened the Bailey kid I don't know to be
honest after you I think I'm gonna be a
hundred percent Middle Eastern because
my parents would have told me something
no honey Puerto Rican is that beer you
go again like I said I always thought it
to be
I can't
the things I'm going to be Puerto Rican
high-end it thinks I'm going to be South
American what country South America
she's gonna be I don't know Brazilian he
says put her you can opting 100% Middle
Eastern you guys let me know what the
heck is he to it what are you doing
why do oh my god this dude it is to get
on timeout
how long everybody okay that's it it's
enough
Oh chefs gonna have good hey so Youssef
just came we're about to go out he's
gonna eat and then we gonna go get a
little Starbucks and talk about YouTube
because Youssef just started YouTube and
you know uncle Adam has to like you know
give some good tips good Khan so I
missed his camera he has a camera the
same camera that my one drowned in the
ocean he got it so I got me an iced
mocha me news over here to have a talk
was the wrong one they give me wrong on
the back I remember when I started
YouTube at the same age at 18 years old
he's 18 not started YouTube 18 so look
at look at look turn this YouTube career
journey whatever you do the fund even
respond you're gonna go through a lot of
days they I want to go through the base
but you have to ignore them and move on
guys you're to focus on yourself be
positive focus on your viewers the
people who make you have focus on the
people around you that making you happy
go focus on the people were making you
negative do what you want half my
wedding it's crazy now that he's in
youtubers like I don't feel left out
because when I was with him I always
pull out the camera now that he's with
me yeah like he he pulls out his camera
and it's kind of a shame because he
hasn't even put me on his blog like he
uploaded three videos ready and I'm not
even I just I just started last week
yeah
how is work that's create everyday I
have to be in his blog today that'll be
Nev like I said I'm the jogger
subscribes usually already got 25k like
in like a week so mashallah is going
great so far
you got to see it in the link down below
okay guys so me and how they're having
an argument
she's saying she likes Camila better
from fifth Army I love Lauren
guys I found a new crush Lauren she is
bathed so much she is I know Lauren is
Camila is good unless she's amazing but
Lauren is oh my gosh she's beautiful
yeah but don't ever say that she's
beautiful Lauren guys if you guys are
watching this tweet Lauren tell her to
follow me on twit I'm a okay follow
me children
that's not following Lauren Oh a 91
natural was a follower
nationals Lauren I heart you yours
no comes back keep it Adam Lord let them
look at me come on Lauren I want to put
you in a vlog I want it yours you're
like BAE you're seriously perfect Lauren
she is bit oh my god she's big Lauren
tell her tell her what what the hell is
find a vacuum maybe two dollars for the
space huh I'll give you two dollars for
this case time I first saw Ezra that
that case is not worth $2 someone gave
it to me is worth millions and millions
of millions of dollars
don't you ever offer to it always
survives really why I know they're
digging that's why I want it do me gang
starting tomorrow I'm gonna be hitting
the gym
again I'm gonna do a little warm-up
right now little pad work with Yousef so
yo goes and Hamza by Hamza you know Ali
vote I gave him these gloves and he says
I don't have to please watch you happy
with this guy Rick Ross which takes off
his shirts then they're like
performances and stuff like 1 2 3 4
what do you think I'm from you Runyan
I'm from Yemen eat what if it doesn't
come from your life assassin from the
lay people from Zimbabwe what if it says
I'm from South Africa what if it says
I'm from like Ireland or something no so
I'm not from yeah then I'm a see right
now I'm gonna go right now I'm gonna
check where I'm really from ready well
yeah me show you guys the truth this is
gonna show you guys where I'm really
from ready Michael touch okay do me gang
it is time I'm so scared to open this
because I do not know what to expect but
I'm about to open this DNA ancestry
thank you I feel like I'm like having
like a Maury
like you are the father like okay I
don't know what this is activate kit
online with the head collection bag what
the heck is this there's like shots and
like little blue stuff in here look at
this it says I have to fill the tube
with saliva to the black wavy line that
means I have to fill in saliva into this
this is gonna be a nasty DNA test I
opened it up I don't know why I'm
excited to put in saliva into this I've
got to put saliva in this and then after
that replace the funnel with the cap the
funnel and what this blue thing is I
don't know what it is
so Rima what I'm doing is I'm taking
like a DNA test to find out where I'm
really from I ready to watch it yeah you
excited um where am i from yeah I'm not
from New York I'm from Yemen you know
where Yemen is it yeah well Yemen is
where's Yemen
flowey where is it really really really
really it's really far away like how far
two thousand and a million far away
Ahriman I'm gonna put my saliva into
this so if you want close your eyes you
can close your eyes if you are you okay
ready guys disgusting I don't want you
guys looking at this alright of course
it does he
yeah drink it what guys I'm almost there
they told me even if it's bubbles at the
continued spitting until the bubbles are
not there has to be like liquid kind of
saliva this is kind of disgusting but it
should be worth it you can see here the
spit is up to there it's almost to the
black line the rest are just bubbles I'm
almost there okay now I got to remove
the funnel and put this little blue
thing Oh put this little blue thing on
top of it is that funnel is removed I
got to replace it with this blue thing I
don't know how I got to close it okay
shake the tube for at least five seconds
one two three four five I said at least
five seconds so that means I could go a
little longer okay guys I am pretty much
done at least five seconds after this
I'll put it into this little tube right
here and I mail this to them now I have
to mail this to them and we're gonna
wait six to eight weeks and we're gonna
know where I'm really from like where my
answers are from where I wouldn't know
where I'm from I know from Yemen but
that there has to be something I don't
know you guys gotta let me know the
comments below thank you crazy I'm not
drinking or even you guys ever known a
comment below name a country where you
think I'm going to be from whoever gets
a right we'll see if you guys get her if
you guys are going to see me take me
take it to the mail a post office to
mail it I'm so excited
it is time to wrap up this vlog I hope
you all enjoy this vibe you did make
sure
give it up and thumbs up if you guys are
excited as I am for the DNA results to
come in
I feel like series I feel like the more
you show something like that right like
Adam you are the father of Rima you
watch that you're too young to watch
that let me watch that with the head
I'll see you guys tomorrow do me a make
sure you guys subscribe and because I'll
put videos over here every single day
and you guys are almost at 1.5 million
subscribers on my main channel and
almost at 1.5 million subscribers on
this channel altogether that's almost 3
million subscribers that's crazy you
guys are killing it thank you guys so so
much I can't thank you guys enough you
guys are seriously so amazing and so
dedicated and I appreciate every single
one of you guys thank you guys so much
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and I love you I love you more
no I love you more no I love you so baby
please be who you wanna be I know your
father will be
gonna be so Lola any
I tell you what you're gonna be Oh baby
you can have anything you want for me
