dumi gay this shots for you hey guys
what's up adieu me Aang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing night so if I'm having an
amazing day you won't
are you guys having an amazing day what
about you what about you yes right now
we are heading to go visit a house that
I might buy for my family so I don't
know hopefully it turns out great and
I'm gonna take you guys I know this is
like it's been taking long to buy the
house but trust me patience is key
sovereign
jameelah we're finding the right one
this put this this one is in New York
I'm not gonna say where exactly yet but
we're gonna go visit it and see it and
monthly keeps talking taking over they
want a song you guys want to put us on
what the heck are you doing that's Long
Island City it looks beautiful
Oh
guys Rema has about watched today's blog
well rather watch yesterday so I'm never
gonna measure enough and how much is
wait and see no no no those Rima
did you watch today's vlog did you watch
today's vlog did you watch it
okay don't watch it okay don't watch it
did you
should be careful when you're driving
you Jackson
whoa what the heck this is crazy
hi do me hang I am here about to give
you guys this tour of this house and
some ladies didn't give us a whole tour
I try to convince us to get it I'm
loving it right now so far and I need
you guys to help me out you guys are
going to be a big part of trying to get
this house it is inside out and I'm not
going to show no address or North End
literally around 15 16 people from my
family are here right now they came with
two cars this one and that one just to
go see the house
so i'ma start off by showing you guys
the front yard of it the front yard is
amazing I'm looking at right now and it
is a huge huge house this is the front
yard of it right there this is house you
walk through here the pathway of more
success
and you go to the door this is beautiful
let's do this
this is dope this is sick to be honest
actually in a place where you can film
and make some dope stuff and just lift
really and then it's gonna be a brand
new journey from here it's gonna be
crazy and have a huge announcement to
make and have some crazy stuff something
to say also that I saw you guys before
but something cool this is one of the
kitchens over here they have an electric
stove a regular grill Khanna stove this
is like a dinner table as well so they
like you know let's say you go away or
something it's like one person there's
he doesn't shine you can shut like your
room has its own thermostat this is Dora
this is big this is wow this is huge I
like this pool too huh huh I like the
way this is dope yeah listen yeah yeah
okay one other choice is what I'm
telling you about dope beer huh guys you
see this is another door when you first
came in the front door yeah behind the
piano there's another kitchen in the
luzern nice pool here so many bedrooms
this is like literally like close to
like I mentioned is don't hi how's it
going look at this this is this is the
whole living room I don't know you guys
I want you guys to help me on the
comments below let me know if this is
like a cool disco upstairs
there's another room here and you can go
upstairs again this is sick what's
staring I was like the Attic kind of
thing so bathroom here I like it looks
nice
another room here then another kind of
addict kind of thing I'm liking it so
far but I don't want to rush things but
I want you guys tell you how you guys
gonna be a big part of where like I'm
gonna be living you guys are gonna give
us like give me a big part so I want you
guys to help me out what do you guys
what you guys think should I get this
before someone else gets it or I need to
go out to the pool like it's a must this
is the like six beautiful do you like
this house
Rima should I get this house yeah why
what's your favorite part you want to
live you want to live up there we'll put
room in the attic I'm gonna put you in
the roof okay she said okay she agrees
now I'm gonna give you a nice big room
you're gonna get a nice big room let's
go check the other room come on I
already saw here Remo show them again
Remo need to get town guys this is like
a dream come true like me living here
with my parents and bringing me bringing
my family together to one huge house is
like a dream that I have like been
dreaming but all this is dope we came
upstairs and then we got here you see
this is nice this is a hug on the
wraparound Terrace oh wow nice I don't
see this I didn't see this hole hmm this
is a balcony do me game there's a
balcony you
as a basketball court here guys that's
it that's it is over
this house is amazing like what do you
think Ghana said I get her and I think
it's better than the houses in Brooklyn
yeah he thinks huh oh well there's nine
feet you know mine ain't basketball pool
yeah OMG this is gorgeous
there's another thing here oh I didn't
see this bar this is about what no
freakin way this is a boy deck yo what
the Freak I do mean I visit Jacuzzi in
the back this is gonna I'm beat I don't
be vlogging here like take hell oh my
god this is dump there's a freakin
Jacuzzi in the bathroom oh this is one
thing I need to know are they gonna have
this in the bathrooms I would have
created it and make sure to that like
mean all the middle eastern mebon we
have like where did you just wash your
butt do me those and you I think
everyone needs old do you like it yeah
you like it why are you holding my hand
scared to go honey he's scared to go
down the stairs this is the basketball
court guys imagine the crazy vlog
footage I can have here I'm at this is a
nine people imagine the crazy videos I
can do here the crazy dope adventures I
can go here with my whole family I think
is dope you guys you guys let me know
what eat a Hamza go no I mean ask the
Honda guys house I'm dinner with you
you're moving along huh now he won't
move it over here's a little bit but if
mommy as you know can you move in with
us oh he'll move in huh dinner good ask
her well whatever it was it I'm just
gonna move in with us you're gonna move
up guys already know if my whole family
moves it moves in here the Addams Family
we're gonna be the loudest people here
we're gonna cause chaos
gimme ratchet and it's the only thing
game is even sonic another it's
beautiful nice quiet neighborhood it
looks like everyone here is nice and the
only thing is if I do get this house I'm
gonna have to hook it up even more I had
like Arab by I'm from Yemen so I gotta
do some Yemen pictures in there Yemen
tap ad1 like Yemen types of floors like
I gotta you know hook it up
I gotta make a dump so I'm loving this
so far my whole family's loving it it's
all on you guys and it's all on the
person that's selling it right now to
see how it goes
so I wanna read here I don't know you
have it this several even a couple
thumbs up if you guys I want a thumbs up
if you guys think this house is perfect
fit
dumi gay this shots for you guys okay
guys measure all the video like a pickle
in it wasn't one he likes it oh he go
annoying I want his whole body back
second it's so hot as like a hundred
degrees right now
whoa how's the cone I don't wanna throw
you in the water all the waters gonna
come out
my mom is looking at the house right now
on the show her work she loves it
you guys heard her you guys heard some
over but she loves it and she's
literally crazy
I'm over she win it she's like I'm gonna
take off my shoes like no soy you don't
say like no no Mateo I'm like ma 22-inch
something baracy the first thing she
said she wasn't she grabbed the lady she
was like how far is the Masjid for me I
wanna paint on how far is my like macho
girl the mesh I looked up like a lie it
was like ten minutes away say okay ten
minutes away mention okay this is crazy
I'm loving this avoids dope I think this
again my editing room I'm already like
planning things ahead watched my home my
mom like she's gonna plan she's gonna be
the boss of me and fund everything so so
there you guys go you guys seen it the
houses and that house is in New York and
just to let you guys know the houses in
New York they're double triple if not
ten times the amount of any other state
in America they're one of the most
expensive houses the thing is I do not
want to leave New York how do you want
to go to Jersey I didn't want to go to
like Pennsylvania I want to stay in New
York guys so I'm at the homie right here
we used to go to the same school now we
go to the same school Medina school
I was in 12th grade he was a six and he
was literally this tall and that
mashallah he got a beard boy this is
dope man I see you tonight right here
bro are you doing Brotherhood
oh man well what you want to say and do
you want to say mama
yeah kids fucking shot Facebook huh you
like a fucking shit on Facebook
i'ma beat you up like in total shock
Facebook technical shopping shopping
this is my this is my
lazy Caldecott he's fearing the movie
theater right now Sheepshead Bay she's a
shy season
Sheepshead the sheep's head or sheep
shed she said that's it I don't know
it's an area in illogical any movie we
have some final one for Suicide Squad
20:16 out
Oh
okay
let's go baby this is calm it's this
and kid
this game is bullshit
Oh
we just got done watching the movie the
movie was was a genius movie kind of
dirty and it's pretty crazy me he was
really funny and it was funny in the
middle like 40 parts on it had a couple
weird like sawed-off hilarious and then
like it dragged on and ended in the
worst way daddy you want to know like I
didn't know was rated R man use of house
clothes inside I was like bro like a
slim he's such a punk
he's type of guy to put like like rumors
at such a small crush members a person
some apples here's my question my
question he's like so you guys dating
I'm like no we're not sick so you're in
the friend zone you're the friend zone I
we speak you're the friend zone Anna
Adam taboo and I don't ever did Anna
Donna with a hug what that I have to do
to any day with a high father so must
have a guy like whatever girls like also
like I love taking walks into my god is
so cool
I love like he's probably like he's a
cupcake that's what he is I'm not a
cupcake that's why I'm not in a
relationship because I'm not I'm not
company why I'm in a relationship with a
GU Niang is cool but slam you know he's
a cupcake Nick Tampa Bay is more stem
what i'ma put another class you're a
cupcake so you say you're never Sophia
coming you're like glue stuck you're
glue we're going with the friendzone you
want to tell me that you love her you
want her to be a while but she should be
like you my brother that's a friend okay
as a friends now
say what you want say what I'm saying
same song name is like you know his
whole album save my life
hi guys we have a little surprise in
guys there's this show called what's
called American Ninja Warrior American
Ninja
or you do like obstacles and stuff and
they keep assigning me up to right now
and I'm not sure you guys the Arab
American Ninja Warrior stuff like this
it's not that clear but oh my gosh you
have any connection
I'll jump I would a big jump right there
boom I would've got it I got it
Adam is coming out of retirement huh
he's slightly saturated look it's girl
oh okay okay I'm gonna be swimming if
you say I'm ready you guys ready play
what do you think component and I do it
jump in what do you guys think tomorrow
it says shooting competition so it
trains you for the competition yes so
tomorrow you'll get a taste of what we
like and we'll see you again oh I can do
it I can do it guys let me know the
comments head
let me know if I should go I want
embarrass myself I'm so confident again
I can do it I can do it I feel about our
American Ninja Warrior I want you to be
confident in me I'm coming
just waiting awesome Thank You Ola good
I win the whole thing
Wow see you dummies yaaaa you're big I
know you do a lot of the shit like move
the crane shit some other shit is a
crane my sling I'm crazy
you don't have these I'm too crazy
new boxing as your Terry you fell off
I'm jumping you say good I was on a
these and easy slip place every time
it's a blog you fell my blog you before
this chair everybody I never knew New
York has like these yachts you can run
out yachts so we might ran out yachts
one day and it looks dope look at this
lay this yet this is dope what's up
duckies you got a little cool out here
how you guys doing hi look up here
dougie check this out yeah he's trying
to show me his shirt I got night vision
on cuz it's like really dark black black
skull don't trust and black I don't know
I don't know what's that mean
real find out tell me I'm I don't find
out I'm too slow to like put it just put
it on YouTube
put it on YouTube you'll find out hi
guys you guys tell me what does this
mean all the gangsters will try this at
home kids
well
this is why should be an American Ninja
Warrior America good job don't hurt
yourself Yousef kids don't try this at
home
oh that's close metal I don't hurt my
said yes I'm saying guys I don't know
why I'm letting him do it
he's a be careful don't do it smell are
gonna so loud my name Allah see it's
taller they're broke one kid yeah I got
again there's something small guys top
it off for me guys this time make enjoy
your American Ninja Warrior
I'm coming out for you guys doing it man
I still do it is I'm lifer I got you
taking off the socks oh it sounds coming
off doing that every time I go on my
phone pull my phone he's looking they're
looking family's like put my phone so I
wasn't out the Faldo is good black but
it's not before you do it type a cup in
the door hmmm maybe in a try we just do
it just do it
sometimes Savage Adam got to come out
she was so swollen don't try this at
home
see this crazy thing jump over that over
there ready still doing it
Arab American Ninja Warrior oh gee he's
a bar sale depends on takeout again
he's that one take a bow be safe
yup everybody messes with charcoal oh
sorry see you guys in a few
so you're I know you go there is he qei
hi baby
he's okie what's his name Nicholas hi
Nicholas so you fire big fire good job
he's occupy thank you so much hey guys
if you guys do not know Yusuf is
starting a YouTube channel I told him he
should start because he has a whole
nother let me go to light here he has
like a whole nother like not like
another life but another like part of
like my Addams family life was say F and
everything that he does and it doesn't
get vlog so I'm like you know what like
and he has a lot of spare time in his
hands
and I don't why I'm doing stupid things
out there so just
yes you do sometimes do dumb stuff I
worry about joy now so hopefully he can
get a camera down he's gonna do like
some crazy adventures he has a lot he
has different mindsets he may he may
seem quiet and shy but he's not he has a
different mindset and I'm looking
forward to it I'm looking forward his
first video might be up tomorrow Sunday
so yeah I'll link you guys tomorrow
hopefully turns out maybe quiet on your
flight like good ideas be you be
yourself testing be yourself okay do me
a it's time to wrap up this vlog I hope
you all enjoy it like if you did make
sure you give a thumbs up and go turkey
do me act thank you guys so much for I
love support every single day you guys
show so much love so much support and it
truly means the world thank you guys so
so much I have a little surprise for you
guys and surprised with my whole family
on Sunday but the vlog will be out
Monday so it's gonna be a dope dope
surprise so stay tuned for it and I'm
excited for it give me something really
really though something that my whole
family has dreamed of so it should be
dope
I'll see you guys tomorrow and stay
tuned and take care of our pets I like
so baby please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be so don't let any
Oh baby you can have anything you want
Sammy
