hey guys what's up it do me hanging I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing it you all should
be having an amazing happy day you guys
will not believe what the heck just
happened so I'm here getting ready
putting on my hunt gear on getting my
binoculars ready trying to go you know
get a go look for my crush then I get
this text and the text is from my crush
so when I get the text I see it was like
Adam I got your letter thank you for the
gesture it was nice meeting you and I'm
thinking like you know this gotta be a
prank
this is slim again I called slim slim
swore it was not him then after that I
looked closely in the text and when I
seen the text was iMessage and when sub
was texting me was not iMessage iMessage
is a real number so I texted back I'm
like oh thank you so much isn't that and
then I asked her I was they all can we
like like FaceTime can we I needed see
if it's like it's really you and then
she was kind of like weirded out she was
like what the heck is going on we
FaceTime and it's really hurt it's my
freaking it's my freaking crush she
texted me so slow that prank you did my
crush really texted me and this is this
is crazy because you guys got over
30,000 thumbs up you all wanted to see
her you all so now I'm really here I
didn't know if I was gonna see her about
what to go look for anyways you guys got
30,000 thumbs up just for me to go look
for her so now she replied back and then
I texted her I was like yo like you when
I meet up I didn't ask you guys on
Twitter I was a yo ask you guys if I
should ask her if I should see her today
that all you guys were saying yes most
of you guys were saying yes so after I
was like yo do you want to like come see
you today so like that and she said yes
she said yes so I'm gonna go see my
crush right now and it is like I don't
know what's going on it's like I
literally have like 40 minutes to get
ready and allows going on so I need to
get ready to go see my crush and I don't
even know I don't want to put like she
doesn't know what's going on and I don't
want to put like a camera in her face I
don't really want to
show her like that okay this is the
hardest part getting ready and get out
of seeing what to wear when I don't see
I don't know what to wish I weigh this
gray shirt I don't I don't know it's
pretty sure good yes or no all of it
gray shirt yes yay or nay I don't know
I'm not feeling it let's change it I
don't know let's try this white little
t-shirt kind of sweater like a thing
maybe this will look cool I don't know
is this tea though yes no um now like a
snowman maybe I should go like you know
dressed classy imma try this on guys
this is like the first time I'm doing
something like this so I'm really
nervous and I hope you guys are like
kind of excited too
I hope you guys are excited as I am I
don't know cuz like this is is gonna be
kind of weird and she has no clothes
going on gonna have to tell her I'm
gonna tell her everything I don't even
know this is a date I don't know this is
I don't know if I'm going to take her
out to go eat and hopefully all of wait
I'm not no I'm not feeling this I'm not
no I'm not feeling this I'm not feeling
it guys
I seriously don't know what the heck to
choose I don't know what to choose you
know what I'm gonna go with this great
sweater with this great t-shirt matter
of fact the first one that I will Yemma
wear this
yeah actually you need something you
need something on top of it maybe this
jacket make it look a little more dope
okay alright okay yeah this is it yeah
this one is it yeah this is it this is
it guys I got 20 minutes to meet to me
which was to me 20 minutes I'm around
meeting like 30 minutes away I'm gonna
be extra late Adams secret Cologne you
know exam I super clone hold up come on
oh man don't tell me please do not tell
me he's done guys my freak esc' my fetus
sukoon is done nah come on please don't
I want to put on for breeze again
oh man what the Freak oh my gosh gonna
go get my brothers or my mom's Cologne I
got so I got my mom's I got her perfume
I don't even know my dad hides his
Cologne my brother I can't go to his
room he's locked he's sleeping um what
the hell is a Victoria's Secret I don't
know smells pretty good
smells like Rema Rema uses alright this
shoes nothing to sign it's just freaking
air why is this top screwed alright I
got I got the only Cologne I can find is
my mom's perfume this is like Elizabeth
5th out of you know what smells like
woman smells like my mom it's all good
as always I got something about looking
good all ready to go I'm not ready to go
I'm ready to go guys I'll see you guys
in the next shot come take us way going
we're going somewhere that you don't
want to know what gonna get married
he's y'all know we're going on a date
seriously ya know why you guys care
about who cares I'm hot
screw her she don't snitch on me no yeah
well too bad what about this you know um
let's just say right I agree so she's
gonna watch it is well I'm not even
gonna say she did ask me nothing so
she's gonna see tomorrow we're gonna see
don't snitch on me just wait till
tomorrow
stitches she won't be me up I gotta see
whether in a few here
take care wish me luck okay cuz I'm
going on a date this might be your aunty
okay this is my beer aunty
okay okay I'll see you in a few right
it's my be aunty okay okay
are you happy for me or no yeah what
about you fighting has been be so
jealous what oh my god
I didn't what where is she at my house
oh I do want to see a movie please yeah
traitor oh my god I do it don't bring
real please do not bring Remo
keep her away for for like two three
days okay okay I'll see you out if you
take care okay but so I'm in the uber
right now I'm on my way to go I don't
know if this is a date I don't know this
is I don't know what it is but I'm kind
of nervous
and that seems I'm kind of confident too
because I don't know I'm ready I'm ready
Adams you know was ready but I was so
kind of nervous because I don't know
what to expect I don't know how she is I
don't know like I don't know how she's
gonna react I was getting pretty crazy
I'm going on a date are you happy for me
you're not happy for me no guys just
started raining outside but the sun is
shining on I don't know why when the Sun
shines let me let me something good is
gonna happen shell blossom
the sun is shining shining on me I hope
you guys can see it but there's a
rainbow right here you see it guys is
the rainbow love it right there you see
it right there
this rain is so much so there's a
rainbow today it's raining and the sun
is shining this is gonna be a weird day
I don't know gonna be really where this
weird weather so must be a weird day
this is making me more nervous
hi guys I am here I came a little bit
late but she's also running a little bit
late I've cut it Otto imagine imagine
this whole thing's like a prank but like
slick comes out with a wig I'll get so
mad I probably slept over here that's so
fighter but like you ho are imagine my
heart is waiting for me like look on the
lookout for me like
I'm scared for my odds actually here
life is so weak all right guys the coast
is clear
gasma texted me she told me to go to the
place she works at and it's gonna be so
awkward because look at me I go man no
again I'm gonna meet all our coworkers
and it's going to be so like meteor
family that's awkward
yessuh
have a lot of emotions going on like
through mother what if like I see her
and she's like okay I wanted to tell you
something I'm Mary get away
well my husband comes and beats you up
that happens
I'm squaring up that's it that's it I
love you heartbroken I'd like oh my god
you
why should I want to have 13 kids how
many kids you wanna um none none know
better be prepared for 13 good 13 kids
I don't six boys seven girls two twins
one triplet that's it
should we get this is like healthy food
I got a salad oil vinegar and I got
strawberry lemonade what'd you get
yeah lemon chicken eyes what possibly I
got the same thing but I got some pasta
oh we got the same thing
she's getting serviced she's eating
healthy I'm getting regular marshmallows
that looks sick
this is dope
I'm in the bathroom right now I'm still
kind of nervous but it's going well he's
she's really dope she's being cool and
um I don't know what's I don't know
what's gonna happen from here
yes he's putting on lip gloss what does
that mean I have to talk to ya weirder
for 40 years when the 44 I said Jim
right there not to go work out right now
with the whole new couch there what's up
let's sell what's up man don't crash the
super coach knows fight if you die you
die with me it's okay
I got you
I got us somebody called her I don't
know how they found out where she like
works but what do they what do they say
so somebody had pulled my job and asked
for me and I never get calls at works
and they said that they asked me if I
was Egyptian and German he said that
Adam or somebody had come to my job a
couple weeks back
they just wanted to see what I looked
like and I said it wasn't me like
honestly I swear I'm a liar I never told
anyone like we're sure I never told
anyone
Chris I never told they know where she
works but I guess they got lucky
i'ma tell metell i'ma tell everybody
where you work ah she's a makeup artist
at she's a makeup artist class number
but she's sweet she's a sweetheart so my
mom
don't hate me girls like not know isn't
my friend texted me saying it's you
right
so when he texted me take it but he
texted me saying the truth I believed it
so I had a whole combo out a whole combo
and then he ended up revealing that it's
like not that so that's why I didn't
mean to put you in like public eye so it
was pretty much Slim's fault like yeah
and when I was coming to see you today I
thought was gonna be him again well tell
slim that we got beef now okay slow
everybody want stop me know what you
think about my letter I was
hello what's what's his name
hi Joffrey what up homie what up homie
you Joshua oh you're right I was
violating us not to have an iced caramel
latte
yeah what was me
that's right
for three
crazy come I will do
yeah
to call the cops on you for doing what
have a beautiful day take care sneeze
freeze yeah soon as weather go crazy and
I told her chill out
she's wild right Luz Eterna cover
something
she's covering those oh do be gay I am
back and I just want to say that they
went pretty well pretty well what pretty
good um I took me honest I don't know
like I didn't really want to put her I
didn't want to show her on camera like
that I would respect her like privacy I
don't want to put a camera in her face
or show her like to the world I want to
put a camera that I wanted we went out
to eat I'll tell you guys what not to
eat walked around New York City for a
bit
it was nice was dope Yes Man you were a
sweetheart and I don't know what's gonna
go on from like I don't know I guess I
stay updated I don't know if I'm going
on a second hang out or something like
that I don't know I have no clue I don't
know where it stands I don't know where
it stands guys but the way it was great
it was amazing she was seriously so
amazing and we'll see how it goes from
here it's still I don't know we'll see
where it goes from here I'm not type of
guy to move fast and to be honest I want
to see what kind of person she is
I want to wait a little bit I don't want
to rush into anything
but yeah I'm that I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog make sure you give it
a thumbs up and go turkey let me see how
many thumbs up you guys can get if you
guys want to see her I don't know I want
to I just want to see I'm curious to see
how many of you want to like actually
see her German Egyptian Ashley BD SH and
I have backdate know you know you know
I'm just doing well I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me gang take care a piece I
like baby
Oh baby you're gonna have anything
I can't replace them a baby I cried it
be the man you be brighter
every day for the rest of my life
