found him he's like this
this is crazy
right here
hey guys what's up you're dooming I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day right now there is
breaking news there's a guy who was
climbing the freakin Trump Tower yup he
is climbing the Trump Tower which I have
no clue why but I went on the TV and I
was changing channel and then I seen
someone like like climbing in a building
then I ignored it then I change another
channel then it was there again then I
changed another channel then it was
there again and I'm like what the heck
so I'm gonna go right now and probably
because it's five minutes away from my
house so I'm gonna go and see what's up
and by the way you guys already got over
18,000 thumbs up in one hour so I'm
thinking you guys are probably gonna get
30,000 thumbs up and I'm gonna have to
go look for my crush tomorrow I was
gonna go today but I think the streets
like all the streets are blocked off
like I can already see helicopters from
here and everything so I'm gonna be
probably looking for my crush tomorrow
I'm gonna take you guys with me and I
promise I will try my best to find her
and hopefully I don't know we'll see how
it goes may never know me this will be a
cool story if we do you know like if I
if she is the mother of my child Lego
hey kids like I met your mom at the shop
in Sephora and like you know and and and
I don't know I don't know guys we'll see
how it goes but I will go to next shot
and I'll see you guys in a few how long
he's gonna do how long your thing's
gonna do in jail
oh shit justjust for that yeah like two
years ice minimum probably - no - you
look at my guy he's still going exactly
that's crazy it's still alive and I
would look at the out with 25 minutes
wow this dude is cream he's going up was
he going down what's going up they gone
up their way fighting on the roads here
let me see yeah the helicopters right
you get it right oh man yeah see it
right there
helicopters alright this is crazy oh
he's done they might shoot him in but I
gotta gonna show no K's white paper the
mommy won't show something like slick
yeah my taser that nigga he thinks I
he had done was letting it done their
way finding out of him oh my god this is
wild oh very first-ever you right yeah I
just don't know what's blocked over
there cuz I just came in to work on
squeeze you wanna see what something is
what do you think he was thinking of
like to do that like if I seen him like
a breakfast if I have some drugs that's
fine yeah you gotta be on drugs
yeah there's a hot way to get those
equipment from I know me he well he's
for Karen you can't ready some say was
thinking he was like nobody seen this
thing go all that equipment like
climbing that shit is while oh my god me
some were supposed to meet somewhere
34th Street that I told let's meet
around Trump Tower I know it's not safe
to do that because people are saying
this guy might have explosives or
something like that but I don't know we
need to catch this black footage for you
guys and it's going to be crazy
oh my god it splatters what that's
Brooke like what made him think of that
like did he just wake up and like hey
you know what today I'm gonna kind the
Donald Trump towel this is wow this
helicopters over I feel bad for like all
the non Americans the Europeans
Australia's watching this and you guys
have to see this side of America like
these people are dumb this is what I
mean about people being like so dumb man
like why would someone do that man the
building is over there getting a little
closer for you guys guys I got closer
for you guys this is crazy
looking I don't see nothing yet policies
a lot of people taking some pictures
right here the streets are cut off
what's up Ryder I do is yet
found him he's like this
this is crazy
as well
Wow
ah
Oh
about the whole guy climbed the Trump
Tower my phone was
because channel you know savage add a
lot of truth because you know it needed
to be heard and most of them were
ignoring me
most of them are just like didn't pay no
mind or like off your periscope is your
media and I'm like huh
I want to say something to the TV media
or
should be hurt damn a set and missed
that tower
that tracfone would have been 30
helicopters thousands of police cars
they would have I mean this one they did
take
mother love
if it was two feet up a building you
bigger shot taking now you should've
been a bug man - it bugged me that will
pull them in and it accidentally shot at
me - yes you know like oh he was
resisting him now so that guy that women
we don't know his intention you know
what maybe it's good almost hangers
it easier if it was a hero he's an
American Hero no he's a hero guy who
never call you
medium heroes now you know what I was
hoping so I don't know how to save
periscopes but I'm gonna show you guys
some of what I got you good taste kid
I'm gonna show you guys why I was
talking it's like the news channels ABC
7 News and like CNN and the cops let's
see I didn't think she would ever catch
it but like I asked a by if he was if he
was like a Muslim I would have been shot
it's right a little bit shadow when you
would have been file scripts and pull
down media Wednesday video right there
when you
what's a man right there I like that I
like those all the news networks
broadcast eight videos to pay to some of
us I mean this guy is the man Harris go
what's up sheet immediate don't want to
show something response I'll do that
it's a viewer spam fox5 broadcasting
become bullshit excuse me
what channel losing this seven oh I love
something you guys are much better than
Fox five Fox 5 News is fake 7 News
they're the cool one I love you guys I
see you on TV to it thank you so much 7
News you guys are the best thank you
swear to god he's lucky he's on TV guys
tweet him ask if you know his name sweet
awkward tension I saw there you have it
they admitted that the guy wall came out
of the guy news they're calling him a
hero and he is he's a trump supporter he
uploaded a video
the day before saying like Louis Henry
huh
we're gonna hear well but no no
basically he had a message for Trump
saying that he has a very important
message for him so he's a famous tower
to guys attention that's now I don't
know what the hell he wants tell him
that felt like it's all know he was it
his other life is subtly follow me back
from Twitter
but he had probably a good intention
maybe he's gonna pull out like something
out his backpack and be like black lash
matter or like something cool but it was
the dumbest see this is dumb this is to
Boise Adobe so you guys guys it's great
but how many people are here just to
play pokemon to go like that
that bro all these people everyone on
the phone
here's him I got some Pokemon yeah
that's crazy
I refuse to download the app
everyone playing Pokemon yes or no yeah
this is a great here I'm going to eat as
well I haven't downloaded up shall I
download a pronoun yeah well I don't
want to be like this big gatherings like
this is like these businesses must be
killing it out I know they must love
Pokemon go they love God the cause I get
love volumizer oh yeah laughs oh my god
what do you want yeah I have a surprise
for you
I gots a half over here and he only
wanted to be my vlog only fuck I'm
cookies and a caramel coffee so so he's
in my vlog now say hi
hey I got you cookies and I got you
coffee tell them how you been you've
been good what you been up to you
starting school this year oh he's going
to school and probably in September are
you gonna be a good kid instead
non-swiss happy when are you starting
the guy your mom what are you starting
and some 10-day you just said not a
September now it's in September are you
gonna be you're gonna treat the teachers
with good respect
yeah aspect why what what what the heck
a weird about a tough it's so big I mean
it's not definitely not big as small on
you look oh my god I wish your mother's
here to roast Eve oh I'm not even gonna
say I just brought what what hey nice
Arecibo jokes I like what size bra you
wear abcdefgh Z what which one guys Sam
also got me a really big surprise come
show them come up come show them again
he got this from Six Flags
it's a do me gang hat this is crazy but
looks like his cookies are more
important than my hat but this hat is
dope with the thinking big hug thank you
just come and see what up what's up no I
don't just come in like 10 minutes
it's coming like 20 oh you change your
shirt oh you say the fact uh no no I
know I know
goodbye back him I swear he's up slam
alaikum huh Salam alaikum
say huh Sara I ready to go hey schmuck
what's ahead okay do me gang it's time
to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoy spike if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs-up and go turkey thumbs
up if you guys are ready for me to go
tomorrow because you guys got over
35,000 thumbs up on the vlog thumbs up
if you're ready to see me go and look
for my crush because I am right I think
I'm ready I got my binoculars ready I
got my hot gear on and hopefully I can
find it if I don't I don't even know
it's going up imma take you guys and do
me gang with me on this journey
so hopefully turns out great I'll see
you guys tomorrow well I'm looking for
my crush I'll see you guys in take care
our pitch I love you so baby please be
who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud
be so don't let anybody tell you what
you gonna be Oh baby you can have
anything you want from me
