it was willing to do your cinderella's
number magic and what a beautiful
Kingdom you have here hey guys what's up
you're dooming yang I hope you're having
an amazing day because I'm having an
amazing better day so far I'm having an
amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day so this morning I just woke up
it's 9 a.m. right now a car came through
and they just threw three luggages in
front of the place that I'm staying at
and I'm gonna it's all my luggages
thanks to you guys you guys seriously
got American Airlines on there but to be
bringing the luggages and they brought
it early in the morning and you know
what that means we can go to Disney
World
finally we're heading to Disney World
I'm excited it's my first time ever
going inside Disney World when around it
I never really went inside my family's
first time we're all excited we're all
like anxious to go I'll see you guys
there hope you guys like this new vlog
cam if you do give it a thumbs up and
I'll probably use it if you don't I get
I'll get the old one when I'm back in
New York City and I'll keep this one for
like extra because you know I always
those like camera so let's see how the
thing is about our families is that they
take extra extra long the crazy thing is
they tell us to hurry up we're not even
ready like hurry up and get ready and
then I regular I hate when people do
that how you told me in higher figure ID
and you not even ready yourself then
they're freaking underwear I'm literally
halfway done like how are you helping
yet ready oh you book your my cash this
is no swimming no fishing no feeding or
touching alligators and beware of
poisonous snakes Allah there's something
well Gary roll it oh yeah you can
this is crazy do you like my new black
camera you do I do with you all the way
where is it if in defray the ocean how
did it get there because remember you're
bidding up the car down Rima against
what you know where we going right now
what to wear
forgive me round are you excited yeah
let's go baby q5o chop let's go
so we have to go on a boat to get to
Magic Kingdom I promise welcome
No
right here it stand right there Jimmy to
could you go on it could you go on it
yeah yes you got it you made it so guys
Disney World is so so dope it's like
something that I've always dreamed that
like I seen it yeah we want to like this
monsters if one want to like we can't
film inside well I'm waiting to like the
Magic Kingdom was like opening some like
that so we can go see more of it so I'm
at this shop right now looking to buy
like a dope costume so I can take a dolt
incident picture me and Rima at the
Magic Kingdom and I'll told you guys and
I can be on social media but I'm just
going to post that picture because we're
finally here and yes going over hi guys
I got my Mickey Mouse ear thing he's
want Mickey Mouse shirt
I'm surprised in Rima she got Minnie
Mouse for princess I don't know how this
goofy Kaiba's either Minnie Mouse of
Princess harima gotta choose I literally
left them while they're gonna go eat I'm
gonna go to them right now and you can
finally I feel like Disney I feel like
I'm in Disney World now cuz I'm wearing
this when I was dressed up with normal
clothes I didn't feel like I'm at Disney
now I feel like I'm with this I got
Minnie Mouse for you and I'm Mickey
Mouse let's go go let's run you put you
like it let's run run run around a
corner I'm so much
so heilige goofy because she's wearing a
goofy shirt I'm supposed to get goofy
and he ended up getting Winnie the Pooh
cuz yeah pretty much know why why you
got one either be what why did he get
one either boom I could've get that but
she's good okay Rheem is mad because
like nobody was telling her hi when she
tells goofy hi they don't say hi back
that's all good
coming up a hug goofy why don't you tell
me my height was funky we're gonna go to
Cinderella on a few do you want to meet
Cinderella know anything Cinderella
she's gonna want you Center leginfo
maybe so far we went to a scary ride a
funny one and mostly these four little
kids
was coming
I'm gonna
well it was wanted to know your
cinderella's number magic a warm welcome
to crown princess Elena of avalor what a
beautiful kingdom you have here as more
madami do so thank you
it's a wonderful place to call home easy
is crap it's you
so moved having my feet on the ground
it's been a while since I've been
walking around
one
Thank You Elena for sharing your story
this is like the baby astride ever
rimas gonna like this this is one for
Rima we came here off of email hums
inhaler and hopefully tomorrow we get to
go so crazy right
I don't ready but now we're gonna go
maybe Universal tomorrow or SeaWorld
I said are you ready oh my god I trust
me I will not let my camera fall we are
hate everybody that don't know huh look
at that River oh yeah well then please
put your camera inside the elephant all
right camera photo camera
Oh
whoa what is dude is crazy man just do
it as crazy
whoa hey gone
this is behind the castle want the suit
so this is this this one all right
Remo rumors about me what's your name
Sophia rose and frozen I don't know
what's her name
leave a comment you know what's your
name turning to a princess on the one
huh private and often frozen Elsa Elsa
sorry I didn't even know Rima gonna turn
into Mickey Mouse right now we're inside
of the castle
this is yeah this is what's inside of
the castle I'm expecting it to be like
like dope but looks just nothing here
it just girls to like to do like hair
makeup and nails so it's probably like a
girly thing but it's dope better so take
a big job
leave oh let me see hey shut me up you
can see it she's really white kissing
it's coming up
oh yeah yeah oh shut up to Alex my
channel for for my children yeah what's
up like I was doing a sign Dalek she
started walking I got your aunties hash
test track
I got that's right now we better go to
the Haunted Mansion yeah was it good
yeah
you got this kid touch it
you got this like I believe I believe in
you want touching it up so all sometimes
that Disney closes at midnight and time
I was like - he said what time at
midnight yes there's only one midnight
now which is 12 a.m. guys come in with
white in rows from Detroit Detroit from
Detroit yes you be mine was Remo yo a
bring Remo are you gonna have you know
they're right we're waiting for the
parade to go on
okay do me gang so I just got back to
the place that I'm staying at in Orlando
and it's been an amazing amazing day I
woke up so early it's like midnight
right now and it's been a long long day
but I'm so happy I got to go to Disney
World the best part was probably
probably the fireworks because the rise
and everything was just like baby rise
but it was all from our family for Reema
Hamza Hyland just an amazing amazing
experience and knowing that I went
through so much but and then they're so
gosh Disney World is like a really big
like accomplishment for me and I would
have never done it without you guys so
thank you do me a for everything thank
you guys so so much so hard
vlogging with this camera because this
camera is more like a movie type camera
but you know what screw it we'll make
the vlogs into like movies so I really
hope you guys enjoy if you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey I
need to get used to a little bit more
let me know in the comments below shall
I stay with this camera or shut up
switch backs it to my older one let me
know right now right old or new old or
new new this and the old one this other
one so you guys gonna let me know now
see you guys tomorrow
take care or pitch like so baby please
be who you wanna be
I know your father will be prouder for
you
so don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna be Oh baby you can have anything
you want for me
