I missed you so much
I know it's been like two three days but
I miss my family so much what what's up
do me gang I hope you are having an
amazing it because I'm having an amazing
day so far I'm having an amazing you all
should be having an amazing happy
positive day I started lying a little
late because I just got to Washington DC
the bus took soso longer to you huh
he said watching TV small sorry I'm in
New York City I'm going crazy I was
sleeping at a bus I just got out right
now and to anyone around DMV area of
Washington DC Virginia Maryland I know a
lot of you guys asking us to do
meet-and-greet do a show say what's up
the black what your backyard what's up
this is the tired yes I know you're in
New York City wasn't someone just
resident oh yeah we're going to try to
do a little meeting right there we could
have doing this time because it was like
short notice
so don't think we forgot about you guys
we will do something for you guys the
next time we're they're probably gonna
try to stay a little longer
whiskey mama I make you I'm gonna let me
road and with you I've missed you more I
miss you know I missed you more
you're the best daddy okay welcome home
thank you so much yeah
thank you did you miss me yeah it's your
mother with you how much did you miss me
a lot a little bit I like that
like how much like a low block all the
right industry are you like miss me
yeah I'm sorry I was here with you yeah
what you just woke up we're sleeping Oh
get rid of it I see welcome home man
thank you so much sorry I had to wake
you up to psych yeah well you additive
like that myself
Rima I missed you so much I know it's
been like two three days but I miss my
family so so much what
we're going to Disneyland with everyone
thing up in you and me in a series your
mom's taking the credit of me I'm going
that said we're going to Disney yes I'm
gonna plant it out for you as if you
guys do not know rema might be going to
I might be taking it to California or
Florida do not know which one yet but
it's going to be a dope dope vacations
I'm always the way among Oh with my
friends so miss Yuja man what's one
thing you want to say to Jomon and then
I'll buy a new toy gonna buy him a new
toy really mom it's your head let's keep
their jinguk you keep pitching it me
don't itch it Remo you always get those
around your eyes and it looks like you
got a boxing fight right now does he got
a boxing fight with Mike Tyson you did
buy a how to box if I might Aysen no I
don't like what did he do to you get
that and make so you don't like you
don't like I'm moved because he slept
next to my mom and she wants to sleep
likes mama so you hate him yeah no it's
not good it's not nice to hate him okay
I want you to fight him oh she shall I
start a child like a fight a brotherly
fight Rima he's my brother I wanna find
my brother Hagin he must achieve did he
make you mad up your City my dad isn't
fighting and then I said it you started
fighting him no goddamnit remark is that
a crime he made you cry mace if you make
if you make me cry again I swear I would
you'll be the thumbnail of tomorrow's
vlog I know you're watching us cuz I
know you watch my ish so stop messing or
Rima okay
don't really give me message first next
time Phoebe's back to you I'm a fight
I'm okay
hey nah fuck him a lot
no Riva we were so violent ah you gonna
help me fight him how you gonna help me
show me how you gonna fit damn what that
snappin damn she's going at what did he
do
she's actin like he like threw her off a
building throw every mum's no don't
don't be violent nothing I could be good
okay okay all right
what stop it do me aiso I haven't spoken
to you guys for a long long time by the
way I couldn't do the prank the tongue
Pierce prank on my dad because he was
sleeping so maybe tomorrow when he wakes
up I'm gonna show him my tongue but I
gonna bug out and go crazy but I want to
say thank you guys so so much for
getting me to over a million followers
on Instagram this is crazy
I got to a million followers on
Instagram I do being we did it together
thank you guys so so much seeing this M
is so so cool so thank you guys so so
much I will be bringing back a lot of
throwback videos I'll be posting
throwback videos every Saturday and I'll
be posting some new Instagram videos how
I used to always post Instagram videos
again on my Instagram so stay tuned for
that this is going to be a little update
I'm so sorry this vlog was was kind of
short I'm sort of like and really late
and that whole bus ride from DC to here
was so long so I really hope you guys
enjoy these short vlogs if you do make
sure you give it a thumbs up and let me
know if you guys do enjoy Trump vlogs by
giving it a thumbs up you know I'm
saying comes up I decided to come here
because I want to tell you guys the
giveaway I did not want to title
anything with a giveaway because I don't
want you know I want the real rodded I
do Me's who are watching the vlogs and
just catching the giveaway like what to
do it for the giveaway to catch it like
here without me writing any giveaway so
to anyone here listening watching hello
welcome to the giveaway since you guys
got me a million on my Instagram almost
1.5 million I'm I'm a channel and almost
1.4 million on my vlog Channel s crazy
altogether it's like almost 4 mil
this is literally so crazy and I see a
lot of you guys I've seen a lot of you
guys tweeting me telling me Adam you
don't have to give an iPhone you have it
you don't have to give a MacBook having
something having something from you or
your vlogs already make us so happy make
our days
you guys are so so sweet thank you guys
since you guys are so like really too
sweet but I'm still doing that like I
have to give back at least a MacBook to
like a writer that I do me because I
don't know what MacBook will help a lot
maybe help them with like school it'll
help them with maybe if they want to
start YouTube it'll help them if they a
MacBook will help them with so most of
his crying I'm actually happiest crying
he just woke up so I can see him but I
don't know yeah Oh as I was saying a
MacBook which is what I'm choosing for
the giveaway not iPhone cuz I did iPhone
last time and shout-out to Jada who won
last time the iPhone this was her hope
you I hope the iPhone I'm helped she's
truly a ride and I do me she came she
she came to every single one of my
events in her seat which is in London
she came to every single event which I
appreciate so so much and it means the
world when I see people coming to every
single one of my events even if they
live in I do come like a lot so that
meant the world and this time I'm gonna
do a MacBook Pro the main winner will
win the MacBook Pro and ten more winners
will win I actually do this a while ago
but I'm gonna do was like not the papers
I'm gonna do with the clear paper I'm
gonna write your name I'm right I love
and your name or your at name or
whatever you owe me to write and I'm
gonna put it in a vlog so you can have I
think this is the best way instead of
sending a letter because I'm not gonna
lie last time when I had the letters one
it got really confusing some people were
DME me claiming to be like I am her
sister she says she said send it to this
address they said send it to that
address so it got really confusing the
only one that I had to take serious was
the iPhone and I send it to to the last
winner Jada and she got it and with the
letters one it got really confusing so
this time I'm gonna do I love and
whatever your name is here so hope you
guys understand what that ten winners
and the main water is the MacBook Pro
winner this is something to give back to
you guys you guys
you all do not have to participate but
if you do want to participate you can
I'm going to be choosing the winners
mainly on YouTube and Instagram and the
main thing for YouTube this is how I'm
going to choose most of the winners on
YouTube I want you all to comment on a
vlog that was one of your favorite vlogs
like a vlog that you loved so so much
leave a comment there on your favorite
vlog I'm gonna be choosing a random vlog
clicking on it I'm going to go to the
comments and I'm going to see which ones
are like the latest comments that came
from the giveaway and whichever random
vlog I choose and whichever random
comment I choose that person will win
I'll be choosing a lot of winners from
there I'm not going to let you guys know
which winner I'm gonna be choosing for
the MacBook Pro but it'll either be on
Instagram comments Instagram likes or
YouTube comments so it's out of those
three and if I do choose you and I see
that you're not subscribed you're not
even following me and you're just doing
it to like win then I'm not gonna choose
I truly think you're not like a true
writer that do me because I want someone
who deserves I want someone to win this
who deserves it who's a writer that do
me who always sticks by my side and
brings me up whenever I'm feeling down
so I want to give back to you guys and I
really hope you guys have fun with it
enjoy it and if you guys want to
nominate your friend maybe tweet me if
you guys went when your friends to win
but make sure it's all friendly it's all
normal this is one thing why I hate
doing giveaways because it's so hard
choosing and this is what I'm gonna be
doing it Randall you're gonna get REME
on my sim to help me randomly choose one
of their favorite vlogs of theirs and
I'm going to randomly choose comments
from there so do me Aang now you guys
know all the rules for the giveaway if
you guys listen to it you listen to it
if you didn't you didn't if you don't
tell anyone about it don't tell anyone
about it it's better way for you guys to
work
and I'll be going to buy the MacBook Pro
this week I don't know if I'm gonna go
buy it or if Adam Wesson yeah a solid
will go by Thursday guys thank you guys
so so much for your love and support it
truly means the world you guys have been
showing extra love every single day
extra support every single day and it
truly means the world I cannot thank you
guys enough for seriously bringing me to
where I am today and I promise you guys
many more memories to come many more
amazing vlogs to come through you guys
many more amazing tours and shows to
come for you guys and amazing most of
all memories for you guys you guys are
the reason why I'm seriously so happy
and strong and smiling every single day
to be honest without you guys I would
seriously I don't know what the where
the heck I would be I'd probably be
somewhere depress outside
negative maybe locked up somewhere but
you guys seriously saved my life
idumaean my writer that you guys have
saved my life and I thank you guys from
the bottom of my heart for that you guys
saved my freakin life including my
family to my family you guys are my
family you guys saved my freakin life
thank you guys so so much and I really
hope this giveaway can at least I don't
know show my little appreciation right
back just so you guys know that I do see
your appreciation if you know what I
mean or am I being confusing but thank
you guys so much I'll see you guys
tomorrow with a much better vlog and
maybe I will show my dad this tongue
pierced baby's like a sign of like not
to show my dad and like you'll probably
smack me I don't know but we'll see how
it goes see you guys tomorrow do me egg
take care or pitch I like so baby please
be who you wanna be
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you're gonna be Oh baby
you can have anything you
