we've been calling American Airlines I'm
gonna say which airlines so you guys can
always help me out right here hey guys
what's up Akuma gang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
a much better day so far having a much
better day you I should be having an
amazing happy day guys this is a huge
huge announcement hamdullah
everything is fine now I'm gonna let you
guys know what exactly happened so the
flight was canceled me Reema Hamza
Hayley my sister a lot more of my other
family but FiOS scans canceled so we
were literally doomed we're like asset
when I go in Disney World this is like a
whole you know this is like a whole
vacation I'm supposed to title of like
yesterday we are going to Disney World
but then everything went upside down and
it's so crazy because then when the
total opposite
to so sad we got a call from the airport
in there like hey they told us you can
take a flight from Philadelphia to Miami
and then Miami to Orlando and then we're
like you know what we didn't go through
all this for nothing and and to be
honest I give the most props to Hamza
hilum and Rima because they were so
scared to to be going into a plane I
want to ask them outside you know who's
all of us I go do you want to go on a
plane and then what did you say Rima you
said what she was about to cry and she
said she's gonna go to the plane and go
to Disney World right and she did it and
we made ya hamdullah because there was
literally scarred like they were so
scared they were afraid for the lives
i'ma tell you guys more information imma
show you guys a little little mansion
tour that we got it's crazy my brother
came with a different flight that's why
he was been here he's been waiting for
us for one whole day he knew about
everything that happened and it was
seriously crazy I heard and I was
checking the news it was crazy but as
well they don't worry stay strong how
long does that mean yeah I was good I
was afraid you'll care yeah but I'm
going when I was alone I was inside the
jacuzzi oh yeah Obama he said it was
crazy but you should see why you in the
jacuzzi
we were running literally fried
was literally the scariest time of our
life thanks guys it's around seven
o'clock right now p.m. I like it as lost
as you guys can see we have the same the
same clothes I like it just completely
lost because of the whole chaos that
went on yesterday and all of the whole
incident has them he went on his first
airplane ride ever I couldn't even vlog
it because my my cameras were dead
everything was rock up like nothing till
right now so scared I was so high I was
like he asked write me on the plane next
thing you know I read the laws I see or
someone should I run and then like I was
mad cuz that cup sketch about a plane
but then all I hear is a lot of people
animals and someone said oh my god he
has a car he has a gun I read
that's what happens are possible that's
what everyone and all of my sister's
purse and everything with this phones
lost my sister has their IDs gone what
you're going through security everything
gone it's literally a mess right now but
we're gonna stay positive keep it off
you guys we're still looking for IDs the
debit cards the credit cards the phones
we lost the luggages we lost we have
nothing right a little nothing oh it's
so smiling we still made it here
we still made it here that's about it I
didn't want to go at all yeah y'all we
yeah we here we here guys so we'll
address the atom and the rest of my
family the one who cried aldohn who did
not cry
Hamza you're crying but your smile so
like it's so hard that he cries like
this man only wants your job that's not
great
alright guys so we just had some Red
Lobster we have some lunch with the
whole family we rented out this
assignment a car this time in a van it's
a bus
it has allows 15 people to be in this
bus I feel disgusting I feel so
disgusted I didn't shower today I
haven't brushed my teeth
I know done but you know Adam is lucky
because I remember some of my clothes
inside my bed I mean here we fit I guess
a little bit it's kind of tight on me
and Adam I was wearing a short it's a
loser you always take my sneakers I mess
it up we got hugest cars what's that
well this guy's huge
this is a freaking bus legit but
literally my whole family are inside
here in our home mg my car is gone I
found my glove
Samia Hannah here but so tired we're
exhausted be careful this Liz's here in
Orlando there's a soccer field here like
a huge soccer field then you go here
there's a volleyball really dope
volleyball spot there's like a park here
it's like a water slide this is dope
we're here to play with you play ball
yeah man I suck though it's like not
even he does wrestling I'm good I want
to go for bias man what the heck hums oh
this is dope man this is place is dope I
like the spot hi guys we just got done
playing some basketball
imma finally show you guys inside the
house happens what the heck what looks
at what did it do to the DJ Khaled okay
GUP me yeah I'm gonna give you guys a
house tour and I will start off by the
front over here I'm not really gonna
show the outside of it because last time
I showed the house that I was buying a
lot of you guys found out the address
and to be honest my family like they
really want to keep it like private I
know a lot of people coming out on my
taking pictures on my family really
really want their privacy so I hope you
guys understand but if I do meet you
guys anywhere around Orlando I'll tell
you guys what up come and say hi and
don't ever be afraid to say hi to me
because I'm really like approachable you
can say what's up and let's see how it
goes we're gonna start off here with one
room there's one room here how does that
put on the shirt dj khaled why you like
did you got sunshine first bedroom all
right this is one room let's calendar
was Ana
one room
living room gang near table this is a
quick tour come on this is huge little
to go here dude
over there second row second room
upstairs is one thing is my family is
like I don't know they're dead like
trying to like move out out of the state
of New York City because they're saying
like I don't know let's try to look for
new houses let's not rush it
so taking our time they're using this
vacation to see what kind of houses here
and imagine like they're freaking
awesome they're amazing but I Love New
York you know I'm saying it but I don't
look to you guys who should we get a
huge a house like even a bigger mansion
like a house I don't know what the hell
is kiddo but yeah boom how many goes
over to it
this is a third room right here Oh
connects this is a four throne this is
nice bathroom then over here you can
open it and you can see cathedral living
room with second floor and to come over
here and you will see a fifth room this
is the fifth row this time I'm gonna
take this orange one with the TV no spy
room so this is hunter does even though
the six rooms for the continue there's a
closet in the last six room was I oh
hello you scared me seven rooms this is
dope I believe there's another room
there's eight ruined by king of find its
founders cuz that's my biggest and
there's I already I already looked for
everything the six bathrooms eight rooms
like two kitchens two living rooms a
pool outside it's looking really though
guys I cannot wait today is just like a
pregame for the vlogging in Orlando like
we came out a surprise it came we came
clutch I feel like we came with all your
dying all your prayers and your thoughts
that everything helped us so so much so
thank you guys literally if you guys
made die for me like help me give this
body thumbs up and give yourself a
padded back thank you guys so much
guys I just came out to play now I like
your complete mess i'ma show you guys
the pool looks
also though we must in there right now
and our land oh there's a lot of
mosquitoes so there's like they put like
these things around the houses so the
mosquitoes won't go rebug at the full
moon
this is like six feet six seven feet
she's doing pretty good and pass it pass
it
dr. o OMG you nikasha hums oh i'm the
catch it ready okay can catch it go oh
don't drown no drum be careful okay
adieu me gang it's time to wrap up this
vlog and I am so so sorry that this vlog
is kind of short it's been a hectic
hectic day with traveling and losing our
luggage and right now I do not know if
I'm going to Disney World
tomorrow I mean we're going to Disney
World officially this week but we can't
go tomorrow without our luggage because
all of my clothes is in my luggage and
it hasn't came yet we've been calling
American Airlines yup I'm gonna say
which airline so you guys can at least
help me out and tag them and let them
know that my luggage and my whole
family's luggage is with them we have
nothing literally nothing to do I can't
brush my teeth I have to go by - that
can't change clothes I can't put on
deodorant
I feel like a dirty person right now I'm
feeling sick I have all literally
everything in my luggage and I feel so
bad to even be bringing you guys in this
because the past couple days I've been
having like 15 20 minute long lives and
now I just give you guys like a freaking
shitty vlog because of all the situation
that's been going on today I'm literally
stuck in like a situation so I'm gonna
need every single one of you guys help
to help me at American Airlines let them
know that my freaking luggage is with
them and when I call them they do not
they put me on hold for 30 minutes and
they don't get back to me I had to go
back to American Airlines and try to
like speak with them then when I speak
with them they don't give me no
information they're like oh we don't
know you have to give us this you have
to give us that gave them all the
information possible I gave them my back
tag I gave them a flight number
everything and it's still nowhere to be
found I'm only going to be here for on 4
to 5 days so if I don't have my luggage
if I get in like two three days
literally pointless so hopefully with
this video being up you guys can help me
out thank you guys so so much once again
I'm so sorry for giving you guys and
bring you guys with with with me in this
negative situation but I film a vlog
every single day whether it's a good day
whether it's a bad day so thank you guys
for being there with me on my good days
and I'm a horrible day which is
literally going on right now and
yesterday but it won't meet a is great
I'm happy I'm in Orlando but my luggage
be lost sucks but so yes guys help me
out please thank you guys so so much ice
even Rhema doesn't have none of her
luggage she only has pajamas on and
stuff like that so we seriously need you
guys help
to help us out with this say let them
bring back a luggage where's your
clothes you have any clothes or nothing
we got to our land that we came to go to
Disney World
so baby please be who you wanna be I
know your father will be proud of
gonna be so don't let anybody tell you
what you gonna be Oh baby you can have
anything you want for me I can't
