hey guys hey guys what's up a duma gang
i hope you're having an amazing it
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing amazing day so I
brought Reema here for a big surprise
you ready a funny one is give you funny
surprise Oh funny surprise and I'm gonna
watch a video and hopefully you love
this video
do you love watching my videos which one
is your all-time favorite video
the what or the Pie Face challenge oh
well this video you're about to watch
you're doing didn't they say getting
creamed
yeah but this video right now you're
gonna love it even more this is like
getting to your all-time favorite video
ready for it yeah no thank you look at
you love new things I know for this one
I'm gonna be winning and your Unni
winning this video to give up ready see
the video
everyone that's video
I'm watching I'll wait here oh yes the
parallelism video blush who's who oh
she's my muff muff my friend no no son
it's not watch the video everyone I have
to pause it watch the videos look at you
would she I would all info she's a girl
her name is Yasmin and she's my crush
watch the video for your please
I got a puzzle to get what okay what I
don't know
why is watch the video you were gone
what's wrong with you look what I do
what I do can I get a reasoning why you
hit me why do you hit me cuz I put my
head on her shoulder eeeem I was using
her as a pillow he was not a pet oh yes
she was a pillow yeah I thought she was
a pillow
hello this is Reema and wildung Adam
because you have a crush I just started
can I make a case and hey guys good
night yeah
thumbs up if I could be you know you
don't know no no thumbs up all right do
me guys so I finally made escape from
Reema right now I am in Brooklyn I'm at
this place where American Ninja Warrior
we're like you do the climbing thingy
I'm about to go see how it goes I do not
know like what to expect but hopefully
something good if it doesn't go well I'm
just leaving and it's gonna chill out
for the day I'm waiting for Nikki with
stuff to come through this opposed to be
here earlier because they're doing just
training I'm doing the competition I
don't know why they didn't want to do
competition but I'm going in and let's
see how it goes
so maybe we're gonna go I'm gonna look
at me and I'm glad you already guys
guess who finally showed up
right these two is at 30 minutes late
you forgot a memory card already one
little boy I'm gonna get it Jimbo son
happy finally over all over batting an
eye maybe that like Adam II think we
were like better everyone's looking at
me like I'm some kind of Beast for some
professional the medics am but I'm not
I got a camera
it's awesome yeah oh you got it you know
so
I only did like two courses ready my
fingers like like I need some chalk
hurts my fingers
fix my grip a little more let's go to
key
Oh
yeah
Sophia I know this is knees up I
mean it is harder than I like first
hurts yeah this going to keep guys come
on
oh my god
to do this Mario look you wanna scope
right there right there
this is crazy
oh good job Oh
Oh
oh I wish my ankle is better so cool how
much my clothes better like this hair in
Louisville something like I gotta like
take the page yeah
does it go off this whole thing that's
great
what the
yeah
let's go baby
okay look
it should persevere so much
yes
ah here
I know
hi
and now
I'm salad this is bad - bro do it for
the - weekend man i'ma try to do it for
yes I'm the opening act his first
birthday put on the key that is going to
keep
Oh
he came
Danny keep
Oh
so fella
time's up man let's get one more shot
come on
taking time you have mad time left come
let's go Adam
swing swing pass align
yeah
ah
it's all good man I swear though
something there was good
children outside here that's where you
could edit I like you guys
I feel like I don't know I feel like I
let not just you guys but everyone here
down the thing is let me say that
there's five obstacles I owe the first
one was a little more than the whooping
ass that's not in the role in other
words I can a third was the grabber when
the hardest ones the the fourth one was
the rope and the fifth one was going up
that wall well so with all the girls boy
so the ones that I thought I was gonna
miss was the second or third which is
the grabbing one because I was already
like so tired and like I had burns in my
hand I thought I wasn't gonna make those
and and then once I start I was I went
too fast i flopped on the first one that
was me to be this one I flopped down
like what the heck
box where there's something in there
like Miss swelling like you would to
Ryan yeah man I'll slip out of nowhere
so hard and then the second and third
one I did it really good I expected
myself to like miss and then the rope
one who's the easiest one literally then
I messed up on that one too I was so
close I was laughing and we do the rope
I swear if you felt how it is spelled
Rihanna's right now I feel I feel great
that was amazing well not amazing it was
a fun amazing crazy experience I would
do it again I promise I'll try to do it
again yeah we will try to get nice the
next time you go BBC I'll just say the
qualifiers are in January
no way holla so right now as it was just
like little training and the competition
that's not - January and don't forget
this this is all our first time I think
we can do it all the way yeah I'm
America damn bow on it that was well
shatters - the key for showing us the
sums about the mind very much
the way your long legs do you stepped on
my shoe my shoe keeps killing off like
what the heck boat let's take off my
shoes make me with it bro yes as Mary
but you have a memory cozy yeah my phone
right she told me oh hi field ceases so
now I don't know what you do without me
but I think without me to be like what
you take a lost child where are you guys
this finger puppets here is okay which
one is the best one I should get oh what
the monkeys excelling what so they try
to call me a monkey I'm a monkey yeah
yeah I'll get them on you
all right I got a monkey make sure you
get this black a thumbs up but it's
monkey hey so we are going to action
burger to treat ourselves for some
burgers to eat and some games to play
yeah they keep never came here but it's
dope there's really the entire workout
we just had yeah it's gonna be wasted
another one burger I have a fast
metabolism China okay though it's cool
it's cool I made a clog of it this is
like an underground place all of you
wanna know about space it's me Aslam and
now to keep you know so I don't know
about this guy's we wanna be I know you
okay dummy Ganga it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoy like we
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey
my nephew SIF just released his YouTube
channel so make sure you guys go show
them some ado me a glove and subscribe
to this channel the link is the link is
down below other than that have a huge
huge surprise for you guys tomorrow I'll
be somewhere with me and my family and
I'll see you guys yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow it's a little surprise for them
and surprise for you guys because the
vlog is gonna be dope
I'm net I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care or pitch like so baby please be who
you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be
so don't let anybody tell you what
you're gonna be Oh baby you're gonna
have
