he has to know what is this line every
single one you guys watching this should
know this because he's yeah he's one of
the biggest who is this what does this
mean I'm not Gordon who have a garden
Michael Gordon okay hey guys
at the same time okay we're gonna go at
same time ready so hey guys at the same
time okay ready set go hey I hope you
have amazing because I'm gonna make it
so if I'm a deer isn't it you guys
everyone's like yeah what's up with do
me egg we are here with Rima and Bob all
of a sudden it's wrong even I can't
believe you're her dad right he's only a
year older than me and he's a dad while
most of those kids death that's crazy
planning to have a third one what there
he's gonna new the new star an atom
solid ok you want you looking did you
get one word I'm kicking you Susan guys
you guys heard you guys heard it
horribly Jack he just said he wants a
new child there's gonna be a new must in
aterna Remo this is crazy good alright
guys but today we're gonna be doing this
challenge video I decided I'm so sorry
for random is she's so read up but weird
you're weird
so today we're gonna be doing this
challenge video you guys may have heard
of its called it never have I ever
challenged and I wanted to do it with me
and Rima yup but we still are gonna do
mine Rima but he helped her get
me sub never have hours and I already
have my never have a verse for Rhema and
they're really hard ones I'm kind of
scared about your ones that you see you
gotta wait nothing too extreme nothing
crazy so ready oh I'm gonna tell you
something if you have done it you're
gonna show this I have if you've never
done it you say never okay look at me
everything has to be the truth okay okay
you're gonna help her out by saying this
up to me and mean Rhema or get an answer
I'm gonna go first
um you are you you guys go first we go
one by one each of us have five we're
gonna go one by one
a four-year-old and her dad about to
give me you never have I everything ha
ha ha never ever ever
maybe anything what their get on hard
I'll be real you're going ha ok uh-oh I
have interest yeah I have and I'm not
saying that Rima because I don't want to
say look if yeah I'll just yeah my turn
my turn
never have I ever got jealous of Mawson
no what do you mom
you got a turn in that's all we have it
down here
I have always good job no no okay then
then just do like it sometimes
sometimes I bet high five for the Queen
Victoria - right okay hi he's getting
harder I'm scared you guys work hard at
me
never have ever what more than me love
why you give you a hard one rubber
market we gotta make it chalice was
called the challenge but what do you
mean like um you mean never have a love
muscle like at one point are like all
the time
no like one point oh yeah but only
sometimes I love you anymore
nobody was only at one point it's not
you know there's one points with Reema's
like be bad and losses be good and I'm
like Remo hit me take off my hat and
myself like I know I love him more about
this is I love you I love them both
equally but you guys gave me a question
and I had to like answer the question it
was nothing else just you guys leave it
a question had to do it see MIMO was
Muhsin never have I ever farted in class
never you never never
that's I happy good are you sure no you
sure look look at me
you came it some have been reported in
last run oh yeah you sure they really
got me say hola wait so you never
coordinate class no no I believe up
fever no no I believe you
sometimes a surprise you're in class she
gets all happy you know you really just
farted right now you did it for a class
before right look you guys a middle
comments below have you ever fired a gun
what never never make me cry
never have I ever made you cry made her
cry yeah I feel like such a bad uncle
but really you know you right I've made
her cry so many times but every time I
make you crying what do I do after I
make you smile right I always make me
smile
right after I make a quick but the only
times I've made Rima cry was like stuff
where like I didn't really like me to
make a cry like I didn't really make me
to make crap like the other day when she
lost the game ain't shutterbug an outcry
remember when Tina was winning and you
cried never have I ever live Sababa
those in never or yes cuz that says yes
I have you never think about it are you
lying right now that I don't know these
who doesn't actually Sheena she never
lied to me so it's a stupid selfish good
job she actually be defending me a lot
she defends you'll have to defend me a
lot Rimmer's really defensive really to
fight you guys part like a dream so
that's gonna be my guys it's your turn
to go mmm baby what is that what yours
are those other one Reema never have I
ever pretended Reema is your daughter to
hit on a mom what the heck oh my god
yo ask me this kind of question Oh only
once
come on oh he was serious but what it
was like soon it was by accident like
this will happen this is what happen -
I'll happen the lady the mob thought
Reema was my daughter and I just played
along
I never went up to her and said yeah
everyone's my daughter hey what's up I
played along and like she was flirting
with me and then I was flirting back a
little bit but nothing happened that's
it what we're using real is paper for a
homework
never have I ever stole something yeah
so you never stole something yeah the
father no he stole something yeah that
means you did steal something
ah what did he still be my man I never
had like my mom never have I ever broke
your heart
yeah though never have I ever broke your
heart I don't know you tell me
sheesh did I break your heart before hmm
all right then
finally I get one never man never have I
ever got annoyed from Adam vlogging me
Oh be honest Eva
she is an excellent I never got annoying
so sweet Ashley was the crazy dream you
annoy me for being in videos she says
you know I wish I'd want to be in this
video
on to be in that video I'll review this
video all right I do Mia is the end of
this challenge and we're not gonna end
this challenge like this we're gonna end
it with it there okay who was more
honest Twitter thing was more honest I
think rimas what I'm not saying she's my
daughter but she she was honest so I got
to do it there rimas gonna give me it
there right now just cuz she wanted me
to do it there my dad is washing dishes
right now do not know why he's so ready
any day you want me to do I'll do it for
you but only cuz it's for you and I love
you there was the what I do black see a
black flip or a back flip back yeah
alright guys we must say my dad is still
washing dishes hi guys Rima dared me to
do a backflip in the house really are oh
my leg kind of hurts too
my ankle starts Monday Rima if I enjoy
myself
it's Remos fault okay guys forget
injured I'm scared but I was good what's
good luck she said I might get injured
look she chose what is it going show me
that's not a backflip it's a front flip
hi guys ready ready said I neither like
run and spit oh my god I don't know how
I'm doing this the stuff I do
I hear wait give me P patience so
predominant Ready Set watch other Oh
guys I kind of enjoyed my freaking hand
am I like imma do it again I didn't do
that was I'm so scared I'm scared we try
to get a few oh I can't I can't I can't
do it I get hey it's scary doing it okay
it's scary thumbs up coming to do it
outside
I won't I can't I'm scared to do it it's
scary all right don't be gonna get it's
time to wrap up this bottle hope you
guys enjoyed that little black flip and
this little challenge make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go Turkey
make sure you guys subscribe for daily
videos every single day and for Remes
ratchetness every single day I will see
you guys tomorrow and take care yeah
peace and lo surprise you Couture um
yeah February tell us sent to the sauce
Santino's not here now my end someone's
gonna be there a little little see you
guys
No
tell you what you
