let me know because I'm ready to fight
nas nas ona's sorry mom what the hell we
doing here I'm sorry what is this please
call huh Peter bro yeah we have the
homie Harris Jerry Harris what's he
wanna know what Bob what is Peterborough
Peterborough just tetanus Leno yeah we
went outside yeah and not one person has
a personality yo and speaks the same Oh
buddy let me explain what happened
this is my original passport which
actually expires in another eight years
eight years expires in eight years but
I'm running out of pages as you can see
right now the pages in your passport
yes front pages I went to Dubai this
time and they said to me if you come
back we have no space to stamp your
balls we're not letting you in oh wow
now they've given me this big one this
one has make sure my father I'm not I'm
not I'm just has 50 pages oh my gosh
when throw that wonderful I've got an
appointment at hoppers 10 in
Peterborough yeah so do I go to Peter
broth in the morning and then you know
oh my even though he was knocked out he
told me yeah it was in one lane yeah and
then he woke up you know unlike Mike you
seen yeah you keep saying yeah and you
woke up in another lane while you have
bran that's when I got scared because
you know investing in all the years I've
been driving yeah I've been driving luck
I'm saying yeah bro in all years years I
said in all the years I've been driving
had never happened to me so I was
driving and suddenly I just realized I
was in a different Lane because I'm so
tired because of him me it goes back to
Adam so then I just I thought you know
what I've got two lives in my hands so I
thought you know what i'ma pull over in
his service station and alysha's went
sleep for that free fun in a cop gonna
sleep our hotel room was a freak that
was not his car in a machine
we weren't even gonna get hurt oh my god
but now we got a hotel and yeah as a
passport we're gonna go explore this
lame took two all problem today that's
gonna smile for the camera no one's
gonna talk excuse me what's this place
called
huh Peter bro Dan nope yeah no we've got
a personality by the way guys I love
like complete shit
hi guys people like looking at us
because we got a big-ass camera this
police I know because we seem like the
only people who have like have laser now
we're live in
yeah everyone else looks dead I've like
really really dead
I think this is the meat this is a strip
of Peterborough or not they have no life
like life in their face no and everyone
got colored hair like purple like it's a
weird man I should have had my colored
hair man excuse me do you know anything
to do here I have a question like what
why doesn't anyone smile here I smiled a
smile everyone bet here oh my god
everyone is dead here Peter bro hi guys
Harris hair just oh hey something funny
to do it to ask someone for direction
and they tell you one way and just go to
the other way
looks like this is like the queen's
house somewhat what the hunk there's
nothing here
what the hell oh hi how you doing okay
didn't know this is like how you guys
doing probably see people smiling here
okay please excuse me sorry do you know
to be honest everyone seemed like really
really dead here but you guys seemed the
only ones that like team you know hi
guys me and Harris very done exploring
Peterborough it was fun even though was
was crazy was pretty pretty fun so yeah
P shout out to everyone in Peterborough
I love you guys maybe one day Harris
will get to see everyone here
yo yo yo do me gang what's up with the
homies his sham sham was good man I
doing magic magic was that what's good
in man I got these guys are the UK easy
plug sneak a plug out here the thing is
called the soul icon it's so icon and
they hooked it up these two homies right
there thank you guys so much man thank
you they hooked it up with the ones
right here shot I'll show them let him
know what are they yeah easy beluga
vetoes it's a 2.0 in 25th of November
Wow
these are human races
oh my came out 11 in November yo sick
born of the fire bro but first ever UK
plug out here so if you guys wanna check
them out go check them out the so icon
go follow them the homies right here
tell you guys you guys gotta come to
sneak on the one in America and yeah I
got to represent you came and you guys
can be the first come on you from from
the UK to represent like actually
represents do UK people I see there man
like I haven't gotten a plug for them
nothing both so the homies is so icon
right here thank you guys thank you guys
so much pound homies my demon my man
thank you
what's up idumaean yang we finally got
back to London I'm here with my Costa
Coffee man this place was really really
weird they don't serve freaking iced
coffee
I do not serve iced coffee but what the
heck man all I like his ice carvers and
I'm forced to drink hot coffee there do
me again we got home really really late
we drove all the way from Peterborough
shout out to everyone we saw meet Harris
we saw a lot of you guys thank you guys
so so much it took us so so long to get
here for some reason the drive was like
four hours long so I couldn't get to
vlog I was literally saw the car just
laying down my butt hurts so much for
sitting down for four hours but now I'm
back here in London I have one more day
here we're finally done with it's a
grand famous I cannot wait till it's out
we're gonna let you guys know the exact
date when it's out so stay tuned for
that also do me gang I want to talk to
you guys about something that I tweeted
on Twitter to people follow me on
Twitter I don't know if you guys seen
her or not I did a tweet calling out
kiss hi and Joe Weller if you guys do
not know anyone who doesn't know ksi
probably pretty sure everyone around the
whole YouTube community knows ksi and
Joe Weller there are two youtubers and
they're having a boxing fight and it's
pretty dope I'm gonna it's really really
dope as you guys know you guys know I
love boxing and seeing something like
that especially with the YouTube
community it's like some kinda McGregor
Floyd Mayweather stuff well actually
they're both British but um ah yeah but
yeah my prediction for the fight I feel
like man I think ksi is easily gonna win
especially when you see him after months
and you see his body man he came out
shredded you can know he worked so so
hard
I've seen some his video sparring
throwing his hands and I've seen Joel
alerts pouring it throwing his hands and
I can easily easily tell you guys care
sighs gonna win easily without a doubt
care sighs gonna win but it's still
gonna be a good fight I wish the best
for both of them you never know maybe
Joelle is gonna come with a one-hitter
quitter
I don't know all I know is that it's
gonna be a dope fight it's something
great that they're doing for their
viewers and stuff I wish the best to
Joella I wish the best to ksi I just
hope it's a good good fight and if you
guys want to take this to the next level
if you guys want to take this overseas
let me know because I'm ready to fight
I'm ready to fight like I don't know man
like I feel like the taking the fight so
see I was watching their press
conference I'm like yo you seen Harris
bro I was watching that price Karma's
like wow like this is dope I finally
seen other youtubers who were in
suboxone calling out the next person to
fight I don't know whoever wins maybe we
can make something overseas come to
America fight America you know you guys
fought here in London too but an ant but
the good thing is I want to do this for
charity because I feel like any boxing
match if you're not a boxer you should
be doing it for charity but if you're a
real boxer all proceeds go to charity so
I don't know let me know you know yeah I
want to take it overseas oven that a mom
who've been chilling here we've been so
so tired I'm gonna be uploading a video
with me Harris nas I believe Anaya all
of us together of a UK slang kinda like
versus a us a slang we've been having a
lot of arguments Harris has been
laughing at me
the past few days for the way I speak
and stuff and I've been laughing at him
for the way he speaks he always says
yeah and every single sentence but um ah
yeah we're gonna see how it go I just
said yet oh my god I don't I don't I
don't say now just that was that was in
American yeah that was it a UK ed you
get me yeah you see that's the that's
Yukiya
what what yeah yeah yeah oh my god oh I
see where we argue so much because of
the UK and the USA saying but I'm
hugging the hood do me gang I'm see you
guys tomorrow you guys enjoyed this vlog
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Sharky it's the winner of the fight
hit me up is really about it like if you
really love boxing it's really about the
boxing life let me know man don't see
how it goes do me out so you got some
all take care peace
I like chillin in it shit swear to god
he shoulda came willing gives you yeah
my baby make some Yemen aid please
today I treat the playing like an uber
if that makes me imagine Ernest cuts and
see much tuna
but this you think Montalban
