alright guys right now it's literally
like late at night ten o'clock there's a
fan who's knocking on the door and I'm
trying to sleep
so if he's like not doing oh I guess I
guess I gotta tell him what's up in my
boxers I'm like right here good morning
it'll be Hank today is the day of the
meeting green first of all I want to
give you huge shout-out to vanity planet
for sending me this this is like my
morning routine for my skin a lot of
women always care for the skin but you
know men should care for this skin tool
just like how women care for the skin I
use this every so good morning I gotta
really show you guys by use these ones
right now is perfect because I have this
pimple on my freaking face and today is
the meeting green I hate that so much
when I got a meeting reads i freakin get
like a growing up it when it gets me so
mad
this is what I always use this right
here you press it this is for your face
this for your feet this is for your body
but this thing comes alone by itself the
other whatever you want to have on it
can be face washing to be regular soap
and since I have no face wash I'm
probably gonna go DJ college and use
some like soap put some soap over here
ah this oven
ah try a face make sure when you dry
your face don't like run this little bar
just like tap drier or let it just dry
in the end if you guys want one of these
go to the link on the loading up on a
discount on it is on my last name sila
sa lah make it party morning routine and
take care of your skin how I gotta get
ready for the meeting I'll see you guys
in a few we are on our way to balad your
shop tomorrow for the meet-and-greet and
I've seen some pictures of videos that
I'm so so scared like this is scary this
is really scary I did not know like that
much people were gonna show up and I
thought of Doha but hopefully everyone
gets to be calm and everyone gets to
like get online just like what happened
in Malaysia everyone got in line
everyone got pics ready what do you
think something gonna go good I never
bet it now should go in place I want
really good is Malaysia Malaysia they're
the only people there was like two
thousand people when they listened every
other place they do not listen on our
way beautiful city
let's do it this is the part where I
always get nervous I don't know you guys
always say you guys get nervous but I
should be the one that's nervous gums
like meeting so many of you and like
always 10 20 minutes before I show our
meeting Reed I just get really nervous I
get this like a rush we're like I don't
know I just have to be like oh my god
okay
I'm scared delay hearts being fast but
under a vision of a high clock event
Oliver I'm leaving you one of them too
now is David what's up bro what's up
how's it going oh my god I'm so sorry
what's up kid I love you too bro I wish
you guys can stay common so it takes a
big everyone is literally come
what's up bro be careful yo office
Oh seventy love you too
what's that brought love you guys you
guys are walking hey guys are so I hear
slavonice has to help everyone just
screws it goes cool thank you guys
shoutouts it'll be right here shout out
to the homie there shoutout to the home
right there Dan that thing who shake
someone you're gonna tell you nothing I
see nothing
this is a game you good one oh my god
guys the people go all the way down
there around the corner this is crazy
Security's about to come in and it's
about to get crazy this kids is up in a
car secure okay
how we gonna do this yeah even though us
it stopped people I mean help to this
guy yeah I even make these Odin is it
any place where we can take like
pictures and everyone gets in line and
place any place I could take pictures
you can take picture these feel time to
all these wait you wanted to hang out
the sunroof like an option no speed
always picture what we do is the picture
here is anyway you could tell him get a
- only weekend we can help you yeah I
can stop the people we can give you
please okay okay
yeah button otherwise we cannot
big picture from tiara bucket in a
kiloton to get a line yeah yes I would
start with knowing stuff can you say
yeah in one leg I've come up with a
picture
thank you very much thank you something
I appreciate you thank you man
I'll be kidding here he's come all the
way from America to do this and
obviously we don't want to disappoint
them me for my guys the real police is
here I don't know what they're gonna do
I think I've been bad or something good
the real face how can we get out can we
get out the cop yeah we can't get up
you're gonna help us no problem Ari you
want a photo we'll try to go out and
tell them to calm down but I can't you
guys don't want to talk to me where's
that out on its own singing - this is
why hello have you guys experienced I
like this before
however yeah you guys you guys are
walking around with a prince and stuff
in the shakes and you never experience
this no for hell guys when I say this
was crazy this was why when I went up
there those people in Starbucks and they
couldn't fit to come out the mall like
it was crazy that's like we were outside
I could even step in I did him except in
the mall all right guys I'm back in the
hotel and it was a crazy crazy time the
craziest thing is we didn't even step in
the mall like we're supposed to go in
the mall in Starbucks but we got kicked
out before we even got into the moment
it was crazy and super wild like I felt
so bad I feel bad for the people who are
waiting inside and a lot of people went
outside I feel like I let you all down
my promise we're gonna make a show here
and I thought we did not expect this
much literally this much people to be
there I expected like to be like a chill
comp because usually when I'm around
I don't know cuz it was awesome in
Malaysia when it was a whole different
country it was calm and it was a lot of
people over here they got wild it's with
Holly flow I'm running
I was like this I swear I say I think
I'd be like I wanted to tweet where my
hotels up but then i'ma get a trouble
don't want to I'm happy that you guys
kicked it what's up hey guys today I do
someone he's the least in there
thank you guys all have another I got so
we're going to a Turkish food restaurant
I do not know what place that's called
that's like a pier and it is amazing
like you can have like shisha in there
and eat there this is beautiful and this
is what I mean by like the Middle East
they take it to another level
but the menus that we got is an icons
let's say I want this you add it to
basket everyone sandwiches Co sandwiches
here so that took us over here thank you
so much the hospitality is crazy man
only be my wife for you about future
wife is here but in this look at man
this is this is goes it earlier
beautiful Wow which one which one is the
best flavor shisha fire she shouldn't
mr. it all of us everything is that all
of them as the bus you can't wherever we
go anywhere we go and I asked so much in
Australia what's good to eat this is
what they said everything is good here
tea everything is the best I'm lucky
what the heck and I'm like what about
like the drinks and everything is the
best not like there's I so hard to
choose I don't know what the things on
oh these guys right everything is the
best beautiful lamb chops
nice I don't know what you got chicken
right messin home is right here shout
out today we'll see names of the
material and how much ya headed to the
homes are you guys Sophie get mopey
later on thank you guys so much
what's up what do I know
what's up veneer I knew it and right
here smash Khalifa he said you want me
to watch this ARIMA for watching this
you wants to marry you I can buy you a
better second oh he's proposing you
propose her guys ooh man some more
homies right here suicide good we're
literally chilling here they allowing
people to come in let's go what's up
whatever you guys want to say you guys
you say what do you know the shout out
to anybody I'm not be very much glad you
guys are so sweet
yeah thank you
so much give him a thumbs up please
thumbs up and you're so sweet I'm
begging ya what do you guys want to say
anything to my girlfriend drama bad boy
man did you get a spanking your mama's
gonna watch this and you can get a
spanking thank you guys for coming
booming happy you know i love you from
bullies boy mommy egg yeah we saw this
video see any real we can have I mean
either neither
yeah ha ha made you sure you should wait
guys I found the guy who went on top of
the car because it's average about what
he was but you my biggest inspiration
for Salman
of course you can say that this is for
your shame this isn't for you I'm
surfacing I do man
uh-huh thank you guys so much for coming
through I appreciate it I love you time
I'm back in the hotel again you guys
show so much love Cataldo how you guys
were amazing seriously meeting you guys
hanging out with you guys was the best
thing ever I was kind of mad because the
cops and everyone didn't allow me in the
mall or to leave I'm glad that I got to
bump it to you guys after we got to
chill hang out thank you guys so much
all the gifts live you guys gave me gift
someone give me another gift from his
stores a shout-out to you guys thank you
guys so so much for everything I know a
lot of guys had gifts to that you guys
could give I don't know hopefully when I
want appeal box you don't have to throw
it you can just send it to the PO Box
and have it thank you so much to shake
us she gave Reema this Barbie Thank You
sheikha she had the cute Mickey Mouse
and her sisters were there thank you
alright guys right now
it's literally like late at night 10
o'clock there's a fan who's knocking on
the door I'm trying to sleep
so she's like not doing I guess I guess
I gotta tell him what's up in my boxers
I'm like how's it goin man oh good I'm
good Howard didn't write sorry I was
laying on a bed like in a box what's in
it huh no G what's up guys shout out to
my jet idea morning dogging yeah alright
free from sorry guitar - good time so I
even have a new wait man I didn't know
if he would does that but I met everyone
already does it I'm sorry how do you
know what the rule number thing that
they gave you other mini green boxers
yeah oh let's maybe move carry session
huh yes
shuttle shout-out to Turkey and fry him
Margit and Donna what's up shout out to
you guys they got so much more see you
tonight thinking about we say right
thank you so sweet man I feel that I
could have just slept a doobie gang it
is finally here the UK tour tickets are
now out and they are now live you guys
can watch this little trailer
the first time I went to the UK it was
summer of 2014 I held a meeting greet
there at Hyde Park to be honest I
expected around 20 to 30 people to show
up but then thousands of people showed
up and it was crazy I didn't even know
that much people watching and I didn't
even know I inspired that much people I
was so overwhelmed by everything I felt
really really blessed everyone there was
so so amazing and ever since that day
I've always wanted to do shows because I
wanted to interact with every single one
of you I wanted to get to know every
single one away I wanted to make you all
smile it was one of the best times of my
life and I can't wait to meet a lot of
you again and I can't wait to meet a lot
of you who I haven't met
thank you guys for being the most
amazing big things have small beginnings
you can get tickets at the first link
you see down below Adam saw worldwide
calm for Leicester Glasgow Portsmouth
London Birmingham obviously anything
Manchester yes Manchester makes you guys
get your tickets um I don't know if the
website is gonna crash I'm pretty sure
it probably is gonna crash but make sure
you guys get your tickets first-come
first-serve this is going to be an
amazing amazing tour with some crazy
special guest from the Adam styler
family makes you guys into tickets
limited seats for VIPs and I can't wait
see that in February 2017 I'm going to
end the vlog here I'm gonna go on
Twitter and see what's up with the UK
tour and everything that's going on
thank you guys so much relevant support
today it truly means the world thank you
so much for you hype for making all of
this happen for bringing us out here to
puff out and making all this happen for
you guys so make sure guys download a
Pew hype you guys already know what's it
about so download you have you chat out
to mozzie Kazi for editing the trailer
of the UK tour magic Ozzy mishegoss
Chekhov's work he's a sick sick editor
Mazzy cozy you also see him he's really
dope thank you so much I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me I take care and peace
love you
tell you what you're gonna be Oh baby
you can have anything you
I can't replace of a baby I'm trying to
be the man in B
