you
heaven oh thanks Oh
hey guys what's up and do me Hank I hope
y'all having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing a so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy positive day we're out
here in Virginia I'm wearing this dope
dope shirt right now we are leaving this
hotel we're going to a different hotel I
do not know why because what causes
cricket team whatever but this is the
view that I want to show you guys but
Virginia the Virginia it looks cool but
it's a lot of trees a lot of green this
is this is view I mean I find it
beautiful because the trees look at this
a lot of trees it just looks like a
bunch of spinach right there broccoli we
out you wait heading out to a different
host how far is it from here
three minutes hit so we're leaving to a
hotel that's two minutes way from here
guys this is how I take my Instagram
photos it takes in like a thousand takes
to take the perfect photo so hopefully
he could take this on the first go
pingzhi gonna bring up
what the heck is this I was like I was
from taking when I'm like not moving I'm
moving so I ended up taking a photo
outside because the lighting was much
better here and the stuff like I go
through photos because these two people
do not know how to take photos I'm
surprised lemme took a really good photo
I see they take the worst pictures I
want to be with someone who takes good
pictures when I get married I'm have to
audition my girls to see if she takes
good pictures and she doesn't nobody can
take it this guy she does it
imma like train you guys take good
photos you don't think this whole feels
like a pussies that's why you guys
together this oxide ticket oh yeah oh
I'd better take good photos cuz you know
yeah you're not only my wife you're my
photographer to my dad murder after
Sudan I don't know Senate father so that
mushroom how was it as a good oh it's
bad nice is that does raise a lot of
trouble Danny safety him in a lot of
trouble also to work here and yak we're
at the Sikh Pakistani food restaurant
here in Virginia and I just got me some
kebabs I also got one of our favorite
drinks that were cops looking up on it
was about mango los angeles mango Leslie
I love this so much
ready smaller yeah and let me yeah mommy
let's leave give us yeah
don't add motion no sugar hi mom's gonna
watch this that my mom is gonna listen
to mango always limiting this already I
just had a bagel is it
hi guys so we have some bad news we
haven't checked in the hotel we're gonna
check it in a few but Vikas has a gain a
crooked game the reason why we came here
for to DC that's what it's raining right
now like really hard and it might get
cancelled so look at this I said what if
I ride for a reason yeah it's not so
good tell me which are linear D Z Rana
Adventure so we chillin higher it
doesn't matter where we go wherever we
go we always have fun alright so I got
some kebabs C noodles rice this is
called non right or naan roti naan roti
so it's roti notice of the platters ever
this is the first they look the same
is this post that chickpeas take you to
chickpeas and Vikas is waiting for
Brioni we in your loose booth guy so
slim snapshot here there's also special
people no that's it well Eunice the
other yes I know I got so sweet no
wonder I can't imagine anyone see what
you guys want to say I just think of
them you know you can the laptop do ball
cute BAM it up he's like cute if I'm
away like my brothers look up to really
those you might even get mad tonight
they were like oh my god hyperdrive
swore wouldn't we see them would see
them you guys caught us it's good that
some snapchat you know k hi guys we just
got in our new hotel room and people
made a mistake and it gave us with me
someone so bad was he goes to bad guys
this means we just let's all the same
one badass moon is it huh wait a minute
oh boy
your wife's white because it slim this
is Jerrod slim does this in the middle
of night whoa whoa hey guys don't fight
come on daddy
no fighting yeah his ears I can't you
get his ears it was me go Jay goodnight
I'm dead you got a lot of the button duh
I'm stop rocky she let me rocky she oh
god I got I got it let me fucking shoot
you should see a few of me okay we'll
see you guys outside in DC hi hi say hi
what's up what's your name
Alma and Carmen Calvo and Carmen if I
like a shirt looks dope
have six I shouldn't shut it oh right
they found us here nice to see you guys
you guys doing good guys chillin
Sarfatti guys waiting within for no I
don't is waiting here who did would have
been cave
okay come again I'm so scared I swear no
oppressed
I am so cleared out guys
right now I'm literally in the bathtub I
just put on these contacts we're like
amazed my eyes it made my eyes read
around my like that
Lagasse he's here
see
this is all scary you guys can't see
much of it
porn someone's like close to me to my
face you can see it so meeting slim and
macaws which is did a video on stones
channel we were watching like these
ghosts is kind of like go stuff and slim
was getting creeped up and I had like
these crazy contacts I mean I pretend
I'm like I don't know possessed or like
Arcos is in a room in my eyes you're
bugging out and I'm gonna let them see
my eyes but I got my wait a little bit
until he comes like to like do I contact
or something you see this let me finish
that in your video order huh do you hate
your video
so all the way over all the way over so
it's the morning room oh I want sleep
station um she's so annoying
some see them in a plea deal of lonely
like that is like them so long ago but
you know so much give me some blankets
oh we've taken it take an old thing Oh
take it home like shit shit I think I'm
gonna go sleep on the bus take the whole
thing
I'm still on for lunch touch me oh it's
cars going sleep can I get like Nike or
something
no question about I wrote a few euros we
were on just push it
no I can't knowing who's pushing me wait
on the earth shake someone's pushing
about huh
oh I'm stop doing that man
something wasn't me oh don't you guys
enjoy this come on visit me some
massages with me are you
what I mean it's at me it's in some give
me out some relation to or what Bhoomi
outside vision is have to put psychology
prolapses it up
what the fuck this is our good throw
from other types of glass do something
fucking together of course you say that
super strong still have something set up
some strong a little bold enough father
we made some shaking MIT come son
I just laid me down I think I'm okay
okay moccasin happen Madison monkey so
our motto decides my Riesling okay I'm
okay okay who still owns stop stop yeah
but I'm just curious less nice very nice
I'm just gonna survive guys fuck you I'm
scared oh yeah let me help me be
something I can move I can take solution
I can't move I'm trying to move I can do
something try to
I can't move something is a viable
option once your ice bag
who's your eyes bro set to try it please
advertise such I push I smoke smoking
glass
oh boy I gotta sluts get his water
getting in some waters to help you -
fuck you can get stuff get some water
come here son get it oh come here man
come here look boys he's not he's not
moving
get some water get him some water man
his eyes closed I take off his eyes I'm
a coach I close your eyes don't saturate
it bro oh and wife judge to say quiets
if you say calm I think Oh guys ahh and
somebo said I'll get some reason I chose
wrong
I'm just doing a little checking on that
one but when one but when I don't treat
me over but was good weapon the shadow
goes hell cuz I hear his comments coming
up scum what's coming what's he doing
what tell me what hello oh stop fucking
around there yeah yeah no you tell me
come on visits them yeah yeah Jesu you
George knows about me and what you guys
do yes do something and the fuck's wrong
with your eyes are so fucking ready what
I saw this look look it look it harder
this contact I'm gonna get what cuz I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna get slim
he got mess when I was with his ghost
video he did on this channel you must
have deserved it though thank you so
much your grandma okay this is scary is
the scariest prank to ever do windows
video make sure you give a thumbs up and
go Turkey huge shout out there homie
split no cos if you guys want to see
that trying to go to the link down below
you see what Cass and slim and you see
the crazy shit he put us put me through
the other reason he's the reason why I
did this play nice with me the whole
time
the other he's the reason why I did this
little prank my eyes are burning take me
an hour to put these freaking contacts
on oh I'm going to take my contacts off
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace hey I love you I
love you look I love you baby I love you
baby girl me
I can't replace her but baby I've cried
it be the man
every day for them
