I spoke to myself I was like I do not
believe that love at first sight that
I'm looked at and I believe
hello wait I want to sing you a song
right you're beautiful
you're beautiful it's
when I saw no face in the boss
excuse me what's going on why are you
all like dressed up and lookin Purdy for
huh I'm going to the water with my
grandma you go to a wedding whose
wedding you're getting married no room
is getting married
ah who are you getting married to let me
see let me see your makeup looks
beautiful Oh mom hey you not supposed to
eat it oh she's not supposed to eat it
you guys are games cut it close it who
did your makeup looks nice and now
you're gonna do it dinos guys what you
guys see right now is a 18 year old girl
and a 16 year old girl trapped in a four
year olds body and a three year olds
body what are you guys doing huh hey Cup
huh hey come you don't hey Cup or makeup
look so how do you dance from the
weddings she's gonna show us how she
dances the wedding say ready set go
we do it you know yeah from the back to
the left to the right oh you guys do it
Muhsin I'll see you later you and your
big diaper that you have on Andrea have
fun at the wedding okay have fun okay
bye Deena I'll see you guys soon
okay thank you I'll go you have lipstick
on nah go
Rima give you guys a kiss and Mawson
thumbs up for Mawson's fish kiss that he
gives goodbye yeah good Toki okay give
him a kiss go okay okay Oh everyone was
to give you guys kisses guys bye hey
guys what's up a new beginning I hope
y'all having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if Adams having
an amazing day slim should be having an
amazing day we out here and unit square
about to film a video for me in the
video forecast and slim I do not know if
he's gonna
he just got out of court congratulations
everything's going well but he has
another court date so there might be a
little you don't know what's going to
happen but inshallah that goes well it's
crazy how he's going court he's going to
court for defending himself against
people who are trying to like jumpy
buddy so good
everything happens reason you overcome
this goal after you
Michela is gonna go well you got this
I'm a film of really big video for you
guys and after that we're heading to
Washington DC because what cos sounds
like a cricket game because he's a
professional cricket player so we're
gonna go and show him I love is that
what happened see how it goes of
Washington DC as a savage but the whole
big newer sometimes that's how you owe
me you got your nice here here's dope
nc1 day thanks Billy
one day I'm gonna have good hair like
that i'ma take off my hat and I'm gonna
be smelling much yeah I get a special
salt pair so dope man sorry go road man
oh that man that speeder well thank you
so much
I gotta change it to my buddy outfit
it's going pretty crazy but something
really good so what you got to see how
the reactions go I just met how light
evens out all right yeah she's a
Palestinian and I was asking does she
know how to fix one of these because
like I can't fix I need a mirror and
she's our big she should know how to fix
a lesion I don't know should know how to
fix it but it's all good nice to meeting
you elephant it's going to say anything
you want to say um yeah I want to shout
out my friend better have another bee
but what I was doing my cousin Sarah
what's up shout out to you guys shout
out to you guys what uh this is always
the hard part we have to like stay
low-key like pretend like you're looking
at your phone or hide behind bushes and
then film it and then we're doing it and
not being like to bait or letting anyone
like see it say see anything happen so
it takes it takes hard work some people
think you just you go out there and film
it
it's hard to know get a good - hopefully
this video turns out good and we'll see
how it goes
the violin yeah give me square Adam I'll
see I'll let Scott does the video him
the letter went great amazing a lot of
people had some amazing reactions a lot
of people had not so amazing reaction is
going to be up Sunday at 1:00 3:00 p.m.
Eastern on Sunday I'll meet you guys
countdown let's go go all right so we're
about to go eat right now and Vikas is
now officially taken my room is taken
there's some of the only lines I'm the
only forever alone wasted nothing walks
up Alexa and Vikas I got a Garza slim
and Sophia Sophia Adam yeah and I know I
feel few third-wheeling what I'm always
turn really I like them yeah I think
yeah I do madam his head Capello boy
it's not bad I was at me I know it okay
Oh what happened every donor day will go
and I don't all right pictures of you
I've seen you taking things about it you
like you're nuts yeah like it yeah
working man he like smells good
scary's being mean to me don't be mean
be good yeah put head over brother don't
be mean Mecca this guy look what he's
doing
look at this
please
so we were taking a bus to Washington DC
running a little bit late I always as
always I don't think hopefully we make
it so you don't make it I don't know
what's gonna happen but hopefully we do
make it as a huge line there and I'm
going just like this I don't care
Justin I don't know it's comfortable
like this can be a four-hour ride that's
looking at me in the back but give me 4
RI and I'ma go yeah but not counting
just probably lay down to sleep like
this screw it
I spoke to mess up all the way I do not
believe that love at first sight down
look that I believe
oh wait I want to sing you a song right
you're a beautiful
you're beautiful it's true
when I saw no face in the boss place I
wanted you to be with me would you like
to be my second one
okay would you like to add me on snap at
me Mike she want to give me her number
man why
it's okay guys gonna try next year
we'll see how it goes all right all
right guys we just got to Washington DC
well actually we're in Virginia right
we're in Virginia not Washington but
they're right let's each other like 5-10
minutes and we want to check in in the
hotel shout out to a cast and this whole
cricket squad for getting the hotel fuss
oh here you guys I will give you you
know tomorrow tomorrow my first time
watching cricket and like even like
getting involved with cricket so is it
yeah is it is it like baseball yeah
should we go let's go always a one on
first time scene open and we are here
Virginia what's up what lights at what
Eliza the heck was that
how's the sneeze yeah that was nice you
take a shape of the room what the heck's
it sun-exposed take it there you have a
bathroom tour first I mean just I we
just got it both laughing what the fuck
this is dope that's it what's that for
separates the bathroom take you guys
this is to pets interview show me and I
always make my editing spot like the
table and outside we barely see anything
but we'll see how it looks tomorrow
morning okay do me yeah it's time to
wrap up this vlog I hope you all enjoy
this life if you did make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go Turkey thank you
all for a lot of support a truly news
the world Sunday at 3:00 p.m. Eastern
Time I am releasing a brand new video is
going to be a crazy crazy video so I
really hope you guys enjoy and let's see
how it is I did half of it in here in
New York City and I'm not gonna say
nothing else up that you guys will see
it Sunday 3 p.m. you see I'm counting
down because this is a big big video
I'll see you our small take care our
pitch hello
anything you want from me
