hey guys what's up and do me hang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having a horrible horrible day so if I'm
having a horrible day you guys should be
having an amazing day the reason why I'm
having a horrible day is because it's
hot it's muggy I'm sweaty
I'm losing my voice and my aunt has gone
crazier so the other day I released a
video my aunt
snitched on me 33 minutes later I've
counted 33 minutes later she called my
mom and had a one-hour phone call where
I had to make a video about it about her
sedition ID because I felt like you know
maybe she'll stop and if she didn't stop
I'm gonna have to take it to the next
level and it went to that next level
matter of fact it went to three four
five levels ahead
she was roasting me on the phone call
with my mom I was begging my mom to
record the phone call so I can let you
guys hear it but my mom went crazy she
was like you can do ever video on her
but do not show her phone calls I'm like
you know what okay I'll explain to you
guys what happened in that whole phone
call so sit down and relax and listen to
this by the way I'm wearing her favorite
shirt she loves this hurt so so much I'm
just joking she hates this shirt with
the passion one time like maybe three
months ago she called my mom about the
shirt she said it looks like I had a
fight with a rat she said that I was too
poor to pay the guy who was putting
cotton on the shirt to pay him for the
rest of the cunt
hey he's my aunt was speaking with my
mom and she was dissing my life out
first of all she was comparing me with
her kids saying oh Adam does this and my
son doesn't do that Adam does this and
my son is right and he doesn't do that
Adam does this and my son would never do
that every one of you guys watching this
every single one you guys have that one
on who literally hates on you who is
literally jealous of you who pretends to
love you and like needs to be roasted
this is that she will find anything and
when I say anything of no matter
whatever I do she'll find anything to
try to make it like somehow against me
so she was on the phone with my mom
calling me so many names telling me that
I'm
idiot saying that I have no life
vlogging every single day saying that my
vlogs suck but do not ever say it my
vlogs suck but I put an effort every
single day every single day I put it my
sweat my dedication to the vlogs every
single day and she's saying my vlogs
suck but girl you watch my vlogs every
single day she kept dissing my life out
on the phone call and I heard in the
background her husband her husband was
saying tell him that he's never gonna
get married but you guys one another
crazy thing they were begging me and
begging my parents for me to marry their
daughter their daughter is really really
sweet she does watch the vlogs but I do
not know if she watches the vlog to tell
her mom and her mom just like hates ina
but her daughter is a really big fan but
at the same time
I said no of like I couldn't accept
marrying her because she's my cousin
maybe that's why the mom hates me so
much because I rejected her dup I have
to say no I can't I can't marry my
cousins it's just weird and like you
can't force me to have an irate arranged
marriage
I want to marry someone that I'm knowing
that I love not someone who knows who
knows how to cook who knows that they
clean she knows how to do everything
know just cause she knows how to do that
doesn't mean I'm just Oh any girl who
does I'm gonna automatically go marry
them but then after a while after the
phone call after she dissed my life out
calling me so many names telling me that
my idiot and everything this is what she
says she ends up this ain't my mom and
no one this is mom if anyone messes with
my mom or this is my mom it's game over
she told my mom that she's a really bad
mother and she did not know how to raise
me girl you don't ever say that look I
understand look I'm serious
you don't ever say that about my mama my
mama raised me well to be nice to people
and to defend myself and to defend her
and that's what I'm doing and that's
what I'm gonna do I don't lose my voice
right now but you deserve a diss track
maybe this will stop you I know you
watching this right now why are you
watching this girl auntie auntie
while you're watching us and I know
you're gonna dislike this video I know I
know you dislike this video but i'ma
tell everyone else is watching us right
now all of the dooming hang the rata
Dokdo meas everyone who silently watches
me I want you guys to do me a favor and
thumbs up this video because I know
she's gonna dislike this video and I
want you guys I want every single one of
you guys to show her how hard we can go
and how much more thumbs up we can be
heard dislikes thank you guys so much
enjoy the diss track do me game they got
you guys mama
that's for you ain't no mess with you
hey yo check it
I had to do to you
this me don't diss my mommy my mama our
queen and you Essam B and C Hamada yup
you a donkey you only got married cuz of
your husband's money
you just hatin cuz your doctor loves me
don't drag my mom and say you got
weapons without your husband you'd be
back in Yemen always talking ish for
attention you're like 43 but you actor
11 always hatin on my success say
something again girl I know your address
don't involve a doomy gang you ratchet
Butthead cuz then I won't be roaster
you'll be roasting you instead you need
to go to bed move on the head which oh
damn life you're not just a bat aunt
you're a bad wife you the type of person
to not share the last slice
take this el and go take a hike what
what whoa yo yo yo just this the OG this
is the husband too
like control ha control huh yeah
control her control huh yeah okay you
like it when she gets aggressive tell
her she's a loner
a disaster like control ha control huh
yeah
like control huh control huh yes and I'm
never gonna marry your daughter
you've been thirsty you need some water
yes I do no she's my auntie but she's
been acting really salty she better not
ever call me shorty she freakin wishes
she's my mommy she doesn't want to see
me smiling positively yes come on okay
do me yeah I hope you all enjoyed this
video if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so so much for your love
and support really hope you guys enjoyed
this video this was just a funny
entertaining video to do I do not hate
my oh nothing like that but she hates me
and I personally think she has a lie
against me she finds little stuff to go
against me which gets me really really
mad because like always look at the
positive and people take them out don't
look at the negative stuff and just say
they're negative
take out the positivity and people focus
on the good stuff so with that being
said I really hope you guys enjoy this
video I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow I
am in thought right now though I thought
while watching this for you guys
watching this right now I have a
meet-and-greet July 30th at 3 p.m. it's
gonna be wild and it's gonna be crazy
I'll see you guys there do my gang take
care peace I like
every day for the rest of my life to be
I can't replacing a baby up
