Oh
card you don't have to play boy you
don't have to play smart we can take it
slow you
no we can take it to the next where bus
waiting over there in New York go fast
go fast bless you bless you bless you
let's see if I'm too happy
there is a huge thunderstorm and
rainstorm right now it's literally crazy
if you go out what's up what's up what's
happening not to bring your seat what
lots of us can see listen you can't come
to the front seat you're gonna get a
ticket because Youssef already got a
ticket today so and it's wet like what
the heck he got a $60 ticket for parking
in the wrong spot this is probably his
10th ticket in a matter of like two
weeks
Yousef you're so irresponsible for that
but it's all good this is like you're
depressing to presently look at the
regulators this just makes it so
depressing look at it looks so dark and
just so like I don't know man
whenever rains and thunder just puts me
in this depressing mood but the thing is
you have to be in a happy mood with
every dark night comes sunshine right
now the police are you guys head down
police please there's a police right
here guys our kids head down head down
everyone else's do that when I was only
because we are about 20 to 30 minutes
away from surprising the fan we're gonna
be surprising do i the girl from
Netherlands who where I performed in
Rotterdam she came to my show her
hunters her and her sister and I jumped
over her sister and I fell on her
which I'm still so sorry about like I
I'm so so sorry like for that I pinky
promised her that I'm gonna hang out
with her on one day and show her around
and she was asking if like some of the
Adams on becoming I was that you decided
I think I'm Austin ARIMA and then she's
like no I can't decide and then I ended
up bringing most of the Adams family I
got Reema Monson who was so bad Hamza
Dina and you service so you got pretty
much almost a lot of Adam's family we're
gonna surprise you right now because you
deserve it so much you show so much love
you showing so much support why why
there was even a warning on my phone
where everyone liked the area got that
warning where they said this give me a
flood so if we get a flood for doing
this it should be worth a second be
worth that so it doesn't matter ons
we're doing something to make someone
happy it's worth it even if we get
through a flood it is still pouring
crazy outside
we go ahead leave this oh my god oh my
I'm gonna wet it always gotta happen on
a day where like you want to do
something like surprise someone or like
do something but so good like I said we
gonna overcome two guys we came and see
the roads outside London
this is quit oh my gosh you see that
look the plaza what that what that oh my
gosh
I'm not surprised muslin fell asleep
we've been driving for like 20 minutes
and with this traffic it takes around
maybe 40 45 minutes it should be it
should have been like 15 minutes but
with this crazy traffic and rain it
takes really really well look at this
traffic right now and it's a green light
green light now look how much traffic is
in these lights are messed up this is
crazy
no one knows where to go this is day oh
my god this is dangerous man New York
City you has any get your stuff together
man
this is like it is like back to Yemen
right guys this is not so good we're
literally stuck in the middle what the
heck I'll go straight go straight this
is all of this because I don't like man
Sean 100 Youssef is an OG on the race
car driver they say Mahalo for you drink
yourself up always say Mahalo because
you end up juice in our together you'll
end up fixing yourself and won't go good
I got skinny mission we're here
as one gallon
Oh
here look I have you win sounds great
look you don't have to play smart she's
going up
oh they can't he supposed to stay there
as much tell me about they ruined the
whole surprise they were supposed to
stay right here
Moslem give everyone say no I need to
say I said he's gonna they mustn't give
every us all about the absent dessert
with the I what was her name with not
supposed to put on and also by right
have some dessert at this famous dessert
spot where a lot of famous people favor
Kendall Jenner Nelly indicated so many
good Shaquille O'Neal
yeah this dude has about 9.8 gummy bears
in his mouth what the right
they're cooperating he's not cooperating
I got watching will show you guys how
box and follows me and anywhere
yeah
guys before we came here I was telling
the whole Adams family to like be do not
be ratchet do not go around being
Saturday muslin he is a freakin savage
like a savage
Osmos savagery he's bad so bad no he's
nice over hi guys we're gonna have to go
I'm so sad my MA keeps calling me and we
went out without even telling my dad saw
my dad I'm gonna go out two minutes away
and he's gonna go crazy but I hope you
enjoyed your time in New York and I hope
you had so much fun you too it was her
thank you anytime thank you guys so much
you guys are so sweet I find it so
everybody do me Yankee Netherlands I
don't so what have Nathan love what's up
Rema Rema
she said she was listen hey Dina give it
we go no identity that's because she's
my best friend
Rima go give it a go who are you missing
me or her but we just I'm saying yes I
want to take out something what Hamza is
single and he's looking for a girl from
the novel that ah wait from the
Netherlands oh yeah picks you up with
Daniel Daniel oh he died
give him a big kiss here guess the only
knows how to do that he's huh
what's up guys I'm at home we should
speak only from brother Yama
hey what's up I don't want to say
anything Sony give a shout out there
homies studio idea and everybody what's
up tada we have a little convo over here
anything I want to say for the outer
party
lady Aisha how I eat shucks receiver how
are you sure as all as an agenda pull
the charts put a beer opener mercy but
the video alia any of the camera
movement there's no love hey guys make
sure you keep your prayers and jalapeno
and I shall our egos were a mirror
thank you so much god bless you stupid
what's up I'm with some of the iris
family and I decided to do a little
challenge today and the winner will win
a huge huge surprise for me hurt hi I go
sit down
good idea alright I gotta ask you guys
questions about me and whoever gets the
most right they win okay okay you guys
cannot say nothing I'm gonna ask each
person a question the first question
goes to my dad alright but yeah it's for
you this first question something about
me yeah ready yeah
when is my birthday give me a minute
listen don't tell on me though I guess
yes
22 when is my birthday I tell you have
to keep it did not give it away
shake it baby is in June I'll give you
my job thank you daddy
94 I'm gonna tell any three hey what
years
everybody is dead what my dad got that
question wrong
I'll give the question - Dina Dina ready
yeah when is my birthday
five four four what they write for what
for what now you say you're sick so sick
go neither guy right four of six six is
Jude and the fourth is it I might beat
up y'all my knee like did I just got my
birthday what the heck ready for this
question yeah
what is my favorite color well what look
be more specific
well this is specific in this what do
you mean you want to sit in it what kind
of blue blue I know but what kind of
look Andrew no no that's a stylist now
you think about that you got wrong my
dad that you don't like yes I know my
dad is qualified Nina got it right you
got it wrong I really ready what is my
girlfriend's name
she got it right Stacy Stacy GRI so so
for Dina and Reba got it right my dad
and Hamza are disqualified
this is Heidi's question okay how old am
I good job having it all right usage
rate of you question yeah you said you
know your birthday said July boy how
tall am I I'll swallow my huh five seven
five seven Oh what
whoa five seven and what and I quote up
and what children and I quote it wait
seconds okay plus I'm in hell fine what
five seven and a half five seven and a
half almost five feet inches okay you
got it right okay you got it right okay
I'll give it up me too you need to
describe both the girls club that's
class do we win you see I'm ashamed to
say that part of Adam Sam I'm ashamed
hi guys so these are the four finalists
here I didn't ready this question yeah
when did I start YouTube one
flaw and I still write four years ago
Deena yeah she's getting all right four
years four years ago she's doing good
are you ready what is my saying in the
vlog each beginning of what is it why do
I call it do me gang do me so I don't
call my viewers to do it why why do I
call my viewers a doobies five seconds
three two one Hey look get the heck to
that side the answer for that was
because my mom used to call me do me
when I was younger I decided call you
guys a dually I do it again when was the
first time I went to London
five seconds four three 2012 2013 2014
get the hell it wasn't going what's up
with August 2014 the first time I want
to use it let me show you 13 you been
arrested at the head of it how are you o
2014 that's my deal I can't believe this
Rima Deena
who's ready you guys ready yeah yeah do
you know this questions for you okay
what is my name
Adam what five for Remo did I ask you
the question you disqualify together Wow
and the winner is he was disqualified
the winner is Dina's Honor remote did I
get squirrel fine okay you know you
didn't you didn't know
I didn't know oh oh not bad it's going
guilty I'm sorry she knows she knows
she's getting disqualified them real oh
okay so what you want to do I'm helping
you out you're not gonna get smaller
Rima and Deena these are the winners of
this whole game everyone else get out of
the camera get out camera this is your
prize you guys ready for the price yeah
sure yeah you guys got a cool guys
though
you both got close you guys dinner food
is out with everybody who's eyes
Cuba's close coming the fights come
weird is oak in this surprise you guys
ready I'll open this open it open Ready
Set big hi I'm gonna end up like here I
hope you guys enjoyed like we did make
sure give it a thumbs up and go turkey
I'm mad at you guys forget it and doing
wes is wrong I'll see you guys tomorrow
Mike take care or peace I love you
Sonia
Oh baby
anything you want
