hey guys what's up and do me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing you all should be having an
amazing I am back in New York City we're
having an amazing day laughing good day
good keep smiling man you too man I am
heading to the Big O so remember the the
colorful rainbow bagel store to meet up
with slim have the seats of like a whole
week and a lot of things that I look
forward to when I'm traveling come back
to see my family and a home he's slim
and Waqas and he's been waiting for like
10 minutes extra bad because slim hates
waiting even if it's two minutes when
I'm waiting it's no malignant
he dumped me on the phone Sophia because
he's whipped he's eating without me he's
on the phone with and he rose you know
what I'm gonna go hard some guys do me
I'm gonna go I got your back I got your
phone
everybody's vanilla that's blueberry and
in this like strawberry this is supposed
to read a black one like so I have no
idea well like it is all sick of the
cream cheese is like dad like that's
time I revolve it really Lucchese I try
one fitting which was about had brento
was good I had it so I got me a Remo
bagel with funfetti cream cheese and
iced coffee
slim waiting for work a cigar and he
takes longer than me bro new blog okay
obviously this one this one soon last
time I came are you really shut up over
last another one we're waiting on the
past what cast is here here is back a
little bit so happens when you're a
professional cricket player and then you
get MVP mashallah and he still is be
still injured man he's like he's like
the Kobe Bryant in cricket man it's not
cool down a bridal slim well decided to
you know roast meat with cos oh and he
thinks right now you know it was pretty
good about that but me will cost gonna
come hard man I'm good
some so cry after the roadside yeah now
he's get a good some you not saying that
hashtag Slim's not Steve say bro yo hey
wanna see how I'm moving best bro later
boo boo press the bull does come with a
bro good I gotta fit Matt here with Adam
what's up I got this guy's out oh man
you guys are cool man we're trying to go
play tennis huh
ma you need a permit to go play tennis
let me just borrow yours and you get to
be in the vlog
there's no space come borrow your permit
there's movement checking this one sake
going yeah that's illegal file just
going I want to happen me have a permit
you don't need a permit to just go ahead
can I just go me the other day the new
gonna courts up we're gonna try to go in
all right guys we're doing something
illegal right now going in without a
permit guys you shout out to these two
kids right here for giving us a rack and
playing thank you guys so much
hey what's up say hi hi the comments we
read the Williams it's my 18th fight oh
good good good right soon nobody said
goodnight house
thanks I got in here
scrappy
hey okay guys thank you to this kid gufa
yeah thank you so much all right thank
you thank you melody is so sweet he made
us play thank you I appreciate we almost
got in trouble because you guys snitched
on us
did you guys snitch on us what did you
snitch on him
no you definitely raised it isn't it he
said oh man damn bro I don't like you
with snitch roll other kid is hiding
from us look him he he's running away
boys were going into the back I don't
like what people switch like that and we
were just in there playing tennis really
not doing nothing harming anyone and
he's going to nest nishan that you know
the kids go through the back hi guys owe
me some just went to a barbershop and it
is so dope I saw - how the barbel
usually there was those two ladies they
were so freaking video better than our
local barbers
so in this neighborhood were like it's
like a bunch of hipsters and I don't
know which I don't know today I'm like
who's the hipster who's not so I'm at go
around and ask people there I don't know
hipster so let's see
excuse me I have a question so I'm from
LA right and they said this area's a
hipster area so I might you have sir
yeah
you want your absolute sense ever after
I'm gonna hip surfing thank one huh I
didn't fake one I didn't take a walk
yeah it was quick a hippie
nice to meet you hipster take a thing
let's see huh excuse me have a question
are you are you a hipster fun enough to
get it everyone excuse me have a
question so I'm from LA are you guys
hipsters or no no so whose hipsters yeah
I'm a hipster cheese coming huh she just
she just called me this all right guys a
tour guide had him his back
this is Sabrina she came from Missouri
right Missouri she's originally from
Malaysia which is one of my favorite
places a koala vote for her first time
in New York with less than she was in
New York either was great to her again
I'm just rolling around your city I'm
like yeah I'm pretty much the tour guide
now but that's the rightest era you know
what happens to the best era like
like if you go out there like if you're
wearing the color black
like a gay member zelfike enough
okay shout out to a bison hey what's up
man I guess what's up I selected I know
what we're gonna show me the picture
here every last year so he's gonna show
me the picture where you make me laughs
here we go this thing goes nice at the
wedding oh yeah I remember that it's a
big book yeah thanks but thank you so
much all right I see you're disabled so
Sevilla hates me right now I don't hate
is it because I keep stuffing is like
I'm trying to give her a tour guide no I
gotta be a good a good tour guide
what's a bus it every week if I wasn't I
missed you guys so so much where he has
been at you've been at home to the beach
oh did you feel better now what what are
you my son do you feel better no I was
in Doha Qatar do you know is that her
what happened he's muscles losing his
voice he's been screaming lady that's
what my parents told me what happened to
you I even screaming ha why who have you
been screaming at he was screaming
everyone why why you screaming everyone
but you don't scream at me like that say
sorry and give me kiss okay okay you
guys ready so people do you know what
that is that about people on cut that
they gave you a gift one of them is here
that's one of them
sit down
Emma this is yours too this is from girl
the room I see Thank You Lola you never
seen her though okay
and my son is taking his like everything
were you high coming off a high
yes I really cover it what's up it do me
yank so I'm so July I founded the time
zones and hotter than here is like crazy
so I decided to do the talk right here
with the homie Yousef energy what up
what's good what's up bro you gotta cut
your hair room like this dudes hair I
were when I had a minimum 2 mm bro Oh
cut your hair for I'll cut it for you
it's not a man bun bro I don't know man
this is huge bro it's basically a button
and you're not a matter you know you're
Roman on a man or woman buttons that's
all of this yeah you know what they have
a ponytail that's that's alright maybe
now legs off the loser because it's like
all of it the winter is coming up so I
gotta keep warm Rose who is having her
head did I want to tell you guys a story
but what happened with my nephew Hamza I
want to tell you guys how he met DJ
Khaled which is yeah which is pretty
made how did you call it my son and how
his son met his dad sorry ready I'm
ready
cuz imma tell you the story too let's go
ok alright so Hamza found out that DJ
khaled he was having like a
meet-and-greet kind of thing and
somewhere around Soho or like somewhere
somewhere than n so he has up going and
then he had like the I don't be seen in
his day shirt like I stay away from date
cuz you know stay away from it so he
went there and then he was waiting and
then it was around 6 to 7 hour wait but
luckily he got so lucky DJ Khaled's
brother and did a college like staff
management team know who Hamza was
tender like wait you know like we look
so familiar man like and then he was
like oh my name is hums oh yeah early
videos with my uncle and I'm sorry it
has a channel called Adam salon
have you seen it they're like yes yep
yeah how is it your humza so there was
so nice nice enough to let Hamza skip
the whole line and meet his dad so they
let him meet his daddy and they let the
economy and son time to tell me one
thing that he told me was dj khaled was
really really nice like from 1 through
10 he told me that he was a nice like a
10 out of 10 that's how nice he was so
he shoutout to do dj khaled thank you
for being really nice like that's it's
hard to see celebrities out there being
that nice and he told me that you were
so nice to the point where like it felt
like he'd known you he's known you for a
while which is it feels great that you
were nice too you know to the Addams
Family I would have met him too if I was
here but I was I was in Doha I thought
but hopefully did you can I'll see you
he always comes ten when she thinks oh
it's like 2:00 a.m. and my brother Brian
show me yeah he's ordering food I'm
starving
I'm full of Vogue like toy Arana I go oh
what about you when we get like 2:00
a.m.
maybe I order a forget and Philly
cheesesteak it's getting a Philly Naniwa
half half
I can't I gave you fool but let me keep
you guys updated with the UK tour um
London VIP sold-out birmingham VIP sold
at lesser VIP sold-out manchester VIP
sold-out the Glasgow on houses one
wasn't
yeah Glasgow VIP sold-out Portsmouth is
not sold out but the rest of every
single city has standard tickets trust
me guys still get Santa tickets because
it's gonna be lit and we have a couple
of special guests from The Addams Family
is gonna be extra lit so you guys yeah
you guys go to the link down below and
get your standard tickets Portsmouth
still has a couple VIP and then it sold
out then the rest have standard regular
tickets I still want you guys to get
regular tickets because I guess you know
I want them to see the show you know I'm
saying I don't want you guys just saying
my own I mean that always dog meeting
guys but trust me Santa tickets also
trying to like meet you guys outside or
even during the show I'll go edits will
always try to sneak in the back or
something I tried it you yeah you mean
you can sneak it I'm not saying nothing
I'm not recommending it I'm saying you
can't
if you want yeah so and another surprise
I want to tell you guys I have a main
channel video coming soon I'll see you
guys tomorrow
give this like a thumbs up and go turkey
let me know when I should upload the
main Channel video get your tickets for
the UK tour tickets and I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care take care and
peace I like so baby please be who you
wanna be
I know your father will be proud of
where you're gonna be
so don't let anybody tell you when
Oh baby you can have anything you want
and
