dumi gank we just got tired location day
2 of Instagram famous it is gonna be
crazy we got a big big house man look at
this backyard of this house look pretty
so this is part of the backyard and this
is also part of the backyard and this is
also a part of the backyard man you can
put another house over there man all I'm
saying if this was Yemen or something
we would already built like eight houses
around each other but let me give you
guys a tour of the house tell what you
got look at this man
this is that how is that where you got
what does even look like England looks
like California or Miami or something
like see the palm trees here other palm
trees there we got the pool over here it
looks like la look wow it's not over
there I see a dog a puppy Bosley what
the heck is face whoa my god oh my he's
running out he's calling someone what
he's calling his goons Bosley was Bosley
doing this hi Bosley how you doing looks
like Bosley little brother no yeah they
find each other hey no fighting no PMI
Jean do me game it looks like summertime
but the thing is it's not pretty chilly
here right now bro on set they got the
lights over there everyone's inside
literally the whole gang is inside let
me show you guys the front yard if I
ever moved to London I'll be here man
look how this goes up this is just
beautiful beautiful houses I've seen got
a rooftop what they got a rooftop for
the shots we are you going down to do me
gang I'm gonna keep you guys updated
with all the shots thank you guys so
much we live in support if you guys
haven't subscribed make sure you guys
subscribe and be part of it Dhoom again
and click that subscribe button a Dhoom
again and don't forget to thumbs up and
let's do it today guys I'm here with my
list about hey what up man I like your
shirt she got the Ferrari shirt on
no guys man we just did a feather scene
I got like feather inside my hair inside
my beard should have done this shot
that's the best it's gonna be lit but I
can't wait to look at this book looks
like I have lice in my head but it's not
it's just like feathers it's over
Phoenix good right
that with gossipy up your like get like
a badger 0ub slating a girl look at you
I mean you've got the Ferrari
I need a Bugatti shit man you know come
on keys you gotta make keys alright hey
what's up man hi doing yoga hey smell
brother my man how you doing my name is
Naimah red even see their peers yeah yes
there's a girl she's always quiet I'm
sorry thank you so much
don't touch your face yo I feel so
pretty yo guys man look who came here to
surprise me this man Leo manmini not Z Z
what's up how you doing doing good hell
do you know every time I see him he's
getting older and older
March 30th his birthday is coming
through and your hair's getting long man
you got the same molecule how long you
going in there
well ma'am isolating the dope man so
we're doing a lively lively what up man
it's like shooting music yeah you should
though your hair purple why all wrinkled
slim did it to you yo they got amazing
this is dope what the heck go jumping in
what ba what this is insane no no what
is it's called a I forgot a hammock I
keep forgetting man we got so scared of
dogs
okay ain't as easy yo they got Ches here
with him they got freaking chests this
is great broke they legit got what the
magic this is so dope having a chest in
your backyard is like yo the crazy thing
is not even know how to play chess in
doom again we have another special
special guest only the rider dies we
know him because I believe like a year
year and a half ago
you guys seen him he is a star he is a
superstar the man
Harper doing good you're right yeah I
love this do so much how do you know
high five well I remember when he was
three years old we met the so we met and
when do we meet remember what were you
going to know you won't go into New York
you're going some else
we're going to Dubai do you remember do
you member Dubai or not seriously my
best friend needs to call me his best
friend Weesa best friends or not yeah
that's best friends United man best
friends you know I did g-guys if you
guys do not know he's now on television
he has his own TV show in the UK which
is insane man you killing it bro yo
Harper I got to show you a trick ready
for this magic trick yeah
alright guys by the way Harper's mom is
here say what's up how you doing thank
you so much for coming through seriously
I'm missing a minute so let's show them
the trick ready all right I'm gonna show
you magic so when I clap the light is
gonna turn off ready yo what what's your
name this is Syd Syd yeah and what's the
other one
hey yo have you met my best friend
haven't you have you your Harper that's
Mitchell Mitchell that's Harper
toshiaki ladies go say hi to me he's
loyal says why you have to do pose more
like the ladies gonna be like hey like
this
so I going to sway like that you know
saying that swag that's why we're only
can't do that what because then then you
get hurt
nope don't do it no man he's going down
he's going with that Harper you're going
with me actually I want to lose my best
friend
I don't wanna lose my best friend Harper
no don't do it
dude that's a do this hold my phone hold
on phone cuz I'm gonna do back foot back
handspring Adam hard for those a
backflip right oh you won't do this
world it man you my best friend in the
savage you can't do this man wait till
you're 10 wait to a 10 yeah 10
oh no no you can't do that you can't do
it no no no no no Leo don't you be
careful you
hi guys about to have a race back look
how long one - cheeseburger cheeseburger
one two sharks oh thank you thank you so
much we got this pop thank you harbor
harbor why do you want to be
why are you savage i'ma just jump in and
do it back from scooters and I know many
jump
yo that'd be funny video right arresting
a kid prank hey we see the power to
vacate a public thumbs up if you guys
want that man arresting a kid and
publicly arresting a kid that'd be crazy
right people be like what that are you
doing hands up put your hands behind
your back I'm Batman my bad about my
Jeep
okay I know red hue is like robbing a
bank
oh mighty okay turn and it should swear
to god II should it came when life gives
you Yemen baby makes them Yemen aid
their place I'll new today I'll treat
the playing like a nuva
a fan makes me imagine or discuss and
see much noona
