I could tell by her reaction you
now I tried to imagine and help her do
this
so baby please be who you wanna be I
know your father will be part of who
you're gonna be oh thank you very much
thank you so much for you man
keep smiling and thanks on Good Morning
to do me young I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day I'm up here in the hell with
this amazing view I don't know if you
guys can see it but it's a beautiful
beautiful view today should be a
beautiful happy blessed day and I'm
gonna take you guys with me on this
positive journey for today these are the
shares
haha Donny family right here the homies
His Highness Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa
al-thani the other one is shift I mean
then Hamad al-thani what's up homies how
you doing what's up now do you really
wanna lose
 1:22 10 it's so hard to
film out here because we got so humid
right now around 105 degree and it gets
so humid here that have fogged up the
lens and it messes up I look at this
beautiful city of puffins just a piece
of it this is amazing like Middle East
this is the side that the media does not
show right here what's up man I don't
course no again how are you good yeah
how you guys do together
I'll do it
say cheese veggies thank you where you
guys from
formally apologize I mean talk about a
walnut left the got you made a key so
we've been taking ubers everywhere but
we wanted to walk and explore the city I
know it's like dumb to walk and other
but look how amazing it looks like it's
just it's literally beautiful everywhere
Ariel oh please it's gorgeous and plus
we're taking pictures but now we need to
stop a taxi so I don't know how to like
stopped a taxi taxi taxi
no taxis everyone's looking at me like
I'm crazy taxi have you got a walk this
little thing right here only in Doha
there's a huge ice-skating rink in this
huge model
as a kid keeps following me me enough
and if you screaming her name in hiding
he's like Adam silently hi I'm literally
looking at the kid right now I'm he's
hiding he's hiding I swear to God if I
wallow I don't know who's trying to do
sorry you Patti wanna show him in the
blind this is the kid
we can do it up will you keep going bro
huh
you very shy so you gonna scream my name
in high high breaking each other this is
good breaking me - guna so we shall go
did you say I don't bite enough I very
good
he literally followed us from downstairs
hid behind every single store and like
when we want to go catching me right
away I'm like bro we're good but are you
good sure let me scan a car I got so we
need any key of C V nozzle online
this homie is lab Yemen he came up to us
and paid for a whole food well I know
you can't say look you came to my city
you leave we have to like you know I
have a shoe and I might go thank you so
much I'm so happy I'm so happy to meet
you
you are welcome
I love in Thailand
I love you too guys so see you all right
he shout out to the homies lab right now
we got KFC and the Pepsi they got us is
hot man so minute come
sulfur I don't
what's up Sean says that for beginning
here while I'm here this guy's cumin
yeah what's up
little black come through anybody want
to go up what's up so you guys want to
say bye guys wherever you guys want to
say say it you guys in the vlog now
what's up they're frozen ask know what
you say you vodka so Cuba
thank you so much all right guys we're
about to go on the boat it's another
come you see you got foggy man what
the heck about to go on this boat you
want to go on this boat what's up how
much is it
coming up name it name tonight no sir
beside being from Cydia sure because
every washing they let us know if it's
really 150 wheels I'll pay you $150 you
guys gonna let me know is 150 you sure
two people condom how long 30 minutes
let's go we all chill guys no one
believes that nice that's Bengali hey
Arabic Jemma Yemen from Yemen yeah yeah
man what back oMG what the heck whoa
whoa whoa this is crazy I just got in
vote I do not know what to expect I
think they just show you like a tour
around like nothing they need one of
these in New York or you could just like
personally going to vote and not one of
those big boats were like random people
with you this is sick oh my god
hey guys gonna leave us Romancing the
levers oh my god
violet violet
thank you so much ma'am thank you thank
you thank you so much I was really
really funny this is crazy I'm sweaty
man should be about the thank you
so much
so we literally came upstairs to change
because I was sweating so much to the
point where like my whole clothes were
like soaked in sweat we're going down
right now and something crazy dope just
happened remember the beginning of vlog
when I show you guys
al thani family the royal family the
chefs and everything of I thought they
got in contact with me and they spoke
with Nas Emmys Pokemon management team
and they told us that one of the little
brothers is a huge fan and he showed it
he showed me that I was he showed them
that I'm in Doha and they wanted to like
show me around taking on but they're out
of the country right now but they're
literally giving me a driver with like a
catalog car right now to like anything
you want you let us know which is really
really amazing so thank you guys so much
for your hospitality Thank You Doha
thank you to tiny family thank you guys
so much it's already almost 9:00 and Naz
is still inside changing like seriously
this dude takes so I thought I take long
you guys think I take long way usually
I'm the one that's supposed to take one
nan States so freaking long been ready
to sex Tuesdays it's too sex two hours
of two seconds to save my pika-movie two
seconds two seconds and then like 20
minutes later you ready yeah two seconds
so now I'm ready so now you decide he
wants to do his hair because it's we're
already late anyways huh we're late
anyway from you so might as well just
fix my hair my 10 minutes give me 2 sec
spiritually religion got emotion what is
it like mushrooms earth languages Oh
some guys I knew it all models in here
Holly Holly
oh my finale and I want him to share
with you guys the dream he had so well
it wasn't so I have a child difficulty
to be gaming yeah and I got about 40k
views yeah and I was wondering about the
stolen yeah the same day I dreamed about
you yeah you were known you'll say yeah
and I was in uniform yeah I don't know
how you just hear the my house yeah
then you should be you're gonna do a
shuttle for me yeah and then your dad
said no don't do a shot before you put
that dad what do you say yeah then uh
like you had a little fight of your dad
yeah you did said okay because he's
trained you don't--it for him then man
then you said okay I'm gonna do it yeah
so what you gave me a shout-out
yeah and I got 200k subs wow that's
great so now you came true and that mom
and my dad is not my dad wouldn't do
that so my hat is cool but what's your
what's your youtube channel name uh II
to be vlogs how do you spell it
e yo TB blocksize checking my EU TV
vlogs another came running oh he has a
camera I was well I'll I'll beat his
Bobby - I made you got check them out
check it out you made my day seriously
I'll leave you to man you got a brother
yes but if you don't like this eh - oh
nice
he's like he got a dope camera right
here it's a sick I like the hell do you
guys I'm 13 yeah 14
masha'Allah nice let's do this come on
how is it in Sukhois cough is it good
yeah it's good nice we're gonna go to
soup our can figure out how many a drive
you what's your name
yeah I'm John John the homie John right
there what's up thank you so much sorry
for the wait man it's okay get a real
man you really P I appreciate it so hi
guys I'm at the homie Sayed right here
he's a huge fan and his phone was really
blurry eyed oh man this phone is really
blurry and I think you know what she
being a block of orange juice water
hookah my man right here thank you so
much how do you check it yeah the soda
sweetener this one I this until we got
adult view
well can't really see if it's dope view
of soup rock if I keep my first messing
it up a super-tough over there
don't they got a live pianist here we
playing club this guy he's got Berlin
Drake man this guy got sick producer
next single with the homie right here
this is sick
like this so a loss stand on it that's
my glass it's glass bro are you dumb
go stand on it now this is water there's
a glass on top of it
no sir there is hey you know just stand
on it first to stand on it is gloss
it's a glass bro just put your feet
right in just jump what are you idiot
this is only stuff that you see like in
cartoons and stuff I
where's the what no clue man seriously
having this driver made our life so much
easier the uber app will take us 20
minutes to come it's pretty dope this is
so sick
thank you someone will thank you man
this is soo ah shout out to the l Taney
from now is gonna snapchat everything
Raj look at Li what you're the snapchat
snapchat there he's let my little love
channel
Naza snap is like his little mini vlog
that thinks he doesn't he just got back
to the hotel and it room service and
food here is amazing we got
cheeseburgers here
beef bacon or halal by the way they're
very on ear ice some noodles tight Thai
noodles chocolate chip cookies orange
juice
water bismillah we're about to eat and
then after that meticulous to the
jacuzzi and pool and maybe to the beach
if it's not too dark out so we'll see
how it goes
I'm at the pool I'm gonna take you guys
on this tour in this pool ok so this is
the first pool here in this hotel it's
so sick like I'm literally inside like a
tunnel sing a castle we're going ready
so Oh looks so beautifully it looks like
real mountains with soap and then when
you go down here you can see another
pool down there I'm this is it right
here this is the Jacuzzi jacuzzi so sick
pool and there's another pool down there
have to see you now there's another
jacuzzi down there that's Squidward's
house this is my bikini bottom I don't
know why it looks just like bikini
bottom
okay booming yang it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoy this vlog
did make sure you win a thumbs up and go
Turkey I met so many amazing people
today and I thought is pushy that kid on
the boat now he knows about my black
channel and I told him he's gonna see
this video and that you see when you
guys again thumbs it up so thumbs it out
for the homey in the boat he's gonna see
it I want you guys to show him extra
love because he was so so sweet and they
go through so so much when they work
there in that weather literally from day
tonight so shout out to you homie thank
you guys so much
tomorrow is the big big day it's a big B
degree day and it's gonna be a big nice
more of that vlog to let me know the
comments below to anyone I thought what
should I do that's pretty dope you guys
let me know I'll see you guys tomorrow
out the day of the meteor II is gonna be
crazy and while stay updated with me on
my Twitter snapchat which is all on the
link down below Instagram almost a newly
follows once again I'm like 9,000 oh I
said I was 10,000 so let's see what goes
on today I see you guys tomorrow take
care or pitch play let anybody tell you
what you wanna be
oh baby you're gonna have any
I can't replace them a baby I'll cry to
be the man you be cried
