so yeah what's up hey guys what's up you
do me dang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing this old farm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy positive duck right now I am
heading to you square to film once again
and it is a video for my fashion channel
then after day I'm gonna head back home
and then go back outside to meet with
the LA homies and slim and it should be
fun
we are driving to Union Square right now
I'm going to show you guys my old school
that is to go to that expelled me
because I fought the Dean I do not know
if you guys know the story but I did say
it a couple times
oh my honor I do means we know the story
but I will show you guys the school this
is the school I actually had a
restraining order from the school so I
cannot be around it like 200 feet away
and some like that I'm actually breaking
the wall right now I'm near from 200
feet I'm close to I'm like 10 feet away
from it so huh well yeah this is it
right this is at Manhattan Center
this is the school that I want to run
for the Dean now my cell has a little
summary wire for the Dean because he
basically mimic the way my mom was
speaking he made fun of the way mom
speaking in front of her and that wasn't
the only time you did a couple times
ain't no one messing with my mommy this
is it yeah Percy's ready to be shocked
Oh miss my name in your feets i reverse
things and
toaster
what's up guys I'm here with the homing
Tim Tim rides and pressing classic
single shots we're out here in unit
scare we just filmed a really dope video
of my fashion channel and now we're
gonna film a video for his channel and
it was his first time going on public
doing something so weird so how was it
was cool it was fine yes crazy because
he swears probably like the craziest
places I know you never know you're
gonna get I don't like like he did
really good probably better than me well
you guys gonna have to wait so you guys
see the video if you have one check out
Tim Bryan haven't you got one or two in
one chair one channel Tim Bryan you
never see it in the link down below what
did you think I was hopefully we're
forever well you got a right last name
ever first name greatest that's me right
there okay
did you like that song oh I'm gonna stop
following you thank you so much man it's
gonna find me on Twitter is Drake or if
it's Instagram - champagne puppy drink
let's drink yeah drink if it's Instagram
just champagne puppies next time someone
else use a favor rapper what are you
gonna say flow through hey yeah you know
that yeah yeah yeah
guava 100 hold about drinking Macau of
course man Drizzy Drake my god yeah what
he done yeah just keep on the six like
last week from Toronto yeah okay
I'd see Rihanna for bit after that cuz
she did she did a show beers after you
don't have fun work yeah yeah I do you
know just like did it before words we
had to grind on her for like 20 seconds
and I love you need to get done done
done done at work come on you gonna put
on YouTube yeah it's gonna be everywhere
it's gonna be your mom I need to band
once my managers get a get it through
hopefully goes on Netflix everyone okay
yeah man
will be the time Bobby it's out on the
autobiography of Drake yeah proven
rapper who's drinking thank you so much
that's a little windy said what's up I'm
Andres Eva take it so the funniest
things is having I went to the yellow
cab the first thing he says like are you
rapper you don't like that rapper Drake
then I was waiting I'm like let me take
out the black camera at a pretend I'm
trick but the whole time you really
thought I was drinking why'd you mess up
my wall look look what you did look what
you did to my wall yeah who's that who's
that
yeah who did all this listen you did it
yeah you did that yeah yeah you did that
did at mosun on fighting give Dean a big
hug up along you can give me a big hug
hey stop stop why do you fight give give
Dean a big hug and a kiss okay yeah
because uh muslin I swear we're trying
to teach you how to be good DNA okay
yeah okay
mother look look how--look how nice DNA
is Dina turned out to being one of the
nicest one of my nicest nieces ever
she's so sweet
she denied kiss nope I'm not talking to
you don't say my name
no give her a big kiss okay fine fine
what what are you okay sorry sorry sir
what do you want what do you want yeah
you owe me
Sep that she's gonna sing frozen since
this is like their favorite song lavalla
mono muslin stop pointing at Kanye West
and let D not sing okay what are you
gonna sing what are you gonna say what
are you gonna sing latina sitting latina
go for Stephenson all right guys
someone is here I got a surprise for you
guys and someone got a surprise for me
come here
say F just came Z hi Wow
how are you you got a haircut that's
nice missed you so much and that's it -
what is it he gave me a surprise
he's lucky I did I know I didn't know
what it is but it it's a shirt open the
shirt limousine hate on what it says
what is it
so read it was it I did - it was it oh
my god if I'm having an amazing day you
all should be having animate this is
sick thank you say F given me that thank
you so so much
making me feel bad cuz I didn't give you
nothing okay
thank you me cos I love you so much give
I've given big fucking finger I'm gonna
wear for you okay
whole dozen more I don't I don't like it
Wow
I love it thank you so much me I'm a
model if you okay
I gots Russia's great do a catwalk food
so it's around 7 o'clock right now
I've been having a long long day I feel
from like 12 to like 3 to 4 I got home
took a nap I'm supposed to be going to
the little event
caius I'm at logically doing but I ended
up knocking out taking a nap I'm so
sorry to anyone that was there and they
met slim they were looking for you
waiting for me I'm so so sorry actually
ended and I am here now about to go meet
up with them I supposed to go
what's that your hair oh yeah
I'm like with nothing has something I
had I'm supposed to go to their banner
like I heard you guys killed it and I
see you never know man you guys why do
you look so tired
Karthik so tired guys like a beautiful
day but now I'm tired - I really don't
think you know it's all good you know
overcome this
a fish my name your tweets Tim Allen a
shot top you know yeah I was listening
to earlier today a little bit out to the
deep down voice here
shout out to the what deep their voice
deep de Bourg ha ha ha it's not here is
that like a guy in like you can not know
my voice my I share my home why I pay
one high they won't wait I try to shout
out with you do the shooting you Cana
no they don't not outcomes Paula you
also tell her so I hit the nos I was
after I what's up homie not everyone
always thinks I'm this guy I don't like
you look nothing like that guy no hate
that do so much he's honestly like I
don't know what oh yeah I don't know I
don't know my name is flashing my name
is I see Jonathan Budd
this is the second time I did this for
lucky and always must Fujio so we're at
the Apple Store and slim got these brand
new Jordan's Glide
around $300 here ready he's already
messed him up already so either he'll
exalt on I like really listen stick it
had brought my sneakers and keep it
what's up adieu being so let me tell you
guys all about my aunt or aunts however
you guys say aunt aunt auntie whatever
my aunt I've told you all so many times
on Twitter and I think all over social
media telling you guys how crazy my aunt
is and I'm tell you guys right now how
crazy she is again in the vlog I don't
know if it's crazy in the bad way I
don't know if it's crazy in a good way
you guys let me know but this is what
she does I feel like she's my biggest
fan at the same time my biggest hater
because she sees everything that I do
first and then hate on it first I'm like
what the heck like one time I did a
snapchat and I recorded a part of the
vlog and in that part of Hawaii who was
like yeah I have a girlfriend what's
wrong and I was doing like a little skit
and that was part of the skit three
minutes after I post that snap my mom
gets a phone call from her for my art
and she tells my mom did you know that
Adam has a girlfriend he even spoke
about her and snapchat he has a girl
glass game he's gonna tell you right now
go ask him
my mom freakin believes it my mom
believes it she comes in with a freaking
shoe she comes at me she does not even
let me speak she does not even let me
explain myself she's like I already
heard that you have a girlfriend huh and
you're spreading it around everywhere
huh what do you want to be like Kanye
West and Kim Kardashian you want to make
your relation there and I was so curious
like mom wait what are you talking about
like would even have a girlfriend I'm
almost like I know you do
I've heard it from people you have it
you said it on chaps net and I'm like
what first of all it's snapchat second
of all just cuz you yourself does not
mean it's true so then I pulled out my
snapchat I'll show them on snapchat then
I showed her the skit that I've done and
then she was like oh okay I'm sorry I'm
sorry she left the other day I made a
tweet I said something much what I was
like oh something about my ex-girlfriend
whatever something like that my mom gets
a phone call five to ten minutes after I
put that to me my aunt tells my mom I
told you Adam has a girlfriend cuz now
she's his ex-girlfriend
so when he told you he doesn't have that
girlfriend that means he broke up with
her they just broke up my mom comes
trade in my room and interrogate Smee
and come to the shoot like Adam usually
having broke up for hmm you've been like
you say
have a girlfriend but she's your
ex-girlfriend and I'm like mom chill
chill oh like mom was wrong with you
what's up with you
it's crazy because she's my own family
and she's creating all of this like like
what the heck can I know this is a wrong
totally wrong thing to do when I'm
saying on video because she's gonna call
my mom once this video is out and this
is gonna create some World War 3 between
me and her and it's gonna is gonna be
wild she is crazy when I say crazy he's
not like like regular crazy geez she's
crazy see the way I'm saying it she's
crazy she's so crazy that I'm gonna have
to show you guys one of her phone calls
I'm gonna have to just like change the
voice with like what something when I
was in effect because I don't want to
show her real voice because she will
come and she will chop my freakin hands
up and and go crazy every time I blocked
her through my mom's phone and I do not
know how she's still got in contact with
my mom these auntie's must be stopped
when you guys made a Twitter for my aunt
and you guys had the profile picture of
a lady in an acog and the funny thing is
that's how she goes outside that's how
she looks like no offense to any nakai
bees out there but my aunt isn't a hobby
she sold that she's so sweet but I do
not know why she does this why auntie if
you watching this I love you with with
from the bottom of my heart but please
please stop because if you do not stop I
promise you I'm pull some rice gum stuff
and I will do it this track on you I
will do with this racket if you do not
stop I think the police is coming i flex
you're calling folks I feel like she's
listening to this already without even
uploading in the cheese it you guys I'm
and of light here I hope you guys enjoy
wog make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go turkey adieu me Hank thank you
guys so much for a little support auntie
I love you please stop I know I'm gonna
get a phone call I'll keep you guys
updated with this tomorrow
I trust me tomorrow might be so it might
be at this track tomorrow auntie it
might be a diss track please do not let
it go to that level please
I love you take your earpiece I love you
you
