hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing name because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day today it's
gonna be a long a long day so you got
different medicine after surgery Srila
one blow I know this one is nasty you
got to celebrate Rima god this Rima god
are you okay what kind of five you do
okay one wait what is he doing what are
you doing that's what you have to drink
that's what the doctor said
you don't drink this they said you're
gonna turn blue yes they didn't say your
whole skin is gonna turn blue if you
don't drink no don't seek my and I got
to go back to the doctor so you want to
go back to the doctor fire to drink it
this is taking longer than just expected
we just had a tissue what it was right
next to you what kind of five i won
yes sir okay you got this this juice I'm
gonna keep it up a few Snapple where did
it go
okay you can send that medicine a
Snapple go Rima yeah what's up with you
Chico freakin medicine you don't want to
intent it has to be in ten yeah they
said it has to be ten milliliters you
need that medicine also gonna go back to
the doctor you gonna bleed again do you
want to turn blue so drink that and it's
off no I'm good Wow Green was smart not
drink your medicine let me smell it with
the cameras mother smells smells alright
so I'm like juice its Snapple Rima its
Snapple yes yes thumbs up for Rima that
was up Freema she's going with turkey
she's gonna attack every right that
every mama baby did it hi Cuba giver you
five your big girl Eva she met her so
dramatic and you get to watch your step
device don't love everyday she made a so
Jim honey good job and this is what I
was talking about wanna be a lawyer when
you grow up
doing this on our little vlog oh we
might come watch this kids don't try
this at home
all right guys please welcome Alicia
Keys I just want you close so we can
stay forever
you can be show any day forever you and
me together through the days at night
I don't worry because everything is
gonna be oh I'm back to home okay
all right guys please welcome 2008
Justin Bieber i'ma tell you one time one
time i'ma tell you one time yeah yeah
when I met your girl and I ate fried
fried your girl isn't my girl my fight
is my fight
you're faster my dress and you're right
guys please welcome to tour Arab Z hey
what's up is bit more arrows ombudsmen
yeah he swallow the helium how are you
supposed to do it because you're keeping
all that yeah no way hey hey leave me
stomach that's bad hey what's up it's
been a while talkin bout is not my stuff
so I something something he like I was
okay with me here comes DJ Khaled our
French Montana sissy lost 16 pounds
get him props no Sun on Montana and a
black Freddie shot me down
all right guys we got here with you sirs
car I can't believe we found parking
right here in the heart of unit square
hey don't get everywhere go so I hate my
yellow cab they try to steal your
parking spot oh you savage when it comes
to cars look at this guy up he's honking
so I'm filming a video today whatever
you guys see like me behind the scenes
right off the video anything it's not
the video idea it's not the video I'm
doing a lot of similar to it but it's
going to be something really really dope
and it's going to take you a couple days
to do it and you guys will see why I'm
so sure you guys know how to make big
money for how to make fake money look
real let's see I have to the stats these
are fake money like that and I have
these real $20 bills and put the $20
over here I'm stuck there's just a
fascia perfect
now for snacks
we got good that is the rule stacks
right there
this is the basement go so as you can
see video
something to do with money but I'm not
going to be just normal
all right this is the same spot where
the ha jab experiment know how do you go
for I remember knows the spots you know
it's not like dressing up from our
phones and the crazy thing is it's
around 100 degrees today it's the
hottest has ever been this whole year in
New York City really hot but people
think a lot of people think when Muslims
wear this it makes them like suffocate
it makes it actually makes you it gives
you a good breeze so I feel it cool I
got wing well only for now wear your
pants under you have that wind in the
breeze comes under you what it feels so
so good
oh hey one day senator setting these
foods we sold it I am kind of spicy
though yeah it's very nice right
Adam upstairs lavas coming up Oh
hey behind I would like one day why
there was
I know your name coca it's not Jamal oh
well yes yes good girl
those girls are so so sweet thank you
after making my day still out here
filming I'm not gonna show you guys much
gonna show you got maybe a little bit a
little bit gonna take me a while to film
this video
she's too big I just got done it's about
half of my video I have like a little
more to film than a little more to film
somewhere else which I'm not gonna be
saying anything but right now he's gonna
go around as a demacia sila and just
have some fun y'all ready yeah ready
yeah
Oh
Tennyson
I want to have a new Instagram picture I
wanted to HD like paparazzi catchy I'm
gonna walk like this you take it as if I
don't know okay
crazy I know photographer
Abdul Rahman Maria oh my goodness I have
a new Instagram picture I will take
another one
oh he said he's gonna give me a photo
shoot right now I just met him and he
says didi
if you want them I'll get your number
and I'll show you please I'll get
answered you please you tell me a size
are you
your girl
my photographer he's my child he's my
camera come over here hey come he's my
security guard
oh my goodness paparazzi catches home I
couldn't whoo this is too fun right now
everybody's been so nice i flat out tell
peeps in unit square
shots everyone I'm at the one in
California is much more different in
this way feel it it feels weird keep it
I'm zone
pick it up pick it up no no no nothing
thank you so much
those were my day
we've got so much
limb finally came through
he came super late we just had a little
snack in Max Brenner's times as he I was
about to go home in a few because it's
curfew is that his curfew at 8 o'clock
and I have to get home well stove I have
to get him home for Mama beats me up so
I'm giving it over and then now it's
time for so long don't you think just
one more song thanks for being apart
you're sure not smart thanks to me and
you my friend you
thanks for DJ Khaled so everyone keeps
asking why I keep wearing hats the
reason is I'm at that phase where my
hair is like in an awkward phase it
needs to grow a little more then it's
there so I'm just gonna cover it up for
about I don't know a couple more weeks
maybe a month maybe two months and then
it should be to the way I want it to be
right now so like in between before when
I was like that buzz cut was good right
now it's in between like the curls are
finally gonna come out so noodle hair
Adam is coming yeah I got only birthday
she wants to be taken out to dinner I'll
be this week I believe it to Huckle this
week so so so so sorry next time I go
back I'll take off your dinner
happy birthday it's crazy it's crazy in
New Orleans it's crowded and alia and
alia and it scared me so bad they came
for the backlight oh my god
recent though we're going to jump
together so it's nice meeting you guys
you guys are so sweet
anything guys want to say they get like
frozen when I pull out the camera but
they're talking so much behind the
camera
do you really know
thanks guys so what
he lost it
I mean you gotta call them up I made a
mistake and I said to class oh my god oh
my god
Oh glasses okay you almost weighing my
seven classes last year because I love
this
so I'm gonna go to no harm a couple days
so good I'm gonna be wearing my
sunglasses at night I don't care just so
I don't care where right I might do some
Casey nice that stuff I just wear my
sunglasses all the time because maybe
that's his way of not never losing shape
I love speaking seven sunglasses in like
a matter of irresponsible six actually
this mysamma form so
ah
these dudes last time we seen em pose in
LA they drove from freaking I do that
wrong he drove it from LA he you know we
crashed a lot this is a lot of fighting
but they're killing it you guys a kill
not so I'm seeing it on crazy cuz you
guys need to do it we should do it
together next year here so I'm gonna do
but it's crazy just imagining driving
for Cali and stop in I mean it seems
like a crazy experience but it's great
really fun guys because here what's up
how's it feel being Newark weird I feel
inspired I said guys the craziest thing
just happened the show that I had in
Sweden I mean I'm in Rotterdam right
laughter yeah I'm sorry the show that I
had a lot today and I jump over the girl
fell on her this is assisted on my hair
and viewer crazy let's shout out to
Dania
oh hi hey are you enjoying your her
sisters wanna jump over in the
Netherlands she came to my show no and
I'm senior that's crazy that's so weird
what's up
miles
hi stuck the most frolic like this guy's
issuing a movie out that's dedication
well you sure your movie huh
nobody Boston people David oh I don't
know you choose you let me know in the
Monday that's how I seen was in LA
let's hit him again New York London
homie where his name's Adam - and still
grow Anna's an - what's up how you doing
about he's going around America it's a
healthier he especially he starts you
know when you're older big bad hopefully
when you're all here to save me as I'm
going America he's happier than that you
know it's crazy
Thank You vice and the water-filled
different in New York you know tip stop
you're gonna do something no keep water
she was gonna explode what the heck guys
who just up Dave & Buster's arcade I
didn't like much you got to see in - I'm
at logic block yeah what crazy stuff and
there's kind of jinx myself and he yeah
yeah yeah yeah he did a lot of Jeff and
the basketball but a lot of crazy like I
lost my horse curse they literally want
a lot of jackpot was like modern stuff
was crazy but you guys came clutch
as we gonna get cussed me out saying
these are made in Germany this is made
in Turkey
Joe Joe Joe Joe Mina Romeo the familiar
we late and they live do be gay my all I
was a do me go away it's so sweet thank
you guys so much a doubt to Maryland
married okay guys I am home
and after that tell you guys to say that
since FEMA has done the surgery for like
a couple for like a week it's not gonna
like speak well because she just got
Al's rule so that's why she was speaking
really low yesterday I'm really like
weird like oh well yeah it's time to
wrap up this vlog I hope you all because
if I'm you should
I'll see you guys tomorrow give me a
thumbs up and go Turkey I want every
single ni rider that Bumi's to give this
value thumbs up you guys these blocks
truly Brian every day every single day
thank you guys so so much I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and pitch I like
always in fact I'm sure that bullshit
let me wipe them away okay
this would choose the sleigh
