you'll always be my baby Rima yes you
are your baby okay hey guys what's up
and do me yang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy positive day I just want to tell
you guys that I'm starting this blog by
saying with all the stuff that's going
on with the more love less hate that I
try to send out and it turned out being
literally dramatic and everything I sort
of say I'm gonna be a man of my words
and I'm gonna I'm gonna do what I what I
preached more love less hey I called the
homie shake I called the homie Kareem
and I settled it with them but that was
all in the past I'm not going to be here
mentioning other people's past because
it can go on for days and what anyone
can do that I apologize to them on
livestream and I apologize to them
privately and they also apologize to me
so they do forgive me and I forgive them
too
and this is this what is about to be
honest this is what it's about is about
peace and continue on moving forward but
yeah with that being said I just wanted
to spread that love with you guys so you
guys can spread the love too and you
guys might see us probably soon so keep
smiling love it we'll see what's up so
Deena is gonna impersonate me right now
let's see how she does are you into a
good oh yeah let's do it come on ready
set go
oh what the heck was that
I am Deena and I go hey believe the wall
look at this this is all Mawson all
Mawson he's so freaking about not have
to buy paint and I literally got to
paint my whole room so I probably a
couple days we're gonna get paint and
I'm gonna pick my own room what happened
you mean DJ college okay
DJ Colin kinda be the Highland
you lost 16 pounds no way bummer I love
the bank me six of them where's mama go
at the bud oh my god where's easy
guys what are these insects calls please
let me know in the comments below what
are these insects go um what the heck
that's how that's a cloth that's a clock
we just left the bug but I want to give
you chatter - Hamza he lost how many
pounds 16 pounds just want to tell you
guys thank you guys so so much for like
everything all the flowers you guys know
me I still show so much love so much the
point I can't thank you guys enough all
you guys Amada that dummies you guys
know how I personally am you guys know
you guys who personally met me you guys
personally see me you guys like my
family because my family knows my flaws
but they still show so much love they
still bring me up when I'm feeling down
that's what you guys do my body that
moves thank you guys so so much for
everything you guys have done I can't
thank you guys enough and I am heading
to go get a little gorilla tripod
because my thing got lost in LA I don't
don't
what's a gorilla tripod
some should be up seriously you know
it's funny I was gonna worry about my
courage or how so close like when he's
just into some ermine I know I was gonna
wear to be a fight entertainer field
because my minor girl really talked
about his minor girl about to secure
together huh he's my brother a little
bit yeah but he's holding anything he's
dumber than me to do we look do we look
like we don't this is so amazing
literally help vlogging so so much
I lost mine and I was back in that way I
lost so much stuff actually now someone
took my sunglasses which I'm going to
confront slow about it in a few but this
one helps me a lot
this is how I blog normally this is how
I blog with a gorilla pod a pony with
the tripod you can do
like I'm in a music video
so slim so what question and take a
shower today so
no have a question it's a serious
question also where's my song best huh
where's my freakin sunglasses the atom
Silas in some happened again no you left
the door open
someone women it's your fault you have
to go over there's like five boys but I
know so long I'm gonna daughter how you
need a weedwacker I can't it's 120
degrees and I need to talk that I didn't
leave the mind
you just take care of it feels left
behind I'm near movie theater right now
so I'm going to mess around some people
so I pretend that I'm meeting up with
them to go on a date okay he's supposed
to meet I'm not I know
thirty-four sweet movie theater
it's a little analogy
what's somebody pictures just like your
shades and there's something to get to
be sure in the water bottle yeah okay
where
I was thinking of going to bingo
magical moments
catfished on warning by campus hi how
are you Kevin
yes
but I'm
wait EMU
and set me up No
was it you what's your name Elio I'm
Kevin I know
let's go we going in our later
if you want and then when you go in
together if you want to weigh in an hour
all right so there's an uber behind me
I'm gonna request it and it should be
connected to this one he has a customer
right now but let's see fits it this
mover should be that over he's gonna
accept it now
I don't I requested it before and I see
in this car and then I was like he's
gonna accept I got then you accepted it
right away
are you quick but yeah how you doing
very good guys how's it going don't get
poetry
so this is guy new to square where he
does poetry and a typewriter and you got
to give him any topic
and I don't know which topic I should
give him but he's gonna write me a poem
so what topic shall I give him huh give
me a topic that I should give him he's
gonna write Pocho of toppers head down a
future way Alan yeah I'm with Allison
what's up how's your so yeah my poetry
request is future what what are your
ideas man you hit your wife what does my
ideas alone future wife um how do you
know someone to share to be loyal she
had to be blowing on fire maple we're
building futures man I were going like
me someone would just love me for me
someone who who always be there for my
ups and downs
this is
step for a future wife home she'll
spread her caresses over all the earth
the vine which keeps its upward spread
four years of stone and dirt for her
I'll trust my every fantasy indulge in
all pursuits that calls me
my heart beat loping songs for her to
keep for me she'll build a place of
safety
through consuming challenges we need
both of us will step into an unforgiving
world sharing forgiveness with one and
all sad I didn't Jesus ala how do you do
that in a matter of like 10 minutes
that is crazy did you like you to the
portrait younger or yeah that's nice
food shout out to Alan if you guys wanna
see him he is right here what's it
called the door step for it
step 4 nice I just want someone to NYPD
this is dope I can actually huh give it
this is cool right my points Organa said
shout out to the home from Afghanistan
right cake or possession bro thank you
so much for everything bow this is dope
I'm here to talk about Reema she has
been through so so much and I feel so so
bad because for around 2 to 3 weeks
she's not allowed to run she's not
allowed to go to like parks you're not
allowed to eat much she's not allowed to
talk much so I'm gonna let her speak a
little bit in the vlog for you guys and
let me tell you her experience on her
surgeries that she had him by the way
the surgery she had was a surgery for
her ear another something in her ear
drum that was like make it or not here
that much and there's something in her
nose which was extra skin which was
making her snore and everything like
that and they're in her tonsils I
believe so but how did the last she got
through it thank you guys so much for
your prayers for me one she truly
appreciates it and I'm gonna bring her
right now
please welcome princess Rima well I have
some questions to ask Rima she's gonna
answer it for you guys
I'm Adam Saleh long's you ready sure
you're fine I love you I will tell them
your experience on the surgery what
happened how did it go do you know how
long would they feel longer was it fast
that if you'll slow or fast I felt fast
it was crazy it felt fast but it's
actually around 3 to 4 hours long now
I'm scared I never done surgery in my
life I'm that's really scary being in a
situation for her to be like to do a
surgery for three or four hours and you
put asleep and then you wake up and like
you're in bed and like a doctor do you
remember anything in your surgery what's
the last thing you remember in your
surgery
sleepin we chillin house what feel so
bad I'm a translate what she say because
it sounds so hard she was just she was
laying down I was holding your hand I'm
ever holding a hand and then she just
fell asleep and forgot everything
doesn't remember nothing I don't worry
I'm done here am I gonna asking too much
questions I feel so bad but one more
thing anything you want to tell do me
guy anything where I tell them whatever
you want to say tell them thank them say
thank you for all your prayers and Di's
it truly means the world alright guys
I'm done here as you guys can see Rima
is feeling much much better she just
can't really speak well and she has a
couple pain she met some potato potatoes
ice cream ice cream and yogurt and
yogurt wow that's crazy I feel so bad
but thank you so much Rima just strong
girl guys thumbs up for EEMA being
strong yeah no no no no doing backflips
no doing backflips right now thank you
guys so much for I love the support
Julie and go Turkey
thank you guys so much truly means the
world Rima is a seriously a champion
she's seriously my queen the queen of
Adam II get it stop the queen of Adobe I
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I love you mmm I love you I love
you I love you you'll always be my baby
Rima yes you are you're a big baby guy
I'm not a baby okay
then what are you I'm a big girl me was
a big you dream is a big girl I love who
take a piss
always a family times you got those
teeth
let me write them away okay this would
choose a sleigh
