dumi gang what is up I hope you all are
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day today is day 1 of filming the
music video Instagram famous
I'm so so excited we have a lot of
surprises for you as we're having two
days for the show there is a lot going
on the 1finity team they got so much
booked man they got a private jet they
got a Rolls Royce they got a big big
house for tomorrow and they have a lot
lot more right now I need to go take a
shower and get ready so let's do it you
know so one thing I'm really confused
about I only seen this in the UK is that
why is the bathroom light outside the
free I also have a freaking bathroom in
any one can freakin just lock the lights
on you man when I was into taking a
shower you said if you would just close
it it mean like why is this like a UK
thing or something like the light needs
to be here man cuz people gonna start
messing around you have people like nas
you know Mitchell Sun will keep messing
around it's like you're using a bathroom
they just turn it off why queen man I
had a crush on you stuff like that like
fix up the lights and you came and put
it inside the freaking bathroom now I
can't use a bet I can't poop I can't
shower I'm afraid man they're gonna turn
off the light
and I'm scared of dark that's not good
but yeah it's all good Queen Elizabeth I
still got a crush on you so my baby I'm
gonna take a shower and do me yank i'ma
see you guys in the next shot at the
airport because we're going to get a
private jet next shot do bi do bi do bi
do bi do bi do a guy do we get we are
here at the airport Instagram famous day
one we're filming inside a jet ass nas
for a drone and he gave me a private jet
everyone's on the way the whole squad I
cannot get away it is so cold here but
the thing about London I love their
wintry cold it feels beautiful just
gives you that vibe you know what I'm
saying that vibe London metal London
rocks did you just pick up rocks
you got the holy bad boy what's up man I
do
ready for today yeah hopefully the
weather would be a lot better
I know me and my eyes like this
they say it gets bad I hope so man up so
man look at this London is always so
what I am inside the car right now it is
freezing outside seriously I cannot wait
for this music video to be out real real
soon will let you guys know the exact
day of the release of Instagram famous
yeah we're seriously at the airport
we're gonna be filming we have
permission to be filming inside the
freaking plane in a private jet I'm at
my PJs on a PJ had not so it's DJ I also
believe we have a rolls-royce to be part
of the video it is down there I don't
feel like going out there man it's too
cold I'm waiting till everyone is here
so we all can freeze together I try to
freeze alone that's right there it's the
second missile why don't you come inside
trouble I am yeah you kind of go in too
hard for the Rubicon they say how much
trouble yeah they say you just you too
much on the vlogging hype oh man oh man
hi guys were inside or but see the
private jet you know I'm saying I got a
coffee this is made for tea everyone one
then was to drink tea want to yeah
what the British drink tea yeah but no
love this drink a can damn and why let
me down this to me angry have shamalia
much they would have plush Beauty knows
I thought not Beauty was gonna do it my
makeup oh my god yeah we might give Mike
what up do me gang I just got my makeup
done I just got like we're about to get
in set this is a freaking private jet
this is clean
wow the lights everything production do
me gang I'm so so exhausted but we just
got done with our first shot I want to
show you guys the whole squad the whole
freaking squad the production team right
here we got the
hi there hostess here what's up you have
the production team out here your shot
at a production team thank you guys so
much man I appreciate it
pilot right there I mean Zak right here
he's all right there I don't he's always
working all right they're looking on
same you can see back in my head already
no man look at this we got the camera
how's it looking good look good
Aziz you want to give a little tour huh
that is crazy man now as you know what I
asked you for a c4 a drone you know
right
I got your private jet the bathroom and
even their toilets if you have a look if
it comes a surfer why shouldn't order
you might take a poop ISM over here we
got the whole shots here at I mean yes
thank you that camera that camera must
be so heavy way it's quite light one
because it doesn't work out your hands
oh yeah yeah that much well yeah because
you want even when I hold this camera it
works on my shoulder you know guys we
said we have a special guest here
jasmine Instagram famous shoot hey Eddie
styled mama dog man yellow white blue
jeans out here man was tall people
problems you know yeah let's do it
what's up how you doing good
we're having a blog comment no no your
camera's dope my camera's too big I had
no cocina don't good how's this you're
going you like a cold I hear man
no no pollen all of your cameras like it
okay I've stolen his camera hello my
it's a camera take over hello hey
everyone's just getting ready for the
next scene I can't this camera so heavy
music music so to work out boom
everyone's loving life as you can see
London London London American accent hey
I like hot dogs I like hot dogs are you
dead of pretty good say what up son
give me a UK phone same bro I'm just if
I'm famous
hey what about my
all right guys we're literally almost
done with day one the duma gang went so
so great you guys do not know I just
asked them this private jet costs around
fifteen million pounds which is around
twenty million dollars that is what
that's insane man fifty and I think
Floyd Mayweather has like a few of them
which is crazy yeah what's up shop man
they called me last shot last shot the
Rolls Royce is here man it's out here
this is a two hundred forty thousand
pound car Wow exact night man hey man
this guy right here and I'm not just
saying it because I'm saying it he is a
multi-talented way you work in a car yes
always your hard work and I appreciate
all the work do both so I think that's
why I needed to happen Mike we're both
hardworking people
100% bro videos every day I mean I can't
do that yeah nah but still though you
did about I can't wait boy I can't just
about do a video
I do me yanks we just got back to our
crib in London Loki I'm feeling my whole
room here because I like how I like a
little the little weight into it I woke
up and it looked so so beautiful
especially the Sun comes out right there
the thing is in London there's no
freaking Sun man every single day
there's clouds every single day there's
a little bit of rain every single day
there's a little bit of Sun but like
it's every freakin season here in London
man but it was a successful successful
shoot today it went so amazing tomorrow
is the big day for the shoe I'll keep
you guys updated with that do me gang I
have some good news I have a little bit
more left of this deadly chip challenge
the homies Mitsu and Bob they're
downstairs we're gonna play like a spicy
challenge roulette so we have a few
Doritos and we also have a few of these
chips right here so two lucky people are
gonna be eating the deadly chip while we
do the roulette pokey I'm really really
nervous I don't even want to do this
because yesterday I saw you almost
choked I ate a really big piece and I
can't take spicy food that much so
mid-sole bad they're about to come up
right now they have the Doritos bag
we're gonna mix it up and yeah wish me
luck guys let's do it before we started
do me and make sure you guys subscribe
because I upload every single day
subscribe and join the a do me gang gang
gang gang gang do me I do my gang doing
and doing I do again do not forget to
thumbs up and go Turkey and let's do
this guys I'm chillin you're right yeah
this is the first time doing a challenge
like create I'm sorry man like I'm in
middle what up man how you guys doing
yeah but the only like disadvantage that
you guys you guys like spicy food right
I mean my spicy is like normal he eats
spicy spicy so I'm curious yes wait so
how do we do this or just mix it up and
then I guess we just throw it in there
and just like yeah whatever that looking
okay so there's like 50% chance
okay you got this big piece right put it
on the top right come on please don't do
this
you guys know what is it
oh my god
small piece if you want to try it like
without beautiful day no no you gotta
wait a minute for dressing I waited a
minute okay yes sir that's like a big
big piece like this big yes let's like
you have to eat the whole trip to do it
this is the piece I am no one rule that
challenges eat it go he's waiting for
divine this is like a core of mine okay
oh my god
yeah we gotta wait yeah he's good spicy
there's no way you know I can't he could
feel the bees are showing it man that's
crazy dog mouth-watering like oh I know
in the back of my throat yeah same here
I'm always am I throw it was doing so
much yeah I'm and of like here you chat
out to the homies mental and the homie
Bab nas he is such a punk do Liang I'm
today was a crazy crazy shot huge
shout-out to you guys thank you guys so
much for helping out makes yoni there
with so I don't say got tomorrow to go
but make sure you guys subscribe thumbs
up and we'll keep you guys updated with
tomorrow take care o pics I like the
lake still so far from greatness
I still got half a good girl still
violate a fake Church just
I'm from Lebanon my passport got so full
I had to get another one
step
