you know we have this now this new
phenomena they internet the youtubes
it's easy to be really eight other
people what's up and do me eggs so I
want to talk about something even though
I didn't want to talk about it because I
made a tweet about YouTube JAMA well
specifically about the Muslim community
and everyone was already jumping into
conclusions and assuming everything
causing a lot more drama
after I tweeted something about the
drama and the Muslim community and
everything it went on drama news
channels and it became even worse
because I feel like anyone who reads
tweets you you see it in a different way
so I felt like I just needed like let it
off my chest I really wanted to ignore
the situation because I know people will
twist my words and make it into like hey
or they were like use what I say and
think it's about them but I feel like I
have to let it off my chest if you guys
don't mind because I'm all about
positivity to anyone who watches me
every single day I watched a couple of
my videos you guys know I'm all about
love and giving positive energy in the
past throughout my whole YouTube career
my whole youtube life I've never try to
bring hate or bash any other youtuber
and if like that and if I ever did I am
so so sorry I feel like right now I'm at
the point where like I feel like it's me
like I'm being me I do not want to send
hate bash anyone I do not want anyone to
twist my words and make negative videos
about me or think it's about them I'm
here to to tell you guys something that
I think that will give the Muslim
community on youtube more positivity I
hope you all understand where I'm coming
from and I hope you all see this in a
positive positive way to making this a
better community I'm not here to bash
anyone I'm not here to call out people
for a tension of like that I'm here to
spread love and I feel like I couldn't I
don't know make a change or make
something about the Muslim community on
YouTube a bit more positive because I'm
Muslim and I'm on YouTube and I feel
like I like it so right for me to say
something but to say it in a way where
it's natural where it's positive and it
causes no drama at all so to anyone
watching this please do not think I'm
talking about you please do not think
I'm talking negative
about you are trying to send negativity
because that's not what I'm about if you
guys think I've done something like that
past please please forgive me if you
guys have known me for years I've never
tried to call out anyone I've never
tried to bring hate towards any other
Muslim person nothing like that I'm here
to make you know to bring us together
and to keep us happy and one positive
family if anyone makes a video about me
to try to twist my words and if like
that are trying to bring negative energy
to me about what I'm saying right now
then you guys know who's the negative
I'm who's the negativity coming from and
I urge to every single one of you guys
watching this to anyone who tries to
bring negativity and tries to twist my
words and make something negative or
bring negativity to tell them that I'm
all about love and peace ever since I
started YouTube I've always gotten hate
of course I had a lot more love because
you guys you guys always show so much
love so much positivity by always gotten
hate to the point where like when I had
shows there would be a group of fans but
also a group of haters who would try to
throw rocks would try to like bash me
would try to tell me I'm going to hell
but I never let it I never let it faze
me I continued on I ignored it I never
reacted it in a negative way back I just
continued on and focusing on myself and
doing me no one's perfect no one's
perfect people look at me sometimes and
think I have a perfect life and that
gives them a reason to hate on me when I
was at the age of Adam you know I was
never this happy or something like that
but what a lot of you guys do not know
is that I do not have a perfect life or
no youtuber has a perfect life no one's
perfect everyone makes mistakes and
there's a lot of issues that people have
people are depressed people are sad
people have done stupid stuff in the
past but that does not give anyone the
right to you know to bring that up and
to use that against them everyone has
feelings no one on YouTube has a perfect
life everyone you know we're all human
but we all have feelings we get we get
sad too and to the fact that people
especially Muslim youtubers or making
videos and trying to bash other Muslim
youtubers and bringing them like hey and
negative energy is wrong I truly think
is wrong that causes way more drama and
it makes us Muslims look so stupid it
makes us most
look so dumb we're just proving to the
world that Muslims do fight with each
other and YouTube is a place where you
know you want to share laughs and
positivity we got to show the YouTube
community that us Muslims you know can
you know are peaceful if you don't like
someone
don't mention it ignore it continue on
focusing on yourself and the hate won't
be there focus on spreading love to your
viewers focus on spreading love with
your families focus on spreading love to
something else do not spread any hate
any negativity or bring any negative
energy to someone else because I feel
like that's what causes more hate and
what I want from everyone is more love
and less hate more love and less hate
i'ma say it again more love and less
hate I'm all about making YouTube
positive again as what fouseytube said
and to anyone who thinks that means
fouseytube have beef or have issues with
each other we do not have any issues
with each other I was just texting them
a couple days ago and we were laughing
and thinking like why do people think we
have issues together we do not have no
issues at all he is seriously a really
really chill guy but sometimes people
take you know they take the negative
things out of him and try to make him
look bad and I can relate to that I can
relate to that because it happens to me
a lot it hurts because everyone ends up
saying mean things to the person when
they do not even know what their
intentions are and by the way I do not
have any beef with any youtuber at all
I'm here focusing on myself I have a lot
going on I have so many shows that's
happening I have so many things going on
with my life to be having any drama with
anyone I personally have nothing against
anyone if anything someone has beef or
issues with me but I personally have
nothing against anyone so please don't
think I'm talking about anyone in
specific I'm talking about the whole
community in general I'm speaking out of
love to everyone I hold no grudges
against anyone I forgive and I continue
on focusing on myself on being a better
person and doing what I love which is
making you guys smile every single day
without no drama no issues and no
nothing just continue on focusing on
myself and you guys don't be gone
because you guys are truly the reason of
my happiness and where I
today I want the YouTube community
especially the Muslim community on
YouTube to spread love to show more love
instead of hate show love more love less
hate more love less hate and it sucks
it truly sucks because every single day
almost every single day there's a video
on me like people bashing me and what
hurts me the most is that it's from
Muslim youtubers some of them try
starting a YouTube career by bashing me
they start their videos by having my
name in it and people going to go watch
it and subscribing to them because they
just like me too and then they can start
their YouTube career from bashing me I
saw this video today about me from two
Muslim brothers to Muslim brothers it
was about me the title was like reacting
to Adam Saleh video something like that
so I'm I'm about to go watch I'm
thinking is going to be something dope
you know they're gonna show love I see
two Muslim brothers like oh they're
gonna show dope love you know that no
they did not show love this is what they
said basically this is the video that we
would be reacting to Adam Saleh videos
now he's watching some couple of videos
like a baby before and to be honest not
funny but yet pretty much disturbing a
lot of his videos are disturbing
literally from like what are we know
things he does and all that is pretty
straight can I do that can you do that
you handle no Jahannam no yeah one more
thing that I'm extremely disturbed is
that one of his video pulled a job offer
experiment some sisters and brothers
what this is brother rahmatullah the
sister was a nun Muslim and she was
agree if she's agreed in what's the
problem you know they justified a nice
manner mashallah like a hula lamp just
want to say one thing that for that
understand that there is nothing wrong
with you to be honest we still love you
for the you know for sake of all still
lucky for the you know for the sake of
all silly you know
the sake of
condoms just one thing that no D sort of
stuff that sex crying and all the
eldership all the shit all the shit all
this shit we really don't want this
please stay in your limits learn Islam
let how to preach learn what you're
doing and just stay in your limits
please that's it it truly hurts me
because these people don't even know me
they don't personally know me and
they're gonna say stuff about me like
that and tell me to go learn about Islam
yes I'm Muslim and I am learning about
us that I want to learn more every
single day and from what I learned about
Islam is that it's a sin to expose
someone's sin in public so you sir who
are telling me to go learn about Islam
is getting sense knowing them learn them
we all know that all of us commit sins
every single one of us commit sins no
matter how religious you look no matter
if you have beards no matter if you
don't have beards we all commit sin we
see or hear about someone else
committing a sin we should always try to
ignore it instead of spreading it we
should hide it and keep it a secret and
adam alayhis-salam did repent to allah
subhanahu wata'ala
for us the sin is a shame so we don't
expose it and if one is exposing his sin
or her sin exposing it the Numis one
people from them one who exposes their
sin has revealed has taken away the
cover of allah spanner the ILA of them
each member of my ummah is that peace is
protected except the ones who expose
their sins who love to who love to what
expose them as in who love to tell
people you know we have this now this
new phenomena they internet the youtubes
it's easy to humiliate other people all
you do is try something evil about some
person somewhere and you press one
button and
the thousand people read that you have
them Reba you have slandered that person
in front of a hundred thousand people a
hundred thousand people on the day of
judgment how will you explain why
because you know what your share you're
mallanna yo p you're some guy they told
you you under Huck also whoever covers
the sins of a Muslim Allah will cover
your sins on the day of judgment I
forgive those guys in the videos who are
trying to expose me and I forgive anyone
who in the past tried to expose me I
forgive every single one of you who gave
me negative comments only I forgive
every single one of you guys and I
really hope to anyone that I've done
anything negative in the past that you
guys can forgive me I really hope you
guys can forgive me because I forgive
every single person who has ever done
anything bad to me always forgive people
how you want a lot to forgive you I only
want to spread positivity in love I want
to spread more love and less hate I
think we all together as a Muslim
community as even non-muslims of
Washington I think all of us together
should show more love and less hate and
to anyone who's watching this right now
I want each and every single one of you
to tweet comment literally everywhere
more love less hate if you guys see
anything negative you see if you see a
negative video about anyone bashing
anyone comment more love less hate and
spread that energy and spread that more
love and less hate because I feel like
if that goes around more love will be
and less hate this is what I'm about and
this is what I think would make the
YouTube community especially the Muslim
community much much better and more
positive so more love less hate I'm so
sorry if anyone's offended in any words
that I said throughout this whole video
I'm not pointing at anyone please do not
twist what I said
I am literally all about love all about
peace I'm so sorry for even making this
video but I feel like I had to let it
out and I feel like this will bring more
love so I really hope it does if it does
it man I tried thank you guys so so much
for all your love and support
do me and you guys are seriously one of
the most pass
of people on YouTube so thank you guys
so much for always being so positive so
for always being so understanding I
would not be here without you guys if
you love me I love you back if you hate
me I love you back if you have something
against me or truly hate me I do not
know for what reason if you have some
reason to hate me I really hope there's
happiness in your life to make you
forget about that hatred and to make you
focus on more love and less hate thank
you guys so much dooming I really hope
you guys understand and understand where
I'm coming from so thank you guys so
much for love and support I'll see you
guys tomorrow tomorrow's a new day a new
positive day and let's continue on by
being positive and spreading more love
and less hate thank you guys do we hang
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care peace I love you
you
