what's up for to begin so today I
decided to do a little reaction video to
a video that I watched a couple days ago
just pretty crazy and hopefully you guys
didn't see it but I'm gonna show you
guys I want you guys to react it with me
cuz I know it's more it's more fun that
way I'm saying but this is a pretty
great way that the video is man pretends
to be Muslim and steals so that's the
title of the video and we're gonna watch
it okay and I think I said I'm wanting
what do you say to me no I say to you I
said on one income what do you say back
to me on it aye aye sir
it looks like niggas in UK in the UK
Hannah I guess he's pretending to be
Muslim since the guys asked him that but
let's continue watching ago hey why do
you do this
now you mustn√≠t say kanima say Canada
is the vasila stepmother anthem please
no kanima you can't you see Kadena
properly you don't you know how to reply
to assalam alaikum how are you Muslim
why you do this I feel bad but your name
is mindfulness wait from Romania where
are you from Bukowski Bosnia Bosnia
Universe Pia what is that name what is
profit they push that girlfriend yeah
Mohammed Aziz okay but one which one do
you even where you go yeah here's only
money you make a hammock
you don't know which country you know
must be no really want to say which from
already prompt yes very comfortable
morning is such a mighty fraud budget
already from I ask you since I became
central kidnap backstop you what should
I tell my friend to stop please I'm not
that's my stuff everything on me man
look at the beach on you you go and wear
white dog awake but you are fine when
you're wrong no need be sorry you axis
pretend to be a motion to get money of
people you don't even Muslim why you
know this vote for me so you gonna do it
the way I love doing job and can you see
is different don't pretend to be a
Muslim but you got you know other than
you are now mostly oh I see you it I
can't I beat you up okay it's really
messed up oh so bad my something like
it's possibly really Muslim buddy never
learned like a lot of important things
you know you up but to go someone be
like oh you're not must mean opportunity
it out like this is my stuff yeah you
know I think about really buttock lift
excited to be honest economic you know
you're not brother she just you know I
love use plenty of Robert if you just
doing stuff measured but I'm not
stealing not stealing what he wanted to
say is that he's stealing the way they
just asking
then he's having the muslim get it
using a slot but look what is it is here
is you're not yeah he's even drink so he
just try this muscle it doesn't mean
only a couple songs we quit help
yeah Muslims in and Noah the with the
tone that he's using is like you seen
that so at the same time meaning I can
go he's saying then they say that he
shouldn't he shouldn't be pretending to
me shouldn't belittle me we don't know
the full story
we can't know what's going on behind I
feel bad I feel really bad for a guy
about same time I feel like the other
guy was speaking to him I've handled it
a little me anything the guy's a little
because like some people I use Islam's
names the wrong thing at so perhaps is
just sick of people you know like faking
to be Muslim hand on you know you guys
have seen a sink same thing happen with
to Vulcan Moscow go yeah I've seen a
woman oh yeah all the time yeah somebody
woman's asking for money right she got a
sauna there Shakespeare saying she
wasn't but like maybe you think she
wasn't yeah they got at the mosque right
yeah like if you do or not
that's just leave it you know if you
want to get money that's their choice
you just she had all decide she's only
horn okay I mean they all came in
attacked when I go I'm is it's not
that's not gonna attack you
yeah okay okay no talking as I go it's
their choice even if it's insulin or not
it's your research treatment helper now
you know me so leave it to that person
and knew between them and God
for those judge that move so even people
just try to mean so many things than to
take and like my story to me
that's God's role to do certain things
judge do all these things God you know
oh my god because it's alright this one
what a few president serious vote so see
me they come here I've know what
happened but we can't decide on it truck
was right for once
yeah you guys I feel bad for the guy but
you know he was doing yeah give me a
little even if I say that was doing say
sorry he says sorry no that I saw and I
running and James I know that I said
hush I'm asking the hell are you the guy
said stop asking for money for
non-muslims all he's doing is asking for
money yeah and he got tasting always I'm
a Muslim I don't know to - I feel bad he
should have had a little more I mean I
do feel bad cuz you know is you gotta be
forgiving that for view at same time but
you should I see Nastasia if you want he
should go there as a Christian be like
yo know that give my good muslims will
still give to any religion I don't know
the guy said that lady go man you should
preach the same thing as a Muslim give
but about me laronx and big problem that
even though I remove sunset some more
people that don't teach it as tolerance
yeah how are your doesn't really yeah
it's really part as well as Muslim just
tolerate right now for like yeah if we
go like everything before I love like
this yellow up even if you love you
better love you man reason in Islam it
teaches you to always be respectful and
and go though so such of us we love any
other religion for anyone around the
world
we're always welcoming and always you
know hoping to everyone but yeah well
actually wanted to share that video but
you guys will show you guys that it was
kind of funny but stop again crazy video
so like is Mauro sick just let me know
sorry only sorry Donald Trump no I
didn't end the vlog here they give
shout-out to the homies wires gonna be a
crazy crazy week his birthday
crazy Lilian crazy young very crazy
she's crazy Oh
she crazy she my baby oh she's my Betty
what she crazy oh she crazy
she crazy oh she crazy huh hi guys give
this video a thumbs up and go Turkey
I'll see you guys tomorrow about to play
some 2k yeah yeah I don't know was
shaken Lucy got some all take care of
her bitch like promise you that bullshit
then he wiped him away okay
this would choose to say
