the other challenge with my daughter
Rima and my son mustn't say hi hey you
ready what's up I do meeting I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day I'm finally back
home and and while she was uh ah I'm so
so happy to be home but the only thing
I'm sad about is I can't see Rima and I
can't see Marcin until a week from now
so you guys are not going to see them
until week for now but I do have this
really amazing package that someone sent
me and I do not know what it is but
let's check it out and see what it is so
I opened it up ready I still don't know
what no way no freaking way someone sent
me another pair of Yeezys this is crazy
no freaking way
oh my god and doing it I can't believe
you guys sent me this I can't believe it
you guys freaking sent me this oh my god
alright you got to set me this this is
wild then it's kind of heavy let me take
it out this is crazy you guys set me
freaking Rima
I've always wanted a Rima do you guys
know how badly I've wanted a really this
is amazing oh my this is freaking
amazing I've always wanted a big river
oh my god thank you guys so so much to
set me the easies and Rima truly means
the world thank you guys so so much
every month how are you are you good
You Know Who am I Who am I
how do you know love on your Reema no
way you're my Reema what's your last
name
remember what you mean masala you're my
Reema hug me Rima mwah I love you I miss
you so much what's up doing game what is
up I am here with my homegirl Reema
green was gonna take over while I go
outside and use the bathroom real quick
so imma go easy bathroom you're gonna
take over and talk to it okay all right
have fun figure there use the bathroom
okay okay hey guys a special toy for you
hmm
I saw two fans that that was that was
took a picture of me the dead it was
taking place on me but and then that
goes through the fix WAP then picks on
me and then put this button and then
they'll say with Adam was Adam and I
said there's a la Adam is that LA I was
talking to him on the phone and we
dropped now with the meta if I got a
shout about my surgery I just I don't
put the doctor tied it put that thank
you
twisting and I got offended and I take
off the band-aid the doctor was so nice
but see vinegar drink and Mac do me good
wow you sure yeah are we talking about
with them guys have she been good what's
she doing good she was doing good thumbs
up freedom up she wasn't doing good let
me know in the comments below them a
fight Rima I would be good sure yeah all
right good cuz it wasn't too bad it was
Jim and generally that something crazy
do you miss German humour yeah me too a
moment of silence for Jamel
we love you too bad we don't know where
he's at but let's get today
poppin it
check what what the heck my guides
worked worked worked I see me in a dirt
and hair day by being ratchet huh you're
four years old
oh that's cool and then I went to ol
boys house
okay guys thumbs up if you like school
what the heck
Rima no one's gonna give it a thumbs up
well actually if Remo says it then you
guys are gonna have to give it a thought
was your are you all the time hey yeah
why I want to tie here you look pretty
with your hair type okay oh I'll go get
one you hurry up I'll take over
okay
sorry I'll take over hi guys so I am
taking over while Remos outside getting
a little Thai for hair metrio a might do
a little mini challenge today probably
Oh yoga challenge because I just started
vlogging
right now because I have a lot of videos
coming soon on this channel yes to 181
yeah Gavin got it yet classy is good
guys
let me show you guys a cool trick ready
step back step back sever what
colleagues
ready say I miss you I missed you so
much
say hi to the camera see how they don't
mean it say hi listen take your face out
the camera wha take it out some looking
at you something look him what's up with
do me yeah we're here to do a challenge
video and it is the yoga challenge with
babies I don't know
the other challenge with my daughter
Rima and my son must and say hi hey you
ready wow you sure yeah the first one is
this guys look at this look at this look
at six because I'm sorry go we're gonna
do that first okay we're gonna go one uh
listen you're gonna be here my hands
Reebok up okay I got all right I got
nothing okay everyone ready
oh come on you're sorry Oh oh my god
Ramon should be in Rima ready hey come
come come on oh come come
Ready Set session look at me look Oh
mother coop
ready say hello look oh my God he's
gonna okay it likes it go
keep here though wait set ready I got it
oh good
I got a look oh you get
we've done this a couple years ago me
hands inhaler today I'm going to do it
with Rima and Watson Watson you're gonna
go top of Rima like a hold on tight to
lots of Awesome he's holding hands Moses
just farted on Vilas head I was gonna be
here John go leave a holdup to view
again when I bring up Muhsin you're
gonna hold them and bring them on your
neck you who love them what about either
put them on your life people good my
good is handy like okay stay though guys
do we do it is it anybody one yeah
wait help you we got we got it I'm
dropping this guy I'm dropping these
kids like it's nothing
hey you want to fight this is gonna be
the BB B handstand challenge ready yeah
Reimer gave me this
see the senator didn't cover this in
slowly so hold on to me
Ozzie are you I can't do this come on
stop I do mean I got to tell you guys
this crazy crazy story so I landed this
morning to New York City I had all my
luggage we rented out an Airbnb house in
in LA it wasn't like an apartment where
you have to go up to like a gated
community it was a house where anyone
could go and it was a creepy looking
house we had a couple of fans coming
into a cool we had another fan who would
um uh left a letter there and but didn't
show up but today is the craziest one
ever today is the craziest one ever when
I landed this morning I was looking all
over for my sunglasses that I just got
probably like two three weeks ago in New
York City it was Tom Ford sunglasses
$500 sunglasses I was looking all over
for them and I could have find that I'm
like oh my god I can't find it like
everyone is gonna bug out of me because
I lost like six on glasses and I was
completely buggin out I'm like all right
so I just ignored it I went on Twitter I
was just going on and just like doing
like a what's up a hashtag what's up
Adam slim and it'll texted me this
picture of someone that wrote a letter
to meet him in front of the house this
is the letter dear Adam and slim you
guys inspired me and I always wanted to
meet you guys the door was open so I
came in but slim was sleeping please
don't be mad but I took a pair of
glasses because I wanted something
something of yours I love you this
person is a fan I'm happy that this
person is a fan and not like some kind
of hater who went into could've done
something crazy to slim but the fact
that this person went inside seemed slim
sleeping and it's like they seem some
sleeping and they took a pair took my
glasses and left and left that note is
freaking crazy I mean some were freaking
out we're talking on phone about
us and he is so creeped out right now
because everyone is tweeting him the
address of the place that we were at
while I'm not dating about but he's
there for another couple days
he's like everyone is tweeting in the
address I'm there so it's probably gonna
be another couple creepy days unless he
comes by I don't know what is he leave
either tomorrow after tomorrow but he's
gonna have to spend a couple nights in
that place when people know who where
he's at that place is really shady and
creepy so slim shoutout to you be safe
be careful and you owe me a pair of
sunglasses I don't care if you're fool
enough to door open you can't blame me
this time Sam it's your fault
how you gonna leave the door open bro I
wish this person would want to take a
picture of you sleeping with your eyes
open cuz you always see pictures over so
I wish personally take a picture but
it's crazy
other than that I'm gonna be wrapping up
the vlog here I hope you all enjoy this
vlog today was just a little chill day I
just landed and I just like relaxed with
my family I'm back with the Adams family
we're back with the home and watch the
vlog so thank you guys so so much
probably love and support thumbs up and
do me gang make sure you guys subscribe
to guys haven't subscribed subscribe to
my main channel subscribe to this
channel subscribe to my fashion Channel
I'm almost at 1.5 million subscribers on
my main channel almost 1.4 mil
subscribers on this channel and almost I
want to reach a hundred thousand on my
fashion channel so let's do this I do me
ank thank you guys so much for them as
for truly means the world I will see you
guys tomorrow
take care pitch a like I'm here for you
always in favor promise you that
 let me write them away and okay
this would choose a sleigh
