ah let me call you mom you sure yeah why
changsu phones is that gonna see phones
it's not funny
what's up do me hang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so with fun I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day this is my last couple
hours here in LA we're gonna spend it at
a roller way roller skating place so it
should be fun I'm gonna take you guys
with me rollerblading as if we're on a
date so let's get straight to the point
let's do it spelling by yourself I
you'll miss me when it's getting late
got it all beep say phones when ready
I'm it me I'm yours if you let me got it
all beep say fuck me
I'm it me I'm yours if you like
card you don't have to play
let's go boy
you don't have to praise Lord take it
take it slow
go and tell your friends talk it out
what he women you'll never true to heart
can name you when it's getting no if I
just saw this so we just got to this
park here in California we're gonna be
visiting an abandoned zoo yup and
abandoned zoo this Zoo was abandoned in
the 1960s and there was no one to take
care of it anymore and there was I don't
know if there's any animals there but
we're gonna go explore and see I know
it's not a good idea but we're gonna
explore and go see what goes on what
what is this this is a zoo and abandoned
zoo all around it needs to be animals in
here tigers this is the kids old lion
huh yeah
Sonny keep gonna give us a house or the
indigenous wild animals we call them
kids very wise very good I don't see
kids that's the thing I hear kids bottle
seekers this is not a good idea to do it
with Ezz
oh my God my usually got messed up so
walking a bit more towards the abandoned
Zoo we're trying to get to the cages
there's a couple tourists here but they
do not go inside the cages or anything
like that because it's really dangerous
but we're gonna go in to make it
interesting cuz we got vlogs and we
gotta show you guys some interesting
stuff okay so this is one of the cages
that used to be for animals it looks
really really scary I'm going huh I'm
going thank you Oh me what the heck I go
wrong
going one this used to be an animal cage
and you can also go in
thumb look at this shit it keeps gonna
show us his house are you gay
hey guys MTV Cribs young my bro this is
your hustling Oh awesome
keep goin everybody smoked angles in it
no way eyeballs and we made it made easy
come on Sam Pollux lips taste like come
on some mistakes some mistake please
help I flush it oh yeah you can smell
her brother was an animal year ah honest
okay hey guys these dudes are crazy man
let's help you guys you know this is
really dangerous I yeah why are you guys
on top of his hell do you guys the other
like ten I'll do eleven he's eight what
the heck these are crazy this is like
what the heck this is some creepy creepy
thing huh
you trying to put get me in danger -
yeah it's - huh I'm scared bro should I
go Marvin you're 11 he's eight well I'm
23 I ain't trying to die I'm out of fact
you know what I'm going
oh this is some crazy crazy summer lovin
bobbin these kids are calling me to go
I'm scared man but a bay attack oh okay
good what are they had times really
shaky what if they're like adult
predators like yo who's good one of
those kids are sent by like some animals
or like a human monkeys in me you know
what let me see what's up with the kids
because they're like begging me to go
they do sometimes swinging oh yeah
holy the lizard there's a letter you see
it
hi guys so scary ish really scary ish
this is like I abandoned zoom and I
don't think I think these human beings
are animals cuz those kids kept like
begging me like calm calm I'm like what
the heck
you know usually they should be scared
right I'm scared is that I'm so scared
here the come here come where you guys
really go oh we want to go far for Unkar
no yeah look all you mom mmm-hmm gosh
Ariana animals or something like that no
what's your parents number huh you ready
call your mom you sure yeah
why changsu phones is that gonna say
phones it's not funny huh you gonna take
it to the police
you gonna take it to your mom which one
no huh don't steal phones on me okay
okay that's not good go back to your
friend those kids literally try to rob
my phone yeah a little 8 and 11 you like
it shatter out my freaking insane kids
don't do that if you guys want to call
anyone don't freaking like try to rob
people stuff a little kid shut up my
phone book no way that's a little and 8
y old kiddin love it ok you got pressed
by a sweet guy shot a Koi Koi is that in
a coma my ice I can't believe those kids
legit try to rob me I don't mess with me
oh they were legit trying to steal my
folder that you don't get it what
happened here's that Augie
can I use your phone I need to call my
mom house I'm caught rusty I was going
out to call like to type the phone he
legit snatch it and ran the slowest yeah
I grabbed him like this
oh and then he's on a run I got there
he's like eight other yeah what are you
doing then he was like I don't come on
with his other kid kind of chubby he ran
the fastest and hit the dip then he left
his own friend then I gave him a lecture
then I was asking if I should tell his
mom would call the cops
then he's like I'm so scared I felt so
bad and I'm go for really bad Oh what
the heck yeah
alright guys literally gonna call it yep
no thank you I keep be careful Bo Cooper
block block no this is don't do it from
like this is you're doing it for your
life be careful as he was in there first
I love soda
okay let's see what's in there so
animals use a call through this to go to
the little backyard it's okay
or maybe maybe like the ball was like a
whole different world in this
I don't know happened after this what
happened the zookeepers will come over
here and open this up feed the animals
back up you got a nice house he's doing
it back home
close it goes on no bows this shit is
dangerous
let's go here no way Oh should get you
can come with some comb this one yeah oh
man guys this is scary as heck am i
doing what am i doing what am i doing
what am i doing
ah I'm up he goes like that what the
heck we're freaking like McCain laughing
we're like in a cage this is where
animals used to be this is crazy this is
scary bro
my heart shake oh shit let me come in
your son yo you close at me and up the
way out oh fuck
come on Sammy God oh why am I doing this
shit give me a demon Oh give me him this
sucks man it sucks to be an animal
you're like a literally like a kid oh
you like them like a cage like this oh
it's literally like jail pretty huh
Google's Darren yeah I know for just for
people to stare at Oh Batman also about
this chamber movie look like he just
just got to LAX Airport yo I'm heading
back to New York State mean to keep
anybody like
15 minutes aboard now 15 minutes tour
we're supposed to leave in the morning
but then all the flights are sold out
but we're leaving now at night so we
should get to New York in the morning we
gonna stay in LA for a couple of days we
were gonna stay but then we decided to
stay do I have to go to see Rima and he
has to go see my dad
Bobby he'll do good it's like it should
be fine but got those prayers to Nicky's
dad and pretty much should have a
surgery so we're gonna go visit them all
right guys it's time to wrap up this
vlog I'm finally back in New York City
and I want to tell you guys about those
two kids that try to see my phone when I
left in the uber they came up to me they
apologized and they said that was a joke
and they were pulling a prank on me
because they know me on YouTube but they
were afraid to tell me at the moment
because I got really like serious and
only one of them know me which is the
kid who ran away and made his friend do
it which is crazy but yeah I pretty much
got pranked by an 8 year old and an 11
year old but it seemed so real and I'm
like what a guy I thought there was like
little kids maybe going around just like
robbing people I guess I don't know how
to taste of my own medicine but it was
pretty crazy the fact that they did that
and pull that off for like the camera
because I literally fell for it that was
probably the craziest prank that those
kids ever done to me which is pretty
well yeah I just wanted to let you all
know I'm heading back home now and you
guys will see the Addams Family tomorrow
thumbs up do me gang go Turkey I'll see
you guys tomorrow
take care or pitch
I like I'm sure that bullshit let me
wipe em away okay this would choose to
say
