what's up we do me hang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so I'm having me today
you all should be having an amazing
happy they spread and positive energy
drivers you say what's up say hello
his English is not so good musical say
hello I'm Pat we were heading to go
we're gonna get a gift for slim was so
deciding we're thinking probably all of
us chipping in for a laptop because a
laptop will like make his life so much
easier so we're all gonna put in and
make him one big gift for a nice a nice
laptop I'll help him will out for
YouTube can you put some music okay you
have Chinese music yeah can you put
Chinese music to my plans Chinese music
yeah go okay I need as I say I love you
yeah I love whiny yeah Saudis in Arabic
mine
I'm Arabic those Mexican Spanish I'm
Arabic in Arabic oh yeah Middle East
arabiya no I don't know if it's kalamata
beat up Scottie
profunda more my my Portland
Nanami I'm Evie my-my-my mousseline now
he's writing having a conversation right
now he's translating Chinese English
yeah translating English a tiny-ass
speak to each other which is pretty cool
he said I am Muslim vest yeah that's
crazy but hey tiny
nice nice nice fellas what a small world
man is good-looking a MacBook Pros which
one of the best microphone to get we
should go try the best processor the
best memory I think yeah good memory
silver ceramic yeah
oh yeah I got your post I don't know
what's in it so I'm delighted nice to
meet you man yeah I was really often
because he just legit just took a
picture in his left didn't speak to me
of you are like now with me but he did
it tell you hi didn't something what's
up didn't tell me how are you the cat's
first place let me take it big thing is
left I'm like yo what the heck no matter
statue it's waiting again this laptop I
believe this is this is a 2016 1 there's
a noise one yeah the notes fun and it
should be coochi to the check-in there's
Pakistan so like you know what we
checking on receive the check you see
about thinking to do something crazy
with this which is some crazier
we should like we should like take out
the laptop and let them open it up
inside yeah what do you want
no anyone would get insect or something
but inside no way oh yeah that's fine as
 I hunt spot to get like insects we
are now going to target gonna get a
little card right a little nice a nice
card a nice note
I think the cards are like they mean the
most out of everything like cuz that's
like you're writing something then after
that we're gonna go to Petco and get
some bugs
what kind of bugs we get conflict
crickets only Molly how many people know
who you are not too many hard oh you
have to be a die-hard fan like be hot
like yeah I mean well the way everybody
your bikes motorbikes inviting me yeah
oh no he's nice Oh guys about to knock
you out room oh oh my god oh oh oh what
guys you ready tonight
yeah yeah yeah I can I do
- see right here every fighter hats up
man what's up man it's summertime yeah I
noticed full I know there's an RV no
silly Holly Holly Molly
he's a catana - table he challenges for
title yeah meet you I'm so done who
Salim Ali he was not talking about Salim
Ali told someone
Saddam Ali so does my homie
because it's nothing like you that's
crazy hit we're just here looking for
birthday cards so this is the car I'm
getting slim right here sings and raps
to him filled up the entire front I went
to the back make me feel bad now not
only were like not always like that was
like that was all right like a lot of
poly does me right I say not someone s
it was like so long ago yeah so the PSP
only wanted to come out it comes out
October the new system of game it comes
out
so what stop was saying was that we try
to before I guess the good that's sick
so he has this thing on there kissing me
watch right
was coming boom he hit it and he made it
his own week about there's a power
oh hi guys we are heading to pack home
I'm gonna go get either crickets or
needles or roaches I do not know about
which everyone will definitely scarcely
Petco here we are we're looking for best
scariest insects ever
these are crickets yes oh my gosh with
that right there you're what is a scary
thing I'm looking at worms over here you
see that don't stop buddy there's like
100 just one gyros it's all I get it
little here did they sell them like
impacts like Oh food wise not sure well
I'm not not also getting four crickets
let's get one roach okay okay
and should get a little bit of worms -
couple of roaches okay that's a lot of
roses soup arms getting how this
performs okay all this it's going to
finish to that insulin so I have a
mission well how we gonna pull this
inside like who's who's all that it's a
really good question
oh maybe you would you like to
participate it says in every language
this is suing your ass Avella we're
going to get so kicks they do not have
tools they have every number but to
estimate started 22 oh damn
even better it's sparkler so my top all
nice these even better 22 happy birthday
splinters legs though I like it thank
you what did you get I got some balloons
with a little happy birthday girl what
does you guys got the cake so you got
this I got three insects me Adam
uber is here
ready to go let's go and fix some knives
I hope he's not my perfect record okay
so what do we need to take outside right
now definitely the bugs we're not being
here we're gonna do this the wraps over
time afterwards we're gonna need
definitely the insect we're going to
need MacBook Pro I got tape tape perfect
up tape tip it up a little bow
nice yeah Yahoo's I wish cockroaches
next on what slim is gonna be good I'm
gonna be quick on this one ready watch
watch watch hey move this one let's look
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear say happy
birthday to you
I had a lousy let's say so baby in that
fake it's real sure call me go is there
something tightness no come on listen
listen to explode Wallace much more sure
yeah come on check you know they sound
pretty people wall I'm serious Louis own
parents of it please like okay look at
us do that
where's a balloon there close publish
with are like oh oh oh oh oh okay okay
you're right
and
Oh
when he opened his arms and hold you
close tonight it just won't feel right
cause I can love you I just want to give
you a huge shout-out to style for
organizing the little event we had in
karaoke at the restaurant for Sue's
birthday thank you guys so so much truly
means the world it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoy the bike
we did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go turkey makes you guys go check
out the new mini channel video is up we
scare the crap out of slim with some
insects I really hope you guys enjoyed
it if the main channel video has 50,000
thumbs up in 24 hours I'll go out and
eat a live cricket okay that's gonna be
there for you guys just trying to make
it interesting up now see you guys
tomorrow take care o pitch hello
you
