hey guys what's up and do me dang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing positive happy day I'm
waiting for the boy
we're heading to this dope dessert spot
should be really cool and dope so better
soon
yes I'm ready dude guys tomorrow's gonna
be a crazy crazy day I cannot wait
because it's Friday so should be dope
yeah the legend was born who a legend I
wasn't born to and for no other Geoghan
July 15 Slim is born tomorrow's his
birthday so it should be crazy turned up
crazy turn up birthday vlogs so the
homie Hector
alright alright he found this here at
this at this house he and his friend
used to live somewhere around here the
street over so we're going to this dope
desert spot wow this is dope it was cool
the whole thing is so frizzy
it was like gas
No
hooker
what the heck oh my god oh my god okay
yo
Ricardo began today we're gonna go to
this really dope arcade arcade we're not
allowed to film enough I'm sitting some
of us a blog
Oh
oh my god
you
I've never seen this game in
oh so beautiful
ah
Oh
yes yes so only here he's gonna call the
police on me right now see the lady
filming with a phone like I said I can't
film with my camera right little
nobody's here
nobody's here okay no one so the worker
in there try to call the cops the cops
did not come he felt stupid he literally
came and threw us out his freaking
placers I gotta need to get out right
now so I got mad I'll just left some guy
got at some of the reporting law
stalking him it's so annoying man so
since we just got back from the arcade
we have a bunch of quarters so for my
fee $11 ago go back to eat and we're
gonna pay in quarters large large
caramel oh yeah
you guys here don't need to go to so
many was a task I will show you guys
that's why
Tonica like what I should do before like
for YouTube Dinoco can you guys break
you stop I'll try to give you our silent
treatment bro
Manickam hey don't make me keep my sous
vide this look at me
Danica is it here hanukkah's our top
small task you mess on me wait for uber
right now I'm going
uh-huh I feel stupid huh what the heck
hey got to prison stress on this is way
too short okay prepare he knows he can't
repeat it I know
but stop we're doing the yeah I'm back
here I decided here talk to you guys
about what I did before YouTube because
a lot of you are curious but my rider
that do me know what I did before
YouTube but you guys don't know the full
story the stuff that I went through to
like literally make money for my family
growing up my family didn't have much we
barely had anything we barely had any
money to like give each others clothes
we barely had enough money for anything
to even go out to like the park to
travel to go out and eat my mom had no
job my dad worked in a store and barely
made anything and we had literally no
business it was so hard when I was
younger I know a lot of people had a
worse but with me compared to like
everyone else like in my generation my
family was like consider like the poor's
like the most the poorest family like we
were known as like these people they
don't have money they suck they're
they're losers they have no money at all
Adams dad he doesn't do anything like
that so I have to suffer every single
day seeing my dad suffer seeing him walk
work 15 hours a day 16 hours a day seven
days a week every single day
I just always telling like that one day
when I grow up I'm gonna give you like
money every single day one day when I
grow up I'm gonna buy you a car one day
when I grow up I'm gonna buy you a house
Neels i Adam inshallah inshallah we'll
see we'll see how it goes and I
continued on just going to school
working hard and I was like known as the
kid to be like who's really smart school
because both of my brothers got left
back my sisters were all married so
everyone was relying on me all the
pressure was on me I was literally
working hard at the age of 10 I had my
first job my first job was to pack bags
I had a bag and whatever they buy all
put it in and just go like that I'll fix
it up and I'll give it to them that was
my job at the age of 10 in America you
can't work until you're 14 years old if
you're working under the age of 14 is
considered child labor and you can get
like your parents can get in big trouble
or you can get a big trouble for that
and it's illegal goes my choice I wanted
to go work because my parents were
making literally nothing they had no
money nobody wants to help us so and
that I feel like you know is my
responsibility at the
to go out and do something my dad was at
the age of 10 my dad was like
50-something he was still old even when
I was at the age of 10 I went to go pack
bags and it wasn't like a job where like
the older like hired me or like that's a
job where like the first people who make
it to the supermarket you're gonna be
there you're gonna work there so there
were some days I wake up some early
travel an hour and a half way to the
supermarket because it was one of my
family members supermarket and sometimes
I could even pack back as a work because
there will be kids there cursing me out
saying I came here first then I have to
leave and go back an hour and a half
back away home and when I go home I
would seriously feel so down so
depressed now go to my parents like I
couldn't work I try to go in those
people work and I come back my parents
you like door about it it's okay
hopefully next time you can make it
there even earlier I still rely on
making tips that was my only income
nobody none of the workers there paid me
no the owners they paid me I had to rely
on the customers tipping me people would
tip me 10 cents 20 cents and it meant
the world to me because I just add up
all the money and I can make around like
20 to 30 dollars a day if I would you
know work there and I work for 12 hours
I would go straight home I'll give half
my money to my mom and half my money to
my dad and it would be so so happy even
though it wasn't much for them the fact
that I would go all out to go work and
give them my pay there would be the
happiest parents ever I've never had a
vacation with my family in my life like
my whole childhood I've never had a
vacation we couldn't afford no vacation
or no nothing at all and it killed me
inside because I'll see my cousins their
family going to like Miami or Orlando or
like having this crazy Washington DC
vacations I like that and I'll be stuck
home in New York City doing nothing just
laying down looking to make some more
money for my family there was one day I
went to go pack bags
I'm packing bags I made it there early
and there was a kid you can't see me as
like hey man let me work you're too
young to work anyways let me pack my
dude was like 20 years old and I'm like
nah man please I I can still pack bags
to like I'm even though I'm ten I can
still pack bags and try to make money
like for my family just like how you're
trying to make money I want to work too
I didn't let him work because I didn't
want to then he ended up calling the
police on me and saying that my parents
forced me to work and they're giving
like child labor and they're forcing me
as a slave the cops literally came to
the supermarket what to me and told me I
had to leave I'm too young to work I'm
not allowed to be here you need to leave
right now I cried that day I have to go
on from the Train and I would have from
Brooklyn all the way to midnight I was
crying
the whole ride it was the saddest thing
ever because my parents were forcing me
as I told the cops I think they're not
did not for some mother you need to go
right now before we drop you home have
to stop working at the supermarket I say
hate on my parents used to be like I
don't hopefully you can get married and
we can see your kids before we die I
hated that word die die die but our
mothers our dads they use it like it's
like ass normal so at the age of 14 I
became a delivery man I was 14 I was you
know what I can work at the age of 14 I
want to go work with my cousin's so
shout out to my cousin's for let me work
I want to go work and I was like you
know what I'm gonna work hard every
weekend Saturday and Sunday I work 12
hours and was the fastest delivery boy
ever so a lot of people took really good
ice to make around 80 to 90 dollars a
day and I would give every single penny
to my mom and dad they would get so so
happy
I work as a delivery board for about a
year or two then after a while I quit I
quit and I decided to become a boxer I'm
like mom I'm gonna become a boxer and
I'm gonna make millions of dollars and
I'm gonna buy my dad a car and I'm gonna
buy like us a house so I'm gonna do this
and my mom refused she begged me not to
be a boxer my dad was supporting me he's
like that him go you got this I believe
in you I had my first boxing match I won
not the kid I had my second boxing match
I won again and I'm like the kid out
again I was on a roll knocking kids out
I had my third boxing match I won I won
my first 13 boxing matches but the only
bad thing about boxing and being an
amateur boxer was like all the bruises I
had all the bloody noses I had all the
bloody shirts I had my mom hated it my
mom used to come to my boxing fights and
like literally cry she's the print she's
a scream I'm my walk my soul out and I
know you know Americans don't like they
don't know what that means when they
hear that they're like looking around
and I'm there if I
listening to my mom my only fan and this
truly like truly like it's like I don't
know I was like so hard because right
now I have so many have so many fans
have so many do me guy right now I had
only two fans my brothers and sisters
were always at home or at school so my
mom and dad were always at my fights and
the other opponent that would fight they
would have so many fans they had about
hundreds of people screaming for them
hundreds of people saying the names so
when I would have my boxing fights all I
hear is booing and all I hear is my mom
and dad screaming at me saying telling
me what to do each fight I had I was the
most hated person there but to be honest
that made me even stronger made me like
to make me to like this Tiger this this
line I was like a robot like a machine
because I would hear everyone screaming
for the kid and no one screaming for me
just my mom and just my dad so it truly
like I felt it and I look to the right I
see my mom I see my dad I look at the
referee I look at the guy who announced
in the names you were like Adam Sally it
was silent silence whatever my name was
spoken nothing you would eat crickets
nothing
you'll hear the opponent's name screams
going on so I was there just like stuck
I'm like literally stuck around
everybody who hated me just me my
parents I would give it my all like I
had to knocking that kid out beating him
up again that win was another step
closer to trying to be a professional
boxer making millions of dollars and
becoming a having like this big business
and making my name of business in the
boxing world like Floyd Mayweather at
the age of 16 17 I had this fight and it
was wasn't a good decision that I had
because I'd always find the street and
this fight went online in a website
called worldstar some of you guys may
have watched it but it made me get my
boxing license taken away and it ruined
my whole career in boxing I could never
have any boxing fight anymore because I
got caught twice fighting in the street
and that was it to be honest it wasn't
my fault fighting the street because
this kid brought his mom his uncle his
family the mother forced me to fight her
own son but what kind of mother forces
their son to fight so I have to fight
the kid I knocked him out I got in big
trouble I got arrested because I had a
license and I got charged for assault
with a deadly weapon because when you do
boxing you sign a contract and in that
contract says if you punch someone who
hit someone you get charged for assault
with a deadly weapon because your hands
are considered weapons so I got my
life's to take away and at that time I
was literally at the lowest point of my
life I had no job no boxing my boxing
career is done I couldn't go back to
being a delivery boy because they hired
someone else I couldn't go back to
packing bags because it was just so
embarrassing and I would make nothing I
was around 17 years old and I would make
ten twenty dollars from go packing back
so I had literally nothing my mom was so
depressed my dad was so depressed my dad
could have worked on one because he was
so old he's turning at the age of 60 he
retired he was he had social security
other the government would give my mom
and dad money because we had nothing I
don't know if you guys noticed but like
like there's something I didn't want to
say and it's like there's something I
don't know there's something there's
something like about like my family that
I want to say so bad I'm not gonna say
yeah I'm gonna wait until until like I
don't know I'm gonna wait it's like the
right time so hopefully until I feel
right I can tell you guys but so I was
like you know what I'm gonna switch my
life around I'm gonna be me i'ma be I'm
not gonna I'm tired of being the way I
am to impress other people to impress my
friends to beat up someone and I pressed
my first I'm gonna I'm gonna try to do
something I remembered at the age of
around 12 to 13 years old I used to make
videos like my family to watch I said
personate my mom and dad and I said let
them watch it like through my phone nice
to like impersonate my mom and like make
make funner and like in a funny way and
she would have loved it so much so I'm
like hmm that's like let me try this
thing called YouTube because I heard
about you too like let me try this thing
called YouTube I made a YouTube channel
and I decided to just I don't know make
funny videos try to make people smile so
I used to have one view and like ten
subscribers and seeing one comment
meant the world to me like it meant so
much seeing a positive calm for someone
saying wow man you're amazing keep it up
people will curse me out they'll be Adam
stop doing you're making a fool of
yourself you're never gonna make it
you're never going to go there just just
quit continue on what you're doing with
your school and just don't even do
YouTube's
that made me want to go even harder so I
did this thing called the Ellen's dance
there and I was one of the finalists in
Ellen's dancer Ellen flew me out to her
show that was one of my biggest
achievements doing that and and then
coming back to New York and continuing
on videos I started growing a little fan
base and I started calling them a do me
gang and then I continued to making
videos here and there
I started making vlogs I started making
more videos and I see it I started
seeing my viewers going up I started
seeing my subscribers going up and I did
this video I was one of the first people
I needed to make this homeless video
make the homeless smile Channing Tatum
shared it was Khalifa commented
everybody started sharing it I started
blowing up hundreds of thousand views
hundreds of thousands of subscribers and
I couldn't believe it I was so thankful
so it was a moment where I had to take
the opportunity to leave school leave
college and do full-time YouTube just
just for my family I continued on doing
that I put all my heart I put my frickin
passion my dedication into this I did
everything I was known as the guy like
oh my god I don't like you made it you
made it man but I still felt like I
didn't make it to continue on you know
making my family happy so I continued on
being happy I continued on making you
guys happy and to see you guys going
through whatever stress you have being
away into brightening up all your day so
I'll continue making vlogs I started
making daily vlogs every single day
because I enjoyed it I still have a
diary when I was younger so I'm like you
know what why not make it like a video
diary so I consider making daily vlogs
and I'm sort of having UK tours tours in
Europe shows in New York shows in
Toronto every little money I made from
tours YouTube and like shows whatever
thing I had I gave it to my mom I gave
it to my dad they one thing with my mom
anyone I gave her she'll donate like 90%
to a message it or like - like a
donation
everything good that happens in my life
is because of my mom because she makes
so much that for me and I truly
appreciate every single thing she does
so thank you so much mom for all your
the other thing with my mom no matter
how much money I gave her if it was a
dollar if it was ten thousand dollars
she would always tell me Adam
make sure you stay real make sure you
stay close to it's not make sure you
stay pray and stay close to your family
doesn't matter what money you get if you
whatever money you have a make that's
good as a bonus I stay close to a lot
and stay close to making your family
happy so I'm like you know what mom I
promise you my life I would always be
like that no matter what age and that
was the age of 18 19 now I'm at the age
of 23 and I'm so happy as I can be
Hampton left for everything you guys
it's all you guys you guys I love my
friends my family is what brought me
here today I even saved up so much money
it took me years to save up to buy my
dad a car and I told my dad's like that
remember that day when I was younger
when I was around 10 11 years old and I
told you I'm gonna buy you a car someday
he was like yea as the art it's coming
soon he didn't believe me until a couple
months later I bought my dad a car and
it was the best feeling ever
I want to spoil my mom and dad I never
got to spoil I just spoil of them when I
was younger but they never got to
experience the joy the the the life for
everything that our cousins had or that
other people has I am saving up to buy a
house for my mom and my dad and I'll
probably tell you guys the thing that I
want to say about my family probably
when we get a new house Oh in a couple
months hopefully when I save up and
everything in sha Allah I'm gonna buy my
family house we're so looking for a
house and I'm still building my credit
name because the house is gonna be under
my name I'm getting moving with my
parents I'm going to stay with them I'm
gonna stay with my brothers Rhema
blessing and my mom my dad because
that's always been a wish come true
since we since we were we we were a
family we'll start a really poor we
weren't a family who had a house in who
had a house in like somewhere else I've
already had all sewer
family that started here we had nothing
we barely had beds we had ten people
sleeping in the room that's me I had
that's how I started I pretty much
started from the bottom and it was it
was tough and it was so hard but
happened it let everything that's
happening right now I always give back
my parents always always give back I'm
so happy about what what I went through
in all the downs and all the all the
Falls that I had because I came back up
even stronger and this would have never
happened without you guys so I want to
thank you guys every single one of you
I want to thank you guys from the bottom
of my heart for literally bringing me to
where I am today and I really hope these
videos make you guys smile because
smiling is priceless making you guys
smile doing this and doing this for fun
is new news I do YouTube for fun if it's
not fun I would never I would never do
YouTube thank you guys for giving me the
opportunity to do something that I love
so thank you so much to every single one
of you guys and I really hope you guys
come with me through this journey to see
me give my family a house to work and
hard I'm still doing me right now and I
really hope you guys are here with me
and stick with me until that happens
just give me a couple months and then I
will tell you guys I'll tell you guys
everything
can we come I need to wait I can't say I
can't say now out of like personal
reasons but I will say real soon so
thank you guys so much for watching give
this live a thumbs up and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
big I love you
