see I know come on I'm mad save it
Hey hello Emma yeah hey Mon hey Matt
yeah that means like like you're amazing
Oh
howdy partners
house do me gang doing today I hope
you're having an amazing day cuz I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day good morning but do
me just woke up I have to get dressed
get ready because I got a crazy long day
today I'm heading somewhere near Malibu
somewhere near up north and California I
think so but it should be fun I'm
heading to the Merrill twins place so we
can film some dope challenge video for
you guys because a lot of you guys want
me to do a collab with them and
especially like Hayley a lot of my other
nieces nephews they love them so much
and they're like telling me to do a
collab and they're so sweet so I want to
do a collab with them so I want
something real chill something really
fun so hopefully it turns out quick
alright guys so I am with Vanessa and
Veronica we're headed where we heading
so here we go
I love boo Malibu have only been in
Malibu when I was like in Grand Theft
Auto are watching that movie Malibu's
Most Wanted or whatever this call so I
was like I'm finally going that I like
the way they think they think like
vloggers like we should go there I'll be
good lock footage for you guys hey
pretty dope well she was asking me what
do you good what we're asking can you
say something
all right huh now I want to say
something what do you have to know in
Arabic like any words you guys okay all
right how high is like you can say it
set up like set up so I'm like Highland
what you guys say like Marhaba what what
Marhaba
my papa but Marhaba moto how do you
spell it ma RH ABA
yeah so whichever are Salaam Salaam
Salaam okay and how are you is Catholic
okay what a fact
Chaffin k feck ka y f EK k f ik k feck
yeah just like that okay that's how are
you yeah k fake feeling can say tell me
kids like them okay I just have good so
as you sit okay did you see my name
differently
Oh would it be Veronica Veronica if I
spell it will be we have no uh we don't
have the letter V in Arabic right what
we don't fit so your your name will be
the letter like F not even joking
really yes because the word video in
Arabic is feed you so there's no letter
V so both you guys it's not like it's
like piranhas Vanessa and Veronica foot
Veronica you got a role the harlot
Anakin
say Anna Anna come on I'm mad save us
hello Anna yeah Ahmad Ahmad yeah that
means I think you're amazing
oh gosh yeah I'm a donkey I'm a dunk you
guys look at this like highway I don't
know who my ears are popping what the
heck where you guys taking me to the
beach
what the hell does scary so this is this
is Pepperdine University and this is
where Zoey 101 was filmed she like oh no
silicon onion that is so dope Zoey 101
was like my child a like a boo-boo
I know you sleep hey or Z is this so
what's this like Donald Duck yeah Donald
Duck musica me Veronica
I got like twins I'm talking is he he's
cute oh I got a cigarette his mother so
she's trying to touch the chips I'm like
chill I got to take out the black hammer
first but
pickles a mac and cheese she
I forget what it research mr. price
salmon I got this pop folks just got
done eating now we got some dessert some
ice cream he chat out to the marrow
school
thank you guys so much for taking me out
so sweet so much fun I am Malibu Malibu
so fun like look at the cars looks so
good okay
what kind of car is that yes how do you
know that no sighs I don't know about
you I would've been like Ford Mustang
really I see we see a couple of kids
right now they're talking about YouTube
and the kid was like yeah he's like I
have six subscribers I was like what
have three but I got a thumbs up
we're gonna go to them I like speaks was
that my channel is fluffy destroyer one
can you spell if it Oh spell it
what about you have a channel to know
you know who has a channel you and who
me my sister what kind of videos you
make I make karate and like up news oh
can you show me a karate move Oh
Veronica and Vanessa trying to get me
killed
yeah taking us to taking a citizen only
close to the cliff this is so scary
there's people up there my gosh are they
gonna be killed this is my first time
like my whole life actually doing this
beginner hiking going up to this crazy
cliff we're hiking up I'm here all the
way up and we're going all the way there
there's someone so there's a rope there
right clothes there are kinda they're
getting married what are they getting
married in it's a wild you other's an
animal you scared of it
you're a real OG man you got a lot of
guts to do that that's good
how did it feel do that good oh great
yeah that's scary I would never do that
Veronica you go do it okay go do it do
it okay she's what she do
you touch with my foot my light oh you
like that oh there's a spider web on the
two guys dare me to like fall in Italy
should I be the Dare mother looks like
the Dare is what what's the beautiful
viola this view is so amazing it's
better
hey guys better oh my god this is so
sick holy crap I'm just so windy her hat
Oh be careful
yeah yeah no yeah yeah oh my so clumsy
thank you listen to the time speed it
guys we baby
people crazy the rock climate
Oh
does it not look like the appear where
one direction shot their music video for
you yes let's do it let's realize it
isn't ready sad you just walk this way
go you buddy
here he goes like this the challenges
okay hey the punishment for someone here
if they get the camera and record tell
us up
yeah I know but like I look at the
camera like look they're literally ready
for me to jump off they'll be like
pretty crazy because they are you gonna
do it right now yes Cuse me
I can you record a kiddy record from
your book I'll get a jump off this thing
okay um where you go like this so okay
so when it's red its recorded oh it's
already recording you other your cornea
so I'm gonna jump off a whole cliff okay
huh hold it remember you're playing with
me no I'm a jump off oh he loved me he
don't let's do like everything excuse me
can you record me real quick I'm just
gonna jump off the cliff no I'm not I'm
not getting involved in that that's not
legal and I don't wanna be part of it no
just record regarding jump off the
statue somebody doesn't want to film it
oh I asked ya just like oh man it's
alright maybe relax I'll jump off with
the camera huh with that
oh I've taken over his I've taken over
the blog hello yeah do you like this
type of thing hime scenes of an
Instagram post oh oh this is serious now
oh wow give it together
magic
I just heard for Shrek you must hate
Rick you must know a lot Trek is a whole
ought to all his viewers he has
something against Shrek Pete no i don't
i love shrek shrek is a home no cuz like
i'm who's he's like a fish thank you
know guys if you guys won't the merits
wants to make a black channel let them
know they'll be good of loggers i I
don't know be good loggers yes you guys
would this is the phone isn't it
throwing it ready damn I like I just
threw a child of it okay do me a it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoy this vibe who did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey by the
way I did upload my first ever fashion
video is already up go to the link down
below and check it out give it a thumbs
up
go Turkey subscribe to the channel you
guys gotta already almost 50,000
subscribers in about a couple days this
is crazy thank you guys so so much for
Elam support truly means the world I'll
see you guys tomorrow do me a take care
o Pierce like always in fashion I'm sure
that those tears
lemme wipe them away okay
that's what you say
