hey guys what's up in Douma gang I hope
you're having an amazing happy day
because I'm having an amazing happy day
out here in LA California it's beautiful
sunny outside the sky is bluer than ever
the sky is so blue right now mashallah
literally so blue you guys do not know
we are staying here in an Airbnb and I
have to book an Airbnb like ASAP because
we were leaving the hotel and this was
the only option I mean it's a cool
Airbnb but it's kind of like it's pretty
creepy inside I'm gonna show you guys
what is inside so this is our house for
Airbnb I do not know whose car is that
but they just parked it this morning and
we do not know whose car is it but I'm
about to give him a ticket or something
cuz he literally parked right in front
of our house and that's not the owners
car because I messaged the Airbnb person
and yeah the heck I'm not the right
thing about the right number tickets I'm
like get out our freaking house man if I
have a house did someone parks in front
of me ah but get really really mad from
and we're staying at this little hill
kind of thing so the houses we have are
like in like kills looks like some Grand
Theft Auto thing look at this deal goes
up and it goes down and more over there
it goes even more down but let me show
you guys what's in side first of all let
me start off by saying that you can
sneak in our like you can legit sneak in
our place by going in here and going in
a house right here someone really went
in and pass through I do not know what's
cool about it but the only we can do now
is just pray at night that shallow
everything goes well nothing stupid
happens so we're going in right now this
is the living room
it smells really really weirdness smells
like someone like is hunting and I
couldn't killing animals and you're
looking for like you know that animal
furry smell that's what it smells like
and over here this picture this is what
I think it is nothing the person who
owns is like some kind of hunter and
their hunts to the hump like animals and
stuff especially outside looks like a
forest I'm out here alone
slim Nikki and will cos they're at the
beach right now but I have to go meet up
with yg so I don't meet up with them a
little bit after bowing to give you guys
this little hook everybody throw so let
me do it real quickly that's the scary
poster it says never that's even more
scary the skull looks like a real I do
not know what animal is that believe in
the comments below if you do know what
animal is if you can actually guess what
animal is that that you're really really
smart this is one of the rooms that was
actually there was a doll head here but
I don't know where Nicky put it there
was a picture of a freaking doll over
here is another room see you looks like
some triangle alumini this is scary
everything like triangle Illuminati
confirmed
this place is Illuminati confirmed we're
going to the third bedroom right now and
this is it there's horns here there's a
freaking toilet in here visit what the
heck oh my god see like this makes the
shape of a triangle as I can't believe
we even stay in here this is creepy as
heck remember the only cool thing about
this place is this it cut and I'm out
bro so why why you're next to me tell
them why raisin chocolate for my basket
Martin oh really all nice as dope as go
bad why are you giving this money
basically
what's your name boy
Jacob Jacob I'm in here with the homie
Jacob Jake up he's out here with all of
you kinky 15 Holly
50 men I used my last 52 I was like that
too i was really short
adam solid making that muddy dogs yeah
they go dude thank you yeah you got to
use it for good
alright thank you so sweet make sure I
would this give to people like for free
anyone it's not them though don't give
up
I accept donations I don't give them
anything give it to someone else out
that Thanks oh cool man thank you but
either teller part of the torques even
you're having a bad hair day but I just
met up with ahmed haji hit everyone and
tell them the concept of what this video
WOD you watch the video in it you have
$100 to shop by H&M yeah have four items
see who can make the best outfit without
hundreds Eve is stop economical and see
you could dress the best to miss Marcee
so we're doing like a low fashion video
on their channel and I really want to do
a fashion video I'm a new fashion
channel yeah building it tomorrow on
tour so hopefully next time here doing
something to go fashion but they know
this is really dope and the Alpha just
got it's so epic okay how much was just
guessing I think these things out your
life swear I'm a life full of it he
sings that's it and it's one of those
without pizza no will find out what your
topic is a honey dancer I've had the
limit I'm gonna use it like now he's
smart enough oblong so I say morning you
say much yeah say you're doing it an
hour it is
which making
took it out and right here he is a
street performer kid I got I got so this
is my outfit that I chose out in hmm it
is only $56 $56 for his whole and my
first-ever fashion video is gonna be up
on Thursday well you can technically say
that my first-ever fashion video is with
hua ji
so the homie my first fashion videos
with you because my mom mom went on my
channel gets released Thursday right so
the first one is ever is them watch he
has a the roofless not you see ya
right usually $60 in H&M Asia it won't
be good too right whoever's close
getting right you got yeah let's let's
pour by the genius 3-1 mm that's for
these are like 20 bucks
those are like 20 2014 so like 70 80 70
70 plus
450 so the winner will get what a
punched in it and so it came out to $56
Nikki oh you said 50 he won the cancer
20 this is 20 this was you know you know
yeah a lot of people don't know hello
was Heather Cova nose was there my turn
leaving the castle well we know he knows
he knows how to be nice
literally oh my god he must be looking
around like what the heck be able to
different world there's air that's the
biggest you can't do that in America
would you like is that I don't know if
you when you get good I just heard the
homies Jessica and Eric say whatsapp
we're here what area called yeah Monica
yeah we're on Santa Monica and I finally
got I finally got to meet them they were
looking for you before beautycon after
dinnertime we finally met hi I love it
looks so cool oh my god one day I might
get blue hair like that she's a she's so
sweet I love you I said he's so sweet
she's so so so thank you so much for
everything to Susan's name so we're
gonna go take one cause of the heat
so the Muhammad Ali side you can see it
take them the picture we took them
they're ready but we're guys wanted to
take a picture with it what do you have
a haircut something you guys don't know
with all of us we need the probably
doesn't show like right for any girls
watching this it doesn't show for you
guys like but when men take that haircut
it makes a big difference so sweetie
level just goes up you see a big
difference like a lion blanket coming
out like this is it this is the famous
Muhammad Ali star right there baby
opossum Perriello is it so cool with me
getting the so kudos I got thank you
guys so so much
we're Birmingham yes well holy smoly
Framingham small Edie ten beats and I'm
setting this up is up okay that's a
caliper a bigger brother buried in this
army another nice I don't know how voice
guys it's what I hate about America man
I feel so bad just seeing this I don't
want to show you guys but this is like
look at this I feel so bad man it's kind
of cold are you - I feel like
my god I feel bad though
the thing is like America thinking like
they have enough money to help you know
every poor person at all but they're
using this they're using it like killing
people to kill people with employment
pretty dumb but the reason for to wage
war is billions and trillion dollars to
what killer put innocent lives that do
what retaliate that makes the bigger
mess and because maybe you should be
like talk so good about this yeah yeah
well cause for president Castro
president no Hillary Clinton no Donald
Trump what cost
shop man he's like the dollar strokes
limbs like the Arab dump they keep is
the Hillary cream it says the pizza
Alain like similar like to a New York
but they don't have the good asking it
for a beef patty they have the New York
seems confused who's like what's a big
bang it goes to make beef patties in LA
we don't know but what's diligent
playing Pokemon looks a little oh my god
Thomas feel this is crazy we have this
Agreement the only ones that will never
ever download all right promise me you
will never download the app is already
never use them lately they're looking
for pokemons was crazy do like this
walking on the polls looking
I know they blame you can I hear so he's
gonna speak to anyone watch me you can I
come
thank you so much
guys thank you so much with this guy
thank you thank you so much I love you
heart all right I love you male thanks
he's a sweetie this guy made my day
truly realized a seriously thank you so
much enjoy that man okay you and is from
Morocco but he doesn't say his name is
Eunice he's from Rocco
you see really truly made my day man
this guy's I'm trying my belly dance ago
they hey you wanted to be on the block
this guy's energy debate is headed you
so good
anyone who knows we save myself I don't
amazing thank you so much
the homie unis seriously made my whole
day like he made me feel so much better
in the fact like he watched my videos
it's an amazing amazing feeling Eunice
you're the man you're the prince of a
dummy gang and you taught me how to say
in sign language is love this means love
and silently listen officially my new
sign right here this yellow right here
right here this means love
it's my new sign love
you catch it gotta catch him more I got
it yeah yeah I fell you know maybe you
were gonna help me okay to me gang it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoy his life who did make sure you met
thumbs up and called Turkey I just want
to give a huge shout-out to the homie
Eunice he is a huge fan and he truly
made my day
he was oh my god just he literally
touched my heart knowing that he's he's
deaf and he can't speak is like yeah and
then I make her smile was truly
inspirational he asked me for my number
if we can talk through text because was
so much easier for him I gave him my
number
we're texting now on the stuff were
talking about it was it's like truly
amazing he was telling me all he loved
this video love that video and I was
channeling like how do you have you any
like this sense was like that he said
that I have captions I'm a feeling I
never knew those I had captions so huge
shout out he was telling me that there
was a lot of people who are deaf watch
my videos so he tried to you guys
seriously you guys thank you guys so
much for smiling thing guys so much for
even like being there for me it truly
means the world like I'm so humbled to
have you guys in my life so thank you
guys so so so so much for everything you
guys always do it do me Aang you guys
are seriously the best King in the world
thank you guys so much and I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care hearth always a
fan
got those dead let me wipe them away I
know that's what you say
