hey guys what's up for do me yank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day
I do beginning today is gonna be a sick
amazing dope day well actually first of
all I'm gonna be going to the Saudi
embassy the Saudi visa trying to get my
Oh Madonn visa once again I'm going with
my mom and my little brother
so please please wish me luck that all
works out because if it does then I can
get to go in March with my mom and my
lil bro has never traveled so will be
really really dope and then after that
I'm going to the noose let the soul may
rest Iran because in New York City they
just got it here I always go to the one
in Dubai and they told me in Dubai go to
the one in New York so I'm like okay and
they told me that the actual person is
there no sir that is there he was
actually with like David Beckham the
other day
Haley Baldwin and a lot more celebrities
that are there so I don't know if he's
actually gonna be there but let's go and
see do not forget to thumbs up at doom
again do not forget to subscribe and put
your notifications on let's go out there
I'll see you in the next shot it do me
gig I just got to 34th Street Herald
Square and I'm here with the Pakistani
Prince and the reason why we're gonna so
BAE what cos is this birthday whoa
you're 24 I'm getting old good I know I
feel like you know all know what the
first talk was tonight what mo what when
you getting married oh my god I'm not
ready for this we're also what the homie
Bello Nikki what's up bro I do I never
call you petrol by the way I quit I'll
cream all the time oh man way too big
that man I know like comments Pedro
Pedro Oh sissy man yo what are we gonna
do our bond well how do we change it you
guys miss will they do it
it's gonna do sue me I don't know you
tell me talk to you I don't mind I don't
whatever you tell me Susie they doing
this beautiful by the way this is good
this week definitely do you got your
money on me hey I love you girl I love
you right now waiting on slim because
he's always freak delay that I feel that
we're gonna go to salt bay man yo I hope
he's there
yeah there's my first on going yeah I
never been to the one in New York but
I've been to one with the body so you
guys welcome to my city because the
hook-up from the government divide you
know from Pakistan a warrior okay guys
so I don't know much about football
aka soccer but the home right here is a
Barcelona Fair what's up and I know you
guys had a big game Chelsea right I'm a
Chelsea fan yeah yeah
yes back yeah me play me play me soccer
let's go for me I'm a chose affair I
don't know I love Mohamed Salah he's
nice
yeah yeah wait fellas Vegas now I was
backstage back east and I mean but I'm
ah yeah take out man I hope the Cavs
lose that relay event with my vision
thing look who finally showed up at the
dark time man what's up man you're late
man
yo instead of the bread they punches on
top
summer class oh hi guys so this is how a
new setup looks here look it's around
the whole city this around the whole
city is dope and then we go right there
and this is a new surrett salt bay
what's up my first time he's flat so big
but I think that big boss is coming up
man
yo get ready damn man taking pictures
and stuff serious tourism out here we're
gonna go inside I'm in hooked it up
rocket thank you so much thank you so
much to the people into by hooking us up
yo man that currently fangirling right
now we solve a no-stress I never know I
meet him it's crazy it's my favorite
cook good luck so different in divine I
wanted to buy feel like the Wonder
goodbye is like you can just one in New
York
let's all be there it's really
high-class absolute any here he's here
so we're gonna see him
really hurry about everyone
dresses on like it's a wedding like like
I got a hoodie opposite like
oh my god
it was all I gotta do it already
yeah
yo that was the best Romy's that I've
ever had I don't know if you can hear me
this is song let me play
ooh
finally man I'm awaiting birthday
forever miss lemon how's it feel to get
past my new threat
oh my go back and up the ladder cheer
sound looks like don't focus on I do hi
birthday boy I need it doubly on this
row
like what is alive you can know they're
pros you don't say up here
they just started up what everybody go
crazy trick system
I blew it away
Oh chill
like that he scared me
that's panic
in my favor of the mall but allow our
ice cream baby deserve all time so my
future wife is watching this myth I wish
were here you know having a plow of ice
cream
music is really loud but you got to end
it with a Turkish coffee night
happy birthday work Osmond I love you
okay do me yang I am back from no sweat
salt bay it was an amazing amazing
experience so my final thoughts from the
new strats all Bay in New York City and
the new stressful Bay and Dubai is the
better one that I like is the one in
Dubai I don't know man just the one in
New York they took so long I don't know
man maybe they just started something
like that it was just the people way
they were just so bougie was like I mean
I feel like I was in LA man Oh shots
throat LA I love LA but like I don't
know you I don't I don't know if you
know what I mean it's like the people in
there they were just like I don't not
explain it
maybe they had a lot of sugar daddies
like who's really really weird but um ah
yeah we gonna end up like year I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog we did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey thank you doing getting for level
support seriously I appreciate seeing
when you guys tomorrow I might be going
to training boxing being Yusef um we'll
see how it goes because I don't know
what's going on with this whole boxing
thing and look who's here my baby was
said this is the first time you got away
is your pins yeah let me see there you
go model let me see B model do you model
pose that's your model pose why are you
not sleeping honey you have school
tomorrow
are you missing me no you don't ya
almost said I miss her so much
it's the first time ever that he's not
grumpy when he woke up yeah they gonna
go to sleep
yeah watch he's gonna try to stay with
me other go to sleep yeah go to see
fella go you have to go you have to go
to sleep
what you want to see with me Oh guys I'm
gonna spend the night with my said watch
this game will be you sure what Chucky
Joe chunky scary man Chucky you sure
Muhsin love scary movies for some reason
so well then watch a scary movie and
then after that we're gonna go to sleep
you need to go to sleep it's past
bedtime take care and I love you
Amen I love Ellie
