ah what is up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing amazing day
Eid Mubarak to all the Muslims that are
celebrating Eid all over the world hope
you all have a blessed happy happy day I
am leaving to LA today so I decided to
do a nice little funny comedy purpose
Eid skit for you guys today there will
still be a vlog today so stay on the
lookout in a couple hours
I'm going to show you guys five types of
people that you will meet during Eid so
let's get the start number one there's
always that person during Eid prayer
where they forget to stay up when they
say Allah open and other people next to
you look at you like you're some kind of
psycho but it's not my fault I just I
just forgot it was a mistake Allah Allah
send me a la herida oh ma la la la
number two everyone got this chubby big
uncle who's so excited about 8:00 and
you haven't seen him for so long
and when you greet him he gives you like
the biggest greeting of them all because
he's so so excited like Yanni chill out
I'm Bowie you need to triple yeah I have
my likeness like ever happened delay you
lost weight
call up voila you should run you did it
I have it I'm so excited to see you I
have a CD with so
whoa
number three ice always see my sister's
doing this all the time and it I mean
it's kind of ratchet but I don't blame
you girls like you know like when people
offer you money you have to say no and I
got to be like you don't have to look
humble you know stay home not chill but
in your head you're like I'm buying
online just just give me it just give me
it just give it Salaam alaikum as-salaam
alaikum Eid Mubarak Eid Mubarak this is
for you
no no what I don't want it I don't want
it lol Allah Allah take it take your
world ah see you don't have to I swear
you don't have to no no no here take it
I take his easy it just take it okay
it's okay thank you so much it's okay
it's okay
okay come back ah then it give me that
shit oh what that eat money right now
here take it thank you boo boo thank you
so much heavy anything sad I have a pee
it's here mom
give me the money so I can save it
number four this is straight up Reema my
niece this is straight up Reema I need
you have those family members who put on
so much makeup that you can't even
recognize them Reema does that all the
time I'm like girl you're four years old
what are you doing but if it makes you
feel good then do it cuz it makes you
feel good oh my god she's coming she's
coming
oh my god oh my god how are you who are
you who am i what do you mean Who am I
I'm a boo-boo what the heck is all of
that came in recognize you you can't
recognize me did you not watch my makeup
video I have like the best makeup
channel ever are you crazy
I have the best makeup channel out there
and I can show the best head job
tutorial videos look all of this look at
all of this you know what goodbye number
five last one and this one is one of the
most annoying one ever these are all the
fobs the voter is ready I was called the
people I came from different countries
and came to America Britain Australia or
whatever they send you those like texts
like eat my body those poor
as long essays and videos of people
singing like Eid Mubarak II about it I'm
sorry you guys are cool like I love my
father's you guys are real cool my dad's
a fob I have a lot of family members
were five you guys are so funny
you guys are so dope but chill out with
those even by the text and it doesn't
even feel special like at least send it
to me personally because I can see you
guys sending it to like 99 other people
I don't feel special when I do that I
don't I don't feel special send me a
personal text or just call me that is
the end of the video I hope you all
enjoyed this video this video is just
for comedy purposes just for fun so hope
you all enjoy this video if you did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey and let me know in the comments
below what types of people do you meet
during Eid I don't know I wanna know
what types of people do you meet thank
you all for your love and support I will
see you guys in a couple hours in the
blog a couple hours of vlog will be up
and I'll see you guys in LA real real
soon take care
- gonna be Oh baby
anything
anything you want for me to work
they open me
