hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
you're adding in the biggest name
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy positive day
let me just start off the vlog with
something really really important
because I feel like this is my
responsibility my duty to share this
with you guys and to spread the word and
for you guys to share it everywhere
because this is really really sad two
kids two Muslim teenagers got attacked
in a Brooklyn mosque near Sunset Park
which is around 53rd Street I know where
that misses that I know the two kids I
went to school with them they were in
the sixth grade when I was in El Molino
school I was in 12th grade they were in
sixth grade those kids were the most
innocent to the most smartest kids in
the school their class was literally
right next to mine I was a top of your
class there with the six weight class
so I see them every single day I'm
seeing this happen is so so sad they
were outside the message around 1:00
a.m. until a couple people approached
them they called them terrorists and
they started attacking them and so one
of them had a concussion and both of
them were severely hurt they're still in
the hospital right now
there's a video an article about this
whole hate crime but if you look it up
to Muslim teenagers in New York City
attack you will see the video one of the
kids after the incident this picture is
the picture of the message in 53rd
Street in Brooklyn and this is the
message one of the kids was severely I
know this kid and this is so so sad what
I'm hearing a couple people said that
the police are trying to say it's not a
hate crime they're trying to cover it up
but the attacker that attacked them call
them a terrorist so it's obviously a
hate crime then I don't feel like that
it's getting spread like enough around
so this is my responsibility to let you
guys know and to literally spread the
word and make the app for the families
and for these kids because my parents
know their families know one of the kids
grandma's I believe my mom told me my
thoughts and prayers go out to the two
kids and to their families and to anyone
that was around the area that seen this
thing happened my thoughts and prayers
with you guys and sha Allah everything
goes well insha Allah hey Adam again
this has been a crazy dramatic like a
crate I came to explain it this is
Ramadan has been real
be crazy and dramatic and I seriously
apologize for you guys to guys even
something crazy happen literally right
next miles because I live next to
Central Park
something happened if you guys do not
know in America there's July 4th
Independence Day where all the fireworks
go off it literally sounds like a war
zone it sounds like a war zone I said
everything going off people go around
you know like exploding like fireworks
playing fireworks but some people take
advantage of that and they set like
gunshots I know it's crazy but in New
York City they shoot people so because
it sounds like a war zone other so some
people take advantage and you know shoot
the enemies and do a lot of crazy stuff
so something happened at Central Park
but people claim in the news is claiming
that it's a homemade bomb I don't know
if it's true because it's hard to trust
the media because they can literally do
anything and just make whatever look bad
I don't know if they're calling at our
site but they're calling right now a
homemade bomb the firework I came and go
outside my house my dad's not letting me
go out right now because it's July 4th
and it gets serious outside it gets
crazy outside so I'm so sorry for all
this dramatic stuff going through it
like this Ramadan I apologize you guys
I'm sorry to bring in like this negative
energy with you guys I promise we're all
gonna overcome this go through this
obstacle right now and just go through
it so thank you guys so much for being
patient or like going through this with
me through my ups and downs right now
it's down that happening
i'ma continue going up so thank you guys
so much for like being there with me
through my ups and downs because it
truly means the world so I did a little
fan mail opening around last week when I
hurt my leg and I forgot to put it in
the vlog so I'm gonna put it in the vlog
right now enjoy and I'll see you guys
after the shop sound better from Sydney
Australia I haven't sahabat from Sydney
Australia this one place like I really
want to go to let's see what you got
thank you so much by the way I promise I
will open up your box probably what you
open I don't even know what you got
today I don't want to open one huh
Monday Tuesday might be this week but at
the same time I do now to open one
because you guys send so much stuff and
the people that hate me but you know
what I'm probably gonna open it and imma
let you guys just like
sent summer stuff so you can hate me
even more hey this is dope what is it
this is like a panda bear panda panda
and up and up and up and up and up and
up and up and it better I get bras in
another another couple shirts just one
shirt another shirt this one is says
Brooklyn a Brooklyn see which handle
about Brooklyn Austria Australia day
even know what this one is
sweatpants but looks really thinking
that that's really small this penis
probably dumped boogeyman hell I see
though I'm this size imagine this this
is myself the same as huh I'm not that
short Daffy Duck shirt do you remember
when we were kids you was definitely I
was always that lucky dog going on so
this one I've taken that VDOT definitely
remove that yeah this one is for Rima
thank you so much this guy's given so
many shirts for like the whole Adams
family I appreciate it thank you so so
much
Michigan shit Oh Superman shit Oh
Superman right here this one is in
Michigan sure I'm performing in Michigan
in September so I'm coming in the rock
this is gonna rock that yes thank you so
much diamond from Australia I will be
opening up a few box real soon Mawson
say thank you say thank you thank you so
so much sir she means the world like
anything even it's a letter that guys
give thank you so so much and stay tuned
for the peel box the new peel box open
because I had one and they shut me down
but I'm going to become I'm coming back
so my dad is telling me not to go
outside but to be honest I feel like I
need to go outside and like breathe some
fresh air because like I don't know so
much stuff is like coming up together
and I just need to like take a walk or
like take a ride through like the city I
know it's probably a little dangerous
but with like a laws like like I feel
like I prayed today I'm the love with my
brother not feel like you know I've been
protected so I want to go out and just
you know I'm knowing that Allah by my
side I was trying to go out and just
like have a breather so hopefully if I
ask him right now I can probably go out
I don't know he's gonna bug out I just I
have to go there no I want to breathe
some fresh air no just open and gonna
hit open air get this
then I'm gonna breathe just some fresh
air a little bit but now it's not though
just a little bit no just a little bit
neck even one day not here one minute
doesn't you come and go Beth
I'll come back for us pinkie promise
unicorn pinkie promise come you new
unicorn pinkie promise I'll come back
fast all right yes or no yes yeah guys
we went outside and July 4th it's
dangerous but we're gonna go explore and
see what is up
you gotta know this area this we don't
know
welcome to New York City what's that
happy birthday guys it's crazy
needs some seen the whole thing it was
wild I don't want to show that I want to
show another bit of like but it was
crazy so I asked why they were fighting
and they're fighting because of
something with like a social media post
someone did a social media post which is
really childish and crazy but we're just
walking trying to get some iced coffee
and we literally just seen that the cops
came now the cops are gonna arrest them
when they get arrested they're not going
to come out till two days later because
tomorrow's July 4th and there's no court
date on July 4th so when there's no
court date in July 4th you have to stay
lock up until the day after so it's
gonna suck really bad for them they're
gonna have a bad July 4th but it's all
good
what's up with doom again I just met up
with the homie slim yo that was a good
introduction that was a good
introduction and last night like I know
I seen that life man is crazy he's
crazier times are hard
I got some insulin we just got some NYC
city bikes we're gonna ride the bikes
from we're like in Midtown 59400 and
we're gonna go all the way to the
Brooklyn Bridge right now yeah all the
way up is going to be us around 3/4 mile
wide why is there snow
why is there snow in middle of New York
City there's snow
we're gonna how many miles is that it's
around like three four five three three
to five miles something like that but
should be a nice ride we ended up in
Times Square videos oh my god oh my god
somebody what this is so dangerous blog
and go through this guy's I'm just doing
a few guys but you guys don't do this
how much people in here
no hands right now
so we just got to 14th Street we're
going to go get some dessert at my
favorite cuz that's find some coffee
we're gonna keep our bikes out hopefully
no one sees it oh well I got a piece of
you
in your neighborhood over here no one
should be hope not should do nothing
right here you guys Cena right now the
bikes are here
two iced coffees tried to get us some
donuts look at these ladies honor this
is why I love this place
this is why I love ya we're gonna love
it whoo I go on below yes no one stole
our bikes we're here
I made the mailbox at table ice coffee
we have some bagel butter and cream
cheese and some donuts we're gonna eat
outside on the street hey i'm rony we
couldn't go to the Brooklyn Bridge
because it is close and late at night
right now I want you to go through like
show you that the whole view of Brooklyn
or Manhattan to Brooklyn hopefully next
time and if they like to show you guys
around okay do me yeah I am back home
here to tell you guys what's been going
on with you man until you guys all the
bad news that's going on then after that
I promise all good news because this
month of July it's about to get lit
positivity I'm the letting like a lot of
sunshine is gonna come right now the
darkness is a little bit about promised
you guys a lot of sunshine is gonna come
so bear with me to be gang so this is
what's happening in the Addams Family
that's shown in the vlogs is me marcin
Rima Deena
Jamal Hamza hey Laila say f my brother
my little brother sometimes my dad and
that's it that's pretty much that's like
a quarter of my family that's the Addams
Family shown on camera that's the Addams
Family
but iam at will no longer be in vlogs
and it is officially confirmed by his
parents by everything he will no longer
be in vlogs and the reason for it I'm so
sorry but it cannot is like really
personal I cannot be told they told me
not to share with anything online so I
have to respect their decision I wanted
to tell to let you guys know I wish it
was a prank on my life like this is like
the saddest like this is literally a
heartbroken for me because Jim at I love
him so much he seriously the love he's
the love my life anyway my family's the
love of my life like I've seen him when
he was 0-2 like now when he was seven
and knowing that he's not going to be in
LA
like me losing a part of me and I barely
see him I barely see him now because of
like I guess like I know this I can I
guess like all like the fame that goes
on he won't be even around he won't even
be around me anymore I still see him but
not as much as I used to I don't know if
you guys noticed but Deena will still be
in vlogs Rima was still being blogs
busted also being vlogs how do that
happens at me all of us will still be
vlogs but German no longer being vlogs
and it seriously breaks my heart
trust me guys it breaks his heart too he
loves you guys so much he brought so
much entertainment so much laugh so much
smiles to me and to you guys so juh man
if you're watching this I love you so
much I appreciate you're my one of my
bestest nephews I got your back whenever
you want I'll give you whatever you want
from me whatever you need I love you
from the bottom of my heart German and
just think this is like so heartbreaking
I know I was like like I mean I'm not
losing of nothing but the fact that he
won't be a part of this journey is you
know makes this is a heartbroken for me
and the fact that I barely see how I
barely see him now kills me inside
it truly kills me inside but it is what
it is I guess that's life we're gonna
continue on giving you guys the best
smiles and Jim as is going to continue
on doing him and I'll keep you I guess
I'll keep you guys updated with
everything if I can say the reason I'll
let you guys know thank you guys for
your long support for him he appreciates
every single one of you guys he was the
most dedicated one he always wanted to
be on tours he always wanted to come to
shows he always wanted to be a part of a
Douma gang be part of the blogs be part
of the videos do challenge videos and do
everything he was one of the most
dedicated people young kids one of the
most dedicated young kids out there he's
a smart kid in school and ham de la
shala the success and best for him I'm
still gonna be there by side to to you
know to raise him and get him you know
get him to his success that he's gonna
get in Shella so I hope you guys
understand and with that being said I'm
just gonna show a little one two-minute
reunion of Jamel to show my love for him
sure man this is for you we love you
from Adam and a booming gang from all
the matter that doom is your Matt we
love you and a joy for watching us enjoy
what Fievel okay good give me five say
well why don't I sell hot ball up stand
tell me fuck out watch my cry he's gonna
try to fuck we don't you see I got
almost like that fine yours
frankly boy I'll take you with me to
other toy we're gonna go to North Pole
okay okay
waiting go and target or okay Boise
penguins
you'll never true to heart
I have dramatic beeps Avon lady I need
money
I was beep save like a movie I think
we're seven minutes
that wasn't huh thank you whiskey
Matthews document
two crates lon we can't take it love you
Oh
so what do you wanna go
you don't have to please I don't salah
actually makes me sick
tomatoes the roastmaster Oh
today's my I hope you guys enjoyed this
fly if you did and you still part of
doom again and you still gonna go
through with Adams family if you still
support the Adams family give it a giant
giant thumbs up I want to see every
single one of you guys giving his vibe a
giant thumbs up just to show so much
love and appreciation thank you guys so
much I truly mean the world I'll see you
guys tomorrow do me hang I have the left
everything and I promise you guys a lot
of happiness and lot of sunshine is
coming I promise this is July this whole
month is coming guys thank you so much
for your level support I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care or peace keep smiling
stay positive and I love
