you
bad boy Adam is back I'm just joking
hey guys what's up a do me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing that you all should be
having an amazing happy day the sun is
shining on me today on the Sun shines on
me
that means that's gonna be happy - I'll
see how it goes
I stepped out the taxi and the Sun is
literally right on my face and it feels
so good under aid is supposedly on
Tuesday or Wednesday I do not know I
mean slim are gonna have to go a chop
and today because sunday is tomorrow and
Sundays in America all like the shopping
places are mostly closed Mondays July
4th so all the shopping places will be
closed so we're going to have to go each
happened today so we can get ready just
in case it's Tuesday so I'm going to
take you guys with me on this shopping
journey
I'm getting my 8 out so I just met a
real big rotted I do need she gave me
this Halas teeny like little I don't
know you headband or kind of like a
scarf so thank you so so much it truly
made my day what you told me seriously
like made me feel so much better I'm
gonna continue on moving forward
and huge shout out to full of scene to
anyone from fellow seen this looks so
dope thing on my racket I might wear it
for the whole day I just met the homie
as right here in Soho while we're
shopping so he chat I'd say thank you so
much you see me my day thank you so so
much and then you want to say I'm sorry
if any NY used to winter watching go in
my ear what's up and while you enjoyed
thank you so much you so much was very
meeting and so we just met the homie
Omar what's up I got my man right here
he's from Guinea right
yeah Guinea Guinea what's our guys doing
homie he has he has a facebook chat
about to go
Umar can take on mark Conte on Facebook
and I definitely watch some of these
videos so
shut up guys what up but we're going to
za we don't know where it's at so don't
be showing us where it's at with fasting
right now Bastin and we're gonna go get
I'm gonna eat outfit he's gonna get old
smells little like hey cowboy hey have
it before but they made fun of me they
said like a forest it means I'm gonna
choose each other's outfits so he's
gonna choose my outfit and I'm a truce
history tougher Freddie homeboy so I
gotta look for an outfit for slim and I
think I'm gonna give him like a nice
Nomad for something that I would wear so
let's see no go alright guys so slim
shows me out these outfits and is pretty
embarrassing because it shows me like a
moss and outfit we want like like he
told me these this what the heck is this
I choose you a good outfit sir
alright control me I felt naked well I
wasn't you chose you chose me a baby
outfit I like you like that's Little
Richard so I got a pretty good I gave
you something nice so I don't like the
Richard so I know I was good such a punk
well I'm trying on I'm see how it goes
I'm trying on matte effect right now
let's see how it goes so I'm gonna have
to try this baby Western outfit I'm
gonna call it the big muscle outfit I
really hope it looks nice on me because
this is like I think we're doing I think
my fashion channel is starting right now
but it's not it's just an eat outfit so
let's see how it goes
alright guys I'm worried it looks like
so actually but I'm gonna try on the
bucket hat he gave me so hopefully the
hat makes it better I don't know Leila I
gave you slim the jeans I gave them was
way too tight you should I can bake but
problems I give it a nice light back
shirt and really nice jeans really good
jeans and also really nice like pebbles
yeah a really nice like pip hat and I'll
say you need to change the genes in
Karthik slim stick okay do me gang this
is the whole outfit I don't know I like
I'm fishing I'm going fishing buddy
something Alex over here bro I think
this outfit looks much better with
powder I had with hat just looks like
I'm fishing thought I have looks much
better because I'm sometimes a hat can
ruin your whole outfit so it's better
it's too without out just have a good
hair day you're good so I'm still
shopping a little bit and I found this
look this is a real outfit in the
shopping place like it looks like a
freaking Jail out I'm so shocked this is
literally what this is like another what
the heck is this this looks like a lunch
lady like what so I got slimmed is black
like nice short really short sleeve
shirt white khaki kind of jeans ripped
jeans moment at and his dope hat
you need a shampoo for the mattify one
with oh sure I tried a mountain bike
let's just say that jay-z's the lucky
man okay so I'm getting some sunglasses
yeah I won't lose it I got babies on my
guess who I'm with I'm with Tina she
hasn't been seen for so long Deena's
scared of bones even if it's a picture
below she's scared don't be scared I
game because even because you know you
didn't have the getting a Baba Gina
Habba hey give my bad know why what are
your the no girl now we missed you Dina
misty so I missed you so much
mmm like Monica's jealousy it's so
jealous I'm not gonna kiss no how about
you let me look
honey okay okay you know my kisses I'm
okay
I love you do me game
do you not is family in a happy mood
here because you know she's got angry
little because of look look at this
Felix flip he copies her he does he
tries to out beat people because he
tries to out beat him because he gets so
jealous
was he jealous boy yeah you know Mac
always say no to mean Adam yes cuff Lena
told me no today actually you told me no
gonna give me kiss nauseous she's
looking so jealous he so chose his face
he's so jealous nothing nothing it's
nothing it's nothing
it's fireworks fireworks fireworks July
4th mean I didn't is July 4th to July
4th people doing fireworks people are
doing fireworks outside
oh she's scared of anything that pops
which is balloons and fireworks it's
July 4th so a lot of people gonna be
doing fireworks it's only fireworks
tomash we call them in emmaandemma
only scare wasn't that scared so Mozilla
you should mr. muslin you gotta drink
your medicine move en moving I'm gonna
do it you big boy ok look at it you
should act like he's sick he's like
don't be scared hold this and drink
you're a big boy hold up right hand
right hand right hand right hand go
older Hey
go big boy big boy Watson good job
I know Dina's not crying but muscles
fire he wants me I come come come come
ok ok oh my god these kids okay a nice
quiet like I can't I need to hold the
camera and like so many babies it's so
hard man it's tough being a single dad
out here man yo sup jeez what a shame
the Train yeah train or train the bus
the taxi so we do me gang I have some
really really bad news but I'm not
usually I have good news coming to you
guys but this one is really big bad news
and like I'm seriously heartbroken guys
you guys do not know how heartbroken I
am and I'm not gonna say it today imma
wait till either tomorrow after tomorrow
someone hasn't been in the vlogs lately
and you enjoying our KitKat oh yeah
where's what's good man huh yeah he's in
he's in where he's in school yeah
he's in school at 10 o'clock at night
yeah one who's not quite you like a
slappy girl okay oh yeah guys really big
bad news tomorrow after tomorrow you
guys probably know what it is not
because I give you guys a little hit but
I'll confirm it with you guys out of
tomorrow or after tomorrow okay do me
gang it's time to wrap up this lag I
hope you all enjoy this bike if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey
thank you guys so so much for a little
support
Julie means the world you guys seriously
made me feel so much better and you guys
always bring me up when I'm feeling down
seriously guys I can't thank you guys
more than enough like I owe you guys my
life thank you guys so so much from the
bottom of frickin heart and I'm not
gonna say it's a Figgis from the bottom
of my frickin heart I mean it so much
thank you guys so so much reading all
your positive stuff positive comments
positive tweets literally makes me feel
so much better so I really hope these
black can make you guys feel better when
you're feeling down because you got to
do the same to me so thank you so so
much you guys seriously put me in a
position where nothing is going to stop
me like I'm gonna keep moving forward
and keep going up so thank you guys so
so much I will see you guys tomorrow
take care or peace allow you
