boy what my cousin
boys nigga you fourth of the day
hey guys what's up here do me gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so
about having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy
positive day it is day six or day seven
flogging once again with a messed up leg
but hand Allah I think about around
tomorrow after tomorrow I'm going to
take off the brace the doctor told me
ten days but I think it's been like six
seven days so it's its best way right
now I was like good I can't take it
anymore I can't do this anymore
so am I probably gonna take it off
tomorrow or after tomorrow so Shalva
everything goes well but today we're
going to be filming a new video for my
video for my channel and a new video for
Slim's channel we're gonna go out meet
up and see what's up and today is
lailatul cut which is one of the most
important days of Ramadan the 27th day
of them so Salah everything goes well
I'm gonna be out and I'll see you guys
there next shot
guys look it's raining and it's sunny at
the same time well not anymore but
slim is filming his little dis track him
and his brother probably distract
Hallett's on his way what cos is on his
way class home from work and I don't
know high school a psycho from Santa I
was raining hopefully gonna be around
20-30 minutes means so much looking for
a nice dope location
it's like film this nice-looking music
video nice like in music video and yo
you gonna dis your brother Hallett
why don't you diss me you next summer
shitless Oh what but how we gonna beat
you so Carlos Nieto joker series come to
me at basketball first assembling
everything we said that I wasn't given
brother I'll knock you out bro what we
got the mics ready I got my cane I got a
different cane well I had a different
kid so you use umbrella freakiness it's
your height - hey use it
mine's getting a little bit as much but
handle it so let's go free work so come
to LA
guys I'm so freakin mad right now these
little Punk's came and threw something
at me slim I think it was like flim-flam
his little two points came and threw
something like I think was flour like
smoke I don't know what it was but some
are back no Martha
no doors I'm sorry sue besides not as
well I got I don't know for someone she
had a fucking truck with her I don't
know if I'm one of them did we get a
show do not they want us to react they
want us we act don't react nothing
stupid
I kept the cool let them throw stuff or
do whatever we remember how good we got
that's it just to the show darn super
don't run they want us to react yeah
they did a bunch of oh my god I showed
her my fucking eyes super Oh when's the
other way
holy crap this guy's is such assholes
bro my drum rush is so freaking crazy
right now so those guys that jumped slim
what last week one of their I don't know
family members or someone came through I
guess they know I like meetup spot and
Union Square there I don't know they
were following us some like that but
they ended up being at the same place
where we're at this chatter start like a
little altercation and trouble and then
undertone and leave us could go leave
like that last see when I'm recording
because even before when some got jumped
they were recording so I guess they hit
they liked having that attention
recording they got they got the views on
that on that video when they jumps them
so now they trying to record on this
home to leave so they left literally
like ten minutes later they came in
through like flower or like I don't know
who was like I thought was bleed for a
second though he chose not bleep be
honest I'm a keeper cool because that's
not they wanted to be I didn't want to
react in a horrible way but just so
messed up though so what Carson pilot
just came and we're literally walking
around looking for these homies but it's
all good we're not gonna like focus on
this Betina continue on shooting this
video
I still got oh my god yeah oh my god
Robert beer yeah I didn't know was that
much under here - what why people began
to shine in my eyes bro I swear to God
does it stupid shit how would that be
we've got to do Grove is a matter
it's the most childish shit up a baby
panda good that I was so like if you
know tempted I would I wanted to do
something about since I wanted to be
like the bigger man and they come around
doing this childish sorry oh are you
guys I look at you guys yeah you guys
it's all good we're gonna continue out
of the smile it just literally pisses me
off seeing people do stuff like this
especially like the fact that like
something crazy happened last week them
getting jumped and some like we came and
walk outside I'm like what is up dooming
so right now I am home and I couldn't
really like after because my mood was
just completely down I was having a
happy happy day and it turned like
upside down in a matter of a couple
seconds but I'm gonna explain to you
guys everything that happened from the
beginning to the end I cannot believe
I'm actually even making a video about
this and but I feel like I have to
because a lot of people have no respect
I know there's a lot of haters going on
but the fact that they go all out to do
that stuff is just really really
disgusting and nasty so I'm gonna start
off from the beginning to the end and if
you guys don't know my dad is like my
dad sleeping sleeping in the back so I'm
gonna talk and I'm gonna stay low and
talk to you guys about what exactly
happened so last week or enough it's a
week and half ago slim got into a little
argument he was going home and in front
of his house there was a couple like but
we call them haters because if someone
is cursing you out and say in your
videos a shit you're this you're that
they're they're basically being haters
like to your face and somebody so slim
ran into a couple haters and that was
like around the fifth time so many times
that they did this to slend they did it
a couple times to me but I didn't react
there was one time I was in Queens
someone was like oh I'm sorry
and he said that p-word Adam Saleh is
sorry that in Queens a couple people
were screaming at me saying Adam Salah
is the P word saying I'm a punk this and
that but I went out to that oh my boo
said that and we all got a free 18 left
but with slim that happened so many
times because he lives in a Arab Muslim
neighborhood in this letter Arab
there and I don't know if you guys know
most haters we have is Arabs and Muslims
which is kind of like it's kind of sad
but same time is like I don't know Adam
Muslim sometimes they don't like seeing
other people doing their thing stuff
like that so they came at slim they were
being really negative really crazy
towards him one of them even pulled out
a knife on slim it went up to him
cursing him out for no reason telling
him all negative stuff buzz videos like
one thing like if you don't like someone
and you don't like the videos why go all
out to do that are you trying to show
off when your friends are you like who
are you trying to like what are you
trying to prove like I mean it doesn't
make you look tough but just makes you
look so stupid but the fact that a lot
of people have been doing this to us
it's just really really sad so they went
up to slim one of them came out with a
with a knife they were I don't know if
they were high or on drugs I'm like I
but one of them came up to him with the
knife and the slim ended up reacting
someone comes at you with a knife you
react in a way where you're defending
soso some defended himself and he swung
got one of the kids and then he started
running away because the kids started
chasing him so the kids are chasing him
all around and they caught him they
started jumping him and hitting him beat
him up with slim got in trouble because
he hit the kid and when the cops came
those kids were minor I don't know 15 16
17 I do not know how old they are but
those kids did not get in trouble slim
got in trouble he got charged arrested
with third-degree assault and I'm not
like BS and he got arrested for
third-degree assault he has a court date
that he's going to in August I do not
know what they oughta so that happened
and we let it go we know her calm I
spoke to slim everything was cool Hamed
in London we seen the kids again I want
to be ready to swim that day when I
heard my girls playing with some soccer
and these kids like found out where we
are they legit followed us in a car once
again and then they seen us with like we
had like around 10 20 people with us and
they ended up leaving like leaving they
didn't do nothing because they'd seen us
a lot of people so I don't know if
they're following us or trying to find
out we are trying to do something again
because they're loving the attention
they're getting but I know I'm giving
them attention by doing this but I feel
like I have to do this so in the future
like at least have some respect doing
something like this it does not make you
cool doing something like this does not
make you tough or nothing like that it
just makes you look
a complete douchebag and a complete
idiot so today we're ready to film we're
so happy music we're ready to film the
video that for his channel in a video
for my channel waiting for slim waiting
for holidays brother and Vikas once
we're getting ready setting up the mic
these two kids came to us they came up
to us with a camera and literally trying
to start like an argument like an
altercation saying yo what's up you know
my cousin you know my cousin they claim
to be with the people that that jumps
them so I don't know if they're with
them I don't know if they're related to
them I know they're friends with them I
don't know if they sent people on us to
see where we are
they've been following us I don't know
who they were but I'm going about what
they said they claimed to be that his
cousin slim punch one of their cousins
and they came at us they wanted to fight
slim on the spot so I'm dinner I'm
trying to squash him like guys just
chose squash it so I see one of them
filming with the phone so I'm like what
do you guys doing like it's just like
you're like it is what you guys do like
film people and satellite like harass
them so like that I told them to squash
it I told them just leave we're gonna do
us and you guys do you guys stuff like
that but they were still arguing still
trying to come at slim and I'm there
stuck in the middle trying to hold it
down I could have reacted in a really
negative way but I want to react in a
positive way because I want to keep
everything cool we're here doing us
doing that thing you know posit spread
spread of positivity in our videos every
single day and that's all we want to do
but they're coming at us literally
coming with all their negativity I told
them let's squash it we thought they
loved they ended up coming and throwing
a bunch of powder I don't know if it's
very platter I proposed flower but a
bunch of powder all over us and it
looked like a smoke look like a smoke
bomb or something I was so so scared
because it happened right behind my back
and literally like I was so scared I
thought something like I thought
something like exploded I was so worried
scared but then was the kids who threw
flour and do not know what they threw if
it's about baby powder or something like
that so the kids ended up running away
like little punks but then they end up
calling bus punks but they ran away so
try to chase them we looked for them we
did not find them and a couple hours
later they posted the video on YouTube
just like when you posted the last video
on YouTube with slim jumping slim and I
don't know if you can see right that's
something I'm not going to show most of
it because they literally were swinging
at him
so they posted that video of throwing
I'm guessing this is what they do now
this is their YouTube channel now they
come and try to harass us or throw stuff
at us or anybody something like that but
it was a scary scary situation if you
guys want to see the video the video is
right here it's called some ofin Adam
getting flowered I do not know that
second thing now getting flowered but
the video is literally disgusting if you
guys see it coming from Arabs Muslims I
don't know the front bound pretty sure
I'm guessing they're Arabs or Muslims I
do not know because they live around the
area and if they are related to that kid
then they are Arabs and Muslims and it's
sad seeing that it's so sad seeing I was
watching a video and I was so so hurt
not her because they did that to us but
the fact that like doing it's like your
own people and stuff like that was
disgusting man like the fact you going
all out to do that to us it's like it
shows you have nothing else better to do
and I'm gonna show the video someone
that can beat up my cousin boy what my
cousin boy's nigga you for other day
holiday fuck my cousin would look right
here boy loosely grab you you got
smushed something's gonna have okay I
want that nigga right there Boyle
no more cousin boy okay
boy I'll tell you right now don't worry
I said let it we should be filming haha
but I bet the colonial I bet boy bet yo
that was the video of them flowering us
arm I don't know what they're trying to
do but that's them they posted it up and
I saved the video before they end up
deleting it or something like that
because I'm pretty sure they're gonna
realize how dumb of them is to post it
and the other fight video that they
posted saying and the funny thing is
they post it and and they think they're
the right ones that again we got and I'm
like what the heck I'm watching the
videos I'm like are these guys like I
mean they're like sick in the head I
mean like I'll let them go if it's taken
out but the fact that they're doing this
the second time is disgusting like so
disgusting if you hate someone or don't
like someone or have something against
someone let it be do you have to go all
out to do all this stupid stuff which is
childish and it gets me so mad like I'm
seriously tired of it is the past couple
years I've been meeting especially with
Mia I guess so many people coming at me
with a lot of hate I let it go I ignore
it I let it go but the fact that they
did this it's like this is like next up
well it got me so mad at so angry ruined
my whole mood I didn't want to vlog or
nothing ruined my whole mood you guys do
not know how like happy I was today then
I've ruined my whole mood and I'm kind
of like I'm mad because I should have
reacted a negative way because if I
reacted I reacted in a positive way and
then they were acted a negative so if I
react the negative they would have
reacted back negative
also anyways right but I'm happy that I
reacted positive if I were acting
negative I'm pretty sure they would try
to make me look bad and be like Oh see
look look what he did look what he did
but I reacted comedy and it was just so
disgusting
seeing that and I pray for them I pray
for them that happiness will come to
them so they can forget about the people
they hate or the people they dislike I
pray to them I pray to Allah that they
freaking have happiness in their life so
they cannot do something like this to us
or to anybody and the future is so
disgusting what they're doing I don't
even take the train over guys I do not
even take the train no more and the
reason why I don't take the train to
Mars because of people who hate me
there's people who legit want me beat up
like I don't know I mean if you don't
like me then don't like me let that a
lot do with it and don't come like
trying to like literally kill us man
what am i people doing this why man
first of all like I it's just so sad
knowing that people go all out to do
something like this and I'm sorry if I'm
talking in a really angry manner I'm
just really sad I'm really mad but I
really hope that happiness comes to
these kids live so they can actually
like you know continue on with their
lives and focus on their own instead of
going on focusing on other people's live
if you guys notice me some every single
day we give you guys daily lives every
single day to make you guys happy and it
makes us happy like it's what we love
this is our passion passion and it's
also our like it's what we do it's
literally what we do every single thing
we love spreading positivity having
slide I'm adventures and going around
them when obstacles like this come in
your life it is just sad and I feel like
I have to make this video so people can
have respect at least if you don't like
us at least respect respect to us don't
try to hit us from China come at us
don't curse us out it's really
disgusting you don't see us cursing you
guys out or any haters of ours out
seriously if I see any hater I'll tell
them what's up that's what I try to do
today try to squash it try to be cool
but I didn't work out by making this
video so anyone who dislikes us please
please please I'm telling you guys for
man-to-man
just be cool if you don't like us just
let it be let it be that's all I'm
asking for some respect
literally some respect for us man some
respect don't all that jumping in
jumping me a couple years back coming at
me some calling us punks for no reason
no reason like if we're plan simple
punks call us funk sound of mind you can
come whatever you want but don't come
out as and try to touch us or try to
like put our lives in danger you put my
family's life in danger to my mom
let's get the fact that she gets scared
of me and slim going outside the fact
that Slim's mother gets scared of him
going outside we're where grown men were
21 to 23 years old and going out and our
parents are scared they think of it our
families are being afraid of us going
outside which is pretty pretty sad it's
hurting us it's hurting us and I know
you guys would tell me I don't let the
haters know that you're that it's like
you know that you just getting to you
and it's hurting but it actually is I
have to say it I have to say it's
hurting us when we see all this hatred
tells us for no maybe there is a reason
for us we potatoes maybe there is that
even if there is just let it be don't go
all out and do that that's all I ask
for positivity and peace that's all ask
I'm asking right now in this video for
peace because I'm tired of it and I'm
gonna end this video done I'm so sorry
do me ank for not vlogging much after
because this whole shit situation I love
you guys aids on its way so we're just
going to stay positive and keep moving
forward and keep going up thank you guys
once again your support truly means the
world guys you guys do not know how much
it means to us supporting me supporting
some of my best friends slim like it
truly means the world so thank you guys
so so much for all your love and support
thank you thank you thank you do me Hank
thank you fucking Hank you guys were
seriously amazing I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace I like
