what's up Badou me I want to start off
the vlog by saying something that I need
to say because I don't know I feel I
feel not hurt but like I feel confused
and I don't know and like devastated and
just like I don't know what's going on
because this meant so much to me and it
meant so much to you guys a couple
months back when I was in Mexico
something went on with the Teen Choice
Awards Teen Choice Awards Fox you guys
have to nominate someone for choice
youtuber you guys do me and you guys
nominated nominating me literally every
second like when I see every second at
the time it started to the time the vote
the nominees ended you guys voted every
second multiple times thousands if
anything hundreds of thousands of you
guys voted and not nominating me so many
times to the point where I was number
one on Twitter if you click on the
hashtag you see me right there like you
couldn't miss me if Teen Choice Awards
would have clicked on chores you tuber
you would see me I was the first one you
seen and I was there like you cannot
miss me I'm right there so today I'm in
LA enjoying this beautiful sunny day I
wake up and I've seen a couple tweets of
you guys tweeting me telling me oh man
Adam did again and I'm like wait hello I
expected like I was so confident like I
would at least be there
with like you know other nominees who
deserved it I'm pretty sure they
deserved it and then I go on it and I'm
not there I mean I don't care that I'm
not there but like the fact that you
guys literally want all the way out to
wasting time didn't sleep and do all
this and I still don't get nominated
that seems kind of like I don't know
that seems just it seems kind of
confusing a lot of people was telling me
Oh Adam don't mention Islam and you'll
grow bigger you'll have more subscribers
if you don't mention Islam but it's my
religion every day Islam is bossy I'm
not going to stop mentioning Islam so I
can get more subscribers I mean if
anything there's a 1.6 billion Muslims
in the world if each of them subscribe
it'll be almost more than every single
subscriber out there I will not stop
mentioning like that's my religion
that's who I am saying I'm de la Renta
that's all white that's how I am I say
masha'Allah see that's
just it's just be mashallah means like
when you see something amazing like
mashallah inshallah means when you want
something to happen in God's will to
have in the future you say inshallah I
don't say nothing like like bad that no
one like doesn't understand I mean I
would I would never go to the point
where I won't want to do something that
I don't want to do just because all
you'll get bigger that way if you don't
mention Muslims like I had a couple
people I had a couple people come to me
and literally tell me Adam don't mention
this time anymore tell me you'll go
bigger if you don't mention Islam
whether you're not Muslim or not I'm
pretty sure there's so many non-muslims
will subscribe to me and if you are
leaving the comments below so you can
prove to them that you can still grow
you can still have millions of
subscribers even if you're Muslim and
mentioned Islam in any ways just is
normal if it makes me even lose
subscribers by mention Muslim then I'm
gonna continue make mentioning Aslam
because that's that's me that's just
that's just me so hope you guys
understand and as I was saying fox5 Teen
Choice always Fox 5 I feel like they've
probably seen maybe some of that there
they are we don't want we don't involve
that in Fox 5 we don't want anything
involved with like you know religion
stuff like that which I feel like it's
kind of messed up if they did this is
what I'm assuming to be honest I know
it's wrong to assume but it seems that
way because from the past Fox 5 News
they they're really biased against
Muslims especially when stuff goes on
that the first ones to be like all
Muslim terrorists attacked like they're
the first ones to do that Fox 5 News
they're the news to do that so good they
said to do nominees and to vote and
that's what I do me I did and if it was
that way then I'm pretty sure I would
have been in but since they I don't know
what was their reason it's all good I
guess I'll try harder this is it just
makes me work even harder and just work
even stronger and want me to like
continue on moving up so thank you guys
so much I love you guys so so much thank
you guys for your support leave a
comment below if you still show love and
if you still support even if I'm
vlogging and and saying I'm a Muslim so
what so what you could like if you're an
Indian to say you're Indian you're gonna
flag if you're a put are you gonna say
you're Puerto Rican to say you're a
Christian so what it's normal you don't
have to keep that away
I did away forever just to grow more be
who you are and stay who you are and I
promise at the end of the day you'll get
to where you want so thank you guys so
much as all I wanted to say thank you so
much once again for voting and I'm so
sorry I had to end like this I'll see
you guys in the next shot this is gonna
be my first time wearing these babies
Tom Ford sunglasses for the beautiful
weather outside so slim lost his voice
and he sounds like grandpa are you doing
okay are you okay
sup dude and he looks like a head don't
say I'm his girl texted him and she said
he looks like a park ranger one of those
like cop Park Police really like hey got
the grass you need to get out the grass
now well lay the hood hey slim oh then
what do you want to get you want iced
coffee or bubble tea wearing this long
white sweater but you guys are probably
wondering like damn dude it's like
someone's how are you wearing this long
white sweater but the thing is when you
wear white even if it's a long sweater
you won't feel like hot in it because
there's white it's black if it's black
like if it's black you'll be super hot
even sweating your butt off source
absorbs he comes on to you so many slim
got a bubble tea bubble tea bubble to
every guy's father or mother play a game
of booty call
SOT America's game for this game right
here we have to take it out
you can achieve it wrong and she
competed well skill there dude always
beat you
Callaghan up you cheated from great time
you yes you did yes you did wrong I
think that colleague Adam couple fans
spotted me slim and over and the guy was
like starstruck she was like whoa what
do you guys do and then as always I
claimed some of the singer he believed
this slim went along talking about Kanye
he's gonna meet Kanye this is that and
then it all went like wrong from there
it was so funny so crazy this is like
Coney Island but in yeah in California
in LA and I think it's so much better
than Coney Island much better think so
I've met people crowds
don't underestimate is good but it's a
pretty ratchet yeah hi guys if I win a
prize I'm gonna give it away for you
guys so anywhere that comments below and
leave big big thumbs up so if you want
the prize if I get it hey he's got like
Johnny you got me John he's got me
let's go like do me he's a three-point
shooter
you'll be online
Hey
I gotta go charge Jenny oh my god
I'm giving this away thumbs up leave a
comment below you guys may have this
tricycles are so chill just lean back
relax baby out chippy hi rabbit
I never pet like a rabbit like Agra peda
yeah she's nice I can you put it first
just in case yeah hi
sorry Oh from New York City so that's
what okay well Hampshire or nice dinner
hi rabbit are you doing ready so cute
whistle oh my god this is episode we're
still ride a bike
both tricycles Clem you want to go here
so these things over here they probably
look easy but they're really really hard
to make it from beginning to end the guy
over there just missed it now the girls
trying some claims you can do it but the
thing is hotels good well you're tall
you can just walk through this like it's
nothing
oh my knees oh I'll do feel ugly not
good only exclusive on atom solid lies
seeing slim go through like Tarzan
you know so hard for you living what the
heck he says yeah well it's hard it it
looks yeah you guys a good let's go at
oh yeah yeah I believe in you brah yeah
yeah yeah I believe it in rough yeah
yeah yeah yeah you got this buddy yeah
you did it oh oh oh I got competition
I got competition wrong no it's all
right
battle let's go right yeah I thought
that that's not bad uh-huh how do you do
it this yo your shades good wait I gotta
get my glasses
did you see what this look okay this
expensive man Duke guys you guys didn't
know by now I'm a full time youtuber and
part-time monkey so I completed that
obstacle I'm not gonna complete this
obstacle where you got to go up the rope
all the way to the roof I do not know
about how this weird talent when I was
younger of climbing stuff like even if
it's really high I can do it it's do it
you got it go all it is huh
yeah he's you - yeah something I don't
know I did today I can't climb we gotta
dig you got this Adam
oh
yeah yeah damn bro you bugging your
crazy son
yo oh you're scaring me bro
this guy's crazy this what's buggin go
down go down
we got a human monkey this is crazy
okay very good guys were on biggest
fears and spiders and slim is making me
if I ever do office knows making me I'm
put a spider all over
watch this one change color changes
color yeah it goes from purple to blue
to green look at the legs we don't look
at the land up there yeah Wow just got a
haircut the slim keeps complaining why
I'm getting haircuts but the reason is
there are times last last time I get a
haircut every week the last haircut I
got was last week the one that I got two
three days ago was not a haircut I just
trimmed my beard all I did today I got a
haircut because my hair grows faster
okay do me gang it's time to wrap up to
vlog I hope you all enjoy this volley if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey thank you guys for your
love and support you guys got me to 1.3
million almost 1.3 million subscribers
on this channel and then 1.4 million
subscribers already on my main channel
so altogether that's 2.7 million
subscribers that's crazy
that is crazy mashallah thank you guys
so so much for level support truly means
the world and I really hope these daily
vlogs truly make you guys smile actually
make you guys happy or even a little
stressed you guys have throughout the
day to make you guys forget about it so
thank you guys so much for Elam support
I'll see you guys tomorrow and I hope
you guys all enjoying this la vlogs take
care of my hair purse I like
have you always a feather I'm sure that
those dead let me wipe them away okay
this wood chooses Flay
