he's good he's good it's good that you
might hate me right
eight is tomorrow well actually it's
today because you guys are watching it
today but eight for us is tomorrow which
means Mawson i have to take you to get a
haircut you ready yes he is he's ready
are you ready for the fresh cut nice as
yeah because he's excited he's outside
but one of his biggest fears is the
barbershop so hopefully he hasn't for a
while so hopefully he overcomes his fear
and he's used to whip so let's see how
it goes ready you sure you sure Paulson
is up next I don't know if he's scared
or not cuz he keeps trying to run away
then he comes back
ready
the hairs gonna be gone guys he's gonna
shave it bald whole thing's gonna be on
muscle ready football you'll be both how
did job he's like me but yeah you commit
to this job you're ready to give me yes
I hope it's not scared peeking you
should amuse me come on surprise is
gonna make embarrass me once someone's
gonna take a haircut here zoo MRSA it's
just Erica
be good he's good he's good he's good
yeah still have to go on with him he's
scared to go home we're gonna get good
job ah Samia Nelson I didn't hear me oh
you like this stuff muscle okay it's
okay
on the fing good job
good job yeah
like
hates me so much that happen buzzer
getting there masala doing good good day
five minutes in he's done right look
here
have to turn on the black cameras leave
to look at themselves
hates me so much what you guys don't
know is that I hate him I like I hate
all of myself because of him I didn't
know
stop was not possible stop
it's so fun
so slim just came through I just got my
beard I just got my beard trim down
thank you so I have to go drop my son
off I didn't let the barber do anything
to like top of his head or like his
hairline because I want him to grow his
hair but I did let the barber trim my
beard because I seen a lot of you guys
telling me to trim it so I trimmed it I
don't know and a lot of you guys would
tell me to grow you guys gonna get mad
at me now but it's hoggle it'll grow
back it'll go back right yeah you said
yet buzzes why would you do that
why why my kids step on water don't do
that Freda what are you doing shall I
sit on my not fasting huh
give something to Masada buzzing OH
snatches leg a visa hey Moses oh hey
look at this dude what the heck is
mustard wait to see what you think a
little rat wait till she sit like ass
you stop should I help you I was wrong
hey hey okay fine I'm on my business I'm
my own business okay okay let's do it
hates me so much
okay oh so happy slim we've come to my
Barber's tell me get that fresh cut
project slim stay fresh
projects clipsafe fresh-squeezed
shopping once again and not me slim he's
doing his last minute each shopping but
the crazy thing is through announcer now
fella yeah we are not spending our Eid
with our families we have to it's like a
must to go to LA tomorrow morning so
skimpy heck they can be crazy but we're
gonna spend the whole night with our
families and yeah to be honest anyways
even like during a these days like it's
not even as fun as you should be ten
years ago these days has been like
whatever so I'm actually glad I'm
getting to travel uh cuz I having
traveled like a month and a half even
though we're just going to LA for like
four days and coming back so should be a
nice little crazy trip slim you coming
vehicle he's coming beauty console you
also you gonna be crazy
so I'm taking some around my hood he's
going boot shopping boots in the
summertime oh yeah I'm gonna take it to
the best boots place right now ready
some all right so somebody thing about
that is it's a fashion yeah oh yeah like
some different to that's one of our most
challenging fire bro now so he better
kick a lot we gotta see my feet outfit
bro the only reason like the fashion
shouting you good I'm in slow moving on
yeah yeah I'm down with the Sluman Adi
who does so naughty gonna be
successfully naughty from wrapping it oh
is it yo go get away boy so slim messy
boots so much she's getting to cares
hard this one we're getting the brown
one yeah and the khaki one they look so
so dope this one right here and that one
right there
hey how about I'm wrapping you okay but
that was it sure you ain't get a my good
look at Rebecca yeah well it stretch
yourself towards good okay okay okay
okay
three Oh Juliet yeah I guess you know
you can video yeah give you know my dad
but to watch us through the video this
is awkward
Ready Set um ready you know
did you get me a weekend about you
really love bro come on you can pick a
game LMS you just so I can't I need the
voice is going to be on the
air-condition it's gonna catch on camera
I can be the struggles of filming in
hours
oh hi baby happy begin for coming o
sweet o Allah Allah how do you do it's a
video over okay
oh wow nuke it already huh I can't talk
things in a big deal you I am doing a
video but when you talk is good no oh no
you know what are you doing this movie
but it's a video yeah I already ate
money I get on the second alright
nobody kid me oh okay okay okay your
doom again get is time to wrap up this
vlog I hope you all enjoy his wife you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey thank you guys so so much
for your love and support every single
day truly means the world
I'm so sorry this vlog was cut a little
short I had to like go to LA I did not
even know I was going to LA today I
thought I was leaving Thursday but I had
to leave today my flight was today
because I booked the flight
well live with the people in beautycon
and saw all they booked me the flight
today on Wednesday because a month ago I
thought Eid was on Tuesday so it was my
fault I take the blame for it but I did
spend the whole night with my family
just down just chilling relaxing on my
dad my mom the shout-out to my family I
love you guys so so much dooming egg
thank you guys so so much I will be
announcing a lot of stuff tomorrow so
make sure you guys stay tuned to
while I'm in LA is going to be really
really fun and I'm so excited
anybody around the LA area make sure I
come through to beautycon the link is
down below to get tickets I forgot to
put the link yesterday and yesterday's
vlog so I'm gonna make sure to put it in
this link and I did upload each skit for
you guys it is in the last video that I
had and I want to apologize to you guys
because I see a lot I got so mad I did
not do any live streams I promise you
guys live streams Ramadan skits vlogs
pranks I did do Ramadan vlogs I did do
Ramallah pranks I did do the other skit
you can count I did a couple squats like
the basketball one skit you count those
skits my livestream
I did not do because it was to be honest
was so much like drama going on so much
BS going on and like so much vlogging
happening and stuff that I was like it
was so hard to do a live show at one
time like I could have done live streams
but I didn't want to do it because it
was at a time where no one would be up
and you guys would still be mad because
you guys would be like I'm not up I was
enough I was sleeping so I'm so sorry
for that I promise I will try my best to
do a live stream maybe next week or the
week after if I don't you guys can
comment below and like beat me up you
guys can be like Adam you're a Butthead
you can call me a button you got you can
say Adam your ever be a but if I don't
do a live stream in two weeks okay do-do
okay so I promise I'll do a live stream
I couldn't do it because I didn't want
to do in that certain time but I will do
one really really soon so thank you guys
so much for all of us before I'll see
you guys tomorrow do me gang make sure
you give us back a thumbs up and go
Turkey
thank you guys so much in the bottom
heart I'll see you tomorrow take care
and pitch hey if you like
always a feather promise you that those
tears let me wipe them away I'm gonna be
okay this what you say
