she just kept beating me up I didn't
know what to do
hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
you're having an amazing it because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
positive day today I'm gonna be starting
the vlogs in bed now for the next couple
days but I haven't let my like is
getting a little bit better and the
reason why it's getting a little bit
better because my little brother told me
he said this is something that's better
than the doctor better than medication
better than your crutches better than
that bracelet like do me gang this is it
right here you place your hand on the
affected area you say bismillah and then
three times and then seven times you say
this seven times you say this for da for
pain for any pain you have anywhere just
place it and do it I'm telling you guys
this thing works is better than your
doctor and he's better than yo
medication so my little brother told me
that he pulled a muscle when he was
working out and he said that died and
his like muscle like completely went
fine like literally that second he told
me that second than went amazing fine
and I'm not even lying guys wallahi on
my life I just said the dads right now
that he told me to do and I promise you
my life my leg is so much better it's so
like well a mom it's so much better like
it's not as bad for it was before it's
80 90 percent bad now it's like 50 60 %
mad I can like at least like take a step
is like old grandma stuff that I can do
right now which is much better than
before before I can take zero steps now
we're gonna take just baby stuff some of
them don't know just at that time right
now remember what happened to you here
where's your freaking here why my mom
taught me to cut it like like Dora
saved you like like that long yeah yeah
let me see the gurney
nice and easy it looks cute on you but
like what I'm with you bringing everyone
you like a boy no dream is a boy no yeah
remember rainbow
so we got some mooses I don't know what
that is coffee
Oh baby don't trust it he's trying to
say shut up but it's not and what stop
fuck are you here more
stop saying hello you never seen a race
shut up
all right guys so right now I'm gonna
bring out Rima and say f and they think
that well I like that I should get hurt
from basketball and they think it is
from basketball but I'm gonna tell them
that it's from my girlfriend who hurt me
listen try this hola I'm gonna tell them
that it's my girlfriend who's been
abusing me and hurting me and she messed
up like my ankle and I'm just gonna mess
with him have some fun so hopefully we
see how it goes um ZUP and let's do this
hey this prank is not on you that's
unreal man say f oh god room yeah
get out Oh where's Rima why say yeah hi
guys
come sit down sit officer she's on it ah
we must have down there my leg come
closer come closer
see here my name talk to you I need to
tell you guys the truth here what's
wrong with my leg on it I know
look you have played back the board no
no no it's not and I'ma tell you guys
the truth you guys ready you're not
gonna tell no one you sure
all right this is the hundred-percent
truth I didn't hurt myself with
basketball I was at my girlfriend's
house and she beat me up until I hurt my
ankle
she just kept beating me up I didn't
know what to do that is not funny on
materials
guys this serious issue look at my leg
she beat me up as she hurt my leg I
don't know what to do huh huh you know
fire I'm gonna call right now you're
gonna fire you gonna speak to on the
phone
what about UCF you know fire
Marvin shioma she my girlfriend is
Chucky sister she's Chucky sister what
am I supposed to do she's Chucky sister
huh are you still gonna fire now I don't
know what to do like my legs like I mean
how am I gonna get new girlfriend from
she's the only one that I can have
Marvin who you mean superwoman why you
keep saying wonder woman her name is
that Wonder Woman is sometimes like I
get so scared because she hurt me before
on my arm then my thumb what happen I
can't throw in garbage that you're gonna
throw me garbage look what she did to me
look look seriously guys you guys gonna
help me out Superman
she won't be much my girlfriend and like
the other girlfriend that I have is just
giving me trouble and what am I supposed
to do you has the only people that I can
like what happen it's not a story I'm
telling you this is real real honesty
this is real this is real life I'm not
this is real life I took my girlfriend
don't go out doing this is real life
what should I do
you could go to have so many beer my
she's sleeping okay my girlfriend's
calling me hello what do you want
you heard what say yeah and Rima said
none of they're not gonna beat you up
they're not gonna beat you up guys talk
to toe you're not gonna be wrong okay
okay tell us something tell me something
- he's talking to you now say office
first I'm not that big you up okay okay
did they say sorry okay you gonna break
my other leg what am I supposed to do no
no she's gonna break my other leg what
am I supposed to do what am I gonna
shove you see my sister's a big boy she
must have asked you say yes Victor
different was it guys what I would
cesspool say yes little akiza's pulling
to it what i'ma do Lancome yeah
mother brothers not let him come cuz he
think I'm trying to scam for Z so come
so I want to go call CF but he still
doesn't want to come I keep telling him
it's a prank and it's a video and you
like no it's not rimas hair she changed
it looks really nice but she hasn't gone
straighten it out so it's not fully like
done I didn't know she was gonna do it
today look up look at me look at me
looks nice
do you want to change the color for it
what color I don't want to change it why
guys leave in the comments below if free
mom would change your hair color what
would you guys choose I'm trying to
imagine rimas a blonde more like light
pink what color pink pink what I think
pic will look nice on it Lindsey like a
full arm pink like all the way that
looks real dope you look really nice you
look like a superstar i Rima I'm gonna
give you three questions about me right
and if you don't get them right that
means you don't know me okay what's my
favorite color
I'm real good job
huh she knows all right what's it um oh
I don't know questioning when is my
birthday
thank you June what yes yes
to the June 2089
now you always had it you know what
young filthy don't do it
mmm I'll let her get that question right
because it's hard she's four years old
she said June so June 2018 I'm bored so
she got to write this last one you ready
where am i from
from what good job
Briana's got it right yeah you give me
three questions and I gotta answer about
you okay Vienna top my head do you like
my hair longer sup
honey that's like a question that anyone
can get right let's an opinion give me a
question where I can answer like do you
know about me well it wasn't easy
let me give me a question well my
birthday is coming your birthday is
August 30th yeah one plate okay another
question um do you know about me I love
that play back some more Columba little
you didn't play basketball cuz you a
little one make weight does not like to
wait long time ago like I know Pitt
basketball games room is so sassy look
at though she's talking like I never
played out some like what's wrong when
she lay oh my god yeah that was like I
can't blame asking mom I thought you're
tough you look like about the grow up
and talk like that cuz if you do maybe
that ratchet yeah that's like another
level Russia
I gave me another question um you know I
count to fifty one I got two questions
are over and I was walking outside and I
was chilling out shot the basketball and
I hurt my ankle
yeah man was crazy about how are you
I'm doing good I do get okay Muhsin all
right bye no matter how old the kid is
if he pretends to be on the phone you
better pretend to be on the phone we
pretend to shoot you with a gun you
better pretend to get shot hello hi how
are you alright guys it's time to wrap
up cuz well I hope you all enjoy this
vibe you did makes you give it a thumbs
up say thumbs up thumbs up you know
fella - that was up not I'm not saying
take care and peace I'm saying thumbs up
yeah thumbs up you got it look that
thumb thumb up thumbs up for the homie
Wesson thank you guys so much for Lumet
support and I'm so sorry of the vlog
we're just at home my leg was killing me
I promise tomorrow after tomorrow so
I'll try to go outside and have somewhat
fun vlog footage so other than that I'll
see you guys tomorrow
take care he's gonna know what to do and
peace what do you do after that no never
mind I'll owe you
