Oh get out get out the way
oh my god get out - we got it oh my god
get out
yes go
hey guys what's up ado me Aang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having a happy day so fun having a happy
day you all should be having a crazy
happy day today is July 4th if you guys
do not know what July 4th is July 4th is
the Independence Day of America so it's
going to be a crazy firework day I'm
going to be heading to Hamza's house
today
because I'm gonna go see some of the
fireworks go crazy so hopefully nothing
dangerous happen everything will stay
cool and stay calm eight I believe is in
Wednesday on Wednesday if you guys don't
know what it is to Muslim holiday it's
probably one of our only biggest Muslim
how they is 8 it's on Wednesday so I do
not people saying Tuesday Wednesday we
still don't know yet but I'm thinking
it's probably Wednesday I don't let me
know the comments below what day is it
because I always get confused today I'm
ready for it and I'll see you guys in
the next shot and Hamza's house so I
just met up with the house that happens
to come to us here myself
hello we just got a haircut mom I got
the fresh fresh could they finally got a
hairline man was Dominican Barbara
Dominican borrowers are the best
confident and I'm wearing a hoverboard I
don't miss it I'm Rufus Ola there was
one time a hoverboard era it means let
me so write it like everywhere but now
nobody buys it
I'm writing it cuz my ankle hurts
Haley's here say hello and it happens
that we got up to roof looking go
fireworks tonight yeah yeah people
yesterday oh I was going from our room
yeah we're gonna go to the roof tonight
right now we're gonna check it before we
flooded everything probably have our
food and break our fast we're gonna go
upstairs and see how it goes and move
then after that later night when I go up
to him I'm gonna go see some crazy
fireworks let's do this me up yeah
and finally made it inside the roof and
it feels so good it's a little breeze
feels so good if I work should be around
here a little bit is gonna be really
crazy really scary once again as I said
July 4th in New York City it's really
dangerous it was explosive in Central
Park like a homemade bomb as the media
said so New York City is going to be
like unlock them when I say lockdown
there's going to be the SWAT team
everywhere it's gonna be wild super wild
oh my god bro
one two three four five six seven seven
helicopters what the heck did he do was
going on this is crazy
I've never seen something like this in
my life that was crazy guys I've never
seen like that much helicopters at once
in the sky that was wild I'm sorry :
boom boom and around two hours it's
gonna get dark and it's gonna get crazy
so go well up it's again simple in my
account and submit
Instagram taquoia at help yeah Tyler
might be getting her Instagram
permanently deleted because she put he
supposed to be 13 on Instagram and then
she had it on 1993 and her older sister
told her for her real age which I do not
know why he related loving right it's
gonna know instagrams like that actor
right so holo
you're 12 you're not allowed either
singer - I'm signature new to Instagram
look at this email you see it like why
would you change your age Heine
you had it on 1993 oh my god this sucks
hums is on 34k and hanging it was on
halo was on like 20 30 K and this whole
thing is gone
Wow yes like your account is locked that
is crazy oh my gosh I'll help you out
mean Instagram got a nice connection so
they should help the Adams family so
it's Graham I'm counting on you
right now we're gonna go downstairs and
eat soup inside houses house cuz he
invited me thank you so much for
inviting me how do you tell your thing
right now Homs is doing something called
a lively and everyone is on here say
what's up what's up I love you so much
this is your time to say something say
hi we have spaghetti with cheese the six
odo
we got chicken fried Oreos sambusa
coffee we got a lot more coming through
so we're gonna see you guys after the
next shot oh and whoa I'm back in a roof
and it's literally pouring outside here
like raining so much I don't even know
if the fireworks together like go
through i'ma wait outside wait aside
like oh I gotta wait for fireworks are
supposedly starts at 9 p.m. I'm here
looks like a 55 p.m. right now I do not
know they're gonna continue the
fireworks because it's raining a lot but
America they're going to continue even
if it's snowing us Oh have some yellow
okay play with this into the fireworks
start hopefully he does only see you I
wanna show you guys
well it's so cool oh witness I dreaded
Secutor smiling soon as you're home
it's pretty nice winter time my name
John say the baggy sweater but oh oh my
god that gunshots are like oh my god
Queens and Long Island's over there then
over here is like toys Brooklyn
then over here is the city and towards
that way is New Jersey the sky is all
great this is crazy this is crazy guys
this year sucks the fireworks is even
going that much it's so far away I have
to zoom in for you guys see it so
hopefully they bring close ones so I was
wrong the fireworks start at 9:25 in the
city it's around 923 right now there's
two minutes until it's about to go down
so hopefully you can see it's pretty
scary two guys one minute one minute
Oh get out get out the way
oh my god guys we got it oh my god get
out yes and oh my god oh my god oh my
god
this is crazy oh my god Oh guys oh this
is right up oh oh it's coming to tell me
ah yo
ah this is little jet tub yo they
crazy
yo hey yo get my whole family's out of
it do me my whole family's on the floor
running with it cuz this thing could
blow you up oh my god guys everyone
legit right away this is so dangerous
I'm going down go down villains go with
you for new funding yeah listen brother
just as I came back but I'm hiding this
is why fireworks are illegal because
when you do it like near buildings and
people on the roof out here
we would like stuff can go on fire this
is why it's illegal we can really blow
up some stuff this dangerous dangerous
of us to even be out the rest of my
family ran downstairs
we were legit like on the floor
everybody went on the floor I just over
my camera no sort of recording of what
the hell is happening
it was wild I don't you ask here but the
police is coming they're gonna get the
person what was doing like everyone
around who's doing these fireworks they
get in trouble that's why it's legal
cause it can set stuff on fire it's not
good
guys meet Hanson Halen
we came back up I should be flattered
the police is coming right now this is
crazy guys this is so crazy
the firework supposed to do it is like
near the ocean ease into it
it's another illegal one but this one is
as close as the one that was close
before the one that happened before was
like literally like like it was in town
for a heads it that's how waka the one
this was supposed to be peaceful
you're supposed to hug in the kiss
during the fireworks for me to have that
or run guys he's doing it again
Oh another one is coming it's coming
it's coming
Oh
nevermind how's the catcher to vlog well
I did catch a fish this is crazy I'm so
scared are so dangerous I'm not doing
this I'm doing it to catch good footage
why I'm so dumb mama so dumb the things
I do for you guys
ya better thumbs out of the fear that
comes up no it's not it's easier than
going through all this you just got
downstairs and fireworks I'm gonna puke
here is still going on so crazy and I
think there might be a fire in one of
the apartments because we can smell so
much fire and we might even go out and
take a walk because I'm scared of
staying here if there's a fire in the
building but at the same time if you go
outside the fireworks are going on there
so it's like we're trapped
like we don't even know what to do it
we're triplet trapped right now because
you're not allowed to do fireworks this
crazy has to only be near like the ocean
or near but where the real independence
fireworks are doing it this is scared yo
this thing is crazy
OMG
alright guys I got my trainer Hamza here
he's gonna be training me this time and
he's gonna tell me what I don't know
what to do I'm just gonna use one hand
this how you work on your left hand to
get more fat like more power and like
work your left hand better I'm a righty
so I work on up 10 more I already yeah
Jack okay tap tap the tap of a cutout
dab dab dab dab dab dab dab dab dab that
tab dub dub scotch
ma-maybe top of the hint okay job your
face guys want to say my thoughts and
prayers and does go out to everyone
who's like suffering everything that's
going on in Turkey Bangladesh and Saudi
Arabia and Jeddah medina and many other
places going on like in the Middle East
is just seriously crazy even my country
Yemen so much stuff is going on and all
we can do right now is like make dot and
just give them a thoughts and prayers
today we're all in New York City hearing
fireworks and getting scared they're
hearing explosives and bombs and imagine
what they feel I'm scared of fireworks
imagine what they're feeling seeing
people die right in front of their faces
so I just want you all to like give your
prayers and thoughts to the families
that are like seeing this and everything
okay do me yeah I hope you all enjoyed
this vlog if you did make sure give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys for your love and support
as I said after I'm done I'll be
announcing a lot of huge big
announcements about where I'm going to
be at and our tank so make sure you guys
stay tuned for that but for now since
it's like literally around the corner LA
I will be in LA and beautycon LA
beautycon is like an events like VidCon
it's like playlist live but this one is
beautycon since I'm getting into fashion
I got a little surprise that day I'm
there
oh just oh yeah I'll show you as I'll be
announcing my fashion channel once I'm
there because beautycon it's all about
fashion so I'm gonna be announcing my
fashion channel there get ready for some
crazy crazy new stuff this is like a new
chapter so I can't wait to bring you
guys with me and I can't wait for you
guys to go on this journey with me is
gonna be amazing Charlotte I cannot wait
for I was gonna do fitness but then
there's too many injuries too many crazy
stuff too many violent stuff so I think
fashion for now I'm dead like I'm so
dedicated and passionate about fashion
so I want to get into it so hopefully
you all already beautycon make sure you
guys come through it's July 9th go to
the first link below if you guys are
around the LA area California area I
want every single one of you guys to
come through because it's gonna get
crazy and if you guys get tickets
comfortable gonna hang out throughout
the whole day I'm gonna be there
throughout the whole day a lot of you
guys in LA or something I never do
meeting Greece say I always do in New
York or like Bay Area or like London UK
Europe I never did LA so I met a lot of
guys in Atlanta you guys tell me doing
LA so this is the time come through it's
not just gonna be meeting great it's
gonna be a whole chillin greet this one
you guys do not want to miss it because
it's gonna be a whole chill out so come
through five with me a letch chill see
you guys tomorrow
take care o pitch I like
