hey guys what's up a new me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day I'm in a place from
Brooklyn do not know what area this is
cause you you know what area for this
whole house Williamsburg oh I'm in
Williamsburg I'm gonna go meet up with
some right now we're getting these
really dope rainbow bagels or colorful
bagels to eat for if not today but the
thing is those bagel spots closed really
early so we're gonna have to get the
bagels and then hold it for a couple
hours until we eat but let's see how
today goes so just line up with the
homies and some say what I've known
Eddie we're ordering our they don't have
the rainbow ones only have pinkish three
months already sold out because these
people got it last I'm supposed to get
it clip they have it right they see it
and they're eating it but means I'm
still ordered like a pinkish looking
one's really cool we're gonna have to
hold it because this place closes
five six pm so like that when I hold it
about time we're gonna open it up and
show you guys how it looks open it up
and see you wife it's cold right it's
really cool you're into sick so dude
this is so dope oh my god Wow what the
heck
this is the way I say we just left the
bagel store we have our colorful bagels
I'm so so excited to eat it but right
now we're gonna head to an arcade just
to kill time and hang out not even a
walk a we're going through slim said
this is a good arcade I don't know so I
heard about what happened in the UK I do
not know much about it but all I know is
that like some guy I don't know Nigel
he's like I don't know the way he's
acting he wants his country to be he
wants his the UK to be like have its own
self and leave the euro bas focus now is
he told me like all the information
about it and it seems to be really
really stupid cuz the pound rate is
dropping so much stuff is dropping stuff
we're going to be more expensive
everything's gonna be crazy the stuff
that's happening to you guys I feel like
it's going to happen to us
November 8th if Donald Trump becomes
president but if that happens we all
should unite I go to Canada you know
who's it Canada oh we gotta Canada
Canada has no one like Canada Chile
mashallah they're just you know enjoying
the life America we've been going
through a lot of like trouble you're got
to do Caleb Kennedy got free health care
if you fall in Canada and break your arm
they'll fix it off you in America if you
fall and break your arm
they'll fix it up for you but then they
give you a bill like $2,000 I hate you
gotta pay it's $2,000 your arm is
wrestling dude I was about to die you
gotta help me book hey oh my god how big
is that dog puppy Oh puppy thank you how
tall is it oh it's all I knew was
amazing it's really cool
oh you though oh my god wow you won like
scooby-doo shaggy we do Oh shaggy
roll that door the white guys like it's
just a puppy am i doing a puppy let the
freaking wild and we'll take it back to
the Silk Road okay let the friggin live
with it there's some so scared of dogs
walk by the fun that's not allowed gasps
a wolf again this door is Fox what is
like fly for know so Ivy just got here
yeah they have taupe games and it's like
a restaurant
it will be super smash me slammed about
the pleiades do say what's up
hi guys oh man what's good Oh
not a one
which other room I should know
in
yes go baby I sort of talked about
that's what I'll talk about so we just
left out our k spot was a dope dope spot
we played flight an hour now we have
another 40 minutes to go to eat rainbow
bagels
oh it's so like so impatient but was a
fun game him that little move was good
right you know he speak Arabic gang up
I mean otherwise he could speak it
advocates to get Arabic skills you know
he's picked me in everything I done said
have to show you the same principle that
I got a dude I wanna get the ding you're
mad we're I'm sorry the kids um they
even asked for the YouTube channel so
they're gonna see it
he's gonna say like it's a real charity
again because it was nice but he's -
he's too humble about like game and
stuff like that but when it comes like
basketball he talks a lot of crap
so with gaming he's like so home well he
doesn't say enough he says quiet and
just kills them literally but the people
I can watch this I'm sorry I promise I'm
not a douche
it was just I find it really funny I
were talking nobody had to set of it we
ganged up and we knew hooking to do and
we got it okay so let the break-up last
have water
iced coffee coming through so i'ma try
first bite here ready Wow
pink dangles
hi guys this has like the coochie soon
looks like frosting
well the other thing frosting
yeah like sprinkles in it I might try it
see if it's good
I do the same reaction with Ebro over I
don't know me it's really good
be honest yeah but you're not passing
anything oh this is that it's Maggie
oh I approve pigpig you prove everything
I approve no this is good just comment I
think this is really a little me--some
just got kicked out of starbucks while
we were breaking our fast we didn't get
to eat like much what all we did was
drink water before then we wait like
half of like the freakin the freakin
bagels and they're like I gotta leave
relative
what kind of Starbucks closes nine
o'clock oh yeah I'm afraid on a Friday
night with the heck in the literature
life and the crazy thing is they knew we
were fasting so I was like purposely
like they purposely kick this out man
now we got to go somewhere else to go
eat like my goats are a nice restaurant
we're gonna go eat and after that we'll
see what's up
so we just got done eating of that and
we are now in a place called Dumbo New
York cities in Brooklyn we're gonna go
explore some crazy crazy stuff in here
might be a little scary but hopefully
toys are great look at this amazing
amazing view this is New York City
so beautiful
I'm have to take a picture here we're
gonna be exploring some crazy crazy
stuff so I'm ready yeah
all these are doing it because you know
the general like that when drama behind
so that you know nothing will happen you
know I'm saying you should be good Oh
who's it again it gives you like green
eyes yeah you good
who's any phone call ID no freakin way
some look I'm not calling you all like
all oh no one Lancer
pick up bigger I'm scared
hello this is Adam
this is that him yeah no it's at him
notice slim now is that him hey this is
slim no it's Adam hey Sarina
No Mawson the slip
oh it was oh look at those our fans and
not like some been creeped out like they
made me feel better I felt like I was
something funny happen I know guys the
scariest thing just happen how do we
know we're slim somewhere some literally
ran away I don't know what is that but
there's a place I clear
there's ice it's frickin ice ran up ice
we kept walking then we see carrots like
random where is it
they're not even here no mouthing
rabbits ate or something but there was a
trail of like carrots but while walking
but then I went through this little like
well not yet it's not like a multiple it
was like a little hill I slipped and
fell on my butt's like straight about
but slim hit the dip I've never seen
super so bad after he thought I was
running behind him then he hit the dip
now I don't know where he's at I'm good
I think it's good hundred I'm looking
around like what the hell doesn't even
get to help
is a scary thing ever looking for
slumber slam
slim I here in Minot have a slim come
this way slim come this way there's a
fast job so scared
come this way I'm here come this way Oh
how'd you get yo positive got a person
slow oh yeah
where did you go on a freaking slip East
like that was a scariest and the
funniest thing ever
I have buns all over me shit damn it
shit right now the reason why I wasn't
scared cuz I was like some of that I'm
good I'm gonna good I busted my butt so
hard bro
oh my god buddy I thought he slipped
between Scalia ha splat Oh explore
nation if you guys want that give this
video thumbs up my slide and
Ghostbusters I'm not sure you get the
mood you're not doing it but not here
Belize become a flashlight
everything will be sick this place they
got evil rabbits you know the carrots
that you saw showed on your blog
yeah the carrots were gone rob is
definitely eating those carrots yes
scary row guys I know some pretty dope
spots in York City like like like that
abandoned places so we don't know what
I've heard or you know explore I like
exploring stuff you can lose you don't
mess around Adam I want one last one I'm
getting scared us all to see I'm a jumpy
person like anything I get scared so I
get scared mice a skilled job like jump
scares
what do you do the mini roller coaster
truck short people problems
and he can't go into this huh you're
like oh you guys what's the M&E roller
coaster oh you want it and he can't go
of it
boom
I got some time do me gang so the
funniest thing happened today I posted a
snapshot of me like a shown a preview of
today's vlog and the part that I showed
was saying like oh I have a girlfriend
and it just stopped like that so it
seemed like I had a girlfriend but it
was part of the part of the video that I
uploaded today so that literally I'm not
even joking one minute later someone
calls my mom and they tell my mom love
neeshub dish nish which means your son
come I got a plan he already has a
girlfriend
mobile phone oh hi dad she started
screaming to my mom and saying all this
crap and Ron was believing everything so
my mom believed everything she came into
my room she did not even question me or
nothing she literally got this nerf gun
and hit it like in my butt and it broke
like she broke a nerf gun on me cuz then
I snitch it's crazy how like and I feel
like that's not even my my shoe I don't
even think she's my mom's friend cuz I
asked my mom she's just random lady who
like barely even like speaks to my mom
but she rarely called just to say that
and it's crazy because I she uh she is
one of my fat well is she's one of my
family members like second cousins and I
don't know if she's watching us I don't
care to watches but you a fake family
member because all you do is point out
every little this is like the third time
she do this any little thing that I do
she points that out and says it like I
hate people like that man you need to
take the good out the positive out of
people don't take out the negative and
go complain and like you know some
people just like I don't know some
people take out all the negativity and
try to use that against you you know
what I mean or not but it really gets me
like it gets to me sometimes because
like why can't people just be positive
and take the get out but it's all good
in the hood if I find you you will
snitch snitches get stitches how the
saying but it's all good I forgive you I
forgive everyone I don't care I hold no
grudges on anyone I just do me and I
continue on doing me in Katoon I'm going
for it I have nothing against anyone no
grudges against anyone I forgive
everyone I'm just doing me and just
continuing with my life and focusing on
my life going up I'm not looking back at
nothing I'm not welcome back at her or
anyone so I'm continuing myself and I
want just you guys and make the world
smiles okay I do me anger it's time to
wrap up this vlog I hope you
all enjoy his wife you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey thank
you guys so much for your loving support
I will see you guys tomorrow do me a
take care and peace I like
