hey guys what's up you do me Aang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy positive day filled
with smiles so I seen a video of slim
where he did my daily Ramadan routine
something like that I thought was really
really cool so I'm gonna nominate and
tag myself to do that video so yeah I'm
the only person that can take someone's
video and just nominate himself yes you
do this all the time and this is what
I'm gonna show you guys of what my daily
routine not just I'm not but my daily
routine of what goes on in my life
behind the scenes and ever like that
this is what goes on oh my god but yeah
if you guys want to check out some video
it's in the link down below I'm gonna do
something similar to it right now so I
hope you guys enjoy it give it a thumbs
up and you guys are gonna see what I do
behind the scenes in what goes on I love
you and I'll see you guys into the next
shot
so I start my day off by waking up at
ham dilemma alarm clock wakes me up it
is really really loud then I start
looking for my phone because I love my
phone but then I see this random baby in
my bed I do not know who he is but I end
up kicking them off my bed because my
phone is much more important I gotta
look for it but then I find my phone I
go on Twitter and I look through my
matches and I see people tweeting me
telling me to I'm like who you know what
I should go back to sleep so I thought
my phone in the floor and I go back to
sleep but then I wake up again so I can
look for my phone once again and go on
Twitter I go on Twitter I looked at my
messages and I still see people saying
I'm on your way and I'm like hmm I
should go back to sleep so I thought my
phone once again and I go back to sleep
but then I hear like this weird
breathing sound and I look to the side
and it's Rima she is being super creepy
and I'm telling her what are you doing
here you get out she just stares at me
the thing with her she always loves
telling people first that I woke up I
seriously do not know what's so exciting
about me waking up because it gets
really annoying but I end up yelling at
my family and I end up kicking them out
after that I go and brush my teeth
because brushing my teeth is one of the
keys to success seriously good hygiene
will get you far in life so remember
guys brush your teeth twice a day
also don't forget to take a shower
because you want to keep every body part
really really clean and have good
hygiene then after that I upload my vlog
I make it public through my phone after
I make a public I have like this weird
superpowers where I can like disappear
that a lot of you guys know about so I
end up screaming really laughs so I can
disappear boom I disappear everyone is
always curious like where did I go but
what they don't know is that I'm
twerking in my room with Muhsin you know
just just having some family time
hanging out and just dancing and chillin
so while we're dancing my dad always
comes in he comes in at the wrong time
I tell him to calm down because he wants
to beat me up and I'm looking at Muslim
I go man defend me this dude is not
doing anything then we start having a
big argument mean Mawson because he
didn't defend me and I don't like when
people don't defend me but claim he
loved me so I start telling must a man
chill out relax and he stops beating me
up he seriously beats me up after every
single argument but then I try to kick
him out but he doesn't want to leave the
only
he leaves when I tell him that tiny Nick
was coming for him so he runs away he
tries to come back once again that time
tiny Nick was coming then he runs away
again he ends up coming back to my room
crying I feel so so bad I never give him
a huger job because he like seriously
the love of my life
I love must and I start teaching him
some manly stuff but you know what you
need to man up you need to be good I
start saying it's him those tears let me
wipe them away and he feels so much
better it's a smiley bath he smiles he
hits me like dude man one thing that I
love doing if my family is teaching them
I love teaching them every single day
something new because I feel like I have
a responsibility where I have to like
teach them something every single day so
when they grow up they can be really
really smart and shallow they get really
impatient with me because I start
talking so much so Rima gets up and just
smacks me so hard so I can shut up
Mawson looks at her and he copies what
she does he gets up and smacks me once
again but he's double the trouble he
smacks me twice one thing you guys don't
know is that Rima always tells me she
seriously forces me to vlog her because
she loves vlogging so so much but I
can't look happy when she hit me so she
tells me hey okay okay okay so I'm
forced to be happy in front her because
Rima forces me to be happy and if I
don't share that beating me up so I say
some amazing stuff by on the vlog so she
can feel good but when I shut off the
vlog and I say on to the next shot she
seriously beats me up once again and I
tell a chill and I get a lot of work but
mustn't tries to defend and he tries to
beat me so then I end up beating them up
because I get really really angry my dad
comes in and is so scared I tell him
it's not what you think that it's not he
ends up yelling at me so loud because he
loves mustn and Rima so much he
threatens to throw stuff at me and I'm
like dad chill man we're cool beans
we're cool beans just you know relax he
has a throne whatever object he sees
next to me throws it at me so I get on
the phone with a special person because
she makes me feel so much better and
this special person is my girlfriend yes
I do have a girlfriend and I always
express my feelings and I always tell
her I love you I need you to bond a
serious not one thing that I love doing
is praying together with my family
especially with the little ones I always
want to keep them close to Allah then
after I finished praying with my family
I take off my fob then I head to my room
so I can read the Quran the Quran that I
read is around 50 years old it is my
dad's Quran and it's like a codon that's
always passed down from my grandpa to my
dad and he passed it on to me so I
always read with
it then after I finished reading I go
back and I put it to a spot where it
belongs I checked my Twitter mentions
once again I see people tweeting me the
vlog then boom boom boom I hear a door
and it is my mom my mom yells at me she
tells me to go pray and I'm like mom I
did go preach like no you're not you're
on your phone I'm like mom I don't have
to go pray funny she's like go pray
right now I'm like mom I already prayed
okay go pray extra credit so I'm like
okay fine I'm gonna go pray again so I
go pray and I change my phone once again
and I literally pray extra credit
because my mom didn't see me praying so
this time that I got pray I'm praying
for her to see she sees me praying and
she's happy one thing that I do love
doing especially after praying us is
working out and I work out with a muscle
on my back because I use him as you know
my gym instead of going out to the gym
but I get so tired specially Ramadan and
I guess so thirsty when I look at muslin
drinking his milk so I come up with this
plan but this plan needs to go well so I
open the door and I'll make sure that no
one's looking I closed the door and I
take my son's milk and I drink it
because I was so so thirsty I'm just
joking there's this thing that I do with
my family it's called the Yemeni roller
coaster where I flip them around on the
bed for a long long time but then after
a while I get really tired especially
that is Ramadan so I'll tell the kids
I'm like you guys you know I'm tired you
guys need to chill out but they beat me
up and I'm like chill man like I just
gave you guys like a mini roller coaster
you guys were here beating me up I get
my outfit of the day ready my sneakers
my jacket my shirt my hat my pants I put
on my jacket and my hat rimas a-after
love putting on my sneakers and they
love it when I vlog with them before I
go I seriously love my family so so much
even if they beat me up so many times I
love them so much because they love you
guys they love a do me game that's how
it looks when Muhsin kisses the camera
to do me a and this how it looks when
I'm vlogging in my room seriously guys
one thing that I learned is that family
lasts forever so always keep a family
first and I do me game you guys are my
family I love you
you
we're heading tie off for iftar samosa
like the sleeps I'm holding
we're going to have a table for 15 not
even joking Table four
because we have a lot of people so we
all just got to IHOP and our drink ski
20 minutes early you have to stare at
this 20 minutes which is like and
Reema's eating oh she's doing it to
rubbin my face you eating mozzarella
sticks my food comes in like five
minutes we have to wait to stare at food
no Pepsi not good for kids so I got me
some eggs and cheese with butter
pancakes of butter you got five minutes
ago you know brother we can die all the
time to go faster so dessert as long as
you guys huh oh whoa
we sure he's doing what's wrong
with you I got a pacifier who's good
who's gun is this is yours you know you
get in trouble for this all right do me
swag god Abbi don't
these batteries use the batteries as
bullets instead of the nerf just do
these as batteries as bullets instead of
the nerve you're gonna hurt someone free
with that okay guys I am right now with
and Lima say you gotta say a whole
government name yourself what'd he say
how solid this is the solid I'm gonna
show that hey look if you guys keep
messing we do magic trick and make you
guys disappear so don't do that okay
right now what I'm gonna do you see this
quarter I'm gonna make this quarter
disappear skin advantage you guys are
ready to see it don't you put your hand
on it chef say abracadabra I will behead
your mum Pina let me see abracadabra
like a damper yeah Steph we're hands
again say I am ratchet I am laughing we
had on it I am watching okay guys ready
that's it it's gonna work this magic
trick ready oh my ah oh my
some funny sweet guys you guys are gonna
vanish if you guys keep making fun of
this match ready
sad look at because look I read look at
the corner look at the quarter I guess
quarters finish Oh gone you must see
yeah you know amigos vanish alone and
I'll make you guys vanish somewhere you
guys will not want to be pretty much
first we must stop don't worry
well that it goes like this are you
gonna vanish to check these house that's
it
I'm joking I'm joking I'm joking I'm
joking I'm joking I'm joking
I'll check it out is he doesn't house
listen mas house go real ago first one
so you wanna go money on my dad's
mansion yes see this quarter you aunty
look closely
yeah because la notte let me show you
let me show you don't touch the magista
stuff you know I know Maggie continued
my dad knows everything already look at
this seriously nice one to mother oceans
I'll pin you everything ready set oh boy
no no no myself up okay to take two
style for him yeah
okay you and your negative because I'm
under let's see my daddy something says
he claims he claims him with my buddy I
why you always had I'll be me in boxing
literally now you always want to
somebody here hit the head up oh I lose
my cool I'm going in here okay okay let
me show you the mat you go like this
goes wait for it yeah make this
disappear ready it's gonna vanish
all right look at the phone you have to
say selfie look up there you guys look
up availa go look up look up now tap it
up down no no oh I'm a definite I'll
even well it does the opposite I'm doing
he didn't jump trick him okay he looked
at sign me you look that side then 1 2
video motion legal all right do me gang
it's time to wrap up this blog I hope
you all enjoy Y if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up thumbs up thumbs up
thumbs up and thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so much how you just like
my dad like that
ok I hope you all enjoy this video I'll
see you guys tomorrow do me a and take
care FSA peace like AP both at assembly
hello you're feeling he's always I see
