that you're not yeah with me I'm right
here I'm right here
hey guys what's up it do me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
a happy smiley positive day while we're
smiling it is day 5 day 6 I don't know
of vlogging while being disabled but
hamdullah it's like 70 80 % recovered
so after maybe like a day or two my life
should be completely fine to go well not
completely fine but completely fine for
me to go I know doctor said 10 days but
scooter doctor one thing I want to do
today is something with Muhsin I did
this to Rima about maybe two three years
ago and I want to do it again with
Wilson maybe do member what I did the
Drake thing to you and I put marker all
over your face and I gave you a beard
how is that was a fun now imma do it on
Mawson but I don't have markers on me so
I need to get markers I do not have
black markers so Mawson go out and give
me markers okay thank you my son may she
get the black ones okay the black ones
Muslim the black ones okay
nah
thank you so much to the homie Muhsin
for going outside and bringing markers
funny thing is he brought markers for
himself he doesn't know that it's gonna
go on himself so you ready Wow are you
ready are you ready muslin say yes say
yes actually me give me a mustache first
so I'm also got a mustache first now
we're gonna fix up his little goatee
ready for the goatee yes you said yes
Cole T's coming
fresh go to you
first cut not feeling well huh mother
sleeping we sleep this is gonna sleep
this is not a massage for you to sleep
you get a beer muscle after he sees us
in the Mary's gonna wake up and be like
what the heck is that
you're ready to see yourself baby drink
babe look at that fresh sovereign oh my
god who's here he's looking at he's
looking this the funny is they go hey
listen I'm sorry no cuz that is nothing
just a few it's just a beard
Merson is just a beard you're older now
you're my boss and you're my age now
you're not we're twins this shuttle
removing this is away it's not we're
good we're twins like cheese we're
twinsies I took it off him it looks like
he just shaved he's so sleepy I froze
over everything I'm gonna put him to
sleep this is how you put a baby to
sleep baby masoom are soo happy
happy massive baby happy beam awesome
boss and happy having a beam or santa
baby has a beard
Ruby I look 22
what's up we are in this city with the
homie yo I got it I got I got a question
for you guys tonight
okay let's go to something here oh you
could barely see it okay let me know in
the comments below what happened over
here if you guys know you know I'm I'm
gonna show some of it right what
happened over here so can you see look
this is all of this I'm gonna show
around right here - oh ah ah you can
really see some of if anyone gets the
right you realize it's a throwback Josie
yes it's float overhead I was getting
what I would like to get some dessert I
wanted the best dessert spots here in
you astray thank you so much this is one
of the best iced coffees in New York
City to lay these right there
since when Thomas a how taste objects
really it's like money if you're having
a home movie
they've got big ones coming through
right here I got a bagel butter
chocolate doughnut the bagel cream
cheese chocolate chocolate doughnut
cream please
you know so we are out here chillin in
the city we just had our coffee cakes
chocolate cake stuff like that we just
had a long meeting with ourselves a
little vlog meeting video YouTube
meeting with ourselves just talking
about what we're gonna do in the future
and it is gonna be crazy what you guys
have seen the past six months with the
Scandinavia tour the everything we've
done like it's literally nothing
compared to what we're about to do in
the next couple months Allah so
hopefully it goes one I cannot wait to
like announce everything for you guys
because you to occur see YouTube right
now is like YouTube is the new what is
the future yeah YouTube YouTube is
bigger I'll have dish number I'll use
dish in one what I'm able no whatever it
is I'll use cable and open up my TV but
Allah stability is there anywhere it's
awesome
that's what YouTube is like the next so
and you can do whatever you want like on
YouTube without anyone tell me you what
to do what say you're not controlled so
on YouTube you do anything so we're
gonna be filming a lot more new stuff
for you guys a lot more new content
coming for you guys
she'll be filming tomorrow so hopefully
turns out great even while we're fasting
in the film and it's crazy no Milan's
coming to an end but eat is coming
through have you guys gotten your great
outfits enough I'm not a way to get it
what do you wanna wear a suit so Nikki's
going to sue anyone huh I don't know
when I go shopping Saturday I don't I
don't
oh I don't I wear a shirt like all
ripped up and shit no York style know
that that's my fashion bro yeah I guess
I don't know we're gonna wear they out
first but that's bad buy my white
t-shirt hole cut up and shit I so mean
to keep our planning on growing our
beards I look it looks may look small
but calling these watches it's gonna
grow to be bigger much ready to look
legit comb it's gonna grow even more
let's do it like a no shave year where
woody now it's November I've been a
notion of about like a notion of
holistic see what do you guys think do
we do it let me know in the comments
below I'll do it leave it a comment keep
beard and grow it and see or trim beard
let me know in the comments below I want
to try something new because I'm young
right now so like you want to try a
longer it up Zod I'm Adam
some show you them one day hit ya there
babe right now one day when they go a
majestic beard growth plans be a sports
and my majestic more majestic you know
what do petition just jesting means like
I like history
thank you thank you yeah let me know
could you go up here timaya gonna be are
you going to use a different look you
never noticed my ears aside cutters hair
oh my you're not beating those I like my
ears okay nice a birthday would you say
even though you know it the rose give
some of y'all like a salad is is is
great fun days come√∂ full-time no I'm
like show like I like a mom like he like
Cena's up yeah dear Louisa what is this
Moses Oh what is that lets you would a
beard huh you like it
look your face the Goofy's huh you mean
enjoy you another beard ah yes
did that mustn't no word we'll see on
the next episode of Adam Safi vlogs show
them what I taught you
oh oh you know pleasure together okay
hands up hands up okay show okay okay
chill don't hit me
it's kind of a bad thing teaching him to
fight because he says hitting me what's
a good thing cuz he protects himself
okay move backward you don't hit me you
hit whoever you know trying to fight
goal I just hands up
yes just like that keep going
ready Wow come on swing oh you said yes
the gun let's go Mawson yes yes you got
to go
oh not like that not like that okay do
me Ganga is time to wrap up this vlog I
hope you all enjoyed this vlog if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey
thank you guys so so much for your love
and support every single day it truly
means the world I am working so hard and
like giving you guys the best content
every single day on the vlogs on my main
channel on literally everything and
filming many many more for you guys a
lot of surprises coming soon I have a
couple surprises for these cities for
now that I will be announcing after
Ramadan they are to buy I like saying to
Bey - by the way - by the way I was mrs.
dubaye that's I say I'm like Arab like
Aris ow don't seem to bi-cyclic a happy
book hey over here how do you get ready
have a fanny org my dad's like from
Austin while I was vlogging but hey man
he's sleeping yeah but your first happy
bees awake no saying Dubai's first one
to me
sorry welcome home device the first one
then it's Toronto that's not in the
right order but like I'm just saying
Dubai Toronto Michigan Montreal and a
secret city that I won't be announcing
I'll just pop up there so be ready that
seeking city should be really dope and
I'm so so excited also I want to start
something real new which is something
has do with fashion cuz you guys if you
guys don't know I love my fashion no
lovin so I want to start something new
like fashion cuz I love fashion
what do you think about that if I could
do man you love fashion - yeah thank you
so much but what about Matt do you like
my fashion yeah is it good look at uh
nice hat oh yeah I like it
I have a choice either a fashion or
finish a no but I'm thinking fashion cuz
my leg is injured and I don't wonder
like I wanna lay off sports for a little
bit so I'm gonna do something fashion I
want to do while I'm young I don't want
to be older but an American high you
calm down no yes ho hey do me a gun okay
no rock rock I'm calmed up there I could
do it I'm the khaki Osama know what
anyways you didn't you don't - no no
what what I did panty
why are you ready it's part of my ankle
he's a mom - yeah I'm not gonna do
nothing like no sports sports I'm laying
off I'm doing
like I want to do like I want that
second field I'm talking to you - come
on Debra do Oh No
okay how could you okay okay good
capture drink I feel like it you don't
like it when I've broken as I was saying
a dooming egg I hope you're all ready
because I'm planning on launching my
fashion channel because I want to show
you guys what's in my closet what's in
my sneak election just a lot of fashion
cool dope stuff so I'm gonna do while
I'm young before I get older cuz I wanna
oh I don't know I have an opus a million
over the TV
I really can't turn on the TV well that
keeps cutting me off man Bubba continue
talking so hope you already do me a kiss
it's about to get real
hey you're home hey your mommy
looks like yo I want to do a lot of
crazy I want to show you guys like a fat
shaming with babies like Munson the
fashion with old people like my dad
watch me he's really young he's 25 or 26
56 56 yeah you just you just took away
ten years he just took away ten years
wait I got I want to saw something like
that while I'm young before like I get
older my great good 23 net handle
asshole I'll see you guys tomorrow do me
hope you guys ready for all the
announcements coming soon I'll see you
guys tomorrow
take care and hey what is it even hail
of demon I'm here lucky a reveal a you
guys be back - hey love you guys guys
take care I'll see you guys tomorrow
face always a favor I promise you that
those tears let me wipe them away I know
you'll be okay that's what you used to
say thumbs up and subscribe
