you're breaking your fast after you have
a day you are good job rimas fasting
half a days
hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day holiday happy a
hot day right now we are heading times
this house because I want to fly the
drone I've never flew drone anyway I'm
not even good at it
I'm not even know if I'm allowed to fly
it in that area so I'm gonna go to
houses roof to fly the drone let's see
how it goes I don't think I'm gonna fly
it I think one of my friends he's gonna
flight his name is his name is Adam
Mawson yeah yeah Saleh are you fasting
yeah okay my bad
I was asking you a question I can't ask
you a question - yes yeah well hey I was
only your son Bo it's crazy
look I what happened love he listens to
you no de say I love mama Adam Adam I'm
sure he goes buddy he listens to me in
Arabic - we say hi Allah said mustn't
listen a little baba see he listens even
he knows how to hear in Arabic you know
I'm missing English on me
hey Baba the here Muslim give me my hat
back say he loses - I wasn't um say
English are you listening okay let me
just give Baba a kiss he did it are you
smart was it why I had to get lot of me
I wanna be I just want to be friends ape
tell you son stuff that I swear I fight
him because no that's not fair he always
gets like no he gets more like the other
day
Muhsin through my dad's iPad out the
window let me do the iPad out the window
and with my - look at what was what it
what
my iPad is a single throw out the window
again this is throw that window
he's like a Billy my dad did not say
your thing did not say nothing but if I
wear my slippers in the house my dad
will literally choke Sammy beat me up
like I want my equal rights
I want my equal rights listen he threw
an iPad at the window the iPad luckily
survived and it's normal cell
Abin was an iPad Mini 60 64 gig but was
it good so good you didn't break wow
they're very good that's not fair
I want my equal rights guys it was still
open maximum good ol dick okay what did
you saying okay boy you get it you
wouldn't win dollars only room in the
bust oh yes
we get to avoid out Mohsen spirit like
that way that you get it are you ready
for this
I never Timmy know these kids are so
crazy
oh my god mother give her like the John
Cena at you oh oh oh the fuck niggas
sister here a canto Boston trying to
help his sister pulling me okay chill
let's do it yeah yeah okay just okay
what's it say villain yo alright guys so
about to go upstairs to the roof this
week and fly the drone we got the whole
family here whole family here and we
have another number that of families
recording for us but she's never seen
and we're on the move in the roof and
we're gonna fly the drone so I don't
even know for a loudly even like fly the
drone here because I don't know it's
like a lot of rules pushing Manhattan
but it seems like a reasonable area to
buy drove here I don't know but I won't
get in trouble because I'm not doing it
Adam up seen a Sox win it
and we will fly the drone we will see
how it goes it's really different drugs
move glass like really really fast
because it's drone racing these or
people erase with these shout-out to TRL
drone racing the flap of the felicitous
which is already or by the way sir
OOP
here that you got to be careful do not
put your hands in here any kids around
stay far far away anybody who puts their
hand here your finger will get cut off
this view do not put your finger Boston
do not put your finger no no fingers
don't fingers
hi guys first I'm trying
Oh
the back the back
Oh
you good
for life this pleasure
the thing is the thing is so bad sword
ready let's do this
backstep everyone just runs away all I'm
doing to smile oh darling look at Abe it
was admirable hide behind it
does that idle to seek I'm gonna do it
like
oh yeah
I flew together I don't know for a good
life a goodness Logan an example cut off
the trees I would never give this I take
it this is dangerous this is bad this is
horrible you do not know kids down
difficut imagine that fluid then it
falls over the roofing like they could
fall on someone that I know in Africa
backyard I was just scared
so a fan just gave muffs and so many
kisses on the cheek I feel so bad let me
let me see you right chica me so we are
back from flying a drone Hilah the
camera that I gave her where it takes
pictures like these she's about to take
a picture of me and her she already has
a picture of Mawson right here and
another picture of Rima hold on is so
cute in this one mosun is so adorable
was it he look so cute Haman hey Jimmy
always like you I have to say you look
cute guys I'm gonna give away which one
shall I give away one I'll give a
mussels one to anyone who thumbs up this
vlog and comments below I will choose a
person from the comment below tomorrow
and you will win this picture of muss
and he'll sign it right now must have
come mostly cus on your face
oh hi guys so mustn't designed it was
horrible horrible signing we're gonna
give it away he's looking at himself at
me very cute very cute baby baby baby
baby baby baby crew like this okay I
can't get the picture what is he doing
hi guys I'm giving away so make sure you
leave a comment and thumbs up this vlog
we're about to take the picture guys
ready one two push we're gonna look back
at this picture ten years from now we're
gonna be like hey this is dope now we're
going to say hey night isn't good
photographer that's really yeah why not
we're gonna say wow how's it used to
look like DJ college good no that's a
good thing that's a good thing I'm
saying used to us at used to hide oh man
play
go on go Muhsin don't be bad don't be
bad why did you say no - yes take your
faso que paso say te amo mucho Mucho say
merci beaucoup say je t'aime beaucoup -
Ana bed back and then I have that kind
of bad say Waku July so we gonna eat
Indian cooler for if that tonight are
you excited
say yes good finally sickness his dad
went to the bathroom but he's fine
Mama's gonna kill happy be doing Baba's
ela come out promise I promise I promise
he's gonna fuck Mama's coming he's
coming out don't let him use the
bathroom I said is type of baby to cry
whenever his daddy's a daddy's boy
there's quite a few like crazy okay do
me Ganga it's time to wrap up this vlog
I hope you all enjoy his bike if you did
make sure you got a thumbs up and go
Turkey I will see you guys tomorrow
tomorrow should be a nice fun day and I
did a prank on my dad today but I'm not
gonna say any of what I did I'm gonna
wait a little bit and let you guys know
tomorrow but now see you got small take
care fish I like
