Oh
I love my uncle I'll hit the best slim
brother he said Jim's gonna win I know
Adam is gonna win regardless do it for
me Rima and the doing I love you
hey guys what's up you do me hanging I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing that you all should be
having an amazing amazing day right now
I am Chelsea Piers right here I did a
little five-minute periscope just a
surprise just to see like how many of
you guys came first I went our periscope
to tell you guys the match is happening
today is after us right now and you know
how I am with like after us and the
formula that's the time why like like I
workout we're crazy or play basketball
whatever but we're still deciding either
to play now or to wait and eat and then
play after have done but if we play
after after we can't watch the
basketball game but we play before we
can watch the bass little bit basketball
game so I'm thinking we might just play
now and then after that we'll watch a
basketball game team slide I'm all the
way whoever wins or loses I'm going to
try my best if I lose and the Warriors
lose tonight I'm gonna be so so mad if I
lose and the war is win then I'm gonna
be so happy but if I win and the Cavs
win then I don't mind us hopefully
worries take it tonight and hopefully
I'll take it tonight we'll see how it
goes I'm waiting for slim right now also
I'm waiting trying to keep the referee
he's gonna go he's literally gonna go by
a referee shirt so I'm waiting over here
they're gonna be in around 5 to 10
minutes and ready to play the game so
slim finally came through 20 minutes
later the game is about to start what so
wait how the players here with the
referees I'm here the referee should be
a cutter happen
the commercial is on yeah but it keeps
gonna come through with his referee
outfit should be a nice fun game should
be a nice and I hope he finds one though
should be a nice game we'll see how it
goes
ready in turn on my Jersey and
represent or is something representing
Cavs see how it goes
I don't know why I feel like one of
those losers who wear it like wears like
the whole like basketball outfit to play
basketball but I'm ready what game
should be fun what is it what Vince is
doing you very you know muscles let me
show you old muscles
oh we must win we're ready I miss his
gym so so much I see the boxing gym I
Taylor I miss it so much then if I lose
we hit in the boxing ring bro yeah I'm
not about how you're gonna win but you
the basketball is my support to us not
head-on so it's your side sport see this
Theresa one place cuz you need to put
some respect on my name that's it so not
basketballs it out to size Nana new
customers like our money and Curry's
name bro you don't put myself on
instinct I said first I got away you
never respect my name put some respect
on my name
we're playing while we're fasting so it
can be a pretty pretty tough game but so
I'm gonna give you a nice fun game let's
see
hello sir
hi to the world now all right owls you
guys call yourself until you sure not
the ugly Wilshire not have shoot it in
I'll go out you guys for travels you
guys
I saw clean one on one I will do it but
this is popper
I'm over stuck
 money put some respect on my
name
I'm just shivering how thirsty low
because how thirsty hungry huh guys I
told you all that you guys down guy what
some respect on my name this was the
craziest game of my life seriously the
craziest game of my life I gotta give
props to my mind slim but now you have
to put some respect money I'm telling
you sir you got to put some a strike on
in I love you I don't care I love you I
love your sis I'll just pay the sitter's
you clean this out first out of seven if
you want whatever game you would
whatever you want I'll give you a
rematch we'll do it we'll do it bro I
love you go put some respect on my name
have a good one thing we're
what's your room
Oh once I'll play three row you don't
give me some effect I'm shooting from
back yeah bro
this is like and bi screams left by the
time this is NBA three let all ones at
the coop adorable but you're worried
about your lips it's like it's like my
rules I live about to go I am so tense
in Syria see guys the hardest thing is
playing basketball I'm fasting because
at one point when we never plane we're
so she about to die like I don't if you
guys can see what we lay that were like
if like we're like dead like dead fish
is we're about to die like literally die
so so hard or so dangerous let's go
curry yes let's go baby
the people we have obvious oh man I love
you so much Ashley I was upset at this
hour so don't be able to he's I thought
annoying upset but he says a lot of and
I push it's always team Salado this is
like thing and I'm saying like what it
is a quickly thing but I just got back
here so much for now you know knows why
I was a kid but I saw her I never news
like that yeah you know what what is
about you you like you can't take a loss
and you need to be like man up and take
a loss and I'll say I put some respect
I'm a basketball name but still at end
of the day like in so Seattle wants
another game of your series going to
rematch me argument at a three I'll give
it to but the only thing is if you win
one I would you to never get away I
could I see myself as better than you
you can't you can't see that today would
like you have the but you still don't
post some respect on my name put
somebody's neck on you play good well uh
but I felt like those five shots a lot
what about a row of three broke I mean
in a row that's not like we miss instead
of roids legit just broke my fast like a
gallon of water and now we're gonna be
eating at the spot right here
it's a nice long finally eating and
baking off fast about 30 minutes late
we got the time the left its upset
so war is lost Mangala I'm really really
sad when my respect goes to the
Cavaliers and also my respect to the war
is to both teams they did an amazing
amazing job they fought they put their
passion in it they did crazy LeBron like
LeBron had a killer game he promised
Cleveland that he's going to give them a
ring and he gave them a ring but also
Warriors had they had the best worker
right now the best record of NBA history
overall the 70 years over like the 70
years so respect to the wars and respect
to the Cavs guys walking around like
this right now like me with this stuff
courage and with LaVon Jersey like we're
best friends but we're walking around
with the team that like or any reason so
everyone's looking at us like what the
hell slim that's your boy then that's
some school sponsor
as it would be should I kept your pink
hair for some exact numbers man yeah
that's what my brother at the line
O'Mara he just made one David I was
having a bad day but it's all good out
happy a nickname Benjamin's about having
a good day you should be having we've
been the one yeah I come to it what's up
but always why I got so far
yeah yeah so again this is the dopest
thing I've seen it's all who did it
yeah we know this to be immaculate
Bombay and we're putting it on over mini
mine Oh Marshall I want to go to
Jordan well Jordan shout out the door I
do who gonna be on YouTube
Alex thanks bro that's amazing this is
the main man the artist mark the Arab
Muslim man made this for anything my
wife you like it
and the man
but if you want to say masha'Allah Malak
mashallah let's respect hello thank you
today's special three days finish what
you want to say oh go to any psychopath
vodka any hydrous palette HK and I
IH IH o antenna sidewalk up any several
car comm check it out guys y'all go see
it right there
Casey all my work plumbing I've been
doing this for
I shall know nice they can all check you
out do me gang go check you up yes I
think out mama so guys that was amazing
our man and it's crazy our Muslim did
that so make sure you guys check out his
website and I just want to plug in his
website because he literally got
talent's been doing it for 30 years so I
want you guys to show them love strong
that boo me giggle of me put this thing
I say put the secret war in there bro
these guys it
boys gonna force fall in this one as far
as far as what no way yeah I'm holding a
snake I'm holding this thing what is do
not taking the snake yeah oh ma boy yeah
Reema guess who won the basketball game
I want everyone I want River yeah one
minute I did it for you you did appear
so do you do cuz we mom a lot of people
thought I'm not a ballplayer they
thought I'm just a boxer but they need
to know that I'm a ballplayer too
they need puss and respect my name but
it was a good good game we won oh my god
guys thumbs up thumbs up for victory and
for slim not putting respect on my name
Fred I said what symbol down he think
I'm gonna win but I said you did that he
said that and who do you think you was
who's gonna win
what did you think yeah oh what it says
Siri what are you uh thank you so much
room have fun I love you so much for
loving thumbs up for victory
slim he's still not putting respect on
my name but it was an amazing amazing
game he should I at least put a little
respect on my name's Sam I'm a bball
player but was a fun fun match handle
everything well still team slide them
all the way and yeah I had an amazing
time thank you guys so much for loving
support I hope you guys enjoy this all
fondness all it's all fun so one you
want a biscuit mmm
you want a biscuit yeah well yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed it I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care ern P I you I love you it's
like
