you want to sit a mile up your daddy's
girl yes
haha say yes you're still you still my
baby all right
okay here booger now I'm a big girl a
booger I'm a good girl
a booger thank you Dad but hey guys
what's up into me gang I hope you are
having an amazing name because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing special day it's like we was
been waiting her whole life too big
my dad is not today my dad's off hey mom
is clubbing in the back this is my
youtube channel not yours so today we're
gonna be doing a challenge video and
this is the first time ever that I'm
gonna be doing a challenge video with my
older brother Rhea was not supposed to
be in it she just like invited herself
no one wanted you ah so the challenge
video goes something like this so you're
gonna go to the app you hype up I'm in
the UI bar you have you have your new
shit tested right out of here you don't
got it you believe in this this is my
app that I've been working on you know
got the app if I see you download a
right now oh it broke oh yeah he's a
true brother he's a true and he's a true
brother he got the oh my god I got on my
iPad I got on my laptop I got dreama's
iPad I got in the real guru every video
Reema is on her iPad because she wants
to do the same thing we're doing but the
challenge video goes something like this
and it's gonna be really really fun for
this battles in a lot of categories that
you guys may like this battles or you go
on battles also there's a leaderboard
where shows like you know the top the
top you know the top people over there
so it goes like this so we're gonna go
to a category at me and my older brother
are gonna have to guess which person or
which topic or anything is in the
leaderboard so let's say one of the best
singer category and we see Selena and
Ariana one of us have to guess who do we
think is higher ranked and deletable
and when we check on the leaderboard
whoever's more to the top and got it
right the other person has to do it
their mom is asking me if she can walk I
guess she's had oh he's hello Jennifer
that's the most you guys are gonna get
you guys gonna see my mom's shadow which
category when he goes okay so the first
category is sports
so the first battle is oh like Steph
Cara looker yeah you already know who am
I gonna choose this is LeBron baby
LeBron Steph Curry and I'm choosing
stuff hurry if stuff Korea is in the
beer on my stuff Korea is in the lead I
would be so so mad why I avoid yeah
every are your fun all right so the
leaderboard is number one is Michael
Jordan number two is Kobe Bryant number
three is also Kobe right number four is
LeBron Jay
and number five is Steph Curry no but he
left captain I'll also miles or brother
gets to give me a dare make sure is good
huh okay I do to get slapped by Rima
three times well I get slapped by Rima
in like a daily basis so I should be
like used to it but haven't gotten
stopped for so so long really really
gonna do it
rebo's yes all right ready huh guys I'm
scared she got heavier for the past two
months she got like much much heavier so
her like slaps again IRA let me like
ready three times three three nine three
time all right
go oh boy I just seen my life flashed
through my he can't get the damn I got
it there I should tell my mom's likes my
mom's like stalking us right now is he
brought a headache Ola beside go two
more ah all right all right go go oh
okay so this is best countries on the UI
path and the battle is Yemen vs.
Pakistan which are the things on the
leaderboard Yemen I think to goddess
Pakistan is on the leader board because
Pakistan is Mathies it's more people
there's more Pakistani people so I
believe maybe Pakistan is on the leader
board even though you know representing
yeah man you don't saying the number one
on the leader board is Turkey then it's
Yemen and then after that number 14
is package that I lost against humans if
it is double su oh my god cause of
impact studies me let me down man I was
rooting for you guys
please rigor good please we dare you to
get a cup of toilet water no not not not
a toilet no the tires are not a toilet
not a toilet night night I'm gonna have
to go get a cup first and go you know
and get the word from the toilet just
pour any so oh my god oh all right fine
and don't and don't do on your mouth
it's not gonna make it different than
tomato what I'm a freaking head nasty
nasty blah blah I initially wanna go
with him
yeah remark Oh become overweight I
cannot believe in doing this man I
cannot believe you this M you sure yeah
gonna have to do it alright so this is
like the ice bucket challenge
oh my god this is disgusting this is
enough your typical on I need the size
all right come on I'll go grab your cup
okay oh yeah the chill but please just
look good ready go yeah I'm a but having
children children they don't take a
shower
hi guys that was so so disgusting oh my
god
alright so the next category is best
social media and we're in a battle this
one is a really really hard on it is you
hype or Instagram you hype or Institute
you hike because my true you know grant
I don't know cuz you hype is all about
you guys you guys should be voted and
been here for a long time but still if
you if you I visit um one in its own app
then I'm gonna be mad it is yes
yeah let's go baby you hype is number
one you hype is number one Instagram is
number four are you ready are you guys
ready
ready you ready there no for 10 seconds
I have to put my Ramadan breath on you
guess what Ramadan brother sounds like
you do it 5 second for Rima 5 sugar okay
that's like this video not all good but
don't crumble down brother ready set go
move ahead come buddy that was really
really fun next category is best singers
and the battle were on is the same one
we're talking about Selena and Ariana
Grande and obviously you know home choos
you know mommy Ariana mother the Salinas
Valley
number one is Selena Gomez number two is
Justin Bieber I know Ariana Grande is
number yeah like I'm number 13 what the
heck
Erin is 23 she got lucky Selena Gomez
got lucky not Shanga luck you crazy
crazy Selena she's the most followed
person on Instagram so you ready ready
for you dad I'm ready buddy I don't
okay so we're gonna end this challenge
video here but yeah yeah we should show
the video you're not my daughter
why did why'd you tell her now would you
see her I found her Intel is due to the
monkeys so to see now wait he's older
don't oh no no I have to tell her now
did you listen he said your nice
daughter I'm sorry stop stop
he said it I'm just saying you just take
take it back to the zoo to a real family
come now the real family to the zoo no
that's where you reflect real families
at No yes it is Ramon no are you telling
me that I don't I don't remember which
jewels everyone now we're not gonna find
your family your this just go this is
okay okay guys we were done with this
challenge video I hope you guys enjoyed
it if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey and if you guys
have it downloaded the app you hype make
sure you guys download it because the
app is really fun and really P maybe
should I kicked me out like that link
should be down below over here the link
the link will be down below so make sure
you guys download and I'll see you guys
tomorrow so hope you'll enjoy the
challenge I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace the competition
winner will be announced at not a winner
even after this do me gang I hope you
guys all enjoy that challenge video so
the winner of the hype competition which
was chosen by you hype itself was not
chosen by me you hype did a lot of
digging a lot of crazy to see who was a
real ride and I do Me's and it was so so
hard and I hate announcing I announcing
winners guys cuz I feel so bad I promise
you guys there will be a lot a lot more
like competitions coming soon so do not
feel bad to not go crazy on me just be
happy for one another and I seen a lot
of you guys always be happy being happy
for one another helping one another like
retweeting each other's tweets because
what a dummy gang is one big happy
family and I want it to be one big happy
family so always be happy for each other
and just be patient with new with the
new competition that I'll be doing so
the winner is on Twitter her name is on
Twitter fancy Daisy's
X I do not know where actually uh she's
from Germany I do not know where but
she's gonna come from Germany all the
way to New York City congratulations
you can bring one person with you can be
your mom your dad literally anyone you
want and you can bring them through to
NYC we're gonna turn it up we're gonna
vlog and I cannot wait to meet you and
congratulations thank you guys so much
for element support and yeah I dude I
just hope I think I just talked to
Twitter she's a true ride-or-die do me
so it means a lot to me it's other other
writer that do Me's I promise you guys
it'll be your time real soon inshallah
and we I have a lot more announcements
coming soon we're gonna be doing a lot
more shows probably in your city rules
so we're doing shows in cities that we
haven't been there so stay tuned for
that congratulation once again fancy
Daisy's ex I do not know what's your
real name I need to find your real name
but thank you so much for your love and
support truly means the world your
support like it's overwhelming and I'm
blessed even even be here to have all
your support so thank you guys so so
much for being really dedicated and
please do not be sad guys please it
makes me sad so please be happy for
another I love you guys so so much and I
promise another competition like this
will be back soon so stay tuned for that
I love you do me a take care our pitch I
love you
