hey guys what's up you're dooming yang I
hope you are having an amazing day
because we're having an amazing there so
for having an amazing day you all should
be happy and amazing happy I only did
the old intro so I can hear my son go
dad can you do a head you scream like
that
once again adieu me again we're at the
new Adams family house were with the
homie how is that how you doing bruh I'm
mad that you back so badly I swear it
doobie gang today is gonna be a wild
wild day oh it's so weird
first you worry jacket backers and I
your no one that rocks it hot and they
split up what's wrong with the One
Direction I won't split up that doesn't
mean nothing I'm still a thang split up
get back my hat hey I've always been a
fan of 1d how does that what are you
doing you just throw out the neighbors
why would you throw my One Direction out
the neighbor had it like five years man
times I just went to the neighbors to go
get my One Direction I've had the Hat
for so so long but as though saying
today's gonna be a wild wild it and
finally get a try my best to prank my
mom mama Saleh funny got my heart daddy
though don't touch my hat bro seriously
give my already talked to see let me
look like a chubby most at so stop bro
stuffs up what's up just cuz you get it
taller doesn't mean up since I know the
I'm rather small island don't let him
eat us awesome Harlem my blood let's go
come on
come on bro you wanna cat dance you want
to catch the hizmet you're one thing
Mawson it happens I have in common with
me is that they always change their
clothes he literally went upstairs to
change his clothes do me gang it is
still prank week and today my victim is
my mom
as I told you guys I never really
pranked my mom in like a youtube video
like a dedicated video to her but today
we gonna change that
yes but first I'm gonna like this smoke
ball up because it's so satisfying this
right yeah yeah take step back step back
sir what do me getting I'm about to go
buy a big basketball court I'm gonna
bring one to my crib so I can play
literally all around my block just for a
good workout go to vlog footage you know
battles against each other before we go
I want you guys to subscribe subscribe
because I upload every single day for
you guys yeah my dad wants to get the
second wife for linemen crazy also do me
gang thumbs up you guys show so much
love in the past videos with the thumbs
up 6000 thumbs up in 30 minutes can we
be there do me gang if you guys are
watching this thumbs up man I want you
guys to beat the record what please what
are you doing bro no you're not but why
would you please pub scene is that it do
me gig I'm gonna tell me my older bro he
kicks was good Emmanuel first of all
first of all my G I hate you man what
you always get the sneakers without me
man seriously man this competition he's
taking a serious look what you got man
look what he got look at these those are
beautiful man whoa do you know which
Jordans we need me know which one's the
the the the grateful threes the DJ
collar one oh okay okay I was a was if
anyone's gonna get it it's gonna get me
and you're not gonna beat us coming real
soon we're gonna have a sneaker
competition trying to McDonald's you
fuck so much of us we're not going to
McDonalds mean Marcin we're savages say
hi we have this wheelchair thingy that
you can drive literally no one's using
so might as well use it right let's go
look at this man this is lit man what
the hell I'm legit this is like a
motorcycle and a we're getting this
stuff here then after this we're gonna
go get a basketball court what is
crashing guys like mom's gonna drive
your savage don't do that
alright guys he was asking me if this
flag is the British flag or the trainee
flag it looks the same 220 flag that's
dope man the tribute flag right I want
to go to Trinidad what's up man shut up
you guys what's up
we aren't you and hop on hop on my Jeep
vibe together you rocks together with
that together we all sure yeah okay do
me a using the kids already and do me
again whenever in Boston has a boo-boo
you have to kiss it so he can be quiet
what and they're gonna kiss it you have
to make the kissy noise ready set go
did you do it you feel better now yeah
thumbs up for must admit yeah anyways
I'm ahead all right now I'll see you
guys in the next shot ticket
do me gig we're finally here to get the
basketball core and we're gonna get some
gym stuff because I'm gonna make a mini
gym in my secret floor okay so I'm gonna
get a mini hoop for indoors no guys look
at this basketball court you're slim I'm
gonna be dunking on you in this I'm
gonna be talking on you soon there's
good a punching bag imagine having a
punching bag inside of my mini gym don't
ever mess with do me do me getting look
I'm going all out man you got freaking
these stuff coming out do me gang I'm
finally back home I'm fixing up my whole
floor downstairs it takes such a long
time but a do me hang it it's time for a
break we once again today the man Watson
he's gonna help me out prank mama Salah
you ready all right so I stole a couple
eyeliners and this raw egg from his
mother Jerrod
yeah this is looks like a egg like a
like organic so this is what we're gonna
do mamasan I have my mom she's always so
worried if any one of us get hurt so
today I'm gonna put a fake black eye and
Mawson's eye and then we're gonna go to
Mom's side imma tell her that someone
hit Watson and my mom is gonna bug out
but the thing is I'm gonna hide the
cameras just gonna show me and marcin my
mom is always sitting down in the living
room she never leaves that spot thumbs
up for Mama Sonic we're about to get her
let me put my makeup skills and let's uh
let's do it
a doobie gang I felt doing it but his
mother ended up doing it I have what hey
guys it's practicing what he's gonna
tell my mom
so if you guys do not know us and he
calls my mom Yaya he tries to say
grandma ever since he was younger and he
said never say grandma he say yeah what
are you gonna tell you I am you're gonna
tell you got a black eye and you're
gonna taro someone hit you yeah we're
gonna do this sweetie see how it goes
I'm gonna get you you must be trippin
what that you leaving me of course yeah
check it once this may be the chicken
your chicken is leaving me I try to be
stuck alone but you know what it's all
good let's do it immediate reaction come
on
Oh hold up
ouch now mother okay why I hope I don't
get an awesome huh no movies no no
Hannah I know can I hire you I had my
luck mommy mediation again know what
always you sure you okay monsoon you
sure no you sure no that wasn't me that
was even me a little bit I took him out
huh
boo-boo tomorrow okay but I did take
care of a moobus I always take care of
him which is heavy
she kind of come how's it turning on me
ma you got you huh how did you feel are
you doing what are you doing wrong hello
hello boo boo this dude is so bad man
he's like hitting me for all the pain
that I've been event I always set him up
what what do you wanna do
gonna hit me you wanna hit add yeah
thank you model of us guys look at
Mawson man he says he's so mad at me
I've never seen him this mad at me do
you want to talk to me no why huh why
are you getting the water huh yeah
Momsen your snitch man yeah I'm a dummy
who you talking to like that huh I'm not
a dummy
who you calling dummy me that is not
fair man mustard is using his cuteness
to go against me a doobie gang this is
like five hours later it's like 2:00
a.m. right now me and happens that were
literally fixing up friend of cheering
up my whole floor right now it's looking
beautiful I will give you guys real talk
with Adam and I'm always gonna have a
special guest huh I've flooded the
toilet flooded the toilet that really
badly what my toilet yes come on man I'm
supposed to be the first one to poop
there
yo that's so disgusting man this dude
messed up my toilet already oh my god
yeah you nasty bro what do you eat my
cheese but seriously do me I might to
have a real talk with Adam and Hamza
right hand we're tired right now but the
thing is I've seen a lot of you guys
like saying Oh Adam
why are you so inactive like on social
media and stuff I'm seriously going
through a whole like settling it like
settling in from going like living in
the city to living in this home that I
live in now and especially doing my
whole floor like I'm trying to fix it
and you need to dedicate like a few
weeks of your life in there to like I
need it I need even my family members to
dedicate a few weeks of their life to
help me out and know to help me settle
in fix up everything but I am actually
take off today so that yeah he had to he
had to my older brother they take off
work to stay with me to help me out and
like fix up everything so it's it's
really really tough what was that
that's the fire wrong with that oh we
got it we've got the X you peed in your
pants yesterday so we got the I can't
believe you're getting older bro you got
me trying to speak and stuff from the
virginity right your real talk to Adam
and house all right now you also do me
getting with the real talks with a
diamond hamsa to the people who are
watching right now we will give you guys
a little sneak preview of my secret
floor
so everyone who stays watching cuz you
know real talks with Adam and especially
any special guest that I have we're
always going to show you guys something
important how's it so sleepy like you
wants to because they like throw up it
takes so much work imagine like there's
a whole day I know imagine like picking
up stuff like the TV boom the bed the
furniture like so much every little
thing that's included in the house I
already know do me you guys are gonna
understand where I'm coming from because
it's gonna look extra extra dope and
once I'm settled in I promise you guys
I'm probably gonna be active so much to
the point where you guys can be like
damn I know I mean I'm be trying to make
I may be trying to make you know
20-minute lives you know try to make
that our tribe and our love and our love
that's only if we have 4000 oh do be
angry at formal and be doing an hour of
vlog subscribe man do me again as I told
you guys I'm giving you guys a little
mini sneak preview of this secret floor
of mine and it's giving me my whole
literally my whole youtube world and
everything I'm gonna give it to her and
I got ready must've set up and
everything I mean the PC yeah we so
gotta get the PC too so I'm already set
okay
do ba that's it I love you guys thumbs
up you guys enjoy the video subscribe
I'll see you guys tomorrow with another
prank I'm gonna try my best I'm trying
to get my dad but it's getting a little
hard I tell you guys why because it
involves like a girl and it's damn I'm
trying to work it out I'll see you guys
tomorrow I love you guys
I know that you've been patiently
waiting but I've been just down
