what's up Badou me gang so I am home and
I'm back again with another respond
video so as you guys know last week I
did a video replying to this kid from
Singapore who literally disrespected the
horn and after I made that video there
were so many hate videos on me so many
people cursing me out like literally
cursing my life out so I'm gonna respond
to one of them right now and his name is
I do not know his name introverted
smiles so seems like a positive guy I
don't know seems like a nice guy too but
let's watch the video so we had the
underwear bomber we had the 7/7 bombings
we have September 11th we have the
Brussels attacks we have so many more
terrorist attacks and then we have the
50 people dead at the nightclub and my
previous video was just you know I
didn't have much information I didn't
know the guy was Muslim but now that I
found out I am just outraged by this and
you know some of my subscribers were
telling me that Adam saw they made a
video reacting to some Asian guy who
were feeding him with the Quran who was
actually just pointing out some verses
from the Quran and Adam Saleh was like
that's the wrong translation and he was
just saying oh that's not what it really
means
Islam respects women yeah you know he's
the kind of asshole that just walks
around in a tank top and just like you
know he doesn't even have the full beard
you know he probably wants his sisters
to wear hijab and I'm sorry your fucking
bitch and I flick you off that's like
that right in your fucking face hold up
hold up hold up like what did I do to
this guy who's there Adam Freeman what
are you doing going ahead job and go out
no I don't want to go out and the walls
to know rema I got this I'm gonna roast
him okay make sure you vote him good I
got you baby boom makes you wear hijab
alright make sure you do
yup let me continue watching this video
but a little bit emotional because you
try to get someone banned Adam Solly
you try to get someone banned on YouTube
and you know I know the type of people
that follow you and
going to fight those people that follow
you it's all the fucking truth about
Islam we just saw we're tired of it and
no no no this has nothing to do with
Isis in the Quran and tells you that
homosexuality is forbidden and in the
hadith you have no choice
a homosexual is either burned alive or
thrown off a rooftop and guess what
on Twitter I have a friend named Ahmed
that's exposing all of these Arab
Muslims that feel happy about the
Orlando shooting it's so unbelievable
they feel happy about it they're
celebrating you know they're saying gays
are not in our nature I am NOT happy
there's probably some people who are
happy but you're pointing out Muslims
saying Muslims are happy there's a lot
of people in any religion who would be
happy about this even on the news if you
want to get personal even on the news it
came up that a priest who was happy
about these people's death in the
Orlando attack and he said it's good
news so don't try to point out Muslims
and saying you know we're bad does
anyone in every religion can be happy
about anything in gays not in your
nature so it's good that a lot disposed
of them saying disgusting things like
that and that's the reality man we're
dealing with a reality if you want to
import these people into our country
that's where you get off the fucking
deal with two-faced motherfuckers that
want the Sharia that don't respect your
loss so it's time for you Americans to
start start taking a stance and fucking
white people stop feeling guilty because
I'm getting I'm getting to my limit here
I'm getting to my limit where I'm just
tired of it I'm tired of this political
correctness because it's killing our
country and it's time for us to take a
state of this people time to be warriors
time to call out the bullshit time to
stand up we're tired of all the attacks
we're tired of all the discrimination
from our end that's what we're tired of
I don't really care about what you want
in this country anymore Muslims I really
don't go back to your country
that's how you want to live get the fuck
out of here soon as you guys I cannot
take videos like this serious like what
seriously everything he said was just
like what the heck so first of all he is
saying that I kid Amos he just pointed
out verses from the Koran whoa that's it
he just points it out no he translated
the Quran into stuff that was wrong and
that I had to I felt like I had to stand
up and speak about it and he is being
really sarcastic saying Oh Islam
respects warm and yes this long respects
for Muslims as Muslims we respect woman
did you know that Muhammad peace be upon
him he fought he fought in war for for a
woman he fought for women and the crazy
thing is all this guy's videos are all
like against Islam like I was watching
it's like it's like it's like seriously
a joke
this one's called I bought bacon while a
Muslim saw me and I went to the grocery
store about premium cut bacon bacon beer
you know I just I don't know what came
over me I just bought this package of
bacon for three dollars and guess what
happened a Muslim I used to know entered
the grocery store right and I'll talk to
him anymore and he was like in the front
asking a customer service associated
about fruits or something like that and
I was already in the checkout line
waiting to be checked out and so I was
like man hurry up hurry up hopefully
this guy checked me out quick and as
soon as the cashier comes to check me
out this muscle runs up behind me and
this is another video so I haven't done
a video in a while and I'm in my closet
right now because I got a message I
forgot to answer four days ago about
dude this guy is in a closet filming a
video he's any kazakh filming if they
want you to read the Quran just read the
Quran please them say assalamualaikum do
everything you know what I'm saying look
at it as a culture that you want to get
out of pretty soon this dude is so
disrespectful he's disrespecting that
guy who saw him with bacon and most of
all he's disrespecting me I shot my
little brother his
and you know my little brother said he
said and that guy's a joke
don't even waste your time on him if
anything you can roast my little brother
said I can roast you because you're a
joke
my older brother said I can roast this
guy because he's a complete jokes I'm
like you know what little bro
you're right I can't take this guy
serious so I'm a roasted just like how
do you went up to my face
i'ma go to his face and I'ma have some
fun summer roast you kid I hope you're
ready with the tank top I'm in on that
fact I'm put on a sweater for you love
it let's do this
yo check it seems like yo tricked by the
media getting all your info from
Wikipedia whatever you hear in the news
you believe with that nasty freaking
hair about to buy you a weave you look
like you work in the hookah lounge go
make me some great mint now why are you
always like to fill your room you need
to get education and go back to school
go back to my country but I was born
here you're trying to talk smart think
you knew Shakespeare America's made by
immigrants just like you by your
insignificant hit letter it it irritates
trying to act act meant it innocent you
saying Islam is all about hate
but it's line means peace and I'll say
it to your face this line means peace
and I'll say it to your face man it's
Ramadan
I thought they locked up the shaitaan
you need a relax and stay calm and learn
your facts about Islam I bet you're
voting for Donald Trump man yo face
looks like my dump why you actin like
you white cuz if Trump becomes president
you're also taking that one-way flight I
respect your opinion but you need a stop
ship and don't eat a full beard to be
Muslim Muslims always respect women
don't just one out of 1.6 billion never
try to get a man I just wanted an
apology you try to make a serious video
but it turned out to be comedy man you
look like a brown broccoli you look like
a daisy dragonballs but one day Allah
will guide you and I can say that I
tried to but you're a joke ha I'm done
kebab ooh
it is the end of the video I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go turkey make
sure you give it a big big thumbs up
because there will be a lot of you know
people who hate on Islam to try to out
beat the dislikes by what you guys how
beat it with the thumbs up by clicking
thumbs up if you found it entertaining
and enjoyed it leave a little comment
below I'm just having fun to be honest
these people were making videos cursing
me out I feel like they're still see a
joke and it's so so funny I decided to
give them some knowledge but also roast
them and toast them I would say so jokes
I thank you guys do me a four-element
support I'll see you guys tomorrow thank
you guys for sticking by my side and
that guy whatever his name is you just
took this el baby take that out don't
mess with me oh do me again
Oh Islam you know Shane have a nice day
sir take care and peace I'll owe you
you
