hey guys what's up into being I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing you all should be having an
amazing happy sunny day up here and
city so I feel really really guilty
today because usually always go after us
but today I went out after thought so I
do not want to miss the awesome prayer
but I had to go to you to square it's a
helpful cos film I'm gonna show you guys
how not to miss a prayer so let's see
how today go though can you go fast go
really fast
yeah buddy
so I just met up with the homie with
cosmic gosh it was good knows the first
thing I want to say is congratulations
his last video we had has over 1 million
views as Greinke some light ages but no
honest he saw so much behind like
whatever happened it's not there helped
me through everything like I said but
you did you know did you know I'm
telling you about the time it's not
possible right he's the genius behind it
I'm telling you this guy's like the best
guy nice is no matter how hard don't
know joe said he's one who was like
spread positivity spread love and the
fact that he just started YouTube
channel around 2 months ago and he's
already hitting millions mashallah and
already here over 50k subscribers bro
that's respect Walla Walla s respect but
gosh just got Darwin's video and it went
so amazing so crazy when it come up
probably tomorrow so probably tomorrow
so if you guys gonna see it you gotta
stay in the description below
it was a crazy amazing video this guy
has genius positive ideas about me
somebody always like making it's like
everything I'm getting sued on YouTube
right now even without YouTube oh stop
it Islamabad bro I do not know no look a
guy he's no camera no no but look behind
the camera he's even a nicer guy Ronald
you can't really Mina are supplying I
was with Allah no sir my Syria because
even before YouTube they always pass
positive he always pressed up he never
asked for anything he's always happy for
anyone else more than himself winning
that's all I said he's gonna rosin
hammer
so these are left all roses I mean had
we're gonna give it out just random
roses for me he's like to eat all over
there you know except the rosin what's
the hell do you see that yes that that
was so rude
I was trying to give a rose looks like
the medicine how do you like a rose it's
not a lot
socialist or what
like it
hey well maybe cause you guys - attitude
oh no he's like the metaphor yeah wait
Nikita what the oldest he isn't he is
all this D word and so much oh I'm just
trying to make someone happy though just
give it rose we have enough - Rose I
want to throw a garbage I'm trying to
give it away
see poor guys got it and she reject your
you don't want roses what the helpline
the video everyone expected it they know
what roses what the hell I swear they
say no Doug was saying I would give the
kid a rose you know this whew man
thank you so much okay nobody ever wants
a role in man thank you that's love bro
I love this one
thanks so much in my rose thank you
thank you we appreciate you guys you
guys are real army peas tomorrow oh my
god Oh God - sure oh my god getting
rejected
I'm getting something wrong
Oh give it our roses oh okay
yeah Cynthia she watches the vlogs and I
get a rose she has to accept it we still
have around two hours to go eat and as I
was telling us in the beginning of the
vlog Osprey was around private like 30
40 minutes ago and I am outside and to
anyone who's outside or doing something
and you want to pray in public
especially in a crowded place like this
let me show you guys never pray and like
you know in the area where it's too too
crowded go to a place for me a window
caster about to go arena go to a plate
we're gonna go to a place where it's
kind of like you know quiet on the side
and I brought my Sujatha you put you say
that out send you that down they take
our phone I have my phone I have the app
Muslim app whatever that shows you the
table and everything go to the table I
will do he has will do I think so you
have a look yes I did yeah will do and
then when you go free us and that's how
I do it
pray in public and you won't miss a
prayer like that so you're fast can get
accepted your dad's can be accepted and
I think maybe they're in there we good
I'm coming prepared to pray I can't be
shy you can't be embarrassed look like
that that's what they got me confident
especially outside like me I'm doing
always with videos and I'm always gonna
like miss a prayer especially the
Ramadan you always have to like make it
do it I'll show you guys the table right
now
public is going to be
this way
okay so slim just came and you didn't
pay us either the only person I prayed
lost I think is mondo but we're gonna
pay right now and unfortunately is going
to be near a cop car that's the only
place that's near it's near a police car
so hopefully please don't come which I
don't think because the NYPD around here
really really cool and very awesome and
that's it let's want to teach you guys I
pray what sorry what
so we just got done praying we are now
heading to the Persian so what kind of
food is a Persian Persian is an Afghani
or Iranian that is what it is partly
like what I see so far C for cellar
Benghazi stay right here on I need to
notice that a matter for menopause we're
going to get Persian food for thought
it's about an hour away from here and if
thought it's about in time be probably
in an hour
so hopefully with man who's driving he's
Pakistani was driving is crazy but shut
up dingos safe and well we get there
safe we always some Persian food and I'm
hungry mother of star event
Oh water with we just gotta kinda early
750 750 you have around 30 40 minutes
for flat time I'm so thirsty right now
like I'm more thirsty than hungry are
you more thirsty at Mohammed one the
hungrier gets so is that yeah it's just
that thirst that there's some you're
more thirsty or hungry huh very thirsty
or hungry which one go hungry some of
these probably some tape deck oh no you
thirsty hungry man hungry buh-bam the
pilot my nose limbs getting wider so we
just got here in the place looks really
nice and fancy so we got to be careful
with slim guys so immature when it comes
to painting spots it's all for he's
embarrassing us showing this like oh my
god what triangle down it's gonna be too
relaxed bone
yeah I love feeling like making them
fill up crisis to us
you guys want to say something else
about so long series you go ah so we saw
have ten minutes ago our food is already
here so that means we have to wait 10
minutes no just staring at the phone
nothing son
ready God good it would be able pray
we're not saying someone's right someone
someone's right we don't pray God I'll
see you guys at the next shot all right
now time for dessert some Persian ice
cream mango flavor this looks beautiful
just got done eating hamdullah it was
crazy shout out to a pastor showing us
an imam I knew showing us a spot I'm not
gonna this spot was a 10 out of 10 that
Persian ice cream at the end oh my god
so good it's so freakin a dessert pie
one of the best desserts I've had in my
life what's up in Douma gang so I am
back home and I got some updates to tell
you guys and a lot of shows a lot
announcements I gotta tell you guys but
I'm not going to like release the links
of those tickets or anything like that
only if you guys know about it and you
guys go get it but I will be in Dearborn
Michigan September 10th and I will
release the link for the tickets on I
believe after I'm of the day after
Ramadan but for now the link is out
somewhere so if any of you guys want to
get it first and find a go getter first
but once I release the tickets the
ticket link after Ramadan it will be
probably automatically sold out once I
release the link inshallah it's gonna be
wild and crazy and therefore my first
time performing Slim will also be there
what cos will be there it's gonna be a
crazy crazy turn-up I might give you
that I know make you guys a little
surprise of who else is gonna be there
someone from The Addams Family but who
say nothing who but Dearborn Michigan
you guys are going to have a September
10th September 10th imma give you guys
all the information and link after
Ramadan so be ready the day after that
and also Toronto Dubai those two I do
not know the exact date yet but it will
be confirmed real real soon I took a
little break of like not going shows or
traveling I was offered to go to um I
believe Pakistan and Bangladesh during
Ramadan the mountains I can stay with
the family for this online you could go
next time alone so I was alright I'm
gonna say number on this whole Ramadan
with my family and I'm back after I'm
not to be travelling I'm gonna be in LA
July 9th for a thing called beautycon so
it's gonna be really really dope so it's
going to be LA first then I believe
Toronto and then Michigan Dearborn and
then
Dubai and then after that it will be
either in Australia tour a US tour and
then after
in 2017 it'll be a UK tour because I'm
not allowed to go to the UK 2016 I just
feel like I went there so much so many
times in 2015 I need to give some other
cities a chance and then in 2017 I'll go
to UK and kill it wake the hell me mum
oh shit I don't know yet if he's even
let it go but it's gonna be a crazy tour
coming soon I'll keep you guys updated
with all of it especially with the
tickets in the links of Toronto - bye
LA and Michigan those main four ones
will be real real soon
so stay on the lookout and if you guys
know the links of it out there I suggest
you guys get it before I release it in
the vlog other than that I'll see you
guys tomorrow do me gang thank you guys
for your loving support it truly means
the world sir see guys you guys have
been showing some crazy like oh my gosh
I do me you guys are the greatest gang
in the world thank you guys so so much
for everything I know I say thank you
every single day but I feel like I can't
think guys enough and I also give you
guys a vlog every day I try my best to
make you guys smile every day so thank
you guys so so much for everything you
guys have done and yeah that's it
and I'm still waiting on the I don't
know if you guys know about teen choice
Fox Awards I do not know when they're
gonna announce the nominees stuff like
that
but all I know is that a duma gang on
twitter which you so don't Witter you
guys ended me off on first place on the
Twitter I don't you guys know what I
mean like when you go on Twitter you see
the person so if they go nominate me I
don't know what's what the hell's going
on but we'll see how it goes and yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care ah bitch I'll owe you
