so you said you're a la yeah
what is up adieu me gang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you always should be having
an amazing happy positive day is what I
think I believe we're half we're a
little more than halfway through Ramadan
and a lot of crazy stuff has been
happening I just want to start off this
vlog by giving a positive message about
what happened with slim so if you guys
do not know some guy in a huge situation
yesterday a lot of these these haters
were hitting on him in like real life
and then he was getting jumped and he
got arrested for defending himself
basically these kids around his
neighborhood they always bother him and
I know they always bother him because
slim always calls me whenever like an
issue like that happens and I always
tell them stay quiet go home ignore any
haters you see that who tell you all
your punk all your videos that are shit
your your loser your Dumbo always smile
go to the house you know keep doing you
keep you know keep moving forward keep
focusing on a new smile and your family
you know don't waste time and or energy
on people like that and people have done
that time around three to four times and
it's always around his neighborhood in
Bay Ridge always around his neighborhood
and happened a lot of times so me and
him went to go watch the movie uh sexual
intelligence and then he went to Yuma
home and I went home then I got a phone
call when I was home and he started
talking you add on with the police on
him I was going on had more you I'll
come to you right now he was um I don't
know I had to fight these kids he's
haters I'm like slim going home right
now so while I was on the phone with him
I was telling to go home but then I
heard the cops I believe I heard the
cops on the on the phone they were who
is that he was my best friend is my best
friend and the phone hung up right there
every since then I got no phone call no
nothing like I try to contact him I try
to contact his brother I try to contact
his whole family I believe everyone was
sleeping because I was around like what
3 to 4 a.m. so the police arrested him
because he defend himself and swung back
on the people who were coming up to him
and around like 16 17 he's also the
young minors anything that slim does
he'll get in trouble because they're 16
and 17 but the thing is these kids had
knives on them these kids had drugs and
everything like that and they were you
know really pretty dangerous of this
around nine ten those kids coming I am
so what do you expect if like you know
if not one of those kids come to you I
mean slim is not going to hug you all we
need right now is your
and your support to make it go through
with ease so if you guys can ten seconds
at your life to just make Dada
inshallah everything goes well and it
shall everything go success because you
know slim comes from a really really
nice family and and knowing that you
know the people why do people like take
their energy to come out and like hate
on someone like that let the person do
him even if he's doing viddy he's doing
him he's doing something he loves don't
go hating on it like that this is you
going up right
don't let anyone you know come and block
that you going up and make it go like
that then go back up now make sure
you're like this all the time going up
always going up always go let no one
come in between there's obstacles in
life that you're going to go through
you're gonna have to overcome it you're
gonna have to you know kill it off a
kindness so remember stay positive
though always be people try to bring it
down and continue on with what you love
doing and continue on smiling and
spreading positive energy with that
being said I'm about to go see slim
right now and she'll live with him is
all right we're gonna go make sure
everything's cool with him and then
we're gonna go to what Casas house for
if thought he's inviting us over today
but if not in his house so I'm so so
excited since I'm going to Acosta's
house I got a dress up somewhat know
like him so I can look respectful when I
go in there and you know I got to go in
there you got to go in the look respect
I can't go in there with a tank top like
yo what's up I'm ready for if that I
gotta go and give a good first
impression because the first impression
is the best impression so I just got to
Brooklyn at this hospital booth were in
hospital I got to go to the emergency
room because Slim is there right now so
I'm gonna go pick him up so we can go if
fun but he got I believe I'm not
something's wrong with the side cuz a
lot of them are punching him this is the
most hungriest the most thirstiest the
most like I've been in lamella because
today's the first day of summer so it's
the longest day so I can feel those
minutes so last minutes you can feel it
I have to wake up really early and go to
Hannah's graduation and Hayley's
graduation so congratulations
this is
it so I just picked up sling we're in
the car say was and weird the homies
mondo mondo say what up wrong and Nazim
as you say what's up how's it going
we're going to a house house always
stand out slim and handle as fine but I
believe happy his head is like like gets
migraines and headaches everyone learn
from it he learned from it and the
people that were like you know the
people that were there learn from it
tonight you know not they learned lesson
don't don't who goes around hating like
that like don't do that some told you I
listen and someone listened to you know
not do that again so hopefully like that
all turns are great and yeah that's good
Jeremy just got to Acosta's house in
this house looks old oh gosh I love your
event like this is like food looks
amazing I'm so hungry I'm so hungry
meet someone through so much today so we
have a long day some be shocked as he
carries Araki food right there second oh
god father Silas very lycopene it was a
masseuse named Jay Haas named Bob he
said because I hates you
like I guarantee you he's oh well yeah
but then one icon talk about boy yeah
well cuz sitting on his bird he named
this bird Pablo I do not know why I'm
scared of birds I never really isn't a
kiss you come come I never held a bird
of my life because children I love birds
what's up for wait what that was scary a
blog thank you so much
it's gonna bite you it's gonna bite you
he's a baby girl
when I got him couldn't eat okay this is
so dope but like he's trying to go back
inside the house a la la a la la too
much second dude so actually I got to do
that I got to face my fear I'm like oh
my god I'll face my fear this is dope
come on this is nice because is that it
gives me say so I go so I go a car like
that isn't already change my - forget
this we thank you because I give it back
I don't want to give know we're the kids
but his dad that's great
it watched my dad row you want dad's on
topics yeah jump up the station goes -
that's scary
what kind of bird is it uh like a cheap
energy can look Wow yeah that's crazy
that's right please beautiful I like it
well what's that look so good
Jamila just me laughing chatter - guys
family thank you guys so much
shukriya me tumse pyaar ke thank you
guys so much
Vikas Arecibo like that's what gets
anything you are here why did you say so
bangable I love you just by the
beginning of time now I have a son
Charlie back saying this is probably one
of the best of thousand guys Pakistani
food amazing shadows of a past family
cousin death is all mommy's gonna go G
over his I know he's saying widowed you
know give another driver video Shelley
gnarly Big Boss big boss Oh guess who's
here the crazy the crazy boy self was
about to go crazy
say cheese - now say cheese hello say
cheese can you see a gap let me see a
gap wimzie say cheese
yeah he's got book I tradition yeah no
no no I think I'm asked a point Marcin
saf damn The Addams Family is gap boy
I was gonna save you how about you yeah
I was heavy number ma Allah oh my god
alright so Rahman said we're about to go
my back now I'm gonna do push-ups you
have to go in already alright guys so
right now I'm gonna show you guys a
piece of luck that did not put yesterday
because I had not felt like I didn't
wanna put your city because the guy was
just disrespecting Islam is saying
really like negative stuff and saying
say he basically was saying stuff like
he's God he's the prop some like that
but i'ma show you guys he based
disrespected Islam and try to act like a
thought this guy was disrespecting Islam
in my face and then he started acting
like a thug throwing gang signs and I
sort of tell him but it don't like a
thug well you know disrespecting his son
like that and then he ended up like
walking off one way i'ma show you guys
here so I'm about to go meet up with
slim and mowing to keep we're gonna go
watch Kevin Hart and the Rock's new
movie Central Intelligence I'm so so
excited about this movie
hilarious here's that Victoria's Secret
what do you find a bra
I could arouse your favorite rhyme give
a robber video though because it we've
run across slim or kind of rhymes over
me he comes he comes he comes but it's
like threes all day thumbs girl
CJ old and Posey it's just a free throw
line what so you should teach her oh my
bad you shouldn't even show families so
we got some ice camera lattes before we
go watch the movie this happens when you
go to the movie theatres with slim
popcorn Cochise and three drinks that
were about to fill around a slim over
some man Sam stop playing I said good I
think if you were to Alec do an order
you're like yeah let's do trial leave
him no I need any popcorn ahead and
leave our nachos so we just got done
watching Central Intelligence and the
movie was crazy it was so funny
so crazy action it was wild oh I got an
and I stayed up throughout the whole
thing you know you got sleep and I never
liked the movie sometimes what's this
one what was an amazing amazing
accept me away from Pakistan back then
yeah I miss Rebecca oh you're here is
mom before I redeem a prophet and Allah
God there's a problem me you're not a
member
yeah I'm coming
Mohammed falada Z my profit data mafia
they named hammer the department I'm a
survivor
you're not about mom and father Zeke
Prophet Muhammad for the scene and allah
god that's me
so you said you said I'm not so mean no
cameras or no police
these things aren't good so you said
you're a la yeah
Alma's name is Isaac Allah Allah Isaac
Isaac Sarah
so jealous you know we get it I dragged
our guy come over come on come on people
now I can talk it this way but really
disrespectful
you just said what that I didn't wanna
repeat waste that but that was it's
really just like when I don't like him
either an act like a thug he says sue
Killa
sue killer sue sue is a blood game right
it's not blood
Sue's is Bloods gang so he apparently
didn't like the blood gang anything he's
a killer
he kills people sue gang so I don't like
anyone to know gang and let's say you're
gonna do me again so if anyone is in any
gang I feel like they're punks I'll do
my guys out a real game we're just a
YouTube game but anyone that's in a
street gang I feel like they're just
like punks like you need people to to
fight for you or something like that and
the way he was trying to come all like
that and he just disrespected a slam was
that was just about it I feel like you
violated me bro
okay I do me Aang I hope you guys all
enjoyed like we did make sure you give a
thumbs up and go Turkey thank you guys
so much for your love and support and
wait I'm not done I'm gonna choose the
winner meat house I can choose a winner
your messes photo for my sins photo
right yeah so I got the photo in my
pocket I'm waiting here to give it to
you as this photo it's been in my pocket
like two days now it is so hard to
choose the winner on YouTube comments so
I will be choosing the winner on Twitter
I'm gonna make a tweet right now it's 1
a.m. and I'll choose the winner randomly
right now okay so I'll just put the
tweet out right now and I'll be deleting
that tweet in 15 seconds so there's a
couple of seconds to go and it is going
to be deleted I'm gonna look through my
mentions and I'm gonna choose a winner I
got high let's hand tied his hands keep
it just just keep it right there don't
move okay I'm just gonna scroll it up
and down
now I'm refreshing i refresh it and then
whoever it is they're the winner ready
set go
refreshed right there her name is zile
and why can I please have the single
photo of mas tonight she won
congratulations you just won and I just
followed you this one congratulations
I'll see you guys up the media me right
now so I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care do me a I'm gonna do a lot
more giveaways primary picture giveaways
because one see you guys tomorrow
take care um yes hello you
