hey guys what's up and do me Aang I hope
you why you why do you have to pick your
nose on a third of lime tequila girl
what's up and do me gang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you are should be having an
amazing day where are we Rima having a
picnic we are in Steinway Queens right
now a story so what's up man I do man
nice to meet you
no good let's see if I win Steinway keys
right now we're bout to get food and
take a home because we're gonna eat food
from Steinway Queens today we're not
gonna make no we make a little bit home
food why whenever I'm talking you talk
huh okay like when I'm talking to
mention literally empty if I'm talking
to bloggin sealer she'll say any cheap
like wow my god the beautiful air Adam
look if you fast today I'll give you a
toy you're fasting today but I saw you
eating earlier huh what was that
who dad does not me
get down that's one
that was your twin when you make us
nervous she says like shaking her hand
like grabbing like that he says that
saying oh she's lying but never she does
that hit that water young this is Mack
do me yeah he's gonna fight ready set oh
she cracked me that right we got him on
yeah boy how much you guys order to tell
you well what the heck you guys a crazy
vote the order 12 of these right about
tonight hold on Shelby
homicide
yeah anything huh how's the camera blog
YouTube get what's up
34th Street having Steinway halal food
court what video you gonna go to Billy
B's inshallah unique yet never know I
told you in Shambala you're fed no you
shall not pass this clear fan you should
reach your destination inshallah yes I
know
inshallah what is Oh
I with the homie behind a nice good holy
minded so we went to high school
together and we haven't seen her in like
five years five years since we haven't
seen each other now we seem sell today
and this is crazy because I see them
before yellow afro no beard and CNM
since he made my growing up mother going
up get bigger telethon Obata gosh I'm
like market thank you for not seeing
your homie Balaji father
we got a visit school tell it's a ton of
how was that before how was that husband
this thing was the craziest I got no
taillights on before you can say tell
her you're my man fought the Dean but I
am for the Dean that's it well you know
I'm the lovable oh you know we met my
mother shreya he made him yell I
Superman exists he's trying to make me
like like be a better person and I said
I cannot man I'm doing nothing but you
God is not a CFO thank you so much like
whatever you've done wrong thank you so
much I'm gonna see you good when I see
you guys it's always nice seeing my old
high school friends it's so crazy
because I was so wild back then and they
see like a huge difference in me from
going crazy wild it's like being calm
and just chill so like that is just I
don't know miss my day seeing it so you
shout out to hold man that and he'd
shout out to Rima
repeating a baby bottle pop right in
front of me why are you eating in front
of me huh I'll tell you're fasting you
said you're gonna be fasting for the toy
but are you all you're breaking fast now
mattify's now terrine ha keeps telling
me to taste any comfort Adams taste it
tastes good I can't do that I knew that
review we only have around if ties we
have 40 minutes to go
you trying to give me break my fast and
I got 40 minutes ago Rima that's not
nice just one okay
all right what kind of bad influence are
you yeah I can't fast it your baby good
okay so after doing fashion me burn just
watch out watch i watch are you dirty to
call me Mom
hello ego because so we could just like
I can eat she can eat and we just gotta
be careful what is up I am here with
team double age haven't seen up for so
long what you guys been in Ohio it has
been laws hello Reagan cookie or cooking
cooking cooking yeah
this is what Haley's been cooking fried
Oreos and sambusa nice we're gonna cook
that you helped Palazzolo you did good
do you know in our eyes tomorrow is what
was Tuesday or Tuesday tomorrow is
Haley's birthday Haley is turning 11
years old tomorrow and it is cranking
firm she is getting super old last month
you put into your birthday a huge shout
out to have a happy birthday to hang up
so I'm on Twitter and I'll see you guys
quote retweeting all my old tweets and
they are so embarrassing it's so dumb so
do not go to my old tweets because it's
embarrassing no go to it and I am on the
you hype app and I'm going through the
battles on the app and they have two of
my old tweets right there to my old
tweets and have to choose which one is
funnier one of them are Co retweeted one
of you guys do me and I said the girl
said hi let's get married and I was a
high okay give me your mom's number or
we can just get married without them
knowing what oh it was a sick oh my god
and the other thing that said is I love
going into our stores and listening to
the dumb stuff they say when they think
I'm not Arab and I don't understand them
I still do that to this day but I'll
choose I don't know what you know Josh
is random and I don't know just like
white oh my gosh someone tweeted this
Adams biggest fan girl yeah they have
like or something else is asked to
switch seats on the plane because I was
sitting next to a crying baby not like
the first one he's I think he's my
biggest fan girl Amos you're my biggest
finger on me this is a tweet me trying
to hold
in that fart between negative and Esha
or damn the NFL has been around longer
than our government we've had 48 Super
Bowls and only 44 presidents I did not
know that what the heck I like them
under the first one you may be talented
but you're not Kanye West Kanye West
tweeted that was right or we should bury
everyone upside down so they come back
as zombies they'll dig the wrong way and
I think is gonna like honey what do you
guys don't have it make sure guys get it
in the link down below because that
announcement will be announced in the
end of this video
our food is almost ready this 11 Rhema
sunshine I'd like you know like you know
like you're fasting you're not fast and
girl we're still warming up the other
ones we had forgot to eat right now and
let's do this ready in fat my son
pound it pound it he just woke up from
asleep founded other Muslim ice I got
the other monster for backup you know
what's up it do me again I am back home
as you guys can see I am wearing the
Golden State Warriors had a goal to say
or his shirt but it did not end so well
today but I still think the words are
gonna take at Game six or Game seven
rather than one in Game seven at their
home town but today I am back with
another reaction video literally all the
you guys who tweeted me this video and
my niece texted me linking me this video
telling me that she loved my reaction
videos and to react to this social
experiment I have not watched it I'm
about to watch it right now for the
first time so let's see what is up in
this social experiment I already got a
big big headaches I really hope this
video doesn't give me more of a edit so
the video is called terrorism Islam
versus Christianity social experiment
okay okay the title R it's already give
me like a headache but okay let's watch
it I'm not judging before let's watch it
and see what is up as I can say I'm up
what you put an annotation and it says
seems like people are disliking before
understanding the concept of this video
this video should offend anyone it
simply opens up dialogue to a tragedy
this video will raise questions to why
certain things happen watch the whole
video to understand okay
well not judge it I'll watch the whole
video to understand and
how it goes gonna be doing the Islam
first Christianity terrorism social
experiment he's gonna be an Islamic
terrorist I'm going to be a Christian
terrorist let's see if people act
differently one thing that I do not like
so far about this video is that he is
saying there's going to be a Muslim
terrorist there's going to be a
Christian terrorist do not involve
religion in terrorist terrorism has no
religion anybody can be terse anybody in
this world can be a terrorist so if
you're evolving religion into it I think
it's already pretty dumb everyone in the
world should know anybody can be a
terrorist oh my god
my headache is like massive and oh my
god y'all like give me supper I'll uh
get what the heck obviously people are
not going to react in a good way because
the media already gives us a bad image
they've already got stereotypes of the
way we dress people get afraid of the
way we dress so of course people are
gonna be scared if we throw a package
and just run away and say Aloha but when
they do not know what a lo of what means
a lot of it means God is the greatest
but when we say along with someone else
too many ignorant people they think it
means something else they think aloha
but means something dangerous but it
doesn't it means God is the greatest the
fact that he's doing it after the
tragedy happened in our land of all my
prayers and thoughts go out to the
families of everyone who passed away in
that crazy tragedy in Orlando is so so
sad and sickening and the fact that I
did after it does not make it any better
his dude is smiling in the video let me
go back is dude a smile it's like he
wanted to do this he's out is he this
tool is cheesin he's happy doing this
hope this video is making me cringe so
bad oh my god Jesus
praise Jesus
ah okay Mahalo wait so I'm confused so
when he did the Krishnan part he did it
in like a really calm way like who made
the song impress the Muslim president
dressed as you know as a whole Muslim oh
you should address yourself as more of
like I guess like a Christian person I
don't know more where people will know
your question cuz anyone can be Muslim
any white guy Chinese guy black guy
anybody can be Muslim and the fact that
he's walking you know normally two
little kids and just dropping it down
and just walking away calmly just normal
like this it just shows and proves what
kind of reaction he's trying to get I
feel like he purposely did that to get
the reaction he wanted which was when he
walks calmly obviously no one's gonna do
anything but when you're dressed up like
that and have a package and you're
running away in a really aggressive way
obviously everything is like all rushed
now when you're walking coming and just
walking away like that normally
obviously know what it's not gonna do
anything and the fact that he said
praise Jesus no one is gonna run away if
you say praise Jesus normal a lot of
what it means God is the greatest yeah
is something good but people think it's
something different so obviously they're
gonna be afraid since that stereotype is
already on us Muslim but the fact that I
praise Jesus no one is gonna do anything
you should have at least maybe said
something else something crazier and
like I don't know maybe something
crazier to see if they would run away
because it seems like this social
experiment is kind of biased looks like
why he's trying to go he was trying to
show that Muslims are terrorists and
Christians aren't and that is why there
is so many dislikes thank eyes to watch
I'm queasy the video like share and
subscribe as you can see people like
different when there's a Islamic
terrorist versus when there's a
Christian terrorist I mean up obviously
people are gonna act different on this
guy's so dumb obviously if you're gonna
act different this is what my niece
texted me she said Adam watch this video
I think this is one of the dumbest
social experiments ever but you let me
know what you think and if you can do a
react video to it and I replied saying
oh it can be the dumbest social
experiment ever because I've watched a
lot of dumb ones but I'm going to watch
it now and react to it and I seriously
think this is the dumbest social
experiment ever I feel like because
usually when people do social
experiments and when you think about it
before you have this idea and then you
think it's so good but when you do it it
didn't go out so well but that's what I
feel like I feel like you
send a positive message but it worked
out being the opposite of the fact that
they're bringing in you know Muslims
with terrorists is just really really
dump is basically pretending he's having
a bomb he can get in big big trouble for
this so I suggested I don't know to just
don't do it or just I don't even know
what to say I didn't even know how to
say a lot of work but it's a la Kwok
what he did even know how to savor I
feel like he just rushed this video to
try to like make a crazy video after the
tragedy who am I to judge the people in
the video maybe that's not their
intentions maybe they made a mistake but
whatever it is it was just really not a
good idea to do something like this if
it would react to videos please send me
like videos I don't know like to watch
that would not give me a headache this
is literally messed up my whole head
even more you're gonna close my laptop
and end this video guys if you guys did
enjoy this video make sure you give it a
thumbs up and do me a and go Turkey
thank you guys so much for a little
support if you guys want me to react to
any more videos throughout Ramadan or
anything make sure you leave it in the
comments below of any video give me to
react to and I will react to it thank
you guys so so much for I love and
support lately you guys have been
showing crazy crazy amount of love also
I have an announcement competition for
everyone who downloaded you hype which
is my app that I've been working on for
so so long and the prize for this
competition is for you and someone else
which is two people who began flown up
to New York City to spend a day and hang
out and vlog with me well the dista
prizes for me because I get to chill
with someone do me gang you know Shan
and I really hope anyone who wins is a
rider die and do me the way to where
this competition is really really easy
all you got to do is download the app
you hype and screenshot a battle that
was really really difficult let's say
who do you like better Adam or Marcin
let's say that was a difficult battle if
ichabod a few guys screenshot it and you
post it on your Twitter Instagram and
you tag all your friends three of your
friend and you put the hashtag you hype
on Twitter and Instagram hashtag you
hype and the winners will be chosen
randomly whether you live in Brooklyn or
you live in Australia so anybody can be
get chosen anywhere around the world
thank you guys so much for your love and
support and I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care or peace hello you
