hey guys what's up in Douma gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day
you should be happy and it made this a
beautiful day out here but it's kind of
windy yeah cause a while ago we get our
video here to the square
we're in Union Square about to meet up
with the homie slim and the other Hamzah
cuz Slim is gonna record a video for
this channel stop me to help him out
just how he helps me out I'll help him
out and we're gonna see how it goes so
it means slow not gonna be the video
about where it's gonna be Hamza and
Hamilton I might I say much but it is
oh you jump out give us a hug my cue to
the hug a hug you say kiss plus VI is so
hot or fasting and it's kind of a go
better I know what I'm mrs. du summer I
have a scene for so long we will remove
his begging to come to day she died
she's privacy so when you're 24 she's 20
yes why not be shy now you're shy I
don't know what this is supposed to be
it looks really really sick
wow that is sick oh I missed enough
right oh my god come on sir you're gonna
get in trouble
oh my god Dhoom again we just got done
and this was slip Sims he had a genius
genius idea and these two Hamm says I
give it up to you I give up for these
two men right here Angie and Gina slim
for coming outside it was wild crazy big
up to Adam for total that was crazy i
right he's I don't know I'm telling you
these two kids be nice like that
no how you just
cup don't give yourself a beer
Nancy the other side the social
experience did was a Mick was so amazed
no he's gonna post it up today oh this
is me over today so figure one check it
out you guys will see it in the
description down below these two stars
did some wild wild stuff you see them
they're like best friends when the video
I know this is crazy
you guys good you sure ah we will able
to get equally good we're Swiss lad I'm
and it doesn't matter who does anything
better
we're both team side when you guys are
both team times up mm sir no behind so
um so it doesn't matter who does better
you guys all did good you guys did
amazing and that's it come on channels
to dance what I do them we fall if this
bird is like breaking her fast right now
hey birdie hey birdie birdie
what's up ado me Aang I am here with the
homies slow hem jet I'm Jeff slap them
and double hems that we're calling them
double Hamza because they make a perfect
team together just like me slim we run
barnes and noble right now we have we
don't eat to like about 30 minutes why
do you talk when I talk why this will be
talking it is a crazy piston the times
are yeah yeah yeah this is yes British
it's very good
almost vain empiric unless unless send
shit a DD as I was saying wind-borne
zijn over right now and we just found
this random board game is called never
have I ever
so I went to play that never have I ever
window a little one minute never have I
ever for you guys one minute never ready
set go never have ever kicked someone
out of my wedding
well none of us have weddings never have
I ever imagined having children with a
particular celebrity you never imagined
children with Celebi meet Jennifer
Lawrence I feel like that was magic
meter having a family something will you
celebrity crush nobody never have I ever
witness a crime and done nothing about
it
I did I did once before and I was
younger
you know I don't snitch snitches get
stitches in June I think since Matt
robberies to be honest these days I
would stand up for before I used to be
like reckless never have I ever taken a
nap and missed all my classes for the
day have you guys done that kids yes you
bullshit I'm Joey even Lila he's sick at
everything so you don't want to school
no no no no everything's let's bring out
our toes under that's your bullshit
hey walk your worship a game is a planet
right he fell on me there her my ankle
and in a break ankle
I'm what you're doing never have I ever
looked pregnant why never ever ever gone
a tired day without putting on any
clothes no pen Jim never have I ever has
someone else do my work and pretended it
was my own oh god what we set you guys
up would you don't y'all get up yeah
kiddo joking my own kids don't do that
don't never have I ever had on a
controllable gas hour I'll slit meet
hasn't how to do it I'm fine so guys me
slim you had to reschedule our
basketball game because we had a lot
going on at the time a lot of that
racist guy he wants it to film so we're
gonna reschedule it to a day we don't
know yet we're gonna schedule a day
probably this week you got to see it
randomly you're gonna have a nice crazy
fun game I'm excited for it man and
you're always gonna be everybody's
having it up like crazy man hums but
it's gonna make it off you guys and we
gonna play some definitely some time to
speak
hundreds on we're just waiting for a
place to confirm that we can go there
and play there and we're not a nighttime
non-biased
yeah no no keep every key no nothing we
need like a real referee because this
video we filmed those one of the hardest
videos but I want a complete success
wild crazy these kids are still running
and I'm so excited I can't wait that
comes out them what all these people
these kids are know you know like this
imagine feel like just looking at this
imagine looking at this for freaking
four hours that's your soul so no it
just gets you dizzy looking at man
that's why I'm not having kids all 52
last one 13 kids six boys some girls 21
triples we're gonna break out fast in
about five minutes we just did a pizza
pickup so we're gonna go eat and I'll
see you guys back home bitch why bein
rude to fans huh yeah stop being rude to
fans
stop hitting fans for no reason
darah do me gang we love you yes we do
and do me game on us we'll see what
about you
you love them yeah I got a little
surprise you guys coming probably Nicole
days has something to do with moissan so
something to do with mus and so ok so
I'm doing something pretty cool I'm
gonna ask my nephews Hamza and Mawson
and my niece Reema I'm gonna ask them
some questions so this is called
questions about Ramadan let's see how
babies what babies know about Ramallah
okay let's start off with Mawson Bossin
what is Ramadan Oh
do you love it do you know what's
fasting ah you don't know what's fasting
yeah why do muslims fast for 30 days of
yeah you don't know why bye
what does it have I mean it means eating
oh so what
so then it still makes a tan then you
can eat do you know what's a Muslim
what's the Muslim some people some
people what some people some people are
Muslim so so what are you are you Muslim
yeah you're not Muslim
what you're what
are you yemeni you're not Muslim you're
Yemeni Oh Remo I never knew that no oh
so another question is Amma so since
you're not Muslim you don't do them with
all right you don't fast and that could
lead to fast yesterday so hold up your
you're not Muslim are you fast so I'm
confused Reema today I'm not bath why
because it it convinced Adama Don so
you're not fasting because the Ramadan
gonna give you an interview yeah come on
mr. Carney was a little Kanye West
always say no stop say something else
yeah please I'm begging you
the homie Youssef just got here
is literally the middle of the night you
got into a crazy car accident if I
handle that everything went well I dunno
what that heaven yeah we were just at
the red light and then like this guy was
sleeping in the cab he just rear-ended
us so the handling is good and the whole
like car is like completely like wrecked
but I haven't a time to let him do that
everything is fine right now and so you
be safe we'll drive safe and keep
everything safe is dudes I see a lot of
young people getting in a car accident
so I want you guys we drive out there
like seriously always be safe and this
one I'm scared to get license and drive
is is really scary you're in a car and
anything could happen in a second so
make sure you're safe and say to dad
before you go but we're gonna do our
daily you hype battles and today I want
it Yusuf to be with me is like no
challenges I like doing low challenge
like this and is the motivational quotes
this motivational quotes we're going to
choose which one are better which one
you think is better I say which one is
better right ready first one is these
are two quotes right there the first
quote is happiness is found when you
stop comparing yourself to other people
this is so true so true
sometimes I pray for people to like you
know to have like amazing happiness so
they can forget forget about all the
hatred they have in their heart like I
always want people to be happy so they
can forget about other
people being happy normal no I'm saying
I like the second window and the second
one is sometimes sub and silence is
better than expressing how you really
feel
dan this was hard second one is I like
both of them dan I want to say both that
I was good people were created to be
loved things were created to be used the
reason why the world is in chaos is
because things are being loved and
people are being used I heard that
before
now I won't judge nothing you will be
happy forgive everything you'll be
happier love everything you will be the
happiest I like the second one it's like
once again I like my second one look at
this one DJ Khalid Mohammed Ali did yoga
the other day the grass was brown now
it's green cuz I give up never surrender
I can like picture in his voice he who
was not courageous enough to take risk
will accomplish nothing frozen like my
man Muhammad Ali definitely wrong with
Ali
okay did you console Amanda but only you
can make it happen or sometimes I think
the only thing that I deserve to ask
from Allah is his forgiveness
definitely second one the trailer is out
today it will be in the link down below
make sure you guys go to the u hype
trailer you guys will know all the
information on it the link is below go
check it out give it a huge thumbs up
and I'll see you guys in the next shop
so I just had a News interview from
people in Singapore about the whole
issue with the racist kid and stuff like
that and I am NOT going to be even
mentioning or talking about that kid
anymore because I feel like he's doing
it for attention now but I did my part I
tried my best to you know to enlighten
him and I think I did a little bit
hopefully he comes back with an apology
video or something where we can see some
positivity in him and like maybe he can
I don't know maybe he can do something
to project if not then forget it I'm
moving on I did the news into Singapore
and it went great
I'll keep you guys updated with that you
guys will probably see I don't know if
it's email tomorrow or after tomorrow
but go on my Twitter you guys will stay
updated with all the news interviews I'm
gonna have on there so many people
contacting me so I do not even know like
where to start I didn't want to have the
interviews I didn't want to talk about
it but I had one of that's probably the
only one I will have for and I will keep
you guys updated with it Abnett I'm
gonna be wrapping up the vlog here thank
you do me a favor let me support it
truly means the world
see guys thank you guys so much you guys
have been showing so much support lately
with the thumbs up button everything so
thank you from the bottom are thank you
thank you thank you and for slimmies
video guys make sure you guys check it
out is one of the best social
experiments that I've ever seen a do me
gag
take care earn peace I like
