can you smell my on my mom breath hey
guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing night because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing it today me and my brother
are going on another adventure it is the
Puerto Rican Day Festival today tomorrow
as a Puerto Rican Day Parade and every
year I always go to the Puerto Rican Day
Parade and fessor because it was like
something I've been doing since I was
like 13 14 years old
if anyone does not know what the Puerto
Rican Day Festival our parade is it's a
day where put arecas I believe it's our
independence I'm not really sure their
independence I don't know is any patrika
is out there watching let me know when
it comes to us their independence or
something but they go out and they just
go crazy have like a crazy festival so
while I'm waiting for my older brother
to get ready so we can go out I am gonna
be on you hype my app I shall to say
that you guys crashed it the first
couple days because those around I think
three to four million swipes like this
is like battles a swipe so you swipe the
winner so it's about 3 to 4 million
swipes and ended up crashing but right
now it is back and up running really
really fast hamming it up but I'm gonna
go on it right now one of the craziest
one of the craziest like uh categories
in this is this the food category so I'm
gonna do that Wow - I'm gonna battle sit
I'm not like a Thai food in France or
Moroccan food whoa that one's hard food
in France or Moroccan food I think
Moroccan food you know our sort of one
you know that couscous or dogma oh my
god is oh that's why both of them -
right huh oh man
the dolma was not fair Oh strawberry
cake and chocolate are Trudeau's Oh
strawberry cake and chocolate seriously
guys this app is so addicting because
you just wipe like so you don't know me
I just swipe side swipe it so like that
right now I'm on best selfie the best
selfie category and I don't know who's
going to choose selfie mirror selfie or
regular song which is reconciling
regular selfies I'm like Marisa femurs
always ain't cool at another one this is
I believe some of the is you guys in
your - mirror selfie are all not
amateurs regular soft I'm like mirror
selfies
this one is dope but how much is a girl
with the blue eyes cuz she's nice I the
you hi video will finally be live
tomorrow you guys will know more
information on it and how it goes enough
like that so OB up tomorrow so I cannot
wait and stay tuned for competition
announcements ever like that make sure
you guys download the app down below and
I'll see you guys at the next shot
outside that sucks you all wanted to go
like near the hole put Rican festival
then arrange so hard that everyone had
to leave but it's all good you guys can
see like whole floor like how crazy you
can know how crazy hard they party
because you know like you know like per
Ricans Hispanics Dominicans Mexicans
Spain people you know Spanish people
Hispanic you they party hard just like
our you know we have a lot of common
Arabs party hard so we just came here
bought Grand Theft Auto 6 and we brought
this baby that's somewhere inside the
game stuff I don't know who he is but we
got him present little farm so I was
like another six this is the aftermath
with the Puerto Rican festival I wanted
to go like it's crazy look
like oh my god those trees Vesta Sabra
I'm a fan of you how you do I don't vote
no good can't play soccer with you guys
show me a move okay okay okay hey hey
hey do me a killing oh he's killing in a
block hey hey hey hey how I can't you do
that huh
too busy playing video games
son
I use my second hit some of the homies
Tyler and Gabriel this whole table all
you got a total okay we doing it then
you look so short Missy good man yeah
that's what happens oh so happens when
you're a father of two oh then come on
come on storm Z zero days ago bosses
bosses okay okay
listen you're a crybaby yeah you know I
just keep it you grab me keep me you got
Mosin is ruthless so I'd like Kanye
handy yeah she's heavy you know she's
nicer than muscle muscle is the babble
I'm son is my Sonia here listen to see
one yeah yeah because please good
oh boy looking for the epic I'm hugging
Harvick reduce a hug it is a smash one
how do you say it in Spanish peso that's
what I read was a book investment that's
great TV a lot of some Puerto Rican
either Puerto Rican I guess vessel
muscle
I love it and I'm puttin X tomboy thank
you so much
I always matter here always your life
anything you're fine with them thank you
so thank you so much she's a perfect
they got Sun this thing okay thank you
so much water we can
I'm put a Rican heart too and also even
the festivals thank you
Oh
was it is a savage he's such a funk beat
him up beat him up are you good
ready to play games yeah yes yeah let's
go almost half the giver five your five
high five
you always driver
oh he's color Reba its color we were was
the Kalima they hear me say they were so
so sweet that was so fucking Rio
protected me a shout-out to those two
Latino FIFA aka Maria what are called
her she's so sweet her in her friend
what's wrong with you buddies widows I'm
just because it's people around you know
Louise eat up at the head of it oh my
god what kind of thing is it and albino
Burmese python it's a one-day take in
each one each one is very soon that
that's a luchador gender yeah
the king
yeah a king I said oh hey me my dad just
please father look so funny mother most
of the Remo you guys get me please all
up inside caribou back
you bet okay okay okay okay okay you
guys can get out like she's ahh I am so
hungry today
Mohsen dude does it every single time
I'm so hungry today but we have about a
minute like look at that wow what is
that Wow I don't look nice I think this
is like but later with chocolate looks
dope
we're here we have about temos it stop
hey look it's leaking any different
about tell me the stuff
we're playing Grand Theft Auto 5 with
the PlayStation Samba so much cheese as
usual we got a lot more coming and we
need okay do me gang it's time to wrap
up this vlog I hope you all enjoyed this
vlog if you did make sure you had a
thumbs up and go turkey I just uploaded
the video of the whole Skype that I had
me and the kid who disrespected at
Summit
and everything like that but I can see a
lot there's a lot of like Muslim haters
like trying to defeat the dislikes like
that against me so so mad so I want you
guys to go on my past two videos and
just give it a thumbs up and keep that
ratio he would go on his video give it a
dislike and show that it was disrespect
for what he did I know I already told
him in described that it's freedom of
speech but you don't have to do freedom
of speech in a negative way you can do
it in a positive way you can say what
everyone in a positive way don't create
hate or create any negative negative
energy around something that we love and
something that we care about just cause
a lot of people if you make fun of what
they believe in
they don't care like a sense of humor
but other Muslims we care we we care
about it this it means a lot to us
that's why that's why we're so
passionate about Islam and stuff like
that's just it's just something that we
care about so hope you guys all
understand thank you guys so so much for
those all your love and support every
single day that guys have been showing
it truly means the world to me gang
thank you from the bottom of heart you
guys you guys got three million views on
my latest video on my main channel three
million views in six days are dooming a
three million views in six days
mashallah like this is crazy
that is wild that's like oh my god you
guys are seriously you guys a killing
right now do me a right now is at the
top of the gang right now thank you guys
so so much my body my heart I can't
thank you guys enough and I really hope
these videos every single day make you
guys smile thank you guys for being by
my side and everything it truly means
the world does do me a
take care uh peace LA
