hey guys what's up in to me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so if we're
having an amazing day
you guys should be having an amazing day
well here walking around our
neighborhood just taking a brotherly
walk and we got to get some stuff for
the family so we're gonna tell you guys
what up so this is the famous messages
in NYC the one that me and my family go
to the one right there
what does go I never knew the name of
out it's called it I'll call it watch
because it looks like butts but I don't
wanna stop man I girl me know girl I see
Michiko
so they call it mission and queen so
because the people of quoits helped make
it I'm like that's a shout-out to the
people from quoit making his dope
message and NYC I've been going to the
mission pocket all my life
Jamel goes to school there and me bruh I
got some crazy memories in that much
just the security is to hate us because
we're so bad when younger he's to kick
us out like it can't kick this out my
message it let's go little closer to it
so we can show you guys a little more
into there's a lot of new subscribers of
you guys on this channel without the
likes the outlines of the right here
shows the time
it's like a garden analyst going
smell a tomorrow hey we're not answering
messages wait Wow
it's flowers a few I love it wait my
work one day a bug is gonna come my nose
when I'm doing that what I love about it
is that it's so so huge it's probably
like four floors and so we're gonna go
inside
yes we're now in a message just finished
praying to attack us just for Gordon ian
is so huge and beautiful with this look
at this wow this is so beautiful you
could just legit lay down and sleep and
you'll feel so relaxed oh yeah I'm gonna
give you guys a little tour these local
ions here I keep walking here this is
what hope will take place what takes
place here right up there so the big box
is over there
I know haha a man was right there people
fight to be like enough to be in this
position right this is what a man
Mic Check Mic Check Mic Check Amanda's
legit here but my chest
yeah over here is the woman section
that's where my mom goes right there she
goes up
as mark my words Monday I'm going to be
given a dino beer when I go downstairs
anymore whoo
you
this is Batman yeah Oh lights up when
you walk let's go down even more another
part the bottom part imagine he's
watching mission would be watching
pretending to drown Frank
Justin out I just seen it shout out to
you guys what's up
I like your shirt man I get one we're
the same size but all if you give me at
the same time okay thank you guys so
much that message is so so beautiful so
it makes me feel so peaceful when you're
in there by the way his name is Ibrahim
I just come Apes up ever since I was
younger call me somebody wants to I hope
you ate like a monkey so that I call
them ape like he's a monkey a girl I
would call I know he looks like a girl
about it go
he's try to put his IV lotion it's like
a specific kind of like like medicine
lotions my dad's I know he's even using
it Hamza Hamza I know you're there don't
use that lotion it's not good the one
that I use is good actually gave like
you know gave you like good lotion you
trying to use the medic medic medicine
lotion
Hamza throw that that's medicine lotion
Orla oh you crazy
oh you're lovely it's reddish emotion
what's up Adam again so I just got home
and Rima is outside and I came up with
this cool cool idea because Rima is so
scared of dogs so I'm gonna put like
this dog noise on my laptop like this
dog sound effect and I'm gonna pretend
to tell Rima that we bought a puppy we
bought a big dog matter of fact because
she's scared of the big big dogs we're
gonna see how she reacts when she hears
the dog so let's see how it goes to me
yeah alright so I'm gonna put my laptop
with the sound effects under the pillow
and I'm gonna bring Reema in and pretend
that we have a dog she's not gonna
like this is good is good ready what's
up Reem are you doing good doing good
sir me five he said what hamd Allah are
you so cute I got a surprise for you
it's a big big surprise ready we have a
dog now yard we have a big dog nice is
God rhemas nice and sweet
Rima it's a please dog oh but you feets
no no it's guys good dog
I'm i but look right now you're ready
you know it's in my dad's room right now
we're gonna have to go see it
Rima give me a hand let's go see no no
wonder God you Rima let's go see us I
know do nothing not don't wanna go with
you
I give me a let's go see look um come on
slowly slowly how do you peek and see
okay pika check it going in doggy calm
down rimas coming in you like to be like
that means I want to play with you
we move up we Marimo just calm down this
coming to Rhema don't worry my doing it
likes you like saying a name a dog
language it is yes it it's coming what
do you say doggy you wanted to cover her
eyes you said coffee eyes cover both
with both hands with both hands do it
both hands with both hands go like this
you want you wanted to do what five
push-ups he's a good fighter 300 yeah
he's gonna come up do it hurry up
oh yeah how are you hurry up imma keep
going what you say oh you won't be much
to slap Hamza what I haven't do it Reema
son hurry up is gonna get us Mac you
okay okay
what what do you want to do you went to
what everybody hurry okay you wants you
to take a nap take a nap take it up
everyone look limitless you see the dog
should have been here every one did you
like that you know who is this a nice
prank why why was it a nice prank huh
you don't like dogs
yeah but those are good no yes they are
all right oh do me gang it's time to
wrap up this vlog I hope you all enjoyed
this vlog if you did make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go turkey give it a
huge huge thumbs up because tomorrow is
the big day means slim or finally having
a basketball game and it is 1,000% sure
I really hope nothing goes down we have
to push
but for now it's a hundred thousand
percent sure that we have in our game
tomorrow so hopefully we have a nice fun
sliding game and I'll see you guys
tomorrow dummy Aang take care
ah pitch I like
