oh yeah what is that
we're gonna do to that dude it that let
me see that we do that Hey
I'm gonna set the vlog in three two one
hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so much fun I've
been amazing having a that's a special
day
as you guys can see the people at house
you okay yeah son son as you guys can
see the three people that are fasting is
me Hilah and Hamza and Rima who is not
is so energized so I just by looking at
that you guys can know who's fasting
who's not me or not fasting you are
fasting rebel would you today
and
and waiting for the food get ready oh
this is what this man had tell Evans
she's my god but she actually did eat
some chips and some snacks ah she ate
yesterday right now we are heading to
Best Buy because I want to go choose out
something for Hilah for a birthday gift
I'm a taker I haven't took a high/low
for so long Suhaila we're gonna take you
out ready yeah what in this handsome she
was into one dance one dance music
that's what was odd what that is kind of
what is this no rule only vocals so
Hyland times that have this new method
where you know you're not supposed to
listen music learn while you're fasting
but they listen to music without the
music without the instrumentals without
the be set up like that
it listens to it with just vocals so
I'll call Highland this into Zane's
Zanesville album it was just vocals
vocals only and the funny thing is a
couple a couple years ago but I believe
like three four years ago hey Lou she
was a little younger but she was only
listening to say music she was only
listening to say music because he was
Muslim she thought it was like no hello
- Latoya don't run so Hayley chose out
one of those cameras those old school
cameras where you press on it this bad
boy and then a horrible doubt they'd
have
also cameras you click on it they're
coming up this is what happens when you
watch cartoons for about three to four
hours you end up hooking out straight on
the floor hey mom why do you watch the
weirdest things ever
oh I doubt yes you do Rima Hamza and
Hina that yes squad with Dina and me
Muhsin with a team no team do you know
I'm saying yes no yes yes yes yeah yeah
you give me thumbs here alright guys I
got a package I just came to my house I
do not know what it is it is from nas
all the way from the UK this is from I
said why is Muhsin excited like it's for
him for me this is something honey says
Armani solid Armani
he's winning our money shirt but how is
the way to money shirt not send me
something us Armani
well that's sick what's in there there's
just a little square looks like a
birthday cake I might as a birthday king
like yeah open it it is a what is this
is he proposed to me nah see you're
proposing to me sending me a ring hey oh
my god to see you like so many stuffed
over hey oh my god is a watch this is
dope it is a watching our money watch
now we got two watches I got the Apple
watch that is charging right now and I
got this dope Armani
NAS why would you get this Armani watch
is a super expensive already good visit
check nas thank you so so much from the
bottom of heart I appreciate everything
you do and yeah much love and I can't
wait to see you probably after I'm
hopefully gonna kill it after I'm gone
and now I got a new watch on dallisa it
is a bad time now we got some fresh
brick oven pizza NYC famous piece of
rice cheese sambusa I see it's coming my
dad
Villa do me a got a little surprise for
you I'm sure you got someone who hasn't
came for so long where has it been
analyzed for a while and he is here
wearing my hat so they won't see him
McDonald sign hairline huh yeah I don't
I don't get the run yeah I look like
it's trying to spell what's up I did you
guys should have a rose battle humza
versus Gemma Rose Valley is ready for
this Rose battle yes I already okay so
Jim as gonna go first this is gonna be a
roast Matt all right uh-huh okay it's
gonna be rules battle versus Hamza Hamza
and Jimin and Jamal is gonna go first
ready go look at teeth it's yellow it
looks like the Sun oh oh my god oh my
god oh my god
I can you fucking up in it hello well
Jim I came back hard man Jim I came back
in the vlogs and you what happened what
good man your bald-headed so know your
mind so much stuff obviously the future
torrid Wow
who's it he puts you to silent mode man
this is good you bad guys rose yeah
hello come on let's turn together come
on guys Roosevelt look you're like DJ
Khaled's son oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my braces right you look like a
rabbit with one Teague afk oh this guy's
putting you on silent mode my Merida
matters the roastmaster wrote to Matt
aka the roastmaster I will give you
another chance
go come on you're seven years old you
have three girlfriends that they broke
up with you oh all your pride oh my god
hi you oh my god it's
hey husband I give it out but let's see
what comes after this radioman game as
from go you told you have no girlfriend
oh my god you must I'm a psychic I'm a
son him I'm sorry but today
juh man roasted you and he won the rap
battle no the Rose battle my bad hey
let's go well let's go I guys leaving
the comments below who do you think won
this one is it was it Jim at all was it
Hamza you guys let us on the council I
think it's Jamal next time don't do have
it around to next time okay oh this is a
roast battle not a fight battle oh my
god today's gone on I Omega saga stop
stop stop
what's up ado me gang so I am back here
with another bedtime story with Adam D
this is a crazy bedtime story and it
involves my sister so you guys have
never seen my sisters in like video and
if like that I probably showed you guys
about the family tree I have three older
sisters three older sisters so I'm gonna
give you guys I'm gonna tell you guys
how they are so you guys can like image
to like know how like it like what they
are does my oldest sister looks the
youngest my second older sister has the
same exact personality as me literally
the same exact personality as me and the
youngest sister which she sewed older
than me but she's the young sister out
of them all she looks the most like me
like she's literally my clone the one
I'm gonna be talking about today is the
one who looks just like me so when I was
nine years old in the fourth grade every
single day there will be a new bully who
would bully me for no reason well the
reason was because like I was Muslim a
9/11 happened so every single day I
would get bullied and I was the only
Muslim in the whole school literally the
only Muslim in the whole school
including my two brothers so there was
this kid in my class he was the biggest
bully I'm not going to say his name
because I don't know if you even watches
this I don't want to say his name like
that but he was the biggest bully ever
like when I say the biggest bully this
guy was disgusting I do not even want to
say the things he's too
he's matter of fact i'ma tell you that's
one thing but is so disgusting
you guys do not even probably do want to
know i'ma have to tell you guys so you
guys can see what kind of stuff they
used to do to me so this kid he used to
put his finger I'm like I can't believe
I'm saying this but oh my god oh my god
this is like he's to put his finger in
his own butt and his own butt right and
like literally take out like oh my god I
can't say it's so disgusting this is so
so disgusting he's to put his finger in
his butt and he's to come to me like Oh
Adam I got this new cologne man I want
you to smell it like an idiot I am I
used to be way too nice Oh whenever I
hear be nice to me and telling me he
smells come on I'm like hey sure why not
and when I go to smell it this dude
would push his finger in my mouth and it
was the nastiest thing ever and it's not
even like till this day this is probably
one of the most messed up things that
someone has ever done see that's the
kind of disgusting things they used to
do I can seriously go on for days
telling you guys the nasty things they
used to do too but now you guys have an
image of what they used to do to me so
I'm gonna tell you guys something about
me and my sister so my sister was in
junior high school middle school and I
was in elementary school which is the
first second third floor and my sister
was in the fourth floor that's her
middle school and I'm in elementary
school so the kids in my class were
playing a game is called the knockout
game where they just grab like random
people and they put them in a chokehold
and try to knock them out like they
purposely go behind them like without
them knowing and just go really hard
like this until they literally get
knocked out and they just like take
their stuff in their pocket and just run
away that was literally a game like that
was a game that was like a sport for
them and I've seen them do it to so many
kids like little rightful my's they did
it to so many kids in front of my eyes
and the kids were literally like sleep
it would literally be knocked out and
they would just take his cell phone
money it was so worthless like days to
try to steal the money in pocket after
the knock them out it was like a quarter
like he did all that for a quarter like
what you gonna buy a bag of chips what
the heck are you happy like yeah I
Maxima now man just to get you know a
quarter and back I bought a bag of chips
ran off you're happy man so one time at
the end of the class I was ready to go
home around five to ten minutes I heard
the whole class whispering and talking
about knocking me out and putting me in
a choke hold
and basically knocking me out and taking
all the stuff that I had in my pocket I
seriously had just like like two dollars
in my pocket so they're willing to knock
me out put me in the floor for two
dollars so we ready to go home I'm
standing on press set of classmates
standing up I'm just waiting five more
minutes and I'm looking around and I'm
seeing on the lookout like I don't want
no one to grab me or do anything like
that five minutes was up and school was
over and all of us left the classroom so
I was so happy I'm I guess no one got me
I can leave in peace handle and I'll
continued walking so while I was walking
out of school and trying to get out the
building I saw a water fountain so I
started drinking from the water fountain
because we just had gym and I was so
thirsty so while I was drinking from the
water fountain the same nasty bully who
did that little thing that he did of his
button put in our mouth he came right
behind me and grabbed me in a chokehold
it was even worse because I was just
drinking water so I was choking on the
water and I was choking on him choking
me so I was grabbing his here then I'll
screaming sold out I was choking my legs
were up in the air like this and all my
other classmates or should I say bullies
they were waiting for him to like knock
me out so I can get to the floor and
they can take my stuff and I can hear
them I can hear like little echoes
because I was slowly like getting
knocked out can hear little echo saying
do a little harder bro do a little
harder grab it kind of in a pinch point
grab his neck I seriously thought I was
gonna die because all I heard was like
echoes I was seeing black and white just
slowly and smoothly I was slowly dying
it was probably one of the worst
feelings ever because I went from being
alive to slowly like dying into like a
black cloud the bully continues to choke
me up while my legs are up in the air he
continues to choke me up as hard as he
can this bully was in the form of the
great at nine years old but he was
really really big he was a big fourth
grader so he kept choking me as hard as
he can with all the power he had but I
got so so lucky because five to ten
minutes after the elementary school
students leave the middle school people
leave and it was five to ten minutes
after I left so the middle school people
from upstairs are going downstairs and
going home and I got so lucky because
one of those middle school students I
were born downstairs
was my sister in that school I was in
anyone that goes downstairs there's like
a really big window and you can see each
floor I was in the second floor my
sister was in the fourth floor so my
sister was going downstairs from the
fourth floor she went to the third
for that she went to the second floor
and she looked out the window of that
door and she saw around eight people who
are surrounding me and one person who
was choking me up like this I was like
75 80 percent knocked out but I still
see my sister I see my sister so so
clear my sister's looking closely
through the window she's like wait who's
that is that Adam my brother and I'm
looking close he's like screaming for
dear help
so this sister of mine who looks just
like me she's the quiet one she's kind
of quiet so while I'm getting choked up
I'm literally begging all that come do
something come come my sister continues
to look closer she's like wait that's I
know my son brother Adam all I see was
like a black cloud around me and like
the circle getting smaller and smaller
like I can see this like this it was
like this like it started like this and
when you get more knocked out would go
like that like that like that like that
so I was at the point like this I was
like this was looking at my sister when
I was so close to me and knocked out I
seen my sister open the door and I've
never seen this side of my sister she
opened the door she went up to the bully
he was choking me and I'm not even
joking this is all my sister she gave
him that one hitter quitter like his paw
right on the bully's face literally
right on the bully's face got the bully
all the other classmates didn't expect
it because she's a girl but my sister
grabbed me started blowing like air on
me putting some water and I was slowly
coming back to life all the bullies
figured out that I was my sister and
they ran away they seriously ran away
from my sister who was really skinny
really shy and really quiet but she gave
him that one dirty right hook I slowly
come back to life and I'm like wait like
what the hell just happened my sister
just saved my life like I seen darkness
and I'm seeing it like I'm I feel like
I'm about to die the my sister came and
literally saved my freakin life ever
since that day I put some respect
on my sister's name that was my bedtime
story with Adam the theme of this is
anyone who's out there who's young and
you guys get bullied make sure you guys
tell someone or get help from the school
the mistake that I made is that I never
told anyone so I would get bullied every
single day I never told anyone for you
guys what I'm telling you guys tell
someone even if you guys sound like a
snitch even if you guys sound like
you're a punk make sure you tell someone
or else the bully will not stop I'm
telling you this now get help whether it
is a family
number someone from school get help from
someone do not stay quiet stand up to
yourself and it's your life who cares
what they think
so stand up for yourself and most of all
love yourself and don't let no one bully
you thank you a duma gank for everything
I hope you guys enjoyed this bedtime
story if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go tert if you made it to
the end and listened to this whole story
and you enjoyed it make sure you give it
a thumbs up and go Turkey thank you guys
so much for a little support it truly
means the world and you guys have been
showing like amazing amazing support
thank you so so much you guys got around
40 to 50 thousand thumbs up and
yesterday's video from the bottom of my
heart thank you guys so so much looming
egg for always being there I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and pitch I like
you
