do me again it is the next morning right
now I'm literally leaving being who cups
all the guys would leave its inner city
in like 30 40 minutes lovely got some
good news fell back so the cops everyone
got the license plate of the guy who
stole everything and I every me if you
guys do not know what they stole
literally so everything the cameras
Louis Vuitton bags laptop solar stuff
everything love clothes my socks are the
same shit with this look how do you
think might believe there was a neighbor
that had a camera goes right in the
front door like right in the front door
he was like a retired elderly person
okay the camera he's watching over so
you can see the directory and everything
like we've got literally every we spoke
to all the neighbors they gave us a
whole description so much thank you so
much the guy who the guy literally shot
the guy living saw someone going in and
out of the house taking this stuff so
you save yourself left in the camera
show the driving off the license plate
of the person the car the colored car
the time frame every night time do you
guys do not know we saw the footage the
cops have the footage we know literally
everything but license plate we have
everything it's our choice wanna press
charges on him and we would like out of
ourselves with our hearts charges we're
willing to drop everything if you ask
handed everything on instead of police
boy absolutely just drop it off drop
everything you have that's the police
station we're building not to press
charges at all bro but it's not me
saying anything to you because we gave
him those gave the order to the police
but literally like this
this dude's call he's caught
yeah yeah not only no grudges we're not
gonna charge if you don't want to put
you in jail you probably have family you
have also cuz you like broke you said
that's just bro that I hope I hope if
anybody has any information hit us up
through whatever it's just enough to in
that person just yeah man I just turn it
in sounds off its now goes we've turned
it in then every don't be scared we're
sending you up or not yeah we're not
we're not just trying to get our stuff
but if not then how come on games
everyone chooses to go watching watching
each other to watch others shot yo
subscribe 10 the link is down below
check them out keep them updated and off
like they saw is there is no learning
experience with you guys you have
stories to tell but it's all good the
show that shows every shot like you get
our stuff back man they don't carry her
you
