I'm not your dad no I'm not your dad
okay so I just posted the vlog it says
no views I'm gonna refresh it right now
and see who's the first to like and
comment let's see okay the first person
there's been 235 thumbs up just in a
couple seconds and the first comment is
damn is 157 view but all these people
are the first people to comment thank
you guys so so much for being first
being first is like an achievement so
this is why I'm giving you guys you know
putting guys in a vlog it's like you
know it's a really hard achievement
thank you
hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
y'all having an amazing day because why
do you have to pick your nose when I'm
starting to freaking plug don't pick
your nose don't and he's putting in his
mouth now nasty bro do you nasty I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing amazing day hey what's up
Boston is actually a really good mood
today usually he's so rude thing is that
mr. Paul with sad music is here
the way mustard says baa-baa so funny he
didn't say Baba he says ba ba da ba ba
so Rima actually fasted today for a half
a day but when she broke her fast she
came to my face and started eating all
the snacks that I bought for me and her
but it's not fair because she's eating
up what happens when you vlog in New
York City just a bunch of like horns and
a bunch of babies
so Rima ate all my snacks and it's like
seriously like getting me so max I'm so
hungry guys watch this whose boat is it
doesn't care Momsen is a type of baby
we're like if you just leave him alone
he'll just walk off you don't even care
where he goes i guy leave in the
comments below Marcin is a type of baby
comments get MCUs
my son is a cyber baby if his dad is
lost he'll still give it to me getting a
kiss this dude keep saying Baba Baba
yes yes Marlon weapon guys he's calling
me Baba now this is crazy
who's Baba what happened what
I'm not your dad no I'm not sure that
nothing
let's see where he goes this dude is
running he's so smart he knows where his
dad is he's so smart where is he where
is he this is the
we found is that he founded that he
found me
take him ten minutes yeah I shot him
pretend to be than heaven he's looking
at all know Viva huh my night like every
mo he's so smart
where's Remo what do you mean mom she's
hiding right there
most of the defenders will hear him come
twice it is one of the smartest on your
old babies much a lot alike it's crazy
he literally bought if he walked around
the whole thing he knew he was exactly
you were going that's what he got
another exactly he was going then I was
trying to pretend to me that then you
call me bother these I hope you don't
got a big here that's his mama
let me see this okay one let me see this
well not anymore
one that was mine
that's what happens if you chip oh
that's what happened
what
hate me hey massa
how can you hate Muslim take it say you
love him say sorry
let's so crispy I love BMW so sick
you
Alex oak
gossip look what I'm walking with
outside this is so embarrassing Lee my
walking like this little bears the
funniest thing does happen I'm here waka
dream I ain't knows pink glasses Rima
has a classmate I was walking on with
her dad and the classroom is walking
with the same exact glasses and Rima has
the same guys at glasses in the in the
car so I'm like wait those glasses just
like Rima but then it's also my pocket a
she's right here oh my god
it's right here and then Rima was like
Camilla hi Camilla and they hugged each
other like talking like they're adults
and I'm like what the heck is going on
and then lick around the room was like
oh she's in my class and I'm like what
this is the funniest thing go look for
Baba and Rima well you have that on go
look for that way go look for them or
are they come on this deal is so funny
hey put that hang
he found them he found the right there
the right thing I have to open the door
he found ya the doodle that a fondue
Marcella hook I used to be so scared of
these when I was younger really the
scariest thing ever guys to go in there
and I used to see like I said think like
monsters are attacking really guys look
how scary this thing you do you guys
have these in your country like I
remember going to the UK I never seen
like any of these with someone they're
just been like literally an hour hand
wash they wax it they move the scratches
different stuff that's really yeah Remo
yeah we're done just kind of chopping it
go inside don't step so how much does it
get in the car if he'd want me to step
in the mattress this is it going like
this already I'm gonna dive in I'm a
dive in the car ready I'm diving in Oh
uh-huh so we're going for shopping if
that time is around in an hour and I'm
so so hungry seriously a little do you
want everything and you get this so it
is
jump low stumbles like both on this with
this this I don't know every just keep
on Wisconsin also on
all of this also our soda ginger Bell
soda peanut butter jelly have have more
ammo oughta know what else you get a
pineapple even pass the pineapple
Obama is speaking on Muslims right now
what is he saying
my man Obama's Muslim Americans feel
like their government is betraying my
man Obama you go miss Obama when the new
president comes man you got me so long
you know mister today we got fried Oreos
inspired by haley and hamza cuz fried
Oreos they always make that and this is
oh my god up dog here we got cheese
sambusa and some chicken I am so hungry
I'm gonna go ten minutes ago I can't
wait I'm sorry there's about five
minutes ago
for a flatte I just want to say to
always be thankful always be grateful
and this online seriously has taught me
a lot more as a person taught me to be
even more patient it taught me to you
know to appreciate everything around me
family friends and just like anything in
life to always be happy and to always
stay positive and look at you know look
at the bright side like the positive
side and anything that you see in life
and I'm so hungry I'm thinking about my
head is like food but seriously all
jokes I'd always be grateful and always
be thankful for what you have and just
be happy and don't let anyone get you
mad but don't let anyone take that smile
out your face because seriously everyone
who's watching us right now
you guys deserve a smile on your face
every single day so always keep that
smile on your face I am gonna go eat so
I'm gonna see you guys after if not
pitch so I just got here to the city and
one thing that I learned today is do not
buy so many foods so many snacks because
once you either if thought you're going
to be super full after a couple bites is
just your mind's like telling you get
this you want that you want this
then after a while you do not want
anything so all my snacks literally home
and just nobody has opened they're
nothing like that
today I am heading to the movie theater
so we'll see how today go but up what is
good he's finally early poems
some of the label we're going to the
movie theater to see which movies we
should choose and in New York City the
main movie theatres are this AMC movie
theater or the one right across the
street regal theaters there's two movie
theaters I know the competition's right
across the street so some just got here
I'm having a debate when I had a debate
well I want to watch this game will be
conjuring 2 he wants to watch a funny
movie pops foreign laugh he's usually
down for whatever you guys pick on him
see this one scam movie
well I since caramel bro all the jins'
are locked up I know but this is much as
scary I see me beat the I love scene of
scared like yeah she's going this every
night stupid I'm not a supervisor I
realize like you know chill watching
funny movie laughs that's how I feel
about laughs and that being scaling low
I bet it's funny I'm a lot of imma laugh
when I watch scary you laugh awesome
coming no but I can love what I was
given no I don't want Rogerson rock your
hips it's a shoot of rock paper scissor
shoot bitch no you want I guess if you
want you got to put it aside I'm sick
wonderful butter in your popcorn this
this pop course was slim by the way part
is slim say thing and then you go like
this load Oh
that's it your butter is going in all
the way I like to put on top though you
gonna put on top two thorns
that's knit yesterday just got eaten
theatres
you keep nicely back ready to go
hmm hey listen in Japanese a sisterhood
in making best friends for life okay
hot tub all brand-new how to do so we
just left the movie theater and the
movie was really really funny but I
think I could've been I'm nothing
could've been funnier but my favorite
part was with Selena Gomez wasn't it
wasn't like 2 minutes the movie oh
that's my favorite to the head there's
just things like you can sneak in and
like see the whole like New York City
you're not a lot of going was going to
add amen
I was locked well you pretty much you go
there and you can see the whole city
which looks so so dope alright welcome
guys to the pregame interview with Adam
solid and swim-a butter this is gonna be
I am bad I'm sorry
when ocean lovely vote it's the motion
Franco who all right think about you Oh
like you don't she anyway I'm gonna ask
a few questions
see how they feel about the magic all
right sup Adams yeah how do you feel
about taking on Slim's you know he's
lucky the same say in a boxing match
he's gonna be a basketball member
luckylove you must get his magic which
it had that oho okay let me start them
let me speak let me speak under who's
smarter speak
Thomas was referencing respect right now
healing gotta respect my name after this
game he's gonna put some respect on my
neighborhood
he always says you don't want support is
boxing but basketball is also with my
support and I'm waiting for this week to
play the game I'm shocked the world
shocked the world honestly
and those old statements hello how are
you gonna approach the game with Adam
first of all as a game plan why coming
up will be a too easy
I used to wearing a preferred oh my how
many am I not being on the court it's
like you get into a baby this is me so
fun auntie easy offices this you no no
my tank Adam how close is the game the
game gonna be you guys I think um like
how hard I'm getting it whichever gave
it a thing is gonna have half of my
points half your point yeah what happens
if i press the over what me thank you
it's a la whatever but if you know
saying that will happen his life
but why don't you guys put a little
wager on this game huh like a bad bet
something over there you guys are taking
my working women shall I talk to you are
touch my hat Adam sorry sir my back
water smell you think this is a joke
John doing on that for a little joke you
get to a second back but I'm not telling
you that
after getting all the cuts me no say
this is something you wanna beat as the
basketball game is coming really really
soon having a couple days maybe tomorrow
maybe after tomorrow
give me unexpected for the flops or the
vlogs will stay on the lookout it should
be nice having this you be rough
alright but what would my but my trustee
would you respect my goals yes i'll but
i trust you that sort of thing yes
hiren hi guys so we're gonna make moan
to keep the referee but I'm gonna trust
you Nikki forgot you I'm trusting you
all are we go watch I trust you go about
to go out by whistle by a stranger come
on shorty steel referee I trust him
and let's see y'all go okay do me gang
it's time to wrap up this vlog I know
this is like the worst part ever but
everything as good comes to an end and
I'm ending this fog but tomorrow is
going to be a new vlog and it's gonna be
a crazy crazy vlog and travel and I hope
you guys enjoyed this video if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey the domain you guys have been
showing crazy crazy support on the vlogs
lately so thumbs up if you're true
writer that I do me let's try to reach I
don't know Go Go 30,000 thumbs up let's
see how many of you or here and watch it
till the end and you guys are just like
active so thank you guys so so much and
hope you guys appreciate the vlogs I
give you guys every single day I serious
just want to make you guys smile and
brighten up your days and just take you
guys on this journey with me that's
called life so I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me Hank
take care umm pitch I love you
