what Ramana how you just harass
hey guys what's up and Umi gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing night you all should be
having an amazing amazing Ramadan move
on of the guys it's all done first day
time on day one I'm gonna Bob's you know
what I'm saying we're gonna turn up the
headlight bike that I'm on that way I
got this on because I want to tell you
guys something really really cool I want
to share with you guys something really
really dope with you guys and I want all
the men out there who are my age older
younger which is it's more targeted to
the younger ones like we're on the age
of what 8 to 20 i seduce when i was
around 7 years old in yemen all right
something really really cool ok so make
your own messages at home this is really
really dope like if you don't go pray
during the US market up like at the
Masjid make your own message at home I
used to record my event my like my voice
my event and I said put in the radio and
at specific times as a go press play or
now technology is really really good you
can set up something and make like your
own dad come up at a specific time I'm
going to show you guys right now so
during the during Oscar method your than
your voice is going to come up and you
can leave the pray with your whole
family and it's an amazing amazing
feeling and plus you feel like a boss
you know thank you feel like a true and
man you know what I'm sorry Hello Kitty
don't hit me
time to hit Dara Ramadan you're not
gonna pay with me ya know first thing
you do is record the van with your voice
whoever wants to be there ma'am you guys
can take turns if your brothers or
family so you record yourself which I'm
about to do right now so if you guys
don't want to get your ears hurtin but
if you guys want to just listen to it
cuz I said then do it if not and press
you if you want to hear my horrible
horrible voice make sure you have a
little before you do it so it can be
like can be clean you know what I'm
saying you know grab it clean have face
- right publi and everything before you
do it and record yourself so it should
go good I'm gonna do that then and
during like prayer times when you steps
here anything he can that is me he can
leave the prayer it's just there's
something really fun that gets together
that's something that's a like I don't
want tip that I love doing so so much
and I want to like spread it with you
guys I just do it so long ago and I'll
bring it back
along
my shadow
Hey
hi-yah
hi
hi y'all
Oh
Oh
alone
why
so if you guys notice my voice is kind
of raspy because my voice is still gone
I've been like having this loss of voice
for so long and it's so annoying so my
voice is kind of raspy and then that I
was doing and I made like I made it like
a day like this effect where it's a
large room effect that sounds like it's
in a large room so it sounds like I'm in
a message so I didn't want it to be
normal I want it I want you guys at when
you can we listen to what it's actually
actually feel like that I'm like saying
that than while like I'm in a message so
to anyone that listens to that then I
put a little large room microphone kind
of effect I feel like that was much
better but I'm going to show my dad
right now and I'm not going to tell him
it's me cuz my daddy's to teach me like
that then I had a my dad talking all
this like how to make your own messages
at home when I was 7 years old so I'm
away I'm here it and I'm gonna see what
he says am I gonna tell him it's me
alright so Bob I gotta show you
something panitch a nice amount cutter
then alright he's you know he's good
really good you tell me if it's good or
not okay okay okay
yeah
Hey
what do you think really nice house good
and the blah
are you good pretty good yeah you know
those me right huh that was me
very good all I am attached along with
Allah he thinks us don't lie to me cuz
he's going to unlock huh one may talk no
more than a hotel or my dad is a
beautiful wah except I get you sure of
course my daddy I love you but I love
you P Lydon whether Isis on the street
no one loves me like a baby you know I
don't I know you should you the one I
showed you when our suffering is old
what so you guys don't know what we hear
this is where my message it takes place
this is my own message at home
I don't really require much here because
my little brother's you know he feels
about the camera and plus we're praying
so yeah but over here is pretty much my
message it's we can add some here in the
back if anyone kids like the little kids
but usually would be like my older
brother me a little brother and my
nephew and Rima comes in show coming
Marcelo come in sometimes and just
bother us keep messing with us why I
keep my photos huh no don't start with
that no he's just doing good yeah boy
yes girl yes girl
I do me gang so I just got done praying
us and I read some Quran I'm trying to
complete the Quran every year I try to
do it and I'm always so close but this
year I have a feeling that I'm actually
gonna do it because I'm doing really
good so far like I read a lot I don't
want to jinx it I want to show myself
even doing that I don't know what jig
sevilla nothing like that so i'll let
you guys know every day little by little
how it's going but this is basically
what i'm showing you guys throughout my
day of my day of fasting which is day
one today and i showed you guys how to
like you know be make your own messages
at home and now when some people want to
work out some people want to play sports
somebody want to do something don't
sleep that's one thing don't sleep
because it'll just affect I don't know
you can CBS take a nap but don't sleep
don't be that sleeper where you sleep
like eight hours and stuff right now
it's after ask and method of is around
in like two three hours so if you want
to work out play basketball go out do
anything have fun do it now which is
after a so by the time you come back it
is almost gonna be method up and it's
time to
and you don't have to wait and be like
I'm hungry for like a whole hour so me
and my older brother about to go outside
and show go times out play some
basketball by the time we come back it's
going to be matter of time we can eat so
that's another one of my tips for you
guys you guys want to do anything that's
active make sure it's Aptos and before
my lips about time you come back you
ready to eat it was good you guys gonna
be see my old with a lot more on the box
turn on line cuz we might have some
turnover don't upset on Mondays now
we're gonna be good oh that's really
basketball first I'm gonna pick up Hamza
let's see how again sometimes they got
the whole Korea outfit on oh oh oh my
god oh my god no no no no no aah
why are you such how does it take that
off take that off
you're not gonna put that on meantimes I
got the same whole outfit my sister gave
him one she gave me one and it's gonna
be crazy crazy when I play slim I know
she was practicing right now with his
little brother so I went out practice it
with my older brother and my nephew
they're not ballplayers oh don't worry
about that
we're gonna go to a good basketball
court of time so I'm gonna take you guys
to a really really dope basketball court
nice always go there when I was younger
and I haven't been there for around two
five to six years there's about two to
three hours to go for if that time and
to be honest is going really really well
I'm not hungry at all
I usually anyways around five six pm
anyway so I'm not hungry at all probably
a little thirsty but hamdullah is going
really really fine
you guys don't know what side I'm gonna
show you guys the dopest what is it I
said we came here in 2008 dog is so cute
got leave the dog it's like so cute for
all of us at the basketball court almost
there this is like I grew up with these
courts these are the basketball courts
in Central Park that barely anyone knows
about only these people but it's really
really dope right here these are one
cool dog full court there's a couple
other full-course there these are the
basketball courts I love ice to play
here so ice a bust but in here I think
it might play slim here watch I can't
has to be after flap time because well
we could play learn during life are
fasting but it's getting me intense so
we're not going to do that which is
right now just practice a slimming pilot
I love you guys my boy get down shuttle
a job huh oh we just got done playing
ball is it a little just I was just
playing around just a little messing
around it's a little mess around nice
nap chapter slim fun it was kind of a
wrong idea because I'm really thirsty
now but it's all good I have around an
hour left
let's have you hungry I'm thirsty rum so
thirsty no you know whatever you be you
work or care much left Kim oh my god
don't meseta no saying I really want you
know I was avoiding with ice in it I
wanna come home
hey bout time we go home we're gonna
have around 30 minutes tops eat and then
that's pretty easy that's what I'll do
that's what I'm gonna do from now
because before I still work out really
early and they used to like make me feet
it's not really good so make sure you
work out a gak with a little bit before
if thoughts are I don't know why my
brother's doing this but it's like it
all my love oh come on Rose school ago I
just got home what's up daddy how you
doing what's up Russia I'm gonna open a
package for you guys I'm so thirsty
right now you guys do not like
understand how thirsty it's Christine
Russell on the cheek like you know
breaking that fast because like it makes
me not hungry or not thirsty wanna
kisses cheek so have an advantage
like I just drank so much water and I
ate a chocolate cake so I got a package
now as you guys know that I love
sneakers so so much like I'm not a
sneaker head but I love sneakers so so
much I have a huge sneaker collection
the last time I showed you guys my scene
sneaker collection was about a year ago
and in this package I believe is a brand
new sneakers and these are like
legendary sneakers and I'm gonna tell
you guys what it is guys thumbs up if
you want to do another sneaker
collection video
I'll show you guys all my sneakers you
guys might know what I have but there's
a lot of them that barely show by the
way this is from the homie Moby all the
way from Michigan thank you so so much
this guy's so so sweet so thank you so
so much he always keeps me fresh with
these Jordan 12 these are the legendary
jordiz the twelve Jordan played in these
exact sneakers when he had the flu he
was killing it while he had the flu
these are so hard to get and I can't
believe I have them these are so dope so
thank you so much some OB these are
added to my sneaker collection as the
usual whenever new sneakers I get I give
them a big kiss and I like it now don't
get him fast enrolled I like I'm fast hi
how are you MA bye why tell me bye
around 17 to 18 minutes to go I'm so so
thirsty and I wasn't hungry about 15
minutes ago
me my dad are here helping my mom bring
the food down here so far already got
the sample size is Somerset with cheese
and sambusa with a lot of meat that's
another tip always help your family your
mom your sister is you that because you
know that's true that's what real men do
we know who said men have to sit down
and get the food served to them real men
have to help your family and help them
you know so the supernal water may go
cold water water
you don't know how much appreciate you
this is my appreciation moment for you
never know I love you this much I never
know we love you this much I never knew
most are you fasting why you nice a yes
ladies I favor
some booty cuz we want awesome fasting
yeah you're the first thing yeah are you
lying no read my no lying
three more you might see me on yes you
are absolutely in a fish was it don't
eat in front of me wait at least fight
oh my god no
look at the cheese coming out oh I need
threw it on the floor
wow thank you this dude man he just
ruined the whole sub Musa you can't do
that this is a legacy it to me yank one
minute ago and then we can have the LA
it was so easy so sorry I'm I have a
hunger and I'm just a little thirsty but
what's so great hundred up I'm ready to
do it and I see you guys in the next
shot Robin Bobby I'm hungry hungry yeah
are you know you're fasting I am why are
you lying remiss applying go sit down
oh you know what that means okay do me
gang it is time to wrap up this vlog I
hope you all enjoyed day one of Ramadan
vlogs if you did make sure you give it a
giant giant thumbs up if you enjoyed
this Ramadan vlog thank you guys so so
much for a lot of support it truly means
the world I will see you guys tomorrow
day two of them lon and she'll
everything goes well take care err pitch
I like you
