I was so scared I'm glad garden ready
for school
my adrenaline rush was so high I swear
to God I was getting some ad it was
about a packet I was gonna go crazy
about I was coming down because I have a
kid ex aminos in
hey guys what's up Adam yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing happy day so if I'm
having an amazing every day you all
should be having an amazing happy day
this is day one for you guys abnormal on
blogs but it's not online yet for us so
they want starts better work yeah I feel
nothing of eating enough like that or
looking at even showing you guys some
nice ice caramel lot says I'm enjoy
Coachella mean hemes I just made an
escape from the house I put up all the
videos main Channel video
Bonnie scenes video and then I was
supposed to block then visitors came but
before they came meet Hamza hit that dip
like when I said hit the dip weekend
where we ranch so fast
outside like my father ran so outside
because once the visitors come me and I
was what happened he locked in our room
for eight hours and I would have a
shitty blog every day like that would
happen but I haven't the time we made an
escape we out we go eating years and uh
reading some don't go nuts I got a
little surprise for Hamza and a few
ready for it yeah it doesn't oh it is I
totally come out with me I was gonna be
stuck with the visitors in the woman
well I was like nah stop doing me Stefan
bag Naga came a little surprised if one
thing I'm so so excited about is Ramadan
vlogs they're about to be turn up there
are three crazy
anybuggy that have to say so I'm having
around without cream you shouldn't have
it not appear true I don't know it was
gonna be a crazy crazy no move on just
notice that I'm wearing
Slim's shirt I did even notes up but I
didn't even know I have some of his
clothes in my closet but when I looked
in my closet I have so many of his
clothes in like my with Michael my wife
Slim's clothes in my closet
- all right so guess where we are we're
at a phone store
they got iPhones quite a phone with the
guys always gonna like it okay what
you're doing for the excuses do you want
tandem yes can you see anything
yes you can playing my son where those
of me I really didn't see you
never set off you got it
how's this hope you like right I'm ever
I think getting has a and
because he deserves it where's the
Citroen sir see you doing one of these
Hey
we got that's where the final five let
me see the six he's putting on a glass
protector
I'm just new phone because someone is
clumsy sorry do it right there
let's say let's mention you Pro like
this huh
like a pro good so mommy hamsa just got
a brand-new phone iPhone success
oh wait I'm broke matado was first
birthday is this the least that I could
do sir zero and the only reason I'm
attending real reason why I'm giving his
phone no real reason because Hamza was
about to get a job the other day and he
have no one to call he could have called
on you can't do nothing what even is
you're like 19 years old I know Bono's
it's $60 okay but what I'm saying is you
needed a phone like so you can call me
somebody that's alright I have phone
first a number you got saved is mine so
you can call my shoes Sybil's no all
right come on buddy
now you go call me whenever something
happens like that and you got me right
you could text me whenever you could
call me whatever but don't bug me
why was he gonna be on a black and list
okay what's up Adam against the most
creepiest thing just happened and I was
just talking about how ham is that like
you better get jumped and call me up so
while we're walking walk in your Park
over here this I don't know this guy was
on something but he went up to Hamza
he's I come over here and it will become
a beer we had our brother like that he
uses some scam you say your protective
I'll say mine nope I just wanna come
over ahead over like that put me another
blind
and a future Muslim that how old are you
I'm 12 I need to movie me I'm at learn
another a he found us where we go and
like bro leave us alone
hi so me and Hamza we're walking and
walking this random dude just coming up
Tanza that come over you come come like
in a really creepy way I'm like what are
you doing then Hamza happens about to go
down like he grabbed bad ideas you gotta
have to come back he was like come over
here come on rubies hell do you have me
like 12 he's already 12 years old I got
really nice muscles he comes he tries to
touch his muscles and boom Hamza back on
yeah yeah I'm like bro what are you
doing he's like nah nothing then me and
him kept walking away he kept following
us and he took an umbrella he tried to
scare hums and me I went up to the god
I'm like y'all move back he's like oh
don't be scared man I like him he has
nice big strong muscles and he started
touching his shoulder and me I just
moved back we kept our water to work
then and then I kept put your hams away
cuz I don't know what the guy had on him
you never know we had on him he was
actually one hand on his back when
Hannah had an umbrella then cuz it's
kind of rainy but he kept trying to grab
he wants it happens that so bad I don't
know so weird so when we kept walking
away he kept following us he goes don't
be scared don't be scared I just wanna
feel your muscles come over you I need
you I might go broke but you need to get
out of here before it gets you know I
guess kind of crazy I was I want to
Paulie got so angry and I was gonna like
I was gonna something crazy but I didn't
want to Ramadhan is tomorrow I don't
want no issues I don't want to be
spending the night in like prison
because this dude there's something so
suicidal I didn't want to go down not on
a few 12 you know good I'll be hit like
the beside me I didn't know so close to
hurting the guy like so close but I
didn't want to do it because he reacted
in a negative way to people always
negative towards me I just think I just
ignored it we kept moving away and then
we just sped walking we just left but
the guy was really really creepy and it
was so scary and disgusting the stuff he
was saying he was saying so much more
stuff that was so disgusting and I don't
know why I like I like trying to get a
table you lose right in front of my face
like so so weird so creepy but
I'm the landings fine I'm glad he's fine
the only I was worried about what if
imagine he was alone and I was in there
and had no phone in like something crazy
probably cuz I have like no bond and I
love each time line I was so scared and
Gregor Adam and I didn't keep walking
scoop up my adrenaline rush was so high
I swear to God I was going and it was
about a packet I was gonna go crazy
about how I was coming down because I
have a kid XM you know saying if you're
ever alone if someone tries to do some
stupid but every do you call me you
cross the street go to a place where
it's crowded and it's funny to anybody
out there who's around the same age as
hands up if anything bad is about to
happen to you guys and I'm recommending
recommending this to you guys let's have
crap go to a crowd go to a place yeah go
to Accardo placement so if someone does
something these people there call
someone ask someone for help
don't be stony afraid to ask for how
powerfully everything will be right how
about the yemeni scholar just played a
little game of basketball
and they just be me they beat me in a
game of basketball yeah this is trainer
this is training for slim swims game
June 11 I'm seeing who they beat me
they're better than us one no I'm saying
June 11 Miami Jose they do not be acting
Hamid amen amen
I know Sam what do you understand I
begged my dad for letting me like live
here really on a sweet SOC you guys are
so sweet
let's see jump shot come on shuttle John
sha come on let's go get me homeys
shuttle jump shot whoo
see that Oh two in a row it's raining
now so we're gonna head out
crazy jungle baby I'm afraid of it we
have to be in recovery baby Oh y'all
don't know about that the Kree military
gang up what we did it's pouring outside
yeah stumbled on the bottom anything is
wet your ass yeah whoa so guess we just
got here if you got caught up in a rain
and he just gave me this amazing
birthday kit which is a dope dope at
like closer yes 93 atom solid nine to
zero I was born so baby so you didn't
have to watch it is a stable family you
have a family or half of it so thank you
so much I'm rocking it Y is 3 y is
vision is it Y is 97 right yeah but the
reason teaming up with you but Sally's
optimist in front I saw Lisa Holly zone
for the color so sick well as a
messenger you know this new body came
out today
great yeah well nice what I got it tell
them sorry Omar cool Adam you took out
that come over here I love it not only
vomits well and he's used moving up Tim
I want to point you are going I was like
Brody doing Louis no I gotta stop the
visitors he got wet so bad was it big
huh were you stuck with visitors to your
stucco visitors to did they bother you
who mess with you which visitor mess
with you huh oh I'm a mess with you a
little butter pepper with the visitors
just chillin who mess with visitor mess
with you yeah no tell me which one I'll
beat the more you use your eye getting
better
pretty much doesn't like she left the
crazy boxing fight and she's just like
and she just went through some tough
some hero you had boxing fight we
watching a warrior's game let's go baby
three months she's a real girl go
whitewater
hey do me gank you guys gonna be seeing
a lot of this turn I'm alone just
chilling with the family
Mawson Karima I'm Austin needs a
hairline well he's too short and I see
Nia fix it up walk comes good I hope you
like it but give it thumbs up I must I
guess booster seat
rimas gonna be the girl we're like she
keeps them in like you don't touch
alright then okay you need your bottles
down me that fresh shape up what I'm
buying armchair look at me look look
look
Allah and Allah okay yes good no see
Adam Adam me because hand up huh - ready
on then I shave up bunches and no one
does it go sorry she needs an axe I'll
give you her onyx man but that will be
10 Alistar yo you you owe me 10 I didn't
do it man REME Alex I didn't want to do
my son's hair that much because I was
here to grow
everyone wants is here to go every miss
next you okay slim head
no idea
mum man motto melodica starting is
really starting tonight and even a well
in a couple hours gonna have to hold and
stuff like that but should be really fun
I'm so excited we're going on vlogs
everyone going crazy done without pranks
told on our tank okay I do me Ganga it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed this vlog if you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey
thank you guys so so much for your love
and support if you guys haven't checked
out the new video that I uploaded today
make sure you guys go to the link below
and check it out and give it a giant
giant thumbs up Ramadan starts in a
couple hours so
one of vlogging on the bond is tomorrow
it is gonna be lit and I cannot wait
it's getting really really fun this
whole time on vlogs figure so so excited
make sure you give it a thumbs up and
anyone right now is fasting everything
let me know what time you guys are
breaking the fast in the comments below
because I got to bring my fast around
8:30 p.m. and that's like crazy crazy
late so yeah you guys let me know in the
comments below what time you break your
fast on what city that is that so I can
move to your city whatever it is if it's
earlier yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow
do me I take care
mhm I like
