she loves me making me hot so you take
that off yeah take it off hey guys
what's up and do me dang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
a better day so I thought having a
better day you all should be having an
amazing amazing day I'm little I'm
feeling much much better today but it's
been like hectic the whole morning
hectic the whole last night and just I
don't know I feel like it's not even my
birthday because I literally cancelled
all my plans like I can't sold
everything like all of my freaking plans
I just cancelled it I do not want to
celebrate anything especially on a day
like this when Muhammad Ali passed away
so today I'm just chilling and I guess
I'm still 22 years old if I'm not
celebrating like that so I'm still 22
hey I'm 23 next year so this is Glee
no.3 why are you watching me so much huh
how are you - ratchet kiss doing good
you're doing good
Dina starting to talk a little more
which is turning really really crazy
give me five before she's to never say
anything she's EB she say hate me do you
love me or hate me yes you love me or
hate me yeah Dina's yes girl and Marcin
is the ah the no boy no to your face
oh no no say no to your maternal no it's
my birthday don't tell me no ah it's
disrespectful don't tell me no no
Muslims listens to me I'm gonna stand up
sit down
give me a kiss but on the cheek we got a
cheeky on the cheek oh Deena scared of
balloons father loves balloons that sort
of officer Sonny
Deena's a weight that I would have a
birthday party so I don't want a pink
balloon anyway hey he dies for he loves
it so much
limos limos so I get two opposite ah the
two throat offices I'm gonna fight yeah
he togas are like that ah anyway
you bet once again of yeah yeah once
again Reema has another little mosquito
or something on her eyes she keeps
getting it all around the body I feel
like what happened but I'm amount dinner
what is it
this is a lunch today I wanted a what's
that some what it's not a seat this is a
seed with zone that's cool I see the
zone on so what zone about what zone no
what is it
what I'm Oh but I'm looking at hot water
that's it yeah what egg we got chicken
right there
chicken breast this is best Musa it's
like a desert a chicken rice ready
Ramadan turn it up all right pregame
pregame it I'm allowed turn up comes a
good yeah I know I know some booth where
the samosa that's right here it's called
haha spicy spice in it not like spicy
there's not really spike just give you
like a bug no I can't eat that I like
I'll see the other way I don't like the
Cassie stop it do me yank so since I'm
not celebrating my birthday today I'm
just chilling out just staying home
sleeping and being the lazy but I choose
not to like
I could've give you guys a dope dope
vlog when I want crazy show you guys my
outfits
and had a crazy Addams Family turn up
but I'm so so sorry I hope you guys
truly on this hand I hope you guys still
thumbs up this well I hope you guys
still like understand that I'm what so
happens when you kick that mama man so I
truly hope you guys understand where I'm
coming from so I did upload the main
Channel video right now so it's up so
make sure you guys check it out in the
link down below I'm gonna be opening up
some gifts that I got for my birthday I
guess so I want to open up some stuff
all these gifts are from some of us from
our sisters some of it's from our
sister-in-law some is from close friends
it's from people so thank you guys so
much to everyone who gave something
thank you guys so much you guys did not
have to I didn't you want you guys do
anything but a lot of you guys show us
so much love and I appreciate every
single one you guys that I'm open the
first one the first one is cologne
cologne from Saks 5th at almost fell
just caught it this is a cologne from
Saks Fifth Avenue it's really really
dope cologne smells like oh who knows
what's owed my our homies know it's Oden
smells really really good it has that
rich Arab smell
you don't go to Emirates Dubai you can
smell in the mall this is it this is
what they all put on I guess I think so
smells so good I also got this hat as a
birthday gift and I got who is it I'm
doing a video why shouldn't video why
say what up
you wanna come through yeah comfort zone
huh Oh what's today's date
June for whose birthdays at my birthday
I mean you're back
Edda Oh does any of you kids have your
name from you yes ready oh joy
oh yes you did it right yeah I forgot I
was happier I did it this is what what
is it what is it
no comment on this hey Louie was that
the type of Cologne but it smells really
really good
it smells really the Golden State
Warriors hat I got white shorts but with
these white shorts is dinner dinner
dinner dinner and I didn't ask for this
gift enough then my sister just gave me
this because she's home watching the
game of the day she was going crazy
she's like damn this guy's like going so
crazy hard the O'Leary's I'm going crazy
because it slim and will cost you're
going crazy I for LeBron and I got
this ready curry Jersey you know do you
know about do you watch basketball too
much best of all he's the Warriors curry
uh whose favorite team curry knows ribs
tea my guys are warriors and calendars
that's like like in yeah you gotta be a
one-foot as I know he don't washable
here to watch bus this Jersey is gonna
make history in Shaba it's gonna be a
game the basketball game that I'm
playing with slim I'm wearing this this
hat but not during the game and these
shorts and I'm aware my Curry's and
we're gonna play guys June 11
it's gonna be the basketball game
instead June 11 on the long now we're
gonna play a late night like 2:00 a.m.
was supposed to be a ballet night we
wanted to make it a meet-up but a lot of
people like some security around the
area in New York like the head of New
York City they've warned us and they
told us we cannot do anything like that
because we're gonna cause a riot or like
I don't know like wind caused a riot and
crazy chaos just do it who cares gonna
be a lot of people so if we've been
warned they told her get get arrested if
we do it we did it once in some square
we did another sign in London and I did
another time in Amsterdam and I did
another time I like Germany in New York
yeah I do underneath we're not in I did
in New York where we did in Times Square
you were there bro oh yeah immediate we
did it so they want us to not do that
again or else you get arrested
we can't create like so many people
coming in here doing a basketball court
yes so you're gonna disturb the peace
for the area I said the same thing but
what we're gonna do after and have a
meet-up
but since they said no where you can do
it done online and we'll play the big
game June 11th we won't for we do for
use what a slim slim is good good but
Adam forget about but what step what
what what you got your brother on me I
bring my brother on you
pretty solid bro bring I have a have a
good idea mean you against slimming
cabin
you're not alone yeah uh how did my
brother put you on lockdown
ah you will yeah yeah and also got
what's in this no freakin way guys
oh this is not what I'm thinking cuz
this is crazy huh what you doin with
this you know what is it charger charger
hey if you open this open it you just
ripped my kiss hey this is your locker
oh that is sick no way does Apple watch
oh my god ah this is a knob what no way
I need to know how to use this and get
used to it cuz now I got an Apple watch
oh man I feel more like I feel like I'm
in 2020 now I got more technology
tomorrow I never knew my life I'll get
it ever watch what 2008 and I I'm in
2018 I got an Apple watch this is so
sick I got you know birthday gives you
I'm saying but there's no there's no
gift with your name on it there's no
gift with show name on it
so that's mine
that's amazing we never heard because I
was amazing I loved that gift I was
amazing gift
I loved it so much thank you so much Wow
so it's very familiar yeah yeah he's
good yeah but ready but various birthday
coming up August 30 the shooting she's
gonna be five years older maybe five did
you get five or six five five years old
Wow
what do you want to do favorite every
save Ava's beard yeah what I'm gonna
different remo chooses Chris do you want
him to shave his beard or me to shave my
head
pick one
hurry up three seconds to Oh shame on
you Frank you fighting my you front even
fight give me five I was seeing a ticket
to the movies or II wasn't
rimas hardest decision to choose like
who she liked once more as either me or
her dad coming out it is tomorrow in
watch it came out yesterday dream on
Zazu oh yeah hope you guys enjoyed it I
have a new video that is out so make
sure you guys check it out in the
description down below make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey I'll
see you guys tomorrow do me gang it is
the first animal on tomorrow you guys it
for you guys it's the first day but I'm
alone tomorrow so don't not mubarak you
will see you guys tomorrow
Roma Dom vlogs a backpack backpack
Ramadan vlog feel bad I'm not gonna be
in a movie it's gonna be crazy Turtles
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care like please hmm I do mean gang
the vlog is not over I got surprised by
slim and what cause they told me to come
out I didn't want to go out to be honest
they told me come out let's just have a
little dinner and it shall have a
surprise me with some crazy gifts I told
them not to get anything because
seriously their company already like is
enough there them like supporting the
oil team outside is enough so this year
is the only and the first year ever that
I get
so many gifts like that because I hate
getting gifts and everyone knows that
but they seriously gave me something and
I'm gonna show you guys right now so
slim the crazy but got me a PlayStation
4 like oh my god this dude legit got me
a play station for like and he got me
PlayStation 4 so I can play games with
him this dude that's what you call a
real best friend he's crazy
oh my god you didn't have to do that
seriously some just like being with him
is enough and just being around him is
enough I know he's one of the most real
and genuine guys ever and being around
him is like it's just amazing so thank
you so much Sam you didn't have to and
his card this is his card he's such an
idiot
I put for a granddaughter who's amazing
talented fun-loving a great sport a
shining star and most of all a super
sweet girl who's loved very much
happy birthday so he's such an ass but
he wrote with the sloppiest handwriting
right here you can see Rima can write
here oh thank you for everything you're
the best friend a dude can ask for I
can't write good because I dropped out
of school but I love you and you're a
gamer now slim ha ha ha Missa said thank
you so much and I appreciate you so so
much
the Butthead Vikas got me this is one of
my favorite favorite colognes and I got
the cool Sephora bag you know I'm sure
you know Shan I don't gotta go to
Sephora no I'll put on fake you know
like a come on this dude got me Monty
Blanc which is one of my favorite
favorite clones but he also got me he
got me two colognes and these are like
expensive cut oh my god
I feel so like I can't hate feeling
special I think I mean one of his
favorite colognes Dolce & Gabbana this
is just like oh my god what cuz because
seriously even though I've known him
only about like a year he's one of the
most genuine one of the most humble the
most real guys that I've known in my
life and I can see I knew it from the
moment I met him I know for the moment
usually some people are just like the
kind of shady then I don't mind about
the yellow shaded here and there but
with our cast and some
both of them seriously they're the two
best friends that like I can I could
ever have in my life so thank you guys
so much from the bottom of our simple
costs and this was what causes card it
said there's only one thing better than
having a really cool grandpa I keep
calling aggregate okay knowing that
being cool runs in fact neatest
handwriting ever he wrote happy birthday
thanks for being the realist and most
genuine person I don't know a super cast
they will always be by your side
supporting you and seeing you achieve
every goal you have I love you and other
brothers for life many more many more
many memories to come blessed to have
you in my life I love you because
seriously this means the world simple
cause thank you guys so so much you guys
turned my worst birthday to one of the
best birthdays ever and it's because of
you guys thank you guys so so much and I
can't wait to spend Ramadan with you
guys and just the rest of like many more
memories to come many more
slow costs and how do you why don't I
don't know many more many more memories
to come thank you guys so much once
again and the vlog is now over thumbs up
a dummy gang I'll see you guys tomorrow
I like
