what's up or do me gang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy positive day today so I'll hold it
that video today of the kid
disrespecting Islam and disrespecting
the religion in the Quran and I seen him
going crazy tweeting hate commenting
hate so I wanted to handle it like you
know I was the hit like man I want to
talk to him you know face to face he
lives all the way Singapore I am gonna
do a Skype with him and I'm gonna try my
best to just give the positivity of
Islam and everything the real truth of
Islam
I wouldn't no one would ever be
representing Islam this much if Islam is
a religion that's disgusting or as
terrorist as he said so hopefully the
Skype session can change his perspective
and let's see how it goes yeah so what's
your name hey okay
Amos Yi yeah Amos hi my name is Amos
nice to meet you ah nice nice to meet
you too sit and just a lot of honestly
like a question you're you're a guy
right I gotta go have a fucking guy I'll
give about it other than that I'm really
really not air so no so honestly just
asking I really didn't know because some
people say she some people saying he so
I didn't really know so yeah but oh dear
oh yeah no so you live where you live
that's very interesting I'm Singapore
buddy are you live in Singapore all
night it's not a nice culture I want to
go there someday so that's the wretched
country no it's cool um so I don't know
I wanted to like talk to you about the
video that you uploaded on like two
weeks ago
I love it yeah yeah but like I don't
know like what what was your purpose of
making that video like what was your
prominent all your purpose of making
that video like oh yeah some people deem
that Islam is a wretched country and
Amos agrees so the song is not a big job
so I'm not a country mark and read
Richard religion horrible religion
yeah um advocates all dead violence I
think I'm proven in the videos you
didn't prove nothing wrong now you
didn't prove nothing but um so was that
like it was like the tearing you know
ripping the Koran and doing those things
on what was that like necessary like
part of what you were doing or not it
was a canary what was the point of
necessary well for the kind of shock
humor I was trying to get I guess so
yeah I guess um so you do you like that
no I didn't like a new thing I was funny
you thought that was like funny like
going now fucking hilarious yeah a lot
of people don't care but as Muslims we
care when you when someone disrespects I
really do we care when someone makes fun
of our religion we care we want to you
know move act in a positive message but
I feel like like what you're saying yes
you have freedom speech to say whatever
you want but at the same time when you
have nearly my country now I'm getting
arrested by for it so it's really late
so um as I was saying I'm a you have
freedom of speech but when you when you
do freedom of speech in a negative way
and spread hatred I don't think that's
cool you can do in a positive way you
can say whatever you want but when you
when you like tell the time to do stuff
like that to the poor and with that is
just really negative and really hateful
you criticize something without
negativity and hatred easy you just you
just do it without without tearing
something apart that's it you can you do
with your mouth you don't do it with
with using you know you know what it is
I'm having you ready I think I think I
really thought it was like hate stop
even before you Saudi fucking Quran
those quotes are you seen they're in a
whole chapter a whole verse when you
read it all together then as a beginning
a middle and end they took out one quote
that you had and you just assumed it out
like that it seemed like you just had to
make the video for like four views or
nothing like that's what for attention
that's what it seemed like and then
adding on all the nasty stuff you did to
the Quran was sick seemed like was more
to attention what what that's what I
didn't like is how you did have freedom
of speech but you're doing it in such a
negative negative way it just explains
what kind of person you are
so which quoting the Koran we're looking
at the context of that verse it
invalidates that quote you translate
it's a boiling of water and
whatever what if you would have been
okay yeah yeah if you were yeah it was
there it was there
if you would have read the whole thing
the whole chapter it tells you this
anyone who does wrong anyone who is not
a believer you'll get a warning from God
which is Allah means God by the way do
you know that or not get back no that
doesn't seem like you know but Allah
means God so with in Arabic means Elam
is gone
so when you read the whole thing all
that gives you other gives you a chance
whenever you're doing wrong when you get
a chance time like that and the people
were so unbelievers anyone who's still
doing wrong they'll go to hell and the
people who are doing good and the
believers will go to heaven what you
took out you just took out apart where
is that you're going to help what's you
would see what you eat in atheist yep
I'm gonna show you something okay sure
see this yeah that's what what the
universe that's a painting that's a
painting right ah do you know who did
this painting now I'd like you what's
obvious who did this painting it's
obvious that a human being did this you
know painting right yeah when you look
at this you know you don't have to see
the person to know that someone did this
painting you get me you so when anyone
looks at this painting have to see it
anyone that see this painting you're
like oh ah obviously someone you know
made this whole thing made this whole
nice masterpiece so in this world in
this world earth who made the world who
made earth thanks from like like natural
selection evolution all that BIGBANG
stuff you believe in that buddy
alright good science stuff nah
allah-allah minute which is God just
like how you see this just like heisting
it Zeus oh I love Seuss oh Allah is guys
you're acting childish right now you
know you know you're not like you pretty
much you pretty much you don't have to
see the person with this but you know
that someone did this drop painting
right
so in this world you don't have to see
Allah you have to see God to know that
he brought everything in this world in
this universe hmm
so I don't have to see something but I
can say that it exists therefore all
exist alone
same thing with that painting alone
fantastic man it's not all lies Allah
today
okay love Allah is like that okay and
another thing I mom I know it's just
personal question with that like what's
your purpose in life like what's what's
your purpose I just want to know I don't
know what is my purpose what do you
think a purpose in life is what's your
purpose in life
a son that's it Amazo so how did you
come and exist this in this world how
did you come in this world my parents
fucked I don't know no way no I'm sorry
wrong answer Allah created me yeah you
got it that's right a lot greater you
did you did like what also Muslims we
tolerate we taught many people with you
know other faiths other religions stuff
like that that's why Prophet Mohammed
talk taught us you know we can we can
tell other people's face stuff like that
but when it comes to like being ignorant
the way you are saying stuff like that
making those videos is just wrong I'd
rather you be more like whatever you
want to talk about say in a positive way
I guess or say in a way limit charge my
laptop when someone says the word Muslim
to you what what comes to your mind
beyond assholes what else cuts
delusional you can say be honest I'll
still love you out among us so it's all
positive
huh everyone a you've been saying I have
a bad I have a bad impression of
religious people in general so so I
think in our current context Muslim is
the war so you hear you know just think
on Isis buddy no they're not Muslim
family they are dope and then why anyone
anyway cz you're watching the media
right you watching the news you watch
the news
yes sir aye sir your Washington it was
way too much and they portray Muslims as
one of the worst people in the world
Isis are Muslim anyway anyone who's in
the religion of Islam anyone who kills
anyone is considered not a Muslim
they're not a Muslim at all so any of
these Isis people who go killer go
around killing people they're not Muslim
at all reasonable and then you can come
and say something to back yourself up
yes I did at the bottom top to bottom
I've done it before but I'm trying to
get it done again this Ramadan you know
Ramadan is yeah some some fasting
bullshit yeah so what do you think we do
during the Madonn
fast fuck up your body isn't fast you're
fasting right now buddy I just finished
eating about them so this is why we fast
and why we do it on the phone all right
there's there's people around you see
you can eat whatever you want right you
can pretty much eat whenever you want
whenever I want
yes so there's people who are less
fortunate who can't do that and in every
year there's a month where us Muslims we
do that to appreciate you know the
people who are less fortunate who can't
eat to teach you to patience and makes
you you know it makes you appreciate
everything around you in life you don't
just mess up our body like that
you got me is it making more sense so
you show appreciation to the people who
can't eat by not eating yep we do a
symphony
yeah instead of I don't know donating
food to them we are phasing market for
starving children you also do that
during domina oh really yes we do see
this there's a priority for you guys now
eat so add it we also do I say donate to
the starving children you know I just
not a fasting fine so it's called you
know zakat is a cat it means you know
give charity to you know the people who
are less fortunate ah ah that's that's
what it means that cat we give to the
misfortune we also go through we want to
personally go through what they're going
do we wanna you know basically feel what
they're feeling when you get from that
experience it's an amazing spend you get
to see what people who are less
fortunate go through you know
I say wise wise Islam the fastest
growing religion in the world people
spread lies and people buy lives before
stupid they realize up so eat up what
were you like were you like born like
atheist or you just kind of did you
convert from something yeah I was once a
Catholic than welcome then you know
science is cool then found out oh you
need evidence to show that God exists
you don't need evidence you don't look
just like this look just like your
picture
I'll show you no evidence right I showed
you no evidence and you still believe
that someone drew this picture you still
believe that right you believe that
someone did this without me even telling
you someone did this am I right or am i
right
yeah somebody had to make that yeah and
this world who has to make this world
somebody right BIGBANG signs
so yeah what we were talking about I
don't know
you're just a more points to prove your
belief of your disgusting religion Adam
I want you for yourself to really put
add yourself and read the whole thing
and see a big difference than seeing one
line you get me you know I understand
yoga's asking you see you guys not you
don't want to do that you don't wanna do
that because this is this is your
mentality this is your mind are Muslims
they're assholes they definitely do that
I'm not gonna do that not do that cuz I
heard like holy books are notoriously
boring so you heard that doesn't matter
you do kidding I think I think like
another point my life I probably read
the whole thing but all right yeah how
do you know that the fact that if you
heard something doesn't mean it's true
yeah me you can hear something backwards
oh yeah that's true but it's not true
please human boy doctor yeah you do a
lot let me tell you be honest like
honestly this vegan like there's
something wrong with you or no like
other side nothing's wrong
nah people have suspected it but now you
said you said wife is allowed in Islam
rapist not allowed anyone who does rape
they pretty much they're not most amor
anyone who does anyone who kills someone
huh what I mean I mean I at least in
America yeah you probably be punished or
any Muslim anyway you put the Middle
East great people all the time you do
know that right I have you been to them
you know some of that have you been
there no I'd the heck are you saying
stuff like that when you when you never
been to somewhere why do you see me like
that
I should be somewhere to know about the
stuff that happens there yes you do so
what you see in the media that's true
that's true too
so when you see Isis is Islam and
they're killing all these people that's
true to you yeah because you see it
though so you need to be more open like
open your mind up listen you know saying
listen open your mind up and be
refreshing your being to the robbery
buddy no no you're being too stubborn
you're being too stubborn that's why
you're not like thinking do you have any
brothers systems do you live alone or
something or what they go chat buddy
they for my parents what do your parents
think about you
fucking disappointed but oh well I don't
believe them I don't believe my pants I
don't believe I hear time at the same
time at the same time you're still 17 I
feel like there can be a time for you to
change and become like a positive person
you're still young
maybe when you're 19 20 you can become
that person and you can you know see
light and see life and real and not not
the negativity that you're spreading
today because I just feel a warmth and
Lama huh yes one fellow just positivity
is good it's good to be happy man did
you have any Muslim friends or no do I
have any now actually no no I don't know
why are you judging Muslim saying saying
all this bad stuff about them when you
don't have when you never even met
anybody who's Muslim I met people are
Muslims were they yeah how were they -
how would a to me I never find you a
decent yeah I hadn't talked much about
your religion so yeah bye so why are you
saying Muslims are disgusting were
saying Muslims or killing people they're
killers that Muslim how you met
did he kill you I seems no no no that's
it
I know not all Muslims are discussing
you seem fine you seem all right I want
you to apologize to the 1.6 million
people you offended by doing that I want
you to say sorry but 1.6 billion people
already watched my fucking video one
point popular 1.6 billion people or
Muslim in the world yeah yeah all right
buddy so I just want you to actually be
a man and man up and give an apology if
you can I pass there's something wrong
about any other religion and I made a
mistake like that I'll apologize yeah
there's a point a lot yeah it's been a
very fruitful conversation yeah pull
posted online
let's see people's response and you know
I'll consider that apology I'll consider
it very well yeah you know what yeah I
do want I am feeling all this negativity
and hatred my heart and sometimes you
know it gets really tiring I'm thinking
you know if I allow I'll into my life
fuck thanks might change for the better
off well I'm telling you
that right now it will oh not good stuff
so many people you'll you'll help me out
right you help me find a pass when it
whenever I want any Islam advice I'll
come get it for you if you want you know
some like real Islam advice read the
Quran in an OpenMind way don't read it
Google Wave read it in your own your way
with your mentality at least if you
don't if you don't like the religion
don't disrespect you like that just be a
man just be mature don't disrespect it
by tearing the whole down like that
because I wouldn't ever tear something
of yours that you love or anything like
that so that's why I want this apology
from you ah an interesting AUSA if you
want peace in my heart we just want
peace and positivity I just want you to
give the apology to that I just want you
to have a clean heart and I just want
you to not like spread any negativity
cuz I've seen even on your Twitter
you're spreading negativity even about
doom again even about the people that
watch my viewers I don't even want you
to try to disrespect oh yeah your
viewers are wretched man fucking albino
don't don't we talk about negativity my
god they're fucking flooding my goddamn
Twitter what do you expect what do you
expect them to reply to you if you're
doing that yeah like like you you know
be be all like I'm cool on peaceful day
I wanna fucking kill you getting people
mad you even is getting people mad and
then you react again and another way
trying to get the people watching my
views even worse don't disrespect from
religion and don't disrespect the people
who watch me the reason why they had a
reason to say what they wanted to say
because of what you were doing and if
you would apologize right now it'll be
cold like it'll be done that's it you
seem like you can't have an open mind
you just need I feel like you're trapped
at home or something like that no you
don't have no long knowledge that people
are giving to you so I'll be the first
one to give you that positivity that
knowledge and whatever you want to ask
you let me know as long as it's not in a
sarcastic way I'll be there for you and
I'll be waiting on that apology before
for Muslims awesome if you can I would
appreciate it if you do that just a feet
just you know you know take that
disrespect the feeling away that was
really disrespectful man really really
it's like someone taking one of your
family members and doing nasty things to
them yeah I like it I hate my dad well a
family member that you
oh ah I see you have you have a heart or
no yes if I didn't have a heart I
wouldn't be able to survive that's
science lab art well I want you to have
a heart that's all I want you to do and
have peace and your mind in positivity
that's what I want you I want you to
stay positive that's what I want you to
do well what about the atheist who are
counting on me to to bash religion Adam
to bat so you're calling Muslim saying
that we're disgusting with this and that
but when you're bashing other people it
just gives you a bad look it just gives
the a the Atheist people a bad look if
you're positive and saying like you know
man ah man Muslim is an amazing religion
but I'm a theist it's not opinion that's
it you can be respectful that way then
people respect you to be like uncool
they'll talk to you in a nice way
anything like that but when you do
something bashing it won't get you
nowhere that won't get you anywhere
these atheist people were telling you go
bash that religion go bash it that's
that's not that's not the people you
should be around though to be honest
aside when I was 17 I say hang out with
the wrong people and I do stupid shit
just like you I say I say I'm gonna end
this right now here and it was nice
talking to you and I really hope you can
come out with like something the Pug if
you can't appreciate it if you don't
it's alright
and that's it you're still okay
regardless I'll still love you
I promise I'll promise you my life I'll
still love you sorry don't just don't
please just don't ever like do what you
did like if you if you don't mind
don't ever do that again with the water
hey fucking and money we don't we shall
see comes to me the power don't come to
me and I'll never do all these bad
things again huh okay inshallah see you
around bye
that means I'm using God's will I love
you too bro okay
I do man give us a huge huge thumbs up
because there's gonna be a bunch of
haters we're disliking especially the
people who guess em so I want you guys
to out beat them and give it a thumbs up
but hopefully I miss he sees I don't
know what's gonna happen I know he's
gonna do he said he's gonna think about
about hopefully Shella it goes well I'll
keep you updated wait that's a hopefully
inshallah
it goes well now see you guys tomorrow
take care our piece I like
