assalamualaikum waalaikumsalam whoo I
don't know why I'm acting like Red Cross
assalamualaikum apply or acacho to me
gang I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy positive day
filled with happiness today is day 5 of
Ramadan and the time is super flying
really fast and just I don't know time
is flat I don't want about to end is it
really really fun and like I can already
see like I'm gonna ending so quick and
like all of us like oh my god time is
flying all the tweeting that as usual me
my older brother on another adventure
today we don't know what it is but we
out to go shoe shop dust mite up with
Romy Hamza and all about 8
we're gonna go to Times Square have a
low chill up and then after that we come
back home tweek how's your fasting going
on yeah well that's all and they even
referendum so you know I did I look at
school right there soy eating more
fitting face yeah look at me nice look I
mean eyes and tell me that you don't you
with them oh Allah don't eat with them
you just looked all the way hey God I'm
Sierra what would you do like honest
honest question what would you do if
you're sleeping and I'll just shave your
whole beard off I just want to know what
would you have been lucky about Suzy one
you get it up
are you me skip football zombie skin
Susi guys I got that Ramadan breath
right now so if anyone beats me and I'm
talk to you guys I'm a lick away to talk
yeah this is great
you look so real
you do every with the rat-faced you know
how many people show you that name you
want them to for respect on your name
I know you guys want boss it was he big
Oh
City Hall you want to get famous yeah so
what do you what do you do oh that's it
you can be famous Cory with the shop so
crazy so Steve knows me
it's not even hands it's a rat keeping
the rats head in his mouth oh my god
what did that free coconut water again
only when I'm fasting they're giving out
free coconut free I got some competition
like this you're watching
it's a black general
because of like gym
we can clap together
in public
yeah it's gone
I can't believe I'm doing this guy's but
tomorrow 211 is the game meet slim
one-on-one you know how I have my
courage earning slim couldn't find a
L'Orange
right here so I don't know if I should
get him back you know what I'll just get
him to LeBron Jersey so it'll be cool
having a career out of the gun so I'll
get a move on what's up Adam again so I
just got home there's about 30 minutes
left for thought so I decided to do
something a little different today I'm
gonna react to a video because a lot of
people have been DMing me showing me
this video where like this racist guy
saying something about I don't know it's
something I haven't watched yet let's
see this video okay so the video is
called refuting Islam with their own but
an censored it is I am us with another
episode of Amos hey this Brett from
Muhammad's god-given this scattered from
the holy land Lord V and those first of
his name hi Sadie humble meccans stone
to the fires and rape women India ha
starting toenails flying monkey sauce
well I mean you Fe say they don't bill I
said I got a bad knee dinner no Joe I am
sound alright first of all what the heck
but this dude is on storm disease he's
high what the heck is he doing this is
so ignorant at it right now this wood
has 40,000 subscribers he has a pretty
decent amount of subscribers it looks
like he's a YouTube and he's
disrespecting one of the biggest
religions in the world
there's even 7,000 thumbs-up $7,000 on
this video in the first 30 seconds he's
disrespected 1.6 billion people in the
world but as all goes ignorant people's
continue on and watch what he has to say
islam teaches good morals sexism but
those wives from whom you fear arrogance
first advise them then if they persist
or shake them in bed and finally hola
what is this freaking ratchet boy what
are we saying it like he just translated
the most BS trip of the quran he just
translated the Quran in his way he said
if you think your wife is arrogant beat
and raped them
in Islam anyone who rapes anyone would
get stoned to death that is not allowed
in Islam raping anyone is not allowed in
Islam slavery and rape or profit we have
made love who to be thy wives to whom
thou has paid their towers and those
slaves from thy right hand possesses out
of her all right so this weird kid who's
on something right now basically what
he's doing he's taking out stuff from
the Koran and he's making it seem like
he's making it seem really bad by
translating it into his own it's like
doing this
it's like someone having a story about
me and he takes out one line where it
said um Adam killed this person and then
imagine showing that person one line
Adam kill that person but you didn't
read the whole like the whole line the
Prophet Muhammad SAW Allah he he used to
free sleep he's to help slaves he said
equal slaves so I don't know what to do
the same we're all slaves with that line
he said which is in the Quran I'm saying
having slaves is fine imma show you guys
in the Quran the real way he doesn't
even deserve to hold a Quran or her on
TV even that close to him imma show you
guys the line which is this is in the
same surah of that line so it connects
with it he just said he's just taking it
out trying to make it into a negative
because that's what you know people do
and it says worship Allah and join none
with him and do good to parents kinfolk
orphans the Messiah keen the neighbor
who is near of kin the neighbor who was
a stranger the companion by her side the
Wayfarer and those slaves whom your
right hand passes are you listening
agent liking it says do good do good and
it has slaves in there as Messiah came
the needy and many many more so your
point is not proven in the meeting there
is some parts in this video where is
absolutely insane like he said some
quite I do not want to put it I do not
want to show that you look because it's
so ignorant I don't know you want you
guys to hear it so I'm gonna skip some
of it a saying and I'm whatever he's
seeing that's none I'll back it up for
you guys it's all I said it I now know
that it is a fact that women are lower
than me
I never liked women when I smell weird
and they have vaginas if skirts oh my
god
first is this man mad cuz he looks like
a woman to me and things like you know
that Islam is like well it's not it's
not it's not it's not pro we respect
women Muslims respect women like you
with nice beautiful hair my soft
beautiful respect to Kim other side and
it's life we respect women have been
lies under our mother's feet and our
mothers is what woman women go through
so much they go through so much and we
would never ever disrespect woman in any
kind of ways Islam is the religion of
peace Islam is peace unbelievers
garments of fire shall be cut and there
shall be poured over the heads boiling
water when I went every is in their
bowels and this Bob is luckiest a month
ago Madonna I remember it basically says
if you're an unbeliever which is you
you're going to hell that's what it says
if you're an unbeliever you're going to
hell be translated and made it seem like
it's a whole violent like war so crazy
it's not it really isn't in its lab you
get so many chances you get forgiven so
many times Allah is the most forgiving
you know what I'm gonna call my little
big brother Ani
I'm gonna call my little brother Ike hey
young miss nice conceived Islam is from
unbelievers the garments of fire and
shall be cut he translated to put put
unbelievers in boiling water and iron
huh so that's basically but after higher
seventy 1517 put with seventy chapter 17
risen 14 thank you bro chapter 17 verse
15 it says whoever goes right then he
goes right only for the benefit of his
ownself and whoever goes astray then he
goes astray to his own loss no one laden
with burdens can bear another's burden
and this is the main one for us and we
never punish until we have sent a
message to give warning and we never
punish until we have sent a messenger to
give warning which means all the
unbelievers will get a mess
each of you know they'll get a warning
of what's wrong and what's right they
give them a warning they don't just
automatically just like put them to hell
like that they get a warning and you
know let's say someone is doing wrong
they'll get a warning from Allah like I
say you'll get sick I don't know you're
gonna want something what happened and
then you realize oh Allah just gave me a
warning for me to get close to him so
that's what I mean I'm done watching
this video I'm seriously done I'm I
proved my point to him I mean sir I
proved my point it's all good Allah you
never know this kid might change but one
thing I will do I will report that video
and I suggest you guys watch right now
report that video even if anyone
disrespects any other religion
Christianity Judaism Hinduism anything
anyway that's just really disrespectful
so I suggest you guys and with watching
report that video I Adam Saleh and
requesting an apology video from this
dude to all Muslims around the world I
am requesting apology video from that
kid Allah make this kid a better person
and may Allah show him the right path
and I don't know us Muslims will react
in a positive way Tim so hopefully you
never know he might change and be a good
guy but as of now it is not looking
pretty good I'm gonna end the vlog here
I hope you guys enjoyed if you did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey
thank you guys so so much for your love
and support do me anger truly means the
world and me and some might be having a
basketball game either tomorrow or the
day after tomorrow because we're trying
to rent out a little basketball court
since we're like late at night because
we can't do it during the day since
we're fasting so we'll keep you guys all
updated with that thank you guys so much
you guys enjoy these types of videos
like reacting to like stuff like this
let me know like in the comments below
any video you me to rap to direct I'm a
lot and I'll react to it so we'll see
how it goes I'll see you guys tomorrow
Mike thank you so much I love you
pics I like
