assalamualaikum a to me gang I hope you
are having an amazing name because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing day three of Ramadan handle
everything's going so so well I just
finished praying though I woke up I
usually wake up around 1 and that's the
time for for that so I pray let that
chill out a little bit every stop Quran
and I always read the Quran now in
English I always read it in Arabic let
me give you guys a little tip in Arabic
for any like American Muslims are like
British Muslims or like anybody who
barely understands Arabic like me I mean
I know how to read a book really good
but it's really hard to understand like
especially the Quran in Arabic make sure
you guys read the Quran in English
because I was reading the Quran in
English and I understood literally every
single word and when you understand the
whole an it seriously so so amazing and
trust me guys if this is for anyone who
doesn't know Arabic I doesn't understand
Arabic much I mean I am our understand
Allah Derek but it's really hard you
guys could even go to Google and just
type in Odin and English and just read
the whole Quran in English they have
every single surah and it's literally
look in the name of Allah the most
gracious the merciful praise be to God
Lord of the Worlds
the most gracious the most merciful
master of the day of judgment it is you
we worship and upon you we call for help
guide us to the straight path the path
of those you have blessed
none of those against whom there is
anger nor of those who are misguided see
so easy to understand then after that
you go to the next surah and the next
surah and then yeah I'm clicking on yeah
the next one the next one is so so easy
that's just another tip for you guys to
make life a little bit easier and it's
plus is easier to read in English and
it's faster so maybe you can complete
the whole pattern but about all of them
now all of your goals to read the Quran
by all of them and I want that to be my
goal so if I'm getting it done you all
should be getting it done guys I'm
trying to get the easy boost 750 half 22
seconds I have two kids here eating in
front of me I'm so hungry let's see he
fucking Rho 0 by not 15 seconds 14 13 12
11 10 9 8 7
oh don't what's going on what's go
on what the hell is happening are you
ready yes I'm ready I'm ready
tapping out Oh tap not time oh my gosh
oh my gosh
Oh tapping out seven on seven Oh check
aside is it something check into villa
biddies checking sighs it's tough
checking availability do another check
the sizes come on please losses do you
know how to appeal right now on this
moment at the same time oh my god like
thousands whoa probably hundreds of
thousands probably millions eighty-nine
whoa it's a lot this one oh man yah man
oh there's no longer available Wow like
a moss and he's telling his dad he's
giving it that is just - it does he he
what mostly wants to go out he's
grabbing him to go get dressed
you shot a pro bring him up yeah this is
crazy
I think address message he's like for
seems like let's go after we're sure is
a move they're doing I don't don't don't
say like that I said oh this dude is
crazy
Moses stop better come over though stop
stop pushy is that you huh stop put you
daddy
it is Oscar prayer so whenever the Sun
comes green what are you wearing oh okay
so it is us right now we're gonna pay us
together and after that we won't leave
and do something real active after us
and before method and me and my older
brother were probably gonna go do a
little bike riding so let's see how it
goes
pray us and after that bike riding so it
is kind of chilly outside be my older
brother if you guys don't know we share
the same clothes this is his this is
mine so we share the same goal then same
sneakers so it's all good and our
brother who's been doing asses were
younger but we're gonna go to a little
bike riding the rental bikes close
around 7:00 6:30 right now so we got to
get city bikes is the first time in my
life getting city bikes in New York City
I really hope it's really well is it
first I'm gonna see anybody first I'm
like I don't know it looks weird but
Lee's dovish right out all of them are
taken like it's just to London those are
myelin those that's how you know these
are powers it's like God knows were
fasting he gave us two bikes just I have
like to chill a faucet if I got it was
like this for Adam this vibrato 3 3 1
OOP I got it yeah the honest it is
really light it looks like it looks
really heavy but it's actually really
really late feels like blows really fat
my god blog another don't plug that ride
bikes is like a whoa Sanja Park we
fasted Ramadan tied ready
the killer pressure gun hey you me yeah
you gots me I keep running keep running
you got
I got one black camera my hand I got one
leg top over here and I got the other
leg it's at UH we are answering Central
Park
I almost forgot a batch come on guys you
guys got this you guys got this yeah
baby I'll be raking run I got job I'm
your motivator I'm fast inside okay
let's go you guys got this more faster
than that you guys go faster really
really
excuse me through the water
Oh water water you'll have water no
water Felix you know the episode of
Spongebob when he was thirsty you need a
water have you seen the episode of
Spongebob yeah that's how I feel right
now cuz I'm fasting you know what
fasting is you do how fast it right now
so you even fueled it pulled out water I
would never drink any water yeah huh
what do you want to date huh no huh
you're what like you thought I was
asking you out with him not so on a date
of fruit you know why should getting gas
for I was just asking 200 it is much
busier you seen a person right yeah the
episode wants fun robbers like water
Ross how I feel right now we're going
down a hill on grass uh
we left Central Park we're in on the
streets of NY where the bike lanes are
the worst things because it's literally
like anything can be fun you on the bike
lanes you can just crash babe you got it
you guys hope you know hey put in luck
hey hey hey I'm sorry be on time
that's four miles of bike riding I was a
good little workout your brother can
keep you here really now we're gonna let
out her number I went so slowly genius I
see someone's really loud and best bike
Adam the work is gone look I ever like
what the who's this guy
our food is getting ready as usual
cheese sambusa some bozos with me
chickens Salazar ketchup he'll be
Morrison we have three minutes left to
left our time I'm ready to go eat and
after that I'm gonna roast myself for
you guys and do the roasted sub
challenge so I'll see you guys in the
next shop we got the usual ass heat
Tehelka we got oatmeal fish chicken
helper ketchup sandwich that everyone is
waiting and ready to go three minutes
left three minutes ago was anybody
I don't know I don't know I don't know
I'm freaking mad at you right now
I'm mad how are you not going to talk to
me during Ramadan like that's just so
wrong I feel like I've been speaking to
the Shaitaan the other 11 months it's
just not right
nothing I'm just you give my own blogs a
thumbs up I mean they're my vlogs
obviously I'm gonna thumbs it up like
it's my life why wouldn't I thumbs it up
yeah eight dizzle yo it's me your boy a
dizzle what are you doing here man I
already gave you a money not honest not
about that it's not about the money
I'm just here roast you roast me for
what what did I do
nothing slim just told me to roast you
so i'ma roast you bro I'm like unroasted
oh just like how unprintable you really
think that do you really think that I'm
a diesel to be honest if you really
think you can roast me do it okay okay
say no no all right I'm listening
hey yo drop the beat
hold on hold on hold on hold on hold up
hol up hol up don't use no be no mystery
metals it's Ramadan you know I'm saying
oh oh you want no music okay okay let me
to keep a hell out like your
relationship right yeah you can do that
I mean as long as you're feeling good
because if you're feeling good then I'm
feeling good and if I'm feeling good you
should be feeling good
okay okay I'm gonna make the beat with
my voice I got you I got you kid wait
for come on
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do chill doo-doo-doo
chill do-do-do-do-do-do chill chill dude
dude chill chill do okay okay the beat
is ready let's drop it baby
doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
bill you need to stop it with that corny
freaking line licking your lips thinking
that you sign get a new haircut with
your stupid hairline you so short your
doom ease is taller than you always
begging them to go Turkey but you don't
know what to do you're single in 22
whoops my bad I'm next 23 you just
jealous cuz slim got a white fee you can
track the issues just a Drake wannabe
you do your eyebrows man what a freaking
shame
may your mouth to shake it in your brain
always crying man your eyes is like rain
you got no life slugging every single
day
oh it's getting black eyes like bro
where you want with your ugly hairstyle
I'd always wear a hat you don't shop at
Urban Outfitters you shop at babyGap
you got a cylinder head like doors
creaking man I mean whoa Lena don't even
like you she knows what's up
you're a bag you give your own vlogs a
thumbs up you can't box bitch to stop
playing tough
always looking at yourself or way too
much if it wasn't for Rima you'll be
getting two viewers is that your blog or
Remus vlog yeah you play hard but you're
scared of dogs here
if you wasn't a youtuber you'll be
working in a grocery store
you used to jump over people but not
anymore you're 23 and your little nephew
was 18 and got his own car
little brother kicks you out before you
knock on the door yeah disappearing I
see you tweet the vlog and stop hopping
away like a freakin frog you did another
one did another one Vaseline on your
face you looking super dumb yeah I got
this drinking me going back to fact I
can't drink it cuz it's Ramadan hazel
you are the roast master man you're
officially the roast master man I need
to talk to you I need to tell you some
more people that you need a roast you
just let me know who you want next you
know I'm saying adore me gank it is a
destroyer you know Shane just made a
little comeback down drama Dino saying
he know what it is I does chittim just I
get you got her present at three years
you know Samba came out of parole came
out through I'm good hamdullah and I
don't know what I'm saying guys but yeah
I'm gonna end the vlog here it took me
so so long to do all that because I had
to make the beat with my mouth like I
literally made the beat like so
nominated me to do this so I did it i
roasted myself I can pretty much say
that I can never be roasted not because
I already roasted myself so if I roasted
myself no one can ever roast me because
I've already done it so I can never be
roasted again hamdullah
so do me gang you guys are done roasting
me because I've roasted myself
officially and you guys came roasted
either because I already roasted you
guys so both of us even we're gonna
squash it you know be homies we always
be cool be cool be cool be cool
piggy promise we cool we cool we cool
how about this do me a you guys tell me
who you guys want me to roast and I'll
come at them hard you know I'm saying
who do you guys want me to roast and
I'll come matter-of-fact not I don't
know man I feel like if you guys want me
to roast someone I could roast them so
badly and I could give them a let me
know the comments who you guys want me
to roast I don't know or you guys can
roast them you guys are awesome how
about that if I don't roast them but
I mean other than that I'm gonna end the
vlog here hope you guys enjoyed if you
did make sure you have a thumbs up and
go turkey adieu me gang thank you guys
all so much for a little support I'll
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I like
