as-salam-o-alaikum a to me again get
it's day two of Ramadan and I really
hope you guys are having an amazing day
because I'm having a horrible day so if
I'm having a horrible day you all should
be having an amazing amazing day I'm
trying to go live on the livestream
right now something happened my laptop
had crashed I do not know why I don't
know if it's like so many people went on
at once I don't know if like just my bad
luck or if like I don't know I was
trying for a whole hour and a half to
fix it so I can give you guys one of the
best live streams but it did not work
and I do not know I have to go to the
Apple store now to see what's going on
with my laptop so hopefully it all works
out and hopefully I can give you guys a
livestream I'm so so sorry I told you
guys that I'm doing a livestream you
guys are all getting ready and kind of
sucks it's like telling someone like yo
comfortable let's meet up and you don't
show up at the meetup you know stuff
like that it's not it's not a good thing
this is not me I wouldn't do something
like that I will show up right and be
like what up and it was just I feel like
I let you guys down to do me gang but
it's all good I promise I'll make it up
to you guys and a shallow make it up to
guys with the better and a better live
stream today let's just chill out and
have a nice day two of Ramadan I have
one hour left so if that time and what I
did today was pretty much like nothing I
just prayed throughout days and then
after us was the time where I do
something active what's supposed to be
the livestream but I didn't go out so
well so right now 7:30 okay and it's
still gonna be a nice long day because
hamadan meit's this crazy turn of nights
with Adams family knows that Oh with me
and I'll say I might go see slim
I will cast later so it might be a nice
no chill out day mosey is here baby
Emma's n is here - to Moses I got the
big one in the blue uh-huh oh that's the
wrong leg oh that's the wrong leg I love
it oh my god I got a mess encumber than
to the foot of the roller
he's so innocent you was crying for the
whole time outside he's come for the
slippers yeah I bet you have a body made
because Vegas
there is about 30 minutes to go for if
that time and something really really
crazy happened right now so since I felt
like I let you all down
I seen a tweet from a person who was
feeling more down and I don't want to
spread that letting down negative energy
with anyone with my followers might do
me gangs I don't want anyone to feel
negative because of mine I want to make
someone feel happy and positive because
that'll make me happy and positive so
since I was feeling negative and I've
seen someone else that was feeling
negative I felt like you know a negative
and a negative makes it positive I
wanted to make their negative into a
positive so that can make my negative
into a positive
and both of us would feel positive but I
got a tweet from someone I cannot say I
don't want to say whose name is there
nothing like that because I want to show
their story but this person tweeted me
hey Adam can you please message me I'm
feeling really down and I want to commit
suicide that's one of the exact words
what they said so I D I'm the person
because I really want to help them out
and just like scrolling through and
seeing that like really sucks I love
helping other people out and making them
smile so I messaged the person I was
like hey are you okay I can help you
what's going on and then they reply
thank you very much
I'm really suffering from depression for
almost two years
then I replied what makes you what's
what's making you depressed
they said it's always getting worse no
one is caring about me
even my parents and I'm struggling
through failure so I was taking my mind
like all right how old is the president
they're old young so I asked them how
old you presents at 14 years old and I'm
like you're still young you have a long
way ahead I'm sure your parents want the
best for you you have to fail in life in
order to succeed when I was 14 I felt
like and I felt the same way like my
parents still pay attention my parents
did this my parents of that but until
now I'm 23 and I thought about my
parents wanted the best you know they
wanted the best I mean that's why they
made me do that when I was 14
that's why they made me do that when I
was 12 so I'm damn sure your parents
want the best for you
and in life you have to fail to succeed
no one can just succeed like that you
have to fail to succeed and they said
all I need is someone who can listen to
me so I told him I'm listening talk to
me and then I asked a couple questions
to this person to see what they would
say when I when I answer it so I asked
them this do you have a bed to sleep in
they answered yes I said do you have
clothes to wear they said yes why are
you asking I replied
you should be happy there's so many
people in this world who wish to have a
bed to sleep and who wish to have
clothes to wear I visited so many
countries and saw people who don't even
have water to drink so to anyone out
there who feels depressed because of any
situation like that Hope even wants to
commit suicide for an issue like that
always be grateful and always be
thankful and always remember that like
there's so many people in this world
that are going through so much worse
stuff I promise you that I seen it with
my own eyes I've seen people who do not
know who their mother is who their
father is I see people who do not know
who have no families they're just alone
my son photos if you guys do not know
who is for us only the writer dad don't
know who my son photos is he's a kid in
Uganda that visited and he does not know
who's his mom who's his dad who's his
brothers with his sisters when I met him
and I was hanging out with him
everything he felt like I was his dad so
he would call me dad he would literally
call me daddy and then when I spoke at
the orphanage they spoke about how his
mom like threw him away when he was
around three months old and they left
and never came back again and then he
grew up right now he's 2 3 years old he
grew up right now and he does not know
what's going on I feel so bad like it's
so so sad so just be grateful and be
thankful because most of us who are
watching this right now
we're in a country where you have
internet you can watch the video we're
in a country where you can sleep you
have pillows you have beds you have
water you can eat or drink and this is
what what Ramadan is about it is about
patience and it's about feeling what
other people who are unfortunate feel we
don't just starve ourselves for no
reason and the reason why I'm sharing
the story with you guys because I felt
like if I share it it can spread a lot
of positive energy with you guys what
we're thinking about any negative stuff
like that I want you all to
that's watching this right now if you
ever feel down if you ever feel negative
if you I would feel like you want to
hurt yourself don't feel that way trust
me do not feel that there's so many
other people out there who wish to even
be in your position so always be
thankful and always stay happy be
positive life life is too short to be
sad guys I know sir we're saying but it
truly is just be happy just be happy
just chill that's it you got this I love
you guys I know what's feeling down you
don't feel loved look at me look look at
me right now look are you guys looking I
know you guys some of you guys probably
don't know me personally but I feel like
we do know each other personally because
we have a big connection and I just want
to tell you guys that love you guys
seriously from the bottom our I love you
guys we're watching this right now from
the bottom of my freakin esophagus I
want to show you my love to you so don't
ever feel like no one cares about your
look like I care about you guys I love
you guys and I want the best for you
guys and I hope you guys always stay
happy and always stay positive because I
would love to see a smile on your face
with that being said there's about ten
minutes left for F star so I'm super
happy right now
I felt let down before but now that when
I helped out the girl it made me feel so
much better that I turned a negative
into a positive
not turn a negative into a positive and
she's so happy now and I'm so happy now
so yeah we ought to go do the weirdest
things while I'm waiting to a lot of
times about I think like two three
minutes now but put on my own mani hat I
got this from my spot my spots musk out
oh man when I was in a man and this is a
thing a salwar kameez from Pakistan is
like what facies wear and I don't know
how mixing about this is so hungry now
so thirsty but today overall was a
really good did happen today I feel like
that whole like trying to fix my laptop
made the time fly really fast well I
guess I happened for a good reason but
I'm still gonna try to do a live stream
for you guys on like a Rhema my dad
helped him we have oatmeal right now we
have Morrison hey cheese Tom who's that
I made right there some more chicken
legs must have no touch because if we do
eat again I promise you there'll be a
world war three between me and you I'll
be World War through you
Adam vs. Mawson I heard oh yes
Freeman what else we have we I catch up
so happy I'm gonna go fast you got to
give out the food here
goodbye Rima vigor oh my god
what water that would water out the
famous a seed I'm gonna eat I don't want
you guys we're fasting to look at the
food that much I just want to show you
guys my dinner in my spot
I'll see you guys in the next shot so I
just left it away with my mom now about
to go meet up with slim and Moe and it
is about to be Ramadan late night turn
up it's like freakin I don't I was like
freakin 11:30 almost midnight
I'm wide awake this is time I'm a night
out
my mother
so do you
mostly trash or slim and I love it
that's gonna be a fun fun game it's all
entertainment that we single me gives
opinion on the one-on-one basketball my
opinion
I wonder why because it's all ooh he's a
bird so you came as a shock
60 game video here Suzy you're not
athletes myself like a babe that's the
biggest joke in a you communicate as
though oh listen is right on the brain
you're like oh
the funny thing I was at such a solid
right
so drink out those limbs no camera takes
the best pictures ever so and I'm like a
light swim is now the new best
photographer everywhere he did thick
legs I was in the picture I'm put post
up today
it's so sick so sick so credits a camera
it was credit Tesla s Tom's camera we're
here near the dumpster
everyone is just taking enough
what's in there
Oh sir yeah while I was digging for food
and doctor we highlight food waste
what we call trash tours twice a month
you guys just like meet up and like
garbage
yeah what is like it's like nasty food
in here like and we don't take what is
like what do you want you don't know
what's in there yeah yeah nice to see
you guys pretty cool they find cool like
stuff in the guy what it's about
Wow he found a whole like cereal Wow
they found bagels this is burger Reggie
who's throwing this out know his stuff
open the key all this were youtubers who
made useful videos
my blogs just about like real nice I
just like tiny maple we got a lot of
bagels I'm really cool I just say a
thought and it's like really really like
he asked me to do that one
yeah
that's wild man
people come together to pick up trash
that's weird yourself I sold coop find a
really really cool place I mean it's
kind of smart it's not always a fool
know by mean like whoo-hoo things ago we
should all meet up and I'd really go
crashing that's crazy
messing around the girls we should trash
and chill sometime just like yeah we
should my phone and while see did
something really really dope in 33rd
Street across from Madison Square Garden
they added a new like street under 33rd
Street Church are they called it was
Omaha Riley left if they called it
Muhammad Ali so they made a street with
Muhammad Ali so we're one of the first
to go visit it I think we put it just
today Muhammad Ali this is sick
you know what's so cool about it knowing
that it's like a Muslim name on there
like that's how like amazing and
respectful despite like he freaking like
represented assignments such an amazing
amazing way he stood up for like
anything he believed in the stuff like
that so dope and social dope mohamed
mahmoud is here this mohammad right
there so sick
yeah but you seem a Muslim name under
the saucer guy oh man
Hamid Ali that's sick I have a cousin
named Muhammad Ali what do you got my
dad's
he's coming over like my name is there
was sick in Arabic a Muslim name is
where that's dope
we're sick and tired of seeing freaking
George Bush or Franklin something on
freakin tough we finally see Muhammad
Ali man so we made it there Muslims made
it you know yeah that's crazy by the
time
that's crazy man a lot of Hamamoto
services so me I'm supposed to give you
guys a surprise a surprise this Ramadan
and do crazy live streams from my laptop
crash but slim is gonna be live tomorrow
yeah
it's gonna be left tomorrow I'm Kim core
Kim cord the reason why I want to go to
camp is so dope you can show like your
phone on there you can like use snapchat
use Twitter man I really hope she's slim
garlic is mic and everything so I was
going to go over dope and I'm on my
period one of his food I don't wanna go
soup and he's gonna appear one of mine
if nothing works hopefully so you don't
see how it goes we want you to have fun
and to waste time when we're like you
know like fasting stuff like that so
we'll keep you guys all updated with it
no I'm sure so we are calling it a night
Connor early today it's like 1 a.m.
because slim has to go fix his mic and
stuff you know a lot of guys sent me to
do a roaster stuff challenge slim
nominating me in it so I was gonna do it
today I'm either doing it tomorrow
because of all this like happening with
my laptop so I'm gonna do it tomorrow
not even know how to roast myself to be
honest
you guys let me know the comments below
how shall I roast muscle okay do me
Ganga it's time to wrap up this vlog I
hope you all enjoyed this vlog if you
did make sure you bet it thumbs up and
go Turkey
thank you all for loving support truly
means a lot seriously do me guy you guys
are like the only people that I have
that seriously make me happy every
single night so I owe you guys the world
thank you guys so so much for being so
understanding
super amazing so I appreciate you got
somebody my heart thank you guys for
everything that you guys do every single
day I'll see you guys tomorrow Damir
take care and peace I like
