oh hey hey guys what's up your dumi gang
I hope y'all had me get amazing a
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing egg you all should
be having an amazingly this is
officially my last vlog at the age of 22
you guys are watching right now I'm 23
maybe I'll be vlogging in a few when I'm
23 ready so this vlog will be a year
long when I'm 22 this only vlog where
I'll be 22 years old and 23 years old
which is it that's really crazy but my
whole family is over right now and if
you guys can hear like music outside
here yup that's my family the outside I
wanted belly hasn't turned up who's here
staff is here what's up say yeah what is
that
Oh what are you doing I'm here with the
homie happy late birthday house this
birthday was yesterday I mean give him a
little gift but you know he's I don't
know what it is till tomorrow probably
like what it is you're gonna know what
it is tomorrow so I'm says 12 years old
I remember what happens it was more
sense age it's just crazy seeing my
whole family like get old during all the
madness and it's crazy you guys are
joining us here like you guys are going
through this journey with us steps up
and it's just been a wild wild crazy
journey like I cannot wait so you guys
see rimas that like as an adult I can
only tell you I see me as um but I'm old
with like bald and like gray hair hey
guys all of Adam's family to sit down
right now Deana don't sit down on them
sit down there
use the view - you got a sit down - I
can't your for the Adams family zoo even
if you're 18 years old you still
considered what is I'm a birthday hey
guys haha everybody on three
oh my god
it's not even my birthday like I don't
know so this is like my famous wall but
I take my pictures and I just took my
last picture of being 22 I can't believe
music I can't believe it that's blood my
tears oh no I can't
yeah the only reason the only reason why
I'm happy after 23 because 23 is Michael
Jordan's numbers from day so it's all
good like 23 2015 here 23 years old was
an amazing amazing year so hopefully 23
just turns a more amazing summer and I
just took my last picture so in this
place is Yusef favourite like photo
shoot please take like the wings that
looks dope let me see my god Vikas Vikas
from the video so I came to help out
right here look you do that I can't have
a designer is the person who did my hair
they mess up my I'll look bald I want to
take off we said my like I have like a
freaking wig on my head brother doesn't
know don't know how I look so real ghost
room okay they must have a freaking head
on my birthday it was the worst
we got telling my husband I'm over like
telling with a little preview whatever
may be the biggest disappointment I
can't be everyone here right there
everyone you see right there oh my god
guys everyone always tells me that look
what's his name what's his name
everyone always tells me I look like him
I don't know he's probably calling he's
taking me
I don't know he's got at least like a
third time someone something like Adam
Solly
I would say where's he from I don't know
I don't know I'm cool I'm cooler than
Adam girls are so gullible
I'd like it o'night was him we're gonna
go do a little shopping because I know I
still dress so I just mean Akiva with a
little shopping way that homemade area
you're like here again he told me he's
dope offense Kobe best player ever
he's that was the biggest corporate
video rocket it is a big Allah promised
a little bit this is call me yes and
this is it's not a birthday boy just for
today I'll put a lot of freakin clothes
I would like a couple of words guys will
see my birthday outfit tomorrow yeah
that's definitely me when I'm older oh
yeah
he was in a blog a couple Moses alright
I met him once again so he's it apply
again all you up to I don't know go to
telling do a day tomorrow like
Wow my head I leave it that's it this
far was uh no sir
yeah think about vinegar
come on guys there's something really
ratchet 4:23 I'm a tournament like
mature
Hey
like returning to 23 tomorrow early
birthday
is like absolutely
such a wife you can
I got some I was here thank you looking
for second wife
so what you doing so I got two wives I
got two one I'm actually looking for
three why yes I got three one three one
that's the most wretched ticket oh my
god yeah me glad I'm not gonna text
something like that but I can't believe
I can't
I'm not I swear to god I'm not sure roll
em on it's coming so are you sure
I got three homies I gotta head but I
can't believe he just broke ha ha they
just fit they just gave their numbers in
front of each other I told you guys
every time I see him give mug
so much mom she's smile go Connie and me
smart
this is like the thousands thousands
Tyler we met in Time Square so you shout
out you guys are so cool I knew I was
looking for you oh hey he just found me
thank you so much now 30 seconds I don't
know I do so 10 9 hey Sal
- yes
got some serious look through them now
so Han away from me
they got someone has a birthday bother
them thank you go off I'm twenty three
wise oh my god twenty-three up to
anything uh come to old grandpa oh my
god
grandpa grandpa grapes grandpa okay
daughter good my granddaughter
what's up ado me gang so I just got to
my sister's house my sister that I
barely caught her house but I just got
to house and I'm not in a good mood
just around thirty forty minutes ago
celebrating myself being twenty three
years old and I was expecting to have a
crazy happy birthday I was gonna like go
out had all these plans like work that I
was going to post crazy pictures of my
outfits but I seriously do not feel
right doing any of this so I decided to
cancel all my plans I decided to not
post any birthday pictures I didn't want
you guys tell me happy birthday because
one of my idols like Muhammad Ali is
literally like a guy that I've looked up
to ever since I was young and I still do
it
the only thing passed away I mean I know
he should be in a better place not
shallow but it's just like I feel like I
feel like I don't know I feel like
almost like a part of me I feel like
usually when celebrities like pass what
I guess I do get sad but this time when
when Muhammad Ali I feel like
my family fucking someone so close to me
knowing that passed away like my Hartley
I had a hole in my chest and I just
didn't feel right even thinking about
almond birthday so I didn't want you
guys tell me have a birthday and I'm
here sorry for even spreading this
negative energy but I just don't feel
like celebrating something where he
passed away on that day so it won't it
is one fewer so I'm not gonna be
celebrating my bread I'm not gonna be
going out or doing any plans I canceled
everything not gonna post any pictures
out of respect for Muhammad of Muhammad
Ali and all I want you guys to do
together is to just make dua for him for
his family's close friends and that's
all I want you guys to in the comments
below you don't have to have it if you
did thank you guys so so much but you
don't really have to I want you guys
just keep mama deli in your prayers and
inshallah milligram Jenna and also I
will not be uploading the main channel
video today I wanted to upload it so bad
I have the video ready but I'm not gonna
upload it I rather wait till tomorrow
because I do not want to celebrate
nothing today and I don't want to
celebrating today so I rather celebrated
tomorrow with a new video so tomorrow
the new video will be up 3 p.m. Eastern
time I promise and once again I'm so so
sorry this is seriously like my worst
birthday ever one of the worst
like I feel like crap I seriously feel
like crap I know it's hard but it is
just it's hard for me too this guy is a
freakin legend like I didn't project on
him when I was young guys always quotes
I know all his sayings I said I watched
all his interviews and everything and he
was not just the greatest box of all so
he wasn't just a box he was more than
that he represented it's now I'm so so
good he is so many something I did is
just like it's hard so hard so I really
hope you guys towards 10 and thank you
guys know me I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace I like
