I checked her bag on the table while she
was in the bathroom and in the bag was
hands those legs I would chopped off hey
guys what's up ado me gang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing emerging Dirk today I am having
a crazy family day yesterday I supposed
to have a family day but I couldn't
because I had to go out to slim and show
him my love and respect so today is
going to be my family there so let's get
it started
Wow so I told you guys thumbs up the new
prank that I put up and in one minute
you guys got almost 800 thumbs up and I
was trying to get the first person who
thumbs it up so tweet me whoever was the
first one to give the video a thumbs up
and these are the first people who come
to you guys are the first ones this is
what always happens whenever I want to
go outside he wants to come with me he
thinks he's gonna come with me why do
you do this why what's wrong with you
you're not gonna go outside yeah do you
want to go outside yeah okay they're not
even glass eye you know what I'm just
super okay don't be gay I got my little
sunny Sun Sun ready to go say yes ah yes
oh yeah let's go cool v n'j he keeps
going in there keep him
what do you want you want to come with
me yeah okay then no you say nobody
wants to come I don't know the man name
huh
Leonie Adam how are you laughs I'm doing
good in you
two wretched Jason okay what could they
fuck one kiss
the guy was to be dead I hope he was
don't have a bug like that to your
daughter huh yeah she's my daughter
yeah huh for food yeah
a fourth forest we do to the firmament
of oh my god oh man I hope I'm a woman
on a boy - girl - boy so I have three
girls on one boy my - girl - boy but my
give one boy and girl is big when we go
college and my Sango in come on I know
so many guys nice yeah one of my
daughters she's about 12 years old I had
him when I was 10 years old yeah nice
it's crazy but she was like a mistake
she was an accident
yeah yes something happen I have a TV
before but what is music that's I was
okay good oh you you had a mistake -
yeah that's a sister
oh yeah I had a big mistake I didn't
know man I don't know what to do because
it's two women that I have from the
seven different of different kids from
two women and they always fight they
always fight I don't know
they always into his public Turner
colony I told them you can be Monday
Tuesday Wednesday
the other one is Thursday Friday
Saturday and Sunday off but even a woman
they were shitting woman never won it
was here anything yeah woman moment
never liked sharing like this girl I do
you like sharing you like sharing oh
yeah you know that is right that is you
do to man pop sauce thank you so much
coming my slipper I buy my slippery
sorry Thank You Man thank you liquor
come as a prompt birthday cuz everyone
so I was messing with the uber driver
and today I'm going to give you five
stars
can you felt so bad from you just a good
way to get five stars it will just
pretend like you know you have all this
shit make them feel guilty
I'll give you five stars are still funny
right now with a visiting cancer I'd
hate it
they were mostly we're up to them so I
feel like this is a tradition to mark
and just like see what's up that was so
how you doing on your tongue yeah
so I'm taking out the homies Hamza and
Haley team double H because in Rima
because I feel like I always take out I
was take out Jamari Medina
and like muslin I never take out the
homies here because they're older but
it's not that you know there's two
there's still my little baby my baby
nephew and my baby my baby niece so it's
just to be fun nice fun can we go there
that's your school by the way that's a
school whose cool who is the school I
hope you guys can we go in the back of a
corner that's okay we're The Addams
Family
that's what we do yeah can we climb over
and just go play
then why we can't put in Remus all right
we'll go to another court will go to
another cool all about their high
there's a DG collar won't fit on I guess
we're gonna have to go play here
Morningside you belong with what hi
how's it blowing with them now we need
good wood why do you move over I'm
making him up like pebble right
I don't like this basketball court
because it has no nuts but it is what it
is see some shoppers they come on oh
okay
first shot how's the food because he had
to lose so it's gonna be a two on two me
and Rima versus Hilah and Hamza this is
just a warm-up for the game that means
that we're gonna have soon me and Hammer
and have a one-on-one soon so slim this
is a little warning to you and I got
slippers on
Bob slimmest view so that was a little
fun easy game team double H always dope
slim this was just a little warm a few
he's talking last Max and he could beat
me one-on-one we made an agreement gonna
do this me some are gonna play
one-on-one give me a really big game we
do not know when but maybe sometime this
week but sometime next week or maybe
even next month but we're planning on to
see if we can maybe make it like a we
can invite you guys to the court we're
gonna play at and when we play one I
want
you are going to be there and witness
history so it should be crazy I don't
know you guys let me know should I have
like a little New York meet up and hang
out and have the one I want the big one
on the game come on I mean like are you
wearing a bra see you like no no don't
flush them he grabs yeah what is it
what dog how did you get it is color red
handle it our vacuum game stop because
Hamza scheme provide where I gave one of
the right of that Jimmy's something he
gave sup now he wants somehow yeah oh
let me tell you guys a fun fact
was a crazy crazy fad we see this right
here it's building mine it's a police
station when I was around the age of 17
years old
oh the time I got arrested they put me
in this freezing way it was a scariest
thing ever like was so soft I was I was
I was stupid I was to herself it was
wild they literally like me I like a
little home was like legit a little hole
and I could've seen on the little garden
and I was so so scary all cuz I was
fighting and now that I think if it
wasn't worth like nothing like that was
worth it so I want you all for watching
always stay positive and never fight
anyone never reacted up right away
rimas in a bad mood right now she's a
jealousy side just because I got hums
entire day like some games games up
she's going crazy ideas for little brat
I was at a movie theater what do you
want to watch well you're looking like
an angry girl she's looking like it up
she's gonna stay alone while I go run
away from her why don't we run away bye
I do me again so I'm gonna need some of
your help right now okay so I have a
little surprise coming soon you guys
already know the app coming out of my
hand I'm like that but something else is
coming out but I need your help to
decide on something I are the seven of
my signatures that I have that it's like
my signatures this is my signature and
you guys comment below which one you
think is the best signature like which
one you guys thinks the best one which
one do you guys think is the best is it
one is it - is it three is it four is it
five six you guys let me know the
comments below
it'll truly truly help me out a lot so
thank you guys so much so we are about
to play just dance
so we've had to turn it up and see how
it goes my first time playing it if I
like it I might live with the whole
system and buy it - Mouse and Miri love
and mouse anyway play we're doing
tonight
yeah from the back to the left to the
right all the guys fucking hug look you
like money more from the words if you
like
no baby you're getting her gotta lose
its neck in a race I'm gonna turn it up
turn it up break
Just Dance sucks sorry you can't wait
this is us
I don't know what to do like when you
try to dance that connected it's not
connecting like this is a fake connect
is a connecting this is disconnect be
safe I know I've told you guys this
before but my uber driver told me if you
guys want 15 hours off your ride if you
guys run over you put the promo code
uber Adom and you guys will get $15 off
on your ride and I'll get $15 off am i
right well that's if you guys use uber a
lot like me but if you guys make no one
and you starting to on your first ride
will be $15 off guys I promise you guys
I'm gonna get my license I got no I keep
saying that but I promise the day I got
my license is gonna be the day of
history like you gonna be history what
simply take Adam away things will take
my license I'm gonna pose this picture
up no do me gangs in see that's how you
look be proud all right video oh so you
me just smacked my camera's you turned
it off so that's why I turned off don't
do that again because I hate that baby
take it another Hoover go
Adam I just got home and I eat dinner
and I noticed you guys haven't seen my
dad for so so long waiting so I guess at
the bathroom he's gonna come through and
once again he's gonna see me I like you
know sugar because when I go to the room
he always got a pack of cigarettes imma
keep messing with until he stops smoking
and I got a lighter I'm gonna pretend
that I'm smoking cigarette smoke
no sorry don't get hooked up with a
cigarette is very very bad
so why you smoking I give the hook damn
long time ago said Oh smoke is not good
those who have it's not good to you Anna
you told me last time you're gonna stop
what it turns but you forgot an act
right for Wendy can we can you told me
in 1999 you gonna stop smoking in the
year 2000 really when you pretty high
all you have to learn later huh I got
the lighter you ain't getting it but you
know how you gonna get slayed huh why
you so say why does make you happy
because I would smoke on over 15 years
old 15 yeah why you smoked in 15 who
made you smoke Kumi you start smoking
somebody I would really for somebody
from Yemen gonna give me give me what's
his name wasn't it laughs Allah I know
yeah I'm coming to you man what we said
I'm coming to you in my dad's are
smoking we against later back either
please I need you look at him big kiss
Gavin get with do me getting a big kiss
Allah say thumbs up for my big kiss
thumbs up you got a shore thumb
show it sure gonna fight let's go you
know that effect what are you really
okay okay I guys just out okay he fights
really good I taught him so well boo
back ok ok guys up he listens to me so
good
y'all sit sit sit down
see listen see if you guys don't know
the camera that I got is the updated
version of the old camera I got so this
one is a little better better quality
and also has night vision watch this
guys ready
what's alpha do be gay we're filming
something scary and
guys miles are green is it well my eyes
are green let's really taupe you got
green eyes
this is scary ela do you guys hear that
imagine vlogging at night so hi Rima are
you gonna say no now hello are you gonna
say no Rima you look like that little
girl from they look like those little
babies from movies that is so scary
don't move you gotta stare here let me
tell you guys a story let me take out
that my story is a funny story I'm gonna
tell you it come next to me guys so once
upon a time I was 9 years old
hey and I was home alone no one was in
the house just me and someone knocked on
the door and I was a who was that she's
like it's me it's your mother's friend
let me in then I looked at her I looked
at the dorm like wait that's not my
mom's friend you don't look like my
mom's friend then after that she's like
open the door sweetheart I just want to
use the bathroom so I'll open the door
because I was really scared and she came
in she put a bag on the table and she
wants to go use the bathroom she wants
to go use the bathroom then after that I
checked her bag on the table while she
was in the bathroom and in the bag was
hands those legs that were chopped off
hair it was everything was so so scary
someone's arm was chopped off she cut
off the whole arm was so much blood it
was so so scary I started crying yeah I
started crying so much I was like hold
on wait let me finish the story let me
finish I was like oh my god she got this
then you know she did she looked at the
window from the from the bathroom and
she seen me looking at her inside her
bag and then I was like I'm not doing
nothing she's like honey are you looking
into my bag and I'm
like no well I'm not well I wasn't I
wasn't looking at your bag I was it does
she came and you know you know what she
said oh no she told me she I don't want
to she she cuz she taught me if I tell
anyone that she's gonna come back for me
so she she told me is that her Oh what
is she doing over there what is she
doing over there
she was she's behind you Rema be careful
not the Warriors at okay see her playing
this is Game seven it's glorious baby
Remo
she's such a girl as anything a girl
only girls would be like oh my god I
love the white team like one with the
white jersey they're very amazing oh my
god the blue team to score to go they
scar to go oh my god Rima the score to
go war is only down right now by six but
have faith in them it's halftime right
now Steph Curry just killed it my dad
once she shot at wrestling I'm trying to
watch the basketball game but oh no
maybe what was better my second
basketball ok watch listen I saw
something over that big poked him with a
coconut you're not wrestling oh he
wasn't even at halftime so you can watch
you can watch your essence but if the
Divas are probably on right now you're
right so John Cena's back my dad is so
into this a lot of guys have seen my
snapshots at all Adam all of a sudden
you're warriors fan after your Lakers in
Knicks fan obviously I'm a Knicks fan
because their New York City and I'm a
latex paper because I grew up watching
Kobe's my favorite player a Kobe's not
retired and now my favorite player and
then B is Steph Curry because he is just
his jump shot is just wet he works hard
and in the playoffs I want the Warriors
to take this offer you do ah yes
let's go klay Thompson his speaking
shots are crazy okay do me Hank it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoy this vibe if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey to
alma mater that doing with you made it
to the end this vlog and you guys are
watching this part right now give it a
thumbs up so I can know how many of you
didn't make it to the end but thank you
guys so so much if you guys want make
sure you guys sign up at you hype comm
to get a personal email from me on the
day it launched
just and is going to be launching really
really soon the countdown is going to
begin we will swim maybe this week maybe
next week maybe I don't know yet but I
will let you guys know I promise you
guys it's almost there literally like 80
90 % through so i'ma keep you guys
updated also the UI of social media is
in the links down below so make sure you
guys check it out this week I am filming
probably my biggest video yet and I'm
releasing it probably this Saturday
which is on my birthday I'm gonna be
releasing a video on my birthday and if
I'm gonna be the biggest video is a
little social experiment that I'm gonna
be doing and I really hope I get every
single one you guys support because this
one is something personal so hopefully
you guys enjoy it and see much and yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow do me take
care all right bitch thank you so much
for come to every single day I told me
the world thank you so much my love you
and I you coming every day thank you
