hey guys what's up it do me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day
you all should be having crazy super
duper amazing day just woke up and I
looked in the mirror and I have a crazy
tan or sunburn like I got a little
darker but I like the tan it's a cool
cool natural tan from the beach
yesterday but I have to head to the
homie
Slim's house right now Slim's
neighborhood which is around an hour
away from me because he's in the
hospital he just left the hospital and
he got diagnosed with something and it's
I don't know something in the stomach
like called Gregor's Titus I don't know
but I'm gonna go check out him and see
if he's good enough like that because
he's my best friend he's my best friend
my best friend my best and she'll
everything's good with him so I'm gonna
see him in a few and I'll see you guys
in the next shot what's up was good
right oh you guys are like it's good
yeah
hi guys doing you guys doing good
yes that one we listening Oscar
Joshua guys do his brother day yeah
cousins yeah my is you guys show you a
bunch of blogs yeah
they went up to the vlog room guys gonna
be tomorrow's blog see there's an Oscar
and what Oscar Vila Oscar and Villarreal
Aston Villa their Truvada died UMI's and
I appreciate that so much
they were in Cape stop trying to get a
game but I don't think they can get the
game so I'm gonna give them the game
just cuz they're out of that do me so
what's your favorite game huh so I got
the homies the division not even know
what game is that division seriously
thank you guys you guys they show so
much love and vlogs everything so a huge
shout out to them yeah of course it's so
quiet I but they're true why did I do me
and
we leave my orders
yeah sorry about that room breathe
better for you huh don't you dig what
Brooklyn booth whichever way the fastest
way to go brother my best friend is sick
and I have to go to him now you're going
yeah sorry man
hopefully he's okay Shelly baby Billy hi
whichever way is the fastest way which
everything's the fastest man we'll go
there I was in Dunkin Donuts chillin
drinking Dunkin Donuts and there's two
kids came in and then I recorded them
the young kids so I can't you know like
now said only real goons revitalised
UMI's so then they were talking about I
think my black today that's I don't know
huh or here yeah so then after that then
the real writer that I do me
so I find out the rounded I do means I
can also mine somebody that do me
because they watched 10 o'clock so they
watched by the writer I do me yeah yeah
so I asked them I was like yo um well
where you guys coming from looking for
keep stop we're trying to get a game
they're just lookin so I felt about the
oh go back to give us up come back to
games app and when I got them a game
called the division I don't know what
yeah yeah
it's a really I think I think it's a
good game it's really good game that I
like so I got another nice to him huh
I think it was nice again thank you so
much they're really sweet they're really
really smooth that's the least I can do
is like when you leave empty-handed as a
kid especially a game store is the worst
feeling ever asked I felt bad yeah
what's up I am in bearish with the homie
slim had to take him out and a walk
because he seriously like I don't even
know what was happening I drove his
knees hurting his head with her in or
nothing so I don't know expensing away
so I pretty much had something called -
right right was it oh it's called
gastritis - my dish
yeah so whatever um yeah I saw some cool
gas shows right so it's like I got my
race in the stomach yeah like eats you
up inside yourself I would hate to live
here roll it's all out what's up bro I
don't know me though was it called grass
Titus - try this
all gasp writers Thank You Ford a lot
yeah he farts that's why ya know I'm
doing em at hot guys get some good
Hospital
I thought about it take care of it
because I have a strong immune system
but they got in the doctor if I really
thought that I was hot what's how much
your neighborhood but if I wait longer
it could have led to stomach cancer
because guys try this also so they got
actually with the hospital got some
treatment and stuff and yeah so I said
wait it out fixed within 10 days 34 days
that's crazy that's okay by Homme de la
he's okay right now
I seen him now as much but I member a
couple companies in a lot of them when I
went to wedding
he was walking like we're you good
you're good then he told me his knees
are hurting and I got some knee brace
then it wasn't his stomach hurting he
was so confusing he said I don't know
and every time I try to help him he's
like I'd be not a doctor you're not a
dog but yeah I know my stuff
I know my stuff was a lot of symptoms it
was weird yeah it was weird but um
delays okay and hopefully he's gonna be
gone a few days the only thing that's
where the worst thing is you know I eat
a lot right yeah and like my stomach is
so hungry but I can't me nothing it was
a bizarre like that I have no appetite
at last two days bro another project
slim sacrum no buts unhealthy yeah don't
know unity I'm he's wait bro no you need
to eat fruits and like vegetable day at
all you're never adaptable you need any
food somebody knows what I'm sorry half
to me this guy eats no fruit no
vegetables
what is last miracle 20 years ago that's
not good raw is bad so let me start you
more food special so you guys tell him
your slimmies Tom comments a like
comment motivate him to eat healthy
thank you so much so we're here on a
chocolate dinner date some can't eat
because he has no appetite but to be
honest like I'm not I'm eat this you eat
this so he destroyed hey bro tell people
this is just eat the healthy what some
girl you have to I'm not even sure that
you have to go everyone's looking around
looking looking at this brings back so
many memories
so I have a couple cousins that live
here in marriage and I just always visit
ever since when I was like what ten
years old what he's doing is I'm like
four or five years old and I saw
visiting around the age of like
probably like 14 15 so about over a
decade ago this was literally like my
hood which is 86th Street oh and for
them know your heart is very job this
was my hood 86th Street holders 86th
Street and 4th Avenue I used to own this
block that was a KB Toys over there I
saw this black eye probably the life
stone is like a prince of Brooke I'm the
king of birth I used to be then I gave
it down I let slip hold it down Alec
slim you can hold it down
so I just met the homie what you guys
want to sit to the vlog there is
laughing like laughing what are you
laughing at
that's something on my face resonate
that's me Yousef jimana hey Miriam
Miriam I'm all forget your name you guys
are thank you guys oh my god what's up
me guess what's good Eve so her mom used
to be Slim's teacher I'm a teacher and
she just said that some was a horrible
student I don't know sweetie come on
look straining she saw my mom purchase
Kravitz yo slim and it's okay the rest
of us being good as fast but a throne
subong me go ahead mister me sure go
right ahead
yeah so the mummies jabot and Malik
right yeah the last time I seen them was
four years ago me and also you guys also
met Emma was these two girls things
Allah and not another
I'm mad at that didn't fly with you know
so shy but I met the four years ago -
and it's crazy having like a whole
reunion like see I was like Sodor now
here is this small like now you got me
totally high and I thought I'm so told
you it's just about I shall I go told me
and the best in everything both sides
I'll football better now okay thank you
yeah sure I played ball right here look
I'm not a that leaves you only got a up
sleepyhead Lonnie Sean o dr 3z thing
eyes new plugs no it turns out Chris
okay so case let's practice my right
when do you want faking 101 is gonna be
oh the whole vlog is gonna be why the
whole life in a regular voice when you
hear you live alone when I beat you
don't make is from yeah
thank you so I'm about to head out back
home to the city I just came to say what
up to the homie Slimak and we talking
about well yeah I just I just have to
check up have a nice little walk course
about that and the Matt we met a lot of
you guys said a lot you guys got so cool
having a baby so long so it's nice
seeing your faces again
similar faces so he chat outs everyone
that seen especially like three four
years ago you guys are so dope
that legendary him out here now Eminem
he hasn't he hasn't came out nothing Bo
he need to come out something I'm still
the best I'm still I done anything ever
so gracefully boost are your ears were
high 52 shots at 50 even make 50 cent oh
yeah baby did you volley Aminah what
about dr. Dre Dr Dre made Eminem boy so
crazy looking at skid last time I seen
him he was a 68 we're beginning school
he was like this tall now yeah what's up
ado me gang so I'm gonna teach you guys
how to pull the craziest prank ever well
the same prank that I did on slim and
what cost that's out today
so this is what you do you get a speaker
you have a speaker and you have your
phone or laptop whatever you want to
record and you record through your phone
or through your laptop and you can
record some crazy noises like oh my god
oh my god is killing or you can even
record this what I've done before to my
mom I recorded like one time my son was
crying and I recorded Muhsin crying on
my phone and I put the speaker in
Mawson's room and I locked the room and
I kept mostly with me in my room and the
while my son was quiet I pressed play I
connected the Bluetooth you gotta
connect the Bluetooth to these two so
when you're away you can press play
whenever you can so I went away and I
pressed play of Muslim crying and mom
was in the living room she got upset
bugging out banging on the door kickin
it freaking punching like crazy then I
ended up coming out tell your mom was
just a joke my son is here my mom went
crazy on me but I think that's one of
the most craziest pranks ever so if you
guys want to ever do something like this
this is how you do it make sure you
don't go to extreme and if you see them
going crazy just go right away and just
tell them it's a prank also make sure
when you guys do it the door's locked
and you have a key because when I did on
slim I totally forgot that I don't have
no Keef like the hotel bathroom so we
needed to call reception we need it's
called the hotel room lady cleans up the
room to come up and open like the bath
door okay do me Gaia it's time to wrap
up this vlog I hope you all enjoy this
like if you did make sure you get a
thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so much for your love and
support truly means the world I cannot
wait Ramadan is coming really really
soon and I cannot wait for like just
daily homologues and just crazy lies
coming real soon so hope you guys ready
for that make sure you guys check out my
new prank which is in the description
down below the first link down below it
is probably the craziest prank that I've
ever ever did so make sure you guys
check it out I'll go give it a thumbs up
thank you guys so much I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace I like
