right
what's up atooma gang I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
a horrible day so far I'm having a
horrible day you all should be having an
amazing amazing day I am so mad right
now like oh my god I was vlogging the
whole morning I woke up 8:30 a.m. to go
film the app trailer for you hype I
filmed the app trailer I was blogging
with I was lying with the cameraman I
was here I was chilling we're hanging
out went to Dunkin Donuts I left I went
to the bank in Union Square 14 chicks
man
I met two fans let me now call offense I
meant to fake pins I've been setups
little to fake fans while I was front of
the bank two guys came up to me and one
of them was like hey Adam can I get a
picture with you files again he kept
pushing me away to the side who's like
can you come to the side stroke riders
I'm like alright cool and I told the
other guy this is why it's my fault I'm
such an idiot
you know how I am with like behind me
like fans on the yo take out my camera
you got it take it he was like nah gosh
blue because I always trust people so
fast especially like thinking everyone I
always think everyone is allotted eyes
Umi I need to stop thinking like that so
I want to go take a picture a little
more to the corner where it's not that
crowded and when I come back the guy is
gone the camera is gone the other kid
that I took a photo with is completely
gone all of them are gone
now look around luckily I still had my
bag with me this was my bag that I had
but my camera was on top of it I look
all around the mic hold up what the heck
I just just clicked in my head like they
set me up these kids turn me on oh if
you guys can see on my snapchat my
snapchat is here I've been snapchat and
I'm waiting around chicks make
cheeseburgers cursory I'm waiting my
cheese Bank and I want the kid to come
back I'm gonna stay waiting until the
kid comes back I don't know if the kid
will come so I'm snapchatting I'm trying
to come back he's a man it disc it if
you watching this right now if you're a
man come to Omaha
I've been armed with meters videos email
tomorrow he was a man up you'll come say
right now it's chase rain we can flash
there that's want to talk I just want to
talk to you both
I'm not having a horrible day not that I
didn't care the fact that you'd like to
be telling your like my videos and you
stole my freaking camera bro
and I'm up so at least give him a memory
card you saw my camera freaking Oh
seriously do not know what to do but I'm
gonna just continue on looking for him I
don't see him I just gotta head home and
just forget about it now I got a little
camera hamdullah and I'm gonna be more
safe now and I can't trust anyone
it's real quick like I can trust anyone
no more I just do all the time I was
gonna take care of my stuff toys I'll
take care that usually everyone always
takes care of it but this person you
legit stole my camera this is all the
unwrapped boxing from the new camera
that I just got it's the same camera a
different tripod I'm still waiting for
this freakin dude I don't know if he's
gonna show up I doubt that highly doubt
it he'll show up because i snapchatted
like three times he comes to me and
tells me were surrounded as a prank I
wouldn't mind a crane in fact that they
set me up and they love
hi guys I'm heading back home I can't
find it do it or nothing like that I
will see him again I forgot even how it
looks I wouldn't even know to be honest
my looks but if I don't know you can
hopefully start a YouTube channel now
you can have good vlogs man so you can
make your channel named Adam solace
camera or stew I'm a thief I don't know
something like that I really hate people
who lie cheat and steal those pretty
words I thought almost corner for SEC I
swear to God if I see this kid right now
the black footage will go for pg-13 to
rate it are so good I got to go home and
up all this blood for you guys hopefully
have a better day after this and I'll
overcome it is just I don't care about
buying a new camera this is really
annoying when stuff like only in New
York City only in New York City
I promise table somewhere else in any
other city no one will do anything like
this only in New York Bri mama said we
didn't see you yesterday you know why
yeah you know why yeah cuz you peed on
me and I stayed away from you yeah
yes I did yeah I stay far away from you
nah you peed on me yeah you made a fool
out of me you embarrassed me what what
I'm Robin
Rima where we going right now huh where
are we going to get to Joe Jones Beach
Georgia Bridge or Jones Beach Joan Jett
Beach and guess it was not going yeah
you're not going yeah yes you're not
going you ain't going to y'all agree me
ready what I'm gonna push you in the
water
yeah yes I'll go push you push me why
turn there fuck to the Sharks I know
what that's it so I'm push you to sharks
yeah watch know you're secure folks
begin to hurt me it's okay I'm gonna
take you to the Dolphins No
do you love yourself you don't I'm just
asking look you love me okay I won't
throw you to the water yeah I won't I
said I won't i won't i won't i love you
give me hero 5 no you a gay no i feel
bad ok fine i fine fine we may let's go
we are out
Jones Beach ready bow yeah I'm ready sir
nice beautiful sunny day hundred degrees
like a dream up hey hey I need a one
dance got a baby in my
you ready Reema for what let it go
Reba
yeah
let's don't speech and they got a little
windy my day is going a little better
because now I have my heavy VC remote
she's here since Monday so much better
go chill have fun so with you now that's
guys now so cold
sheesh can you give us a nice catwalk a
beach catwalk like a catwalk huh Remo I
didn't say like go oh my god there's a
girl saying meow and walking I'm talking
about like a cat walk like something
like that do it while the wind is going
go alright never mind this oh we were
just catwalk ever do you like wintertime
or summertime why so you can swim so
you're a summer baby Gavin you can skip
go
what's up butters met the homie Salman I
know he's a Truvada die too so I told
him what I'm doing okay
yeah where you look right here
the quiz online state
thank you - I really I don't know don't
be shy I do and say what's up what's up
you guys family
yeah nice you are so beautiful
what's up with Joey gay hairs it away
we're at the beach it's really
I'm not getting order water is super
super cold weekend everyone
I'm not getting a water going in so I'm
going with it he's going
if you're going in I got it you go to
through row this rip currents and always
in there look no one's did this sign
that's rip current ah yo this thing is
freakin frozen Road this is frozen let
it go let it go the blown the whistle
Graham stop right there's a rip current
don't do it luck see sir swings Hey oh
my god hey don't go to cool
readin wants to go to water but it's too
cold for come on my gosh
I've been digging for some girl for
about 10 minutes
very might have some fun
come on fiery mark
take care
here kids getting into it this is two
points I got me some faraway look it
looks so funny before oh just came out
of the border I just pushed a dime it's
time screaming so I'm gonna have to go
to
guys not
that is make sure you look it up it's
really dangerous
please do not join us
it really did
thinking like drop someone
as we're coming from there see there now
another way to come from here and in
that middle snatches you up and you're
done
I'm going here stand the water figures
Oh No
okay sure don't put them up face
peace
we just got done with the beach I'm
never going in again the water is
freezing it seriously like a frozen like
I feel like I'm in another Bowl like the
water is like Antarctica something like
that were heading back home gonna go
chill homie Marcin
I miss him so much so I'll see you guys
in the next shot no I said he missed you
what are you doing give me kiss
Mukesh cool Lucas mom I noticed that
muslin only likes it when meeting my
camera together if I stick a camera in
his face he gets rude and says no I
noticed that a lot like you've known as
I say no Papa to Cameron's face he'll
get angry and try to hit the camera
watch this watch this hi see what do you
see
stop stop stop come down come we make
wine I mean we must cry we must climb he
was going where well mm-me Maya's meal
hello he says Reema say say Reema me and
MA Reema huh Mila see so sweet when I
was a kid when he's with me and Ken the
dolphin came Nima yes a dolphin choked
Ernie ate her up
yes
the shark ate her head off
he beat her up Lila yes we mom yes your
Rima sister Remo yes
Hema yes mama
yes 'muslim look at me
they ate her what is dog leave it here
they didn't eat her they did oh my god I
feel like I just spoke to him he knows
what I'm saying hey Dad okay happy she's
okay she's okay don't worry I baby don't
worry boy it's the cutest thing ever
that's so cute I got it so cute there's
the cutest thing this is so cute oh my
god I can't I can't deal with this
this is like the cutest thing ever it
wasn't here okay don't worry
nigga she's good she's good he thought
the doctor he taught the dolphin the
Sharks a cheery mo I'm not it didn't it
didn't she's right there she's a fun of
you
she's good look good because Robin I
love death tight guys imma try it again
i'ma speak to him and tell him a story
and i'ma see if like he gets him like if
he knows what I'm saying cuz I feel like
he just knows I feel like he knew what I
was saying wasn't no way no way they
didn't do that Muslim the Sharks ate
Rima he knows what I'm saying hey this
is nice Reema Muzzin the dolphin a tree
mom
you ream up play along what is your he
does the dolphin a dream oh yeah oh yeah
is that okay then the dolphin son wanna
come share my little Barry Kevin kala
again we did Eddie got ya vote he looked
son I didn't get it okay good did you I
like do some boxing by the side of the
beach with Reem and my brother will be
dope just chill have a nice chilla so
hope you guys did enjoy this bag if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey
I just want to say I'm so sorry for
bringing like so much negative energy to
you guys on my camera getting stolen
doesn't matter I overcame here I learned
my lesson and I shot a lot more
positivity seriously I just want I just
want the best like I just want to give
you guys the best vlogs every single day
the best challenge videos every single
day the best I wanna give you guys my
best every single day so I truly
appreciate every single one your support
and I don't know from now on like when
I'm outside anyone that I've seen public
this is what I would I feel like but I
feel like cuz I've been wasting my time
with so many people so many of you I met
so many people who hate me and I'm
they're giving it my all giving them
being too nice and like it taken
advantage of me this is so many people
that I met who are like oh man I mean I
don't like your videos nothing but like
one of my friends I cannot I just want
take a picture someone even told my
sister so much so my sister this in the
wedding they're like I'm uh um oh my
sister likes Adam my listen my sister
likes Adams videos but like I don't get
the point why like it's retarded like
that like who why would you say that
just if you don't like a person if you
don't like a person just don't say
anything just continue on with life just
don't don't say anything cuz it just
shows what kind of person you are if
you're going on to a person telling them
hobb your videos suck but I just seen
you before I just wanna get a picture if
someone comes and they're like a fake
fan they're like oh so Reema's a sister
oh I mean I don't you just I feel like
you're not that well but I just watch it
cuz I don't know just some people just I
don't know some people I feel like
do not deserve the attention that I
always I'm way too nice so imma stop
like any person that I see I'm ask you
guys questions I'm seriously give you
guys five rotted I do me questions
they're probably gonna be like when it's
my birthday
um yes oh I'm gonna say I'm how the mine
what's my nationality and yeah we give
you guys five righted I do me questions
and if you don't pass the right day I'm
leaving that's it that's it that's it I
feel like my rider that I do means they
deserve everything from me and I'm no
wasted too many times and a lot of fake
people who pretend to be like fans but
they're actually haters some people will
take pictures of me and they post it
saying shaking my head met this loser
message dumbass like and they literally
write a caption I'm looking at like why
did I even be too nice to take that
picture take my time our life to take
that picture I mean yes I'm showing I'm
the nice guy but this is Stefan I'm you
like then sometimes you need to stand up
for yourself and I think that's what I'm
gonna do pretty much I may just give all
my attention
so my rotted I do Me's and everyone
watching if you're a writer that do me
give this vlog a thumbs up truly means
the world if you guys are ready died to
me if you know my birthday if you know
my nationality if you know um if you
know my birthday nationality give it a
thumbs up you already died on me thank
you guys so much for a little support
I'm so sorry once again and that's when
to give you guys Mars wanna keep it
positive I'm positive guy anybody that
comes at me in a negative way I could
send you any positive you guys should
know by now so thank you guys so much
for everything you do me gang my all my
ride attack dummies thank you guys so so
much and I'll see you guys tomorrow I
like
