hey guys what's up and do me gang this
is Adam Saleh and we are here at the new
Adams family house what's up you already
know rema got the supreme on not a
supreme sandwich prank week is still on
a do me gang and today our victim is Bob
Abe kicks my older brother her father
it's so so freezing outside right now
we're heading out me a ream on eight
kicks he's inside the house right now
where I'd taken his car we're gonna go
over and as you're shopping for the
house and for my floor but what he
doesn't know is that we're also getting
something else to prank him so let's
pretend that everything is cool right
now with Baba I mean your Baba okay
let's do it
hi guys we ran eight kicks car the BMW I
know what I'm saying haip see what up
Ben was good was good you know I you
look like a caveman bro Rima do you want
Baba to cut here should I shave it yeah
never
yo wishes shave Abe's head right we
should cut his hair as a prank right hi
guys what the parking lot right now Abe
isn't funny mean we're gonna go buy some
furniture but then after that I'm gonna
get something you guys will see around
one minute in the vlogs I look we just
got in here we're shopping I don't even
know what we're shopping for I think
we're getting couches from our fleet and
some cabinets and stuff you already know
man don't go man how you doing doing
good at each other can you subscribe to
me trying to gain some more subscribers
wait I think I know you don't forget to
subscribe because I upload every single
day excuse me how you doing my name is
Adam Sol I have a YouTube channel can
you subscribe to me
we can't cuz about to gain another
subscriber out here what sir what's your
name
Adam saw ad am s alth
I hear Elijah Elijah my middle I'd you
thank you so much man I look I love you
so much man I love you thank you so much
heed a man but love this dude man
seriously man thank you guys so much
don't forget it thumbs up I got so if
you guys do not know I'm getting a PC
and right now we're looking for some
best to buy and some chairs but I want
to make the chair really really dope cuz
you know I was gonna be in my office I
might have the whole PC there he's gonna
be sick I can't wait I'll see you guys
the next track
there's also rooms and beds here I just
got to fix up everything from a secret
floor and I'm gonna show you guys all
right after this
we're going to Toys R Us and I'm gonna
buy a big big doll because that has
something to do with the prank that I'm
doing today it do me gang an hour and a
half later look what we're getting we're
getting desk for the computer stop for
the floor stuff for the house this is
very much desk but literally gonna hook
up the whole thing I cannot wait you do
me I can show you guys I think January
1st 2018 I will show you guys our
January 2nd so stay tuned for that the
reveal of my place let's do it do me as
give me my whole youtube place it's
gonna be my YouTube world it's gonna be
my world 2.0 Justin even your Adam you
got a big mirror I can't pick it up yo
this is my mirror man let me stop
vlogging and help you I even got a rug
for my place man oh my god not at the
face rug man again a rug man what the
heck oh my god hi guys me moss and a
Remo we're in Toys R Us right now we're
looking for a doll that's near Moss
inside my brother right now he is
somewhere else furniture shopping he
dropped us off here thinking I'm gonna
buy toys washing oh he doesn't knows
that we're looking for a life-size doll
that's the size of Lawson because I'm
gonna use it to throw it from the stairs
and when it falls he's gonna think it's
awesome I'm thinking about this cath you
want this one wasn't alright guys I have
a great great idea since Mawson wants
this toy and he likes Captain era of
America and it's around his height we're
gonna use this we're gonna use this
instead of using a doll holy buddy we
out jet do we get ado me gang I'm
finally home with Mawson and Rima after
a whole four to five hours of going
house shopping furniture shopping buying
mirrors literally everything from my
floor that I will reveal to you guys in
2018 probably the first day of the
second day but right now it is prank
time are you guys ready
mustn't even know who were pranking who
are printing who told you it do me yank
this is about to be a wild wild prank
and the homie captain Arab America he's
gonna be a big part of it okay so this
is what we're gonna do my older brother
Abe is still outside he won't be here
till another ten to twenty minutes so
this is what we're gonna do when Abe
comes to the house I'm gonna let him see
me play with moss in on the stairs a
dangerous kind of playing in the stairs
to the point where he might be like
y'all be careful chill out and when he
goes to his room we're gonna quickly
dress up captain air of America with the
same clothes as Mawson matter of fact
we're gonna try it on right now just to
see how it looks Marcin yeah take off
your hoodie
look at this God look at this what we
also got Mawson's boots just to make him
a little taller hey do me gang tell me
this does not look like what I said what
we're only gonna let age see the back
when he falls we're gonna let the dummy
fall on stomach so he can only see his
back but tell me this doesn't look like
Moses this looks exactly like him look
at him what that fake oh yeah and this
dude is hitting his own stunt double man
so Abe is gonna see Mawson like this
bitch okay this is crazy
this is wild yo this is crazy what do
you do it you step it on his back bro
you have to love him love him listen
yeah that's your little bro man you know
who you'd rather have the dummy okay do
me yank it is time now that we test it
out the homie right here we are ready to
go but before we go do me hang makes you
guys give it a thumbs up thumbs up and
do me yay
we truly appreciate every single one of
you guys and really hope you guys are
enjoying prank week I feel so evil man
like I feel evil but the crazy thing is
you guys love it so it makes you guys
evil so do me a thumbs up and let's do
this let's do it a doobie gang
subscribe thumbs up I'll see you guys in
the next shot you ready Wow who's that
Wow
that's so amazing this is crazy
no you don't want to try it because come
come wow you're so wild some jumping
like that you're so so crazy seriously
stop jumping like that man
ma I'm only crazy minute luck so crazy
stop be careful when you go down yes go
down slowly slowly don't worry you guys
slowly slowly
I've never heard him scream like that in
my life anyway he's good sure what most
of you snitch he supposed to be on my
side man yo who would you think no time
my heart rolled no just do it
he was on my side I just wished on me
because if that came in all like that
ish man I'm like that you mice you good
boy okay you almost broke the freaking
rail over the crime scene right here oh
yeah I've never seen you scream like
that in my life bro are you okay
I feel bad
no I don't feel damn I feel bad man that
just hit me hard man nobody have kids
you'll know how he'll oh my god Muhsin
please don't snitch on me you make me
feel bad man hey yo get on my face
what's wrong issued it was him was
Mawson know was muffin I feel so bad
look at the Sun man the son loves ya
whose muffin an atom no no no no
who's you it it was you Watson
hey it was you was you bro it was box
this is why I don't think we're gonna
get babies again you guys keep hitting
me my freakin burn Oh Oh what ha this is
what happens when you prank that of
family these are the consequences then
I'm Brad with black here I love you guys
Reid was on my side all these relayer
day one girl me here day one that was a
Kangol screaming what the heck that we
must stop Shh yes
stop this dude really wants to knock me
up hey Reba I love you thank you for
defending me thumbs up to me game I love
you guys subscribe tomorrow it's gonna
be crazier break take care and peace I
love you hello patiently waiting but
I've been just down the road thought I'd
just let you know so when you hear me
pull it up
outside just know I've been ready for
you girl I can't lie
