cap your kindness
if you believe you
the Vegemite here
hey guys what's up it will be hanging I
hope y'all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day
you all should be having super duper
amazing day right now I'm heading go get
a new camera and I gotta give up cause
his camera because he let me use his
camera so thank you so so much
I do 34th Street and 9th Avenue so I
don't know which camera to choose I'm
thinking about getting the same on Waqas
house but the only thing is that it's
much much bigger than the one I have the
one I have is already big I don't know
I'm still deciding hopefully when I'm
there I'll come to a good decision I
shouldn't give you guys the best quality
give you guys the best content I'm yours
I don't know what I'm doing just a bunch
of traffic right now literally I'm like
supposed to be ten minutes away but
there's a lot of traffic so it's gonna
be around thirty minutes
thank you bye I'm going to the camera
store right now I'm still deciding what
to choose
I'm thinking about getting the regular
one that I just had before because it's
already big enough and it's already good
this ready good quality and I know how
to use it so we're gonna go in there we
go choose you guys go help me choose the
camera this the one I'm using right now
just the other ones that I have so it's
pretty much the same thing just this one
is a little bigger so I'm like 80% sure
that I'm getting the same camera that I
had before because the guy was telling
me that the camera that I have different
chords and better quality and all this
one has better zoom but other ones
pretty much the same thing as small and
a hat and records in 4k so I might just
get down but I don't want to get it yet
I want to walk around and explore some
new cameras and see maybe if I like
another one can you see anyone can you
see kissy-kissy nothing I would never
buy that thing I would never buy imagine
putting a Remo come on no it just smack
ha let me see nothing so guys just came
and this is ringing you know why
thanks yeah I knew your backside it was
like that in it so I came to a
conclusion I'm gonna get the same exact
camera but I have because I'm not I feel
like I'm used to it better this one is
good a huge shootout told us you know
hey no glasses
he helped you a lot so if you guys want
to check out his channel make sure you
guys check it out in the description
down below he's gonna have a new video
so and he had a crazy murder prank so
check it out down below next shot will
be me with the other my camera bank
I officially got my brand new camera
this is mine I can do whatever I want
with it everyone is sharing I got a new
like new tripod so I could go a little
further out so you got
her tank so I'm just trying to give you
guys the best best quality I can finally
start my day with you guys so nice to
see you again this is so much and maybe
you got really tall strong would you be
eaten girl oh you're gonna meet your
family okay
I don't mind me you can be my family and
I'll be
once again another awkward moment I met
like four of you guys right now while I
was talking to sup woman in the picture
but why is this always happy to me why
like I meet you as the most awkward
moments watch your videos every damn
thing is Aisha go wait
appreciate couple days later when I
sleep when I when I see the video ask
for somebody that's what
somebody call me for
to disappear
so guys I just meant the home BOJ who
seems to just touch my heart when he
just told me he watched a blog about
last week or two weeks ago and where
says I quit and I thought motivating
guys saying that she never acquaintance
and he said he was so close to quitting
and until you watch that blog he had a
job interview and he didn't quit and he
went through and he made it so hamdullah
that is so dope Jose it means so much
this is what I look for sittin to be
honest like seeing people like you come
out to me and tell me that so it really
needs a lady social much Thank You /
thank you so much a lot of weird stuff
is going on right now right I agree with
Verizon
Oh
they're booing the Verizon customers I'm
t-mobile Verizon okay they came thick
they can't boo me that's what happens
when I go in
as well the guy yelled Africa
it's crazy all right
New York City is a lot today's one of
the most sunniest beautiful days today
so I'm gonna go in and do some shopping
let's go my favorite places to shop
Urban Outfitters so I just came back
from shopping I got seven tops like
shirts and I didn't try them so
hopefully it goes well
so I just got home I had a little
workout I hung on my family took a
20-minute nap because we're so early and
Marcin keeps bothering me
so much looking look at me trying to
teach and saying say yes this dude is so
by the way these are the outfit this is
one of the tops that I got from Urban
Outfitters you guys let me know if it's
dope you guys don't really I love
fashion so so much it's something that
I'm passionate and I love love
I don't know I love fashion someone I'm
I'm a shopping addict so it's a bad
thing don't don't do that I'm going
outside but I'm going outside I might go
meet up with the homie slim haven't seen
him for so long so I'm missing so much
so see what else goes on for today in
NYC once again I have headed to go see
slim obviously it was always right there
zero
so until you think I don't know okay
I'd forgotten Google on camera so
without yellows goody but we have seen
so long working together had a slide of
adventure for a while and today we gonna
have a slide I'm a bitch so people keep
saying my face looks super shiny but the
thing is when I had work on his camera
he had it set unlike a filter like
before I got he had a set like an
Instagram filter up like that so my face
just look really shiny that's what I use
my face is Boston's motion which is baby
lotion it's like and sometimes my face
just and I just super shiny attacks I
guess it's like I don't know everything
I was doing it looks like I'd like
Vaseline on my face and people always
laugh at me like that so I was like wow
someone said wants to have someone said
was that lipstick on I don't have no
lipstick listen easy guys she's not shy
okay he's got so much it easy that's
known as the lives
no lipstick of joseline and Stephanie
every I get outta here I'm never good
we can ever come but we brought her to
FaceTime so say hi
she got the Yemeni / Mexican wife IcyHot
okay she says what's up we have the same
birthday so it makes you guys yeah give
us huge birthday shout out on to fourth
with these with your nationality
going to expand Surat you guys spent
ready yo yo yo
como te amo mucho mamacita senorita
mucho Bonita
should i do god guys I got a new big
this together
we look at our wisdom
we look at my boys are you looking at my
boy
maybe
that's it
I'm gonna tell you
his name is slim he's 21 years old
before wood picks up everything so you
can hang out with him your Christmas
look together
crimp crimp fladam is over that's it
tickle meet you
you guys should go to me go and go I
just beat me Asami I do was good
oh I like to go on a theme
I can't why are you got rejected he got
rejected I got so much stuff damn you
rejected you got rejected now you got no
one King I know it I broke away it Chris
broke up with you I never knew that shit
that much stop but it got doc excuse me
it was a lie guys the cops who asked you
why were you looking at my boyfriend
did I show you guys
just a next time don't do that because I
will post something on Instagram about
you with the world okay
I want to choose that I'm overdoing it
no she said no she yes thank you thank
you
oh that was funny I wasn't crazy okay oh
do me Ganga it's time to wrap up this
vlog I hope you all enjoy the fog we did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey I just put on my brace back on I
took it off and I went out with it off
and it was like the most wrong decision
ever because it just hurt my hand more
and I need to stop doing that because
hopefully - a dolphin okay because if I
keep doing that
the doctor is literally gonna once I go
back once I go back to the doctor and
she sees my hands not you she's gonna
like go crazy on me mutters stop take
him on the spot like gosh but modern I
hope you guys all enjoy this bike when
you keep taking it off I hope you guys
all enjoy bike if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
tomorrow we are gonna be um we're gonna
be trying on some wedding outfits trying
hers on right now
Marcin is here being cute I'll be trying
on my body officer I couldn't wait yet
because we have a wedding coming so
that's something also that was just like
a henna for wedding so we gonna get
ready and turn up tomorrow see you guys
- and take our w earpiece I like to the
side this is how it works gonna be
alright
baby please be who you wanna be I know
your father
