can you okay
if you put this
Ejim I hate me right you're right
hey guys what's up for do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
a super-duper amazing day I am here in
New York City with an amazing view you
can see right here this is beautiful one
amazing view in the Hudson River that's
New Jersey right there this is pretty
much all of Westside so you all probably
wondering why am I here in a hotel the
thing is I'm not just a youtuber I am
also a tour guide I was just given a
tour guide to NAS like little USA and
today I'm a your tour guide to the homie
you guys seen him in a couple of lives
Moby say what is up what's going on but
what is good he just came from Michigan
he came from Michigan for a wedding
right yes and I have wedding to go to
tomorrow so all these weddings are
getting us seriously like crazy
I really hate weddings but this was a
family wedding it's going to dope
it's gonna be fun summers come with me
to wedding - so we're gonna have some
wedding crashers put your shawl around
beat his New York State or guy do you
know a movie do you know that I'm like
one of the best tour guys in New York
City right all right I'm gonna show you
all the places that place what to call
the click click finger there's a place
called the cliffhanger it's near easy at
times but it's like a huge cliff hanger
right so like you can literally go on
top of the cliff hanger and like hang
leg clipping right you could take a dope
picture and post on svm if you want it's
so sick so sick I'm 31
clipping a cliffhanger oh well it's art
that's what is art someone is it okay
art oh sorry you know this is to see
like art I will see ya
I'll show you don't win it you're like
huh what same as you having trouble I
feel so bad his vlog is not loading it's
not uploading this is new to her problem
hopefully she'll works out
make it sit in Amy's hungry ate well amy
has 8 the struggle you guys see this
vana sees what you guys don't see he's
going through a lot for you guys so
always appreciate what some does this
hotel is one of the dopest hotels that
I've been to but it's so confusing like
it's one of the most confusing hotels
I've been a bit is so dope it's like
this one the biggest hotel in Times
Square look you look around this to be
where the 52nd floor by the way 52nd
floor so I want to say the bathroom
right now look at the same where is the
same house was walking I slam gum so
let's um go I don't open saying it took
me 10 minutes over some I open oh this
is super here alright I'd open it damn
you're smart any good it's like a yeah
how this so good is thanks
see but it took me 10 minutes over that
little bit comes with everything like
any this is this is a shaving kit this
is nail clipper this is toothbrush
toothpaste yes I don't know what the
heck this is like oh damn I use
e-magazines
this is that like shit another alright
some guess how much guess how much is
the M&Ms right there don't don't don't
look don't guess it's huh two dollars to
Laos and that's expensive how much it
how much does it normally costs plus a
dollar the dollar - four dollars in
Michigan it's really super dog cuz you
have this so back in 1999 in 50 that's
her
but when you look over here Eminem's
eighth eight dollars what fell eight
dollars for Emma knows we'll pay $50 and
then a gallon and all it's especially
interval this is phenomenal
yeah let's say you move in Eminem you
have eight that's it like you even if
I'm accident you have to eat it you're
charged for this right here is the
bathroom is
it's a blur bathroom you can see some
going there you can go inside and see
something lazy is it what hello it's
like butter huh
so do something they're gonna comment
below quick guys comment below you can
see what Slim is doing right now huh
good oh so funny is blue I never use the
bathroom we gonna see a blurring or
quote that yeah this is scary u-kiss yes
yes we can see you cheonsik shit Luisi
they must miss out you can see nothing I
can see barely see anything yeah so you
shout out to the homie Moby he gave my
first ovo I don't wanna get I always try
to get over yourself but like I don't
know they smell too quick this guy
seriously like mashallah he's a fetus
Sneaky's at sneaker freak
he's a clothes reek and he comes out
with the dope of stuff that you can
never find like mashallah so dope what's
that oh yeah what it means right all the
sneaker heads what it is called
let me guess some what do you thinks is
called you jeez now these are this is so
dope oh my god they're called ideas city
socks city socks yeah Oh socks and
undies are called
well I don't know whether nmds school
with like over there fire so finally
upload as well whoo yeah yeah got it
family huh you got it throwing about it
gets going hungry
Ami's hungry shit yo honestly wrong but
he's looking for thumbnails do with all
152nd
for oh well all the way up nothing is
that yeah mall away I'm so dope quick
musically ready musically ready set go
all the way up nothing is that me I'm
all the way up all the way inside music
please go oh
we're doing a little shopping right now
movies go away very awesome show so I
see them in the last he helped me out a
lot of guys coming top man personally I
see it delivery knows all the style just
show me how to work doc don't sheet so
you guys come through go to Dario some
adamson I like ha trick looks so arabic
here usually but but to speak like how
do you be a lot different
finally got something moving I already
got my stuff that you guys gonna see
tomorrow tomorrow is the biggest like
day of my life because it is wedding
money sweating it's gonna be so big so
crazy so wild it's literally the biggest
day of my life
yeah but I it's gonna be so crazy so I
really hope it goes well we stopped for
a quick food break we have some hummus
some SH so long stressful day stressful
YouTube Dave put us all go you son
you're so good we're gonna overcome this
you're gonna stay positive gonna be well
everything's gonna go great okay sure
let me see that smile
mom no be careful you don't all go on
like that bro don't go to the bathroom
alone cool I'm say it's Adam having
people Michigan welcome to New York City
well people you're not gonna it's like a
young video they'll be
New York Ryan - where are you talking
about my town what no get the fake
spider-man I'm the real spider-man who's
the real spider-man me who got I got bit
I did I didn't really get me by spider
one Sabo YouTube hey you guys don't know
how you guys doing good
I think I would not have expected to my
gosh it hey I seen the boccie don't I
stay so many awesome things awesome I do
it yeah what are you guys doing here
showing you live here living room yeah
that's awesome yeah we're here for Fleet
Week man oh nice I guess over here up in
California nice Oh Bobby's mom a nice is
it a nice for you guys don't lecture
together fucker
oh yeah it's awesome here's already with
over in California oh man my battery is
dead
Oh what I'm so much hotel like a ocean
in this hour all right it's so cool
she's so rude
I'll give you our girl mama right they
don't matter those ladies yeah why like
I don't know it's really rude I love
loving peace-loving man take her
sometimes you gotta make people say oh
you having a hug sign m'lady because he
was a so myself then I haven't given she
ran away and like I may see she played
her I messed up and I heard the guys
feeling you've seen his face he was hurt
that hurt me face it yeah that's myself
yeah that was so rude I saw my buddies
made all like oh yeah of course go the
kind tonight see you guys tonight what's
up by the thank you so much world only
my neighbor someone go thank you
how the two we're how to be a CEO
good or bad that's good it's good at my
job I have a little ice dam I feel like
that's gay where now he's all about
appreciate about thank you so much
this is
ah
ah
that was just crazy I was like the
loudest putting other what's up adieu me
gang so I am at the hotel right now
about to go to bed in a couple minutes
I'm trying to start this new segment
with you guys something cool something
dope and she's I'm about to go to bed
I'll nurse or something with like
bedtime stories with Adam I don't know I
decided to start it I wanted to start it
during Ramadan but I decided to give a
little story right now just so I can
test it out and see if you guys enjoy it
or not so imma give you guys a story can
be a funny story it can be a serious
story it can be a touching story it can
be a weird story any random crazy story
because I have some crazy stories that I
never share do you guys I said I share
some of them with you guys but I think I
want to share one today to see how you
guys would like it or not so this story
I was around 11 to 12 years old I was in
sixth grade going to seventh grade I was
in school in elementary school it was
the school where I've logged a vlog in
high school a lot of times I'm I don't
know if he got senior photos with you
know Mustang of that grass location next
Mouse well that school I went there from
pre-k to sixth grade and ever since 9/11
happened I was in that school and after
9/11 happened that's when like you know
that sama phobia all happened so I was
getting bullied because I was Muslim so
I went through so so much but this one
was one of the craziest stories I can't
believe this even actually happened now
that I think I can't believe people
actually did this to me and my family
which is pretty crazy so my mom came to
pick me up around three o'clock from
school she picked me up and she was
always worried about me I was like
eleven twelve man could go home alone
literally like I will literally live
really close so she was just worried
about me she would always pick me up so
she came to pick me up and I'm outside
waiting for my older brother my older
brother came out he was left back so
we're in the same class but in a
different different different class was
a couple classes we're so he's in a
different class so she picked me up
waited my older brother mold well they
came and there was a couple students
there who were really racist towards me
and my older brother really really
racist about some points they would like
pretend they're our friends just so to
mess with us and be my older brother
were desperate even if they would try to
come like give us a five you know be
cool with us we'll be cool
because we literally had no friends at
all like no friends so they came up to
me if I die my mom might give me a pound
so I'll get so excited my age what's up
man how you doing was good and then away
from all other come my brother came and
those 10 friends that I've had there
wait waiting like some kind of corner
staring at my map mom laughing at her
because she was wearing a hijab in by a
calling your ninja calling her so many
names I would always ignore it whenever
someone like says any racist thing mom
home walking home be my older brother
and my momma walking and then one of the
kids he runs behind my mom runs behind
he literally this kid is around the same
age he was the same age as me around 11
he pulls my mom's hijab off but luckily
like half of it came off he pulls my
mom's head jack off and runs away and at
that point I literally could have taken
on one but my but my mom was like
throwing about it's okay just let it go
so mom put her head job back on which is
so disrespectful we're continuing on
going home so I'm I was so angry I was
so like like all my anger was coming in
at once from dropped holy of them
bullying me so oh my anger was saying I
want so so mad so we're going home I'm
still going home and he ran back to his
friends and then they started following
us again so I following us I'm either
probably going on the same way as me but
all of a sudden my mom just literally
drops to the floor on her knees she was
like this walking me and my older
brother she comes in boom she just drops
like that on her knees and she goes like
this on her back she uh uh I literally
thought she got shot
older brother was grabbed my mom because
she was like ah my back my back then we
look back all the kids running away and
we saw like a huge was even a rock was
like a big brick that they threw on my
mom's back me my older brother looked at
each other and we couldn't we couldn't
take this shit no more we could have
taken him up they all ran away we went
back to school the next day my mom was
still so nice saying oh don't do nothing
is right when just translate what she
didn't want us to transfer schools she's
like don't worry another three months
stuff is cool you're gonna get you're
gonna go to another school if that
you'll be fine and me and my older
brother we kept it low-key were like
look we're gonna go back and I say we
don't
find out who did it and we're gonna sit
we're gonna settle this we're not gonna
be punks like this keep you in puns like
this we hated it'd be too nice wasn't
good they stepped on us
don't went back next day we went hard we
went up to literally all the kids like
yo who threw that rock like who to the
rock and the safe kid who pulled on the
job he's one who do the rock so after
school usually mom take a while to come
pick us up after school we'll wait
around this little air like er you're
playing basketball she'll be my older
brother I probably don't want to say
that me my older brother went to the kid
who and I suggest you guys not to do
something like this was me before I just
do a lot of crazy crazy stuff like back
in days I used to react in a negative
way in a violent way but this day like
someone does our act in a positive way
my brother literally took the same exact
brick the same exact quick little rock
that he had my mom with and he cracked
him right on his head the kid fell
straight down before I literally just
just swinging and beating him up letting
all my anger out all my freaking anger
up and when we just went straight home
left straight home the next day we got
back to school and me my brother was
suspended and that kid was also
suspended and it was just chaos
completely chaos those kids literally
wanted to kill me and my brother they
brought they brought kids the next day
after that about kids who were like
double our age like around the age of 20
we're trying to like beat us up and like
kill us but ever since then we were like
treated of like the principal like he
would literally take us home because our
life was in danger because we were
Muslim and a mom or a head job stuff
like that I was a really random story
Choji got I think I said it before I've
never stood on a livestream before but
that's just a bedtime story that I went
to church you guys and the lesson is
always react in a positive way because
the way we reacted was a negative way
and it just put our life more at risk
because or even scared to even go to
school the next we were scared to walk
to school because this is all spoken for
school after like we beat up the kid we
would literally walk like oh my god the
comment of the dumas
they bringing guns they're gonna shoot
us looking around in a scary scary
position and I wouldn't want any of you
guys to do that so whenever anyone is
racist towards you and
whenever anyone is violent towards you
you always react in a positive way and
that just shuts them up when you're back
in positive ways to remember stay
positive keep smiling and if you guys
want more bedtime stories with Adam give
it a thumbs up and I'll be starting to
get a number on I'll be giving you guys
craziest stories I'm sorry this is
serious
I'll be given some funny stories have
some funny funny crazy stories now I'm
gonna be wrapping up the lot here so
I'll see you guys tomorrow for the big
date
my biggest day of my life pretty much
like my wedding and it's gonna turn up
you guys gonna see a crazy Arab wedding
tomorrow I'll see you guys then take
care or pitch I like
