hey guys what's up it'll be Hank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
a super-duper amazing amazing day I know
I always say the word super and duper
but I don't know this is something I've
been saying ever since I was younger
super I've been saying it I don't know
today it should be a good good day
because the super Arab man has said it
yet the super Arab nanny is coming and
if you guys do not know what the super
nanny is this is a little sneak peek of
who the super nanny is basically she's a
nanny who fixes up kids who are really
bad and have bad behavior and don't act
right this is her hello my name is
Latifah but you can call me the super
Arab nanny and I'm gonna help my sweet
young lady who's having so much trouble
with this little girl named Reema I feel
so bad for your mother but now I am here
to be the hero of the day
so put Arab 90 aka the real Queen
Latifah aka my favorite color is blue so
that is her for all the new subscribers
who do not know because I remember I did
the super nanny last year and to the new
subscribers who don't know who she is
that's who she is she's a crazy ratchet
character and she's gonna be coming out
today if you guys haven't subscribed to
my black channel make sure you guys
subscribe I mean if you guys want to
come back every single day and be
notified first you can subscribe button
that I'll continue on with luck so for
this little mini skit that I'm doing in
this vlog I'm gonna have to take this
off because this can be so annoying
doing it with it on and literally I feel
like my hand is in more pain while I has
the Sun and I really hope like the
doctor doesn't mind I'm not the doctor
knows I have YouTube but doctor see this
she's gonna bug out on me because I
remember like I had a bad habit of like
taking this off and like playing
basketball and doing stupid stuff and
like I have to come out to the house one
do it again and she was telling me it
cost money to do this and you're taking
it offand do it but to be honest is
giving me more pain and I feel like my
hands is a little better I can move my
thumb like it's getting a little better
so hopefully it works and it's not a
cast by the way it's just a little like
band that's in there before I wanted to
get it I have cast but I had an option
when I went a couple days ago and an
option to have a cast or that little
band that I have right now and I chose a
little bit
caste it's annoying and it stunk alright
so I took it off this is what I got on
so this is my thumb it doesn't like that
bad here but when you see the difference
I look at this closely now look at my
other thumb look at it you see this
whole bone
I have bony thumbs so my other one has
literally no like no bone at all like
it's all swollen from around here and
it's really bad I'm not supposed to do
this but you know what screw it I got to
do it for this kit so adieu me gang I'm
here to welcome you from Adam solid-like
productions the world's most dangerous
most bad most baddest kid ever enjoy
I hate Marcin I know he's the best in
the world okay guy guy guy we need to
stop this I don't know what to do it cuz
he's my brother
if I want I'll beat him up Dicky anyone
I know he's your brother he has to get
beat up but yeah yeah she's right
the only thing that could that's your
sister you're damn right I don't know
what to do a good idea
wah let's get the super at a mini on him
yeah you wait who is a put respect on my
name okay
you
I want to cool items you can get the
Arab man can you come get the super Adam
Annie what's up do me gang so I just got
an important phone call from Joe Maddon
so I'm going to him right now and I
think he needed the super irani but I
don't know what's going on so I'm gonna
ask the homies what's up what's going on
what happened there's a kid who happened
is a kid that's hitting us around a buck
who names Martin what's his name what's
his name that's that so you're telling
me
a one-year-old is causing all the
destruction yeah and you guys can't
handle him yes so you're telling me he
needs the super Arab nanny a super nanny
you do it
I do be gay I don't know what to do
because if I do bring the superb nanny
it's gonna be issues so I don't know if
I should bring her or not you guys
really wanted ring here yeah for Munson
yeah it's gonna be a serious situation
if I do okay okay I'm gonna go bring her
I'll see you guys after okay
I don't want you to know I don't want
you to go to the suburb nanny look stop
stop
look at you kid I'm trying to give you a
chance
yeah I'm trying to I'm trying to give
you a chance I'm not those little kids
you mess with I'm not those little kids
you're messing with I'm trying to help
you out kid
I'm trying to be the one to help you up
cuz if I do bring if I do bring the
super Arab nanny
you touched my camera I said if you
touch my camera now I know why they're
complaining about I'm gonna bring the
super Arab nanny have fun have fun you
rap I hate you she's coming for you
she's gonna come for you goodbye she's
coming for you and she's gonna come the
worse as possible
oh it hit me for no reason Oh must
always pull my hair
Oh
one test my sister
hello I'm super dad up nanny give me a
handshake give me any chick okay so I
have to teach you how to give a
handshake put your hand out hand up so
damn if you don't give me so then I will
pick you up and throw you set up
of this dog I'm just joking I'm just
joking I'm joking I'm joking I'm joking
I'm joking I'm joking again again
give me some cities I'm joking with you
but I'm just joking
ah really nigga you want the suburb
nanny back you know what
how's our thing look have you was like
that ugly guys I think the super Arab
nanny has done her job and Austin will
never ever be bad again and I'm so so
happy that's so bad right Mira gimme a
kiss face nigga say watch what I do this
my handle he knows his item he knows
what this is
it's time do for now whenever he's bad
i'ma just pull this her job out he's
scared of her jobs so somebody won't
show this oh he did you oh okay okay
what's he cry what hey so I just fixed
up my hand and I'm here with muslin come
like some toffee jar go the next mean we
Tokyo problem sorry missed it up so
Peter Bonetti actually oh never mind
that spoke too soon that was the biggest
fail in a skit because I was gonna
continue it on and make a longer but
Marcin was so scared of like me me a job
and I don't blame him I was gonna make
it long get out and like I was gonna
make a so dope but I didn't want to
scare him so like that I'll make it too
long he wouldn't participate and if I
would continue on but I really hope you
guys did enjoy it shoutouts at home with
Jim and Rima Dena for their amazing
acting skills they are so so dope and
Nickelodeon if you're watching this or
anything Disney fellow Janice you guys
should hire Rima Jamel and Deena because
they'll make Disney Channel so so dope
so yeah yeah I shouldn't effing Utley do
that okay do me yeah it's time to wrap
up this rock I hope you all enjoyed this
vibe if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey thank you guys
so so much once again foil of his
support it truly means the world
you guys have seriously made me the
happiest I've ever been the past couple
days and I'm not saying that seriously
I've been so happy my family has been
making me so so happy tomorrow should be
another amazing egg and I'll see you
guys but take care of domain and peace
I like you I love you I love you
