someone hit me um Bullock you'll get it
mother someone broke my arm hey guys
what's up a new me yang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having a
SuperDuper amazing positive day filled
with smiles I just took a shower right
now and it was the most weirdest thing
ever because I have to take a shower
with like a plastic bag around my hand
but then I cut it so I take a shower
with one hand out of the curtain of the
shower so I ended up taking off my whole
all of this and taking a shower because
it was so annoying I wasn't supposed to
do that because it'll affect on my
healing my healing should take around a
week but she said if I take the doctors
if I take it off it'll be longer it's
just awkward taking a shower with like
this thing are like what the heck the
crazy thing is my dad has even seen this
he has even heard about it because he
barely watches the vlogs but I'm gonna
show him and I'm at um I got beat up
somebody that's who see what he says if
you say no one more time yeah what's
better that much pressure dome again say
what the heck did you just say Rima you
know what mean you're gonna do mean
you're gonna tell Mawson no okay okay
ready set go no no no no no no no oh
never mind he likes it is a favorite
word oh my gosh what's wrong with you
this dude is crazy how to bully me yeah
you know having you know dolphin when I
was swimming the Dolphins bit my thumb
why because they said I don't like you
Adam and you honor
yeah but then it bit me Remo and it
didn't base them why you wanted to buy
some yeah so why are you asking not you
either so this what happened the dolphin
was staring at me at the dolphin what he
what
which means in dolphin language that I
don't like you so dolphin hated Mihrimah
okay I love you
oh you so pleased that sweet Jesus I'm
gonna take you to the Dolphins and hang
out okay I'm joking I'm dolphin is good
doing dolphin is nice he kissed me
it hugged me I played with me I was
joking this is nothing I felt I was
doing something stupid that's why
Berg was I'm voice I'm show me I'm I'm
we're Sam let's go Sam yes 'muslim your
name is must not even he knows I'm
probably recording this nice hey Mase is
ignoring level stop
Mace's ignoring level is like a thousand
one hundred to fix app how do you want
to fix happen I'm cool like this yeah so
I'm not cool down the way yeah so I was
lame when it was all the way I don't
know why I'm winning my time having a
best friend I'm a Yankees fan so it's
been not even six hours and mauston
already broke the freaking baskerville
call that I gave him by the way this
thing right here is from Austin not to
enter because he's so bad I'm telling
you spat hey everybody's out a belly
nothing everyone get it hey what the
heck what the heck is that
who taught you how to belly dancing I
told you well yeah by the way you do me
Hank I have another surprise coming real
soon and this is just a little hint that
you guys already seen this is not the
official logo Ravin I like it why you
lying to me
I had to fillet kit you like everything
that I have on leave me so sweet she's a
real rotted dad do me
knuckle-touch out oh wow oh this is just
the first draft of it this is it the
real logo anything isn't the real design
this is just the first draft this is
something that no one will ever have
only I have one and I believe nas has a
black one so if you guys want me to do
giveaway on this let me know in the
comments
if I should doing mean we were gonna go
outside we're gonna take a little walk
you're good by you know umbrella
umbrella yeah okay a little thing and as
you guys know the app that I've been
working on and the clothing line
everything is something that like I want
it to be something unique or something
really really dope that's something that
I'll have like that I want in me
something creative I don't want that
being something like about me and like
something like my like my voice coming
out in an app because I feel like those
they get like corny after a while this
app that's coming out it should be a
dope something unique something
different something cool something to
bring the family together something fun
so I'm so so excited for the clothing
line
I got notice I've never really sold like
any merchandise that's like that sounds
like Adam or a do me oh sorry I'm
looking to release like an official real
clothing line not someone else's
clothing line out to mind like a real
collab that has like my logo and
everything so everything is gonna be
super limited and like only a little bit
of them are gonna be like sold because I
wanted to keep it exclusive and stuff
like that so I really hope and I'm it
goes well and I'm so excited to share it
with you guys
in the future so I'm still working on
the app and the clothing line I'm just
giving you guys little hints so I can
take you guys on his journey with me so
I'm gonna head I read my ready let's go
hurry up let's go oh my god you girls
take so long keep a perfume on yourself
we're just going out to take a walk when
I go out - no he's not
Wow she sounds really good actually
really really good
are they muscles ready to go out with us
you guys this you ready
yeah let's go come on anyone is go I
just wanna say thank you guys so so much
for all your love and support in like a
couple hours you guys already gave it
ten thousand thumbs up and a hundred
thousand views thank you guys so so much
and who texted me you said find a fuse
in class how about you go through the
trail I should do so I was younger when
I was like in second third grade and I
just go to like a retreat what
you want a vlogs Ramos I'd be so sweet
you so sweet that sometimes I want to
beat you up okay you know what
here you go you can vlog okay you're
gonna take over everyone's gonna take
over the vlog for the next minute first
off I to fight it
- fight in the final I understand me I'm
outside booth with adding I'm just
hanging out did you guys miss me because
I miss you damn again I didn't get a
buddy empanada cuz my elbow I broke
landed I would get to the chemist - Adam
a year ago I was like 30 seconds of
vlogging the camera is heavy so I don't
blame you Rima Bri was gonna be a dope
doe vlogger in the future you gonna be a
really good black anyhow
she's gonna be good really good like she
said thank you for being sweet give me
another i'ma buy you ten umbrellas no
I'm not she's really gonna believe that
and tell me let me buy her ten herbalism
gonna hit my hand does it hurt oh man
recipes
sad face um silly face I don't know so
me and Rima right now on a pizza date
and you see a couple we see a couple of
these this way and they're so shy to
come up to me Rima so we're gonna
Surprise them
rimas gonna go give them a big big hug
you see someone do me what are you gonna
go do you gonna go you know hard yeah
like a go go be with me what's your name
huh Kelly oh you watch the vlogs thank
you so much you guys so sweet
why got so shine Oh Reavers Oh sweetie
those of you that's that's how you do I
know something you guys so shy like you
guys are afraid to like you guys are
afraid to think that you're bothering me
but you guys aren't whatever you guys
are like whenever you see me always
comforting was he hot what he was it was
a criticism it says we were made the day
wasn't even me we know I made the day
she went when upset I'm hung up there
like committee so shocked we're so cute
so shut up see you ladies mean remark so
so hungry so we're going on a pizza
dates of us at
so use it take a picture while ARIMA
takes the best pics ready
never mind I think it was photo I took a
better photo
you liked it I'm taking on so I'm sit
this is what I'm saying by she's a girly
my god
already
he starts at under snapshot Ready Set
take dinner with cream that good if you
like this one can I post it on snapchat
thank you finally she so he was the type
of girl that she doesn't like going into
her fancy stuff I always want to take
her to France in spots but she's happy
girl that she still be happy even my
taken to pizza and like regular like you
know og stopping all time
you don't have to press one take it take
it slow
she just stole my drink she ordered
Pepsi in order for lunch and then she
tasted my full punch and I she wants my
full of shit I hate you will do that we
can share let us dig every good shit
talking about a woman like an old person
I say
did you like your pizza yes ready to go
see you Hamza Tyler your hunters friend
I don't know as you just said okay here
we go from Cuba good we haven't seen
them in so long
well I haven't seen him for so long so
let me go surprise
I think he knows I'm kind I say open it
oh hey what's up um I don't know he was
there he was cool he saw it up what's he
wear glasses
yeah oh there are so many basketballs I
want to play basketball now football
that's all what's on your basketball who
I'm Safi Thomas Johnson who's that a
president no it was a basketball player
work with what team was young I don't
know it's passion are you gonna watch
the Warriors events no faces yeah we
going for warriors yeah I'm go for the
Warriors - ah uh who you going for Steph
Curry or Kevin during hot oh yes baby
I'm happy for you and I know why
Michelle he lost weight my homie started
you lost some weight though huh I'm
going to wire are you going for the
Warriors what do use the word is you
don't know what oh wait one two all
right I need try to get ten wait what
one two three oh you're distracting
Ready Set 105 what I'm gonna stick to
basketball
all right look I usual please do you
guys do median spending case you you
bought it I did someone up send it to
you someone gives me let me see it
general cool
Ready Set ready go what the hell is
doing this a long sortin oh never mind
you never told me have all these games
what do you what are you doing how'd you
get my phone
CI user down you're not what the hell
you got on this callback
musically don't old me I don't use it a
reason no you're using it so silenced
birth musically how's that why are you
making it how do you do it oh did I make
music please look good
what's that heck is he doing I didn't
use music oh oh that was our honor you
better be following that was the only
music how's it go back to yours
I'm going back to house music I'm
roastin this is so far as the what about
the row seat first of all you were my
Brooklyn shirt shut up second of all
you're saying axis we have as govern
who's the ax no this is song and you're
saying the B word well my Rose Alice and
washer us at the gas station you guys
know whose music is nose lemon fanpages
I never don't have fan pages and
musically I'm the real Adam style I my
nephew made me get it that's not me I
wouldn't make I like I wouldn't ever
make it a bio like that Asami my one I
don't even know but I probably got like
two followers I'ma be on this file oh
you got 53 I got nothing well so I had
to follow you just gave me 53 hamsters
giving me followers I'm about to do my
first official musically like my own
official media which is will give me
work how does it actually make me do it
me anywhere that's how you secret thank
you mommy he hasn't seen yet
I beg I'll tell you look someone hit me
um who look you killed mother someone
broke my arm someone beat me up and like
broke my arm
he's outside he said to call my dad he
said to call you to Anaheim
huh even huh yeah this is instead of go
fight him I'm ready you ready yeah yeah
yeah I'm gonna be eight
they said I want you to go fight them
not me I'm ready I go outside hear it
now they said the Beeman
I'm ready outside they got weapons they
got knives and tomatoes Oh what about I
got a knife - they got Tomatoes and guns
and everyone worried about going to a I
have a woman what do you have nobody
left what's the weapon I had the worst
okay I thought the others are good but
you know the wizard I will kill him no
but that is crazy
oh they did my dad goes hard goes great
I love you I just saw my dad that I love
him and he's like thank you thank you Oh
what are you still doing up huh it's
like 10 o'clock estilo what's wrong as
you go to sleep go to sleep it's 10 p.m.
and you still freaking awake you had
issues man yeah oh my god this kids
forever guys hang on I get up your
kicked at my room get out bye no no no
no no you always want to stay in my room
say sorry
say sorry say sorry
Mawson hey he just hit him so
me me me Michael just give it to me
again kiss gimme kiss he's being nice
now finally I am here with the one and
only my oldest a few used to say what up
there that is getting big but we need a
haircut so you guys definitely seen
every single my nephews and nieces in
this vlog my whole ratchet Adams found
but you guys didn't see well y'all seen
Dean yesterday but you guys haven't seen
Jamel and say F so you guys might see
them tomorrow we'll see how it goes
and mean use if we're thinking about
going to like a nice event in our last
time or like the Justin Bieber and the
Nicki Minaj like event we've logged in
there so you guys let us know where
should we go next and we chill like any
concert any event use a few lettuce we
look one up right now where does anyway
you hold my phone God he's a present
Pressey cup right there cuz he always
got the coolest hookups and you click on
their New York City type in Eminem I
know I seen Eminem and I was like is my
favorite I was dope boy he's like I
doubt he's doing anything is he
I said no events found for mmm right
there no offense I mean I mean I'm
doesn't perform but like I don't have a
poor sale I who's next
give me another drink Drake Oh Drake got
40 events and so the next Drake one in
New York City is August 4 right then
August 4 so we out
yeah August 4 should be out we'll get it
with the hook up with see geek and we're
gonna bring you guys with us August 4 to
the Drake shows all right do me gang get
it's time to wrap up this flag I hope
you all all right do me yeah it's time
to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoy this vibe if you did make sure you
a thumbs up and go turkey
thank you all for your love and support
or truly means the world sir see you
guys always keep you positive always
keep me happy and today was assisted
they filled with happiness so thank you
guys so much for bottom I freaking large
intestine my small intestine do me Aang
it has been an amazing crazy journey I
know a lot of you guys I've been on the
journey for so so long but last month
has been a crazy journey one from LA to
freaking to Amsterdam Rotterdam
many Las Vegas Mexico have you been home
but now I'm gonna be home until after
Ramadan so I'm so so excited for it
online because I love it online blogs it
so dope I'm gonna be home and I'm about
the whole time and Mena dooming I'm
already close but we're gonna be even
closer during them but I'm gonna do
crazy events crazy
well events at home like you like live
streams and like like long long live
streams competitions just we're gonna
get closer we're gonna be chilling we're
gonna have a lot of fun so I hope you
guys are excited as I am and I'll keep
it all updated with all the news on the
clothing line and the app and everything
other than that I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another daily blog take
care or pitch I like I'm here for you
always in seven I'm sure that boosted
then here I pay my way okay this would
choose to say
you
