hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing it because I'm
having an amazing day so fine having an
amazing egg you all should be having an
amazing amazing day with positivity and
smiles all around you today's gonna be a
fun crazy day I'm heading to the airport
right now to pick up someone and it is
gonna be a little surprise and I'll see
you guys after the shot because I'm
running late and I'm always running late
when I'm vlogging and doing the intros
I'll see you guys at the next shot I
can't replace them but baby I found it
baby
every day for the rest of my life to be
I can't replacing a baby I'll try to
prove
but the outfit of the day today is a
denim hat gray shirt and denim jeans the
black boots you know great and denim
telling you this now trust me gray denim
goes crazy together that's what I that's
my opinion but I'm heading to JFK
Airport on the wrong foot
I'm gonna wrong way on this way because
someone is arriving all the way from
London UK this is the JFK rivals like
you're like in one these taxi drivers
holds up the signs names already ready
to go I just get a sign as the motor
taking slow mom doesn't know why UK
people come to America
you guys are considered immigrants no
joking but uh customs probably I'm not
customs always a trouble a lot a lot of
people here in here I'm here with the
home read our that was there was our
first time was already people it was
like how does it what's up
yes what's up now here with the homie
Holly got a beet salad from Egypt mama
home thank you
he's gonna be out driving didn't take us
at hotel when as it must
and stop myself here oh this family
always watched like so huge shout-outs
I'm not gonna hit out of a little
political no please I disagree this
biscuit our victory it was up what was
sitting for what's in here my arm my eye
shadow to shadow to my heart and well in
Jabara
and Zipporah in zero Dana and zero Dana
billion for that but that is here Erica
my hamsa Ekka my to say era he that is
the cooler come obviously yeah this is
oh sweet idea so you guys the coolest
family mashallah the best mother cool
how you get Rima tomorrow we can doing
okay hi I'm Emma we got done okay I'm
gonna go pick up Naz and musty they
coming to and then he's gonna take us so
huge at after homey kind of an eejit
mommy was that is so so sweetest it took
it always his car let me hold up let me
drop my bag off and then he's waiting
for us here I'm gonna go out and get
nice and musky that I'm gonna go on and
he takes all the way to the hotel
stepmuddy why what is good what's up
guys oh yeah so I just thought of
recording you guys just can't recognize
what is that they came right on time
well my UK opens what is uh they're from
London from the immigrants film children
loves that I got to know not literally
like now is here like three days ago but
I'm like a local now how's your flight
though we were heading to the hotel the
homie solitude up
so funny
what do you guys think of that what's
our vision what's the difference between
that and when you go like that any truck
driver huh
I know this bus almost hit us but you
know right
imagine this guy run skipper's don't
excuse my homie Kali anger left skipper
I'm skip a song I am so so hungry I
nothing all day nothing so you know what
we're going to LA guys hello guys twin
ship harem guys hello
a bunch of head on guys going hello guys
so we are finally checked in the hotel
I'm actually going to be having a little
mini vacation in NYC I'm saying I live
in New York City and I'm saying New York
City here for two days but I'll keep you
guys updated and what we're doing and
what's the reason why nas and Musti and
everyone came here there's something so
exciting so I'll keep you guys updated
right now slim it'll Kosmas downstairs
so I'm gonna go get them and a lot now
them see you in a few minutes have some
it will cost around our downstairs we
just got here but I call them like yo
man we waiting for like an hour
we waiting for five minutes with that
you guys took so long but we actually
got we just got here and they just got
here too and this this they feel so
guilty right now I feel so bad but I'm
gonna go to them they do the same thing
to me but they always make me feel
guilty when I come late so now I'm gonna
pretend that they came extra late and
we're gonna see how come I put on a
jacket because it is super cold right
now is getting more chilly
ask you what lights your phone on was
just you guys a man long rope you should
look okay yes it is a mala blue but what
you like was so gonna train relax
- later you mines you say boy I mean
like is rhythm that guy's dog smells
like a few guys when I know must you got
five enormously from the never ever ever
child video babe so he's the one has
been working nine about nineteen months
nine to ten months on the special
surprises coming real soon
we can't tell you much which is it we're
so so excited I want to give them a
little more information but not much but
you guys have been amazing thank you
guys for this is always a little bit
more information
okay I told me I've told some guys input
of this but it's about you guys that's
them for those of everyone with an
interest everyone with the Tanner
be one with obsession anyone there get
involved does anyone
it's not about this guy now is that but
I know you'd love it to be just imagine
that that's a bad ball of you it's about
do me guy everyone else and hopefully it
goes great it's something so amazing and
can we say that what we're doing here
don't make something for now will you
just said it so we are guys this oh my
gosh what
Oh master I think we spend so much on
advertising we tell them to do one thing
and the investor hype rockman you guys
handle like the app is gonna be called
you hype so the homie mas he told them
to write you hide but they wrote they
wrote a hope limit
damn man is any way we can push the home
so hey
Oh tell you about Chinna someone watch
and feel it okay for a double check that
was a kid it was a girl's color the
other night the wristlet yeah laughs and
if you live yeah that's might as well
let mama sugar huh guys this is mine is
mine who my mixes okay let's mix let's
kill him earlier on
welcome to the 6,000 ha ha no Englishman
he's ranked horny yeah the one with the
chilli sauce chicken yeah I mean the guy
I mess around with NASA and he spoke to
him in Arabic now so confused i what the
hell you say is okay Chuck
it's very good you do that every time
you should get White House over plug for
the hello guys it is oh I got mines here
and YC this is New York City for you let
me see you back my first New York
mistake
are you leaving back on his word at the
hip you don't see so you guys a
particular to New York City for social
law so right now we are at Town Square
and why I see the joy the viewer
what's up let's say where you guys from
where you guys from Italy nice a lot of
Italian people they're nice boy me lon
all right Rome oh nice nice enjoy time
in New York
absolutely excuse me ladies and
gentlemen I'm here to propose my
boyfriend and I want all your attention
sweet we can say yes you guys can
encourage them or anything okay thank
you guys so much
first of all I would like to say that
the day I met you was over here and it
was the most beautiful time of year
I'm snowing it was Christmas I loved all
the times every single moment with you
is memorable even the times when we were
in bed
you know NASA now
now
that was the most awkward thing ever so
I proposed I was opposed to nos and the
slim were supposed to come in and say
like hey what are you doing but he got
so embarrassed he just grabbed nos and
ran away and I was left in an awkward
situation like it was loop school soon
he left me the awkward situation so we
were watching the rapper's game grab his
wrist calves but causes slimmer going
for calves mean as a goal for Toronto
Raptors gopher Raptors well I like the
worry I'm going for the Raptors because
I don't know I don't anything with
bronze to go help I'm going the opposite
of him Superman
right there right there oh sure whether
lilies right there oh stop hi clearly we
see you LeBron you flop
you're a flood he's a flop oh there was
a fight Oh fight come on but thought
about is the part he's a punk that is so
crazy seeing Superman the Queen that's
run she says it like the queen of
Toronto and Drake is there like the king
of trying because they represent Iran oh
so so much I'll represent and want to
see just like that but I feel like I
don't know Toronto has more pride than
York City but it is what it is I'm an
Aussie boy so it is what it than that
I'd be wrapping up the vlog here
I'll keep you guys updated with what's
going on on the app and everything
tomorrow so hopefully you guys stay
tuned hope you all enjoyed this vlog if
you did make sure you add a thumbs up
and go Turkey to every single one you
guys made it ends lawyer who's watching
this right now make sure you get a
thumbs up and go turkey obviously how
many of you actually we're to the end
thank you guys so much you guys are
truly rotten guy doom easy we didn't
make it today I'm headed to sleep now
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care or
base
hello
be so lonely
you wanna be obey me
