huzzah huzzah huh is it a shirt open
normal what you don't begin soon was it
maybe I got you
I got here the other
hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day
you all should be having a super-duper
amazing happy positive day because
literally just I know about it but slim
didn't and I kept the low key and wanted
to surprise him so we just surprised
slim he came all the way back from New
York and hamdullah his mother is
completely fine and thank you so much
to Aeromexico for hooking up with cast
and bringing them out here even for here
for another day or two so where are they
I didn't know what they are our driver
is here Xavier look have you heard
what's that man I do lo siento sorry we
only got like that with the key Wow we
just came to my god first I can say I'm
a hundred last mother so well I mean so
I want a thank you for taking everything
that you guys don't let me say these
guys are texting every single day okay
thank you so much this what I started
the Teen Choice choice youtuber so he's
when I started he's the one I saw I saw
you chatter this is so much thank you
guys yes here's what together this place
is called she's got a dick she got it
got it
whether you're jus gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want for me
I can't replace them a baby upgrade it
be so one hour of driving all the way
here to scut it and I don't know what to
expect to be honest there's a lot of
people recommended it to us so we're
gonna go and explore and see what goes
on here so as you watch this is
something I've always wanted to do fish
don't feel I get you like that's
something I've always wanted to do it's
something like um like a pedicure but
with fish inside like your feet and
other like that so I don't know I'm kind
of worried I'm scared
anyway what happens in hangouts let me
show you your look look what you have in
your hand you see nothing swim oh my god
no this man see thing looks like about
to answer jungle so don't so we're in
this mini jungle on our way to do the
fish therapy for your feet
I'm unless you guys are feels I'm so so
scared I'm worried if like it bites me
hard because Oh what the heck absolutely
can you say go can you say go Turkey
what the hell is doing is putting on
deodorant
Yoho so it looks like slim stretching
look you're like slim doing a vegan
dance I'll make fun of me where it looks
like you have some so you took a seat I
was like a families event oh yeah she's
bad I'm again number all right guys I'm
wet and the reason why I am wet cousin
at this guy right here he told me
wearing like this little clip right a
little bigger cuff and I don't think you
were last even jumping there unless you
got like tubes whatever
so who's like Adam you won't do it for
the vlog and I'm like Flynn don't say
that he's like Adam you won't do it for
the fly and what cost like y'all chill
man I don't do it at you crazy don't do
it I'm like you know what I'm gonna do
it for black so I jumped in all the way
with jeans on literally I almost got in
trouble but I didn't out some vlog you
guys can see a sand fly these guys are
getting the fish therapy right here
Wow it does hurt look at the glass says
no desert feels good how does it feel
tickle tickle you Wow why would you do
is let me tickle your toes joy so
waiting I lied to get our fish pedicure
they're telling us that I sold out but
we're trying to talk it out with them
hopefully we're going have you the last
feet was only like 4 o'clock so I don't
know why they seemed sold out so
hopefully we're getting cuz that's
something I've always wanted to do I
want to show you guys I want to take you
guys with me on is fish pedicure 114-c
so yeah if then please see Dixie let us
see the fishies so we have to write all
three of our names here before we go we
got slim one Carlos and one huh so we
had to sign our name because just in
case you fall into the fish tank with
the fish is Iraq it's your
responsibility and that's something slim
would do like you by accident going like
into the fish fishing with adalah I was
walking to school with the vision right
see you're gonna say right so you'll see
I know so I know slim would more than
slim know slim I don't I don't know for
Adams old Adam you should tell people
each have a seat on the bench
thank you this is crazy oh and I'm
scared room
yo amigo I mean it's not gonna buy me
some Olaf scare away my skin at this
skydiving I did everything I jumped over
in pools but I'm scared for my leg in
this nothing I love scallops whatever
oh I love smiles on one of my shits
ah oh yeah you're the AC outlet that's
always on me
whoo hey we're getting up fish oh yeah
they love the slimmy feet you know you
know why cuz you got a stanky be huh
your citizens our minds are barely
coming over you know what
what cuz you got this thing no there
give me a klappa cos I'm done I gotta
take my leg up oh yeah one of them
zombie Oh
done Wow put my hands another Wow
they're gonna eat my hand don't know
they know the difference between hand
and feet my feet feel extra soft that's
me yeah that's wild man yes I try to
look for this in York once our they told
me is illegal oh my god illegal what the
heck wow I was guessing Fabio fish is
like I don't know it was good with nice
Shanna throw me a line from Cancun
Mexico
come on look him you think what I'm
thinking right I did it feel like I
jumped over this thing and you guys do
from a license do for the vlogs are you
are you always have sax limits of what
if you do this hash dice em is a lion do
a furtive lie do it do for us to head of
life doing anything luck do fertilizer
but do people I do it do for Josh it you
ain't gonna do with life we're gonna do
it everyone out there is gonna call you
would forever be forever call to us cuz
you know saying hey come on do I have it
I'll give you something else different I
will see different tale okay alright
I'll just walk through this whole thing
right there
why walk through there to the middle
let's go some although I stick all the
way down there all those losers are in
there keep going
so just to be honest I giving you that
that's not doing it for the vlog they
did it boo boo Nana
hashtag Slim is awesome I want you to do
the same thing in my vlog I did in your
blog you can't jump in this one
oh damn summer wish how awesome let them
see it free sort of slow motion over
some sad music guys but hashtag Slim is
Oh looky looky no he's not I know he's
that know he's that he's my Jupiter
bloody he's about to do for the vlog do
it do for them look here it is they're
looking at you what you guys do jumping
over me
I suppose it doesn't on my pilot yo how
many funny stuff so we gotta get okay it
does at least eggs out right now I'm a
happy slim is a legend if you do is a
slim is a legend no oh somebody get
kicked out oh no you get what does this
well it's live oh yeah I lose the voice
what you told me nothing like why would
you ask him what you know why are you
supposed to do what he do it
oh you're such a wuss everything shit
now
so my summer look it looks like Bart
Simpson
if son doesn't always give me roasted
forever
hi Oh got to do it right
some you good you sure oh yeah yeah slow
you right away
slim did it fit of line a little bit of
like they did it for the flat little bit
of like they did a bit of luck Oh eighty
thousand thumbs oh hey guys I'm still
trying to fix my camera there's what I
was going to do for the vlog like you
said your camera is what basically my
camera I was like has a stabilizer
inside and it moves around now when I
move it like shit like what even when I
move a little bit I'm not even moving
that much just doing my scene if I move
a little bit goes like that yes II have
to move a little I can slow motion like
and it's still moving I'm oh my god
dammit I gotta get a new camera but is
up a dummy gang I just got back to the
apartment here in Mexico and this really
dumb issue just happened while we were
and wasallam was doing it for the vlog
so there's what happened right before he
jumped this one of the security guys he
came and try to close my camera because
he was getting angry that he was jumping
in stuff like that so when he try to
close my camera my camera completely
like close and like I felt alone he
wasn't trying to like smack me off like
he's trying to close it in a nice way
but then I moved back from a whole
camera fell and it was working a little
bit earlier but then after a while just
completely like messed up like my camera
is completely broken right now 100%
broken I could have like anything after
and when the guy stopped my camera my
bad thumb was inside like the camera
like that so I kind of really hurt my
thumb or my head I don't even know how
my head is so so bad and this is my
bathroom I broke this thumb four times
before in my life and the other time
when I was in Scandinavia tour when I
jumped over that girl I heard it there
too so was really sensitive and now it
is completely swollen and it is killing
me everyone is telling me to go to the
doctor so like that I spoke with some
people like the over there the first aid
there when I asked nothing just put ice
on it
but they seriously do not know how it
feels is literally kills me so once I'm
back in New York City I'm gonna go get
it checked which is tomorrow or after
tomorrow and I got a feel like I let you
guys down like everything happened so
fast and I'm so mad I do not know how
I'm gonna get a new camera probably new
vikas camera he's charging it right now
so I may be in use his for tomorrow's
vlog but other than that I'm so sorry my
camera is completely broke my hand feels
broken too so I'll see you guys tomorrow
do me a take a mucho thank you guys so
much for everything I love you guys
always in fact I'm sure that those tears
then he went away okay that's what you
say
