what's up adieu minggaang so it is time
I am gonna be revealing or saying one of
my poems that I've never ever released
I've been writing poems I've been
writing I don't know what you guys
become poems raps spoken word whatever
you guys want to call it every like
almost every other day at night or on
the airplane and we never have free time
I love to write down and like write
poems or raps or about any topic I have
a lot of topics about peace life
happiness have a lot of funny ones have
a lot of religious words have a lot of
meaningful ones have a lot of just weird
ones a lot so and I never really never
ever released any of these like I've
never even tell my family but I've read
one of it to one of my oldest nieces and
she told me so you have to say it like
in the vlog and I was like no I don't
know and I asked you guys on Twitter and
all you guys are saying yes and I don't
know because I feel like they're just
corny because I'm just just like I doing
my whatever time I don't feel like
they're like really good I wanted to
wait and like perform it when I'm
onstage and say it when I miss age and
memorize it because I do not have it
memorized or to make it it's like a cool
video and like a cool kind of like a
poem type video but I decided to go in a
nice peaceful area because a setting is
a good the location of a place where you
say your poem or whatever is really
important it reflects on what you say in
everything knows this is a peaceful area
trees rocks and like a horse party but
there's a dog barking and stuff I am
gonna say and I really hope you guys
enjoy it I'm I read it to you guys off
my phone because I have no choice it's
really long I just finished it
I have literally a lot all over my notes
but this one is one of my favorite I
just finished a couple days ago and it's
something it's kind of religious it's
kind of something like for everyone to
be out there so I suggest everyone who's
here right now to listen to the words
carefully because this is like this
every wording it comes from my heart it
comes from me and no Google no copyright
no nothing this is all for me this is
from Adam salad for my mind I never
feel this stuff this is why I barely
tweet because I'm too busy writing notes
and just saying you know what I feel and
how I feel so this one's for you guys to
do me gang and this one's for everyone
who's watching so I hope you guys enjoy
it hope you share with your friends if
you like it because this is something
I'm scared of I mean if I'm sharing it
with you guys I wouldn't want I would
want you asked to share it with all your
friends and family this one is called
backwards path backwards paths are
called the backwards path because I feel
like we're going in the backwards path
in this life so hope you guys enjoy it
I'm ready and if I make any mistakes I'm
sorry this one is just for you guys oh
and I lost my voice because I was at the
boxing fight yesterday so if I sound
weird if I sound rasping it's because in
a boxing fight so I'm gonna say it
our decisions take us forward to
unexpected places it is our duty to
figure out which path is the most
righteous and safest Aslam is all about
bringing peace yet today all around us
the Muslim world is filled with mischief
our leaders cheat instead of lead and
our people deceive and lead a life of
greed children grow up and follow the
footsteps of elders but lately that path
isn't that good of a dweller because of
all this hate we aren't united which is
why other rulers rushed to conquer and
keep us more divided what do you think
Muhammad peace be upon him would say it
wouldn't be I'm proud of you all today
think of the sadness that would reach
his eyes think of the nights he spent
praying for our lives the media says
something we rush to abide yet we ignore
the rules of Allah he told us since
Abraham's time why do we speak but we
never obeyed why do we always look the
other way if we keep this up Islam will
surely fade Allah makes us pray five
times a day not out of spite but so we
can remain true to our faith in the
Quran it clearly states that those who
ignore Allah's way their hearts are
sealed so that they cannot feel
contained so they live their life
misguided and unashamed always trying to
gain more from life's ugly game why
can't we see that this life is but a
test we should spend it trying to do
nothing but the best and please allow
with every aspect the true meaning of
life is disappearing like our humanity
we must try and restore it before we
disintegrate and leave we're becoming
less civilized people and more like the
savage beings that were here before the
prophets time instead of going forward
we're falling prey to Shaitaan evil ways
following him in his dirty games we
forgot to use the ones who think that
we've gained the blessing of our
beautiful brains that Allah subhana wa
ta'ala so kindly gave if we always
remember the one who created and will
never be lost in this world that's
quickly fading if we just remember Allah
then we'll be fine
our life will be seeking in perfect
rhyme we'll be safe from evil and it's
doing we'll unite together and stop the
injustice from continuing we'll be able
to live and true happiness and thank
Allah for guiding us to all of this and
what will those who disbelieve say on
the last day if only I listened and
follow the right way oh Allah please
forgive me for my wrong ways so
and to me as I say give victory to one
for this life is nothing better than
illusion and only by believing a line
uniting together will be shine our
brightest through this bad weather and
that is one of my poems one of my raps
and I don't know whatever you guys can
call it and I'm so sorry this is like I
just finished it is pretty new to me I
need to get used to and like memorize it
and you guys let me know like give this
vlog a thumbs up it's all up to you guys
give this five times up if you guys want
me to give you guys another one or to
put this into like its own video and
like with cut production and you know
let it out there you guys let me know do
me gang and yeah I'm so kind of Bears
cuz I do feel like it's corny because I
don't know people who was acting really
what are you doing is that your diary oh
my god like but it's okay this is one of
my hobbies that you guys not much you
guys knowing that much not much that I
say of it so I really hope you guys do
enjoy
you
