what's up we do me egg this is Adam sila
hope you guys have an amazing day
because I'm having I'm not so amazing so
if I'm having a not so amazing day you
all should be having an amazing happy
day it is currently raining and so cold
here in a big man I came here to get
warm weather and the battle like I have
it's raining man this is such bad luck
but you guys want to make me feel better
make sure you guys subscribe because I
upload every single day some ratchet
ratchet videos so if you want to say
updating make sure you guys subscribe
because it's gonna get crazier even
though the Battle of always wants to be
the camera takes them back you keep the
cameras about to get messed up oh my god
so what we're gonna start off today by
getting work out and playing basketball
after Oracle I believe it's in Oakland
so I'm so so excited I see you guys in
the next shots getting cold I love my
bed and my mom we're going to a place to
play basketball I think it's closer to
the city I think it's in Oakland Oakland
and I've never ridden a there but let's
check it out I'm down I'm down I'm down
let's do it man let's do it I don't even
have basketball sneakers so I'm gonna
play with Easy's and the crazy thing is
the last time I tried to do something
crazy we easy I'm kind of held onto that
girl how my show had Easy's on yeah I
fell on this when I fell on the fan on
the stage and
it took me one day to lose my voice with
these guys arguing bumpy here in New
York
it do me gang we just had a crazy
three-hour workout I couldn't go inside
and blog there's like a private company
but this is the building rooms that it's
already dark he's a private building
yeah but you don't know the name of the
building it was a crazy crazy workout
man it's all good we're gonna go get
food I know you guys ready I'm ready
let's do it I'm starving kind of
coordinate what kind of car I'm turbo
cars what kind of car is that I'm
horrible accordion that's uh oh that's
it let's like Corvette no
wife's going
man - like let's go I just got done
eating guys right Afghan what's wrong
there's like no like no Afghan white
people ball fed take you no no I did do
me gag we just got home from Ian Afghan
food right now we were with slim so I
was doing a reaction video he is
reacting to his little brother lowham
have that right he's his first ever
district first ever did y'all watch this
was his first every diss track and we
all watched it how it was so good a
legit thing he can be a rapper a little
hand bro I'm gonna show you guys a
little preview show just a little bit
you gotta see the whole reaction on
video assets channel this
it was crazy bro session I got a phone
call today and it was from my nephew
Hamza and snipe it's not good news was
not good huh what'd he say yo he was
kind of shy say what he said what he was
thought of shots I have there man I'm
not gonna say anything yeah I'm gonna
but and and and and how does it deal
with it but my really say what he said
I'll tell you it was a text - I'll show
you the text - so soon a show so don't
maybe a week or two weeks I'm not ready
don't ever take the shot a little
hamburger
don't tell them that well that's over I
told him Bahamas that he just takes off
his shirt and does whatever he wants my
dear do me gag the reason why slim and
he has been away from me because oh yeah
why you always taking away more than I
know I'm missing so much I feel like I
haven't seen him all day today like I'm
start getting like anxiety itself
seriously man I'm here with Sofia his
sons how you guys doing I'm good what'd
you guys do today a lot okay she's fine
split never eat seafood what the helping
me healthy oh wow novices yeah ma I want
to show you a video so I'm two years ago
we came to the bay and before life
before we even met Sophia there was a
video that we had it was like a best
friend challenge I don't know if you've
ever seen it before or not we mention
your name we have to name a crush we
mentioned Michelle right now it's kind
of cute I'm gonna show you how like how
often he's always talked about you so
the video is here I'm gonna show you
guys right now I don't know if you guys
seen it was on its on Slim's channel
right yeah it's not solution all right I
don't think it's really really cute I
just had to silver hair this time yeah
blonde hair what do you think when you
watch our videos everything like what
the hell like you guys are crazy
you guys are equal what yeah yeah he's
crazy about crazy both yes he used to be
crazy old Ranger I chilled up each
other's good you changed me uh-oh
mature boring person wait answer the
question and we write it down the answer
boy where I can see we know jokes what
tell me oh my god what is the name of
your questions that so this is before
like a little before you guys met okay
before you guys know we met movies
really talking that time but yeah really
before we like actually like something
like you're going to the bait right yeah
yeah we're going to the bait however
it's good all right and I said I said
Sophia the original ways pH we're gonna
get the F from yeah me at the time and
from our one he put yeah crushes yeah
Freddy from Dominican Republic what the
hell Candice every demon Candice
everything with Jennifer Lawrence but it
do me again if you guys want another
best friend challenge thumbs up this
video 30,000 times up means to them
we'll do another best friend challenge
without Sophia do me getting I just got
done editing the vlog today I haven't
filmed the out show my voice is
completely gone I feel like I have a bad
bad cold man I told you guys this bad
luck that I have is so so annoying I
don't know what it is but it's just
annoying bad luck man the weather in New
York is actually warmer than the weather
in California while the time I'm here
like what this is like impossible the
weather in New York is never better than
the weather in California and now it is
now everyone in New York is enjoying
their time with the warm weather and I'm
here stuck in the rain with the cold but
what would make me feel better is if you
guys subscribe and do me yet because
every single day and I'm still gonna
upload even though I have no voice and
it : I'm feeling super super sick and
super super sleepy it's all good in the
hood because I upload every single day
not as serious I really hope the weather
it turns a lot better because I want to
go to the Golden Gate Bridge either
Friday or Saturday I want to go like
bike riding with some dope blogs in San
Francisco also do me Hank you guys do
not know I'm performing March 10th in
Birmingham at the arena Birmingham it is
BBC Asian Network their whole show with
the performative of ad this is the first
time ever mean Faithie we're having our
own performance together we've never
performed together so this is gonna be
an amazing amazing time so make sure you
guys get your tickets all the info is
right here to get your tickets to do me
and before they run out if you guys
enjoy this vlog make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey I'm gonna see
you guys tomorrow hopefully feeling
better with no bad luck take care and
pitch Ali can't wait to put you on
tonight cuz I feel girl and on a rail
we'll be doing the most tonight just you
and I girl I put on my needs side throw
one on one session and you already know
