mom's you throw you guys didn't do
nothing you ain't defend me yeah Mama's
wait there's no book at me to do nothing
hey guys what's up it do me hang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having it amazing then you all should be
having a super-duper amazing me I'm so
happy right now because Vikas had his
camera and he's letting me use it so
thank you so so much without for letting
me not miss a vlog I've been on a roll I
haven't missed a vlog for so so long now
and I feel accomplished like I've been
to places with Wi-Fi so slow so horrible
having miss a day so hamdulillah and I
don't want to jinx it humbled I've been
going completely fine today's my last
day here in Mexico and I'm so so sad I
supposed to stay here for another couple
days but I decided to leave because my
hand is seriously killing by the way
it's my right hand yesterday I showed my
left because I was recording on from
photobooth so switches you're like the
way you are so it's my right hand my bad
thumb and I really hope once I get back
I'm gonna go straight to hospital and
get a check of that me take you guys on
his fun journey of a couple hours left
here in Mexico and then after that you
guys will see me back home and I watch
it with the Addams Family
come on he stopped his taxi after a
whole hot like 30 minutes swing my love
you want can you take us boy no fun a
nice man young a blob Iquitos when you I
know no mucho see vida buena so you chat
out to the homie were cast for letting
me hold this camera and not miss a day
of a vlog so thank you so much
everyone is just staring at slim because
they got a bright blue shirt sandals he
got he got socks with sandals
everyone seriously just looking at us
because I don't know we just look like
we don't belong here that's very well
honest like a textured see she's thumbs
up Pablo
me llamo mucho okay yeah what's on there
how do you make it robando huh you sit
on it
you can tell
over
by the Auslan
this is a workout there may be more like
this I just fixed the camera so sorry if
it was blurry by the way guys sorry
about like the quality disconnected this
is actually a better quality camera but
I don't know how to use it so if it
comes out blurry at times because I've
no idea to put this camera so much
better camera than the one I have I
can't keep my hand like this either got
an idea in my left hand I got any like
this or slim can just be hot see you go
that's his way
because he's like in love with mango the
Pakistani thing I think so last time go
to Pakistan the mangos there or like oh
my god it is so so good we're at the
airport right now we're all so exhausted
and tired we're going to go to stop in
Mexico City for about three or four
hours then after that we're in New York
City and I'm so so scared to like see my
mom because I was FaceTime or her Lima
and Muhsin and my mom was bugging out
like so he's I mean I expected it to be
like I had them all like you're handling
sushi but I might get a beating when I
get home just know and I probably
deserve the beating cuz I was doing a
lot of crazy stuff jumped over the
building and in Vegas I freaking jumped
over the mountains I stood there I heard
my frickin arm doing doing it for the
vlog so it's about to get Wow dependent
apart just treat just go to what Costas
is sunny house enough no what happened
I'm through it she'll end up coming see
house I'm totally okay so since we got a
20-minute wait here in the airport me
know car's gonna have a little
one-minute competition competition is
British accent contest so he does a
pretty good British accent I think I got
a little better at it so you guys gonna
leave a comment and you guys let us know
who's done a better British Ready Set
hell mate oh wait are you still ready
ready set go
what's your name you say funny is that
this actually is that the bushy commute
and shit chat shit get bent
is that the best you can do that's my
brother brother
Griffin contracting contracting yep and
talk to you company until he's ready
Chris Meloni I'll be on Lou Oh 60
minutes oh six seconds okay okay good so
I just got in York City and this is our
last moment here together are we gonna
seats for tomorrow
I was making a dramatic because Susie
thank you guys for all the company all
the love all the support like I think of
you as a parent I give you guys a hug
love you guys
there you guys make me like happiest
Marvel means the world
alright guys I just got a taxi I'm
heading to the emergency room to get my
thumb check now keep you all updated in
the next shop
what's up ado me gang so I just got home
and before I bring out my family and
before I show you guys I tell you guys
what happened with my thumb when I was
in the emergency room I want you all to
go to the link in the description down
below it is something the surprise that
I've been working on for the past year
and the description below it's called do
hype calm as me like a lot of you guys
already know that it's an app and
seriously I've been working so hard and
it's something so dope so cool so make
sure you guys are the first to like sign
up you can be on any device any anything
is gonna be online like an app stores
real real soon like available everywhere
but I'm telling you guys from the line
if you guys going to be the first to
know and it involves a competition in it
so make sure you guys do it trust me do
it and hopefully it all goes well and
now and you can introduce the Adams
family with whoever is here I'll let you
guys know about what happened with my
thumb princess Dena she is here with me
I just came back from the emergency room
I had to go to the emergency room and
get my thumb checked and it's bad news
and good news I'll show you guys my
thumb right now so that the good news is
it's not broken the bad news is it's
fractured there's a difference between
broken souls is so bad but it's not as
bad so they put me in this little like
thing is not that is not like a cat's
bells like a like I don't know it's like
a calf cast have something that I have
to keep on for about a week or two Adam
until I have to go back if they gotta
check it up again it's been killing me
I'm like in super paid with this thumb
this is my bad time I broke it around
this is the fifth time I messed up my
thumb the last couple times were like
when I was boxing or like when I was
before when I was like fighting people
doing crazy stuff back in like back
copies you guys to fight people and just
do the craziest dumbest stuff in the
past but yeah this is another time my
bad sense of thumb should be good
hopefully shala thank you guys seriously
so much for all your dads and everything
I'm here we did I'm so happy to be back
home I don't care what um I don't care
my thumb can just go give me a big hug
can you pick him the only person when I
came up with only person I see at home
was Deena MOSFET is literally I think
his seat Bend he's about to wake up and
I got this I got this toy from our Sun
and do not think so it's for her so like
right now it's it's for her you know who
this is yours yeah man it's Deena here
zena's yeah going hey sorry I didn't
know govt it Oh Oh your de yeah who's
that I can know who's that my cousin
he's awake you ready to see him
yeah me kiss cuz I missed you I missed
you so much Tina Oh misty your
birthday's coming up your birthday is
coming up alright and you're turning 3 I
remember you when you're born I remember
you when you were like this yes
now you're big we surprised him with
this ok we're gonna bring out my son
right now Martha he is he's going greet
the changing his diaper and he's crying
to come
Morrison Morrison
Oh magic one who made you cry huh
who got you mad glad you met don't be
mad
cuz if we got what we got you do you
like it
no it likes it you just says no to
everything kind of fix it one hit here
you hold this this is more than and
Deana but most biggest yeah push push
my man Mawson is about to be a
basketball player shoot it come on don't
cheat don't cheat don't go veggie
shooter from that shoot from there don't
you wait you push you before give me the
ball let me teach you give me the ball
can we get a couple hole get me know do
you wanna fight
oh no no never I'm joking I'm joking I'm
joking I'm joking I'm joking don't get
in it yeah buddy
my left hand for a dummy gang my left
hand ready set
uh-huh I need to put a lower friend I'm
glad you like a BB give me kiss
yeah yeah not Dina me Nadia huh this
dude not Dina me give me cos you make us
Muzzin
let's just get so much a mess there's no
but I must do you ready see me dunk now
no seriously guys I get no sleep it's
around like 8 a.m. in the morning right
now I'm chilling with the with my nieces
nephews don't have school Maryam ah
everyone else Hamza Jamel all them have
school so I'm not gonna see you guys not
gonna see them till tomorrow's live what
is your matter
yeah well you got better yeah once I got
better
why are you being mad on me as long as
you talk now Wow he talks better than oh
my god
he says no more clear what's wrong with
you yeah what's wrong with you
who you talk to you like that yeah hey
don't say my face come see my face now
come say it to my face
are you scared yeah come over here come
come see this tom it's kids crazy come
over here come yeah come quick yeah the
whole cover the whole is about to come
out yeah the whole quiz about to come up
hey you love him yeah yeah cuz you're
scared is that the only word you know
yeah what's this is a mother warden yeah
say something else yeah this key got
issues hey guys she that's already good
what's wrong with you yeah give me hug
oh you want to give me a hug now huh oh
you want to give me a hug now huh she
don't beat you up yeah yes you can no do
not go who the heck was that she knocked
you out oh this kid man is no word is no
hi you guys
my mom is as you can see the city now
cuz my mom is right there I wish I could
just turn my camera
macho mama yeah I was getting Oh what
the heck she's just a baby
mom is so mad right now I'm gonna get
the craziest lecture after the cameras
off she didn't want to say anything cuz
the cameras on but she threw a textbook
at me in the most lovable way ever she's
like she did was so soft like she
pretends she's gonna hurt me but you
know like any parent like pretending to
her she's so hard they throw it like a
little baby cuz she knows she loves me
mono Oh lousy
I love you mamacita and whose tips mom's
you throw you guys didn't do nothing
yeah you ain't defend me yeah mom was
right there she threw a book at me to do
nothing yeah you're scared yeah oh my
god this curse can say no forever what's
wrong with you yeah but don't decide you
yeah but God man what's wrong with you
is it I'm feeling good my last you see
my thumb is feeling much much better
come to the fan apparently yeah it is
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed like if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and thumbs up for
this thumbs up and go turkey thank you
guys
you want to give a huge message to me
gang thank you guys so so much oil and
support thank you guys for having my
back it truly means the world you guys
truly do not understand like whenever
I'm feeling down you guys bring me up
and make me feel so happy and so
positive so thank you guys so much you
guys always do as what I say which is
stay positive you guys always keep me
positive so thank you guys so much and
me Dayton muslin are gonna do a dance
for you guys to show you guys how happy
I still am and always will be a know
whatever bring me now because you ready
wow he finally said yes he said yes
ready yeah we're gonna do a few guys do
me hang nobody can drag me down nobody
nobody nobody can drag me down nobody
nobody nobody can drag me down yup
seriously guys do me a thank you guys so
so much I'm truly like I'm happy as I
can be right now serious like genuinely
happy because you guys do me I thank God
so much I'm gonna keep smiling I'll see
you guys I'll see you guys tomorrow
you guys are gonna see the rest of it to
Adams family tomorrow take care do me a
I love you and I love you god damn yeah
well I love you miss you
always a feather I was here at full
teeth let me wipe them away okay
that's what you say
