hey guys what's up ado me Aang I hope
you're having an amazing it because I'm
having sorry guys a bug I don't know why
my eye on my nose I'm so disgusting it
just mess up my intro but I hope you're
all having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing day you're
having an amazing day not only right
there we are heading to go we don't know
yet
either the sky jumping from the building
because I'm trying to some crazy black
footage crazy like you know stuff for us
or shooting guns so what do you think
I'm getting up for this guy
and the shoes he's up for the sky jump
is basically jump off a building and
like you have like your equipment on you
jump off the whole building or but it's
a lot of you got a scared me stealing
are the only ones that are like down to
do it but the rest of you will want to
shoot guns the shooting gun thing is
still really really nice cause you shoot
machine guns shoot dope guns so we'll
see how it goes for today if you are
having an amazing day we all should be
having an amazing day how's you Susie
got OCD man the dudes cleaning the car
that is just around the cars you know
they charge a fee where they have to
clean so you're gonna get in it so you
wanna go so it's nice and clean you know
this is you got OCD Bo looking me up and
down now you think I'm hot and I see you
driving yeah let me drive let me just
make a wish I've been driving so much
for the vlog so I'm not gonna drop you
guys I'm going right the weather is hot
like it is so hot
today's the most hottest we've ever been
here in Vegas of the whole week huge was
raining some like that now super sunny
so ball we just got here to the shooting
gun range I don't know I don't know much
of our guns my
dad knows a lot because back in Yemen he
shoots literally like so many gun i'ma
tell you guys a gun store I'm a fan so
guys a gun store right now
one time my dad in Yemen he let me shoot
a gun my dad hear me let me shoot a gun
a k47 right away I was around seven I
shot it and when I shot off blew back
all the way up swear to God like I love
you boy but 12th of September 10 I'm
going to Dearborn I September 12 Toronto
then I had the gun a little like house
in the mouth and almost fell about my
screen I'll say look mother look just
like that and almost I was like up there
shooting cuz in Yemen you can shoot
crazy I'm not going in with my dad was
he who the solo stuff this is here we
buy guns look at this you know only real
men can do it so I think you should stay
outside sit down right there not going
wow this is safe that is sick
are these legal and Vegas or no
everything is legal so I could buy this
gun right now
okay I need be resident what even
resently I need to live here so I need
to live here in a house and I live in
New York so New York they will forget
one of these in New York little arrestee
for like AI r su for like 50 is a that
looks sick right this is sick
if I don't ever get a gun I would get
probably like not really that is dope I
want to say m16 yeah this is a copy of
collector's edition of 60
what a whoopsie
they show that you can have Auto with
Auto finger off the trigger
this is crazy oh my this is heavy
we're back in a day and then it goes
like fast no these are semi-auto so I
said you can pull the trigger this press
around you guys no snipers oh bazookas
you always have to realize Safety's
first okay anybody ever have you rifle
I've done figure out the trick that's
right okay hey I'll pop you got one of
these
she's a knife what are those kick can't
see this one sure those in hk45 who out
of them it's got a what's called a
decocker so if you ever carry in the
situation de-escalates yeah push it down
and it won't allow the hammer to hit one
of the best guns out there that's Korean
Germany it's just that's creamy but
they're gonna carry Germany sleepy dich
you guys are good where's it safety
first
this is crazy so this is a real gun this
is kill someone well the whole point of
doing is gun is actually to protect
yourself it's not as I tend to kill
anybody ever last thing you ever want to
do you write you up
if you can walk away in the system VF
this situation deescalate s Tabasco
which one is the craziest gun like out
of all of these here okay you do a
shotgun
well Oh horse yet but it holds 14 rounds
yeah each one so you go you will push
down on that lever and you can actually
pop it on the card about it that's not
loaded right there well you have like
this bullets in this one no we don't we
never have done
anybody Skrill this is real life that's
cool you know it's funny communal book
has just left Ceylon oz lemon Sophia
we're just looking around now and
they're ready dressing up and like
anyway I like that you guys missed out
bro so what does it mean when we sign it
these are shit ourselves backs in it why
yeah it's just made that you're gonna be
you know we're done
no basically 1/2 the way oh my god ok
but here nothing these because you don't
want the gun shows coming out this they
put this on here the pose
nice just put it over my head it's loud
trust me you can make it good for so the
quantities are overhead just go right on
back for shoes
yeah cuz they don't protect your ears
all the way under sideways I know that's
crazy
not just put it on a con it's nothing
look at me head that is it Raceway
excited first of informing
foreordination with sonic range on the
format that one door closed at all times
we got another side of the store this
give you a red light at the grab you
guys gotta stay behind red lights like
all you have to shoot hey I can make
sure that 1 2 3 4 6 are you dumb so
puzzled
I'm yes not you
you know that you bought my wife guys
alright guys I month ago just a shot
I'm going over everything
you guys
ah finally here again this is crazy of
that shot that we had it was a 50 Cal it
was so hard that's swear to God like
I'll move it was the air like it took
the breath of my shoulder wisher guys my
shoulder question that's a boy oh my god
we'll all right lock it not from the 50
Cal that's from the 50 Cal I was crazy
now that was so crazy deputy before
right hey 50 Cal why I was wrong
that was so so crazy and so fun they
actually gave us a gift which is this
bullet and when you bring it to the
airport you're not allowed to like put
it two carry-on bags you got to put into
check bags or also again big big trouble
you know I'm thinking it was look how
Michigan I have a crazy prank idea but
imagine putting this like one of nas's
bag or anyone somes bag will cost back
with their leaving in a carry-on they
get a deep deep trouble I wouldn't do it
I'll think about putting this wonder
carry-on bag so you guys travel Steve
I'm putting it kid everybody a masses
bags I'll give him that I'll put in here
carry alone so scared you know why so
scared he thinks if he goes back to it
in England he thinks like people gonna
days taking military training and he's
trying to set up out of you
he's so paranoid there's no paranoid we
get questions is every time we come in
because it's America it's our names it's
okay I mean and then pleasure you got
one of them they let us back in it's
nothing tell me you're just going to
hundreds on the vlog oh I'll show them
the flag you're good Chuck it right why
are you having that Nicole I can't work
it guys thumbs up I should put in this
carry-on bag 30,000 thumbs up I'll do it
okay you're dooming it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoyed the
vlog we did make sure give it a thumbs
up and go turkey I am so full right now
I ate so much at the buffet at Caesar's
Palace and they had literally like
Lobster like a lot of new stuff lobster
oysters crabs what else what guys was it
called
and it was really weird food but my
camera ended up dying I wanted to vlog
like all the weird when I was eating but
I might try it soon and flag before you
guys than that I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me and I'll bring you guys
on another crazy adventure with me so
hopefully it is that great I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care or pitch I like
have you always in favor I'm sure that
bullshit let me write them away and I'll
be okay
this what you say
