hey guys what's up a dummy gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so what fire I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having a super amazing positive day no
matter what time it is in your city in
your hood I hope you guys having a day
filled with positivity today it is
I think they two or day three of Mexico
we are going on another adventure to go
see dolphins
so go kiss offers to go chill with
dolphins so I'm gonna take you guys with
me and I'll see you guys out shop we are
on our way to the dogs in place and
we've been told that we cannot film in
the Dolphins lab because it'll like
distract off and stuff like that
so i'ma try my best to film a bit if not
I don't want to like mess around
dolphins dolphins are my homies so I'm
gonna black as a much cool stuff as I
get there but I can't blog I still try
to do a little bit of it you guys also
finally will be there in about five to
ten minutes there are no photos devoted
of
I didn't even vlog or do anything here
but we're gonna try it but the guy just
told me no pictures nothing like that he
said no he said no pictures but he
didn't say no video right right this you
know real it is a non vlogging I see the
Dolphins silver seed office we did we'll
look what my favorite animals is
dolphins like I've always wanted to
touch or never touch any don't like my
dream was like always kiss a dolphin
right I've always wanted
cuz office is so harmless and they're so
nice so it's gonna be dope that is sick
we are ready to go
dolphin dolphin will uh put it in here
and also the cell phone my cell phone
we finally got done with the dolphin
riding and oh my god I do not regret
like a second of it was crazy it was
amazing the most probably one of the
most amazing experiences ever in my life
I've always wanted to do something like
this ever since I was like really young
but like I never got to do it cuz my
childhood was just like crazy like it
was so dope Suzy seen the dolphin was
like was like it seemed like the way it
feels it feels different than what it
looks it looks like it's like a hard
like start something like really hard
but it's not like it's really soft and
it's like like it's like classic like a
toy it looks like a toy I can't explain
it you guys have to do it this is what
happened when we went to this place they
try to steal my credit they try to steal
my debit card right they try to take a
photocopy of my debit card then I had
this huge argument with them I why he
trying to take a copy of my debit card
he was like off my identification I'm
like if you want to get identification
you take a picture of my ID you don't
take a picture my debit card so it seems
kind of fishy so I had a huge argument
with there the management came out and
like literally they hated me because I
stood up for myself so they hated me so
much for that and after a while after we
finish that whole dolphin experience the
the worker had a video the workers doing
a video of us like you know with the
dolphins and chilling itself but was
supposed to come with our package
because we bought a package for the
dolphin but then if they charge us $200
for to get the video to get the video
off they're like no the package you guys
have is only photos not it's not video
and we need to get video for you guys
right so then I kept arguing with that I
kept saying like look the package I got
to perform and it's only pictures and
video like no if you want to video
separately it costs $200 to get the
video and I'm like how am I getting $200
per video that they just took so we did
it we paid $200 to get the video and we
needed a video for you guys to see like
our experience and when we seen them
that they were recording and we couldn't
record me slipped kept messing around
with them we could go on a Side west
side north side we kept messages if
we're not allowed our camera and they're
allowed that's not right so here's the
clip of the dolphin
I adieu my gang so we paid $200 for this
low-quality video that they give us but
it's better than nothing I'll try to fix
it and like show you guys through here
because I don't have a disc in my laptop
to put it in so I'm gonna show you guys
like this we kept messing with the guys
that's dancing he was throwing up gang
signs this is just a random family's
next house staring at us like what the
heck
like it that's a dolphin this us making
dolphin dance is gonna come on dance
skinny belly dance - that's us making it
for me we're making it this oh yeah yeah
Billy does it hey hey this is the hoop
Shake Shack shock Shake Shack shock
Shake Shack shot all right so this part
this supposed to have a water fight then
slim ended up having a real fight and I
ended up having to hold him back because
I didn't want him to get hurt you know
I'm saying dolphin dolphin gang dolphin
squad get crazy so I had to hold him
back or like chill bro chill bro chill
chill don't fight Joe Joe don't do that
don't do that Joe and this part was the
dolphin ride it's coming oh oh oh my god
so here you guys have it it's pretty
much it sim you got this huh ready
navona I'm sure so I could just go
through some gotta put his head up okay
take it the daughter
as goals then let's look cute singing
picture them they have a pool here
it has waves it's a wavy wavy pool looks
like a beach
alright guy going down the slide move
you high
be careful love you too Adam I don't
know you
I mean I look crazy looks like a toilet
that you go in and I really do the
further go to run so I'm gonna cry so
much
this is the craziest thing ever this
right here it's literally a toilet so
you're literally a piece of crap
swimming around here in the mighty
little but no it doesn't like you sure
work yeah you take care of it please
maybe they don't put the faceless masses
down all the pigs hold the face of it
you're licking it lickin living you
that's cool I mean a puss Adam I look at
me look at me look
don't move Adam it's like no because
he's like okay like hey I'm picking up a
snake I'm tough out here you know say
hola
yeah like in my dream oh my god you can
get them now and get them here together
you can save em you get again all them
you're always looking at me like that
that's cool I suppose no the head is
like this yeah that's our Brody so just
don't freaked out you've already on your
hands okay
you're very strong from relax a little
Iceland talk to it so - I'm always dass
du bien go beyond a me being gay it's a
homebody something's gonna knock you out
Joe oh I should've been away I was
putting alone
right now at this like a real real
Mexican food spot I Drive it here
I'm gonna get so much whack Amole it's
nice say bismillah you habla bismillah
bismillah bismillah yeah you got it
okay do me yank so I'm not wrapping up
the vlog here I'm just keeping a to be
continued so I'm not saying anything
because sometimes it takes so long when
I do ending and it takes up longer cuz
the Wi-Fi here is really long so that's
all I'm gonna say all I want to say was
thank you guys so much for all your love
and support and go in Turkey and for
voting for nominating me for the team
choice on choice youtuber it truly means
the world
thank you asshole so much until tomorrow
I'll see you guys in the Alma mucho this
would choose
