if you but this you let you man
hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
you are having an amazing night because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having a super-duper amazing day right
now I'm not really having an amazing day
I just uploaded the poem right now and
I'm uploading the vlog the Wi-Fi here in
Mexico is so so bad so I have to make
the vlogs around 10 to 11 minutes
they're taking so so long literally the
struggle you see me going through in
Germany for Wi-Fi this is ten times
worse mean slim only had about like two
hours of sleep because of Wi-Fi so this
is a slide of adventure so we're gonna
go straight to the line I'll see you
guys out South America II like espanol
poquito de mucho mi sue√±o Liz better
than his nose that yes it has the whole
eye man
it's the veldt dude and a dummy beyond
Asia here now in the taxi I'm heading to
the barber shop
we're on a journey to the bottle shop to
get a nice haircut fresh because boy I
ain't trying to go to the beach
looking like this in Mexico trying to
look fresh not that we own both on a
journey to maximum it's crazy how like
life is so different here the car is so
busted up I came in open the window
but seriously so so hot you're like over
a hundred degrees and I am Suzy like
that's like over 100 degrees I got to
put like some buckles and I got like
some grams my god what you look so good
we were here in the strip in the
downtown I guess
of Mexico we finally found the
barbershop hey they do this in Yemen
we're going to the barbershop the
distance from our place to the robber
shop was like 10 15 minutes and for $3
$3 I don't you know this killer segments
12-mile I'm not perfect but these girls
are they give you a haircut movie end
all right guys it's all on him was he
coming down yeah nicely buddy because
I'm so excited and I'm relying on
throughout it's 50 baht Rustica these a
homie not but this is like when my
little nephews Hamza what your man give
me a haircut is a great karma got me
crazy all here because I gave more such
a man must up there here he's going to
dip down doing good so far no get what
you want
only Ignacio neither Cancun Mexico makes
you come to my 15 year old homie
what do you say yeah
this is crazy it's crazy like oh you
better give me the governor
I finally got my cut and it is looking
fresh
this is crazy don't ever judge a book by
its cover
read somewhere like an atom like oh he's
15 years old he won't give a good cut
but I still wrists it and I took it and
it was an amazing cut Slim was mad right
now he doesn't like his cut
you should have one sitting we're
staying in an area in Mexico where there
isn't any tourists we're not in a
tourist area we're like all Mexicans old
area and that's what I love about going
to places I don't want to go to
different country go into like tourist
area see in America
I'm so tall Oh Toto Allah let me take us
downtown downtown downtown Cancun down
tonic down tuna downtown
I'll give me one sec I'm gonna look it
up right now Google Translate so this
taxis a little bit upgraded they got
this you can open the window with this
little upgrade you know saying oh I got
a little fan in there so we just told
the taxi driver to he's downtown I had
to google translate it and literally
everywhere I go I have to translate
learn Spanish seriously
I really hope he's taking us to downtown
I can't cool magic takes us somewhere
like a different spot and just throw
this out there like it's like a
dangerous spider Mexico let me say that
because they love it nobody knows Lima
stuff we do for the bloggers crazy nose
and we even tell them I drop us in the
middle of nowhere
as long as we have the camera and Wi-Fi
we'll be watching just do for the villa
don't fit of lying hey do for the blonde
hey do for the black do we do for the
block do it for the black thing we do
everywhere in the Mikey stuff Mexico
it's so so doctor we gave me some Nike
slippers from Mexico 600 local massage
okay Mexico Mexico City then what are
you doing that so oh my god is doing it
oh the money here is plastic hey but hey
who is this on it president yes so
there's a little what's name many the
white finito waters you can you can go
like this and don't don't don't
rip you know another window washers
gotcha hello it's so good only I wanna
team up I don't know if I could bring it
today
how
whoa
so sick it's like you're legit riding a
pensive
so dope Mexico you can literally do
anything you won't get in trouble like
usually in America or anywhere else I
got kicked out on like 5-10 minutes over
here and pretty much this chili-cocoa
slippers do it and you're good it's a
pretty dope playground oh yeah boy you
won't somes about to get in trouble
those many dos minutos now she said no
hi is that no hi they do de let's cute
does he look cute
mature my gusta oh dude to hear a
numeral to cater numeral huh
did she give a hug what is that so give
big hug giving call big hug hug hug
comedy a coma Thomas huh dannion I'm
Daniela Ed's live silly got slim yella
he has a cute kids touch yes
mucho gusto me gusta my goose is she's
blushing dancing me goosey do you want
to do when I go to New York he's gonna
fly you out to New York cause you hear
that yeah that sounded whoop no you're
gonna make the whoop sound which he
knows he's whoop that's why no no no
this is how you supposed to do it what
how does he do that how does he do that
Remo will love that I'm nothing I'll be
about to crash oh that's crazy we had no
clatter do it those little kids were
just jamming lay
Oh
Oh No
no I I just drink
I just drinks asshole we just got kind
of kicked out of the Train
but it was fun this Fonda throw this
old-school pick on number pick one them
up yeah I like this bunny oh my god
there's no bunny bunny
so does invaded our Swiss money our
universe live oh you gotta hear he's a
sly dime dogs right now oh my wake up
I'm not one for this video because I
know he's more energetic normally you
should adopt a dog in Mexico we should
adopt daughter give me that
seriously I would get this one hey
doggie what's up what should I call you
look you throw my - which one did you
guys choose this one or that one
I don't know they're both so cute I'm
with dr. about itself
yeah Oh ladies one is T sad only he's
happy
something happy she he's very low easy
one who me all too bad yeah no I feel
bad let's go happy
I feel bad for this woman I feels over
whoo laughs all these dogs that's hot
that's how I'm gonna be like when you
move in without New York bro oh no don't
say that
I'm so sad asked the guy if you can hold
the dogs like a day or two or two we
leave Mexico but he said no I mean I
tried I don't mind adapting and keeping
them in a pond the place we have in
Mexico so we left the real city of
Mexico of Cancun and why are the tourist
areas I just take a picture for slim one
picture because I'll take the dopest
pictures ever one of those don't you
think every time you say see you take
the chest that's every time I put a
picture now everybody say always picture
kind of his good what occurs Adam cuz I
don't we talk about the picture homeboy
just talk about that come on cuz I need
credit for that no real clinic it was an
amazing battle you know but it's me so
long to put my bet you not Adam I'm not
gonna touch the water
that's not one
like how hold it I'm just gonna run it
ready
baby you want
are you gonna be
do you wanna be Oh baby
you
