man hey guys what's up and do me gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing my voice is finally
back it is back it's about 80% back I
did not speak for so long so I feel so
like I can talk like you can hear me you
can listen to me in everything I'm
saying so this is our last day here in
Las Vegas and Nas needs a haircut before
you goes to the UK so I decided I'll go
and give him a haircut because I know
how to do the best haircut so let me go
give him a nice cut you'll leave back
good morning guys
this is Adam Sami and it is not as you
guys know Naz he's a celebrity hair
stylist and he does people's ears like
lamps liveries hairs that I cannot name
because you know it's too much
information if you see their name of
something but the bad thing is he's in
here cuz I'm like you know what I'm
gonna give him he's gonna teach me to
walk me through so we're gonna see how
it goes
just so you know I really know how to
cut hair I mean I try to have my nephews
I don't even know how to cut a child
must really be with hold their shape of
us like this pumpkin holding his head
the language yet how's my old like this
well I'm sad just look tip your head
back for us
whoa well this is no I don't
know what you are I didn't want to take
that red thing off that's it okay listen
you get this I'm going to show you
because I can see the side yeah I just
showed up to here again
oh look
let me give you guys another wedding
segment don't come over here so now you
get the number one and you just go up to
about here now that's all we're not all
the way up all the way up
nothing is that yeah all the way more
keep going on either side yeah but
you're strangling me
yeah all does he went down oh yeah well
done how's that one - Lester your ass I
mean I take it the guy's a good I
already got it
come on bro
NOS let me you freaking cut it's going
this Custer
that's a very good job
come on our nice house when we
fresh tonight real fresh whoa
never you know you do that I'll show you
possibly have a great flat half a ha
useful next you need to get up here we
you need you know what you need a
hairline what was that number that I
mean a hairline hairline that little
bump and - I need everyone I know your
news oh well you don't use that one I
can still use it no no that you don't
use this or give any music yeah yeah no
I'm just cleaning this stuff this is
pretty much done whoa let me comb your
hair well I have a cone already come
with this essential economic hub
let me call me what else we learnt Yemen
not to it it's not all along what what
just there
what
why put in my head let it let me go back
no matter if exam
I am officially done with his cut or you
think of it you see love that how was it
I like it honestly to be honest
Oh a guy did you shoot a whole thing
yeah Wow you're learning
I learned another day yeah Dustin Beaver
you next I'm gonna cut you here that
needs a head cop does Hollywood wonder
come we were heading to the airport
we're all about to make out separate
ways
means number going to Mexico and now
since stealin are going to the UK unless
you guys you guys yeah it's been crazy
and made with company than funny we
would go and I crazy adventures and it's
something that we'll never figure out
whole lives we're gonna be eight years
old
remembering this crazy vacation is crazy
boxing fights is crazy
Grand Canyon everything that we have so
loved it wrong
safer hey uh do me gotta see me here no
more you guys I'm gonna see him for a
little bit so farewell my brother slim
see you know zoom up with you guys next
time I see you in UK we're gonna get to
a message together again Allah insha
Allah insha Allah that means in like in
God's work so we are now heading to
Mexico and I'm such an idiot once again
I just left on my camera I left my
passport in security right now I'm gonna
go get it watching me to go back to slim
he's gonna bug out on he's gonna go
crazy because he hates it when I lose
stuff we are here and Mexico's
we're in mega city Mexico City we have a
two-hour wait that we headed to Cancun
I'm so so excited I do not know what to
expect just I'm just expecting more
crazy adventures a hundred lies and so
excited ready really oh really oh my
quick oh well it si utilize e-wallet Oh
is you is you that your idea yes I'm so
from Airport got lotion I'm gonna get
some claritin because I have some bad
allergies
I said claritin she didn't send me when
I said kalyra
team and then she knew what I was saying
also called my Spanish this Braille it's
managed his Spanish is overall having a
butcher a little bit up to get to know
much y'all gonna be watch it hasta
cocaine who do you see Tomoko I just got
some allergy medicine and it looks
different it's this I don't know what
this is
I'm trusting a lady
so mad I do not bring my Adam rest in
eros articles I'm sorry you two I wanted
to do a belly dancing in Mexico all I'll
see it I'll see they sell it here I'll
check out they sell you if they don't
Doug and I'm gonna find a way because I
do have the head gear if I don't have
the club I sleep
drinking the medicine
drinking medicine because my allergies
are really really bad I'm sleeping
not only drug we are finally here at our
place in Mexico and it is super hot it's
like literally 100 degrees right now I'm
steaming happy managed 3m and this is
this hot at the 3m so you guys gonna see
me with a crazy crazy 10 the next few
days I'm gonna end the vlog here I'm
gonna give you guys a little room tour
right here not much of it but I said
dope don't play somebody got it's right
on the beach this is one room I'm gonna
go here you don't see the kitchen with
the little shopping
let's go to subs log you see the the
crazy adventures we went on with our
homie Eric in the shopping that we did
we got a lot of water a lot of water
almost all speaking Spanish so you guys
got to teach me leave let me let me know
in the comments below like teachers were
Spanish like words or something like
that so yeah and then outside it's the
most picking to cool this part of
there's a ham up that's here there's
something where you lay down some color
guys this is taupe yeah Hey look at you
go lay down yeah oh my god how did
myself
Oh what what the beaches didn't I'm
scared what like the water it was all
really waste
I don't you can really see it but the
beach is literally right here the waters
right there is that kitchen right here
and that's pretty much it
three ready to go and I really hoped the
Wi-Fi is fast I'm really the open fit is
you guys are gonna get to see my poem
that is finally gonna be leaked today
it's finally going to be leaked today so
make sure you guys go check it out the
link is down below I'm so so excited for
you guys here is something that I'm so
passionate about so I hope you guys do
enjoy do me again it gives like a thumbs
up you're ready but in Mexico blogs I
will see you guys tomorrow
take care and I do yeah mucho
I'm here for you always a favor I'm sure
that let me wipe them away I
know okay this would choose to say
