Hey right here right here
hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing name because
I'm having an amazing I'm having an
amazing it you all should be having
SuperDuper amazingly I just left my
freaking camera in an uber box and I
told Naz slim and everyone else like to
go wait because we have an opponent
booked to go to the Grand Canyon I lost
my voice I had to go get my freaking
camera from the / we're sick around 10
minutes so I'm here alone running to the
place right now to the Grand Canyon we
were gonna drive to the Grand Canyon but
we decided to get a helicopter there
okay that's gonna take us all the way to
the Grand Canyon from Las Vegas and it's
gonna show us all around my voice is so
gone and this sucks so bad because I
vlog and I talk a lot and I sound so
weird and I'm so so sorry guys I feel
like my voice not being here is like
letting you all down it's all good I'm
still gonna talk and I'm supposed to not
talk so my voice can come back I'm not
trying to vlog silently like this I made
it on time we are ready it's not - gonna
private helicopter just us and I just
want to say huge huge attitude cause he
went back to New York City because
something happened to his mother but um
the lunch
I love dentals okay because I love and
respect a few and I'll see you back in
New York City we are here our driver
well what's your name Alex Oh Alex yeah
as a metallic I don't good man
I'll go ready to go him up with this
city guys kind of nervous because
I know what makes it more like scare
easy every time before the flight before
anything they're like told you these
safety rules in this so makes you just
scare like just in case you fall out you
do this you do that I'm like dad why
would you think of that like my mom
talking but it's all good we're going to
see how it goes I'm so excited it's my
first helicopter as how you guys doing
in life
we just landed in the Grand Canyon over
here and it oh my god this is one of the
most beautiful places I've ever been in
the world like one of the most it's
crazy like especially do you know the
history like those mountains and
everything or like hundreds of millions
of years and like their volcanoes
there's so much oh my god you guys this
crazy space but our goal right now is to
go somewhere to have a sick deal and get
a sick picture so I need a good
Instagram picture and I'm taking you
guys with me to take this good Instagram
pictures what's up
I don't homey
I'm so so mad right now I have no
service to upload my blog okay
a gram can enjoy
live will be up late
to do that
miss asked you
I just woke up from my nap Mena's hello
now from there yeah I fell asleep I shot
and he was like get off me and I was
like oh man but we're going to get a
sick view this is beautiful oh my god
mashallah this is what I live for this
is good everyone became wow this is
beautiful
what does someone just push you someone
lets go pushes you and your good fault
oh if I survive whoa whoa but if you do
over come back no you got to go hit it
oh my oMG this is so sick I so it makes
you appreciate life I swear to God wow
so beautiful me well looks you did you
scare so nice oh to do it nos nos wants
to take a picture with his legs like off
the mountain and I'm dying to do it if
you gonna do it I'm gonna do it if
you're down to do it yeah we'll do it I
did hi you go first so I come he is a G
this man is an Oh G well not even joke
it wasn't a win who's you imagine one
day with my sis bro it'll push me I'm
light
this is so much scarier than actually
looks like it's so scary like it's scary
even being here like it feels like
you're just gonna draw oh my god she
couldn't escape evil oliviana's come
this taking this picture is scarier than
jumping off the building yesterday I'm
not even joking and you and you did
enough of the bullying as all I'm saying
this is skip roller save this is a sale
this is scary
Oh what are you doing as my head my
hands is so persuaded look at this
sweaty from all this much tourism over
while scary not scary knows no yet nice
I'll do it yeah I believe x-man nos but
I'll be the best pitch of my live
these are white people they do crazy
shit don't freaking go next side cliff
and the blades nothing is alright just
rolling listen think about a picture
okay
think about your life I'll get 20 miles
or I'll get 20,000 legs okay thank you
think about your life think about your
life just someone just hold me from the
back yeah looking back we've done delay
let's trust me we sick well I'm again
glad you better be the daredevil here
yes are you trying to get me jump down
building but I enjoy the house worse if
you don't jump in you shitting I don't
mind I would always have you say and
appreciative now lodged all the time on
the mountain well come on trust me
bromance my hands are super sorry I love
you guys I love you I love you I'm going
to open different people listen listen I
do it you do it comes ready she's good
man you could give it a good I don't
just take it from here what what what
it's still gonna be the same picture
anyway I said that's fine that you can
still shoot the head come here do it up
it here yeah trust me
come on be careful be guys it's Adam I
didn't trust me
you stand up bro something little more
mrs. Standish I know so anybody got
plenty of switchboards
I looked up I looked up in victory smart
lady
you
hi guys guess what yeah the chicken the
chicken is here
yes came up and he doesn't want to take
a picture so if your new name is chicken
that's it let me just take one right
there
we did it it's easy so scary don't know
about well actually maybe not
it's a scariest thing in life oh my gosh
so scary
the chicken is about to be aligned right
now if you do you're lying
be careful uh not stairs there yeah easy
nobody nobody don't worry don't you
relax velocity good the stuff we do for
Instagram and the stuff we do for
insulin the guys the chicken is now a
lion
he's a lie on lie enough I can I can so
much hostility up that's the lion I did
see this huh he's like he's not good I
give him price whatever wall of scary
that is scary you're about two to three
thousand feet high and literally any
move you're done this is a stupid move I
know but the stuff people do for
Instagram is wild I mean I'm like I'm
one of those people that would want a
good good picture for memories and to
post on Instagram but while so we just
left a different location the Eagle
Point now we're at a different location
and this is crazy literally we're four
thousand feet high actually made a
mistake and they said anyone falls it's
eight seconds to drop down and they're
done eight seconds and you're gonna go
down 110 miles per hour and you're done
done like literally so be careful
there's a ceiling Joe ceiling get back
these guys are crazy
slam stop doing stupid shit
that's it hey come on man jokes is on
why you fuckin unless it is anybody's on
this I don't care move so chill bro
oh fuck them please down just do a lot
so I'm not watching Will Rogers I can
watch it slim please get back my voice
my voice
slim my voice slim please stop slam come
back my voice is gone please
somali doing some dumb shit right now
please
slim I swear dude no don't push me wait
get back please
guys I'm gonna put my I'm gonna show my
camera down by when I could look at the
scary so much ago like this show
heading back to Pilate heading back to
Vegas it was crazy
this is our baby our baby it's just in
case we fall in the water
do you not a swim not really oh wow dude
awesome yeah I'm gonna swim mozzie no
zoom look at that hand no doggy paddle
Wow so I guess me swimming the pilot
will only ones that survived in forever
fall in the water are we made it back
safe we made it back alive hamdullah
my voice is completely gone like I need
this what I'm gonna do
let me get home imma end the vlog and
I'm just kidding seriously just like not
talk for five six hours of the whole
night so my voice can come back and
tomorrow I can actually try to bring my
voice back okay do me again it is time
to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed this vlog if you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey if
you made it to the end the vlog give it
a thumbs up thank you so much for being
a rider that do me hope you guys enjoyed
this crazy Grand Canyon vlog tomorrow I
am off to Mexico and I'm gonna have to
sleep right now night I'm not gonna talk
after this I'm not going to talk about
1213 hours so hopefully maybe I'll bring
my voice back a little bit for
tomorrow's vlog on that I'll see you
guys tomorrow and I will be announcing
the name of my poem that that's I'm
gonna reveal really through today on
Twitter if you guys want to follow me on
instagram my instagram is right here for
my Instagram picture of the Grand Canyon
make sure you go see it and go turkey on
it because it's a hard like seriously
like that picture was crazy up now so
you got some are dooming egg take care
or peace I'm not talking to my office
have you always in favor I'm sure that
fool Ted let me write them away okay
this what you say
