ah ah ah shit man right what's up doing
it right now
not the bathroom he's about
how's your coming yeah yeah ready to get
a cut bro don't know home cousin huh
Filipino sir
give it up what is good nice give me a
haircut
oh you doing last time you gave me a
haircut was in my late shall shall I put
a towel on her oh that's me give me a
cut was in Malaysia Kuala Lumpur my
squadron but so much that's last let me
give me a cup I'm gonna cut right now
for the Rotterdam show then Amsterdam
I'm so so excited
ah boy good in my heart book can listen
to a same drunk now that's like shopping
you dance Mambo blacks but what kind of
reasons that one of those I heard Rosie
saying putting needles in my head well
this side is more lighter than the side
honey to fill up obviously you like last
time you called nobody was so good this
time you suck we took a little oh yes it
is
look well you can see it Adams fine
money well you cross-eyed you good
anywhere glass eyes are good no I know
what I'm looking at fine do you wear
glasses bro you messed it up look I just
read your continues please Michigan
please make a straight
but yo you not see this enough look well
it's quick it's not straight but boom
I'm you straight wrong but on the phone
on the phone you call it German bombers
and we'll go to Bob shops I can't do
this it's quick you look look closely
I'm in a straight line
no it's not straight no look look look
look look look do you see sugar Oh
straight you put math sheets in it like
it's a mathematical equation
oh no no no you just fucking finish it
oh my god please fix it well I don't
know I have a big headline tomorrow well
it's not rosy yeah but John shut up a
fight tomorrow I don't know suicide can
I do it right you did a much better
marina and I just straight for you high
volume it's too high no oh come on Adam
what I'll add stuff with you the wrong
five my fingers spit in my forehead
before for that only film up for now is
five oh come on you're all black I love
you oh these are calling for exception
tell them they gotta brush up money
clean shop should be come on please you
messing up one oh you're crying no done
it looks like a freaking mashed potatoes
look look at your head look at your hair
how much straightened you want that to
be it's not straight but which I wish
I'm not straight well you made it - way
to a high ball three - kind of I swear
it was I'm just gonna of your Oakland I
look 40 - you made a way to honor 14 -
you know we'll get there back
oh that's totally dick when I need to
glue my hair back
ah ah ah shit bro you want to be spilled
ah ah what do it so easily
aah aah God whether you could pimple
something ah ah ah ah a little please go
go something Khalil ah core assumption
in cocoa ah ah bleeding broke ah yeah
let's go go huh smells good
what's up pal did you pack up and use a
cup if you Hey what shit don't you so
much a mud hole yourself idiot I gotta
use my blood on yourself going you look
like the one thing you love the lyric
city so I use it against him oh you
gotta give it thumbs up funny jerko yeah
well we're one over nice right yeah I'm
gonna cut from go wash I get a cut guy
peace up
baby
you always in favor I'm strapped those
teeth then he wipe them away I know okay
this would choose a say
