hey guys what's up a do me gang this is
Adam Saleh and I am back at the new
Adams family house and a do me yang
prank week is back it starts today let's
go see where my son and Rima at because
they're the ones who are gonna help me
out with today's prank mafia Rima Lawson
Moss it wasn't like of getting his shoes
thinking I'm gonna take him out you want
to go outside yes free ma how are you
how you doing boy yesterday yes Rima
great idea let's go check the PIO box if
you guys do not know I opened the peel
box a few weeks ago and I haven't
checked this with today's gonna be the
first time ever where I checked the peel
box so I'm so so curious to see what we
have oh you're gonna have toys that all
you care about yeah okay then don't come
no there's gonna be I don't know I don't
know it's gonna be there I don't know so
we're gonna start off the day by going
to check the peel box and seeing what
you guys send us then after that we're
gonna come back and prank my nephew
Yusef with the fake glass bottles that I
have I'm gonna pop it on Watson or Remus
head I don't know but first let's go
check the box come on come on come on
also guys my whole floor is finally
gonna do me good everything is literally
done the walls ceilings my office my
bathroom literally everything all I need
to do now is put furniture TV my desks
couches weights mirrors I just need a
few more days to get it done and then
after that can reveal the whole video
for you guys so expect it and around
another five six days it do me gay I
never really rocked supreme but the man
Rodney he always hooks me up with the
supreme because he got the good hookups
with supreme he also got me the supreme
hat and I got these supreme bookshelves
you look nice
and I also have supreme chopsticks I'm
not even joking supreme chopsticks nicob
a box you want to go to the peal box
what the kids keep telling me let's go
to the peal box let's go we out for oh
hi guys we just got to the peal box spot
we're going to side to check what we got
you guys ready
I miss doing this so much manner me the
last time I did it was like 2014 2015 I
don't know but now we're back Bo box
stuff and I need a lot of dope fan art
that I'm gonna put inside my office boo
me gang if you guys can do fan art send
this us it's pure boxes so oh it's cool
but this is our 6:33 it do me gig we got
the stuff here we're gonna open it up
once we go inside the house let's see
what you guys got a sock it was that
Remo you guys so much stuff to the point
where the workers over there were like
what do you do and I have to explain to
them that I do YouTube and that a lot of
you guys are gonna send me stuff what's
everybody so we don't have all the stuff
we're gonna open up some stuff right now
and every other day we're gonna open up
stuff in a pill box in the vlog okay
hold the big one okay hold this one okay
so we have something small something
medium it's something large so we're
gonna open up the small one first to see
what's in there what do you think it is
a Ring Pop okay let's see it was the
Ring Pop oh oh okay Remo is close its
little rings crown earrings and a car
for months it was thank you lecie I
seriously gods no matter what you guys
give us big or small we appreciate you
guys equally thank you let's see what
this is this is my pillbox info if you
guys want to send anything right there
wow look at this
go to sleep this is not a blanket this
is a prayer rug muffin this is from
habibti and a half how do you deal ahem
I miss you so much I remember meeting
you in Amsterdam seriously you're so so
sweet for this see what this is okay so
the first thing it says at a young beaba
is in Saudi Arabia I believe I'm gonna
go there and mark there's a lot of you
guys who watch me over there Saudi
Arabia and it says it er let's see
what's in there they taped it up the
Arab way man they put tape all around
from Laila thank you so much Laila
this says moss and moss and this is
yours this says Remo right everyone's
here this says Adam right there this
says mama Saleh each of us are opening
of ours no way Wow
yo this sweater is fire man this is sick
thank you to every single one of you
guys would send us stuff they're gonna
put on their watches I just wanna say
thank you so much for making the kids
happy
I truly appreciate thank you so much I
see you guys the next shop prank Tompa
let me see you watch you like it look
how happy is you like yours yeah yeah
what time is it it's what it's full time
yeah no it's not it's like six seven
o'clock Grima okay to me gang it is time
to prank you sir so he just got to my
house he's downstairs he's staying here
for a few days so he's settling in
putting his clothing boy he doesn't know
is that he is our first victim me and
Rima we're gonna pretend to be in an
argument I'm gonna pretend to fight okay
me and Remo we never have fights we
never have arguments but today he's
gonna be our first time Rima and the
crazy thing is Boston has no clue what's
about to happen he has no clue what I'm
even saying so use of isn't the only one
that's about to get pranked this dude
right here is about to get pranked
let's see if he defends his sister and
let's see what use of does so I got this
fake glass bottle inside here and Yusef
comes in I'm gonna hit it on Reema's
head it is not real you literally can't
feel anything when you hit on anyone
Remo you're gonna have to do some good
acting okay Serena's gonna act like
she's passed out let's open this up and
let's see got a handle with care' it to
me gang this is it this is what's gonna
help us do the prank
don't solve it do me a thumbs up for
prank week thumbs up don't read about
what are you doing stop being a donkey
what's wrong with you yeah you're a
donkey yeah seriously we'll see you guys
acting stupid what you're being bad
you're not listening to me do you
already smack you yeah what you better
smack you you miss Matthew he thinks the
job because of that
get that stupid snap now give you a big
slap Rima
you guys owe me to give you a big slide
no it's not a joke
okay okay relax dude all right let me do
it this slide yeah kendama
stop working all right he's gonna be
good one Moxon it's a good one you're
the dumb one
yeah it's not bad you're bad like this
stupid yeah what's that funny she keeps
doing this I think she's doing about
everyone let's say yeah this is much
worse how do we talk about what you do
if you're doing it on purpose
give it cracking that crack you follow
yeah we'll do it ha ha I'll crack you
yeah I'm not gonna tell you did I don't
know what you I'm not stupid
the holes wrong track to you me one
cobbler you think it's a joke
are you okay ha okay wait are you okay
oh yeah we killed it really this looks
so real
forget it what is it plastic out of you
know it is like sugar look at this how
it is ready let you fight it when a
six-yard like I know you you don't get
mad at anything I've got patients but
Muhsin what do you think huh I'm bad
pretty much animals feet no not that was
a quick prank by Duma gank that is just
the start of prank we you said you're
the start off about it do me yank we are
also heading to the mall to see slimming
the key we have more glass bottles we
should go to them like crack it on you
let's get that - why yes thumbs up and
do me a thumbs up for frankly 50,000
thumbs up grant gonna do it yes yeah
let's do it
guys mama Sawa just got present this is
it it's from Riyadh so dear that's one
of my mom's favorite places to go she
said thank you Laila huh she said thank
you so much oh my god it's a hedgehog
way as a hedge a speedo it's mine now
Booga do me gig we just met up with the
homies lit up wait holla what's in your
ticket that easy bro
what a gang gang huh what the heck is I
say this for killing people you know I'm
saying you gotta represent for all the
people down to Brooklyn you know the
same I even talk to go they keep it up
man it was goodie man get their lap you
guys were about to do this in front of
slim and Nicky let's do it
I don't care about making a scene
I want them to come and think that you
did it
have another one wait you guys want it
if you guys wanna like it's what I still
do man I'm 24 years old and I still do
this trying to smell good you know I'm
Sam by the way do me yank slim is going
around this whole mall telling people to
hire him while he got face tattoos
tomorrow he's already getting funny
reactions everyone's like get the hell
out of here also guys they're doing a
little bit shopping over here trying to
go PC shopping I've wanted to keep in
slim because their PC nerds man and I'm
trying to you know get the game against
the streaming I know so every time I
night I can just chill and like talk to
you guys it's too much ice let's go I'm
a PC yeah all right hiren we got hired
nah man not now no man you're on a lot
about PC ABC SMB
it do began get it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoyed this
like you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey this is just a
start a prank week it begins today do me
yang so thumbs up and I'll see you guys
tomorrow 3 p.m.
let's do it peace I love you just know
what's been ready for you girl I can't
lie can't wait I put you on tonight cuz
I don't feel girl and on a real we'll be
doing the most tonight just you and I
girl
