hey stop your music I'm just putting
music not music hey guys what's up Numa
gang I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing morning so
if I'm having an amazing morning you all
should be having an amazing morning I am
just joking I am not having an amazing
morning I had seriously and one hours
sleep but I just woke up because I'm
going to get breakfast and I'm heading
to go meet up with Naz I haven't seen
her for two days I seen him in New York
City now we see him in Germany tomorrow
we were heading to Amsterdam I'm loving
this hotel so fancy and cool I got some
orange juice
some toast with eggs and cheese and
butter and a piece of chocolate this
should wake me up so let's see how it
goes so they finally let me check in the
hotel and I'm so so excited because I
could sleep and lay down in a bed right
here it is all for my Sami give you guys
a little tour of this Germany German era
that or not that was creepy but let me
give you guys a little tour of this
German room those starts off here this
is the bed well it has two double beds
in it but you can make it together make
it one whole huge bed or you can make it
two beds this is the view I have which
is really like I feel like I'm in like a
farm or something like that like cows
and zebras are about to come out of
nowhere but this place is dope they got
a little couch here a little apple you
know I'm saying the Big Apple I don't
know it looks like sparkling water but
European people always drink sparkling
water and it tastes so disgusting I hate
sparkling water I love regular water I
don't know about the TV or just like a
really old computer I don't know
bathroom is here but why does this tub
look like I like a like a time machine
like if you go in there you're gonna go
back to like 1876 and then my laptop
here the worst thing ever is up
like um what's up women
I come here um yet yeah they gave me
room okay huh impact you know is saying
the vlog has to upload and around 15,000
minutes bro that's like next month so
the Wi-Fi here is so so bad and pretty
much today's mission is to upload this
vlog I have about 8 9 hours to upload on
time also I wanted to sleep and like
have at least 3-4 hours of sleep but
this Wi-Fi issue is going to make it so
much worse and impossible so I have to
leave and go outside in a few and look
for Wi-Fi so I was walking through it
looking for Naza know we do have a city
boy just fellow with the homie nas none
of us got we literally got zero zero
sleep but we're gonna go outside we're
still looking for Wi-Fi for you guys
because we need to upload the vlog and
the video why do you guys have wigs on
yeah but yeah LM just like in bed what
is it like on what kind of like a play
it's an anime manga convention
oh nice are we on a sec as good waiting
for a taxi
we're going to Starbucks Starbucks stop
you don't know where Starbucks is it
should be these Starbucks no no
Starbucks it's wise miss Worsley
Starbucks also Street Street Street okay
is she is and is near the sensor but uh
you know Wi-Fi door in deutschland do it
George George Germany no shit man hey
you speak a little bit English
nein okay uh Wi-Fi no no Wi-Fi she's
kicking us out she tries new smoking
oh man back of it go back so that
scumbags coming this quick and I'll come
up huh air portions ever I report p.m.
come back what why should we leave
what's wrong so happens what are we
looking for Wi-Fi I feel like I could
speak however on what she won't know
what I'm saying she doesn't know what
we're saying so you ratchet girl you
look like Queen Elizabeth on crack I'm
roasting you girl you look like a female
version of George Washington so I can
say anything I want right on English and
she won't understand it but we're
heading to the airport right now going
to get Wi-Fi and the thing is about here
the dream and drivers whatever we pay by
like like the debit card or credit card
they go crazy mad at us and this lady
here is already mad at us because we
don't know anything in her language and
she doesn't know anything in Outland we
trying to communicate where but she's
going crazy on us
we'll see that
Viva
this is like so we're at the airport
again to look for Wi-Fi and we're
becoming so desperate that we're asking
random people if they like have a
hotspot Wi-Fi on their phones this guy's
asking please if you asking the blue or
I'm asking random people if they have a
hotspot on their phone Wi-Fi so I'll
blow something like this give hotspot
Wi-Fi and your phone do you have Wi-Fi
on your phone
why find a phone oh look it's like a
movie part where like you're doomed and
they are wearing the Starbucks there's
no Wi-Fi right here in your stomach they
don't have storm oh my gosh this is like
what the heck Adam come on 56 minutes I
swear to god this is 56 minutes you look
let's go 65 yeah I mean come on just
shower here
it's good
you
one up so seven minutes down here oh
here here comes in our 70s we got no say
I come to here comes it he's moving here
I put in him do we go
we found Wi-Fi we found Wi-Fi but it
says 112 minutes now before was 50
minutes
I was 107 minutes so we're gonna have to
stick around the airport for about two
to three hour guys guess what so we
found Wi-Fi so I actually bought Wi-Fi
for about 11 year olds right now and I
feel so accomplished I feel like a
zombie I didn't I get no sleep - oh so
say hi oh good I'm so high brain but the
Wi-Fi says 22 this is 22 minutes it's
the fastest Wi-Fi in Germany 22
oh man is one of 38 minutes but that's
still right 30 that's the fastest Wi-Fi
I said 22 minutes before I'm 33 and
Allah subrin jameelah this I feel so
accomplished I feel so like the success
the vlog is up am a channel video is up
the major not took about seven minutes
the vlog took about 30 40 minutes
altogether took about three or four
hours to look around if we didn't look
around or go anywhere it would have been
like little who could have had no vlog
no video for today no nothing and huge
shout-out to the homie homie Naz he
helped me a lot he was literally going
up to random people random changes and
telling them y'all to get Wi-Fi let's
get this to get that so I mean teamwork
makes the dream work
hey sing stop your trash Robin Robin it
stop your music I'm just putting music
not music I understand why I'm just
listening this is not
possible you can't assume cars and music
here a US attack see you sitting on your
couch on the address but not reach the
new cogs isn't it
sorry sorry hey I'm sorry I love you
kshitij the sisters I'm gonna sing like
in New York with the lettuce pop music
is not into singing German that Germany
is not possible you can do some magic
the rise in - on you can will about not
into cars
I didn't know that I'm sorry them yeah
no cars keep out cash without real card
we have no cash ready use cash
we always pay with card here we paid
before with card yeah it works American
I use this way some it's honest
so meet us now you have to do except to
yours that's why they charging to use
each other here
Thank You Man
man let's get his license-plate number
man I've never heard about the hitter
suit never in my life have I been
anywhere like this is the most rudest
people to be honest like today I'm not
judging this like country the city or
nothing but the people today were
absolutely rude like others before knew
I was letting him listen to the song
control and he bugged out on me the
other but before that with the lady we
spoke a little bit English we didn't
know I tried to take like Google
Translate she got annoyed and violated
my life like I feel so like a gun I also
had to go back to my girl I'm going back
I'm leaving Europe I come back to you
I'm sad like I got hurt like it
literally breaks my heart but thing is I
try to like stay positive but it truly
breaks my heart like it probably seems
funny to you guys but the truly breaks
my heart like like about yeah they
didn't want to take a car like how much
does have cash here only have dollars
man gosh I don't know something to do
I wouldn't mean to me that me Rosten if
you guys meet I'm leaving Amsterdam you
guys are mean I probably go back to New
York I'm never coming back everyone
I'm seeing this is a shitty finish that
means I love you
sheesh it is a success I can finally
sleep and wake up and public the vlog in
the main Channel video I'm gonna sleep
it out because I feel super hurt right
now and yeah I'll see you guys soon
and okay this would choose a sleigh
