hey God will subdue me King I hope you
all have an amazing day if I'm having
missing things so I'm having an amazing
day to Costco having an amazing day and
sucess Rhema and I give him a Missy all
I know you hey guys what's up ado me
gang I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing morning you guys
should be having an amazing morning
afternoon or whatever it is in your city
in your hometown I hope you guys having
a blessed day I love you guys so so much
and seriously I am so exhausted all
right now I've never been this tired
because I went from Germany all the way
here to New York City and I stayed in
New York City for about eight to nine
hours and I'm heading all the way back
to Vegas which is about a five six out
of flight I'm packing right now
literally just packed everything I just
changed I just moved the winter clothes
and just put summer clothes in there
because it can be really really hot in
Las Vegas for the big big fight of Aamir
Khan versus Canelo and getting a little
late I have to go meet up with someone
with cost at the airport so I'll see you
guys at the airport I am at the airport
I just met up with a homie slim and what
cost
aka slick ha
aka fladam and I don't know what the
three slut at or I'm not gonna it is 6
a.m. right now we're exhausted the only
person I got sleep is what cause because
he's asleep at home he doesn't sleep
okay see this gate with one of these
upload a prank today and then I
mentioned I mentioned the word go right
so when I measure the bar everyone
questioning what Kasich won't you go you
never know who's the rule go here I
don't know we'll see
stay tuned I'm gonna get naked get it
I'm going to get missions we're about to
get naked we make is the juice and we're
gonna get some shag burgers then after
that we're gonna head to clean so
hopefully it turns out and we have a
safe safe life just got done eating
we're heading to Vegas now we love Vegas
Vegas we're gonna see you guys in a few
and happy Cinco DeMayo tuoma Mexican
doom is out there happy Cinco de Maya to
you guys it's gonna be a crazy crazy
boxing fight and I cannot wait it's
literally gonna be like British people
there and make Mexican people there and
Pakistani people there and Mexican
people there that means sort of like the
only many people probably there
what's up man up - homie question he's
the Canelo fan but we're going for
marathon so tell us tell us your two
reasons why cannot be thinking I was
good
I think his speed has gotten much better
working out working out late foot speed
as I remove it and he's just so strong
strong Amir Khan hopefully Charlie each
shocks the world may seven give me a
nice fight give me like just give me a
nice entertaining fight so I see how we
go
we'll see you guys so we're in the
airport of Vegas about to get our
baggage baggage cream and I'm so so mad
because our air B&B it's a large large
home and have to check in at 2 p.m.
parsnip we landed here at 10:30 a.m. so
we have around the 4-hour wait three
four-hour wait here in the airport so
we're just going to chill around you are
gonna do until I head to the air B&B I
guess guys I'm waiting here for three
hours and so we check in to the a and B
so that's that's only I realize I'll be
she's my she's one of my crushes
welcome to Los
okay so since we gotta wait a couple
hours we're gonna do this ready to do so
are we gonna go on the casino I'm gonna
tell I'm gambling okay you're gonna see
your fish on my phone I'm gonna send it
to my dad I'm gonna give you what my dad
says my dad's gonna bug out because he
told me before I came here it's like you
know nothing's mm man I don't like
Barack I'm never gonna be like that Oh
exactly same thing Oh Vegas housing a
bad name like America but it's not Vegas
has a lot of other stuff other than you
know stuff like whenever I go to Vegas
for a boxing fight take the picture it's
making even worse and crazier I'm gonna
take the picture with this on this makes
it crazy so we do it right over here so
I gave it to me in
Oh does go bugger
so I just sent my dad the picture of me
can't really see o of me he pretending
to gamble and I've typed this Baba I'm
in Vegas with the game only pings I'm
just waiting for his text let's see what
he says yo so my dad replied he said
what the f are you doing
I stopped on the head Eric sibling I
drove in Arabic look what I said he said
what the fuck yo I'll be like I'll be
like I made Emily I mean I made five
hundred thousand he's gonna forget let's
see who he says identified again he said
voila he was Thomas a swear to God
there's a take off the hat you don't eat
cuz I got this big voices with the fish
that's somebody instead of I think I'll
just be like I'm just joking
I love Evan he's gonna bug out tell her
my mom's gonna call me we just got our
hops here in Vegas we did not get a
whole time I think in a huge huge home
because nas the homies are coming
through go being a huge take you guys to
a little tour I know it feels great
living like out of state and like being
like a house like this click on quiet
peaceful I can vlog I can screen him
again yeah buddy
I can just like do all that make videos
here I can bring up my family here so
yeah I am thinking you know I'm thinking
twice about moving out of New York City
a lot of you guys were telling me to
stay in New York but I don't know I'm
still thinking I'm still decide about
let me tell you guys on this dope dope
house tour it starts over here going in
to the path way more success so first
you go in this the first living room we
have one living room right here
couches it's dope these flowers are so
good I love flowers man seriously
so the cuz it's the kitchen huge huge
kitchen this is so dope magic this is
really my house this would be so sick
this would be so sick I can make so many
vlog footage so many every girl this is
living room number two with the TV my
mom would love this especially the
kitchen big hedge your mom loves
kitchens over here
is the balcony like how dope is backing
is I can have like my shisha right there
just chillin no bringing the homies
bringing even bring you guys over to my
house we just have a little chill out
you know I'm saying look so dope
then we're going to go in here go to the
rooms gonna go all the way to the rooms
this is a room number one got one bed
this is I don't know what this is but
this is the washing machine laundry room
over here is another room over here is a
bathroom hello over here is another room
and we'll cuz the other is training are
you training yeah let me see you back in
schools going you know what
show me for punches quick one city boy
oh well that's up to justice
okay okay I go let's go how much can you
a lot too doesn't go okay when America
gets tired in the fight we're gonna call
you out cuz you look like him - so
you're gonna be a stunt double
how does that get it okay this is them
right here yeah is room this is another
bathroom and that is that is pretty much
it and we're heading to the over cuz we
can go eat we are in the city of Vegas
um looks beautiful well about Vegas
makes me feel like our Florida New York
fashion everything makes you feel like
you're in Paris because I have this
iPhone tower thing it makes it feel like
you're in every city every state harmony
should know really going contemporary we
came over here to swim picked up Sophia
and I've been walking up tired I got no
sleep so I'm taking Will Shortz yeah you
ready to attack show you guys for
building this trip already
from Allegiant Air crow from Fresno
that's what just got a haircut
and I'm so so mad because they mess up
my whole hair you guys probably notice
it but my hairline is crooked this was
at this time I'm serious
my beard they completely messed up my
whole head the back of my head they
weren't so rough on it that it's so bad
but I don't know if you guys can see it
but they completely messed up my head
this is why I hate going to barber shops
out of New York City they're just really
really bad but it's all good I'm about
to get a manicure I'm not I haven't got
one for a while cos is already getting
his keeping his nails fresh bitch you
put a pink nail polish yeah pink of it
huh pink
someone's gonna fire cut right now I'm
liking it yes you can see like a line
right there they're gonna fade it in
there
what's good hey Jana and I'm gonna try
my best to give a good American accent
okay what do anything I got it to the
best employee at Jack okay okay oh you
were there
hey Jana is the best employee in
jack-in-the-box
it was I'm good okay yeah um what I got
I got an American um would you already
said this is this big Nolan what'd you
say um I want a cheeseburger fries I
want a cheeseburger with fries on the
side take that first look at yes I'm so
good okay she thinks I'm British and
that I'm doing American accent I am do
me gang it is time to wrap up this vlog
I hope you all enjoyed this life did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey feels so amazing being like and
like my own house and stuff like I'm
still thinking twice about literally
moving out in New York City coming up
coming out to my own place with a huge
huge house look so so dope and I don't
know but yeah so today was basically
just like a it's like a get ready day
for the fight night of the finite
tomorrow is going to be the the get
prepared and get steady way in the way
in tomorrow and you're gonna see them
you know to the muscles way in and then
Saturday is gonna be the fight night
crazy finite crazy day and I'm gonna
take you all with me then after that I'm
gonna be in Vegas for 3-4 days so I'm
gonna take you guys out and little
adventures in Las Vegas there's
something called dinner in the sky you
can have dinner in the sky about like a
couple thousand feet high you're
literally having dinner in the sky i'ma
show you guys a picture right here you
guys let me know if I should do that
thumbs up if you guys want me to do that
and vlog it other than that I'll take
you guys on the journey with me thank
you so much looming for your love and
support
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
pitch I like
yay
I'm here for you always a favor
I'm strapped full tooth then he wipe
them away and okay this what chuza say
