hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all you should be
having in the wall you say what up hey
alright come on yeah come on man driving
that way we're here we're heading to the
big big big day today well it is not the
big day stop the wedding
it is what do you call it hundred I'm
like a small party so yeah as eczema
party with Arabs we turn up months
before the wedding so it should be fun
and I'm so so excited literally every
single one of my nieces and nephews my
brothers and sisters will be there and
it's gonna be amazing just the whole
family tree you guys seen every person
is gonna be there and many many more
people who's gonna come through and show
their love and support so thank you guys
for coming through I should be fun
that's G huh go we know you're there
yeah you anim√©es mason suzani you're so
sweet you so modest man I love him am i
choke him up oh my god so we have iced
caramel latte iced caramel mocha iced
mocha latte I don't know you I just said
it so wrong and I have an egg and cheese
and my older brother has like so many
rules in this Carla you can't eat
because it's like he loves this card you
can't eat you can't drink you can't
breathe you can't what are your rules
you can't eat you can't move around
can't drink
Thomasson so guess what I might do about
to eat and drink you my iced caramel
latte
what is up Jim man what's up Sam
boy style I let you guys look nice do
not have my suit on because there's
gonna be two entrances at my shoulder
here backstage so there's gonna be two
entrances one entrance was like a
Moroccan theme like Alchemy's like say I
don't know he said and then the second
the second entrance is us going in with
our like suits and stuff like that so it
shouldn't go great guys ready yes yeah
user was here just got done praying I'm
gonna put on my phone first and after
that is my soup which is somewhere I
don't know somewhere around here oh
we're backstage we're chilling backstage
so should go great ready was that the
most awkward thing ever is that we're
going and it's gonna be like all woman
all there's no men's side like that so
it'd be the most awkward for my little
brother he's gonna go like this like it
Tina is looking beautiful
haha what's wrong with you you look nice
oh yeah what's gonna go inside these
nothing rings is it open it yeah who
hold these I don't know but if you drop
the ring and you like yeah Camaro is a
DJ DJ Loza and photographer now hey that
like the mic Oh easy does it
this is dope to shout out to shoot him
she's trying to pull me on the spot make
me like do something yes
I'll think of something I don't know
what I'm gonna do it oh my god
my own like a girly girl come on social
yeah this is really nice out what it was
bad this is my part one you guys gonna
see my pursue later
what is it okay ninja College is the
best don't have a player hey bless up
yeah poor osa how does it get rose
around absent applause heroes to you oh
ho ho
my name is Adam is Jonathan you're gonna
be it's just not me yeah no I'm not I
missed one brother my name is Johnny do
you call me Bubba I is the guy type of
blah blah see other Adam has longer hair
me little ecology see the other guys has
a bigger beard oh yeah he's Johnny my
name is Johnny Bravo yep I'm with the
homie we just walk down with the homie
Sammi and it's uh yeah you guys did I
she's shy she shot you guys you guys do
not know he is part of the Addams Family
you just never seen before and it's like
who was Johnny stop please huh
she's part of the Adam found Adams
ratchet family but she's never seen
before now you gots finalisation tribute
to Tupac and I'm okay junior Tupac once
told me to keep my head up I keep on
getting fed up of the super Tremec at
the Creta I've seen people steal and
I've seen people drug deal so many
menaces to society it brings anxiety and
sobriety see in discussing that kids
don't make a change but they ain't no
age limit range so get off your for
approval with you're going to you got no
one to blame not no shame only care
about Fame the revolution has came ml/kg
died in the middle was raining so many
victims like a named Eric garner Michael
Brown Freddie gray I can name my mom it
didn't want to brawl bullets at example
this police brutality is rapidly
increasing it's a tragedy but reality
getting separated from their families
just because the Russians came my name
is Sammy Nasser I'm MC not a rapper Oh
half of it homie and out of it as I know
the ratchet family is matching is
how do you know I can either let I'm
school you voted on yourself
yeah and I was in poetry and this is not
what you gotta memorize every day ya do
this what did it do to die today a
minute or two to two I think it's really
hard to say you're harder still to do
come ability to of 22 right it's at a
decided to to the general coming here
the German minute to 222 do today at you
what did you to do what did you say
question is boy though lock in the door
I'm in here in this room all alone and
there's like so many stuff here but I
feel like I can get ready here it's time
to get ready because I'm walking in the
aisle literally right now with this on
this is the first walk in I'm doing and
I never go to weddings last time I went
to wedding was about maybe like last
August but before that once the wedding
was like eight years ago which is my
like brothers my sisters brothers
wedding I don't know I never got a
wedding so I don't know why I just get
so awkward well which is not great was
how it goes I was literally just taking
pictures and just chilling right now
everyone takes two three hours ago and
didn't take me five minutes to get ready
so I shouldn't be that big a video we're
gonna carry the bride like this like a
big dope thing oh I wish you guys could
see it is so dope but what's the Apple
goes I finally got a lot we have the
homie Mawson he's so cute he wants a hug
me he's so cute
he like a door when he smells so so good
it smells better than why you looks you
guys okay how are you guys gonna walk
show me show me how you guys gonna walk
Wow good job what is it
how are you gonna walk my son how you
gonna walk show me come walk come on
don't walk like that no no no Dina how
you gonna walk no no please don't do it
up please don't do that
don't don't walk like don't walk like
this walk like you're a human being
yeah Missy why you walking like oh my
gosh
we are ready to go yeah buzz cat-boy
we're about to walk in this is no Star
Trek I'm under some jumping jacks
they're all quiet for me they have to go
sit out of the room they have to go to
the other room and change what keep
crying okay but watch how mad he gets
when I went on a hug Dena not him he
comes into Tina look look look at him
what are you doing he's pushing me
okay okay I'll give you a hug it's gonna
be just walked in and it was great oh oh
they're taking us we had to we had to
basically pick up the ride like and I'm
rocking my liking like a huge chair then
kinda yeah like I love it
oh my god hey Leila glad I let you pick
up I can imagine carpets I'm like that
was so dope so crazy I'm so nervous
thank you to everyone who came out there
and showed my love I was I was trying to
dance how Kim starts workin bouncing I
don't wanna embarrass what was so cool
Moses Ark right it was so hot there I
don't know how you guys how you ladies
do it standing there like oh now I have
to change from this outfit to the soup
oh my oh my gosh
hold my hand what am i doing Michelle's
man good job
finally thumbs up from Austin for
finally holding my hand say thumbs up
say yeah that was all he knows is he
didn't he put his thumb up Moses a
thumbs up
why is he wandering like he's getting
pushed
what is hey you wanna fight you can't
touch me whoop you can't touch a do me
game you can't touch us you missed you
missed me you missed me now you gotta
kiss me oh hi what are you guys talking
about huh wow what do you guys talk
from our parents hi how you doing no
good he's lucky LZ
so he's too old he's won and he's ready
so bad oh did I give a big hug doesn't
answer good
he's over watching it okay oh why are
you leaving
don't go Hamas a muscle
how do you fight huh it's pushing what
are you doing on
wait oh wait why you pushing me what did
I do to you what's wrong
you want to fight I'm gonna fight you do
the hitting me for no reason
stop hitting me okay okay okay what's up
guys
we are ready every I don't know is you
know knows anyone we're just ready to go
in this is the second son Conan was
gonna carry my key carry home when is
him so we just got done walking out once
again and it was crazy we had danced oh
my god
how do you guys feel so energized Oh
Raja now I feel hungry or thirsty and
I'm so mad because look topless out
there all getting food we didn't get
nothing wrong nothing we didn't get
nothing at home we're you know chocolate
weighing in okay I'm singing them I
don't care this woman I'm sneaking up
yeah Charlie I'm going to go Chuck I'm
gonna go I'm shot I'm just gonna happen
undeserving but Nancy's give me some
chocolate oh this is good wedding food
or whatever mood like this if we stop
all right Gina disease you're doing
about six below ah nice even Oh what is
this man weddings are crazy are waiting
I'm just making like three minutes I
yell what's up I do we in there I don't
know why do the crazy how many times you
go to wedding a month he might be goes a
lot I was done guys to go that how many
nietzermann's four times a week yeah man
four times a week in the last like a
week and how many times here a month a
month one one I still a lot okay oh do
me again get it's time to wrap up this
blog I'm gonna be wrapping up the vlog
here it was a long long night I spent a
lot of it with my family I couldn't vlog
in there I wasn't allowed to
so sorry friending outside I'm heading
home I got a headache I have two videos
well this blogs gonna be up and a prank
video that not sent me the prank he did
on me is up so make sure you go to it
talk Turkey give it go extra turkey
because once he gets thirty thousand
times up I'm gonna post the crazy prank
I did on him like it was why it was well
the one I got on him so thank you guys
so much my love and support make sure
you get this by the thumbs up and go
Turkey
take care or pics hello
you
