I have to go okay
hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day then you should be having
a super-duper amazing day I am here with
the homie moss and I'm spending my last
few moments with him before I had to
Europe right now for the Amsterdam and
Rotterdam events I'm so so excited I'm
gonna be leaving for a while for about
three about three weeks I want me back
to like three weeks because I'm going
from Europe all the way to Vegas for the
boxing fight then from Vegas to can't go
in for a little five-day chill out so
it's going to be awhile five days in
Europe and then a week in in Vegas for
the biggest fight of Americana in the
Canelo and then five days in Cancun so I
won't be back to like three weeks and oh
my god I so so long I'm so so so sad but
I'm also so excited because it's gonna
be a lot of different cool types of logs
but I promise you guys I will try my
best to try to come back here I don't
know even if it's for like a couple
hours and I'll head back I want to see
my family for at least one day
throughout this whole three weeks that
I'm away so yes yes are you gonna miss
me you're not I love you so much
I'm gonna miss you say awesome keep me
updated with pictures I promise out of
these three weeks I'll try to come at
least one day I'll try I don't know how
yep I'll try okay take am that your
mouth let me see your gap update on the
gap okay give me five
good bye bye Momsen thymosin must have
to go look I have to go okay
don't cry don't cry I'm gonna come back
listen I'm gonna come back I'm gonna
come back here I'm gonna come back I'm
gonna come back baby
we're gonna come back I promise give me
kiss I'm gonna come back I promise you
look look at me again look Muhsin look
look at me I love you you're amazing
I got you I got us they will not mess
with you
anyone who messes with you they mess
with me I ride for you I'll die for you
you're amazing
just know that okay now say cheese get
in my smile
say cheese give those mouse a cheese yes
I love the smell give me cos big kiss on
the cheek because grab on the cheek good
job yeah take care right I'm gonna leave
right hazel fishes I don't don't good we
seen you for so long I'm gonna be out
I'm leaving for a while so I'm gonna
miss you know have a good trip
thank you gonna miss me yeah we're going
to miss you I'm good how much you miss
me a lot a lot a lot a lot then thank
you I'm not a lot teeth do you know my
sneakers you want to wear them
yeah like today today after only after
one we can work easy
you're gonna go out be careful some
people they steal it from you nobody
shame you sure the rabbit of you I'm
serious it's expensive see they're gonna
nobody bother me there was your money I
kill him but I guess it no good boy bye
bye
got it all beep say sub Kunda
they're gonna make memes out of your
face
he's sad cuz I'm leaving him he knows
I'm leaving because he sees my luggage
okay i'ma lead to the other room what
are you doing here
are you everywhere you know what I'm
gonna leave the other room I'm leaving
too this room what I know what we're
gonna leave tomorrow going tomorrow
Clausen know what I'm going to the
bathroom
come on sis bathroom
oh my gosh okay you know what go to the
living room
he's so sad I'm marina I am in the uber
right now heading to the airport and I'm
about to post a blog because it's around
3 p.m. we get a postive lock in the uber
because I have no time and I'm sure I
want to show you guys when I go through
like what youtubers go through what I go
through I got it turn out of my house my
wife I open my laptop public it release
on Twitter upload it and it's just takes
a lot of work but you guys always go
Turkey on it so it's always worth it so
I'm put it up and I'll see you guys soon
I just got to the airport and I am all
alone and lonely the Big Apple I'm
leaving New York City I am so alone but
sometimes it's good to be alone because
I feel like whenever I have my long time
I get to focus and think and be creative
and all like the creative ideas that I
have it just comes to my mind like it's
good to have a long time sometime you
know I'm always around a lot of people
most of the time and it's good to have
your own privacy at some point but I'm
gonna miss the homies slim and what cost
I'm gonna see them in Las Vegas in a
couple of days so it should be a fun
journey I'm gonna take you guys with me
I'm looking for something to eat out
even a little bit honk excuse me you
know any place to go eat I'm hungry too
cool I'm not only in New York a box yeah
I think in the flight I'm the only New
Yorker everyone else is European they
always stare at me like I'm some kind of
like alien today they know like I'm
America so they look at me like so weird
and it gets so awkward but they're cool
you guys are cool in Europe you guys
cool this is the worst terminal there's
literally nothing to go eat nothing here
so I finally found a place to eat
all Europe I'm surrounded by all
European
you're up where you're from where you're
from
huh my Neverland nice I'm going there
going to Amsterdam yeah hey California
that's totally what Ana yeah and it's
like legit I'm the only I'm like
surround I'm alone I'm alone I'm alone I
do my yoga what's up how are you gonna
sit sit up okay this is the weirdest
here I don't what's your name my cha oh
nice
hi guys do you guys doing good nice to
meet you guys hello you guys want some
cake
you wash your videos they do say what's
up to the vlog say hi
where you guys from Netherlands ladies
I'm going there too so I just got done
eating I happen to like the most awkward
thing just happened so two people
spotted me and literally around all
those European people and then everyone
is looking like why is why are these
people taking a picture with me and I
got so off because I'm eating and
everyone is staring so someone comes up
and the like what's your name like yeah
what do you do and I'm like oh my name
is Adam and I'm a youtuber so he went
back to town he looked up my name and
then he started screaming oh my god he's
got a million subscribers then they
started saying something in Dutch to me
and all I was saying was like a
California a California and they came to
take a picture and someone else looked
it up but someone else asked him like
what is it the oh he got a million
subscribers I'm like well Mike what the
hell is this it was so so awkward
everyone kept staring at me and I was
literally right in the middle while I
was eating my freaking cake and chips
and everything they're just staring at
me like I felt like it was so like okay
DMV so so weird but it's all good
everyone was so nice my dutch homies you
guys were so so cool every time I leave
for a flight I'm always on the phone for
like an hour long I come an hour early
and I stay on the phone for Allah I call
my mom
I call my sister my other sister my
other sister I'll call my older brother
I I can't call my little brother I just
like send him my love and I'll call my
dad
I called slim a Colo cos and I just tell
them like my semester that what's up and
I just give him like a nice little cute
message like he always got a you know
family first family you always gotta
make family first call them show them
your love even when you're traveling
outside make sure you always call them
because trust me your family
it's always worried for you whenever HR
and my family's always word for me so
that's why I was calling them and showed
them my support love cuz they called me
I showed them their support mile up to
me so I got a do the same I'm with the
homie and we clear I say what's up so
I'm sorry
he's from New York but he lives in
Switzerland now moving into it we have a
nice seat in the front
I don't know so nice people Europe like
a nice and good we're in America very
nice
more opening she that's why he loves
extracellular the bounce and bounce and
left us with Danny art is that we love
the Swiss on because you found what come
on happy tea girls girls down the happy
ttttt I know man
Dominican House India happy team is mala
of an Arabic okay yeah my love have you
funds have you to is going back to
Europe and we are your better we have
albums play out and all our first o
crazies
right there so we got to watch the video
I like to talk because we're like here's
an emergency except anything happens
this door opens we're out of here where
the first out meeting which was a
trilogy
recommend that you have informal yeah
I've been there six years now do you
know Gemma love all over me no hey love
Stevie she sure made a new friend
in the fight so got a nobody knows where
the heck
am i I thought I was landing in
Amsterdam but guys I'm in Germany and
I'm lost
no one here speaks English but me I'm
trying to speak English to the German
people but no one is cooperating just
found out that I'm landing in Germany
that I'm staying in Germany and we're
going to Amsterdam from Germany tomorrow
morning and I did had no clue I thought
I was connecting flight from Germany to
s them so this is just like this is
confusing I feel lost like I didn't know
I'm supposed to go to incident and say a
California but I'm here saying ich liebe
dich taxi I don't even know the hotel
now that I'm at a confusing name NOS
coming in about six seven hours to
Germany I thought we were meeting up in
Amsterdam but he's coming to Germany so
I got to go to the hotel and go back I
don't know what's going I don't taxi
touching
damn you
sleep addition distributed I am going to
c√°ceres war Sartre be ha no ma ah nah
more number a catharsis was Robbie ya
get my number
no ma no Maura no Maura no Maura for ROC
Spanish dirty del Oro's new children
like qaeda sveti vlas here
I finally found out where the heck to go
and I'm here at the hotel they're not
letting me check in because I'm super
super early and I have to wait it out I
guess I'm gonna be sleeping on this
couch and I'm gonna be ending the vlog
here and I'll see you guys in I'll see
you guys tomorrow I'm waking up in a
couple hours to go pick up Naz and then
it should be a nice crazy crazy day I
hope you guys enjoy live if you did make
sure give it a thumbs up and go Turkey -
oh my German peeps Stevie stole my head
- the Dutch homies a California at all
my Americans British people I love you -
my Spanish people they are muchas all my
Arabic people just an abacus or my Daisy
people Medusa PR kept all my Bengali
people I mean - Marco Vela budgie - oh
my just anything love well I see you
guys tomorrow
thumbs up do me gang thank you for so
much for coming on this ride with me
because you ride with me you flap with
me thank you guys so much I'll see you
guys tomorrow people here think I'm
really really weird and they're being
extra mean to me because I'm vlogging
but it's all good it's for you guys so
you guys tomorrow do me check your herb
I like I'm here for you
always a feather I'm strapped full today
let me write them away okay
this would choose a sleigh
