that's how many good thumbs up immense
kisses hey guys what's up adieu me gang
I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having a SuperDuper amazing day I'm
running late right now so I need to go
meet up with some more cos all the way
and Brooklyns I'll see you guys and if
you take a fast and fast lane when they
happen now I try to imagine and help her
it's gonna be alright I just got here to
Brooklyn and I thought I was running
late but I'm not slimmin Wilcox they're
the ones were super late and they keep
messing around me calling me telling me
they're here but they're not I'm
literally right here in Berkeley Marcus
and so I'm gonna go guess I'm gonna eat
waiting something to trigger a little
coffee I'm gonna come back but the
funniest thing happened today before I
left Mouse my dad was trying to put on
my Easy's and go out with it I'm like
dude like what I just got them have you
even wore them and he was like no no no
to me it's mine
that's it I'm gonna take it for me I'm
like that we go I just got it why trying
to wear for me he literally took it put
it on his shoe
it didn't fit him it was too big on him
and he's still trying to like go out it
doesn't even know what is easy
he just likes the way they are and I
told him to like expensive sneakers
since this he thinks since you know it's
expensive sneakers he wants to wear them
and go out with it and like pretends
he's a punk
I mean out of all I'm the big boss I'm
just joking you're the big boss daddy
dude a big big do me gank king I just
met up with the homies worker say what
up and slam they took so so long but I
give them a pass because Slim is an
idiot evil I don't know why that he
didn't illegal u-turn and he got a
summons and this is what you guys were
putting on OC before the looters but we
can't arrest him but now he got summons
we're gonna head somewhere to go eat so
hopefully turns out great after one hour
for looking for parking we finally found
parking we're about to go to some steak
right now we're eating at the hell out
steak spot now accosted is here I got me
some mashed potatoes it looks like I see
I'm ready to eat it
some sour guys stay at the home with
right they say what's up man I gotta get
ready for some steak I don't know hi how
are ya
oh my god Oh Alex Oh Chris grew up in
here yeah is it hot when you hold it
someone's listening jigs album while
eating said some got the normal we are
gonna that this is one of the only
allows pods as stake in Brooklyn - it's
so good it's so big in the Charter and
then mashed potatoes that looks like a
seed so the Eagle awesome
you got some it dominated all my steak
what God's City nothing you told me
about the spot right without you know
I'd eliminate all having never eaten my
what he drops boy the needs driving you
slimy turbo so I'm I love you bro
you think that ago you liked this vide
mystery do you call me out you see I
have a message whenever like I'm in the
room so I bet know your site live here
you know Lucky's a sloppy sloppy eater
most of eats more neater than yeah I'm
never doing I'm sure is good for you so
they gave us dessert on the house
snapchatter what's up
so what you doing I'm out you chat out
2008 we got so much like about to get
luck back some summers think there's
something I'm doing it about I think
like that yeah like a few gun Oh what's
your name um Saima that's the mirror
she's like on she
and she's crazy about you she's like you
I thank you guys so much I love you why
do you keep playing peekaboo stop oh my
god this dude plays peekaboo like
everyday okay oh oh whoa what's up yeah
boy look we have to look at your gap we
have to stay updated with your gap
because they need to know it okay say
cheese cheese open your mouth hey cheese
don't hit me don't don't
right there the gap is about a
centimeter and a half long you guys are
updated you guys need to know how big
his gap is because you guys need to know
that and if not it's gonna be issues
right yeah yes you just said yes he's
shy
to the know what to do ah
don't hit me why do you hit me why do
you stuff why why don't don't stop
hitting stuff give it to me game kiss
big kiss big kiss big kiss big kiss
because that's already good thumbs up
messes kisses you love them that much
yes no you don't love them
boss why you give them kisses and why
are you hitting me
what is up adieu me gang so I just got
home I had a really short day I had to
get ready yourself because I'm leaving
to Amsterdam in a few so should go great
and I'm so so excited for Amsterdam and
Rotterdam I have never been to Rotterdam
so someone was calling me today I've
changed my number like while ago and I
do not know how people who are still
getting my number but someone called me
they left me a couple voice messages on
my phone I'm a react to it now I already
listened to once I'm gonna react to it
again there's three messages by the way
from unknown that's the first one
hello hello sounds American hello Adam
no sounds British again why not me I
know sounds American Adam no sounds I
don't know man
no sounds American I won't have your
babies Adam from the UK no I'm American
I've never English accent Adam Adam is
mum I don't know if it's one person or
two people I don't know again so I'm
scared of what you know now I know
you're the 9 decent conversation yeah if
I'm some long journey there's everything
hurts to you actually say hi if you
don't just say hi we would say hi you
make their summer day all right that was
the first one this is the second one hi
Adam is your biggest fan in London UK
and my name is always are if you should
at least look like to know what's up you
know because I'm your biggest fan
will your your kitchen will in my walls
I even got your name tattooed on my book
Botox for me and I would love to you
know have a cookie with you all right
what would love to you know
the Christian movie oh I'm okay even a
little bit short but still we should do
this as you I'm not short I'm average
height that's what my doctor said we
should do this and have your baby the
hard way obviously my dad would love to
meet you you know you've gotta go to the
wireless Edina Virginia all day every
day so yeah I get back to my get back to
me as soon as you can
thanks for picking me to voicemail
you're not a good person so I love you
love you so much with go back to mine I
have another one more voice message this
is the total sorry again
she's like a middle voice I ballast you
then a wiring during all my will slaps
and so when it's not you don't like me
and I'm I love you to come to mums in
let me take you to the London Eye you
know maybe I've seen at the shard your
pain can be figured you're more mature
than I am yeah we should literally get
married than that over and what's your
twilight how many people Enders tripling
the mighty she's also by the way I'm
Yemeni to you by the way just so that
you know okay
she's re you come on an unknowing xen me
folded shut up with those anyway sighs
unless and i'ma let me know when you
want to talk to me in it so cuz I could
be an explosion and we would be shank I
don't even know half the things this
person that said but seriously make my
day because maybe laughs I got make so
confused I was just laughing like I was
literally dying left for me but I don't
know but whatever it is hi and yeah we
should do a coma fight girl fight she's
ups so tuned that curls for me I'm not
sure wanted to share that with you cuz I
was so confusing is so weird
like I thought I was rude but I want to
hear that voice message girl you was
weird that is pretty much it for the
voicemail but I do have some exciting
news coming really really soon so I'm so
so excited tell you
all I'm gonna say is have some pictures
and have some videos ready because it's
gonna help out with this I'm so so
excited
ready for this huge announcement I
really hope you guys like it and I can't
wait I've been working with it for the
past I believe here so hope you guys are
ready for other than that I'll see you
go than that
you guys got 30,000 thumbs up on the
last prank so it will be up this the
prank I did on oz the crazy wild one
will be up tomorrow at 3 p.m. tomorrow
at 3 p.m. Eastern Time it is a crazy
prank that I pulled I'm not easy so this
one's gonna move up the reason why I say
I'm prank I'm unbreakable because I got
him back so good that it takes to be the
prank he got on me and the prank I got
on him is a prank it's a legit prank and
you guys gonna see it and YouTube's got
wild it so I really hope you guys enjoy
it I have to edit it and fix it up and
post a few guys tomorrow
so I'll see you guys tomorrow do me hang
I'm so sorry this box kind of short but
I got a lot of stuff to work on and I'll
- I'm taking you guys with me on this
whole journey so hope you guys already
do me I I love you
take care peace I like and give this
back thumbs up and go
I'm here for you always in favor I'm
sure that let me write them
away okay miss what you say
