this is what I always do when I get
brand-new sneakers sorry you have to see
this but gonna kiss it I'm gonna lick it
hey guys what's up it do me dang I hope
y'all having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
a super positive day today I am so so
exhausted from last night's crazy Arab
wedding party I don't know Hannah
whatever was my room was a total mess I
do not even want to show you guys my
room I'm heading to Hamza's house
because I have a package over there to
open I don't know if you can open it in
this vlog or if I'm gonna open it in
tomorrow's vlog so I'm gonna take you
guys with me remember when I said we are
going house shopping me my whole family
we're gonna be looking for new houses
and stuff here in the New York City area
stuff like that so the thing is this is
what it is art I want to stay in New
York I do not want to leave New York I
do not want to leave the five boroughs
but my mom is like no the houses here
are so so like they're so expensive and
they're like small but she said if you
go out of state like what Florida or
California or Michigan I don't know and
they're like there's just so cheap but
the houses are so huge like mansions and
some of you guys are expecting me to get
like a mansion in New York City I
mentioned inner city is like a billion
dollars but regular house is here in New
York are like millions millions millions
of dollars and i'ma show you guys an
example okay so this is a house in New
York City says ten almost 11 million
dollars as five bedrooms and five
bathrooms this is a house in Dearborn
Michigan with the same amount rooms five
bedrooms but just only two bathrooms
we're good with two bathrooms aren't we
all can freakin use the bathroom
together but it costs two hundred and
nineteen thousand the New York one cost
10 million Florida it's nine bedrooms
nine four three hundred forty nine
thousand seven for this much amount and
then when you go to go to California
California has six bedrooms and for six
hundred and nineteen thousand so my mom
was telling me Adam you're the boss
you need to make the decision and do
what you want what you want to do you
want to get an average house here in New
York like an average house like bigger
than we have right now but not like a
mansion type or do you want to get like
a mansion type house somewhere out of
the state and to be honest I want to
just go in a place where I can give the
best content give the best vlog give the
best videos do the craziest funnest
things and also have when I have a
family that I want to have like nice
like space a nice room a nice floor for
like you know like you know I'm saying
about my own future life you know how
does it but like I don't know what to do
so I'm asking you guys what do you think
I should I stay in New York City and
just get an average normal house or
should I leave New York City and get a
huge house for me I don't mind I don't
care about a huge house nothing I don't
mind being in a house leave an apartment
and going to house so I do not know what
to choose let me know in the comments
below and we will see it's a reasonable
house in New York or a huge house out of
New York you tell me in the comments
below thank you thank you thank you man
so I just got here to Hamza and hide his
house and the crazy thing is Hamza is
not here he's as cousins house so he
left me all the Lord with Jen man
let me unload this my purpose why do you
want that to leave me yeah Hamza is that
true yeah - are you not lying you look
for my purpose because you want to see
are you just are you just saying that so
I can love you more
beyond it be honest he went there
because of cuddle with a better cry
because he does not like no wedding so
I'm just left over but I got the package
here and package is I don't know it's
not that big it's not that small but
it's something I don't know if I should
open it it says adidas on it don't know
why but let's see what it is I don't
know what it is but a huge shout out to
the homie Moby for sending this much
much love I'm gonna open it up and I'm
gonna see
what it is I don't know I'm just opening
our wait it's heavy for sweater in the
pants
what is this a heavy said yeah it's
heavy I believe lumpy let's go go out
and eat and take a walk and we'll think
about it and we'll come back and see if
we're gonna open or not
let's go prank shoes it's kind of chilly
today I don't win his chili and it's
almost made hey I hate it when it's a
rainy day I was like yo get out the
white and I'm just hope we're here we're
bout to get let me look at it first
didn't I see I'm not even gonna show you
guys I about you know what I what is
your Nike si si si
well like why you what uh Japan this is
leave we don't know how the hurt run
away because won't eat yeah pizza I'm
hungry I'm sub like mom
thank you so much would it be the black
say what up to the buck hi guys doing
shut up you shut up don't be shy huh
she's being so shy she's a nice meteor
we are going to go get something to eat
not only when I hear that I'm with the
home was her name
bow down Gor now I'm with the homie
Garnell he never liked ride a hoverboard
so I'm we let him try for the first time
he thinks it's easy but it's not it's
really really hard to perfect ready he's
ready to do this he's very good wanna
kick gonna going are you gonna pack turn
her one leg up one leg here keep up to
the edge right away
come
Oh
Oh
me
well we'll kill yourself one name nada
get yourself God if you let me beat up
the ball born in bones and I do design
I'm a percussion I'm a crazy profession
look I can show some trigger
I won't see him do it cause he will him
yeah see I wanna make I don't want to
make you feel bad because he's seven I
get you're smarter than us they are they
have to take on whoo all right guys so I
just posted a snapchat saying I'm gonna
do a backflip for them Jamar said he's
gonna go first
nah nah how does it I'll teach you
limited you know I'm joking Bob I'll do
a backflip for my snapchat homies so
Oh
ah I was about to do another one but
then luckily I thought like I thought
before I did anything and I didn't do it
cuz the garbage is right there also
anything like a couple in robust just
just doing a little snapchat for you
guys Soviet think you me there I'm gonna
give you a dare are you gonna do it you
get you punked out last time rema did it
well if you want me to give you there
I will give you that but you do it we do
it every single person out there it's
gonna give you a thumbs up on this video
and they're gonna leave a beautiful
comment for you so this there is I dared
a goal to top of that table right there
go on top of it let's start belly
dancing what you have 60 seconds to do
it and I'll be hiding here that's pretty
hard for a seven total
I'll give him props if he does it
like oh I see my seam really on
everything I do it's a shattered on why
wasn't it I told you and told our chef
told me Antonio here came up coming out
showing love I like your bike well the
thing I just got okay I get a ride I'm
talking foot mustn't give up how are you
doing good
say I love ya say love mm-hmm no no no
peekaboo we always do that sale of this
doodle forever play peek-a-boo okay uh
Wow ah I always got land practice
because the day he says I love you will
be the most memorable day ever memorable
day ever I don't know I can say
immemorial but we're horrible that how
you sound so illiterate but memorable
day amigos so okay so since Rima and
everyone wants me to open that box and
the peal box I am gonna open it for you
guys I'm gonna see what's in there
you're trying to open it before without
me looking packages are so hard so ver
okay so there's a shirt good times for
bad peepee
another share this is all day all night
another one fat kid mafia no way
Rema no hey do you know what this is
what killing it's not just ordinary
shoes rima no way these are these are
Yeezys oh my gosh no freakin way do that
why would you smell it when you make
sure this is not a prank
I'll make sure if it's written this is
legit legit real that's crazy well these
are gonna be added to my sneaker
collection I'm gonna try them on because
people always say it's always
comfortable and I want to see if it's
like really is comfortable once shoes on
now the other shoe Wow
they feel really really comfortable I
don't know why people go crazy for them
they feel so good now I got something to
wear for the Rotterdam and Amsterdam
event I'm having an event and Rotterdam
and Amsterdam I believe may 1st and may
2nd may 3rd not even know what they have
you promoted and it's already sold out
it's already sold out literally like
this is crazy but you know what I'm
still do I'm I still tell you guys the
address and the information down below
even if it sold out come through show a
lot of love show a lot of support and I
will still try my best to meet every
single one of you guys this is what I
always do whenever I get brand new
sneakers soccer game you have to see
this but gonna kiss it I'm gonna lick it
I mean it's brand away yeah I didn't
really like I just kissed though I think
the vlog here so I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me angry man do me do me
give it a down below give it a peace do
it picky I do me a solid
yeah yeah if you did make sure give it a
thumbs up and go yeah and guys Turkey
that's good much better I'll see you
guys tomorrow do me a take care and
peace I love you hello
I'm here for you always a family promise
you that fool kid then here I pay my way
I know okay that's what you say
