hey guys what's up you're doing I hope
you are having an amazing day because
we're having in a minute you all should
be happy dad do me gang we're about to
head to the airport right now we're
heading to San Francisco all of us and
what cost about the meeting with the
airport and travel is gonna be so so
much fun it's gonna be so late all of us
together is gonna be like a YouTube
house right yeah we got everything like
the tripods in the back right there I
got the beats on some got the vlog
camera yeah I'm gonna see you guys in
the next shot at the airport I'll see
you in the next shot do me gang we just
got inside the airport we just went
through airport security and you already
know the man from Pakistan he has to get
a random Security check
Oh God oh it's a brown guy why why would
the ground guy this cuz I'm Pike's that
right who are the people go find 10
white people go is fine one person come
come here but the plane is about to be
boarding right now
I'm so so tired I got no sleep man I had
an interview if you guys do not know
I'll be in the UK in March right here
this is the picture me in faith even be
performing together this is my first
time ever doing something like this so
I'm so so excited make sure you guys get
your tickets the tickets come out
January 24th at 8:15 a.m. UK time
Birmingham I'll see you guys soon
since we got 10 minutes to spare I'm a
basashi for sucky medusahead on me like
I'm a naughty
spill ago
being what cars with such good friends
were bringing snacks put a whole squad
man for the whole spa they should
appreciate us painlessly
let's see what they say when we give
them snacks I don't envy again oh thank
you all right let's see you wearing you
know thank you we got you guys a little
breakfast this is breakfast yeah we get
kissy thank you want some egg and cheese
bro you get a chip I'm late it messed up
breakfast so are you excited since over
here
yes relationshipgoals man in the future
hopefully like I have relationship goals
like Sofia do we gig we just got to the
bay San Francisco I'm knocked out the
whole freakin flight already tasting
Sofia already okay I'll say this every
time in the baby um and you start
looking for a vein a bay
oh you get married that's what it is
your screens lasting all over your house
you I was talking about that you're
looking for a big I maybe maybe out five
here today what are they called the bein
the bit debate this is by the bay
literally by the vein it's like a lot of
water
what's the bet is that true it I don't
even know man they keep the Resnick even
it keeps like a computer is the bay the
bay or no yeah I mean the bay is near at
the babe what is the baby the baby means
like water like it's by like big wow I
never knew that the whole time I'm
thinking is like cuz like you've been
like looking for a bass I'm like oh I
don't know I'm from New York I don't
know it do me gay we just got to our
Airbnb if you guys do not know I told
you guys yesterday that I got a big big
house I got an Airbnb here but the thing
is we have some really really bad news
we just got catfished by Airbnb that
catfish bad
pictures on Airbnb and the stuff here is
like completely different what bag I
don't get it seven rooms but there's
like four rooms they said this give me
high I'm gonna tell you guys everything
I so first it starts off with this the
TV look at this show on the back of this
side oh how does it bat to be like years
you can't probably see it so I'm not
really a guy to complain or anything but
I hate seeing pictures and then in
person it's not what it is
so in air baby they told us seven rooms
I'm gonna show you guys the rooms right
now this is the first one right here
this is mine this is the second room
which is the keys this is a bathroom
cool this is another room which is used
tubes room that's three this is Slim's
room right here which is four that's it
where's where's what causes room what
cost has no room and this is really
really embarrassing and the reason why
I'm mad is because we have some special
guests come in hua ji come in and we
told them we have space and stuff we
have seven rooms and now we come in in
this freaking four rooms but here's the
twist to it here's the rooms that I
count sit in the delivery room you can
see a bed right here so I believe they
counted this as a room so this is five
and it counts in this couch as another
room which is six and then back here
which is like I believe like a garage or
I don't know what it is it's counted as
a room this room right here it's like
freezing it's like you're sleeping
outside in the street it's so cold as I
told you guys I'm not the one to
complain but it's kind of really
embarrassing when you invite a watch you
watch you invited guests you like you
got seven rooms we got this crib we got
that and then everything be just
catfishes you what the heck I don't even
know what to do but to just just live
with it man it's all good in the hood
I'm so gonna be happy I'm so gonna be
smiling we're still gonna be killing it
for you guys to do me again I won't let
anything bring me down even though we
got catfish it's all good everybody and
to the person who was hosting this place
I still love you so much it's all good
in the hood
I just don't like when pictures are
shown like matter of fact I need to show
you guys the pictures i'ma show you guys
the pictures
because I feel like they do like
different angles to make it look much
more bigger and they even set seven
rooms and it fits like sixteen people
inside the area baby so when you get
gassed up like that you end up getting
two guests and you get too excited and
stuff and then it's not what it is and
then your expectations run down and this
right here I believe is the backyard
it's so dark and it's so scary merely
look at this what yo this is creepy how
is the Airbnb hosts gonna tell us not to
make a mess when there's a freakin
already a mess right there like what no
this is what the Freak what is all this
low-key this is probably one of the
rooms you never know the best thing that
I like is the kitchen right this is my
favorite thing right here this kitchen
we've got slim cooking right here what'd
you make him in when we got the in and
out you know what I'm saying it was
suicide the fridge
well nothing left us nothing ago this
everyb catfish that's though yeah yeah
cabbage oh my god oh my god oh my god
what the hell oh my god this is my room
this is not what Spyder what nothing
we don't have these in New York give you
something this Vegas fighter use okay
look this is fighter old help me up
please saw a baby spider yeah help me
bro there's nothing to sleep you go
Steve let me go to sleep bro I'm not
gonna sleep with a spider in the room
bro are you crazy
who's inviting its flies the plane
yo yo brother never be serious
yo I'm scared me what no was crazy in
the doors some of the doorknobs or the
opposite way like so I can lock you in a
room
he's a slim was locked by accident in a
room he had to text me and told me to
come and open the door like
I swear to god yo cuz imagine you think
he didn't have a song it will be stuck
of it I know man imagine he would've
been left all that have been amazing not
sleeping here wrong that's what are you
gonna do then bro there's a spider here
Oh so we'll shoot I'll sleep it in the
kitchen I'm like in the kitchen broil
kitchen yeah because you said there's
fighters in this place good luck and I'm
asleep in the kitchen so middle class
we're gonna cuddle
moving into the kitchen oh okay make the
most of what you've got but like stairs
up man
trust me over here this whole kitchen
this gives much better than the Rose
let's do this good for you back it's
good walking but a hard for you guys
comfortable what happens after this
cannot be seen on camera I'm looking in
his eyes and stuff disappear drums
ominous looking look up so guys look in
his eyes hello you crazy
what's wrong with looking at some eyes
huh I thought we had a connection like
oh it's it came through on a camera
though you know what the people can't
nobody come on are you serious huh
you look as if y'all get the ha no come
on what's the charlie go to eat with
strangers man Cisco or New York you
could do me gig I've been having a crazy
crazy bad day but I'm not gonna let this
bad day ruin the whole trip seriously
I'm so so scared of like the spiders
around I'm scared of like I don't know
I'm just like really worried but it's
all go to the hood is gonna be so fun
the videos are gonna be extra extra lit
as you can see right now was like a
little taste of what you guys are gonna
be seeing for the next few days also you
know how I told you guys to hit me up on
my Instagram
Adam solid my Instagram Adam solid if
you guys have any German Shepherds and
pretty much someone set me up like
someone DM me they were like yo I got a
German Shepherd and like they showed me
the pictures they were like I'm uh but I
need to talk to you so I gave them my
number and then after that there was
just like oh I just wanted I just want
to do you number I'm like what the hell
that was like a serious thing yesterday
I was talking Miley if you have real
German Shepherds don't like you don't
like me it's not good a lie don't lie
man like sir
just to be honest just if you have a
German Shepherd or if you don't you
don't have to lie and then say you got a
German Shepherd and just gas me up you
know I'm saying yeah other than that end
of light here I'm about to knock out in
the kitchen
hopefully you stole this good is it good
I was care if you guys enjoy his blog
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey if you guys have these these bad
make sure you guys subscribe and do me
getting imma see you guys tomorrow I
love you guys so so much thank you guys
so much for being the best gaming world
I love you guys I'm see you guys soon
take care this alone
I still work the late shift still so far
from greatness y'all still got time for
good girls still violate a fake Church
just got home from Lebanon my passport
got so full I have to get another one
too bad my life in a run
