oh wait you cheated I hope you're having
an amazing name because I'm having an
amazing it
so what grab have an amazing you all an
amazing do me game it is time for Lawson
to get a hairline are you ready
Wow well your lipstick up Japan don't
see McDonnell son hairline you're next
okay so Dina is out because she is
scared but most you ready look up look
up Dina was the coming up use it raise
it
yeah you like it
wow this is a guy I didn't want to do
too much of it but I just wanted to fix
it up a little bit you know oh it's my
boat with this a and a man finally got a
little hairline I didn't want to really
do too much of it because we're going to
wedding next week but that's pretty much
it
ha ha ha ha
ok go fix up your hair I can do the
scissors and everything it's gonna be
gonna trust me okay ready he's gonna be
good it's gonna be gonna love it no no
it was good wasn't it you can do it no
good
you got everyone 85 good job Remo's
ready we must guys doing Dino Allen
talent show
yeah she always cuts a hair like that
yeah yeah yeah just do it just a little
bit just a little
I just don't okay just a little bit like
an animal again
hey okay we're done top don't
you you just said this a little bit you
just said just a little bit oh oh oh my
gosh it doesn't hurt your bald though
because you say that rimas bulb yeah
she's gonna look like a boy
Dilek everybody's good happen gonna go
right here is both to its bald right
there oh I hate you you hate me I'm
heartbroken from you
oh yeah you said you hated me here let
so do you know I'm gonna do next do you
wanna see Dina go Deena's going next
mm-hmm hey cup yeah
what are you doing Oh were you talking
to like that what hit me now oh you guys
gonna hit me now yeah I'm just joking
ah I love you guys Oh M do use it I'm
not the roasty once again huh
i roasted yesterday with the roast us do
it why are you hit watch how much in
there right now hey sir why would you
put that bro oh my you want to be like
the same way in the video what that you
think I'll roast to using hey go look at
look who's here who was that I had a lot
text he can't be here is that is that
your cousin
our driver is from Egypt right yeah he's
a Egypt and a super musician Egyptian
musician myself and he is a huge
blessing
I'm daddy up and I was like I like if
he's nice he's dope so this place right
here this is my old school right there
wise to fight so many people on my the
video you guys seen yesterday of me
fighting a kid was literally around here
like this is my old school where the
teachers used to hate me guys look at
that car hello me you see uh that is
sick I like that exam what you're eating
it is Thanks
maybe never know cuz I Jim Carrey it was
I don't care I don't know but that
driver just like Jim Carrey right now we
are heading to go buy suits suits
because there's a wedding coming soon
and we need to be all fresh and wrapped
away the same thing and yeah we're gonna
go suit shopping Havasu shopping for so
long you know me I always go shopping
and buy like these weird ripped clothes
that I have but today I'm going shopping
so we won't classy shopping cream not
drink Simpson but drink something good
not okay today's for 20th you know I was
like yeah so our Egyptian uber driver it
says his name is Michael but his real
name is Mohammed like how we pick up I
think that Michael this is crazy
so we just got this spot to go buy some
shoes need a cream colored suit
you have a cream color to burn if a room
why this doula like Drake with an afro
right so you all probably wondering
whose wedding
this is hmm it's probably we can take it
to the next
almost ready to see the red tie so let's
see who's getting married
the entire Tector you sure yeah you can
do it go I got a big night I got to try
to put this through a boner
this is so fun I gotta be good at my
wedding you know - practicing
you don't have to play I love you
you don't have to play smart we can take
it slow
you know we can take it to the next okay
so the theme of this wedding is this
color like a creamy color let us know is
that good I think it's dope I'm the guy
that has dope this is unique so dog I
can't wait and oh he needs his red tie
ready to go right I've been trying to
learn how to fix attire ever since I was
like six seven six it's like green f2
it's not even that hard yes it is is
hard no I went on YouTube Google and I
can't do it
really yeah I tied ties every day
I'm gonna teach you all so you hold this
yeah hold it and wrap this around once
yeah depending on the length yeah I'll
wrap it twice feet okay yeah wrap it
twice then you hold it over that I guess
yeah okay right yeah what you do under
yeah I forgot right
I finally got my suit ready to go I feel
so relieved I finally got the suit use
of guys suit my nephew my little
brother's here but you guys do not know
he was hiding like got the whole camera
right now but we need to go get my suit
the place we just want to did not have
this
the biggest size did not fit him so we
have to go to another one and let him
fit into a soup similar to this color
because we got a match we got to turn up
and this wedding is not my wedding but
I'm getting ready for this wedding as if
I'm getting married you know me I never
go to weddings or nothing like that but
this is going to be a huge huge wedding
in my oldest niece's wedding
she's about 21 20 is all so don't worry
because I know some of you guys like put
some of you guys have you thinking like
she like 10 or 11 us and I have a oldest
niece she's about 20 21 and I'm ready to
turn up
I never I never really go to wedding but
this one so we have to go to another
shop to look for another suit so
hopefully turns out great so there's a
new piece of art here in Rockefeller
Center and I do not know what it's
supposed to be but it looks like up here
let's go see what's it supposed to be
this is Elm greens and drag set van ear
what the heck is that it looks so weird
become a little brother right Daisy
get hot feel so special when I'm
recording with my little brother like as
if a celebrity is in my blog my brother
my little brother brother Bo I love the
mother gear food he can't see me like
John Cena he can't see me so we came for
a little stop to eat food
I got me a red velvet cupcake some pasta
KitKat orange juice chocolate cake and
some Yusef you know saying I feel so bad
we couldn't get a suit for my little
brother he's not here he ended up going
home we have to go somewhere else like I
don't know but his size is like they
don't have it he needs like triple XL we
need to go somewhere else to get it
before the wedding happens in a few days
so I'll keep you guys updated with that
we just got here to Brooklyn we're about
to meet up with slim and what cos I
haven't seen them for so long
someone's in San Francisco cupcaking
with his girl Vikas he was just chilling
here in NYC we might see them in a few I
turn up and just like catch up and see
what goes on for tonight yo what up I
don't know like this is to rub on go so
what I got is a little going what's up
cupcake my cupcake is good Yvonne's
atenas yeah leave me comcast cable is it
what's up I got the homeboy this alone
will cost the psycho ass I know he's
doing I don't know what's going on to
the end as well
oh my gosh this dudes go like this dude
is going like 400 miles per hour if
we're near a griever like this I don't
know if you guys could see it like I
think
hello what's wrong
what gosh what are you doing I was wrong
so we just got out the car we got set us
up he said uh seven soldiers and
soldiers get you back you said let's go
into Mustang let's have a ride around
this nice and fast something like ooh
this dude started drifting and doing
some do by our crazy turn of the car say
oh my Italy Albert Einstein I always oh
but you guys can see when you uploading
it that's one example out of tomorrow
well today you gotta see it if you look
closely you can see like the key all
right they see it the tires on it oh my
gosh
you crazy but I'm gonna get you back for
that road I tell you I'm a very stupid I
would think oh you played it off so good
oh my gosh you're back one so this is
the car that did it damage bundle right
there set us up I think he's a good boy
man what's up you supposed to have my
back bro you crazy Pakistanis whoa you
guys a while bro that's the dope car
world moving
what kind of call Mustang is +19 by a
memo Miley's dope that is sick
where's Chicago your head biggest idea
I'm not worship where's Chicago in Ohio
oh my is your music today I'm sitting
here I'm winning this fight oh yeah yeah
uh-huh
I mean what day it is no noise now you
know but you really think I got it I got
okay you just Jesus told her you just
landed today from San Francisco and you
still cupcake in oh my gosh well this
what you guys don't see behind the
scenes so he says that something shit so
I was talking crap would Sophia say son
you just hated cuz he's with me right
now girl
he's with me me and him are kissing
right now oh okay so I just got home it
is about 2:00 a.m.
and look who's up what's your name Dina
Dina is up and she gave me the remote
and she's telling me put on Adam on the
TV what do you wanna watch Dina
oh she wants to watch my blog she's
addicted
it's so weird it was like I'm here so
I'm gonna give her a live vlog show okay
let me give her a live lock see she
enjoys that better than like watching
the bus I never watch unless you can
just watch me fly again in front of her
okay ready hmm you're gonna sit here
right yeah okay ready set
this is you guys no no this is me ready
yeah okay hey guys what's up ado me game
I hope y'all having reasoned it because
so if I'm having an amazing day okay so
today I am chilling with Dina I'm gonna
be chilling with ya huh I'm gonna be
chilling with Dina we're gonna be doing
some tricks we're gonna be playing some
games are you ready yes gonna pick you
up and throw you come on ready you're
not scared yeah you're not scared yeah
okay ready
I'm get it no you up it I'm a cop twice
okay let's do this to the vlog okay
ready
one set go oh that was one clap you
ready I'm at throw a higher movie hands
don't put your hands up hands up
yes hands up heads up heads up but I
notice about Dina at nighttime she's
more lovey-dovey in the morning she's
grumpy like I love life earlier she's
crying she was grumpy hands up hands up
like that yeah all right guys it is time
to wrap up this vlog I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog say thumbs-up dinner
yeah say thumbs up say let's see how
many of you love Deena so thumbs up you
want to see how many of them of you
whenever I say the word love she grabs
your cheek say adieu me tell me Gang
Gang
hi guys we'll see you guys tomorrow and
I'll keep you guys updated on the
wedding I finally got my frickin soup so
you got some are take care her pics I
like I'm here for you always in favor
promise you that bullshit let me wipe em
away okay this would choose to say
