it was Suffolk to me gang was good yeah
so I hope you doing have an amazing day
because y'all haven't missed it Slim is
having a big day
Alan's messing around but sup guys I
just want to say that I just want to say
this for Adam I just wanna give a huge
massive congratulations to this guy man
this guy is my daily inspiration the
reason I start YouTube it's cuz I looked
up to him so much man hegemony
I'm Yemeni were both born in Brooklyn
we're both merit from New York City you
know and um he does um we're just like
so similar man I looked up to this guy
so much as a big brother and as a role
model because he's such a nice guy he
he's the most amazing guy in my life yo
seriously he's so nice to everybody bro
like he's to Dan he's so nice to the
point that like I want to be me like
beat him up could be so nice man and he
deserves everything that's coming for
him bro like he got a million on the
main channel is a few months ago and now
he had another million on his vlog
channel which is crazy bro he's up there
maybe getting updates cuz he works hard
man this guy works hard non-stop man
seriously I've never seen someone that
works so hard like Adam like you guys
might think this whole thing is easy but
it's not easy oh it's all so he's
thinking every day of a different idea
going out you know and editing like he
literally stays up all night editing and
doing all this stuff so he works so hard
in it and everything is paying off man
I'm so proud of this guy man his whole
family's proud of him I'm I'm literally
I feel so blessed just put : my best
friend and my big brother man he always
looks out for me and Adam you got
everything you got coming for you you
are the best guy I met in my life
seriously and I'm very inspired by you
thank you so much for everything bro
it's all you did 2 million and then you
get three and then five and then ten but
you're gonna get up there with the white
people man I'm so happy for your road we
will celebrate and have a dull time and
thanks channel The Doobie gang for
supporting Adam cuz this guy is an
amazing guy you guys may see you on
camera like
he's not himself but even in person if
you meet him in person I swear he is 20
times is better in person I swear that's
how much of a nice guy he is I swear and
I sounded front on camera he is much
better in person so much cooler person
like he's such an amazing guy as I'm
saying he like he literally changed my
life so thank you so much I don't I love
you so much bro you got everything you
got deserved coming to you breath and
yeah slimmy is AB jack
tell me fuck ah this is crazy this is
absolutely crazy overwhelming and just a
blessing has just been wild why don't we
get I cannot thank you guys enough with
everything that you guys have done for
me like seriously you guys without you
guys I wouldn't be where I am today and
I wouldn't be this happy I wouldn't be
this you know motivation elicits great I
wouldn't be this put the person who I am
today just come a couple months ago I
had like 400,000 subscribers on you guys
and literally knowing the fact that I
worked hard every single day every day
every single day sometimes I'll even
upload twice for you guys and that I
reached my goal to get 1 million
subscribers before my birthday guys you
guys helped me reach my goal you guys do
not know how thankful I am thank you
guys so much this is just the beginning
I got 1 million in this channel 1
million on the other channel just over
two million subscribers together which
is just like crazy you guys I would have
never thought like I would have never
thought been in this position because I
remember starting from a zero
subscribers and I used to have like a
goal like yeah man I can't wait to reach
you know a hundred subscribers I'm
literally just like speechless guys I'm
so so speechless I want to thank you
guys for the bottom heart knowing that 1
million of you press subscribe on this
channel 1.1 million of you press
subscribed on the other channel that's
just that's just crazy I know may not be
something good for you guys but this is
a huge huge achievement for me so thank
you guys so much and to celebrate this
tomorrow will be something crazy
something wild big huge celebration
tomorrow so stay tuned for that and yeah
get ready for that tomorrow should be a
crazy celebration thank you guys once
they have a bomb our thank you to my
family thank you a lot number 1 from
making literally blessing me to be in
this position and you know have me this
position to make you a smile to motivate
you guys and to keep you guys happy
thank you guys so much this is just the
beginning I promise you
two million to come so three million to
come so much I'll just think big and if
you've won million of you now if each of
you guys go tell your friends to
subscribe
it'll be totally in a no time so you
know I'm saying but I'm Andy here I'm
gonna be up it's just a little boring
speech and so you got some ticket it's
crazy you thought I was gonna go you
thought I was gonna go you really
thought I was gonna go without doing
anything
ratchet anything crazy like we just
reached a duty game just reached a
million subscribers on a black Channel
I'm a channel that where I can put up
anything a million up know what let me
give you guys a little rap you guys
ready let's do this yo come on don't be
gang go undeleted here a million there
to Milly coming soon cuz it do me gangs
always there than haters we don't care
they're really fans who would just scare
cuz I'm a threatening disease and it
makes them bleed we reached a million a
black channel in no time I would have
never thought let's do me games time to
shine cuz my second minutes hours go sit
all mighty camera and the old mighty
power of I like to thank each and every
one of you who motivated appreciated
hated rated educated and believed in me
Tom haters haha cuz they can't
actually I can't stop me I gotta do me
gang rules and fake haters then we roast
the gas we roast them then we toast them
cuz we can't stand them and we gotta
drop it we drop them till we stop them
cuz we're do me again and ain't no one
stopping us to be gay I'm doing another
one just like my drape friend in this
freestyle is blackberry phone I'm gonna
preset off my phone cuz I just wrote it
right now it was so hard to memorize I'm
doing a few guys all in one shot baby
all in one shot come on last name Sonic
first name Adam I'll say it loud and
proud a do me game is the best fandom
started off with zero but thanks to all
the haters you guys kept me up like a
frickin elevator you will do me one my
heart lot oh thanks for being there from
the start
Yano UK USA Australia and Mexico France
the Middle East and Canada for show
y'all these freestyles they sound like
an album reach the million a few months
that was so random and if you mess with
my family I'll hold you for ransom Rima
is so crazy
germanity so handsome this is just the
beginning and we ain't gonna finish
going to stay cold richer and Allah is
my witness everyone who doubted me is
asking for forgiveness be kind of one
another Ellen DeGeneres just wanted to
make a little rap to you guys thank you
guys so much for the bottom of heart
once again and I really hope you guys
enjoyed this and literally thumbs up or
do me any if you guys are part of the
new me and you guys are riding on gooeys
it truly means the world you guys helped
me out with everything the fact that you
guys always make me smile like literally
defend me whenever someone tries to put
me down literally roast people with so
much eyes when we down literally laugh
with me have fun on me just shows that
we have an amazing relationship and I
just want to say thank you guys for that
and I really hope you have even a
stronger relationship I'm gonna keep
literally working harder more ten times
harder now that I get million
subscribers have fun with it literally
and knowing that my family is always by
my side you
homicide thank you guys so so much once
again and that's it I don't know what
say that's it till tomorrow you guys
will see the huge surprise it's
something crazy something like literally
Wow so hope you guys get to see you
tomorrow enjoy it
I'll see you guys tomorrow double yang
take care and peace I love you to me guy
thank you so much Amelia thank you I
love you peace
boy
no we can take it to the next level I'm
not even gonna say anything like I'm not
even into the intro because slim just
pulled the stupidest he says it's a
prank but this is the dumbest Craig hey
I swear this kid got issues like we want
to shop another day so he snuck on a
loan and bought the same outfit that I
got just so when we go to LA he could
just like pull this prank I like wear
the same outfits me because he knows I
hate it so much
when people were the same as me so he
did that and I tried to tell him chill
don't why the scripting outside and it's
so awkward so Hopkins what I just don't
move don't walk me broken yeah it was a
joke but brothers man just this weird
Robbie run yes people looking at us like
with some kind of psychic I haven't even
started the vlog references
hey guys what's up and do me dang I hope
y'all having an amazing it because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day
you won't should be having an amazing I
finally started off the vlog correctly
and today is Friday you guys are
watching son father it is Thursday for
me so the surprise it's not yet to be
out today is gonna be out tomorrow but
for us is gonna be out Friday for you
guys can be out Saturday is gonna be
something crazy something while is give
me something I'm going to give you guys
something in the vlog and something
crazy and wild and it's a celebration
for something celebrate success the only
way the right way you know what I'm
saying so I'm so so excited and a huge
huge thank you
I have not reached a million subscribers
on this channel but I should reach I
should reach it in about literally in a
couple hours so thank you guys so so
much knows what you get
Oh
datura
oh nice it was cute but he's good good
thing is cute a little bit love it give
me like do you want a summer
you don't have to trace lon
