fuck you one hit up no no hold on it's
moving
that's easy what's up do me Aang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all sharing an
amazing day or I'm happy positive today
ocean hype it over to blue skies and
palm trees we're heading entire big
meeting then after that we're gonna see
you in a few my vlogging there for you
so we're gonna see how it goes
everyone see how it goes we just got out
of er about to go to the meeting once I
got this funny funny story that happened
in New York City without / Emerson we
got it out / we're heading to the
airport and then it was the middle night
was around 3:00 4:00 a.m. so the guy our
driver was really really tired so we
notice he's really tired so why he's
driving he started falling asleep he's
thoughtful and see oh he sees I am doing
like that it's only that it please get
over the car he almost like got an
accent he was like that I mean me simile
kill me oh good he was like yeah I'm
going I'm going down then he continued
on like driving he fell asleep again so
you like that and then you almost hit
another car that meets was like yo bro
sup man if you went out of the middle of
the freeway highway motorway whatever
you I was caught and then he took water
and he splash it all over space the
me--some were like literally praying for
dig up he's gonna die you I even brought
are you invited to Brooklyn boy - yeah
hi doggie Georgia oh my shit what's up
we're here I was having meeting in
stylehaul Jamar so what's up what's up I
seen him in New York City couple days
ago I didn't like them but now in LA so
it's gonna be dope we don't gonna keep
it hot today keeping it fresh I said I
got ahold of mush up season and this an
innocent ball our mascot was here a box
limit some love dogs he loves always
pick him up and take him to such you
take him some bubble bites when I am
finally done with the big big meeting
everything went great and I'm the
everything was just like a success I'm
so so excited huger shout out to
stylehaul for everything that they're
doing to help me make give you guys the
best content the best everything so
thank you so so much they also gave me
these like cool gifts so gonna open it
up when I'm back in apartment this is
what we were talking about and
everything basically we're talking about
is our main channel and my vlog channel
what I'm gonna be doing in the future
like I need to make more videos for you
guys so definitely gonna be posting a
lot more new stuff a lot new cool dope
stuff involving boxing and fashion that
they're gonna help me out with it so
thank you so so much but let's see what
they gave me is a I had a backpack a
bandana me some some we should throw
some those things ttat's huh they don't
my breath stinks does it thank you so
much to stop those are given us the
portable charger and some sunglasses
shade so so we decided to do something
touristy today and go to Universal
Studios in LA the last time I came here
was when I was on The Ellen Show four
years ago and left a lot of you guys do
not know I was on The Ellen Show before
four years ago in 2012 oh I dare you
pass through without letting no water
touch you ready
you're not even here what you guys ready
oh my boy
we ride together we die together
Shalu I'm gonna gala one of your wet
night nigga wait alright why don't you
asshole I may be away
guys I did this last time 2012 I'm doing
it again I couldn't make it last time I
can make them do it it was about 17
people who passed away from doing this
in the past five to six years and so
just letting you know now seventeenth if
you wanted to be 18 be careful more I'm
going to take that risk you're taking a
risk I'm willing to take that risk share
this bull right there it's a mechanical
bull they move around as if it's a real
bull
anyone who lasts eight seconds it's a
real real man and we're gonna see you
how long I'll ask you to hold on hard
I'm gonna hold on for dear life
it's craziest amelie like nothing but
it's wild and it's crazy and I'm so so
excited already must be 18 or older to
ride anyone who was pregnant had a
recent injury or operation has a
compromised back other issues should not
ride slim you're pregnant you think you
probably shouldn't be gonna this is it
this is the man right there yet oh my
gosh but it's okay let's do it
this is my official signature
this date like like do you want to date
like me a new day I said yes
oh sorry what is it what I mean so this
phone number is like phone number for
you to text me or the company just
happen awesome I'll put you in love into
contact yeah that's I got shit on them
it may seem like a hyping it up Maci
Maggie's going crazy
this thing is serious this is why you
got to sign something this is not a joke
you have to be over 18 this is only done
by professional idiots like Adam out of
you Lunas house me funny so then we
fucking lose I would yeah hey all right
let's go support yet the support
don't be gay experiment good
like support lucky one hit up no no hold
on it's moving
oh that's easy
o-tama balance
yeah yeah Oh
Oh
no one else No
oh yeah look at the crowd oh yeah all
right it's good night pieceof does got
done doing it and it is hot salami i won
I wanna hear experience I think I'm a
professional I'm a professional bull
rider like anything like my hands are
killer gonna I laugh so longer anything
good yeah I love that job Sam I told you
not say that cuz ya just got done eating
some shrimp macaroni cheese and Bob are
we eating we had the waiter and I don't
know why every time means some go eat
the waiter like they give us like these
nasty look so like they don't care about
it because they see the way we're
dressed it probably are they're not
going to give it to em who cares about
them just treat them like like they're I
don't know they look down on us and I
hate that so much and like it makes me
not even want to give them a tip but it
seems how it makes you want to give them
a tip so they can shut up and see like
oh actually it so I can show that we're
different than what they think we are I
don't know if what what do you guys do
what you guys still give it tip and be
nice or would you guys be like screw
them or not I don't know crazy thing is
it's like a big big day today because
it's Kobe Bryant's last game ever in
history you guys do not know he's my pig
favorite basketball player and it's
loved him ever since he came in 1996 and
a and she's always been my favorite
player and today's his last game today's
his last game in the NBA which is huge
huge day and Coachella is in a couple
days and means summer in LA we didn't
know nothing about this we didn't know
nothing about anything of this but when
I go to the game we knew we would have
won if we know about Coachella we want
to boast about soggy win New York if you
don't know nothing about what's going on
Ellie will know what's going on it's
cold
What did he say was it who said out of
these words these these are a shadow to
the to be their leader later tonight
nice is it affords you the five by then
wonder what summonses does it avoid
those are for that yeah boy that's
oxygen i somebody's from what numbers it
is either one alright
for sanity oh come on man fun easy why
you serious
these IDs are the tools yeah yeah yeah
don't worry Brian
24 Colby's have fun on me another coffee
Jersey right there Kobe hat Kobe Bryant
Kobe door work to all my sharp ease the
greatest on the court and Adams greatest
on averse going for the six ring like it
was his first do it for slim so the
passcode a me slim have not met one
Muslim fan everyone was like a
non-muslim fan which is pretty crazy and
23 sounds getting diverse to get a big
you know that do me hang at fucking fuck
the gang is getting bigger mashallah and
like the crazy thing is whenever I meet
the non-muslims I'm always like I was
like oh wow hey Jenna
mashallah I'm speaking Arabic I'm like
oh I did probably what the heck but same
time it's alright to say mashallah
let me just means like within God's
world and it means like God's blessing
the view looks so beautiful why the view
look like my dad's village is like what
like what like a whole paper
we just met up and we're trying to see
what's going on for tonight oh I see
I know like we were like in Pakistan I'm
like I look at each other like we
haven't seen each other missiles I'm
having a good day yeah 10 asleep I'll
come to East cultures to play you
brother do not go from here I'm gonna
cop there's Corinne up we'll get your
tees off in my head I'm sure what do i
matter cuz I never go it was to me I
love looking at you interviews I'm good
thank you came up towards me and to know
they wanna see guys
so a huge accident happened here seven
cars guy at one car here one car there
another one down there and more down
there which is as well why do you go
guys I'm better drivers okay I get it
took away about three three four cars
already it's about they said nine cars
not seven nine cars I think get my
arrest that guy
come on boo look at that huh
one here
like the car pieces here damn as well oh
my god so this is it
right wow this is the car that started
whoa that's crazy
this guy raced it this guy's recent
easily he's wasted
oh it's guy was wasted I was wasted in
Rizzoli yeah this is my look at you
hoody fuck always I'd be sick he just
said after boozing up my man right there
he's a Jeeva well there's a did the guy
like getting hurt and he did he die or
something it's fine hot drunk people are
yeah that's crazy man
that's wild look can't drink and drive
don't drink and don't drive cuz we got
some with his Anamosa animal Sofra
animal size rise grilled cheese what
does it mean why is it animal sound like
because you know they got some grilled
onions in there got some secret sauce -
we'll see what is the animal because
he's a dog oh my oh my much chubby well
you know I got a little bit
both of these Usos all the watch around
this guy so much but you know I mean
you're gonna stew it really thought up I
don't you just do it wrong as we like to
say Mike exactly it doesn't matter like
that good yeah we'll let them sit in
there no swimming you're walking around
Utah still save you a slim beau I'm like
up to his neck and city like ceiling
though perfectly we're saying you guys
are like tall bow and we're like short
well it's like look we're like the same
I know it is it that's crazy
nice work only two of them right
Weiskopf yes you know and all the donuts
I don't know what the donuts are
this looks so dope he shot at their home
in Watchi for take him taking us it is
dope up for some pseudo sorry bollocks
go Bella her time happy birthday we love
you I thank you she's my she's my right
and my left oh that's cute that's nice
yet here's a relationship goals hey yeah
this is the globe I'm gonna spin it
whoever place it lands let's see where
lens cap on Algeria this is the second
time this is the second time when I'll
do it thumbs up if you want me something
like a little challenge we put like we
literally spin it so many times and
whatever we land on will go to that city
go to that country thumbs up and we'll
do that we'll see how many of you guys
want to do that will travel out there so
it is time to wrap up this vlog I hope
you all enjoy this flag if you did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey do not know why I'm walking
backwards usually I've always moving
forward when I'm in the black but I'm
gonna move backwards so hope you guys
all enjoy this vlog we got a lot of new
surprises coming soon on Friday we have
something dope dope coming so stay tuned
and hopefully it'll go great we'll see
you guys tomorrow Mike take care oh yeah
I'm here for you always a feather
promise you that fool kid then here I
pay my way okay this whatcha say
