hey guys what's up in Douma gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
a super-duper amazing day I am back home
in New York City and I just woke up from
the longest nap ever and when I woke up
I woke up around 5:00 6:00 p.m. and I
went on Twitter that's the first thing I
did and all I seen is a lot of you guys
where are you where is he where's the
flag
where's Adam at oh my god I think he
went off and got married into an
arranged marriage oh my god he's lost
he's dead he's live no he's hiding okay
it was just like hectic on Twitter had
the vlog ready literally like 11:00
12:00 in the morning 11:00 12:00 in the
morning New York City time then I'm
supposed to put it up at 3:00 p.m. but
then I was so exhausted I'm so
jet-lagged from the flight that landed
this morning that just knocked out and
no one woke me up so then I woke her on
5:00 and I was bugging out like oh my
god no like I saw the part of the vlog
early so went up literally but it's all
good mud I overslept and I got really
tired but it is up and I hope you guys
enjoy that vlog I'm back home in New
York City I can't wait to see my family
mop dirt but then who is it Oh who's
crying Moses the money I got
would you cry
daddy oh okay whatever and roundabout
faces puzzles it was but they always hi
don't you miss me yeah yeah we've
answered listen how much you miss me
like a lot oh hey I'm gonna stick here
too and behold associate 300 I miss you
guys of us all families as yourself
would miss you breathe Rima go and give
me a hug ah much more you you were you
were emo and this you who missed me more
yeah me you yeah hey you're not talking
to you're not talking to who why isn't
he like himself
no exert he misses me more hey my wolf
what you did I like myself
Pino said that you say he misses me more
uh-huh
I feel like my dad is one of the babies
in the house look at that
no you wanna know is crazy you guys do
me ank you guys miss this
oh my god this is sold out how do you
guys miss this ratchet femme oh my god
how do you guys miss this ratchet family
who sh t she wants me yeah it's ratchet
family the only libretto acrobatic yeah
hey cross her yet hey you always
question but I'm kind of having hidden I
can finally refill my Cologne this is
where I usually put it my secret secret
very smelly smells really good Cologne
this is how I do it take a funnel the
crazy thing is I got this for about
literally like six seven hundred dollars
this thing and
only in the last two years this whole
bottle will last two years but only
lasted me about a couple months I don't
really use it much but I guess when I
travel with it everyone that I travel
with like they use it I don't blame you
guys though because it smells really
really good
what's going in I'm gonna pour all of it
in and then this is gonna be my last I
think my last shot of it and then I have
to get a brand new one I feel like I'm
in like Dexter's Laboratory I like doing
some science stuff but it's finally in
there and ready to go hit him with a dab
Rima Oh hit him with it dad I'm gonna
take a nice picture of you okay ready
okay hold on it's getting really really
pretty I love I gotta make sure it's
good I gotta make sure it's nice okay
okay everyone ready get ready for the
most beautiful picture the cheese what
this is beautiful so nice well I know
looks nice
you saw it looks beautiful I'm gonna
post it up okay so everyone can see okay
nine and a big mouth that's okay is good
meanwhile it's beautiful it looks
beautiful
it's okay look it's nice Wow you hate it
what that Moses you know let's do it
cries for me every single minute
it's wow this is an amazing picture of
Muslim that's amazing
it's time to fix your hairline turn
sound to fix out ugly hair light of
yours you ready Wow let's go
ready ready Rima Wow
you ready okay you know ready yes yeah
so you guys wouldn't believe what just
happened I was just talking with Rima I
wish I had to take out my black hammer a
little couple seconds before but she is
super mad heavy right now so mad what
Rema Rema
don't do that they're gonna make memes
we're here to tell zero say it I haven't
tell them I'm on and then what if you
don't like you even you're not a real
friend what's her real name no what's
her real name huh
see you don't know that means you're not
gonna go see her me mom I'm sorry she's
huh bro she was going crazier what
happened why are you going up tell me
why I should you gonna see him like
somebody go to Cal for us you bit me
you bit me you're gonna see you nextime
over California okay here real name is
Lily say Lily mean here were literally
so good and I pulled out my phone and
then she's seen all the pictures she
always plays my phones you see all the
pictures of me superwoman and then it
clicked her head she forgot to mention
it and then she told me that she's super
mad because she wanted to be supported
Rima you'll see her next time come what
what happened she does like you she
doesn't like you she likes me and she
know what she doesn't like you cuz you
going out no don't don't tell me what to
do oh you like that girl
I know she loves oh well normal ratchet
kids in my room
mom would think there's alcohol in it
and let's just say someone got drunk
cars gonna be acting like he passed out
I'm gonna be the one peer pressuring
admin into drinking this we're waiting
till she comes in so let's see how we go
let's get some juice huh what is my
going mm tell me there's isagen's
lightly like what is this mother hurt
you all right you do me gang it's time
to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed this vlog because if you did you
were a true writer die do me make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go key and
go and go
no don't go to Turkey go Turkey good
Turkey go Turkey do the game thank you
guys so much
yeah yep yep what else and I'll see you
know nobody by means forever say later
or peace because that means we'll come
back so to take care and peace Pete okay
can I love you I love you
Hey
always in favor I'm sure that bullshit
let me write them away okay
this what chooses say
