oh and I was shocked I was talking about
atom bombs or that I loved watch when I
met him
hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
beautiful day I'm so out here in the
streets of LA it is my last day here I
didn't say a final goodbye to Kai's I
meant Awaji so I'm still here with them
here somewhere
let's just say we had a slumber party
last night I mean I might this sleep
next each other today so any war like
the outfit with the Alfie the twin the
twin it was like I didn't want to see my
butt next time yeah if you miss out here
some word universe that but we're going
so where we going Cheesecake Factory
everyone get some cheesecake feminism
good food get some food so I got him out
for his last day mom it was the mom
definitely but we can go eat and then we
go see what's up for today Kairos is
about to take the dope picture of me
right now yeah challenge told me he
challenged me to go up there and like
stand up here and take a dull picture
and we're all gonna do it it's not
pretty but if you fall it's like that
fall is gonna be kind of like I'll jump
real pretty right here you're gonna say
come on up oh oh oh yeah
holy macaroni
yeah we go like it's harder than it
looks awesome oh come on do you say we
use that young it's exclusive so you can
only find it in LA Napa breeze yeah PC
from Ruiz air fresheners a bathroom a
project guys I'm gonna put you on with
some curries and I'm put you on with
some spray tan because you are white
yeah well you didn't tell her why even
in LA such a white boy
this is what happens in 2016 I were
youtubers
quiet fix on your phone all right no bad
I just finish I just didn't say it again
I picked it up 82 degrees in Los Angeles
is so high I don't know how you guys do
this man
we're heading to Santa Monica 3333
nursery Santa Monica
we just got here to Santa Monica
Boulevard West Third Street we might go
do a little bike riding but I love
valets the beautiful views that I have
here in this beautiful weather it's just
so amazed I'm gonna miss it
heading back to New York City tonight
but it's definitely gonna be dope
today's I love the mountains here they
look so don't so they don't have the
triple-a bike so we're gonna get the
twin bike why don't you guys have the
triplet bike why don't we yeah get more
business that way you know say well the
Jonas Brothers can like you know but you
know what this one's even hard as well I
think if you had three now we can do it
I'm a professional bike rider away from
I'm from Paris Paris are nice s so one
draw usual no mama to salvage a demo
good merci so I was gonna go eat one ah
the front present you are control it so
make sure I'm safe guys got the tricycle
on we are ready is it good is it
this is how the Joan looks I've never
put it in my blog I've never used it in
my life this is why I'm really scared to
get a drone because I feel like if I get
one they're just gonna like fall and
just cut someone's like head off and
like that's it I'm gonna get in trouble
but especially in New York City is
crowded in and then you get you got a
big time trouble easy la you get away
with anything but get your own here yeah
and your you get a big trouble it
depends like most of the spots you came
in through the drone IANA
see it's all the way up right I'll be
right that's it
we'll see you at home oh my god this
guy's gonna get hit
we are safe and sound hamdullah I might
do something crazy
ready i mister oh are you doing some
business back using fans in LA yeah I
can't believe a son huh I can't believe
a son that was April Fool's joke oh yeah
dolly he ever was a novice he's my
nephew here you guys so she has all
family to brother nice that's nope
what you guys doing I just showing guys
ever come to New York so bro I suppose
your name I'm here I'm here I do it
we're doing it yeah I like garlic so
what's your nationality gasps I look
like um I would have said I would have
said Arabic
Oh Oh horrible driver
what's up guys and chillin all here
what's up baby baby yeah let's just see
you can't vlog and drive you can't vlog
and bike finally got done bike riding we
all survived it was a pretty crazy right
one seat Monica Boulevard
I got a 5-4 is a worst secondary of each
kid even thought he's apparently he's
trying to move it back am i driving my
driving is good no less I'm a
professional bike driver and slim knows
that everyone knows that
once again Mays here I'm just waiting
for her to fall in the water bro stop
okay
I'm bigger got you damn bro
let's do this - uh I gotta bring it back
that was crazy and they're cracking down
huh you're cracking down they're gonna
be writing tickets for this start in
another month or two
no way no the beach and the harbor yeah
there he goes Wow
and believe it or not they can pick that
up at the airport there's an airport in
Santa Monica and they'll tell us like if
it goes up in a park or something and
they'll say hey you've got one in
another go send over no no I just saw
you guys but if it would have kept going
or we're not about as high as the ferris
wheel whenever I would have gone oh cool
thank you ma'am thank you thank you yeah
lunch ever yes motion oh yeah I know you
been take with you and I'm bit your
biggest friend
Thank You Tommy I mean I always come out
here somebody I love you so much amazing
we never fight oh really
yeah have a channels Adam solid life ad
am s KL v h5 ok I love you like away
from oh yeah Saturday I watch you all
the time
hey really a lot of hours I'm all from
New York City listen gonna put me nearby
ok guys I'm getting his leg I'm in a
supply channel
yes hey what's up baby yeah check me out
Adam South bugs
I dug this guy's amazing I always
watching bugs all the time
mama-mama bum yeah common bum bum is
amazing I love you so much you're
amazing
oh shut up to my mom shout out to my dad
shout out to everyone
oh my god I would say I was a cry but
yes thank you thank you you'll see
you'll see crazy with it yes yeah
there's so much room yes thank you Wow I
have no clue who that is like absolutely
no it is
why these are so cute are they brothers
my dog what kind of dog is that what
ulterior motive you bonus that's dope so
sick I like it
hey who is that it's a brand-new today
I'm watching ya smell shit in Carina and
what you do huh was that your palm
Oh
oh yeah baby let's go servant oh boy
I'm ed Kumar
I know
Oh
huh Dada
love it
you know what the heck is that by the Oh
buddy good job max you quit we all want
the right shirt I'm gonna say hey I got
servo hey I noticed you some broke-ass
chillin shouldn't all I care about
though and I feel it so far I know where
you guys from huh Nick remember oh nice
that's good you gotta wash your blood
yeah my man thank you guys so much about
this place looks so dope it's called
third Street so the family gets my
earlier I believe there was a Marriott
Oh Myra
Amir and Osama birthday with all my
clothes about spot mr. Street guys the
third sister streets in the best
shopping center in LA in isn't my
favorite place to eat and also
natella what hello I steal on - I'm
Nutella ice tea latte or an ice are you
really awesome you do good ice cream
beautiful I don't I ask me beautiful I
like frozen yogurt and Nutella crime
pays I'll take the cup accident without
them knowing but I didn't know now I got
a free cup so we just live oh my god mom
mama Jean I feel so back she was so so
sweet I got my ass kicked for this
ground literally literally I got my ass
the ice was he who is to say I was it he
was the passed out got it and I was
shocked I was talked about atom bombs or
that I loved him much when I met him and
he's that kind of a boy or I was shocked
on my trust that I trusted the love I
have for him I was shocked
totally oh I'm sorry but we got a break
comes I'm uploading it tomorrow
definitely up tomorrow so this one is a
well I'm so sorry I love you I have
observed or so bad I'm leaving on my LAX
I'm gonna miss LA I get miss ma la I
miss you thank you thank you so much bro
thank you for everything will just thank
you for coming Lamar next time
that's one item one item and let's just
say it might not be in California it
might not be a Calif I mean do you go I
don't know maybe 100 so my god Sawadee I
said peace out well thank you guys so
much we see ya soon what I want to say
right
instead of doom again so the most
craziest thing just happened right now
so I was walking and then this lady was
walking next to me and I'm looking at
how much she looks so familiar
and it was Michelle Rodriguez from fast
and furious fish coventry from fast and
furious and I legit walk away then I see
TMZ like filming her so they were kind
of bothering I told CMC I'll do back off
really this cat she did a service she's
a really nice lady so I started like
walking the talk over we went through
security together airport security and
she kept the whole time she's telling me
like don't see anything so the whole
time I'm the only one that knows she's
Michelle Rodriguez
we had combos together we're chilling
and talking oh my I told her my whole
youtube channel
I could have filmed because we go
through airport security I got a picture
with her you got to see on my Instagram
and it was oh oh my god it was so crazy
I cannot but this is like oh my god I've
been getting like bless these past
couple days having to let think we'll of
fluid everything and I don't know if you
guys see here Michelle Rodriguez Tiger
to Adam said what up and see her I'm
gonna end the vlog here headed back to
New York City
don't be getting use your thumbs up if
you're me to post the prank that I did
on mama G's tomorrow is one of the
craziest most random pranks I've ever
done in my life I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me a thumbs-up
thank you guys so much for all the
support I'll see you guys with my family
tomorrow
take care
and pips
I like he doesn't love Valley
I'm here for you always a favor
I'm strapped full tooth let me wipe em
away I never came this what you say
