if you ever get to meet Donald Trump
what would you do hi-yah why is the
supreme in the back of my shirt and I'm
not even wearing my shirt backwards they
got this in the front they got this in
the back man I'm trying to show this you
guys this is what I'm gonna have to do
to show my outfit Milly I'm gonna have
to do an Instagram picture yeah what's
it look like I'm twerking Hey
what's poppin to do me yank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy then today I'm gonna be
visiting and Adams family member that I
haven't seen for a while
his name is say I'm sorry I missed him
so so much I haven't seen him for so
long he's seriously my fav like his
responses are so funny
matter of fact let me FaceTime say off
right now and tell him that I'm coming
let's see his reaction will he get
excited yo yo ya'll say up what's up how
you doing good I'm coming I'm gonna come
and see you I told you guys yeah is the
funniest responses so I'm bout to head
to scrape but before I have this crib I
need to turn my hair to blue I need to
let it match you know what I'm saying
and if you guys haven't seen yesterday's
vlog the link is down below
I still got black dye over here and
still doesn't want to go away but let's
do it let's turn my hair into blue this
is what I got it's a wax and it's gonna
turn my hair into blue this is craziness
hey I was gonna be like what the hell
unless you watch today's vlog but look
I'm not gonna put that much cuz I don't
want it to be like extra extra blue I'm
I look like an idiot I might just put a
little bit on the top just to make it
look cool like a cool wave to it you
know I'm saying I got Sun and then let's
dial it like this let's do it
hey it's a little blue and today he's
here I don't know if you guys notice it
do me yank but I did like a whole little
shade of blue I didn't want to do too
too much I like it navy blue you can't
really see in the camera but in person
it looks Navy issue bluish and the only
bad things about these look man like
blue goes and your fingers and stuff but
a do me I'm heading to say
you subscrib before I had that makes you
guys subscribe if you haven't subscribed
then what are you doing subscribe and be
part of their do me gang you know do me
get hey this is just fake ganks I don't
know what I'm doing don't forget things
like it thumbs up I appreciate every
times up you guys give now let's go see
say - let's let me go up - man I'll see
you on the next shot do me yeah you can
see my hair a little better right now
it's like a little shade of blue I
promise you guys real soon I just made
the appointment to take my license and
to get my perm and everything cuz my
permit expired yo I'm gonna say he's
giving me like a whole tour of his house
and stuff what happened what does this
say what was yeah what is this hey let's
pick your day let me see you how you
like what you do oh you look so cute can
you do this a smile so we jump shot so
me jumps up be careful
slam dunk do you have a fish yeah yeah
three fish what's the name of the fishes
Nemo blue blue this is the third one
that's the third fish wow what's what's
betta they don't mean he's gonna eat
them damn guys I don't think this fish
can be with the other fishes because
this one will eat them do you want to
put your finger inside it's gonna bite
you let's see I'm put my fingers have
two bites me Oh
yo man say I've be having the coolest
things in this house what is this
he's blowing it right here oh whoa you
see what the hell bro this is crazy man
this how you guys get a-goin freaking
balloon whoa no use if I'm loving you
chairman yo I love you setup my son
looks so dope looks like a gamer these
headphones what is that
is this the Gulf of day Arabia why I'm
not gonna lie I just found in my house
you know you're from the golfer golfer
by the way guys Youssef is coming
through whatever to San Francisco
California California right ii so ii saw
you keep that light this lights up in a
dark let me see watch okay what this is
yo man well we getting lit by balloon
man this is like you a piggys disco club
i8 hey hey hey do me gang we just got
done eating lunch I'm with the man say F
right here if you guys do not know a
it's a birthday January 23rd happy happy
birthday say I love you so so much huh
so me and Yusef sadly we're gonna miss
his birthday but once we're back winning
throw you the biggest birthday party
ever
yes what kind of birthday party you want
pokemons so make sure you guys wish they
ass big happy happy birthday he is tiny
in my tongue yeah oh sorry sorry Julie
yeah i drooled on him will I be much
sorry
hey yo we got the same we got the same
freakin saliva we got the same blood but
we don't have the one I love so much
yeah understand how much I love is doing
his biggest wish I love the funny video
so I want those kids birthday any sad is
this a lot he's like I miss my new mommy
he said that his birthday a lot of it he
said out loud you better not say that
I'm not oh no mommy who's he who's he
favor uncle Adam eh
so say I have some questions for you and
we're gonna see EEMA
how you gonna answer it ready alright so
a ma do you know I'm a a guy do you know
who's Donald Trump president well he's
the present that's good that's very
smart
okay I wasn't expecting you know but
that's really really good a mom how do
you think he did so far this year as a
president how did he do why do you think
he's bad Billy
he hates Mexicans so since you're
telling me that Donald Trump is bad and
stuff like that so what's something nice
you can say about Donald Trump if you
can compliment what can you say Craig
yeah do you make me laugh do you know
that you don't care well I care cuz you
make me really really happy but I mom
what else you want a roast you want to
roll down a chump what else you want to
say if you ever get to meet Donald Trump
what would you do you'll pull his head
why would you put a zero or not do you
want to be the president of the United
States of America when you're older why
yeah because why I don't want to do it
does it cool Chris
so you saying presidents they come out
and they just they just talk and stuff
yeah I want to tell the wall news yeah
but isn't that good you know you gotta
let the let the media know why who would
you want to be president me do me gang
so I saw this on the Jimmy Kimmel show
where he was asking kids like questions
about Donald Trump so I decided to do it
with say yeah and say I'm has the
funniest answers I feel like his answers
are like the funniest ever so I'm you
know Barack Obama who's better Barack
Obama or Donald Trump they no no Donald
Trump looks like Pennywise like
Pennywise what this dude is just roasted
guys one of my favorite vegan fruits is
pomegranate
we'll just called little man in Arabic
oh by the way you do me yang say yeah
just pranked usable actually it was like
by accident man use it was shot prank
safe and he's trying to sell say F for a
dollar to me and then say I've agreed
and said he'll go with me for a dollar
and then use of got food you got played
this is why I never prank
oh my god why do you who taught you this
why why do you listen to him alright
okay who's your boss screensaver what
what is it
how ya what let me see you let me see
you go get it what your hands are mimic
man why are you freaking brainwashing
the kid to making him his boss man yo
that's you but how do you have the huh
you say F man you gotta pull me out your
background is that okay yeah yeah yeah I
come come
say cheese our snapchat this and I gonna
take that picture from the video and
you're gonna put as your background okay
yes why not
all right guys to say a few wants to
give a shout-out to someone because he's
a big fan of this youtuber this person
is also one of my friends I haven't seen
him for a while but hopefully if I'm
ever in San Diego I'll see him but I'm a
safe who is it telling Facebook phase
right what's up what you want to say -
we want to say - phase right huh if you
are take this give me your face give you
a face who the dog you likes dogs if you
guys don't ocf is like a big big dog
number
what should I get something we should I
get a German Shepherd or husky no I'm
except right because I'm actually
getting one you're getting one I'm
getting one first oh yeah yeah how about
this if I get one we'll share it
together so you come over my house and
you'll take care of it Oh give like a
lot to you then you give one to me what
I love saying that's a good idea man if
anyone has a German Shepherd out there
like if you eat if you're even if you're
even if you're selling if you having
babies I want like a move on baby German
Shepherd because it's so hard to find
one let me know I want one so bad so
which one of the big ones
no but if we get if we got like an over
one baby one we can raise it we can make
it'll be cute yeah we can make a like
Zampa and plus at the same time hey jump
and push like what hey that's thick we
could train it and be dope right so
anyone watching whoever has a German
Shepherd or nose of a German Shepherd
okay I see you first shot already in is
that fair do me
pretty good I'm gonna miss you so much
okay
I'll miss you I'm gonna see you next
time when you're six okay do we got just
go along with Mawson Andrey mind
spending my last few hours with them
weapon you got a haircut what you try to
get him Mohawk let me see
come who did your hair like this huh
again the girls yeah what your girls did
this what girls are speaking to a girl
did your hair cut you have a girlfriend
Muzzin you not allowed to have a
girlfriend you're three you're not for
your three three I'm gonna miss you guys
so much guys I'm leaving - way out yeah
I'm leaving to California tomorrow
morning no no I can't don't fight but
the hell don't fight everyone this is my
first time traveling in 2018 and it's
gonna be a little it trip that Slim's
boo boo yes it is that's your boo boo
that's your boo boo yeah kiss your
boo-boo kiss it kiss it no you wanna
kisses do me game you want to kiss it
again why are you trying to go around
kissing people the homie use of is here
he's packing I might start packing
slimming to keep they're coming through
because tomorrow morning we're leaving
to the airport to stand friend then
after that what cos is gonna meet us is
gonna be us 5 me Yusuf slim to keep what
cost my kid now way is gonna be lit it's
gonna be sunny and we have a big big
dope house over there man we got a
minute
we got a mansion you know say keep you
guys updated until something to keep
calm so I'll see you guys in the next
shot you oh thank you see good pitch it
I'll give it a shot next time you guys
have to sleep you guys have school
tomorrow
you go to school now yeah do you have
any questions in school yeah what's your
questions name teachers across yeah Reba
are you laughing at
either you got a crush you got a crush
yeah Muzzin stop you can't have crushes
so you like her for that
Remis what are you laughing it was just
like me whenever I laugh I can't speak
okay we know you like your teacher I'm
gonna tell her I would your puzzles too
all right guys guys I think you guys
have to it's time to sleep yeah it's
time to sleep you guys have school
tomorrow
yes no it's nighttime right now yeah do
you know that I'm CF is gonna live here
now no no no you guys are gonna be with
you sir you guys listen you gonna leave
me huh all right it's fine I'm gonna say
three money fine yeah fine fine my UPS
then we use it
Wow it's like that yeah damn awesome I
see how it is pretty much my baby girl
I love you mom you're a baby you're a
baby I'm a big boys up screaming you're
screaming like a baby yeah and by the
way muffs and you're getting chapped
you're going to sleep
hi guys I'm gonna put rimas hair to turn
blue just a little piece just to make a
little cute looking muffs and he's
scared what's wrong with you huh are you
scared
what are you scared off it goes away
after a shower buddy yes it does buddy
yes because she's not a pump like you
yeah you like it or not do what me now
you want it he made sure you're free was
alive after and now he wants to do it
what color you want yeah you wanna be
blue here or white blue brown you yeah
hi guys Munson is about to have blue
hair you ready you sure look his big
okay no move look up look up in the cup
yeah huh ready for Kathy oh yeah sure no
you're not coming
yeah gonna call you just just ol boss
man you're not going bro heard you got a
haircut oh my god well you guys ready
says it's gonna be lit I'm waited for
you guys just end the vlog that's it so
do me I'm here to rap live you guys are
ready for what's about to come and Cali
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
key Turkey guys ready for tomorrow yeah
well flight tomorrow see you guys
tomorrow
take care peace I love you I love Mosel
of you I love you
I still work the lecture still so far
from greatness y'all still got time a
good girl still violate a fake Church
just got home from Lebanon my passport
got so full I have to get another one
