my god oh my god that was so
nerve-racking that was like I was like
so like I just made myself look like a
complete idiot but she's so so sweet hey
guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
SuperDuper amazing we are here in LA
forgot a crazy crash look at their
doughnuts you have M&Ms M&Ms sprinkles
like foodie pebbles sprinkles s'mores
Nutella and they have bacon this is like
the most Haram don't have a bacon
doughnut row but I'll say you gotta get
down L a bacon doughnut look at this
shop
you guys eat bacon just build like
you're looking at say your Z Baker's
doughnuts nice spotted I'm at the YG's
house and I'm here with delicious I'm a
serious question right who's a better
brother hua ji aiming or am it what I
you gotta give you three good reasons
why and have that prove them because
he's new he's nice and you're carrying
are you ready huh as good as there's no
more homework help
Oh a shot to remove your watch this - it
wasn't me mama Gian hopefully it's Kyle
mo cheese kidding
everybody's gone violate these gonna
blast thanks you had a question
we are right now with Mom og mama DC hi
hey she's so sweet so she's not so bad
today I'm having a YouTube party in my
home hey we have everyone is literally
here
oh yeah moment you party in our house
today hey she's she's a big boss out of
all of us oh yeah she's a queen out here
so see okay I'm going to say something
in order and you need to figure it out
alright I know some air do so you know
don't treat me like a trickle yeah oh
wait thumbs up yeah good we have made
what he do yeah so we are at the goal at
the Nike store cookin Mitchell
like a handle game where we steal the
plumbing I'll give him pair of sneakers
in 30 seconds you need to get theirs and
so twenty nine point seven seconds he
stole it so I what I got to do it I got
to do this thing I don't want to be that
type to lose in like mega but so I had
to give him pair of sneakers and he's
telling you not to try to force you out
I guess for blood I'm force it together
because but I will
I'm getting a mess and I said I'm
outside so that's it
we gotta cover the rails yeah these ones
out of you know that's it do you get the
better scan I got better
I have my friend Tori alright guys we
are leaving back to New York City in a
few that's gonna be huge shout out to
the homies caius I've met them I got my
honey busta freestyle and in a roll real
quick oh we in California but we're at
New York - oh this is for myself I'm in
yg and the crew Oh Adam thank you for
coming I'll see you soon in New York
because you know we is coming then a bar
okay before vacation
oh let's just say they bought the end a
vacation now so real you can call me
Pablo more oh we got a lot of plaques
but we need like four more shout out to
youtube call me on my phone hello hello
just leave me alone
Oh huge shout-outs it up for shorts
around La why just dying baby chat up
time thank you guys so much
seriously always giving us a company
you're gonna come to New York Boston
yeah okay mo another one coming soon
what's up a doobie gang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having a
super-duper amazing they right now it's
about 3:30 p.m. and something crazy and
something big is gonna happen today and
I was so so excited no social nervous
and I don't know I'm filming this video
but like I need to like get going
because I am meeting my youtube crush
superwoman like I've been watching her
since 2012 2013 ever since she had about
74 thousand subscribers and seeing her
like she works so so hardly I've seen
her worked so hard when she was in that
amount of scammers and I still see her
work even harder but she's at the at the
place she is right now that she deserves
so I never really fangirl over like any
youtubers a nothing like that but like I
know I'm a youtuber and use some useful
words like oh they try to be like you
know stuck-up like oh I shouldn't be
failing other you talk about I don't
care I'm a huge fan of superwoman so
this is what happened I kind of like you
know slid inner demons you know I'm see
how it supposed to meet her about three
years ago at Tehran awesome eater a
couple years ago
and again and all didn't work out
because whenever I'm in Toronto she
would be like in New Zealand something
whenever I'm in LA she would be like
back in New York it will be like the
opposite in Oregon so today is the day
and I feel like it's super amazing I
feel like this is like like a present
because I just reach the many
subscribers so this is a dope like the
coolest present ever and like I need to
go like you know like I need to go you
know get ready because you know I don't
want to keep her waiting but I need to
like still be perfect and like every I
need to give her a good first impression
so let's do this
so I know she loves men who work out
like you knows a couple muscles but
looking really I'm really skinny like
I'm if you guys see me person I'm like
much more skinnier like I'm skinny kind
of guy but you know what's all good and
blue push-ups right now this is for you
want it oh oh okay I'll be a little pup
now so she'll see some veins coming out
OPI weak why should that be a good first
official look at the veins she like Zam
okay okay I got to work it out done okay
so now I need to okay I need to go dress
up she likes I'm pretty sure she doesn't
like guys who look like eff boys and
sometimes people look at me they think
I'm an FBI sore
I'm gonna go dress up and make sure that
I don't look like an FBI sword let's do
it okay maybe I should wear a hat now I
look more like a boy with this maybe I
should wear this hat represent New York
City nah I like even more like a boy
like this way up any like a button-down
shirt like oh my god I didn't get as
much clothing when I came to up you know
what I found one I found it
let's do this this one should work out
the small one of my favorite like I need
to look classy but I really like any
little thing good okay I'm ready to go
sebou Minh I love you and I'm gonna be
kind of nervous I usually get nervous
when I meet someone like a crush them
right I'm ready to go let's do it it's
I'm so so mad like I'm literally I get
bad luck my frickin Cologne finished my
secret cologne that I use finish that I
can't
like oh my god I'm seriously not trying
to stink when I'm in front of her this
is though come on
work work work my boy
come on these mom just think it's done
hello you know what you know what I'm
gonna just use it for Greece she won't
know ah so I'm waiting for my over to
come and it is taking so so long it's
been like six minutes usually overs take
like two three minutes for me but it's
taking a while so I'm waiting I'm sorry
some women I promise I'm coming extra
early you won't be waiting because I
will never make you wait heavy too and
you won't promise you won't Adam yeah
how's it going man hey each other's
company that was fast over but I was
literally like two minutes so happy they
don't know nothing about LA I was
literally like never two minutes a
minute and a half in the uber that was
just so so awkward and I do not know why
I'm getting so nervous like
all right before I go let me pack the
site how should I do it
hey Superman uh-huh hey Lily I see Lily
you sir woman hey superwoman how was it
not shaking fun like you have fun hi
how's it going oh I'm so nervous
oh yeah I was so nervous I guess it over
I get like like all right I'm still
practicing her hey how's it going super
oh I know
hey baby I'll be a Superman how's it
I'm about to meet my wife how good
it's 426 right now supposed to meet at
4:30 and kind of nervous because like
huh should I go this early if I'll go
this early I miss even sooner
so like thirsty if I like no I don't
know what to do
should I go earlier should I get mini
late so you could go play hard to get
no one should go to milk nah I'm not
going that way because yeah that's not
that's like it ok I'm going I gotta go
this way to meet so getting a cup of
water from five guys so I can have
something cool my hand I'll be like a
month ago so what were you telling I was
I was gone toasted hey guys so I'm here
and she decided not to show up so I'm
probably gonna just like head out and
like go hold them she's so sweet and we
have Hubble I'm about to die another
look just my heart and I wanna be humble
the poet here he's so sweet what that I
was so cool so dope I am sweet I know
I'm fine he's so handsome
you know I'm not some substation I I
don't know if it stopped I don't know
what to say but um activities I'm
supposed to point out Leland I just want
to say that Susie I've been watching her
ever since she had 74 thousand
subscribers and she's been one of my
like biggest I wasn't
the same present she been one of biggest
inspirations and she works so so hard
like literally she does a lot to be bad
so I want you guys always like show your
love support fur and no matter what just
like no show I don't know oh this is
like the night changes music video like
right here you know what this drink just
to like be cool yeah swear I got it for
five guys minor yeah I got a revive I
know the guy I mean holy thank you I'm
sorry don't worry don't support is like
a fight oh my god oh my god that was so
nerve-racking that was like I was like
so like I just made myself look like a
complete idiot but she's so so sweet and
she helped me a lot me she literally
helped me like be more calm I am a
confident guy but like the thing is like
you know when you like watch someone for
so long you're like you enjoy watching
someone and they see you support someone
for so long then you finally see them
again just it's just crazy on shastri
and she's so so like she's even more
beautiful in present oh I got one scary
dog I did my superwoman nice kid booster
for me oh so hi nice Katie you dog
I just messed up when I scare today has
been an amazing amazing day like it's
just memories Nia and I really hope you
all have an amazing day tuned I'm
probably gonna end the vlog here
seriously because it's just been a
blessing I cannot believe like with all
the support and love that I got I
seriously cannot believe in I met
superwoman today she seriously one of my
youtube inspirations and she's seriously
so so amazed and a lot of you probably
all but she's just youtuber no she's not
just used to be she I've been watching
her since like three four years ago so
and I would always see here like works
so hard like she seriously puts in so
much effort and when I'm speaking with
that today I can see it in are like she
has like a passion she always works hard
well then what she does that she deserve
to be where she is at right now and the
fact that like I got to like you know me
enough did was was seriously felt so
good it felt so amazing and I can't wait
to like work as as hard as her and to
keep going win a child but thank you so
much superwoman make sure you guys check
her out any of you guys you guys should
all know but make sure you guys check
her out her link will be down below if
you do go to her video and go to her
latest vlog that she might
put up I think I'm in it but go to your
lady's in her lady's vlog and leave a
comment below
show some ado me gang love say you're
gonna do me and and leave little sweet
comment for her because she deserves
that she's so so sweet and she's so so
humble thank you so much once again
answered huge homie humble the poet he's
so nice so down earth and he luck he
likes New York so Oh with my watch hey
thank you so much heaven be wrapping up
the vibe here make sure you give it a
thumbs up for superwoman before being so
like like oh my god just just give it a
thumbs up because I went through so much
you guys do not know how like I'll see
you guys tomorrow Doniak take care and
pick I'll owe you
I'm here for you
always a favor promise you that
let me write them away okay
this would choose to say
