today is the day we are going skydiving
celebrate success the only way the right
way
skydiving let's do B drivers very not
very nice to take us two hours away to
go to Skylab thank you so much it's a
great sight grace thank you so so much
for taking us to this place and it's
really far I appreciate it thank you
definitely coming back to my whole
family is calling me right now and
they're trying to stop you from going
skydiving and I'm already like literally
29 minutes way to go inside that my
brother call me all my three sisters are
calling me my dad is calling me problems
call me their buggy Oh like when I say
bugging out they're going crazy because
thing is of a home family they always
think of the worst situation possible
which is I feel like it's bad they
should always think positive I mean they
do think positive but whenever I'd do
something crazy which I am kind of a
daredevil other crazy stuff they bug out
on me I go crazy I mean I feel like I'm
back sixteen seventeen years old I
remember when I just do crazy stuff they
used to come and try to stop him
literally like they would stop me but
they can't stop me not because I'm in
the other side of America and mom dad
all my sisters and brothers I love you
guys so much and I'm doing this for you
guys I'm risking my life for you guys
and the filming gang and it's something
exciting just to like show you guys
something
dope so trying to celebrate success the
only way the right way mom was like
salary success by going to a restaurant
and go eat yourself duppy sabe end up
like macho macho so no
I'm have to turn off my phone what's
that oh one closed says road closed this
is scary
maybe this is a sign telling us not to
go yeah we feel like he looks good the
Sun goes up alright so this is a really
bad idea me some I don't know it was
more my day we're watching skydiving
accident
on YouTube and me slim are bugging out
right now with looking at his accidents
were buggin I do not know why we are
here in the middle of nowhere
man oh man we are here so so scared guys
like you don't know how worried how
scared I am like literally risking our
lives like I've never like I'm still 22
years old only thing my kids my mom
would see my kids that's what she was
telling me on the phone mom I love you
sorry for turn on turning off my phone
what a shot life as well hope so like
that fuck
my phone's no cream first time Oh No
biplanes huh
will it be c6 every time oh is it a
horse on ya first time yeah buddy yeah
buddy does where do you sign my life
away yeah this is so so scary man so
scared
we made it somehow we made it and we
both got a certificate right here
certificate of achievement and she many
subscribers to channel on at k2 channel
and Hatake on Instagram and he and how
many feet I don't know however many feet
high and jumping out of a plane
we literally jump out of a plane I feel
like I can do I can do anything now like
I'm brave and like a fearless now I
started acting you get so scared but
like this is this is a scare for Alice
slim go first so once I seen slim go he
turned from tall it's like a little a
I'm like I can't do this I can't do this
yeah and the guy just put me out he's
like no and I made Slim's I made like
his truck to go crazy and like spin him
around so it was a crazy crazy
experience and it's all for you guys so
hope you guys enjoyed it thumbs up do me
a game for facing our fears so yeah
we're finally back at our apartment
the place was about two three hours away
from LA and it was so so far we had a
little nap about to meet up with Kai's I
hammered and watched you right now but
we're kind of setting up Kai's right now
hopefully he's pranked her that well and
we're gonna do something I try to pull a
prank on him last time I was here but it
didn't really go well so I came up with
other idea to set him up why he comes
out apartment and I make it think for
some evil evil kids
so while me slim were skydiving I was
trying to pull a crazy crazy prank on
him while we were there and I was trying
to get the instructor to like cooperate
and like work with me I wanted him to
make believe he was like like sick in
the head like you didn't take pills and
he was like had to go like hey man let
me take pills I'm falling asleep so son
come back up so the guy did it for the
first 10 seconds slim bugged out and
went crazy and then they're telling me
that they can't do it and they can't
continue on from it because if they
continue on it's not going to be a good
thing
my bug-out and something that bad but
might happen so he told me I can but
then I try to say it cannot push him off
like the plane as a prank I want to do
like a crazy crazy prank but they didn't
let me but I tried my best because I've
seen some of you guys telling me pranks
limb while skydiving I didn't want to do
it because it's kind of like dangerous
and really hard I tried
then it didn't work out I guess it's
meant to be so what is up we're here I
would say what up
so already filled yeah we're just guys
guys coming in a few and it's going
crazy so I'm gonna yeah that's it
referre I'm ready
definitely laughs or a million thank you
so much we finally got the homie guys
we try to get him last time but was kind
of like a fail so we wanted to light
believe I fell for easily we need it we
needed the help we need the help and
watch it I meant to set him up with this
we may believe that we're gonna film
like a collab video in our apartment and
then he came and then like let's just
say like it went down but now I gotta go
back to you know the show that you guys
don't figure out how I get you guys now
you ain't doing good I guess I'm on
tranquil they know i'm unprintable let's
just say I might be in New York and you
might not even know it
I thought you got arrested I know some
peeps over there you know cash yeah but
you know it was always fun now we're
going to his place to film a real video
for his channel and we don't like this
little real video or is it love you I
don't know yet
I'm gonna find out but goodies like will
the posh
magic and I just got him right up so
weird
- sushi date Oklahoma Maaji is a went up
Amalekites left us they're going at it
like that that's all good we hear this
all through so we look at is we're
having some shoot so she I don't know
what to get putting the cheese add
another is really hard you know really -
I was like these New Yorkers are crazy
you guys are weird well alright guys I'm
going to be wrapping up the vlog here it
has been a long crazy dampen up since
6:00 a.m. it's about 1 2 a.m. right now
I said thank you guys so much
all you limbs apart thank you for being
through this journey with me on the
skydiving crazy journey and I'm just I'm
exhausted I'm literally gonna go edit I
have two videos to put up tomorrow on
the main channel so make sure you guys
check it off you guys want to see all
the skydiving footage go check it out
down below and go give it a thumbs up
because I'm gonna be choosing giveaway
winner from YouTube and a second-place
winner from Twitter here's got you the
link of the link down below I'll see you
guys tomorrow
take care or peace
I'm here for you always in favor come
shoot at those teeth let me write them
away I know okay that's what you say
