Rema is extra extra mad at means pretty
much like we're breaking up snapper
hey guys what stop to do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing it because I'm
having an amazing powerful day so if I'm
having an amazing powerful day you guys
should be having an amazing powerful day
is about what an afternoon right now I
had to put up the blood but this would I
always do every morning early afternoon
I go to the gym I box I do a lot of
training I barely like someone to focus
on like training like boxing working out
but I had an idea I don't know should I
like I don't know shot put in like bits
of me like working out
it's that okay what you guys should I
even start a new channel and like making
it long videos to show you guys like
since I can't but since like they took
my boxing laces away and I can't fight
in the street or I can't when I'm I
can't fight outside should I just like
teach you and show you guys like some
tips and like so crazy boxing videos are
like working out and today it's not
gonna be boring working out videos I
just showing myself like just
interesting crazy boxing videos because
I love doing it and this like a whole
different world for me so you guys let
me know but anyways I'll give you guys a
little preview how about this I'll show
you guys how to make your hands faster
alright I'm gonna show you guys a little
secret I won't tell nobody I'm a total
mom - nobody messy bruiser I'm sure you
guys how to make your hands even faster
get some weights about five times this
is this is five pounds get some weights
and then do a little shadow boxing with
the first just you know
do about two three sets with this for
three minutes as hard as you can you got
to go hard if you don't go hard go home
so make sure you go hard after your
shadow box in the air with this you use
it on a punching bag use it on punch
back with weights I know people don't do
this but I do that trust me this is what
I just do in my hand get quick and swift
with this after that round of the
punching bag drop them you don't use
waste this time use gloves but they
don't have bottoms right now because the
doors lock stuff like that so I'm using
my bare hands basically when you use the
weights especially on the bag you feel
like you have probably like four hands
on top of you so when you let go of a
box on your own feels like you have zero
hands so you're just going like the
speed of light I'm going to use the
punch bag I'm gonna show you guys how
fast I got and this is no like
fast-forward to nothing
I mean you're gonna hear me go so this
is give me no fat and the reason why I
go is to let my air I don't just go for
no reason so that is pretty much how you
get speed up a little quicker you left
me yesterday to go hang out with Jay man
and you didn't want to hang out with me
only D don't want to hang out B so I'm
going to show you right now what means
Dina did okay Oh Paula let me pause it
Lynn posted your man where you coming
from
I don't know you're here my house all
right let me tell you so this one I did
with Dina since you guys wanted to leave
me and stuff like that look we had fun
we're looking at the clouds watch this
ready I gotta stay here and look at the
clouds
I'll give a toy I feel like I feel like
Dean has always been neglected someone
go out and give her like a toys cheesy
dessert right which one do you want Dean
doesn't know which one to choose
I don't know what's going to choose get
up getting loopy here here princess
so ya got a baby toy I got a car I got a
crown because she's a princess and yeah
that's pretty much what I got okay
okay Reba don't do that face they're
gonna make me use out of it trust me
hey we were hey don't do that face we
were there get it forever snapshot at
this human I'm done I'm dead Javad I'm
dead
Wow Oh guess who's here well look who
came right up perfect D na VT ream on
weapon hate you give it
why would you sit why would you sit no
ever Reema be extra extra mad at me is
pretty much like weird
we can get back together Remo I got you
you'll miss me when it's getting away
got it all beep save us when ready
I'm it me I'm yours if you'll have me
got it all beeps a fox when ready
I mean me I'm yours
Rima I mean you stop being jealous get
up come give milk let me give you a
crumb give me hug
we're gonna go out meeting today okay
why are you mad tell me what could you
give me then cool out good I always give
you cars too and I always give you stuff
yeah you have to be alright with me
giving Deana stuff - Dina never gets
toys she never gets toys
some days I may give you toys some days
I may give her toys right look I told
you yesterday
stop doing that face because they're
gonna keep snapshotting it and using it
as memes Rima do you want to be live
life as a mean huh do you want to live
life as a mean Dina I want you both to
give each other a hug let's go ya know
give each other hug let's go
you guys got five seconds four whoa
who's feisty now okay I'm just saying -
a do me gang today I'm gonna be doing
the impossible I'm gonna be taking out
Mawson Rima Dina and Jemaine I'm taking
out for kids for my youngest nieces and
nephews and I never ever do this I never
ever do this because for imagine going
out with Rima Jumeirah pretty crazy
going out Dina and Martin just took two
of them is crazy but I'm gonna go out
for them I'm gonna attempt to do it
hopefully turns out great I'm never
allowed to do it by babysitting them so
we're gonna go out we're gonna go turn
up and just chill for a bit I feel bad
for us and you want to go out so bad but
it's gonna be really hard eh we push it
will you push it pull you push in bro
well I'm gonna go out and I have the
black cameras is gonna be like look look
before we go out I need you all to
promise to me that you guys gonna bathe
yeah you promise me
I promise I'll be y-you seem like that
deena see I promise I'll behave well
what kind of hey he's the baddest boy I
swear he's the craziest boy Muslim look
you gotta behave we're going out the
crazy thing is I could have walked to
the park but I couldn't because they're
so crazy I had to take him over there
something it's literally like a three
minute drive so I'm fine
let's go be careful okay thank you thank
you so much Montilla Feige let's go man
oh I'm sorry sorry let's go go go oh my
god these kids are crazy
Oh going I hope if you guys want to take
over jackets take it off and put it here
like this this is our spot okay yes good
you guys are good
everyone's alright okay oh my god this
kid is created Muhsin look shut up Oh
chill out what's wrong with you you need
to chew it's good
he'll go anywhere I can't believe I'm
doing this I got four kids outside
usually you have to have like four or
five parents especially with these kids
they're crazy I can't believe I'm doing
it I'm doing love me okay you guys got
to tell me you guys ready yes I like it
hold on tight
yeah be careful whoa whoa whoa I made
you mad as the next messy right there
look at this Deena Deena Don Oh Jamal is
there Dina's here the hardest thing
about this it's looking like you have to
know where Jamal is you have to know
where Dina's gonna worry miss after no
I'm Weston is it's like good eyesight oh
my god this is crazy
give me that give me an give me give me
Allah Wow d hurry mommy - good job mass
again Moses Allah give me an give me a
hand you got this baby ball let's go
this is here to help ya
give me an baby boy what I love about
spark it's like a pyramid I've liked it
before like pepper like last year but
it's like a pyramid you have pyramids
here and you can go in a slide you go in
the paramedic go in the slide who can
jump over there mouse anonymous
anonymous mustn't daredevil he would do
it I know my son - I removed the Rema go
first
good job Musti wanna go gonna go let's
see if you smarter
let's go go let's go I'll give me on
here 1 2 3 whoa then I go 1 2 3 Wow
let's go I'm gonna take my son on a
roller coaster
ready
oh nothing to do fit most my mother
you don't have to press one we can take
it slow
we can take it to the having to workouts
today I have no clue where Jamal is he's
pretty much lost right now I don't know
juh man it's right there playing soccer
let's do play speakable forever high
higher you sure
I'll go extra I'll go extra high oh gosh
i sensing you stole behind you told me
hard you want to go high Muslim is a
daredevil he's a dead dog what he's a
dead dog watches ah nothing what you
sure yes I have to push each and every
single one of them equally man it's
crazy having four kids I got four kids
to be honest I don't mind like when I
grow older I want to have 30 kids six
boys seven girls two twins and one
triplet so hopefully all works out must
so move them move them come down buster
good job hockey thank you okay my son
kicking the ball moss and throwing the
ball huh
so world cup oh wow that's sick Missy
whoa this is a FIFA World Cup ball
that's amazing say thank you Monson oh
thank you man
he says thank you like watches thank you
awesome
hold on to me ready steady
get set cheeseburger it's like Ready Set
hotdogs
Ready Set okay okay ready
oh my butt hurts
it's not funny this is inside the
pyramid it's gone sir whoa hi
what's it is so lucky he could just walk
through her like it's normal I have to
bend my head it's the only time I feel
tall what screaming ARIMA I'm screaming
I said sir even he's gonna go beat her
up oh well I sent is that little boy who
tries to play with the big kid like it
was little punk but mostly stick to the
slide well stick to the slide boy Oh be
careful Dean go for Boston don't play
with the big kid
Reema he can't be gonna fall from there
this little East so much stuff going on
I can't take this
man babysitting these kids are just
crazy you know what you guys take care
yourself take yourselves up
I'm leaving I'm leaving
I can't take this in a magazine I'm not
gonna I'm not giving my cycle me
I'm giving away four kids for free you
don't have to even thumbs up yeah hey
you don't have to comment we got cha cha
what check that people know we did
everyone is hungry here we have a pie
pizza we have the cheesy bread
we got brownie here and the sauces are
all in there so we're ready to do it you
guys ready yeah whoa yes miss Bess
what's this he's about to eat it yeah
everyone is here eating pizza you guys
enjoying your pizza
yeah yes who's the best uncle yeah
what's his name who's your uncle what's
up we do meeting so a lot of you guys
have been asking about
rimas surgery that she's gonna have
inner ear nose and tonsils they
rescheduled it they postponed her
appointment I do not know why but it's
gonna be probably from a week or two
weeks from now but thank you guys so
much for your prayers and I'll keep you
guys all updated when she does Garrett
surgery and I'm so scared for it cuz
she's only four she literally doesn't
know what's going on but chela
everything will go will go great stay
positive stay strong and everything will
go cool but thank you guys so much for
literally like caring so much truly
means the world thank you guys so so
much and look my beard is growing my
beard is growing look alright guys it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoy this vibe who did you made it to
end this vlog make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey a goomy egg
thank you guys for all your crazy amount
of support every single day you guys
have been given literally 20 30 kms a
Samba you guys are thinking with 2030
thousand thumbs up on the vlogs like
this lately so it's been just
overwhelming and it's like a blessing
thank you guys so much
No
that like about 200 to 300 thousand of
you watch my blogs every single day is
like it motivates me to this one to like
work even harder maybe you guys smile
even more like praying every day's even
more so thank you guys so much for
tuning in every single day and like
being on this journey with me every
single day and being a part of my life
so thank you guys so so much for that
tomorrow I'm going house shopping and
it's going to be something big because
we're looking for a house that we're
gonna be out of this whole house is
gonna be the location the setting of the
atom song vlog so hopefully it go goes I
don't know well great we'll keep you
guys updated with that tomorrow
stay tuned take care of the MEAC and
pitch hello I'm here for you always in
fat promise you that let me
write them away okay this would choose
to say
