I do me again before you guys watch this
vlog I put up a new main channel video
the link is down below I hope you guys
down below the link is down below for
the main channel video make sure you
guys go to it is the first link down
below give it a thumbs up it's my first
main channel video that I've done for a
while and if you if it does well and you
guys go turkey on extra turkey extra
thumbs up I will be uploading a lot more
on the main channel so make sure to go
to it give it a thumbs up and thank you
so much and enjoy this vlog I'll be gone
like this video why was that hey guys
what's up boom again I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing it you all should be having an
amazingly I had to rush here to the
camera spot to get a new mic because I
couldn't find mine at home I was looking
all over for it so I have to get into it
right now so I can get to filming right
now real quick before it gets dark
anything we have to hopefully it's like
I don't hopefully it turns out great
actually hope you guys enjoyed this
video
it's more like a comedic video like a
comedy video than an inspirational one
so something to have like fun to make
you guys smell so like how much types of
mics they have there is regular singing
mics that these mics
these are I don't know Mike's I guess
more Mike's there Mike's Mike my homie
Mike right there a lot of Mike's Adam
yeah what's up I don't know I finally
got the Mike's I'm gonna be picks it up
the Mike's right now with the batteries
one way to slim comes not fit I what
God's coming because it's gonna be kind
of dangerous I need you know more than
one person around me just in case you
know something goes on in life as
YouTuber need to bring your laptop your
charger you literally have the cameras
Mike's clothes this colds Flushing New
York City it's harder but no near
actually where it's at and it is where
home is
I'm about to meet up the homework house
and I'm looking at it right now oh my
gosh he looks I look so different really
where's Adam look at his head maybe it
was a D but why don't want it cause it's
cool let's keep walking
better Facebook no better backup you
don't know ever recognized fishes
cowboy man you ain't got nothing I'll
punch on Sundays couple days so I expect
you
feels so good to be done with that video
and never do it again it's crazy how you
know that on top of the Joe
when people react that way to theirs
people go crazy to his supporters then
you know he's a joke that's how you know
he's like crazy simple joke I mean all
particular
they're lovely
it filled a part
yeah peace
so we are back at this arcade spot we're
about to play some basketball then after
that we're gonna go polish have a crazy
competitive bowling match because we are
competitive as always so three people up
there's Vikas Adam and slim first
impression what that kind of bow is that
well should you never got one
it's definitely here bro I bet it work
it's not like this in Pakistan oh you
play different Pakistan huh
what the heck oh okay okay you got a
spare you just got a spare this
so I hit 8 pins you got a spare in the
first round we want to see how it goes
some serigraph ten rounds so let's see
I'll go down some is going what the heck
Simo is a bow I messed up big-time
I'm losing so when I'm losing to slip to
that is what Cass slim all gasp so you
know what I'm gonna do I'm crazy right
now come on hey come on
and then they go huh
and they come I go come on you you go
come on come on I'm Adam Adam Adam come
back here
I don't come back here don't don't don't
don't blow em see if it's on TV it's not
your turn it's closer look at what you
do it's insane
you still lost oh no I lost we gotta
suck on Boston
come on make sure you get the straight
make sure you hear nothing
how do you hear nothing bye Oh guys got
1:21 I got 96 and still got 98 with a
fun game to the point game though but
I'm voting for Donald Trump
Oh Donald Trump alone I want to vote for
him
yeah your mother says I want to vote for
him
yo don't want a wife no food how is he
no good I know he's yes and I start
believe me you're lucky he has a good
heart
yeah it's a good heart no no hey wooden
one I can't open know what that just
woke up Christie he's eating
strawberries okay I just you know Femina
oh she can't get in your room like put
in your room Oh put in your room good
that's a sign Trump sign in front again
everyone feels great good you don't want
to see his face get one free Marie Marie
oh ah oh I am I am a move Leonor my I
move to I call me I'm moving on okay um
you promised oh okay not all that
garbage first
study some why you don't want to know
why you're too young
Van Daan knows that because Donald Suk
Donald Trump the UH river what do you
think about Donald Trump what the heck
breehn was having surgery tomorrow night
and I want each and every single when
you guys to pray for inshallah
everything goes well first I'm doing a
surgery I'm gonna put it sleep is
something here knows I believe like this
an extra skin something like that or
name huh this is the reason this is what
she thinks the surgery has come do you
know why you having surgery why that's
what she thinks she does like the
stomach is hurting so I have a lot of
deleted footage from the main channel
video that I did that posted today and
the crazy thing is I've been wanting to
do this video for so so long and finally
like I got to do it and it got done with
such a scary crazy video but I just
wanted to show the world that Trump is
truly a joke in the people that see and
the thieving the Trump supporters people
that see I know in supporting Trump
that's how you know it's a joke like
like if people go up to you and like I
don't take you seriously is seriously
just like a joke and this is why Donald
Trump is truly a joke and if you guys
live in America make sure you vote for
the homey Bernie Sanders so you feel the
Bern feel the Bern are you voting for me
you're gonna do oh yeah yeah everyone
for me present fine
yeah buddy no just choose one Mir you do
get gig get do is not here don't worry
he's not here hey anybody in Marathon
buddy okay yeah eat okay don't tell my
girlfriend I'm not gonna tell her who
are you waiting for me thank you so much
q5 I'm not gonna tell no one huh
I'm gonna go tell him right now happen
I'm to go tell him no you good girl
I'm gonna go to good God do what man was
so sweet she doesn't want to get anyone
mad she hates seeing people mad
do you hate seeing people mad huh yeah
she's a such a positive person I love
that you get that from me Rima being
positive you get that from me
okay okay I'm not I'm not I'm not gonna
talk I do I'm not I'm not let me just go
up let me just go let me use the
bathroom I mused about time okay
no no buh-buh-buh
okay close the closet like my dad's boss
are you sleeping are you
he was born in this country are you
voting for Trump okay then get out of
here you have a nice hair you look like
Drake when he was in Degrassi okay you
need to vote for Trump
Chomp Chomp Chomp whoo he's not racist
we just don't want Muslims in this world
I feel that excuse me sir would you like
to donate $20 for the Trump Organization
no way why not
why not look can I get you a please no
please come on please when Donald Trump
becomes president Hillary should be a
chef inside the White House you should
make him breakfast lunch and dinner
every night
yeah that should happen up that'll be a
better job for her and my men right
there knows it right - you think Trump
should be President right
Trump huh don't be afraid to say man
make America great again it's gonna make
him very great I do want to make him
very great again Trump is not racist we
just don't like Muslims and Mexicans we
don't like them that's not being racist
we're just being honest have you heard
Drake song just let's be honest that's
right hey doggy doggy are you voting for
Trump yeah hey sir what's this a shrub
make America great again okay you're a
trump flat yeah where you from I'm from
London you from London yeah are you
chumphon Holub happily not when Trump
becomes president is gonna take you back
to Queen Elizabeth is he yes he is you
want to change hats I'll buy a little
huh
are you serious I'm so serious
sir let me see look at the skirt no
don't ever and I'll sit there in five
this is serious thing since I why would
you send on this beautiful social with
it let's work on the everybody's gonna
go Joey no he's not how am I gonna go
switch hats I'm gonna give you this hat
damn it I'll give you that let me see
I'm gonna stop working I hope you guys
enjoy that video and what you have to go
extra turkey coming hey I want you guys
to go and yeah anyway guys Bamboula
link is down below give it a thumbs up
okay she sat next to me I want you guys
to give it an extra thumbs up and go
turkey because I want to feel that
motivation of having that first video
out for a while citizen so Rima is
getting surgery for three things it's
not only who knows I mean a mistake it's
her nose and her tonsils tonsils right
but also the main part is her ear I
believe her right ear she can barely
hear and they just found that out a
couple weeks ago which is really really
sad and I was testing everything with
her right now like I was giving her like
kind of like a hearing test she's
telling me straight up that she could
barely hear anything one ear so they're
doing something okay I mean I'm getting
it talking this year and talking that
you okay alright let's see if this one
hello Remo can you hear me though yeah
you give me that one each other hello
Reba can hear me that one which one do
you hear more which one do you hear more
you hear more that one so she hears more
in this one
and they said supposedly like in the
other ear she hears like as if she's
underwater but it's pretty scary about
sure everything goes well
rimas gonna be strong gonna be strong at
big oh yeah she's gonna be strong a big
girl and she's a positive positive
person she loves being happy positive so
she'll die everything goes well and
everything when your prayers to be I
don't you'll be fine
give me this I love you thank you
all right do me gang it's time to wrap
up this vlog I hope you all enjoyed this
vibe if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another daily vlog
take care peace
last time I should poke a number now I
hope I hope you guys liked the video bye
take a piss yeah hello I'm here for you
always a feather promise you that
bullshit then he write them away I know
okay this what you say
