okay oh my hey guys what's up a dummy
gang I hope you're having an amazing
beautiful day because I'm having an
amazing beautiful day it's a beautiful
day out here and NYC look at the sky
beautiful and sunny out a nice blue
skies today you can head to the city so
let's see how it go
as my camera hello
waiting for the train and waiting for
the train is really
you gotta be patient everyone for Bernie
Sanders authorities say the very
standard Michael Josh burns even bring
out ten people in to win this election
definitely well as Bernie Sanders feel a
burn and feel this nipple that I have
here
so I just got at the Train I saw a trump
supporter just now and she literally
Chryst me out because the whole Bernie
Sanders and I said I like Bernie Sanders
but it's all good I just ignored her
nuts went oh I don't feel like argument
any mood right now
cuz I got on top of that
so I just met up with a homie slim we
are
in Thompson we're about to do a little
shopping and I don't want my headphones
I'm about to promote scenes album
because that's only a larva listen to
the Past later so please play my
favorite games like so
open up a see what's inside of my
open up and see what Saturday
oh stop by we may look forward to this a
result apply oh it's good Evo I don't
wanna get stopped you're assuming I'm
making working on project Lou yup you
got a back channel I'm sorry you're back
you know I'm starting up on all my homie
Darren shout out to the homie dad what's
up I'm going to talk about a rapper too
so give me any topic I've finished look
but I am watching a boxing more so CI
a-- Massey is this you don't play your
distance
oh nice to unit video six send the yolks
without red there girl everyday when I
step no your Patsy the New York kids so
they knew your fake like the New York
Knicks and I represent the New York
brain too and you know mean they got
danger oh okay I'm from NYC but I'm also
an Arab and also a Muslim they always
messing with us up in customs but what
they don't know is that what girl people
Muslims we generous we adventurous we
got the hot tallest building in the
world United Arab Emirates Oh
sozin it - Ruben I guess y'all brother I
thank my dad uh huh bitch I think that
I'm fat Oh Millie rocket but I hit my
dad this hit me you don't fight it I
mean he's right there's money right dice
money I see a guy I was born
you know just little freestyle we had I
want to slim to have him look let me
show you came in with a free soul oh I
don't know you got a free style top of
the thing is in New York if you grew up
in New York like there's something in
you that you can come out some crazy
like rapping freestyles I don't slim
come on next time you know I'm a
Brooklyn girl Oh Brooklyn boom mmm this
is where the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy
Fallon is recorded that right here all
in here so I'm just chocolate store
popping and some chocolate try to go to
his other chocolate store but it was
closed
these ones open so we right dig in but
all about these chocolates these are
like the European grilled chocolate and
I'm saying these are the real ones
goochy goochy stone so spring is coming
and rain is coming so I might hit Gucci
rain boots on about how good you in was
last time but I was like a while ago on
my shoe size is smaller this is dope
look at this this one the dopest Jack
this absolute
this is so dope just a nice black tea
I'm delighted I'll make it I get a sugar
black tea Oh Oh baby I'm crying shit
6:55 for black tea I don't know if
that's worth it but this might be worth
at all this is so dope foods that I
don't know but this I'm guessing I'll
just round to that mm how much is this
this one's about almost like thousand
yeah little fire when I'm even get it
say what up get about it you can't put
the window down
what time what's up
Oh
I'm gonna tell you guys someone that's
captain going to go like this let me
tell you guys my dad's life story today
that I'm gonna handle a so cuz you go
Freddie
poor poor like literally no funny but I
haven't you eat no not always
eat nothing like that so you gotta but I
mean I'm gonna so look at I'm English
couldn't have didn't happen right ready
good grade I come before we start gonna
do that and I'd like to put my piano its
yeah Nana start but ball easily look at
my can um not much
I just can't want it like ah good okay
okay no lawman okay okay oh my his eat a
bit where's you huh
okay bye right yeah I love that you dude
let me tell you guys my dad's left store
okay so let's let let's evaluate okay
we're in you were born Yemen right yeah
like where were you born in the hospital
or in yeah what I put home I don't know
what I want that's crazy I like it okay
how did the how did the baby go out like
how did you go out you don't know I
don't know habla I don't know what I
would maybe that's crazy you don't know
nothing no nothing that's just crazy and
this is why this is why Spratlys January
1st 1950 and most of every single herb
that is a birthday degenerate first for
nitrogen so this is basically my dad's
village right here and I don't know what
this crazy guy is doing what oh my God
he's gonna fall I'm gonna hold I gotta
come back you gotta come back up used to
do that too how many people were in the
city looks like maybe like 20 people
over there at least come to tell you
well I was crazy but that was a couple
of thousands little this looks like two
blocks okay I didn't eat egg then I died
and I can chickaletta's harm in Times
Square look smaller the town square and
whatever's good that was quite a piece
of shit okay okay okay okay i midnight
okay okay
Allah that he had salmon at this time
salmon is like a Salmons like a psycho
city like a city name I thought was fish
like my dad a girl oh I'm over it my dad
grew up around here cool over here did
you sit very still
I swear to Allah okay okay I'll grow a
beard okay I'm afraid of a better person
like it I can't okay okay right there
this one I can't look I can't that's the
only picture that's there I can't you
can zoom in it's not touchscreen okay
it's not hometown what I what are we
okay like him did you ever like jump
from here to there cuz yeah yeah if you
can run time you should jump from here
to there nothing never nothing about
where you hack it I saw I would've done
the same thing if I was gonna do from
here to there how I'll do when he came
to America when he came to America how
old were you night it didn't feel like a
70 year old who was about it he was
about in his late teens with your kid in
P when he came he's about 60 70 came to
America so how was it when you came to
America was it like good were you like
amazed
did you see America as like oh my god no
what
we're gonna walk your man I think our
hours like this okay was a big deal
I would you get the edible you are from
mountains to America the big here okay
I'm bad I'm sorry I got you good girl
would I go says take it back see like I
take a scanner didn't know she's looking
giddy talk what do you tell the taxi
when you first came in you know Guinea
look at it son
I get to be TV but I have I picked from
the reef so you show them a piece of
paper to the taxi driver a days somebody
can address the things I try to give me
20 - Jonesy he'll appeal the taxi driver
said I'm never having away so yes I take
the taxi Menomonee out again so what it
is um that's what it says on okay did he
call you a bitch mm for agencies to make
ourself you know crackers he can keep
sexy he let you go yeah he let you go
yeah hey let me go walk walk
I get is walking and it hello when you
came to America you came alone yeah came
on by yeah okay but like stay with your
friend do it minute I would debit and
hung goody you stayed with a friend then
he told him he's hungry you want you
won't he didn't want to have like an
arranged marriage you wanted to see her
first so he went to my mom he stalked
her went to go look at her and then mom
was like what you do when you get away
get away and like even a fell in love
very bad we don't buddy touch me believe
me nobody touch you we're not good
what's up what's up fight me okay I
would I would sit in do he was watching
me quick don't say it beau I was bad
even when I were to hit the head hacker
used to punch rocks I get ya I'll punch
a puddle I'll push myself and I eat it
not swallowing it
what is the way believe me I was I was
crazy you know me you know me don't
compete with me cuz I'll compete my back
I'm telling you you're not gonna be
happier than me
what you
well don't say that I'm not even have
not even half of you yeah that fun
because you are the king not do me again
ain't ever what I was doing I used to do
tell me I tell me something bad you did
something crazy and bad you did an
animal try to attack you want you to
grab him yeah I know I hate him hear you
I saw an animal try to attack him and
then he grabbed the animal by the neck I
think that and I killed him you choked
animal by God and simple now what he
quoted theater how crazy back in the
days and the tail was going up and down
yeah I did something crazier than that
you know what I did you see the mind
today and I know that fuck you talking
to God
I'm melting him you know I have on me I
had a fight I had a fight with a kid
right and he got me jumped look he beat
me up and then they threw me inside the
trash can then I came out and I fought
all of them every single one of them but
I give you props you you attacked an
animal who try to attack you this I had
been a ak-47 Jaime you had what ak-47
ak-47 do you remember in Yemen would
mean you I don't want either one
akkadian you did oh you so you did it so
he had his ak-47 the animal the animal
charged at him and he grabbed him
instead of shooting he didn't want to
kill animal so I grabbed his neck and
moved him away like that so I got a
cable reach over here perhaps and he got
mad and said the set of jacket guide my
gun yeah whenever we go to Yemen my dad
be strong my god I come from right here
okay so do my brain Yemen will menial
Yemen and then you let me shoot the gun
in the mountain yeah how do you let me
and then he let me sure alone then I
took the gun and then I tried it I
almost flew back on Sabu my mouth flew
bike I forgot crazy and when I was
laughing at me I was young but it was
crazy but when he came to America and
then you got married and everything um
and then you had me as a baby were you
happy when you had me yeah you happy
yeah so why when you had me you had my
mace you had mace why or me and mace
like ten months apart she's a good okay
my like was he a mistake be honest oh
okay check what was he a mistake oh you
use the face how
was he a mistake marido no is he a
mistake in life
oh you said miss Paraguay see the I make
a mistake did you make him as a mistake
I'm just gonna end up like here it's
getting too long if you guys want to
stay more stay tuned and want to know
more about my family give it a thumbs up
I'm dead I'm dead wait wait
you want to go more hey wait oh wait am
I afraid wait look what everything yes
I'm gonna come I'm gonna how do you how
the man you tell me I'm talking to you
how do you how do we how are you I'm
talking deal okay hey I came back
working guess how old am I know your
birthday's answer my question
I know how deal get back to me okay I'm
okay no dude you look okay look yeah
cannibal funny look on the letter
command well so now I'm 30 years 200
years or 200 years what look to a woman
who buy a car would you like a shuttle
to our ankles shuttle - Kyle - ok - ok -
wood wood wood wood wood back we're back
we're back to me have you a query where
black work what would work laughs Thank
You myself worked so hard for me
what's one advice you want to give
everyone an advice like advice like
what's something however data we have
out of it ok hey um did a hangout like
inspirational Dingley what's what's one
thing you learned in life I believe a
lot to always believe in Allah yes J
what Allah mohamet us all about it
ok hey what you learn in life always
believe in Allah Allah always believed
in Allah I mean if good ok
oh we wanna back it all right I'm gonna
end the vlog here hope you guys enjoyed
it give a thumbs up
go Turkey and I'll see you guys tomorrow
and yeah he's still looking at the
pictures of our days laptop uh ok
mylan Arab - a wild imma leave the gun
over to take care peace thumbs up jabber
like love you guys take care peace I'll
owe you
I'm here for you always in travel time
see that bullshit let me wipe em away
okay this would choose a say
