if you but this movie that you made
right
hey guys what's up you're dooming i hope
you are having an amazing positive
smiling day because I'm having an
amazing positive smiling day so if I'm
having an amazing part of it
you all should be having an amazing
happy day whoever's making you feel down
or making you feel like crap you ignore
them and you just pay no mind to them
because you're much padding that and
always stay smiling because when you
smile it kills them it kills on the side
so keep smiling thank you go what are
you doing school you'd be who up kids
always annoy me okay okay don't don't be
you supposed to be killing with kindness
okay I mustn't hey what are you doing
this guy always comes and punches me for
no reason i watch this why just kicking
me for no reason
what is his kind of love is tough love
what are you doing hey Tony
what's wrong with you ah well ah that
hurt man was good idea
chillin chillin oh nice what is this
dude has had a fever for no reason I am
so so afraid when my son goes to school
he's gonna be hitting random students
for no reason like Japan is not here
he's out with his dad like out when a
birthday a nice cute birthday date so I
cannot see him I'm so so sad bye I'm
gonna see him tomorrow all of us
whenever the next time you see a man we
have a huge huge surprise for him it
might be his best birthday or it might
be his worst birthday so happy birthday
Jamaat and when we see you we gonna turn
up and it might you know I'm just saying
that's all I'm saying
it might get down and crazy but we love
you and thank you so much for making the
Adams family amazing and bringing out
the amazingness and you said Adams
family thank you so much younger I could
do push-ups while he's helping me but I
can't now I will go do that I got holes
my shirt you did not shine roast me no
one ever goes Adam salad you
cannot roast me bro you went from French
Montana - dj khaled how you go from here
- I like that you loyal you grateful I
appreciate how you go from French
Montana - do they come you need some
milk
push-ups no these kicks
Jamel is gonna get a crazy birthday cake
I'm warning you guys down I'm warning
you guys now Jame is gonna get a special
special birthday cake like I said up
that's it
careful what you guys doing comes it oh
my god I thought you think you guys are
the mature ones was good we randomly saw
them here I'm like Moses randomly so you
not why is Hamza doing is why just what
as soon as you thought there would not
the ratchet once I thought it was the
older Michaan's but I've spoken too soon
I don't know why but I love these trees
this trees look so good it's like life
so about to go jump off hums inhaler
this video man dude it that do that good
yes we drop you guys back you guys want
to come with us yes
so me my brother going out now gonna
take him to a secret location that no
one knows up like it's a superseded
location and I'm not even gonna say what
it is it's place it's a place to eat but
it's a place that not much people it's
unpopular place that's really really
nice so I'm not gonna tell you I don't
know I'm gonna find it but like
hopefully people don't know that because
the ice cream that milkshakes my I got
so popular you have 24 hours
this place is really really nice and not
much people go down it's so nice i'ma
show you guys this secret location what
does that thing doing in the middle of
street all the cars came in passive what
the heck
so we're at 34th Street times in
Highland that I'm coming me my brother
is here too I'm gonna take him to the
secret location I'm gonna take them to
see the seagull okay so fully they'd
like to see the location I thank you
guys it's a surprise
just be quiet and cool street let's do
this dude looks like he could be my
uncle grandpa and he's blessed him he's
lasted Keesha good the only thing I
would tell you guys about the secret
location is it's around 34th Street
that's the only thing I'm gonna say I'm
not gonna say where it is maybe I'm
gonna give it a thumbs up if you're me
to say where this location is when you
guys see and if you guys like it so yeah
only Brian mess of that you ready for
you ready building it's like what yeah
guys excited
39 for another Oh secret secret guys
that's it you guys ready he's gonna pop
great I know this place it's an amazing
place to eat and amazing and an amazing
amazing view pop to 36 37 38
do you pop
this is where they get Yes No maybe so
I'm so what you doing that is so dope
look at this view
basically in the secret location you
literally had dinner anything Wow
looking at the fire table inside we got
some juices we got some food they're
about to eat my mother's turn to eat
with chopsticks get the two like this
you know how to do it you know she's
given us ports and you're not even
eating your honey do me game you guys
want to know the crazy thing is look at
this crazy view and look how many people
are here no one knows about this and I'm
not saying that look many people are
here watch this nobody nobody nobody
nobody that's its literally only these
people and us and it's a Saturday night
in the secret location which crazies
fault my brother his birthday's tomorrow
April 10th happy birthday sir to Matt
and my brother
how you guys like in this by the legged
did you go there was
via file dest you know you're gonna face
us I mean if you got a small portion of
like Heidi wants it
why Chuck what's concerning it is good
I'm telling the secret location is dope
oh good yeah I'm still thinking and like
deciding if I should say where the
location is that I don't know you guys
I'm gonna anyone guesses where this
location is I swear you guys would be
like the biggest bounce like my homie
you servers here yeah came to a secret
location you can tell no one what is
that you sure
Hamza thinks he's cool doing the Kylie
Jenner lip challenge I'm gonna do that
dangerous how does it so my nephew's
have just got these low kicks and it
like so mm see her back right there
Yusuf that's sick I'm about to snatch up
you're right you're right what
Berber loosen that jacket Lisa doesn't
leave the jobs ahead job let's find soup
I like that on my green why does that
look like a drugged up Harry Styles and
Selena Gomez use like a joined up hair
cell so look at this picture
jemelle and Rima are having their early
birthday party and without us
that's crazy Haley listen hello she was
a boy swirl is that you I know what is
she doing then it's live without ya
what does this must be
I'm gonna get it it's like the new style
tonight have lights around you today I
feel bad for this dude his arm fell out
man give a handshake so we can magic
what are you doing
I swear this dude is crazy this is the
area where storms eShops right here
tell my man shut up I just wanna talk
this color is dope
I'm feeling like our cause is unique no
one ever has it yeah now you don't like
though to a lady feels like a bunch of
roadman my favorite British slang is
this oh you met your family because
that's the easiest thing say no I just
wasn't serious cuz he just buys with me
please what okay I swear it I'm done I'm
done I can't I'm I'm leaving
look at these outfits this outfit is the
I'm so rich I will sue you and my dad
will sue you to outfit what this is this
is iPhone 100 in about two hours a poly
gonna be 24 23 20 24 24 years old he's
still young bum so he's gonna be 24 I'm
still gonna be 20 to 10 to 23 sure you
just got done some shopping thank you
but in our house and we'll celebrate the
right day together we can give to mount
a nice little surprise you know say a
nice little birthday survivor I'm gonna
tell you guys what I'm playing am I
gonna say it to you because I don't know
if he's watching my mama tell you guys
food so 45 minutes of waiting slim I'll
take love I live for me I see one of the
comments or someone comments in there
like so is this some eyes looking about
to pop out ladies about to explode any
minute hashtag paper slim I don't think
I have big eyes bro damn v5 actually
want eyes
so slim was to know about the secret
location I took my brother but I'm not
gonna take you because it's a secret
location that's a grand me son I don't
want Noah to know what's wrong I don't
want it to get too popular
I think another day just just I mean you
know I can't I can't take you today all
right do me a is time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoy this vibe
if you did make sure you have a thumbs
up and go turkey thank you all to every
single one of you all rather than I do
me so always make it to the end flag and
give it a thumbs up truly means the
world thank you guys so so much and I'm
getting used to
I'm getting used to myself without a
beard I guess when I grow the beard I'm
probably gonna look weird because I'm
getting used to looking like this I
don't know but we're supposed to go
house shopping today but I ended up not
going because it was my brother's
birthday
well birthday Eve the day before so I
did and he had the day off so I decided
to take him out to this cool location
miss Cho ends like that so hopefully
turned out well and I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me gang why I'm going
somewhere actually I'm going somewhere
in a couple days because I have a
meeting in that place it's a different
state so yeah hopefully also agree I'll
keep you guys updated that could be guys
updated with our time take care or pitch
I like
I'm here for you always a feather I'm
sure that those tears let me write them
away miss what you say
