thank house they come hello oh hey guys
Oh what's up becoming gang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm
amazing so I thought you guys should be
having an amazement and if you guys do
not know rimas one that came up with
this slogan not me Rima came up to me
one day when I was sad she's like Adam
don't be sad because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you should be having an amazing and
I was like Rima those are some wise wise
words wise words I'm use that in the
vlogs every single day to keep you as
motivating because I'm motivating me
what do you know about our family Rima
Oh what do you know Adam what do you
know about our family tree what'll it be
in a family tree have an odd way of
having three he's the change of the
whole family
who's the boss kolobok usable he's about
good David how does it be the other boss
yo so you remember that you're the boss
now we're gonna do a fellow G let's see
how it goes What's Up We're do me hang
so as you guys can see I had to buy four
huge poster boards because I'm not doing
a regular family tree I am doing an Arab
family tree I'm going to be explaining
every detail every sister every brother
every nephew every niece that I have
there is an emotional story into it that
went on with my dad and I'll explain it
to you guys and everything here it gets
me emotional too so I don't know about I
spoke about in a vlog I probably did
maybe a couple years ago but I'm gonna
speak about it and hopefully everything
turns out great let's do this let's
start ok so we're first gonna start I
feel like I feel like I'm a teacher
something's up ok student I'm first
gonna start with my mom and dad those
are the main rapport with my mom and my
dad they're the top two
so mama salah and baba salah got married
about 40 years ago they've been married
for about 40 years and I've never even
seen them hug they were in Yemen they
got married in Yemen their first kid the
first baby was a boy the first child
they had which is about 35 4 years ago
was a boy so they had their first boy in
Yemen but the thing is this boy which is
my brother and my dad's son he passed
away at birth my dad was so so happy
that he had a boy but then when a dad at
birth he was seriously so depressed he
didn't know what to do he's so depressed
but my dad is a positive guy he said
everything happens for a reason let's
continue on stay positive and that was a
lot plans so this was supposed to be my
oldest brother but he passed away that
cover years later they had another child
he was another boy they had another boy
my dad was so so happy my dad and mom
were the happiest parents ever because
they had a boy who was healthy handed on
he was born but in Yemen they lived in a
house with like my whole generation when
they would sleep they would sleep
literally everyone's together will be
about 10 people in bed 20 people in bed
everyone is literally sleeping and
squished together like literally
squished so when my oldest brother was 8
months old he was sleeping he fell
asleep with like the whole generation
and there was a lot of them sleeping
together
he suffocated to death when he was about
8 months old and he passed away my dad
didn't know what to do he was literally
crying and tears crying and tears didn't
know what to do so there was two of my
older brothers who passed away my dad
was still so strong he was still so
positive he still don't want to give up
another huge literally so depressed they
continued to stay strong and then a
couple years later he had a daughter
which is my oldest sister they had their
first daughter which was my oldest
sister and my mom and dad were so so
happy a year later my mom got pregnant
and it was a boy and my dad was so so
nervous he literally prayed that nothing
will happen my dad
mata Hospital in Yemen while they gave
birth to the new boy which his name I
believe was Mohammed but then something
really really crazy happened the doctors
in Yemen back and these weren't really
that good so they weren't really
professional at what they're doing three
hours after my older brother Mohammed
was born
something really really sad happened to
him till this day I do not know what
happened and my dad does not a weapon by
that saw them do something to my older
brother and he literally suffocated
turned red passed away that moment my
dad saw it with his own eyes that moment
he literally was about to fight with the
doctors and when he when my dad tells me
these stories was literally so like
seriously like touches my heart because
my dad told me that I'm so sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry God my dad told me that
he looked exactly like me and and he had
the same smile as me the same eyes he
saw him literally with his own eyes pass
away and it was something like I'm sorry
guys my mom told me that she had a dream
she said she had a dream that she has
six golden bracelets that a gift she had
and three of the bracelets broke like I
don't know where like with no reason no
knowing and and until my younger brother
was born she knew all along she was like
wow I have had three I gave birth to six
six boys and only three them were alive
my dad hates I'm gonna talk about this
and like that because it's seriously
like my mom went through so much nine
months of literally twenty seven months
of three boys being pregnant working
hard and they all pass away but it's all
good my dad is always strong and my mom
is always strong and positive
so at the time they only had one girl so
then my dad and my mom they ended up
going to America I forgot what year I
think is about 1970 something they ended
up going to America and they lived in
Manhattan and in America my mom got
pregnant and she had another daughter
then a couple years later they had
another daughter so in the year 1990 my
dad had three daughters and living in
America but my dad was going crazy
because he wants any son yeah three
girls thankful for that but he wanted
you know a little man like a son and he
was so scared to get a son because he
was afraid of it the same thing would
happen with the other three brothers
that I have so a few years later around
the year 1992 they finally had a son
which is my older brother
Ibrahim Saleh a fun fact to tell you
guys when my mom gave birth to Bryan
salad my dad did not go to the hospital
he didn't want to show up tonight
spittle he didn't want to be near my mom
he didn't want to help her push or
Nothing he was so scared and then when
he came out alive and healthy my dad
went and cry and tears seeing that he
had a healthy baby and in America and it
was you know and healthy baby happy
healthy baby so he was so so happy then
a year later in 1993 he got you know
this one super duper my duper cool dope
lame kid which is me
my dad loved me so so much because I
reminded him of my older brother passed
away and yemen's this is the crazy part
right my little brother I was a mistake
now Joe my little brother is only 10
months and he half younger than me so my
mom and dad got a little real quick
this explains why my little brother is
bigger than me because my mom got
pregnant when I was 1 month old and all
she was caring about was my little
brother when he was born all she was
Karen Karen about was my little brother
because he's a little baby one so I was
kind of like left out and that's why
he's more bulkier than me or maybe it's
just excuses so this is the second
generation of our family three older
girls and three younger boys now it's
time for my nieces and nephews the
little brats so my oldest sister has
five kids she has two boys and three
girls and those two boys who are shown
on the vlogs is my oldest nephew Yusuf
and one of my youngest nephews say F and
three girls who aren't shown in the
blogs
my oldest niece is 20 years old
mashallah so I was an uncle at the age
of 2 so then here comes my second oldest
sister my psychic oldest sister she has
two girls and one boy my second oldest
sister has Hamza and hailey team double
H and another sister which is another
one of my nieces that isn't shown on
blog my youngest sister has one boy and
one girl
giman and Deena my older brother Ibrahim
has one boy and one girl
Reema and Marcin those are his kids
Reema and my centre siblings Dina
jamadar siblings Hyland hammers are
siblings say F and Yusuf are siblings
and all them together are cousins me and
my little brother Mase aka Yusef we are
not married and we have no kids we are
to be continued
the dough beginning this is my family
tree
it all starts from Baba sali my masala
into the next generation and then the
next generation and a Shaolin many more
generations to come soon thank you all
so much for watching I really hope you
guys enjoyed it I really hope you guys
now have a better understanding of my
whole family if anyone asks about is
Rima related to Marseille Nasri must
ability to Deena you link them this
video so they can go watch it and if
anyone asks you guys you don't even know
Adam you don't even know their family
you can say yes you do because now you
know me
and you know my whole family know
everything about me so I really hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and do me gang and
other than that I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another vlog thank you
guys so much sorry about breaking down
and having a negative vibe I hope you
guys stay smiling stay positive and
sch√ºttler many more stuff to come I
love you guys take care peace I love you
I'm here for you
always a feather I'm strapped full tooth
then here I pay my way I know okay this
what you say
