the mole
hey guys what's up Adobe yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing the old I'm sorry
let's get it on it's for sneezing I'm
allergic to them so I am heading to 34th
Street I literally just got off the / my
accident I put over pool which means
someone goes on like the ride with you
and it was so awkward like this person
was next to me from Austin Texas and it
was just like really really awkward they
literally put you in a car with a
stranger and you're in there just like
okay is there so we can share what's up
in the middle of the street right now
but I'm doing a periscope so say hello
what's up slipping slow high cars in the
middle hello how you doing hi what's up
where you probably got nothing on you
guys visiting here
I'll give you I live here and I said of
you but the Lebanese you guys she's so
shy it was God trying to a periscope
right now somebody keeps calling me so
it's hurting my periscope and I'm trying
to put on do not disturb but I don't
know it's not working I'm a home
connection and everything is done you
guys crashed my periscope try to do
another one in a few so we'll see how go
so I got done with another periscope we
decided we're going to go eat Lebanese
food because we're going some rock and
food spot that is so far away but I'd be
like a good 30 40 minutes so we're going
to go to she's so awkward you know it is
here now it's the different Lebanese
please use a second donut place it's
peuta negative over Stoke Lebanese
that's the road the boule the boule yeah
well I'll try this you'll love it I
promise it Sally I know but but try it
sees difference it's not much regular
salad try a whole pie like this the
oldest go get this right hand right hand
I got this grass is that what it's like
grass some what the hello Joe he's good
right look nuts yeah see tub semi so you
got lunch guys be on the job
we just murdered this hummus fancy walk
now we got it here mixed grill Lebanese
what a beautiful view of NYC fire
symbols like that OOP
it just got done eating Lebanese food
and it was so good but thing is they
give us a small proportion the food in
there who's like $150 for that small
little mix bill and almost tabula which
is crazy this is so sick they having a
Starbucks you charge your phone is
charging right now I'm gonna move it out
it's not charging you put it back in and
it's charges that's so sick what is up I
am in Hamptons house right now Jame it
was good okay what's up and I'm here I'm
having a huge huge argument with Hamza
because he's not naked he's half he's
shirtless and I had argue with him
because I told him I gave him the boxing
gloves for a reason to work out I gave
him the box he loves to work out and
he's not listening to me he didn't
listen the past month he did he didn't
put it to use for today I'm gonna show
him shirtless so you guys can motivate
him you guys can write comments to
motivate him so he can read these
comments to motivate so let's see how it
goes come on how does it go they're
gonna motivate you trust me don't be
scared
do me gang is gonna do it adieu me gang
is the one that's gonna motor
you trust me this is hamza before this
is attempt i probably like maybe a
couple months ago this and you guys are
about times right now which is not good
he's little kids I gotta put him to work
out I got to put them to to business you
don't say how's it come on be proud of
what you have be proud they probably
have me men ona beam in 11 come closer
or year 11 yeah man don't yo man you got
you so not a fight you just needed touch
myself know what you're gonna put you to
something yeah
do you see us you want me to punch in
yes I'd like to do it I mean everybody
always do it yeah but I can't do any
mama air you up pinch your nipples come
come let's go good
what one two one two faster than that
one two one two
hello hands up ones who is up here's our
one two on top imagine four day would go
faster go faster punch I get me a punch
a little funnier thank you but you keep
punching like this Amy look yeah come on
go go back and put back in for a pass
come on motivation motivate him
I want you ask the motorway - your hands
are gone keep on bus keep movin
what do you eat it
ah let's see what yeah what I have a
little brother I have a bird yeah how
big was a burger what happened
you seriously need to go vegan hams that
needs to go he needs to do with
digicards over the 22 day vegan
nutrition stuff gonna do it huh water -
look yeah you have a month or two months
if I don't if I see you like that then
you need to be motivated right
you get in shape be healthy so about
health lots of that to be healthy I have
mass so I got a package today and I do
not know what it is I don't know I'm
thinking it might be something that I am
thinking I'm so so excited I don't know
what it is yep I'm gonna open it up and
I'm gonna see what it is I'm in taking
my house for us because it came to my
sister's house do not know why Kim
semester cells and I'm gonna open it
later on today in this vlog and I'm so
so excited hopefully yeah
I'm not open Amma wait so I said open it
now
Hamza I feel it out uppercut you say
good stop I just super come on what's up
this is how big it is it looks too big
to be something that I'm thinking what
it is I'm thinking it's a million-dollar
plaque but I don't know if it is because
this looks huge
if it is I'll be crazy and it says
fragile I don't know fragile what is it
agile
and it is here heavy
thank you so much Oh fragile actress
slowly in the flow
hello it's all uniform hey thank you so
much right now okay you go yeah I didn't
buy nothing
supposin I didn't buy there's nothing
someone YouTube gave me this YouTube
gave me I with you
it's not a toy what do you want gonna
play ready huh no YouTube gave it to me
yeah le bus good job all the way push
keep pushing
okay that uh holy crap
see ya okay okay watch out loser oh I
don't know should I open it yeah I don't
know what's in there a llama suppose
it's not a YouTube game my mouse is that
mostly sniper sprat this thing is
fragile fragile so I don't know if
YouTube gave me this because I also
ordered something else for the new
videos I'm doing the main channel so I
don't know if it's what you took gamey
or that one I really hope it's the one
that you could gave me because I don't
wanna I want to surprise kids video
surprise what what what are you doing
huh are you kicking what are you sayin
what are you trying to kick me who Tom
had a kick kid do Tom that a kick yeah
will you kick in both this thing was a
workout was a workout game huh
I'm about to open this up so hopefully
turns out great I really hope it's what
I think it is so
ah I got a little bit really good like
hey some white stuff here
oh yeah that she does believe so
actually four of these in here that is
disgusting
the moment of truth guys
ah oh my god this is sick moves upward
it's in here that's the secret services
so hope you guys ready smilla Davis
Villa ah okay
set
okay
oh my god this is sick this is so sick
boss what are you doing Muzzin who is
that that's so sick
this is a pointer Oh oh my god there
this is so sick we will help you if you
cannot listen this is so sick
this is the most like amazing most like
honourable thing I've ever gone in my
life but that is sick
Wow ahh
they had my picture here huh no you see
it see the picture it says
congratulations for surpassing 1 million
subscribers
this thing is so heavy this is so dope
mom some things he's gonna sleep in it
this is so dope oh my gosh this is so
ago goodbye you probably would say we
did it I'm also telling you so hot
do you guys like it yes do what is it
huh like take it take out the golden
this is so dope this so do it's
literally bigger than my sink what check
out the what hey there's no no consulate
in there there's no chocolate in there
why because I don't know there's no
chocolate
well you why are you guys sniffing it
smells good yeah this is absolutely
crazy like I do not feel like I never
felt like accomplished I mean I did feel
accomplished when I reached 1 million
subscribers and like when you get this
surgery I feel so accomplished and
achieved and it feels so good it feels
like I want like an award like in some
old show so I just want to say a huge
huge thank you to you guys do me a like
thank you guys so much you guys has been
showing support from day one every
single day
has been shown like more support every
single day and i truly appreciate every
single one of you this is why i would
always give back and when i reach a
million subscribers on this channel
which is a child soon i'll be doing
another huge giveaway and i'll be
getting another one of these insha'Allah
so this one is from a channel and then
hopefully I get another one from our
vlog channel thank you to every single
one of you who literally go Turkey to my
rotted I do Me's to my quieted UMI's
tomorrow make social of social support
since day one since yesterday it truly
means the world thank you so much for
subscribing thank you so much for taking
the time out to get in your hand and
like president thumbs up - leaving a
nice positive comment - being a part of
my life thank you guys so much like you
guys do not know how much you ask me to
me I'll do this all for you guys I try
my best to make you a smile every single
day no matter like how I try to do I try
to make you guys forget the stress that
you've got you guys have had throughout
the day with a 10-15 minute lab to make
you guys smile to brighten up your day
so I really hope it's worth it and like
it makes me happy seeing you guys from
on so thank you guys so much from the
bottom are and fan most of all thank you
to Allah like thank you a lot for
putting me this position and knowing how
like passionate and how hard and
dedicated and work coming how much work
I put into this I literally sweat my
butt off work my butt off to like to
have fun from I started YouTube for fun
and like I'm still doing and I'm still
having so much fun so I'm blessed to be
in this position and I shouldn't say I'm
the left everything thank you guys so
much thank you to my family being so
supportive for I feel like I'm given
like an award speech but yeah thank you
to my family for being so supportive it
truly means the world and to another
award coming soon another milestone
coming short thank you do me Aang till
next time I love you guys so much make
sure you guys give it a thumbs up if you
were if you would feel part of the
dumaguete give this a thumbs up only see
every single you guys give it a thumbs
up please thank you guys so so much
truly means the world and other than
that I just really hope you guys say
smile and stay happy and don't let
anyone bring you down don't let anyone
make you feel like you're worthless
trust me your your your important in
this world and someone will be there to
love you for ever and ever
sister Lake and you shut up I thank you
guys so much to see the bottom hopper
truly preach you guys run off thankful I
am I'm always so thankful every single
day so how do you know I'm speechless
thank you yes can you go make love with
this now see you guys tomorrow
Doniak take care peace I like go put on
your lingerie baby I'm here for you
always a favor
promise you that bullshit then here I
pay my way okay this would choose to say
