you all should be having an amazing
happy Hank are you guys doing yeah you
can make a shot prod let me see you make
a shot come on what you say no no no
muscle you want to make a shot shoot on
your own button because this this is so
ratchet
I go Austin Go Go Go is this how you
guys play basketball wow wow wow what
the heck Adobe gang I hope you guys are
all smiling today I hope you guys are
feeling amazing do not forget to
subscribe and give this video a thumbs
up let's get started with this flag by
asking Ramon Watson the funniest
questions I literally went on Google and
I typed in funny questions to ask baby
baby
well to ask kids how do you six six and
a half ok ok ok ok mustard how old are
you huh Oh Oh mommy knows I see you ok
you guys ready put up funny questions
with you guys
yes okay let's do it let me see you jump
shot
shoot shoot jump shot oh man looking
like Austin on your milk Boston why so
cute huh why so cute why are you so cute
why are you so freaking cute huh tell me
why all right you can't say that for the
question about to ask you guys you guys
ready all right guys so I thought this
would be a crazy funny segment to ask
the kids remind us and mustn't keeps
them moving you ready for your first
question where do babies come from that
wasn't the first question that was a
made-up question that I came all right
turn around stop twerking stop door what
are you doing
listen some Austin the first question is
what makes you happy
oh he said his mom makes him happy
Reba what makes you happy
everybody said me oh my Adam no you just
said you my your mommy it's okay that's
good look that's good
Rima thank you so much I can't give her
a hug look how jealous he gets are you
jealous you are why you jealous huh okay
it's okay my ID my muscle next question
you guys ready what makes you sad stop
you guys are brothers and sisters you
can't make it to us okay what makes you
sad okay guys guys stop look this is a
question game this is not you guys
having to fight so get get in position
okay okay karate girl mostly ready for
the next question
yes how old am i me no no no me how old
am I
I'm four years old we said how old have
a beard oh yes I do is write funny face
yeah Baba has a beard I got a beard - so
how old am I
I'm three or four oh my god dude is
confusing it what the whole why you so
cute huh why you so cute why you
you okay hey you're gonna hit me but no
reason was him you like see this is what
I mean hey hey hey yo hey yo and you're
my man I let's ask me madhurima how old
am I 24 oh good job when's my birthday
July foot no it's not it's not July 4th
bat bat bat bat Remo if you don't got a
right I'm gonna be so sad and I don't
when is your birthday
um ah okay sheesh lesson what is my
favorite food
french fries what is my favorite food
chicken nuggets oh my he's naming his
favorite foods you know what screw you
man Rima I'm gonna ask them question my
next question is I'm uh what do I do
when you're not around
honey yeah cuz I do play for a night for
and I come up here thumbs up if you guys
want to see me play for me yeah Muhsin
so um what do you want to be when you
grow up hey man you want to be a fireman
Wow and you're gonna save people in the
fire
yeah why do you want to be a fireman it
was to be a fireman
something about your shirt so I'm being
Hanson I'm done with this kid man
everyone call me he gets jealous when I
see ya all right give me my self
attentions you deserve some attention
too really Rima what do you want to be
when you grow up Martin take a step back
yeah I'm asking a question what you want
that tension on you all the time
Rima so what do you want to be when you
grow up aren't you already youtuber I
have Montana what we was are you trying
to take over must me know why she's
trying to take over me gonna have a
competition okay
what do you want to be choose anything
else other than you to be police police
officer what'd you want to do yeah they
could come cops
we what you just explained in the most
craziest with you guys policeman and
fine man
I'm how you guys guys so I left them and
they keep following me everywhere I go
man why'd you follow me man let me be my
G stop what language are you speaking
the same in Arabic to English one
language is that huh what the heck are
you saying what is it what is that
Muhsin d what do they teach in school
but a bad guy oh can you ask me this
question you keep saying I don't know
why are you so cute I'm just asking a
question why are you so cute
you don't know but why oh my god look
I'm are you serious oh you know do not
start that lesson monster do knock it
okay that's good okay okay okay okay
what the hell is crazy man why is the
Torah ops every marine was such a good
girl and you're such a bad boy look at
the moss and why are you a baby oh my
God he's doing it again if this dude is
oh my god what why are you doing this
what all right mostly you know what this
is why I'm never gonna bring you on tour
Rima you always go on tour cuz you got
head shake let's do a handshake boom
boom boom dad
Moses do you want to go to the UK okay
you ain't going anyways hey he's gonna
be so bad man what's up for dooming yang
so as you guys know from the title it
says I have something to tell you guys
and um this is not an April Fool's prank
this is not a joke or anything this is
something really serious and it has
sorry about that
I have to go pray I'll see you guys in
the back
dumi gang I am back but as I was saying
I have something really serious to talk
to you guys about I know that the vlogs
look like I'm really really happy I'm
with my family everything's going on
great but um ah I am NOT at the moment
right now it was like the worst time of
my life because this is the worst I've
ever seen my dad he is really really
sick he's in the hospital right now he's
in ICU which is like a place inside a
doctor where they have to take care of
him worries like seriously sick so I
just want to tell you guys that the
vlogs for the next few days aren't gonna
be that long and aren't gonna be that
crazy outside or like the crazy Adam
you'll see is just gonna be normal
indoor vlogs and I don't some of you
guys are gonna tell me Adam you don't
have to vlog it's alright don't blog but
the thing is I want to vlog vlogging
seriously takes the stress out of me for
a good few hours and if I don't blog I
feel like you know just make me
overthink even more and the crazy thing
is my editor Duda she helps me out so so
much for editing the vlogs so while
she's editing it saves me so much time I
get to stay with my dad I get to see my
dad I get to be with my dad literally
when I'm not vlogging
I'm with my dad taking care of him and I
don't really want to vlog in there
because I don't I don't know like I'm
just I'm just not in the mood I don't
when I'm next time I don't want to vlog
and like show nothing else like that but
I will keep you guys updated and this is
the reason why I do this to keep you
guys updated and just to tell you guys
I'm sorry if the vlog aren't gonna be as
interesting I'm gonna try my best to
make it happy the reason why in the
beginning the vlog I made it happy I
thought about you know giving questions
to Rima and Marcin just to have you know
like a happy vibe for you guys I wanna
always kill the mood so still do me yeah
just to know I will still give you guys
happy vlogs every single day I will try
my best because it makes me happy and if
I make myself happy that I'm making you
guys happy but just know that my dad is
really really sick my whole family's
with him and I want to be with them as
much as possible so the vlogs I have to
make it I guess less lit so I can be
with him a bit more usually when I try
to make it extra lit like I'll go to a
city you know I'll meet up my friends
you know everything be you know crazy
insane but today as you guys seen it was
an indoor vlog but I know a lot of you
guys love indoor vlogs probably even
more so maybe it's a good thing that I'm
giving you guys of lugs like this if you
guys can do me a please please please
keep my dad in your prayers you guys do
not understand like I don't show my
emotions or look like that but I've been
going through literally hell like I've
been breaking down and going insane
especially in the hospital now I don't
really want to tell you guys what it is
because there's so much stuff that's
going on like specially with his organs
his heart his stomach has had a fever so
much stuff and there's something that he
might be diagnosed with and it might be
deadly but sha Allah Allah Allah he is
not diagnosed with it and I'm Anna sha
Allah hide your prayers will sir see me
in the world do me Hank thank you guys
so much I hope you guys enjoy this vlog
thumbs up and subscribe I'll still be
uploading every single day I love you
guys so much I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care of do me I love you guys thank
you guys so much for I love and support
I appreciate everything when you guys I
love you right
