being slammed on the hood boy still some
hoodlums smiles all around somebody act
up we gonna take it back to Brooklyn
there you go creating problems I know
what it takes to solve it
hey guys what's up and doomy gang this
is Adam Salah I am here once again at
the hotel wearing the same outfit I did
not know I was gonna be here for this
long but today is gonna be wrong it's
gonna be really really wrong cuz the
boys are coming to the projects but the
only man that's not going to the
project's because he's leaving to LA for
meetings well that's his excuse I forgot
to tell you guys but I did tell nas the
confession we literally had a 3-hour
talk yesterday I'm surprised you didn't
tell us to be fair but I get it I get it
I get why someone wouldn't want to share
but I was I was keep thinking why does
he never take me to his house because
one time I came back from Umrah right
and I was like oh yeah I'm gonna go see
Adams mom and because I haven't seen as
his um wrong yeah and then he didn't
take me and I was like maybe he just
doesn't want to take me because maybe
he's ashamed or whatever but I didn't
know yeah there was even one time where
he said he was gonna surprise me he know
my address and everything and I was like
one time I wanted to come I was gonna
just turn up good job I didn't I won't
be here right you be good you be saved
today when we're going we're gonna stay
extra safe we're gonna take vas to have
some halal guys first and he's gonna go
to the airport and after that me will
cause slim we're going to the projects
stay tuned the new beginning I saw you
guys in hot guys only nos would go to
halal guys before go into a flight the
man of halal guys
he loves Allah God into London loves
Allah goes every day was hot man I'm
telling you no not ZZ girl what am I
gonna see you next we don't know we
don't know in a week probably some day a
lot even as easy we're gonna miss you
just even of like soon guys I'll miss
him so much now it's time to go to the
projects and the bad thing is it's
getting dark we're gonna make sure today
I'm going to the safe spots cause I
don't want no one getting scared
anything so we're gonna see how it goes
I guys so today you guys are gonna go
inside my room rice to film inside my
mom's room
Watson's room the living room why'd you
do like the pranks you guys and see the
windows the elevators the stairs crazy
because like I see everything on videos
like here yeah I'm telling you guys your
reaction you guys are gonna be like what
the hell how do you do YouTube there for
years and years I'm telling you guys
it's gonna be literally crazy and insane
well since it's late night right now
we're gonna go through the back door I'm
gonna tell my little brother to open the
back door that's what I used to do I
stopped a little bit to open the back
door for me or my mom my dad or I know
it's open the back door frame because in
the front there's a lot of people there
and they get kind of like I don't know
just at least talked a lot this may be a
bad experience why that's good not gonna
be good you be good anyway because
another thing why I think they'll be
good because it's kind of cold and when
it's cold all of them are like inside
just chilling and I know most of them
even though they you know some of them
know we were doing that thing itself I
know some of them say they're not gonna
do they're not gonna do anything unless
you guys do something stupid you can
deliver soon Iceland bro yeah we're calm
a little brother yeah I'm calling my
little brother Mase because he's the one
that's gonna let us in there and I'm uh
we're gonna go are you are you in the
projects or not all right I'm gonna come
through in like 10 20 minutes I know I'm
gonna come meet me somewhere cos but
he's gonna come see and see what's up
and leave I do me gang we're in the taxi
right now we're just entering Harlem
right now and I want to see what's
livable kostik man I'm so curious hi
guys the projects start now it starts
here cos slim
welcome to Harlem
a Duma gang we just got to the spot that
I saw always tell Slim will cost nice to
always meet me it's four blocks away
from my actual house I don't know if you
guys remember look it's even Remus cool
over there ice always tell him to meet
me here but it wasn't it's all the way
there it's there look in those whole
building right there
see you there it looks so different
already bro how's the train we're
entering this is it this is my this is
my project
yeah I already don't feel safe what I
just I don't I just have a good feeling
about this all right guys we're
answering my projects right now the
thing is we're going through Park Avenue
which is not the Main Street it's a dead
area which is kind of safe this is so
weird this is this is my crib that I've
never told you guys about you're walking
I walk here every single day since I was
three years old guys this place I should
never ever vlog here look this is it
this is the project's comes in here in
the middle we is how it is this is my
heart this is normal for you how about a
gate cops over there I got so right now
we're going through my back door
my little brother mace is you know open
it my man this is my building hi I'm Amy
so this is Alan
I smell it smell it smell yeah I smell
the smell that's what we say you come
this is it this is my this is my door
man this is the door never ever show
welcome tomorrow won't get a verse
Wow look so different this is the window
that I never showed were like alright
guys I'm trying my old house man I never
don't come back here this is my room my
room
yes well good smell the mr. freeze right
there Oh princess of yeah no way it
looks so big at my wife's feelings it's
so small telling you this is the side
you guys never seen right here this is
the side right here let's decide no one
see you later I just up here like
literally like years of my life over the
kale King April 8 2009 this is my
parents through my hair and oh my god
yes and I was able to remain Wow it's
crazy to me insane I think was like
going through all this yeah always
that's the worst part yes you guys did a
good job of keep everything clean though
you know I'm saying yeah but other than
that you know saying I get hallways they
smell like really bad yeah and I feel so
intimidated walk it in you know I'm
saying the stairs and everything bro you
know as well yeah it's pretty wild but
especially welcome that's one thing
worry about wearing your family you know
like a little Reema myself when we're
walking there's some people behind them
as a yo-yo yeah talking is I shot them
how you do it they're scared because
we're hopped over the gate guys look at
these heaters man the here you can hear
people there I'm not even joking slim I
see here people here kids getting beat
up on top of there and the heater I
swear to god yes
I used to hear people like doing rated-r
stuff inside that here
and it was really disgusting would you
ever Olivia with your family grow if I
had no I've had no choice oh yeah that's
crazy look at this is the toilet boys
the shower here take there the Train is
there it's so annoying
oh my god I'm showing you guys
everything how do you do right now like
being in here I'm just thinking about
what you've been through to get to where
you came from no I can't get my mind
over that so weird like Devo Eddie so
it's fine for me see you are you put
your part of everything you'll have to
make it down there if there's a hater
out there you still hate math all right
these guys need a change man the Scott
will February this guy's inspiration I
saw always cover the curtains because I
didn't want people to see the projects
in the back did you ever notice that the
prankster know yeah that's crazy man you
all the deals here Oh John said that how
does it feel sitting down here be honest
be straight up honest how's it feel
sitting down here and like watching TV
like knowing you're in the projects
house if you know what I mean yeah I
keep forgetting about the plasmas like I
just I'm just talking everything in my
I'm just like it's just the neighborhood
I think I suppose yeah it's really bad
you know it's been really bad out there
whenever there's like a gunfight or
something open it and then we have to
close the car and turn off all the
lights because of the see lights that
you'll know your sin your snitching or
look now so we have to turn off the
lights and we just look under and just
be like that you can stop looking like
what the heck there yo this is the
kitchen over here like the kitchen
remote there at 2015 small cuz I got a
good spot in the fake ones me and
slammed on
some hoodlums smiles all around its body
act up we go take it back to Brooklyn
there you go create your problems I know
what it takes to solve it I said go to
Harlem shake now the shape and do me
yeah I can't believe this i'm showing
you guys literally everything the
deepness of everything my whole story i
really hope you guys are enjoying him
and you guys are thumbs up and do me
gang let's see if we can get 30,000
thumbs up 30,000 thumbs up for coming
back to the old house this might be
actually like not click away actually my
last time here only came because you
guys got 30,000 overweight like 40,000
thumbs up house I miss you so much I'm
leaving old house I love you man
even if it's didn't projects I don't
care man it's where I grew up
hi guys I'm gonna taking them to the
elevator right now sometimes the
elevator what he can do working I'll be
waiting here for like 10 20 minutes and
sometimes the door of the stairs would
it even be open like it'll be locked so
you're literally trapped in here oh so
that's really just to piss in here ya
know it's nice baby bad do it but this
was good
or maybe she uses smell this is the
lobby man oh my god like private oh this
time I'll be wondering when I fly my
latex so they
