I'm good for you are you my brother or
my cousin is he really your son there's
your son Adam just admit it I don't know
what to say but they look like each
other
is the camera rolling do I gonna hello
and welcome to the Mustafa I met Osman
Rami you in this show or you can call it
the mommy show we are here today with a
big big big issue a bigger issue than my
head like we had part of that's not okay
am i cut cut cut the big problem is Adam
Saleh has announced that he has a son on
YouTube
is he crazy or is he Majnoon is he
stupid is he slow I don't know maybe
he's all of it but don't worry we're
here to find out if Adam is really
stupid or really Michonne here and the
Mustafa Ahmed Osman Rama Yunus show the
Mahdi okay many people on the YouTube
are saying that motion is not Adam Sol
son but we're here to find out the real
DNA test today we are going to get to
the end of it cos cos we're gonna get to
the end of it and we're gonna find out
who is Morrison's daddy who is it is it
Adam is it me no I'm just gonna listen
right now we have someone backstage she
is the mother of Mawson the ex-wife of
Adam Saleh her name is Stacy sorry right
now she's gonna give us
Stacy
my name is Stacy Saleh and I am the
mother of Marcin and I just want to say
that I grew up in a small neighborhood
in Manhattan my dad kicked me out
because I was twerking all day at home
so when I got kicked out he gave me this
huge huge loan of $20 so I can take care
of my life when I'm kicked out but I
spent it all in 11 minutes because I
bought me a new way cry with me cry so
then I found my love
Adam sign and he took care of me he took
care of me a lot and I'm here today to
tell you all that Adam Saleh is the
daddy they live just a life if you're
gonna get all his money we don't get
everything okay
I just wanna say Adam if you don't clean
that muscle is your son and if you don't
take care of him I'm gonna vote for
Donald Trump so he can bring your butt
back to the Middle East and not allow
you in America now I'm just talking I'm
gonna do that bomb simius when I kick
him out throw him he cries for me he
cries look I'm kicking him out watch
this you gonna hear crying in two
seconds mostly Columbia grabbed me he
wants me so bad I miss it and I really
hope I just really really hope his daddy
gonna take I know I know
I am 1,000 million percent sure that
Adam Salah is his daddy even though I
hooked up with my boy Daris and Zayn
Malik I know I still don't Adam Salah is
the daddy
since the answer you need to climb on
board because we'll go slow and high
tempo I swear she is so so crazy Adam
you can talk I love my baby Muslim
I love him so much I know he's mine I
know it but the thing is I need you to
approve it so the people that are
watching they need to know that I'm not
pranking them that he's my son don't
worry we adhere to find out I hope the
prank is Stacey being your ex-wife cuz
he she's in LA she's
excuse me I can hear you you can eat I
was just joking prank I prank you I got
you
okay Adam have you B can you tell us how
are you feeling I'm good I'm just I'm
just kind of nervous they have the same
elbows making these lids the same elbows
as Adam the same thing I know it's okay
we got the results they are here in my
hand here it goes
one-year old muffin Sally Adam
you are the fuck wait wait sorry I pull
the Steve honey hole up with it
one-year-old Watson Sally Adam you are
not the father yes yes yes yes yes yes
I am father I am the father wait wait
then who's the daddy hey where's my son
why are you holding my son oh my
goodness we have breaking news the real
daddy of Morrison is Abe Abe is the real
daddy Stacey is the fake mother she once
again stole a kid ate Abe what happened
that's my son
Abe's my son Abe Abe April Fool's I'm so
so sorry you guys do not know how sorry
I'm sorry but I just pranked you guys
well most of you guys because a Duma
gang you guys are seriously I'm not glad
you guys are on prank able and you guys
are seriously like like you guys much
more crazier than the FBI like you guys
can look into stuff better than the FBI
I'm so so sorry
oh man i'ma show you guys right now all
the behind the scenes of me laughing my
butt off well the first day I announced
that Muhsin is my son which he isn't my
son he's my nephew I was just pulling a
little prank on you guys because I know
last year I was trying to get you guys
but you guys got me so this year I had
to get you guys a new me gang and I felt
like you know I had to get you guys with
the craziest you know
biggest prank so I had to get you guys
back and I'm so scared right now your
house how sorry how apologetic and
everything I am and I'm so sorry guys
please don't get me back please don't
print me back with something I trust
nobody say I trust knowing I'm saying do
me Aang our prank war is on and I'm so
sorry
this is even more confusing than a
matter I feel so bad oh yeah we are
perfect in your video shows that I have
so much fuck you Adam are goes on to you
and your son this read I'm so sorry I
love you so much this read this is China
to the screen you guys so so sweet I
don't know like I feel so bad but like
it's so funny because I'm freaking you
got so so good oh my god I feel so so
bad and like I don't know cuz you guys
are showing so much love so much support
and you guys even did a hashtag saying
we love you Adam don't worry stay strong
and I can't say enough that I gotta
waste a professor's not let it all up
I'm so sorry I'm apologizing to you guys
beforehand someone said we're so
confused the atom must be laughing so
hard at us right now she she's right
yeah
we'll always have to support you and
Marcin is lucky to have you as a father
only you guys are so so sweet and I feel
so bad so I'm so much on the street and
saying I feel bad cuz you want this more
I feel so bad cuz it because a lot of
you guys some penises show us so much
lovin and I feel like I feel like I'm
really at that okay how wait I feel so
bad oh my god I feel so so bad by the
way this is behind the scenes
this whole prank I'm doing on you guys I
feel so so bad like I want to reveal and
tell you guys it's like I'm it's just a
prank on you guys but I've been told not
to and I got away to April first or else
it's gonna seem dumb so I'm just gonna
wait until April 1st which is right now
but I'm so sorry once again I see every
single one you guys who are showing so
much love right now every single one you
guys were like so show us so much love
and like showing a lot of support on
this issue like if it really happened so
I wanna take the time and tell you guys
thank you so much and I appreciate that
so so much but at the same time I got
you so someone is claiming
to be the mother of one oh my god this
is so funny oh my God look what this
person posted the mother of my child
look at the mother
someone put up Instagram saying that the
mother look with your poster how dare
you take my child that I gave birth you
what kind of pot pot further it goes on
tours and leave the son at home I'm
afraid I'm going to cook
I'm so sorry what you guys do not know
how sorry I am like if you ever seen you
can beat me up you can punch me I love
you guys
I do be gay let me explain everything
little let me expand up to a so I came
up like an idiot I said I'm doing prank
week that's the first thing that a lot
of you guys notice like Adam you said
prank week I should have never said
prank week because the thing is I came
up with the idea of prank new guys after
I said prank week so I had I couldn't
like I couldn't do nothing another thing
is there's so many vlogs me getting
kicked out when my son was born because
I'm not the dad there's my dad going
crazy on me that I told him how I might
get a son he crazy me so you got me I
never even knew nothing about this you
guys the ones that told me that's why
I'm saying to do me egg is literally
crazier than the FBI
and then another thing when I announce
that have a son like I felt so bad for
pranking you guys I was laughing at the
beginning but I felt so bad because a
lot of you guys were so supportive you
guys were so like you're so supportive
and that that touched my heart like you
guys no doubt of how bad I felt I told
everyone like I smoked I was like look
man I'm just getting out set I was just
pranking them breaking you guys and then
everyone told me no Adam just wait to
April first or else you're gonna sound
stupid saying it right away so add me to
man up be strong you're pranking them
they always prank you and just be strong
so I felt like I had to you guys don't
know what I was going through I was
going through so much I felt so bad I
was reading all your tweets I've seen
people saying Adam we still support you
even if you'd uh even if you do have a
son I love you thank you for this thing
with that I felt like you know if I was
so good seeing you guys like actually
like if this was a serious situation you
guys would have still supported me and
it truly meant the world because
something like that happened it was
pretty crazy knew I was still supporting
me and Matt truly meant the world to me
and if you did get pranked please make
sure you admit it and don't say that you
know I didn't get pranked doing get me
I'm on prank abbu cuz you're not in
print or else I'll show your tweets that
got a lot of you saying oh my god Adam
son and father goes relationshipgoals
with Daddy I got a lot of you I see this
so don't try to claim that I didn't
prank you enough like that because I
know I got so many people but there's a
lot of people that I didn't get because
a lot of you guys were so smart
like mashallah like you guys really
smart and you guys were so supportive
once again thank you guys so much from
the bottom of her
but I was alive again I got you guys so
good
yeah I finally got you guys with like a
good like a good a good good prank I
didn't ask my mom and dad about the like
you know what just be strong and just
tell them April 1st if you say it fast
and what's the point of doing the prank
so I waited a bit my dad a mom told me
just say it first I'm here to say April
1st and I did it and I really hope you
guys at least enjoyed it or had a laugh
know the funny side of it because I'm so
funny and mustn't I love him so much but
he's my nephew
and tomorrow I'll actually give you guys
a real family treat video like I will
actually let you guys know my real
family tree I'm gonna have it board and
markers and everything i'ma show you
guys the whole family tree so I really
hope you guys enjoyed it thumbs up and
do me gang thank you guys so much once
again I love you guys I promise nothing
like this will ever happen again once
again I'm so so sorry
you guys do not know how sorry I am cuz
I felt so bad like like no no if I
really did have a wife and I'm prank my
way I feel so bad I'm like babe no I'm
sorry like I didn't really is yeah like
I feel so bad you guys do not know how
much I was I was literally calling
everyone like look I'm gonna just admit
it and they all like totally dumped
don't do it don't do it you're gonna
sound dumb I'm gonna sound up but it's
all good
hopefully all tonight great um I'm just
so scared of you guys right now guys
like I really I love you guys a
relationship is make hug hug hug guys
hug company like come on
okay okay love love love you do me a
Atem I relationship I just started her
print kore with you guys and I know I'm
a I know I made a wrong decision I know
this is the biggest mistake starting a
prank war with the dooming a is the
biggest mistake but it's all good
because I'm not a prank able baby
no but seriously guys I love you guys so
much and from all jokes aside thank you
guys so much to every single one I seen
so many of you and I see it trust me I
see you guys who literally show so much
support if it was a real situation thank
you guys so much you guys do not know
how much it means to me from the bottom
I heart it means so so much it touched
my heart when I see that so thank you so
much adieu me gang I'll see you guys
tomorrow with the family tree video take
care and peace I like really
I'm here for you always in favor promise
you that bullshit let me write them away
I know okay this what you say
