what's up and do me yank so I just got
home for the meeting and today I'm gonna
be pulling a prank and my son hey guys
what's up Akuma gang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
day everyone's creeping at me right now
I have a huge huge meeting right now
like a big cool dope meeting and I'm so
so excited with stylehaul meeting starts
in about five ten minutes
I've just finished eating breakfast cuz
that's the key to success a major key
whenever you go into meeting always eat
breakfast before always have order and
have good hygiene because we're gonna be
talking to people you're gonna be gonna
be there for a while so you don't want
to be hungry you want to be smelling
like you know and I've been waking up so
early the past few days I woke up today
at 9:00 a.m. that's like a record
yesterday I woke up 11 a.m. today I woke
up 9 a.m. so I just got done with my
meeting and then went big oh my god is
windy again it's always so earthy and it
went amazing and what crazy I'm looking
forward to everything else come in the
future hopefully everything goes Grange
hello yeah that's gonna be huge
shout-out to stylehaul you guys were so
so dope it helped me out a lot for you
guys so huge huge shout out to you guys
I'm looking for for our tank do you guys
still when I come my room they still
want to go in do you know a please
honeymoon
hello oh my god
Marva just threw a doll I'm not doing a
mom's to the left burner hey throw boob
a hit drama a lot yeah but what's up do
me yank so I just got home from the
meeting and today I'm gonna be pulling a
prank and my son Wesson this is the
first ever prank that I'm getting
pranking him and this prank is really
really cool because I used to do it when
I was like around 1011 years old so my
mom and dad and it's a really dope prank
and I'm teach you guys how to do it and
we're gonna do this too Mawson let's see
how it goes first of all you need
something like this like a little box
that you can open up it can be any type
of box there gonna be a big box small
box but will be better if it's a small
like this I'm using the iPhone cover
need napkins
after napkins our towels need a knife
ketchup or something red that could look
like blood and I'm gonna make it more
realistic and pretend that this spider
bit me or bit my finger or something
this is what you do first you got to cut
make a little circle in here just a
little circle where it can fit your
thumb be careful with the knife try to
use a small knife I can't find this one
I've so I got this huge knife so I
finally got the hole to be my thumb size
so my thumb can fit here you can see my
thumb right there after that you get
this tissue you cut it in half you get
it in half you make a little hole here
fitting your thumb also so got the hole
fit my thumb and then you put this into
the box right here I got the tissue I
got the hole I got the little box and
now you put some ketchup you put in just
a little bit don't put too much because
it's gonna seem like it's fake like uh
that's it right there
just a little bit take it is to catch up
and spread it around as if it's real
blood and now we put your thumb into
this
and then you fix it and it looks like
your thumb got cut off right there say
oh right there I'm about to go up red
muslin so let's see how it goes
he's not scared of any more he overcame
his fear nobody can your fear open your
hand then knowing anything someone's
calling me and private call it I don't
know open your hand open it open it
I just Oh dum dum that's it good job
good job
Muzzin good job wow you overcame your
fear that's good he held it he's to be
so scared of holding it
ah I wasn't uh oh my god it's not
working i'ma try and Rima later but
Madison is not he was scared he only got
scared a little bit I guess
where's Reema Reema where's Reema don't
breakable yes he loves that yeah Reema
just came out from school so I'm gonna
scare right now let's see what clothes
are coming closer
I gotta show you something come show you
something la la la
Tommy immediately dump you got any more
damage
you are the movies good right yeah you
know he killed yes tell me much help me
man
okay it's real blood blood we must
realize look look is real looking again
okay good luck with the ambulance call
ambulance hurry up hurry up hurry I've
got it I'll be right back what is up I'm
back
I smelled on me slim with cash it was
good it's good it's freaking to hold us
and I bought this one me too I don't
know why I was coding yeah you guys onto
this show right here our fresh prints
that slim soul shirt on my it feels
comfortable and you know you start
feeling like a real era Fresh Prince
finger my finger this way
I heard it
Oh
I am here I just met Maria Maria say
what up was good
she never she's featured to each other
to Egypt and Maria thank you so much all
right oh do me gang it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoyed this
flag for dead make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey if you guys do
not know I am having a show in
Philadelphia
April 23rd the picture is here makes you
guys get your tickets because I don't
even think there's much tickets left
because I haven't promoted it for so
long well it's been out like two months
and I just promoted it right now and a
lot of tickets have been gone so I'm
promoting it right now so anyone around
the Philadelphia area make sure you get
your tickets trust me all the
information is right here and I can't
wait to see you guys Ben Philly
one more other thing I really want you
guys to help out my cousin's son his
name is Musa this is his picture he is
lost he left around Friday his ground
passed away and he told his mother that
he's gonna leave to go take a walk and
then he left with no phone no debit card
no money no nothing no ID no nothing he
left he went out he said is gonna stay
out and come back and then he has been
literally like five six days and he
hasn't showed up and no one knows where
he is he's a good kid like no one would
ever thought you would be gone who knows
what happened to him if anyone sees him
like literally his mom and dad called me
like in tears letting me know to help
out so I want to use my fan base that I
have to help out if anyone is around the
barrage area please please please if you
see this kid
his name is Musa he's 19 years old
remember the face that I showed you go
back to it if you do find him just I
guess call the police or something like
that because he has lost no one knows
where he is a shallow everything goes
great I'll keep you guys updated with
that because he is my cousin and I
really hope he's found each other so
thank you guys well that I am working on
the explanation video of me and my son
my son so hopefully you're also migrate
I'll see you guys tomorrow the MEAC take
care and peace
I'm here for you always in favor I'm
strapped full today
then he wiped them away okay this would
choose assay
