our milkshake skin I got one client
candy we got one on quickly and one
peanut butter hey guys what's up a new
me gang I hope you're all having an
amazing day because I'm having hi are
you huh causing traffic here come be in
the black Yoda say I guess I was good
and because she wanted a picture by the
wrong time to cause traffic
I don't saying I hope you are having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so I'm having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing day
I'm going to go meet up with the homie
Steven right now can I have a little
brunch and it is windy today I'm coming
extra early fam last time I met up with
him
I was super late so I'm gonna go super
real estate what is a pioneer without me
Stevens it was good guess he was good I
have to say that yep too old who's good
what's up we're here but to have some
lunch and after brunch has an awesome we
want to give you Chad out someone
snapped them it's a lot of you guys
found a snap in an Instagram so I've
been he's so nice enough to tell me to
give a shout out to somebody over here
my name's are Yousef I'm on Shane and
you shout out to you I used to buy the
same thing got some of these shops
important
something happy Newark yeah no I'm also
sure never to cut a lot of Yama
and uh Youssef amazeen chakra he did
then yeah have you even I don't know I
got me he's french toast
they are so opposed so like juicy and
like mmm it's what happens in 2016
hey mm 6901 ready yes what you ready to
eat
yeah but the boats gonna have to stop
please Stephen have known each other for
like literally like almost a decade and
we're talking about me being the age of
17 and and how I your comment for New
York so we're talking about how I was at
the age of 17 you know I would hear from
him really send messages and when I eat
I just even I gotta talk to you it would
either be he was in the principal's
office
yeah the cops had picked him up or he
had just been in a fight it was
literally just like that everything and
here we get so much like I don't not
again what are you doing I'm like Steven
you gotta help me out what about David
okay Adam get a lawyer
I just got done hanging out at the home
you Steven let me see they always make
my day and always make me happy you
always help me out whenever I need
advice you're the best advice giver
thank you so much right now I'm heading
to this place it's a dessert spot
supposedly the bestest dessert spot in
like all of the world and stuff like
that so I'm gonna go try it out so I'm
going to go right now with slim and
we're going to wait the couple hours you
have to wait about I'm not on the way
we'll be right now but you have to wait
like hours to get like a milkshake or
like a dessert and I see the homie case
you get one of those milkshakes so I'm
gonna go try it out and see how it is
and there's people ready waited on line
and it doesn't open - about an hour and
a half which is crazy the line goes from
here then to there but hopefully how
long is the wait alright I join your
line right there once I want to give you
shots so uh I said I know it was good I
love you say what substantial was good
what's up
I met sue hasu I say with that was good
we're just talking about to get dessert
milkshake
how long have you guys been waiting for
uh 30 minutes 30 minutes
some bad that's not bad void in cinema
so where you guys from again weren't
friends you huh you know you're there
from there always called Yong Yong these
are all the people that waiting three
hours later they're 24 my milkshake
brought you guys to the yard what the
heck two hours later everyone is
fighting what we might as well add you
got a marker and some say what up some
just capable okay what's up
feels good there are people over there
they're gonna put them on the news so
we've been waiting for about well I've
been with about hour and a half we have
another like 30 minutes to go and the
line is so huge right now it's probably
a six hour wait right now
like a huge it is them oh my god it got
so bad
can you put me on the moon oh sure that
was not put you on the block later later
oh those are those guys those guys are
coming around
it's like film the line stuff like that
and then someone's gonna do this crazy
dance he'll do it right on with us hey
so much crazy dancer off glasha is jerry
bees on know that what say oh yeah he's
coming
I'll tell you that they might go viral
he wants a slimmer legs they go to too
much fly right market this app feels
good to wait the front of the line is
somewhere in the front three in the
front I like both home
reason but hopefully this thing is worth
the wait just a moment
fine there's two tall one minister going
in oh yes
Thank You Man oh say hi milkshakes kid I
got one cotton candy
we got one quick root and one peanut
butter and spoon salt
it's so sick ready to try it
so this one is concave up he's got again
yeah yeah and this one is what cookies
yeah he said wait ask him to examine
that one is for this old green sauce
that's which one you think is the best
one
my purse is anyone let's go you one yeah
I I'm gonna try one ready
like do you laugh I mean I'm gonna try
this one
peanut butter sweet salty
I really feel like this one more
at least stick you someone
funny
just left the milkshakes but and it was
literally amazing I recommend you guys
because do go there and do eat it make
sure you just just go there a little
hungry and only drink the milk shakes
because if you go there and eat the
burger and the milkshakes you're gonna
be bloated and you're gonna end up like
slim go into the bathroom for about 45
minutes
yeah well I took a massive what was
like like aa twin Oh Lily goes gaga
honey the madam of us passes only go
they're just going just have the
milkshake it's really good so I got
three things congratulate the homies
slim with and the first thing to
collaborate with him his congratulations
on 100k on your black Channel I'm kind
of late but he reached 100k on the blush
I know Mikey congratulations saying the
second thing congratulations on his
clothing line that yeah the slimming
simple line I have an Arab Fresh Prince
shirt
i'ma wear it tomorrow yeah I'm gonna see
you tomorrow and congratulations to the
homie soon I'm so so happy he brought he
brought Sophia out of you guys no Sofia
he brought us to New York City and he
made her like this is you got guts he
made her visit like he made her like
meet his family who's that and his dad
is so supportive so there's he's younger
than me they're seriously like gonna
take it to the next level and being gay
congratulations I'm so so happy for you
they literally go everything everything
smell better University graduate all the
success like even in his blog he's
getting so many views Michelle on his
vlogs he gets more views than what some
people get who have a million
subscribers and that seriously shows
that guy's dedication you have
passionate and like your hard work and
you focus on yourself you don't focus on
like other people you focus on yourself
and you maintain with you and your
viewers I like that so much is that like
seem like a spiritual guide oh it's fine
sharing and it's on both ends I love you
so much I want to see you succeed and
want you always focus on yourself don't
let young people know don't let they
don't let me
they put you down so we can't see the
apple store because someone snapchatted
us and told us that they wrote something
in the apple store he recognized me they
wrote like the slope Inc and we came and
we found it they did something so so
dope like so cool huge eye shadow test
man oh my god she killed it like so dope
for miles crazy I was Syrian slew me and
a do me thank you so much what's up do
me yank so I just got home and I had an
amazing amazing day I hope you guys had
blessed smiling happy positive day and I
got a couple stuff to talk about because
it's been literally chaos going around
specially with the time that I reveal
this so today the mother mother of
Muhsin she came she came while we were
having she came out having the dessert
that's why we had three milkshakes
because she came after after work she
came to the milkshake spot we hunt god
forbid for 30 40 minutes we've lagged
for but I've logged with her I told her
like and I told her like Kida can i vlog
and like put you and like say it but
then after we finish lighting she was
like no don't don't put it up she begged
me not to put up nothing but I told her
I'll just blurt out because I already
loved like I'll just blurt it out and
she was kind of mad because someone made
this account saying pretending to be her
and they were saying that they took me
to court and like she doesn't love her
son now like they made this whole
basically they pretended to be her the
mother of my son and they they they said
all I'm gonna get the baby you're gonna
take you to court like I don't know some
weird thing like that and I'm not
supposed to talk about that anyone who's
making accounts pretending to be her
that's federal that believes that it's
not her she's a really lovely nice woman
and I got two children today and it felt
good to be honest if I'm good I had I
didn't have some picture you can see it
right there see some and everything went
great and to be honest whenever and
whenever she's ready because I thought
she's ready today whatever she's ready
I'll make a whole explanation video i
vlog with her and clear everything up
for now I'm still gonna continue
vlogging I'm still gonna get tuned in
making all smile and I really hope you
guys literally bear with me please bear
with all this oh my god all this chaos
going on and everything with
everything's going on at the moment
saying at the wrong time
just everything that's happening please
just bear with me guys thank you guys
once again so much for your love and
support for all your positive like
tweets your positive mentions and truly
trust me it truly means the world to me
thank you guys so much I'm gonna end the
vlog here and I'll see you guys tomorrow
do me gang take care and peace
thumbs up with them again and go Turkey
I love you I'm here for you always a fan
promise you that those tears let me
write them away okay this would choose
to say
