what's up adieu me again before I start
the vlog I just want to say that this
whole vlog is just going to be a happy
positive lag and I do not want to
mention or talk about anything that goes
on with me and Marcin I I feel like I
need some time or I feel like I said at
the wrong time yesterday or something
like that so I just need maybe a couple
weeks or a couple I don't just give me
some time and I'll make a whole
explanation video explaining literally
my whole family tree to you guys because
it is kind of confusing and I feel like
really confusing so if you can just give
me some time and I'll make a whole video
about it for now I just want it to be a
happy positive like for you guys so you
guys can stay so my links to you guys
can stay happy and enjoy
now that you know
I can tell by her reaction
now I tried to imagine and help her
that hurts gonna be all
hey guys what's up Adobe gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing day right now I'm here in the
streets of Bay Ridge with the homie used
to say without what's up was good goodie
we just almost gotten to like this crazy
crazy accident and the guy looked at us
I was kind of arguing back what are you
doing man and then he licked out the car
and then you notice me from from YouTube
and he was like oh oh I watch your
videos man I'm sorry man but but you
should be better than that what are you
doing on my god madam sir I'm sorry I'll
get the cards just go ahead laughter I
ended up going crazy our drivers here in
Bay Ridge really really well the mother
who gave me some breakfast and tuck no
nuts then we'll meet up Tommy slam or
cast and we out here using our drivers
are we going to go to wherever you guys
wanna go I didn't know we're going to
but we'll see what's up and what goes on
with today two hours later this it
finally shows up wanna go you ready to
go let's go let's go
we're gonna be out to go chill and let's
see what's in it goes thought it what's
up done huh missed you bro what's up no
good wait all right yeah I don't know
Ellie Italy now we're gonna believe the
secret I'm gonna see whoa
so we're gonna add it to a trampoline
spot just have fun into that our stress
and relieve go away and just I don't
know just jump around backflip play ball
play dodge ball just have a little fun
fly for you guys so hopefully turns out
great listen you guys are ready for
today and I was ready to have some fun
yeah yeah you boo we're like for big
kids about to go in the chair please but
it's a play like we shall leave Ricki
bring the little ones and stuff like
that
jumpin sucks we have to watch a video as
well so have to watch a safety video now
about cross landfill you are allowed to
slam dunking but no hanging on the rim
please do not have today if your
responsibility be cautious of children
near and around your area
mayor Stanton green eyes and watch or
don't have a different section Walter
must lay on two feet at all times
there's two ways
soccer football yeah I just think it's
so fun
I guess you tie it up like 5-10 minutes
it's like a crazy crazy wake up Oh guys
I miss even flip why you dressed
somebody go to a court case you gotta do
it oh oh you did it good he did good
I was gonna
throw yourself on that you get a bounce
back yes yeah I so I want to do a photo
from here to here it is how should I do
it so what you have to do it yeah okay
die down a little bit you actually
cheaper
I'm gonna try it out with you
oh that's sick bro that was sick you
need a tissue never and hi it's
definitely tricky of it you very much on
the phone I do yeah no I know but I'm
scared of like a slip but I don't know
is this a scam oh when you're up in the
air and you see thinking you're gonna
fall something escape I try to figure
Oh
oh I like that
what's that
for your mail
Oh epic fail
Oh
this thing gets you so so tired so fast
it makes you feel better like it's like
a workout like a boxing workout familiar
we're about to play a game with Dargo I
got my squad here speed
like the s4 and it's one more girl and
versus Waqas slim their team goes up
this is what causes team is something
them to book us them and I think they
have I don't know we're gonna cut it
we're gonna see what's up and the count
of three say squad one two three yeah we
could be loud and I come up here go on
this birthday right there
we got a super that's it
Oh
but guys I got to see you see you got a
huge hole in the fence what Sponge Bob
Rubin says oh my god you just see that
song
oh my goodness which I'd be a lawyer in
Tripoli Swamy alright I'd be a lord be
in it was killing lawyers made it out
step I would like to always mother
Sophia
we just got done doing a trampoline
about to go eat some pizza
vikas is taking us to this place in
Staten Island where he says the best
pizza I've raised the best night so
looks like it looks like an ordinary
piece of shot but OCD tendencies I will
see seven is it looks like an ornery
piece of shop it's right over here like
a regular
we some is saying if it's bad we gonna
do one album hide him in room sling I'm
taking a bite I got a I got a vigor
first the life of a vlogger we got two
slices I got two slices you got two
sizes
yeah oh eight slices all together after
this I'm gonna try I got a Philly
cheesesteak slice it's all about Alaska
and I got coughing Oh buffalo chicken
and slim I know what you got barbecue
like I borrow you take I'm gonna try
that
nice book on something what custom I
think about that first which one this
this one yeah alright if it's bad I
swear give it an orgy all right
so huge how much is eat it I'm taking
about it Eddie
Cheers what is this awesome was get
Renaissance
-
isuzu NZ oh my god oh oh my god oh it's
good it's so good I'm not alive over
yeah he's good go go yeah it's so good
Oh gasps good man I faked it McCarthy I
got faith in you fumble let's bang him
all over
it's amazing that is good so what
Casper's give us Pakistani candy what is
it called bubble Wagle wobbly wobbly
what is it move up you had no Blue
Horizon brother does this have jealous
are you Louisville this is a la la la
Zef gelatin hello you see that a hella
way to say that sweetie here says la
horn hollow
paxos crazy we try it try back sanic a
new Charla mmm BAM
gonna go get it till the gummy bears
with jelly like jell-o jell-o mmm come
on missed you I missed a bit Brett give
me him
hi say hi cat-boy
let's see your teeth never see any teeth
for so long
open it cap boy your gap is actually
getting better
you're about to be not a gap boy you're
gonna be a bad boy I got a surprise for
you
whoa I don't show you something Oh what
is that what is that I don't know if
he's scared of her not usually he's
never scared of anything is it no it's
not scary look my look put on my chest
see it's not scary it's not scary
now you go okay why are you scared over
there my don't be scared of it go go go
jump jump jump
I've been a punk Oh Joe Joe who's it
smack it smack it off not me don't make
me strike it off so we can get that oh
hey you want a box if you want a box go
to the box and go like this heads up
heads up both hands up be swinging look
keep going hard go
come on even do this yeah yeah yeah a
nice what's up or do me gang so I just
got home and I have a question for you
guys because this is so like confusing
and so crazy and like it can't like
we're someone decisis my whole family's
so indecisive so if you guys do not know
we're trying to move out to get to go
into like a house that has a backyard or
front yard so because you know have a
huge family a lot of kids so we're
moving out to get a house we're not
moving out of New York we're not going
to like anywhere like far out like Japan
or like something like that we're trying
to go maybe somewhere near well I'm
thinking this what I'm saying I'm
thinking maybe Stein Island or Long
Island because they have nice houses and
it's also near New York City it's also
near New York City but my dad is like no
he wants to stay in Manhattan or move to
somewhere like Florida and my mom is
like no she wants to stay near
Queens or Brooklyn and then my brother's
like no he wants to go to the Bronx my
whole family is saying different places
and I do not know what to choose like I
already found a perfect house in Staten
Island which has like perfect rooms a
perfect backyard a perfect front yard to
like you can do perfect vlogs there I'm
just thinking of a nice house for us to
live in and for me to vlog there you
know like make awesome vlogs or awesome
videos there me and my family like when
I go out there and stuff like that and I
don't know I'm just thinking maybe
sounds good but my family's saying no
it's an island because mom is saying
there's gonna be a flood there or a
hurricane and the house is gonna be gone
because I don't know our mothers think
about the worst situation possible and I
do not know I don't know what to do I
don't always do what what what should I
do
like I don't know should I have a talk
with them should I like it's hard to
manage I don't know like I'm seriously
you need like legit need your guy's help
in the comments below if you guys can't
let me know comment below what you think
I should do and I'll go on from there
and I'll keep you guys updated I am
moving out this place going to another
place real real soon probably a couple
weeks are a couple months so hopefully
it turns out great other than that I'll
be wrapping up this flag here I hope you
guys enjoyed it and thank you guys for
your love and support dooming exercise I
truly appreciate every single one of you
guys thank you guys so so much once
again I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care
piss I like I'm here for you always a
feather promise you that fool kid let me
write them away okay
this would choose a sleigh
