so once again I am a third wheel aw I
got I got a date me and Barnaby hey guys
what's up Akuma gang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing there so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having
SuperDuper amazing day I'm having a
happy fresh Friday today it's a Saturday
for you guys but it's a Friday to me you
should just got the filament gas without
what happens that we were heading to
unit square so let's see what goes on
today over there is a public pool that I
always go to another girl
I used to get kicked out in so many
times let's see how many drivers
some legal some illegal Hey
some illegal
some illegal whaling was am i moving
kbecque my mystics Arabic with mother my
homies Arabic I think this panic
I'm listening to Zane's album mind of
mine and it is why it is crazy oh my god
every song in this he did a song and air
do oh my god I wish I don't believe you
guys but might be copyrighted but he did
a song and oh do is sick
like right here he was heading back home
to go pick up his family is it coming
over to my house about to go meet up
with Oh cause my homie
- oh man you know square whenever you go
to uni screen black you'll see everyone
trying to come in and camera like trying
to like happen in a or seven so I just
met up with the home beaver customs and
okay what's up something something oh my
god
Starbucks girls aside hi there's
something crazy just happened like
something so crazy so random like before
like the moment man happen I met up with
my thoughtless or I'm sorry I'm gonna
this is wild this is baby I didn't
expect this a bottle who is it
we just met up right we seen this guy
should we tell the motel another like so
much we see this guy he had a yeah a big
sign and was something against something
right and then he told me he was like
Adam he's actually really smart
intelligent you can see no there he said
he said he said Adam I'm gonna go up
tiger I'm gonna tell him some stuff and
he's gonna end up ripping and going like
and he's gonna turn to side him with
this ID which is mighty someone did have
faith which is a rice that I was like
nah you won't you can't cuz these people
like sashimi square the heart
yeah they were they're really hard music
out of I promise you I'm like he gave me
his cameras Adam he's I got Adam ax oh
my camera film it and let's do this and
it's like a random like a random thing
on the spot okay so we go there I'm
there filming I'm like man he's about to
get punched
maybe this enough to some like that so
we go in there and do it and I would
never get a sail outfit that's crazy
it was just like let's just say then it
shut down it was what is gonna go next
week yeah so long cuz like your videos
quick you destroyed it yeah alright next
for you guys to see it I'll keep you
guys updated
forget it
okay
that's upright
Thanks
Thank You Man can we like weed it
together you go on else once again I am
the third wheel
Auggie I got away I got a date me and
Barnaby and yeah we haven't like it was
a home use over here slow feel Wednesday
high was good
we're given that we're giving them try
the Shake Shack and she's seen in and
out what's better in inertia Oh days
going so well let me go the ISO up
yeah let's pitch one question Julie yes
what's your name hi huh I don't
students our first dinner huh is our
first date
I'm 22 what's the favorite color
Looby - we have something in common
hi lucky just stop
but I love it huh you're just filming
for the hell of it ya know I've like I
made you soup oh my hello oh the date is
over man that's it we're breaking up
it was good it's like I'll be out of
here
and he just said this is the man this he
just said he was ejected my hug first of
all thanking my hug
he's just like he's saying oh you well
he said he watched the vlogs every
single day so thank you so much when I
pee in there hey thank you guys say hi
hi what's up
you girl midnight take care of
everything bye I love you children I
don't hit so good I love the first I
know what I'm gonna look for you don't
know what you're Emily for wife no
that's it well it is yeah you never slow
alright
you have to move on we have to like know
the past be the pattern let your hand go
now we can't blow those don't do it so I
just got a new jacket what that I got
the price I don't know I thought
surprising
I'm going to third-wheel and like I
don't even talk block on the clock
no music Oh Tessa's keep walking both
wrong machine where are you going
what happened no you
see Jethro the Playboy bunny I'm not
going on huh
without they're going to see me back you
see that's crazy about cool that's crazy
what am i doing how am I being alone
what's going on then after that LeBron
James shuttle
oh I get it uh-huh uh-huh you're funny
guy yeah I get the dog huh
I want to see how many New York is a
voting for Hillary Clinton Bernie
Sanders or Donald Trump I'll have a
question I'm looking ass answer great
so who you voting for Hillary Bernie or
Donald Trump right now I can't really be
sure that you would rather just copy
Bernie Bernie feel the Bern mom who are
you gonna vote for Hillary Bernie Donald
Trump I don't want to take it personal
right now seems that was one of the
original mission wanted at which a
kinetic primer with what do you would
you rather have Hillary or Bernie
everyone sure she's won huh whichever
he's gonna be on me you want me to
become president or cannula remembers
just what's your stance on what
immigration immigration they're all
welcome in America free candy free
chocolate everything all right the free
chocolate chocolate I got you don't go
to Switzerland I really I'm going to
Switzerland Gale to talk about report
them and bring them here have a question
you guys who you guys voting for you
voted for hurt Hillary Bernie we can't
both are done what we can't bull why do
we may not citizen it's what your
citizen in my heart when I become
president you guys are going to become
citizens because I love you guys
alright here's where you guys from India
nice Indian canonized shout out to in do
shop I love anything they're really
really nice Canadians the extra nice
Americans are so rude and about shot of
talks then they're like they get scared
who would you vote for Donald Trump
Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton Bernie
Sanders the man yeah feel the Bern is
feeling better man feeling about it
thank God I don't know what ask me
Hillary Bernie or Donald Trump none of
them know
I mean I'm a better job yes at two votes
but who would you yeah we can tell
you're sure Hillary Clinton Bernie
Sanders or Kanye West Adams module for
me yeah I got three votes take some
people say got some hygena
in fact hi everyone
keifa remember you gonna tell them what
she did to Dina trying to do it dancing
with Dina as I always says always do
dancing with Reema and then while while
I had a camera out Rima came she pushed
the tripod she pushed the camera and the
whole thing felt my camera almost broke
because she did want me to film a
dancing with Dina because me and Harry
stood dancing dreama so I couldn't
continue on cuz she was screaming and
going crazy saying I don't know only if
you have me in it and I'm like Ramon let
me do it with Dina Dina how do you feel
huh didn't know what the hell's going on
we're gonna film dancing with Deena okay
whenever rimas not here Rema Rema don't
do that face don't do that face people
you can use as a meme alright guys it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed the vlog if you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey I
am working on a main Channel video in
this video is super duper like scary and
important and I really hope it turns out
well I really hope it says that well I'm
gonna keep you guys updated with it
every single day it might take me a
shame it's gonna take me a day I'm just
waiting on something to come here and
delivery to come through so I can let
you guys know and tell you guys how it
goes I'll show you guys behind the sees
everything it's kind of and I don't want
to ruin it I want to make it like a
whole surprise because it's gonna be
wild and crazy something cool and dope
but I'll keep you guys updated and
something else I want so you got
something else I made a tweet out saying
I'm gonna be moving out of New York City
it is not a prank I wouldn't be joking
about saying I'm moving out like that'll
be dumb prank I'm let you guys know for
real do me dang I'm saying I'm gonna be
moving out in about maybe a month or a
couple weeks three four weeks five weeks
around that time a month we're getting
moving out of Manhattan maybe somewhere
it's still inside of New York but out of
Manhattan maybe New Jersey maybe Stein
Island maybe I don't know we still don't
know yet but we're moving out pretty
pretty soon I'll keep you guys updated
with everything I'm so so excited
because we're moving out to a house
we'll have like like backyard a front
yard and my whole family's gonna be like
as you guys know I'm a family person
like I love my family so I'm gonna get
us i'ma get a house for my whole family
and I really hope it turns out
grandchild just with all your dad just
make sure it all goes out great another
thing I've seen something today
something crazy I was outside and I seen
a kid like a grown man he kicked his mom
like he literally kicked his mom sort of
cursing her out and like you I was just
literally so horrible and I went up to
the lady who was actually I guess my son
he's at the notes it was so like
heart-touching like was so I'm so so sad
seeing that because your mom is like
that's your life she made you man like
shouldn't be kicking I shouldn't be
cursing I always that your mom's prayers
your mom's dad or the most accepted same
thing as the father's most accepted ones
having lies in your mother's feet so
always respecting my mom always show
love to your mom and just always show up
to every single day like for me I was
from a shoulder so my mom every single
day no matter how much like every day no
matter how much I end up she's sleeping
I'll go to her and say like goodnight
everything like that always show up to
her knows respected and I was seeing
that just gave me like negative vibes so
I want to tell you guys so keep it
positive because I always I think about
me I always want to keep positive so I
would love to like make it positives you
guys if you guys are watching this and
if your mom is somewhere make sure you
give her a hug and a big kiss because
even if it's awkward or embarrassing
trust me she loves that it's something
so amazing even do it I do get lotion
and just massage your feet I'm telling
you she will love that our mothers who
our mothers will love that so so much
other than that I'll keep you guys
updated everything I love you guys so
much thank you guys so much for your
love and support thumbs up and go turkey
take care a peach I love you do me
I'm here for you always a favor
I'm strapped full tooth let me write
them away okay this would choose to say
