sometime hi hi hi what's up Adobe gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing but if I'm
having raised a you guys should be happy
and amazing today I got I do not know
where to start with this is something
that I've been hiding for the past two
years and I feel like I don't know today
I was vlogging moss and my whole family
and I felt like I have to say this
sooner or later before I get so and I
other me tell you guys and you guys
finding out today I decided to let you
all know that I have a son and my son is
not someone else was here my son is
lesson which is oh my god what's up my
stuff Muslim come fucking go together I
was supposed to tell you all about this
about two two and a half years ago when
mustn wasn't even born yet nothing like
that but I was so so afraid I'm so
scared if like you guys were gonna judge
me or like people looked at me different
or like I don't know why I don't know
also scared few guys wouldn't like me if
you guys would know that I have but I
have a kid that I have a son stuff like
that especially that I wasn't married
with the person that which is my son's
mother which is a girl that I had a
relationship with I wasn't married
chanath like that I am so cool with
enough like that I do not have a
relationship with her I had to say it
because when I was vlogging today all I
heard was Muhsin like calling me dad
calling me bobbin I have to tell him
like at the ilm sometimes tell him to
not call me Dad so not calling Bob like
say Adam because if he says Baba in the
camera people would see me that I'm his
dad and stuff like that so I had to tell
him to say Adam must say Adam say Adam
happy okay okay say Adam
it was seriously so so heartbreaking and
knowing that he would have had to grow
up and like know about this would have
truly broke my heart broke so many leg
would have would have seriously messed
up my whole life
I hope you guys accept that and I really
hope you guys understand because Marcin
is like he's he's my everything he's
literally like my life and me not beat
me being ashamed of saying he's my son
is super disgusting and and I take I am
guilty of that I'm guilty of doing that
that's really disgusting of me that's so
dumb of me to do but I'm here to make
myself a better person to make myself a
stronger person to be proud of to be
proud of what I am what I have Muslim is
an amazing amazing son and I really hope
that I can be an amazing father to him
you guys always like see me as like an
amazing that you guys always say like oh
oh Adam one day you're gonna be a great
father and every time I breathe I always
see myself like with moss and I see
myself as a horrible horrible father and
I felt like I felt like crap
I felt like crap I don't know why I've
always had that that thing to high stuff
especially in high school I hated I was
being Muslim because I was afraid people
look at me like I'm I'll be a bad person
so I really do not know why I hadn't
mustn't of him being my son to all you
guys and then but you guys do not know
how many times I filmed videos saying
just admitting one time I even had a
whole video ready I even titled the
video like Nelson is my son and I never
delete I did want to put her because I
didn't want the whole drama to happen
the whole people judging me everyone
going against me just I regret doing
this whole thing now I have to like like
explain myself for the past thing I
really wish I could go back to sometime
and let you guys know everything and
that's the only thing I could say and I
was I'm gonna start fresh from today and
I really hope you guys can still watch
this box every single day even though I
kind of told you guys that Marcin is my
nephew I see even tell my older brother
to put up pictures of my son saying that
he's your son which is a huge huge shame
my mom would seriously yeah let me go
crazy I mean every single day she was
schema maybe did he tell the people on
YouTube did he tell them ready to die
his son why don't you tell them that be
a man be a man and and I would deny all
the time are you I've run away I would
just I wouldn't even know
what to do some days when I'm like in
hotels and like in New York City is its
cuz its muffle me arguing with her mom
her telling me to just tell the world
that he's your son to stop being a
little punk about us I like that then
I'll come back then I'll make up my mom
and I came up with today to just let you
all know that
Muhsin is my son and I love him so much
and me and his mom aren't together but
inshallah God will give me someone that
I love and that were meant to be I
really hope you guys aren't offended or
anything about this I promise I'll still
give you guys daily vlogs every single
day with me my son and and to give you
guys my all and my literally my heart my
my passion my dedication to you guys as
you guys always show do me a serious
love you guys so so much from the bottom
art and all I can say is just I can
start fresh I can start new in like I
feel so much more relieved I've let out
so many like so many tears I've let out
literally every single night I didn't
let got so many - I didn't know what to
do I've been holding back I've been
smelling for fake everything happens for
a reason or whatever happens because
that's that's a lost plan that's it's
meant for you to happen so I feel like
that's meant for me to happen so I can
learn my lesson again for anyone come on
so never be ashamed of your family or
your son or whoever you have to world
let the world know that's that's your
son that's that's that's your everything
I really really really really do hope
you guys understand and if you guys want
to stay updated with him and everything
just follow me on Twitter that's I'm
gonna update you guys on Twitter
everything but other than that I'll see
you guys tomorrow do me
I supposed to make a video pranking
Deena but while I was lagging I could
seriously could've taken or my son was
saying saying he wasn't saying Adam you
saying Baba so many times I couldn't
even I didn't know what to do so you
know what I'm just gonna change it up
and make it hopefully on this I really
really hope I don't know I I don't know
I need some at least I've been scared of
what other people would think he's my
son
and I'm sorry for me not admitting he's
my son for the past few years is saying
he's my nephew in rumors brother which
he's not I just want you all to
understand that
I love him and he's literally my
everything and I love you guys
I'm so sorry once again thank you guys
so much for the support I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace hello
you
you
you
you
mustn't iraq to add them happy okay
you
you
