oh oh you're right if I have a question
for all of your amazing day yes I'll
make I'll put all are doing amazing I
love you all I hope you love me too
today I'm lightened wasn't here Tommy
Simonson - he's a crazy
he always playful look that was our
amazing stunt hi I hate butter the boy
so annoying spoiled didn't do it no baby
my baby a good sister and Persephone won
I wasn't good I give him everything I am
Angela
he always kissed me he pulls my hair he
bites me first ok I love so much no what
are you doing huh you can't kid on my
camera again I saw me cheating huh
what is she doing what's up hey guys
what's up and do me game I don't
remember he took over most of the vlog
right now but it's all good we out here
we chillin today was on we're having a
nice little Addams Family wretched day
again sorry mom hey how you doing girl
good I'm even begging to talk to him say
something hey advocating the video I'll
be selling her see was he doing
anyway how's it going why did you flatly
remot you been times like when they
start you don't have to win that out oh
how much
my everyone in the whole family he
listens to only me he only listens to me
right say yes yeah yes say one to me
three I didn't know he knows it we must
been a bad girl lady so my my dad took
her after all cuz she made me cry and I
she snuck in yes I love you too
shut up and die
yeah no I'm gone about what everybody
says he said you called him a bad
brother so he's gonna go crazy right now
someone messes with you knock him out
okay
oh yes oh gosh
laughs whatsapp I just got outside and
it's super late around 10 11 p.m. I'm at
the meet up with slim and my nephew
Yusuf I mean unis grab and venue for
Seoul so long I feel you have opinion
for like I haven't been here for like if
I haven't been here for years but
haven't been here for about 2 or 3
months which is they're pretty crazy I
used to come here every single day
enos square is one of the most ratchet
places in New York but it's a fun fun
place everyone's just passing through
and this guy looks like he's suffering
or something I know we go to him see
what sir
there you good man with it
the beat
yeah
maximum we go home
okay oh yeah sure
I'm here with our homemade Joseph told
you this ratchet people units were
waiting for slim hey waiting for Simon I
don't know what happened we're waiting
for slim and I don't know what happened
I don't know what happen with that guy I
think he was like I lose I think he was
drunk or on something but I still feel
bad man like something bad can happen to
them so I always want to make sure of
the ok of they even alive so I don't
know what to be honest is really
heartbreaking when he's outside alone
everyone's passive do it just looking at
the Messina footlocker finally what it's
close woman no way
yo you typer it is so much a vlog I saw
me dammit I got got I'm just gonna dress
up you gonna dress up as our characters
I have characters Adam Oxana Saleh and
slim Hamid Ali held back aliens
so right so I don't know we can do it I
was gonna go around Cho and let's see
how it goes it's Friday night
it's Friday night and it sold out
outside I don't know so we are in Times
Square
we're just walking one smelling some
fresh air
I
yeah
good
we did so we came out buddy my second
God work I love work and it's all apps
it tells you to have
life as users a God in the flesh he's
more than a prod recognize he says how
can you worship issue Father Son and
Holy Spirit are infinite if always
everlasting to everlasting King and you
go get about
development at which point we'll see the
thing about what I do it would you save
me so I knew he was going to be ok
like because her musical husband cooker
if Mohammed if his disciples Balram
teaching how do you know I don't even
know what you're saying I feel like you
guys are you cooking as a board or
something like that but the muse has
found another it's the fastest growing
religion in her why is that that's
obviously I don't know much and I'm not
a Shaykh I'm not a person who knows no
law but in lamb is the fastest growing
religion in the world you know Jesus
ended hello
we all know God rules we don't okay but
jesus said jesus said to them that
Abraham he knows Abraham right abraham
rejoiced to see my day he saw it and was
glad and the Jews said to him you are
not even 50 years old
check this out so but behold argued
because God let me finish
Jesus Abraham was before Moses
therefore this is million physical you
know that shows limbs in our analysis of
Dragon oh yes sir in other words more
than Catholic pose move engine
you see this guy press right now here's
a prop right there if you look at it
Jesus this is for just like that the
best modest right because the women your
one-minute or yoga friends there's other
books and essence walking a public
mostly women never done them because we
are straight or well my thi this and a
lot of priests turns out of Catholic but
they don't even know what the modest to
is all the girls look at it therefore
that fucking boats and as we're walking
topic there were your appearance in the
powder my dual illustration to them
you said that's why you're not a Muslim
because you wear the brown you didn't
see Tommy give me about a little while
ago sir follow your bike you because
each you gonna have to us Muslims we
treat innocent we treat our metal right
Morris back before anyone anyone if if
my kingdom were of this world like those
words
any motion oh oh you're right I have a
question for all of us so what's the
point of all of you guys coming I are
doing this to me me and say a claim that
Jesus Christ yes yeah to book the way
that Jesus Christ God and if you don't
believe in him you wouldn't died yes
look you guys are coming I have to say
that right Muslims that's like you even
have to God is still the fastest boat
and we don't even have to go out doing
this time because people know that you
on any religion
do you know in any religion is there 3
million people at my practice almost a
bill of you at once praying that once
together one time to the calotype you
know any place in our responder they're
known as you know any place like that
any religion let that do that he said if
you don't believe in me
as god you're gonna die in your sins
I'm sorry that's oh you're going to hell
give me a never changing you're not even
over
I can feel you guys before one month
I'll tell you that we don't refer to
when I say Mohammedan no oh my god in
the ambulance in Connecticut in the AMR
I transport patient to the rehab at all
I never seen one visit his mother 8 8
years old and over in the hospital we
never do it in Saudi Arabia we respect
our mother what we're saying is bullshit
so it's bullshit
well we all believe that Jesus Christ
guards the head of every household and
he told Moses and put the blood
over the churches those are not Muslim
knowledge as they're precious
we respect our religious and said if you
do go to solder email you would try out
any other Muslim country it's you're
more than what you have to buy us you go
to Yemen they all do the same thing as
rules which are reach the child speech
to you we respect you guys but just know
us Muslims as persons you don't have to
go over each other it's all all happen
because I was walking through a on this
how happen I was walking through and
your friend down there him right there
he's hiding under the little side he
came up to me because he saw me dressed
like good he said hey face it he said
I'm going to help because I'm Muslim
given everybody's going crazy man it's
all they work a movie whatever hang
black people have a shoe on doors of my
wife and web like only know says that I
need know everywhere but before what do
you know the first religions ever sleep
that you hold the talks no you know you
don't know you don't have boys is he's
probably in place oh yeah they have
blacks and whites oh yeah so he says to
me Chrissy black Sarah won the Jesus in
the Christian Bible it's not a black
person to be Christian okay I'm not
gonna but a lot of people become pushing
my cuz they were slaves that's when the
Christian can you asleep
please lady president staff going to
help
may God help you brother thank you
somehow love people out of love man yeah
that was so crazy so when the flu walks
around normal like this you looked at me
slim and it's like look you're going to
help it's all good we never learn we
respect every religion out there when
someone approaches us that way it's just
like you know it gets tensed up stuff
like that but it's all good it is what
it is our prospective one's beliefs
stuff like that and I like haven't
debate sometimes here and there but so
good you guys let me know what you guys
think in the comments below wherever it
is but it is all about peace that peace
all right do me gang it's time to wrap
up this vlog I hope you all enjoy this
vibe did make sure give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey
once again I apologize for like the
whole debate we asked if that was just a
little fun debate it's not a anything
personal to have a debate is it I
haven't spoke with the guys after though
like I was just a little discussion we
had a debate they like they like having
somebody that's what they're there for
to have debates because when I passed
through they wanted my attention they're
all you going hell you wanna and I gave
them that tender because kind of got to
me with are you going to hell it is
nothing personal as a Muslim I love
every single human being out there every
every religion I respect everyone and
every single belief that everyone has
and it's all love from you all peace all
smiles and and everything like that so
as long as no one like you know when it
gets like even even if it's a Muslim and
disrespect another Muslim that's when
that's one like that that's why I had
the guy approached us in a kind of a
disrespectful way that's why I may seem
like everyone was going crazy because
the way he approached us was horrible
horrible how like how can you just
really go of someone saying like
pointing fingers in the face and saying
that which is pretty crazy but it's all
good hope you guys enjoyed that little
debate see you guys tomorrow Doniak
take care earng peace I like
I'm here for you always a favor
I'm sure that those teeth
then he wipe them away okay this what
choose a say
