everything you're doing he's doing the
right Thank You solos videos my
Charlotte oh that's such more 64gb
hugman
then they do Mary
right here right now
hey guys what's up do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
not having an amazing day because hi
guys I'm not having an amazing it
because I haven't got a haircut and I
feel so naked and so weird without my
haircut so I'm gonna go get a haircut
and come back then I'm gonna start the
vlog so I'll see you guys and a few pics
I am back
what's up do me gang I hope you all have
an amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so about having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
oh forget Tina well just scare the crap
out of receiving hair did not have no
clue but I hope you're having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day
and I got this fresh cut if you guys
don't notice my fresh cut from before
and after then because usually my mom
and like all muscles you tell me can i
play with you okay imma come on if you
okay wait outside for me so you can
surprise them in a vlog as I was saying
if you guys do not notice the difference
between my haircut because my mom's
sisters that was like it looks the same
thing and look the same thing it does it
look I got a shape up it's it I feel
different I feel better
the haircut looks much better and I know
it is right look mom what's up how are
you good I missed you you so remember
who I am do you remember who I am yeah
what's my name
hey how old am i I'm six wow you know
much are you getting big how old you
know your bad turn five wow it's amazing
give me five missed you so much everyone
was asking about friend and tour in Oslo
Norway Sweden Stockholm Gothenburg
Copenhagen they're like where's Remo did
I want to give me my kiss so give them a
big kiss okay you're them big kiss
how are you in a play like this what
we're gonna play later okay we can play
later
we don't playing two minutes okay okay
oh look who we have here listen
he hates me now he doesn't like me
forgot all about me
Remo he forgot me huh he doesn't know
who I am now
why you always snoring why you always
know when we love each other now yeah
does it's me all time when I'm sleeping
so imma do to him when he's sleeping
then right before you got you we got you
this toy hey guys it is done
yeah you mean how about first husband
yeah boy ahh
doesn't want to give me kiss and I gave
him a present
yeah okay thank you thank you miss you
won't you wear my red traction I want
you to wear this a company fiber fun I
love circle the pants and you can look
fresh as however super fresh okay you
should take another selfie my dad is
crazy bitch hello give that like go in
the Hat was it go here head got it does
it fit you yeah I might be good the
majesty a look at this the McGee be size
medium a large yeah I gotta say what up
yeah but that's a good fresh literally
slice on you
thumbs up my dad cause it looks
passionate I swear these fresh look
fresh oh oh oh my god good top minutes
it was poppin go yeah what's pocket
what's poppin was talking home of it
Oh fun okay I feel like a kid again
yeah I'm feeling a kangaroo are you
pushing me later go chat against rank
okay if I get it they have to give it
thumbs up right say thumbs up guys if I
do this you have to give it a thumbs up
and say well oh well no you have to guys
you have to give it a thumbs up and
promise of you to give it thumbs up if I
get a strike
ready set go
I can't look at the camera and go at the
same time I saw it I have to focus
oh my god I have to focus on it oh I got
a strike that means I got to give it a
thumbs up I have to work yeah idea okay
one log give a thumbs up if you make at
least one let's go to what the heck was
that
come on please get ready sir go blue
super baby look he's so bad ago he does
the go he does are you faster he's
saying her name was don't do that
crema hello sorry you mugs
tell them sorry not supposed to do
you're not supposed to hit that a kid
okay go give him big hugs his heart I'm
gonna count of five one two three ah we
are not over right now and we are
heading to times is ours to visit Emma
say what up to the home because I
haven't seen it was all so long so we're
gonna turn up today and after that when
I'm back home you're gonna do Mihrimah
going to look cool thing that I think is
really different only the people in the
tours so it we did this other stop at
parity with slammed and I'm gonna be
doing it like on to YouTube and I'm
thinking about recording like a little
parody music video no we're not gonna go
take your cheese because we always go
there whenever we go there so boring in
a so rash and we're not gonna check a
cheese yeah no no no no ahh
knowing uh-uh I don't want to
imagine people say hair like this hi
magic people oh he was gonna be ah wait
here um what's up
what free muff I much prefer come give a
fuck
oh I feel sorry and you guys know what's
up so what's good is okay it wasn't
names Eddie not Ali we will just call
him Ali is Eddie Oh tell him where
my homie I do so Hamzah lady to channel
hums inhaler it's called team double H
because me still came up with that name
- Nick Nick that dolly I told them not
to make it because they're in school and
stuff like that unless we're doing good
so they will be uploading if they don't
go to school
none of it they're only gonna be
uploading it is only good only the door
girls so if you guys do want to check
out the channel you guys will see it
down below subscribe me out there and
you will see it make sure you put up
good content nothing nothing that's
right let me get the fresh haircut
French Montana Montana on a black we
know me mess with me you get like Rima
is an OG you already know what it is
chillin in NYC is all about me what are
you guys doing yeah I watch ICarly
she is going on oh gosh icarly oh nice
cardi we're like Sam first cuter
it does it once cuter - I dunno
oh yes Sam which one's cheater none Oh
silly without me spoon ah no the whole
ice cream sighs help me face up here get
a get a towel get us up uh man
Rema look what you did yes it was oh you
know what these sneakers are what is it
called ha ha
well we're told you about that these are
called Karachi's no how do you know
about kids you know about sneakers yeah
ok so what are you know know what I'm
saying the Jordans but what do they call
nah nope you're not that my head it
account the ball and I choose ah yeah so
yeah real back anything I want to go in
my shoes layin back in again with the
corridor on the show you guys pin pin um
Chuck let me show you guys some cool
basketball tricks this is the first one
this is called no I don't know what's
call but this is it Hey okay oh this was
easy you just spin it on your hand
leader let me do this Oh Oh was that
reverse heaven and we having a cup yes
does it look like I got a haircut yeah
it does
sheesh nice and finally one person knows
I got a haircut but the thing is when I
got this haircut it was taking me so
long about an hour and a half because
when I go to a Hispanic Robert oh my
gosh they're the best of the best
barbers they talk see they get
distracted so easy you know what you
know me and have a second do a little
skit for you guys i'ma show guys a
little skit i'ma show you guys Hispanic
Burt barbers african-american large
white barbers and our barbers we're
gonna do a little skiff to you guys in
this one since this is going to be a
long blog for you guys hey I want to
show you got some appreciation I'm gonna
put in a little skit into this a thumbs
up let me show you
let's get right now
hello compasso como estas Mia more hello
Jose Reyes will come baseball poor gotta
home run total okay yeah yeah
Diablo no no no no no no ragas and Janna
prince royce yellow in the night has
gone oh yeah I'm gonna start okay
Oh
I'll give you that fresh shape up you'll
have I seen a naked picture of Kim
Kardashian rolled I think is crazy man
she literally put up a picture of her
buck naked man pop naked are you sure
the three all Kobe Kobe come on manage
that jump shot man whoa produce you
don't Chili's yo look at them
cheerleaders you see that don't look at
that you K to y'all today you see that
she had a fat bought your dollars
let's go back
let me shake a leg I think there are too
many I know I know I know
oh yeah I was not born yesterday I know
how to get the best haircut okay don't
tell me what to do I am the bar but you
are the customer and associated having I
know how to do it I don't they love ya
I'm a general move up put it down put it
and that is the little mini skit in this
vlog this is what I went through in the
bar in the barber it depends if I want
to go to Hispanic barber
they give the best haircut Oh think of
the best haircuts but they talk so much
and alleys on and I want to understand
what they're saying when I go to an
african-american barber it's fun because
you get to watch the basketball game
stuff like that the baby may appear in
and they make it do a lot of harm stuff
from like oh look
you see yeah you see this easy to our
barbers don't ever go to now from here
give me the worst haircut it telling us
shit
good work it's like my mom giving you a
guy don't ever go to an our barber oh
I'm just saying that up by barbers there
is a me
this is Rima she's mad cuz we're going
she does she wants to go charities by
other ones mean how's this coming
tomorrow thank you skinny Eddie what's
up so what up Eddie I doing home daddy
Ali Haider it is getting dark out here
but me and Homs are gonna play a little
basketball game at the night time with
Remo this used to be one of my old bats
of course that is to always love playing
out when I was younger
airball hamza you'll be 101 I see that
don't check come on let's go jump shot
ready
I gotta teach you man don't worry about
it I'm gonna teach you doing
don't touch it
to be fast on
I just moves for you guys ready make it
hams a workout washes right
again adore me here that's for you guys
come on
gonna play basketball next hi guys this
is like my childhood basketball court so
I gotta make some shots for you guys all
these shots one chance shots like I'm
gonna taking one chance right let's go
let's go and see what a little bad girl
no cuts no nothing straight up
half-court shot one chance ready we're
ready oh yeah yeah yeah ooh be good one
so we just got home and I bought food to
the family wants pizza who wants burgers
come on this is New York Pizza I may
look sloppy right now but this is the
amazing New York Pizza look how it is
right then only cost $2 New York Pizza
only costs $2 I also got some cheese
fries some cheeseburger from the hell
out chicken spot looks weird Cooper yeah
I love pizza dough boy yeah yeah let's
see if Mawson likes me now Mawson muslin
mazda was it was it was it wasn't it was
it
okay let's see if he gives me kiss I'm
over Rhema okay okay you know we know we
love you Micah's klappa klappa yah yah
see David again he gave a good he gave
me a kiss
he gave me goes I mean he loves me again
and he's cute oh okay there you go maybe
who asked you no one asked you you fine
I just want to tell you guys want me to
pull a pr8 and K on Rima again let me
know what the comments for me to Reva so
I have a girlfriend now what I didn't
take code so okay so I love gonna curl
your tongue if you ever go for every
what's that I have two girlfriends
I think include dog
have two girlfriends who are you gonna
beat up are you gonna beat up your minds
girlfriend what what's their names
do you like them yeah why yeah why
because I wanna know are they are they
real time shares a lot of stars yeah
so you're gonna be jealous and not like
okay but look why don't you like push it
on Sahara you want to beat them up yeah
I'm like I'm exotic what am i push it I
do you like Misha
yeah you want to beat her up yeah you
want to beat up push it on yeah why you
gun
would you mind is gonna be men cuz he's
with her right now Jamel is taken with
bullshit are you gonna beat up Bushra
yeah Jamel is gonna be mad though don't
do that he asked me last time he got ice
cream for all right guys me and Reba
about to work out not proud of you but
I'm not parody okay so I have the lyrics
ready and now I'm looking for beat for
for Drake work beat so I'm trying to get
it right now hopefully this one works
for it and I'm gonna listen to it is
right here you guys have enough is good
hello buddy set go um I don't want it to
be the same thing I want to be a little
different yeah yeah yeah I'm gonna be
drink by the way norbi honor glow desert
him no time you have your lurking nobody
takes me in a crisis so I believe all
your dreams of elation
you took my dynamite okay it's gonna be
a separate video up for a parent
separate video up the link is below
ready
okay you need to calm down down down
down because this auto but no cuz I'm
just joking
sorry if I have a big baby hey more of
it coming through gonna film the video
for in a few and there should be fun
this is fun recording long long vlogs
and if you just came to show love come
to say that comfortably just say yeah
say what is good having seen his homie
for so so long
haven't seen if like 10 days he's like
my older he's my oldest nephew but like
even even will not go out and come back
I still miss him so much like as if he's
not like mother enough right I'm certain
whoa whoa I think he's my little nephew
like that I'm super jealous I was here
cuz he got soft soft a bachelor I was it
imagine fat is here if I had to say will
be top look at the tunnel how do you put
on look look at this tomato vine on it
pass it doesn't bro this will be sick on
red I say oh we came over man I think
your hair numb suits you nah man don't
don't let me arrives look at this so I
think the same way too like oh I wish I
had like a little rope yeah so look at
this hope that you can move it when I
have here I'll go like that I don't move
nothing
click what happens when I try to kick
out must not the room I'm trying to work
on this song right here gentle work on
it but then I times I kicked him up pick
up mom's letter came up guys
I need a wagon I need I can't work on it
while you staring at me I want to work
at home he just keeps picking on what
I'm working on it's so distracting ha
Meem up how you just gonna kick you out
and keep yourself here Remo
I said I'm telling this is what could be
still not on beat yeah like I'm beat I'm
still fixing in it when I'm fixing it
and I'm gonna get it right now hopefully
total great writer your mom yeah me mom
is gonna play Rihanna in this music
video
Jana give me Gus you can't Ariana say
yes yeah say yes yes say sorry
hey say sorry Sammy no it's sorry not
sorry
it's behind the scenes Rima being
Rihanna
doing a good job you know you're acting
those skills how did he do it say rap
like Drake that makes it say B Drake say
I want you to ride like Drake's it ready
let's do this Kim fun he'd shout out
tomorrow me Yousef he's helping us
record this little mini parody so just a
small one just alone it's just a little
mini parody you know something that
it'll just take me a day to work on so
imagine if it if I work on something
like a big parody or something crazy and
it'll take me about a week or two and
I'm like a big production so this is
something just in a day that I can try
to do so Mihrimah had to do it ready
rumor yeah come
Remo's looking at the mirror she
screamed cuz she stars up what's wrong
with you have a ratchet face go ahh
ready Rima / yeah okay we just got done
with a little mini parody as it was Rima
showing to be shot at ARIMA for her
acting skills are crazy macho service if
anyone is looking forward to put Rima at
you I'm trying to give you a good
promotion you're picking your nose if
you're looking for a ratchet character
for kids to put them in any shows or
something like that like a TV show or
kid show or Disney Channel they won't
put your digits on if you do that you
can hit up Reema and Remo will be more
than happy to be in their eye rima yeah
yeah thank you so much and I cannot wait
for the final product I forgot to edit
all of this stuff like that and I'm
gonna go outside and show with Yusef I'm
still gonna vlog while I'm chilling
music I'm gonna show you guys what we do
when we try a kitchen to cook yeah
alright so we go up we're gonna go out
we're gonna chill and I'm sure you guys
record like I'm gonna try to make this a
raw like blog vlog ship that's up to 200
zenit turns up to Adam
thumbs up to Sahara thumbs up to slim it
thumbs up to Adam yeah did you read
about this we got some food here
water we also got some hummus sorry for
the loud music but it's about midnight
right now and I'm outside we use have
just got done eating some Lebanese food
we were gonna head to Times Square and
our children because he wants to buy a
pair of sneaker
anything I see I'm a pair of sneakers
we're gonna see I'm gonna hook him up a
show I might go and give my dad a new
phone i'ma tell you guys a story of my
dad this is why niggas niggas so loud
like I Love New York City because
everything is so alive but like vlogging
is like everything so loud you can't
listen to me you can't like hear you
guys but we're gonna go my dad to have
my dad I just bought an iPhone 6s right
above an eyeball man i phone success
right and he came to me today's I got my
phone is messed up it's not working I
want a new one no no no I'm like what
happened Ivan he was like oh this
doesn't wanna play on my phone I'm like
putting mean - that means you you're not
doing around you - app it's not work
he's like yo you need no work and no
give me no phone I don't care I want the
Samsung seven I'm like how you just
wanna change from an iPhone to Samsung
and whenever I'm trying to talk to him
like no like you're going you to impress
Tigers like no I don't want to use that
for I want to use Samsung so I'm like hi
dad chill out
I'll get you a Samsung so I gotta go
around.i from where do people get
Samsung this is an apple you can get an
Apple store from Samsung what do you by
t-mobile
CSX apples team Happel I'll show you
guys the goat no patch ready
that's just one
oh fuck
now we have job
we just got tan square I'll miss this
place so much
haven't been here for so long I'm always
shopping traveling the past three months
ever since 2016 started the travel
so I'm going to go out to look for city
confuses let me get a Samsung if there's
any place open which I doubt so I think
I'm gonna probably get the same song by
the i-75 that tomorrow because
everything all the t-mobile support spot
suppose so I saw some lady with green
hair now my once leading our green hair
I look around in the st. Patrick's Day
gotta say Patrick they say so like we
wear green
these are sketches is open yo bro yeah
get out of here
whoever you really just sketch it
through them hijack his sketches bro
he's a sick rolling I like the brown
room
Kathy just sick I'm running a lab my
daddy saw my dad and I swear when these
when I was like like 10 10 15 years ago
Lisa rocked me you're looking at tougher
tell me well these are the pirate Easy's
the noir that came at the sold-out vote
only sketches they have get it bro
people know they got my side someone's
got shadow play
so we got shot we're getting shot
somebody get drawn right now and all
right this is I've never done this just
me get another guy I've got something
good make me blank
we are both ahead of a character which
was real
yes twenties yeah do it real I want a
real one make me look nice head put my
face this way
it
yeast is going to take over the line I
do it
to beta baby
yeah hey looks good what up baby what up
yeah yeah man is New York
we always got mad love for you guys you
guys take care of us so we're gonna take
care of you baby you're a nobleman so I
have
Oh Adam Salah in New York once bro how's
it run along I know oh this feels rich I
watch your blog for years
and I feel like I know you but it's
weird because you don't know me oh you
all forget really
how do
watch it for three years
see you just like this I don't know so
much but since I don't know what to give
you but you know what I'm gonna give you
one of my favorite I can't I don't like
that why you bow
everyone take here the Queen bro
thank you so much yo he said Bo listen
you doing what you're doing yeah Kelvin
I saw this one block yeah where you were
crying because yeah it's blue poison
jealous yeah not grow your so much about
back appreciate
what they're saying I never let any
anyone whatever they say I know I know
there's so much above that Thank You
person everyone makes mistakes
it's to live on camera every single day
yeah don't worry about the little things
yeah overall everything you're doing
you're doing the right thing Thank You
soldiers videos mashallah
but that touch more since you go poking
you hug man thank you so much man I
appreciate a world American sips
appreciate yo Adam sulla in the me my
New York at 12 don't what am I doing
here what do you think it bro
I'm chillin ready thank you guys so much
thank you Mike when I'm fishing up in
800 be safer bro you sure Eddie time yes
Bob thank you so much man you say well
any time since the a piece of hardware
enjoy your time in doing so I sit down
with that kim jiwon oh yeah of course
over you - yes right now link up on this
one all right so I got the picture what
the heck why did I do this oh he made
you border on the back this looks
nothing like what I do this
what I should have just stuck with one
you guys drawing me like you got what I
don't even know why I did this you know
what let's try going to get you some
sneakers I think it's close oh yes it is
close famous I guess the sketches view
user and I started a new trend it's dear
despite of me while I was getting drawn
inside by tagging so so cool who sewed
on earth thank you so much for waiting
he waited for me like 10-15 minutes and
I noticed he's a truly a writer that I
don't because he mention all the blogs
the old blogs like a lot of stuff that I
know that I hadn't you remember nothing
like that so it's a pleasure talking to
him and showing him thank you guys so
much him and homie Mike Ali thank you
guys so much I appreciate you guys I'm
looking through my Instagram DMS and
it's so funny I always see pictures if
you always do me pictures when I see a
ream outside with my mom or something
like that it always looks so funny we
was like literally so nice when she
meets everyone so you chat out to you hi
hello all right do me gang it's time to
wrap up this vlog I hope you'll enjoy
this way if you did make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go turkey if you
enjoy long long vlogs like this give it
a thumbs up for more vlogs like this
super awesome ratchet and just long
vlogs of literally everything that I do
thumbs up and I'll let you guys know the
video will be up separately make sure
you guys go check it out the link will
be down below go to it give it an extra
big thumbs up because I'm gonna be doing
this I'm giving away this I don't even
want this I don't want to look at no
more so I'm gonna give it away to anyone
who comments on the video down below and
gives it a thumbs ups you have to give
it a thumbs up and comment on it and
I'll be giving a video or messaging
someone and giving him this I'd even
know why anyone what this but I'm giving
it away I don't want this so good luck
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
don't let anyone who who always like
says negativity about you bring you down
you know stay positive and know who you
are be true to yourself and always yeah
just always give back ok you do this you
touch up I can lick my nose ah
mmm hi guys take care and pitch la
Yussef
yes yeah yeah cry huh I'm here for you
always a fan promise you that those
tears then he write them away I know
okay that's what you say
