hey guys what's up do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing it because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing day
I just woke up from about a three
four-hour nap which is technically my
sleep I technically slept here in
Copenhagen Airport right over here this
was literally my spot where I stopped
with my little pillow that I had it is
what it is a lot of people have it worse
when they're homeless
they sleep outside in the cold so I like
sometimes you got to go through what
they go through so you can feel what
they go through it always be you know be
grateful and always be positive and help
out the less fortunate
all right now we're gonna have to
security and go to New York City
literally all of us have been sleeping
here has been really hectic Simmons on
his games right now
he's uploading his vlog we finally got
to edit and upload a sofa top is up it
comes up some slept over here I stepped
over there because what's up huh that's
crazy
we literally still up the floor that's
crazy how did it make you feel when each
other I think it just humbles you down a
bit you know knowing that people have it
worse than you you know so if you do it
for England for a little bit we just did
it for a couple hours other people do
that on a daily basis so it's crazy if
you put your put yourself in their shoes
for a moment humble you down I don't
know that's right right hey we're so
sleep is about to leave I know yeah I
know it was so so silly but we're gonna
be out is how it goes
was like items
what is up at Duma gang I am back home
and New York City and I had a crazy
crazy long flight was probably the
longest flight I've ever been on because
I went from Germany d√ºsseldorf to
Berlin from Berlin to Denmark Copenhagen
that had to wait in Denmark Copenhagen
for about nine to ten hours then after
Copenhagen I came back to New York City
which was about an eight to nine hour
flight and that was longer from from
when I went table from about to New York
City because we had to go get son's bag
he finally found in Hamden love I was
bored if we wouldn't want to Copenhagen
we didn't find his bag I have never
defined it and I'm back and I have it
like this is the most tired I've ever
been because a long long flight and
sleeping outside it was hectic and crazy
but I'm the like home map here to go
look for Martin and furry my theory
wasn't scoring I'm I'm gonna go look
from Austin I say what up to him I speak
to him and then you guys will see more
of The Addams Family tomorrow and I'm
gonna show you guys one of them actually
know how to do like like back pose I
know like a lot of lips from Floyd's
back loves watching me very shy
Rick five Mayfair
look he's always so shy
whenever I go away and come back are you
so shy huh catch you know that I got it
stole it
stern clusters ever I'm Stewart ever why
you shy huh be shy again I wore don't be
shy no pinch your cheek now I'm from
your cheek I'm pretty got boy
pres it was it was it do you know why
yeah I'm Adam
do you forget about me look this is not
you you're not bossing me kiss wasn't
this Adam it's me why don't you remember
we mustn't listen cowboy I'm your uncle
Adam I've lied with you every day only
been away for like only ten days I love
you
why did you forget me
oh you forget me look y-you forget me
after all these months that I've been
there for you I've done everything for
you
in this lag me you think that's funny
that's funny
II make it does happen I'm heartbroken
you forgot me he forgot me
why'd you forget I love you don't forget
me don't forget me was it hey if you
don't wanna kiss me I'll kiss you don't
forget me to hasta was it was it was
overlooked Shh
have you uh why is he so shy don't be
shy why are you shy huh huh leave me
he's gonna run away watches don't run
don't run
I'll bite you know play cheetah or huh
don't hi guys it is time to wrap up this
bag I hope you all enjoyed the vibe we
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey I'm so so sorry finding it
really really early but I'm just gonna
put up a short vlog for today because it
was a hectic hectic day other than that
I'll see you guys tomorrow dumb again
say take care take care and peace I love
you
I'm here for you always in favor I'm
sure that let me write them
away okay this what you say
