hey excuse me I can't hold my hair I
feel like I'm like going to like a
different world like I need someone's
like hold on hey guys what's up for do
be getting I hope you are having an
amazing day because we're having an
amazing day so we're having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy
dumi getting I'm on my way to the
dentist I'm so so afraid I don't know
why I'm so afraid I just do not want
them to put me to sleep but the thing is
I don't know if it's my wisdom tooth I
don't know if it's a cavity I don't know
if it's a Ruka now I don't know what it
is but my tooth in the back is just
killing me so so much so I headed to the
dentist right now we're gonna see how it
goes so I just got out to Oberer and I'm
at the wrong spot I put the wrong
freaking address but it's not my fault
it's Google's fault now I have to
freakin get another who were waiting for
another uber in the freaking cold man
it's freezing look man I'm the middle of
nowhere what the heck I need to get my
tooth this tooth pain hurts man I never
knew tooth pain hurts this much I'm
about to hitchhike seriously
no little stop from it hi guys I'm in
Dunkin Donuts right now I'm having a hot
chocolate no one wanted to pick me up
and take me to the dentist so I'm
plugging in a glass some people trying
to see if you could take me to the
dentist on to the wrong spot
you guys are not gonna put me to sleep
well maybe I do actually
oh no boring you have a nice smile thank
you so much open so you feel like it's
right back here by the gum huh thank you
all right good yes you do have a hole
nice job so this has probably been going
on for a while and you have nice teeth
I suspect at a glance which into the
nerve and you probably know who come out
no I only had a glance but let's take an
x-ray down here
did that hurt oh no right that's good
all right guys they just got done with
my x-ray now they're gonna check and see
what's going on I think I'm gonna need a
root canal in the back of my tooth right
here but the good thing is I telling me
that my teeth are good it's just broken
now I'm gonna need a root canal so um ah
we're gonna see I've got x-rays y'all go
see how this whole shadow yeah see this
dark part that's the nerves so it's
literally the decay kind of ate its way
inside yeah and sitting on the nerve oh
you scared of the root canal yeah so you
give you a little nitrous laughing gas
diandra button you need to be quick to
sleep that's more dangerous it's a big
needle
you ready out over that yeah I think I'm
ready boom my mom is getting sore and I
think to put a needle first yeah so we
want to get in sword it do me getting so
they're starting the process right now
they just put a needle inside my mouth
my mom is like so so numb I do not show
anything about to put another needle
show the needle how big all right open
this is the last more than a minute
what's this oh it's not gonna put
me to sleep right now I'm gonna be good
right I'm not gonna die now okay now so
Adam just got some laughing gas I don't
how you feeling
alright film them on the right at a wall
a little number than you were
yeah much money we got the back your
tongue a little let's tap your tongue
yeah yeah yeah we're here I'm here
snap your back ah you missed me I've
missed you so so much
oh yeah we got some of the stuff yeah
you see how much they would have all
right you're gonna feel don't you feel
the difference with your Tom oh you
happy tons number yeah I want to come
back and see it looks like a little yeah
you do causing you the pain just sayin
out your move on hey excuse me I can't
hold my hand I feel like I'm like going
to like a different world like I need
someone's like hold on to I don't know
what's going on this is like this old
layup man like I love you guys man help
me out please man I'm scared man what
are you scared of I don't want to go out
of life
you're nothing go ahead like me and your
life is still going on hold on I see it
live please I'm just gonna no we're just
cleaning your teeth man let the car man
oh we're just clean your teeth I don't
wanna know what's up my nose yo my Pig
no it's a nitrous that's a nitrous wise
one moles look like that it's the
nitrous
it's what's making you feel like this
forget the laughing gasps laughing yes
you feel funny
no good man I need someone to protect me
I protect me where's it do me again
awesome like this you want to do me
Gator cookie bring the game to me it
wasn't do me good did I hear me
bring it bring me do me and please
please what's up vlog what's up Jimmy
and I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so far
having raised a you all should be having
amazing happy day I can't feel my mouth
or nothing um Nikki was telling me to
vlog because it's crazy but I don't want
to I want to go to sleep because this is
going on like I wanna just knock out
like what's going on guys we just came
back from a dentist and Adam is in not
so great condition
okay for nothing no I can't you want to
slap me smacking gun i don't feel it i
don't feel it i don't feel it i don't
feel that i don't feel it i don't feel a
mother it's not good to tell you uncle
you got me I didn't tell you yeah no I
did it do you wanna stop me
Danica you wanna stop me next yeah oh
just stop asking everyone started
slapping you why you asking everyone to
slap you gonna slap me next I don't feel
nothing I don't know nothing was like a
- Elly's fabric or what father Abraham I
love you guys don't get a hug ah I love
you guys so much you guys okay
you can't spray Febreze on on/off white
man I did last time so she's in my life
I love her a lot
bleach your skin stop stop
that's bleach I'm cleaning my face all
right okay that's okay I told you have
to put in your mouth - laughs you doing
man
it tastes disgusting oh yeah it's it's
not meant to go your bum I feel it in my
throat like like like like cologne Amazo
like Axe yeah its ass it's not meant oh
come on I'll get you water
oh wait what are you doing that I make
sure you drink it yeah my mother's
getting dirty man drink so why are you
throwing so Brima dirty Adams been
tripping out all day I don't know what
he's been doing
I keep catching him doing super stuff I
keep on I keep on catching Gusev herself
look about about just falling around and
like to see the stupid stuff he does no
sweets I'm hungry man you can't eat no
sweets what the hell is dark it's dark
outside
yeah it's night it's dark it's so dark
outside bro haven't you wearing
sunglasses indoors it's dark hollow I
took over some glasses
oh good better now yeah all right you
good yeah I was looking in the mirror
man like I just feel like I need like
hey go down my hair I'm gonna diet right
now like white or gray how you gonna die
right now
follow the temperature San Francisco I
don't know I'm having it done right now
come come don't touch me either gray or
white the gray one it's totally let's
lay down what we're going a little bit
all right we're going 20 minutes waiting
going 20 minutes okay mustn't women's we
may be okay not saying I'm not good
right now I love Sunday mus enormous and
muscle please muscle muscle my face was
it but I haven't figured three alternate
beam me up stop huh this is this is what
this is what you always does man tries
to fight me for a reason
maybe I should've never taught him how
to box I'm gonna end the vlog Adam is
sleeping so subscribe and hit that like
button
like a tsunami
