ma√Ætre say he's better than me
tell my man shut up hey guys what's up
in Douma gang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
that we were heading to the meeting
readout here and doesn't off at the wall
we're running a little late because it's
security they're giving us kind of a
little bit issues but we're gonna fix it
everything's gonna go well so hopefully
it turns out great
as you guys can see we're staying near
the hood I mean right here
don't drink well ha sido just drink
water what I'm saying
excuse me that's it I'm not leaving ich
ich liebe dich leave these DVDs mucho
mucho I'm so so excited because I miss
you guys out here in Germany haven't
seen you guys for like six seven months
and the reason why we came here we want
to do meeting it also in like a surprise
city and will lets liminal cos choose
because they haven't been to Europe like
that and they chose Germany they want to
explore Germany and see Germany so went
to Germany I know a lot of people like
why did you go switch all in why didn't
you come to Italy or Spain they chose
Germany so we won't be out here Germany
you guys ready
exciting thanks I was here they scored
tell us speaking English
this place name what's the name ich
liebe dich oh sheesh
you don't know Ashley dish I love you
Starbucks are going so I believe
somewhere in here or somewhere not even
know where it's at
that's somewhere on you it's always so
hard to find Starbucks you always make a
starter class like the easy spot if
we're doing like a 3:00 meeting green
like open a degree for everyone
polygamists Thomas we can't find it
hopefully we find it if you have someone
what's up man
first person who met was Ashley with is
over do me gang man do me either
this is very crowded dance how did it
Alice in the picture first before we go
there I want you to miss out
snippin ease
a huge thank you to everything one for
coming up we try to take pictures with
every single one of you and then he got
kind of little dangerous one of the
securities were telling us to leave and
then when we're trying to leave we got
to taxi and the taxi driver this way
that he drove off stopped in front of a
police station and said get out in front
of the police station they were like
okay what the hell he said get out
then that's when I didn't like that bus
when I came out I was like this dude
would literally like just kick this out
and then throw the homie here this taxi
driver got us in and he's taking us back
so huge shout-out thank you so much man
what's your name
thank you all so much I appreciate you
man thank you somehow is it how'd you
guys enjoy it well you all seem so tired
man
yeah well so drinking this Powerade from
Germany and it tastes does even taste
like how are you like the same does
Americans he's so we're so different
it's like iced tea or something like
that like chocolate here at my lai the
chocolate here in Europe in Germany
Switzerland everywhere it is amazing it
is it shits on the one in America Susie
the trouble here cannot compare it to
the one in America for the drinks the
juices is weird how much I got sorry I
need if someone told me about storm Z
the homie storms in rappers I've heard a
lot of his songs I never knew like much
about him it's not war this red track I
bought these red tracks because I like
it I've never bought it because I knew
songs he had it and I got it because he
had it so everyone's been telling me
like oh your old man yeah I'm like why
is everyone coming home Anais and oz
he's like because you're trying to be
like a bro man you trying to be like
storms and I'm like no I bought and I
didn't know like I didn't know that so
I'm like you know what anyone everyone
might as well call me strong see I'm
just gonna like play it off and just be
cool about it and feel like it's a rap
crap like strong be like you know I'm
saying I ready how do you do it
we don't do it in 1a - I want to we go
may try say he's better than me tell my
man shut up
sure mention my name your tweet a rule
boy shut up shut up
how can you be better than me shut up
shut up I'm the best in the sea shut up
shut up on the fly and we are going back
to New York City nods head back oh okay
come and set it back
her name is mohammed salameh say
yesterday my mom went crazy because when
they met in when they met in Saudia she
liked joe sauce passwords and hamid like
why why you name is have not we tried to
belittle me like vanilla ice cube it was
an amazing time here in Scandinavia
Germany all the people and the crazy
memories we had I should want to say
thank you guys so much for your all your
memories it's been a pleasure and we're
gonna meet up probably and voiceover so
for most new please yeah because he
stayed braaap braap in it broke my heart
bro save you time peace out they gonna
see you in a few oh yeah you like your
signal so nothing even if you don't back
feel different maybe maybe cuz our baby
survived maybe couple weeks in New York
may love you
moving on the side of the world was a
few guys didn't know them left his whole
luggage back in Denmark Copenhagen we're
supposed to leave to the exit from here
but no we got to go back to Copenhagen
we're staying there for about ten hours
then after that we're heading back to
their city hopefully funds luggage we're
gonna be on the mission to find his love
you some food
honestly
when the same shit potassium is only the
same thing for the past two-three days
and I feel bad but it's all good we're
gonna find it no one how a positivity
hope they'll find it I stay positive you
stay positive and Waqas always makes fun
of me because I always like if you're
happy I'm going she when I see them down
I'm like no don't be done cuz I'm happy
mucho yeah all you missing German
Spanish means more day I would shop
Sheba disha which I'm sayin hello
we've just got to Copenhagen and we went
to this place to know live ourselves
back and it took us to the Information
Center if a major Senate told us to go
to the police station so what's at a
police station and the police station
told us to go to the lost and found
or she's located about 30 40 minutes
away from the airport so now we'll go 30
40 minutes away from the airport to see
if subs bag is there I don't know who's
gonna be there but I'm gonna end the
vlog here because I'm so so tired and it
was 24 hours that is up for this vibe
and Tamar's flag you guys will see what
goes on and what happens I'm not gonna
wrap the fly here makes you guys give it
a thumbs up and go Turkey I'm gonna try
to upload the vlog edit it while I'm at
the airport since we have a nine-hour
wait so it does be up and I got so lucky
and I want you to see what it thumbs up
if it did be up so thank you guys so
much I hope you guys have an amazing day
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and I bitch
hello
I'm here for you always a five-time
shoot at those tears let me write them
away okay this what you say
