hey guys what's up do me Hank I hope
you're all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so far my
having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing day
my voice keeps getting worse and worse
because I keep screaming louder and
louder and I do not learn my lesson
we're here at Denmark Copenhagen if I
take the elevator miss elevator I'll be
here every day in Europe so small I got
smalls elevators test elevator I crowded
with three people pleasure hey bro I
feel like I'm safe summers jump one two
no no no no in this mic this boom
this is Denmark I don't think this is
the main city but it's part of it so
we're gonna show you guys around Europe
we could even get to explore other
cities that we were at but today we go
explore Copenhagen cuz we had a couple
hours here so we all look around and see
what is up what school was crazy - thank
you what do you guys okay but I'm saying
that I'm running out of pages of my
possible I already ran out of pages I
got a new brand new passport for 52
pages
the other one was done finito there's
kids right there he got a daughter
everyone is always healthy here it ride
bikes I'm like most Americans always in
the little like swaggy border like
booster boy cuz I never mind they're
like America Burger King right there
then another Burger King right there I
spoke too soon I'll go ask
what's that now scare you
all right hi joy goodbye either are you
listen he listen
he's so cute how do you do it can you do
first
can you pet him first
got big teeth I can't risk it
I feel like Scandinavia has a whole
different world so different from
America oh you know any place that they
sell coffee Starbucks no coffee no
subacute jeg elsker big jag - I love you
Alice cutta cutta cutta that lady was
there she didn't know that the Starbucks
is right there how this trip looks so
nice
I'm loving Denmark opening ever I like
so dope I'm so sick that's what these
guys want to go eat Lebanese food for
like lunch yes I want some breakfast
you know what after shopping my kids
sick same here Oh butters you know
smooth feet here so vnz good cuz you
know that ever everyone buys trainers
you know what to seal a small fee a
small brazier
how would you ready what did you readies
when I wear these you ready
would you worm Tiana's I would wear them
yeah you would
I wouldn't mind you we're not Melissa
swear that size it's mostly got same
shoes to show them Melia Shetty no way
nobody old is the good fruit of our
movie did you get cheap trendy I know
you when you look buy one pair of
trainers I come back three I'm sad mummy
tracksuit I'm gonna buy this I know I
should get white black arrest bar maybe
I should get red white and black which
is the Yemen flag gonna be where exam
will cost back at it would Pig New
Yorker what's up
oh-hoh gonna miss them because in
copenhagen you guys are amazing we got
here chillin about to leave to germany
oh my god so after all when our flight
we just landed here in düsseldorf
germany we're getting our luggage and
we're gonna head to the apartment let me
give you guys an apartment or I'm gonna
end the vlog and that's it we out check
so I know I told you guys I will post
most of the show so I spoke my team and
I decided I won't post all of it or most
of it I'll post some of it because I
want the people that came to be you know
they're the only ones who watch it
they'd only like you ones that ok I will
show you guys all most probably like
pretty much the basic points of what you
guys gonna see so hopefully you guys
will enjoy so you guys will see it yeah
hey guys what's up this is Adam Saleh I
want to say that I'm performing today in
Oslo Norway I'm so so excited can be a
crazy crazy comedy the song
inspirational talk a lot of stuff that
were going to do and then tomorrow we're
off to Gothenburg Sweden so it should be
a great time I'll see you guys there
Oh
you
please pull down in my boat oh yeah I
got you today's validated I don't do
today don't matter as wisely on my sorry
like you put madam like this I don't
like sticks just like maybe to look like
Rihanna be like Beyonce I like okay
little you don't know me my name is fish
only eight days later after already not
you all nice tonight
alright do you wanna do the driving 100
pushups which is the perfect time to do
it for doing little Bowl or if you want
to be sick and eat a raw egg which is
crazy hard oh you say Mike we just
finished the hospital how was it gonna
stick with my a lot it was great he got
a playlist with it he got hurt
oh my god Yoma got nervous what was
amazing amazing people love this so so
much so he tries to every single one of
you and whatever you all say how you
guys for money on the next thing is got
a life after this this is awesome next
one I know the ending pattern we
definitely got the dirt so I can tell in
my jokes man up here I'm sure some of
this is my joke so was not the great a
result little amenities have you seen or
anything else I will see guys up
how's business because boom you got a
badge again
we'll never have machine hammer got a
bull pass on your head boom I don't got
huh
you got a bull person stop DK shifts
over here right in the middle
no pressure anyway yeah it was that
another phone like I just makes that
noise alright guys so it's time to wrap
up this bike I hope you're just like
doesn't off we'll see you guys tomorrow
so seeing are you gonna tell you guys
I'm gonna tell you guys the address
right now for düsseldorf it is gonna be
in Starbucks in a mall corner and I
don't know Blatz 1442 that's giving
plate so I hope you guys come true makes
you guys gives buyer thumbs up and go
Turkey
thank you Tom mater that do me to give a
thumbs up a go turkey you as always show
so much love so much support this is
just half of the Scandinavia tour for
this month I think about two more months
and when I have four or five more cities
and Hawaii more seeds are gonna be
surprised
leave a comment below what city do you
guys want us to go to whichever one gets
the most it will be more likely to go to
so if you live in your city leave a
comment below and we mark left more
likely for us to go
so other than that make sure you a
thumbs up be no turkey bullshit by
tomorrow go again
I haven't dusted off but to is crazy you
cutting for us tonight see you guys
tomorrow yeah take care peace I like
always a feather promise you that
bullshit then he wipe them away I know
okay that's what you say
you
