I've never eaten anything as sour as
this this is extreme sound like when I
say extreme sour hey guys what's up
forgive me
I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so
what I having enemies there you guys
should be having an amazing day that was
the most sloppiest the most watching the
most righteous 20 so I am leaving to
Europe I'm leaving to do the for city
tour Oslo Gothenburg um
Stockholm and Denmark Copenhagen I'm
gonna miss you guys so much I miss you
guys I'm sorry I know always leave but
I'm sorry
yes want you guys to be energized for
the video okay I wouldn't run Amman too
much do you want to be on tour with me I
promise you man what's your older once
you hit the double digits once you hit I
promise once you're 42
you'll be on tour with me why wait until
cuz when you're 42 that's like the lucky
number 42 years old that's all right
what happen oh that's old how do you
know your nigga 71 months you take 701
month that's not a bad you have about 35
years to go here crying kids crying kids
everywhere you're not going in this
video
you're not going this video come on go
so with that come on come on
I promise you go on tour come sit down
you'll go to our next time we'll have a
New York show you're gonna throw - hey
good give up crying kids crying kids
everywhere I'm sorry this is an Arab
household I'm trying to do the channel
but we can't do this channel because you
have to try
you guys keep disrupting me you guys
keep distracting me I'm trying to see oh
my gosh I'm sorry guys but this is what
happens behind the vlogging scenes of
the challenge video so I am gonna put
whatever parts so you guys can see what
really goes on see what I can do with
these little kids as I was saying we're
gonna be doing the extreme sour warhead
challenge we have a lot more my think
it's probably enough inside here like
it's not like ten inside a soda pop you
know yeah ready open up yeah go one oh
my god guys these are like the sourest
of them all it's extreme sour it's not
just our look you can see the sourness
in this all right right you can see the
sourness in it right there ready set go
okay you have yours don't I spit up yeah
you I split up she spit up man
 him I can't this thing is too sour
oh my god I'm never overreacting no he
spit it out he spit out - whoa doesn't
do again she wants to do it again but
she's all I kept of like two seconds and
I'm up I want you to go first all right
then I'm gonna go after okay I want to
see you guys
I want to see who wins at AU - okay I've
never eaten anything as sours this this
is extreme SATA like when I say extreme
sour I'll have five marshmallow ready I
love it already set go
Sudhir oh she's gonna love it free was
gonna eat it all right I don't know
let's see if you're gonna okay let's see
how much you can fit us two that's two
that's three together
oh no not yo that's more oh you do that
mean Reva will do one y-yes for it is
mouth let's go ready set go
no yours you gotta talk on your own
tongue you can't you can't let us see in
the side got it yeah mm-hmm I can't row
it's like a shortcut right now Matt you
crazy
oh I'm gonna give you more he's gonna
five give me the this even healthy this
is bad for you
oh well so late let's call this is 6
this is 6 this is 6 6 warheads I'm
drooling
all right that's it 7 do it let's go
let's try to give this up let's have an
ear put your tongue on it what you
talking all right wal Jamaa got7 meaning
am I gonna try again one in one eyelid
I'm doing this nigga's our dim I hate
tuna let's see if you can do eight it is
an easy a these things are so sourdough
how are you doing better look at look at
it yeah yeah ah yeah ah this dude got
eight warheads and go so all the juice
in it all the juice this is not yeah
this is nine one more descent one more
isn't one Morrison oh oh oh my god is
disgustingly oh my god Gemini's broken
the record give it up whatever um me
dream uh still one right yeah we still
what my dad is so sweet helping us clean
up after your oh man you have a looking
I try one of these or you can try it
oh hey can you try it below wait there
you go
I don't tell you fall on the garbage on
our dinner chatter give me she held it
up faces all right guys so this is the
end of this challenge hope you guys
enjoyed this challenge thumbs up for the
homie Jamaat for completing it you are
the real and via 10 warheads anyone that
can beat 10 warheads extreme sours in
the mouth for a while you're the real
MVP Jamaat has the record right now he's
the Guinness World Record up now see you
guys tomorrow
do me a if you guys want to get tickets
for the shows beat down over here to get
tickets 10 mark I believe two or three
shows where they sold out for sin sold
out still come through and wait outside
Sweden I do not know if Sweden come
through all you guys gonna be crazy an
amazing amazing time I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care and peace the heck was that I
love you
always a family times you that
let me wipe them away and I'll be okay
this would choose a sleigh
