hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I
am having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing day so if any of you
do not know I will be doing the first
four cities of my Scandinavian tour
these are my first four performances in
2016 and I'm so so excited it is gonna
be Oslo March 10th it is gonna be
Gothenburg March 11th is gonna be
Stockholm March 12th and Denmark
Copenhagen March 13th
I know all your questions what do you do
on these tours oh you probably just
talks and vlogs on tour I screw it he
just works on stage like anyone can do
that like come on I can do that
no but seriously all jokes aside I
wanted to give you guys a little brief
of what I do on my tours what I do like
what do I perform so my show is always
starts off with a nice little
introduction video
or a nice little if there isn't a TV or
projector and introduction by someone
else to introduce me stuff like that but
usually I like doing introduction video
something cool something to like hype up
the crowd and for me to go on then after
that I usually perform all the songs
that I have I have about four or five
songs
I just turn up and perform the song
sometimes they even let you guys perform
the songs
let's start with a little bit of
stand-up comedy like I say some stories
you know storytime with Adam I say
stories that are probably never heard on
video or anything like that so I say
stories to you guys I just do a little
bit of stand-up because I feel like
anyone can just get up and like do some
stand-up or nothing like that so after
stand-up after the 7 that I do and them
doing skits I do a lot of skits a lot of
like parodies of stuff I dressed up as
my mom I dressed up as my dad I act out
a lot of inspirational skits a lot of
Middle Eastern comedy skits I feel like
skits are really fun and like a lot of
you guys can relate to and it's it's
more fun and more enjoyable so I tend to
enjoy the skits and you guys mostly tend
to enjoy the skits but then after the
skits I do an inspirational talk with
you guys I try to inspire you guys I try
to keep you guys positive I try to keep
you guys motivated I also have a little
you know an Islamic talk that I have I
like bringing an Islamic talk and an
inspirational talk for everybody who's
not Muslim who is Muslim anything like
that I like to connect with you guys and
talk with you guys when I'm doing these
inspirational talks or songs stand-up
skits and then inspirational talk and
then after that I tend to do like
challenges with you guys like challenges
or dares and I don't want to say much
about it because I don't want to give
away a lot of it because I want you guys
to come and see it but I have to give
you guys a little something because I've
seen a lot of guys well that's weed
wants what he do on tour but I finally
said it who ever came to shows you guys
will know what I do we do random crazy
fun stuff everyone is welcome at all
ages grandpas and grandmas kids little
kids everyone is welcome and so these
four cities are gonna be the first four
cities that will be performing at
hopefully I get to go to your city soon
and now you know what I do on shows and
if you guys want to experience that live
come through and don't be live for these
four cities it will also have some slat
up action if you guys do not know what
some side of action my homie Slim will
be that he is a special guest over there
I'm gonna bring him up on stage and I'm
gonna turn up and do some cool cool
stuff and I cannot wait so if you guys
want to get your tickets for Oslo
Gothenburg Stockholm and Copenhagen make
sure you get your tickets down below to
any cities that are sold out you guys
can still come and like come to the
location our problems I'll try to go
outside and sail it up to you guys I
think Denmark Copenhagen
and Oslo or probably sold out and even
if they're sold out don't just come
through probably an hour to after show
and I try to come out and say hi to you
guys because I do love meeting all of
you and I do love saying hi to you I do
love connecting with you guys I'll see
you guys then take care and if you come
in to any one of my shows I love you
guys and I'll see you guys after I don't
know tomorrow for through a video or
maybe through real life through real
life thumbs up or face I like
