hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
in a business so we just got home to New
York City from Washington DC so today I
told my nephew Yousef that my gonna be
vlogging all day because we're traveling
from New York watching from watching
this eatin year so I told mother and I'm
not invited today online mode and stuff
like that we're gonna pretend says I
want to film nothing you know I'm
letting these haters get to me that I
want to quit YouTube and we're gonna see
how he goes right now he's in a bathroom
I think he's taking a shower or
something like that I'm gonna wait in
the room when it comes on the time I'm
quitting YouTube I'm gonna see how it
goes
thumbs up
you don't know I'm tight sorry but feel
asleep in hero's pose it is I'm Matt
Baume
hey Robin but I can't take him over oh I
can't I susie-cake whoa Wow so many
people I even Bob done with this I'm
done with the ship I'm done I'm done
why am i doing you too big I do it every
single day and like I'm not feeling to
say like I'm talking 22 years old I'm
getting old I feel like I'm all the way
I got married oh he's 18 and I'm here
just doing YouTube because I don't know
I mean I don't love it but things are
done you know so many people do know how
many people hit on me every single day
all right people here are me every
single day look people hate on people
that did they don't even know me they
haven't met me they're hating on me
every single day I'm done with this I'm
done I make my last video I'm done
that's it nothing no no no she doesn't
I'm done I said regarding about this
thing with this thing about what I'm
done dealing with the people I didn't
you think about the Prophet Mohammed
okay that back in the time like man long
ago like I don't know like it was like
1,400 years ago like when he was spread
Islam like people in other countries I
just heard about him like they would
want to like just like kill him out of
hatred okay and out of knowing that he
is right people are seeing you they say
you're so you're successful this thing
like you're right like oh I can't no no
I'm done I'm not successful I want to
get married I want to have kids and I'm
does it but I want to get married have
kids and just live my life without being
in public I'm done bro but don't say
that you done haan-soo because because I
can't teleport look out people look at
you and they're envious of you they're
jealous okay so I'm done with that I'm
not more people that do that shit bro
I'm done I'm done you're just you know
that I am only know I don't bro done
I'll care also hold you know I met every
single the oven for the past like two
years bar women looking at and they're
like it's normal so I'll tell you this
I've done Ponyland be looking at it that
just like be a glance when you're on it
can't be no glance I show again you mad
serious yeah
that's right beginning bad oh you
kidding right look what is here look
look look alright okay how dare you
expect me to think it's not a fake
account both sighs how do you expect
them okay it's not a fake on the it
doesn't I don't think Oh someone wrote
it someone said that about me all right
low like I'm done
I'm sorry further you're the first one
to know cuz I'm thinking about it
everything about it says he for a while
now it wasn't - no I'm done like I want
to cut you - I don't know how to like do
any video you can't say that can't say
what you mean I can see it's all I've
done wow this is what you do here this
is you yeah you have an amazing
personality that's why I can try you do
a daily buzz man okay can't just say
okay I like I like doing it for the
people I love select our thing is I've
been thinking like like what about like
what am I gonna do am I gonna do this
forever I need to get marry right and
you have kids right right you do all
that okay but like I said I don't know
you had a single time yeah if you're
saying you're done I'm quitting you put
your land down the whole viewer did not
land on the whole I do me again you know
we do is for this for the end to me game
so I have to like you're putting about
it you're not gonna get married to who I
won't have a life - I'm gonna nothing I
don't have a lesson like man what you
saying your life is better than no no it
may seem like it's good but trusted and
Trust nameste ever do you know how much
I feel lonely all night do you know how
like how many times I'm sleeping in bed
and like I'm always thinking like oh I
have a wife here okay sit down we can
cuddle we can chill but I have nobody
Wow all right hug my laptop oh my god
shut up pretty scene all right but I'm
saying like I don't know like I'm just I
feel like I need to get married like
brought all the Yemeni people out they
always get married at 17 a to get marry
man I want to get married yes ma'am dun
duun film and every day people hate on
me for no reason just stupid stuff
imagine neatly getting married and like
you live your life you see life you know
I want to see like I want to see life
but you see in life or you live
oh don't say dumb stuff was getting more
Maddie's you now you're backing me up on
this you die even help me on a shame
helping you know you're not you're not
helping out nothing fucking grabbing
this shit bow I don't know even see you
saying you say dumb stuff I say I'm not
helping you up no no I'm not you're not
backing me on this I unpacking up ok but
look I'm trying look imagine imagine you
imagine you your healthy eating yeah my
imagine for 22 boy my name is 22 you're
getting hate every single day ever since
you were like 19 years old you see here
every single day and you've three years
you've been doing daily videos 3 years 3
years 3 years look three is worth three
years I'm sorry for being love with jobs
your honor because I've seen so much so
sorry um three years and you've seen
your brother the older brother getting
married you see in your little brother
your little brother might get married
before you
your little brother might be getting
married before you right now imagine I'm
a loner at night I'm alone I and I
always think I like that always I'm like
a lock I have my wife here make a cuddle
Netflix and chill like some like that
like like Who am I with Netflix chill on
myself
nobody myself is it gonna be like a
favorite 1:32 on Netflix and children on
citizen I want to have a kids too we're
gonna bring this back to profit again
you know what what ages probably got
married ah right you gotta at age 25 you
have three years to get married I'm 20
mm a long time but three years if you
like get married we need a dirty bro
who cares owning a man I feel like I
feel like the story time two meters now
yeah Mary I don't know that's it I can't
take the gate you can't say everybody to
show but you can break something bro
style Clank okay I won't give me my shut
up shut up are you doing bringing my
baby asleep with you did you do it you
keep getting angry too much stuff I'm
almost
I'm almost 40 years old that's like half
your life than you know but you're not
on my side all right I'm about over
decades of you 40 that's half my life
and then what as well I don't know if I
even live to age that I wanna have a
wife I want to choke Netflix and chill
and I want to like relax know what I'm
saying you know what I'm you know you
know
Maryana I love someone I'm loving my lot
so I'm loving this I'm loving this all
right yeah I love this yeah see this for
sure do you really think I'll get
Netflix and show this dog
I only Netflix that chiloe myself you
really look I'm done with it I don't
thank you brother you can't you can't
just say can't just save
got that five people in your wallet so I
you know what you know what
shut up there but you look you want me
to go inside right mmm done I don't know
to see I'm out to make video and I'm
done I'm done with this I'm done with
this shit no you know what I'm not
really a people throw rocks at me well
sometimes I have shows when I'm sure so
it but yeah they'll be like the fans
show love but people actually go out to
hate on me
people come to shows to hate on I'm done
no I'm done when people to do something
that as it was that some other
commentary just actually get to you but
but maybe you're right
all right I was on any side I'm gonna do
any side okay okay yes I want you to
know my family nobody's family time I
want you I want you up so so you wanna
do this to be honest I think I think I'm
ready for it like I've been thinking
about it for a while and I'm I'm pretty
much ready I would just quit you to I'm
gone and I guess that makes my cell you
can't just quit it letting me just put
it can just create a broom so shuttle I
like like but I like you don't wanted to
YouTube I don't want to deceive I'm
putting it right now you're not gonna
quit it like this way you can just just
don't
there's no upload of you stop legs Mike
yeah like just just like just just give
me just give me your account when I give
me a channel yeah give me a to my
channel to you yeah I'll take over you
know and my deal get married episode oh
wait oh do we give my using to you yeah
you want to quit right now I didn't just
quit it like that is not like look trust
me I'll take over up I'll show up I'm
short like a doobie gang you have an
amazing day
I'm not in me today I didn't want you
team go through that left look all right
you know I'll do it 12 22 and I'll give
it to someone cuz because and I gave me
I said about going to be a cycle now I
quit was guys we got to go in for that
do me
I don't know the only thing though that
the one thing is let's say I want to
quit oh I'm not saying I don't want you
to like take over because it's all cuz I
like you like we're family right I thing
is it's getting kind of awkward if it's
my whole channel like all this covers
for me and then you take over all this
crap ECU whatever like oh no this is
gonna be weird a me I don't you feel it
fun tonight isn't be weird that's not
about that I don't want you to feel
offended like I know I'm not offended
I'm thinking like I sort of quit I
thought it quit completely that's it I'm
done no all right how about this gonna
sleep I'm gonna show you something okay
give me a camera and I'll show you wanna
shoot tomorrow mother come on no give me
a come out I'll show you a hug take over
where's the camera I don't think he's
here other things I'm go tomorrow that's
it okay don't know I don't know I want
to show you because you're not believing
me what are you showing me what are you
doing I'm not show you I'm having made
in there I'm coming into two others
where's camera I'll do it tomorrow
where's your camera god I don't see it
I'll do tomorrow what it's just as usual
over there by shoes it's not here
no I'm a little more watching you look
for it on the front so you say it
dumbest thing just go see God let's go
to some electrons go from A to Z look I
I dance here good
look right there who you think you but
you think you guys do with her I got oh
my god yeah
good try the good try but you see oh
what do you see how did you know huh so
the end up beginning not in the middle
like when you when you think of the like
it oh yeah I thought I had you oh my god
you covered this shit and everything I
think is a wrap for today
Oh rabbit is there anybody seen it no
anything I'm sober you know I'm done so
I think I'm done doing like crap and
this really does this screw is bad luck
bro good good I can try Adam yeah you
know what give it give it a thumbs up
Adam is going to get it give it a thumbs
up thumbs up Matt I did I forgot you
know you didn't get a guy that's the guy
missing her yeah I don't care
his thumbs up for this glue shit oh I do
now grow out of the begin either
bringing I know it how are you you not
like that
no no it in the beginning did you
everything I'm screwing I thought like
up always get into you like the hey
anything no I never trust me in a few
guys watching this and you guys ever
like thinking like you know it was a
joke you know it's always truth behind a
joke
trust me never ever will ever let any
hate any negativity gets me oh never let
any negativity get to me because I have
so many people that show a lot of
positive stuff my family Allah you guys
do me again guys show so much positive
you so much stuff that I will never ever
think about any negativity that comes to
me so I always you know stay happy stay
strong stay positive never think about
quitting YouTube because YouTube city is
like my life it's a part of my life you
shouldn't he should he knows that so
he's every single day I want to make you
guys but he knows what I go through
every single day to try and like give a
good video to you guys if you guys smell
so thumbs up I'm so dumb because he got
me and I don't know at what point he got
me but I'm gonna stay below thumbs up
and go Harry keep him that's a real
thing him has is haraam bro that's total
jerk the reason why I said go turkey
because turkeys Helen I'm gonna be
cooking here you got beat and roped in
I'm saying I'm tucked so we're gonna
talk yet subscribe and if you guys want
you guys can check out use of thumb
blows or swims Twitter and stuff is down
below you'll see there and I'm not a
young people I got you I'm usually I'm
pretty when I saw him Frank Waldo ladies
guys tomorrow take care and puppies I
like
you
