ready stop trying to start the vlog hey
guys what's up you do me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you should be having an
amazed am here right now at the homie
Muhsin as you can see he's wearing a hat
because my mom she messed up his
hairline and I need to take him to the
barber shop whenever I take him to the
barber shop it's so crowded so I can't
so probably when I'm back from DC I'll
give them a shape up as of now today
I'll show you guys I'll show you guys it
here that my mom messed up we see here
come look look I look she tried to give
like a fresh shave up but look at this
what the heck is that look at this look
at this mom what are you doing what are
you doing
can't we do this like the look is back
oh my god poor kid doesn't know he's so
innocent he don't know nothing
he doesn't know listen do you not know
that your hair is messed up
do you not know see I do me yeah give it
to me getting kiss get him a kiss hotter
so soup I love you I love you I love you
I love you I thought you said I love you
too you know what you doing go get
dressed
go put on some pants yeah go put on some
pants
let's go what's in your mouth what is
that yeah yeah alright good gear Kokiri
candy Thank You candy I was a crybaby
umm was Rima okay I can't
ain't good yeah she's good look for you
Rima what's up rimas madam you Reina
she's really really mad at me cuz I
didn't take her out I took out Mawson
instead but I give you candy a surprise
dude a lot of candy me v know what you
can leave me hanging
I'm sorry Reba I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry but
tonight I'm eating all your candy
I'm sorry Rima how you make us I'm like
a leaf so you can make me because you
make us Oh
what are you doing don't hit me with
Twizzlers God what are you doing go get
here line but what what's wrong with you
I'll take them Twitter's away from you
and I'll crack you with them man it's
wrong with you huh
but yo oh my god lead ahead in the back
oh my doing what you got to see that so
I just got to Bay Ridge Brooklyn
meanwhile cos I'm gonna meet up with him
then we gonna go visit Slim's dad so his
family I just want to say that a lot
have some sums grandpa which is some
stats that seriously breaks my heart
seeing slim sad and see knowing that I
know some of that and he broke down
something like that and seen the picture
I mean I didn't know his grant his
grandpa I saw pictures him and he lived
a long happy life and happened to love
everybody you guys can just make time
for him and I'm waiting for past ran
away my home was like what is it what's
up cut I don't want a mouse I'm gonna go
with chili yeah but sir I just gotta go
Justin what is that
that's v8 me bro Mark III give us a
Jesus no doubt man he's had a career and
it's our wrong with any lies that's the
one who's ever trying to practice
practice makes perfect
we're telling each other our stories
because it's serious so sad like knowing
some I know what some summers going to
and I know what's like that this
discourse awfully rapid stuffing I'm so
close to a gun you you I haven't this
how about this you say your story and I
say - I say I'll get what I say yeah
yeah I think you obviously require
anything I never sleep and I'll tell
your master this is my story this is a
my grandma from outside she was I was
really close to I was only closer
because that's the only one I've seen
all my other grandparents who were like
passed away and never seen it so my mom
was on the phone to her sister which is
my heart and she was speaking on the
phone while her mom which is my grandma
is in is in like in bed and the doctors
and they weren't yet my right so mom was
like aw what's wrong she okay I've been
okay they should I go no she's she's on
there like she's on the edge of passing
away it officer or he's doctor screaming
and then my heart screaming and then she
passed away and then I was sleeping in
bed and then all here's my mom all I
heard is my mom crying so loud so I woke
up renta mom what happened and she just
hung up the phone she did he won like
here's the doctor schemer that's like
that we just got to slim squid I mean
Sam's affair is about to eat so some
sums the house is literally just like my
god all the family all the mentality
like all their hospitality ugliness oh
nice oh hi what's up I guys doing big
words
okay
they got a spoon huge shout out to seize
family thank you guys so so much shadow
times up thank you
was how good what's up well I don't was
the time we got some sunset yeah homie
Sam this is how you meanies wash the
hands they put the hands of water we
just got done we just got done guys
haven't repeat what he said about my
fabric sighs the one that smells like
onions over yeah what scoffs there's a
swell fella fella this is how this hour
blows eat it no I'm here with musiah is
so cute let's get a slim like you've
been something like a year or two hey
miss your Justine of note but as soon as
that moment like listen you guys claim
everybody oh yeah
aw c'mon we see one of you does he like
he doesn't like send one this big dude
Vic you mean everybody sub you said you
gotta know we've carrying swords yeah I
got the whole squad yes it was good yeah
what's up what we know about how this is
long again come to vote you're part of
the financial blows up come to me Shambo
we chillin Irish I saw thumbs up
I just call it society
when Arabs have gathered so having so
loud voices politics and enjoy oh I see
what I'm talking about I'm talking you
look great
yeah go yeah that's why you do it be
like this I like that see this one's
good at blowing yeah this is just like
you know a here's like great now why is
it great do you guys ever talk to him
Thomas done yeah what does he say no you
listen my loser who's your favorite that
it never talks to us on today's here
back to know me and this guy's we gonna
buy couple videos yeah but one spicy
forget about Gucci Bowl oh shoot I got
this kind of 20,000 thumbs up symbol
shame bones right bolt straight up go to
the hospital
you're very mean come into joy rimas
that quote she doesn't know it to Daniel
I have to dance she's joking okay and
then oh god I got I got a solution
I'm gonna tell me um are you gonna see
Larry what she was a Mindy hi
well then say I mom yeah Mandy you know
break me was hard what she sees issues
don't show me her heart she what are you
like your horse game I'm just watching
likes more than girls I mean my what's
up I was going on with our life boomer
shooter so sweet
check it out yo yo check it
walaikum Salaam Arlo what do you know
what that means
straight-up what I mean we always on it
what we always in the cut
yeah let's respect Thanks yeah y'all
stay with I got a stake as I pretty good
okay and today was Juma okay nigga you
need to be assume 100k i'ma live too
much for your gangster okay okay I'm so
much I'm automatic mom okay
Allah loves me like I love my path okay
okay maybe disrespect me of be your last
okay I like that none of your
nationality not the block me alone most
pure you rep lega pony five gears in the
work they got PLO if I fucking miss
always they always grip nigga yeah he's
over there nigga fully equip your bars I
mean if I got islands I got a whip hey
you wait ah the RTR hey I'm thinking you
are but I'm Beth I mean I'm Tel Aviv I'm
Ramallah everything you'll need so your
policy me I'm everything that government
don't want I love this man I love you
see man I appreciate it on out I
appreciate it
stay real Oh scoop real low don't say
that I can I robbed you save man be safe
run high Leia love you to bow be safe
right don't go around you don't wanna
get in trouble anything like that live
right there neck so you don't have a
pulpo hit we're waiting for some right
now
to see if we're gonna go to DC or not
we're supposed to leave this morning but
we had to wait out of respect to see if
he can make it or not so we're just
waiting on him
sup guys we will face off hey so what's
up hey what's good and she ever use them
I use that we're here we're chillin
relaxing before we go to TC oh my god
geez I got something your car yeah he
just got one he's gonna show us out so
don't worry okay everyone I will go see
my dentist do what I told you share
myself open youtube enemies man knows
big man I'm with him right here with
chillin
we're here ATM was I hate them all right
I don't have like that sending your
mother he keeps laughing them because he
said I don't got my license i'ma get it
yo this guy made me and he took 901a not
Isis what happened remember that my
dad's car the blue one he wants it all
right so then I got it what are you good
cause I got a person I gave it my dad so
he could get it cuz it'll be like we're
not about the gray one
I mean which one you gonna spike there
how we're gonna go to arena I was gonna
surprise you but I don't gonna lock man
and I you see you see it tomorrow's
block you says one no I was gonna
surprise my pass now we pass through a
mean Yousef we like that Delilah nice
everything we saw it but we're like now
what we're bugging out I was buggin I
could we seen um we see the license
plate was the same thing as his so I
didn't believe it was his car cuz I
didn't know he had another firm they
were secretive than it is his very large
spotted all right it looks dope when I
get lucky
mashallah crapola L yeah mine you know
I'm saying represent Yemen you're not
very open like that
that's sick yeah hey
I think we should go to DC with let's
take one I got I got a red one
no no just take it oh yeah oh you have a
cop yeah and yeah as did I say I say
he thinks he's leaving we're not leaving
Alex don't Michelle oh man it's like
yours it is it is the same witness know
by Lake you look elegant it's more
shinier let's don't ah now you my dad a
twins oh yeah I never said yeah yeah
shame on Bothell your tires are better
you got better than the same thing so
right now we are in the car we're
supposed to go to DC this morning but we
didn't go out of respect for stems grand
prize sums down its own family I want to
go visit them to go tell them to stop
and stuff like that so really leaving
now at night in the middle nights like
2:00 a.m. because we have to go to the
fight tomorrow which is in the device
literally like in about 24 hours can be
one of Saddam Ali's biggest biggest
fight so homey Saddam Mel if you guys do
not know him you guys have to know
Saddam Ali
he's a Yemeni boxer professional boxer
he is 22 Oh undefeated master lunch I
love victory tomorrow and I want you
guys you know to make your dad for him
because boxing is a serious the serious
sport and speaking with him so like that
he said his fight for Hamza Jami which
is a boy who passed away when we had his
first personal backing fight so this
one's for you Sheila and I'm gonna go
support this fight as if I'm supporting
Homs his first fight so Michele that all
goes well in wrapping up to black hair
cuz around four-hour drive the homie
users even driving so shout out to the
movie driver here you know say thank you
so much Jesus hey what's up okay right
here five stars but yeah um it's time to
rappers right if you enjoyed it make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey
thumbs up to me anything got so much for
a little support truly means the world
I'll see you guys tomorrow with some
fight time you guys will see some nice
action because I know Sonali he puts up
he put some work he puts in a lot of
live entertainment so low bottom like
last time watch his fight
he fought someone he knocked him out he
looked at me gave me this little wink he
was like I was a man it was a nice nice
crazy mad so shallow goes well and yeah
just players with you guys and Charlotte
prayers just keep it with you guys
before Sims grandpa and first Adama Lee
on that see you guys tomorrow
take care
peace I like I'm here for you always a
fan I'm strapped bullshit
let me write them away I never okay this
would choose to say
