hey guys what's up into me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so we're
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy
we're at The Addams Family house you
always got to be up man wake up wake up
wake up this is what my mom used to do
wake up wake up hey wake it do me
getting I'm about to start up today
about working out and read one box and
they're gonna help me out they're gonna
be in the bench press yes I said they're
in the bench press remarked she see me
hang it on that side no you stay in that
one because muffs in is gonna be on this
one and it has 10 pounds extra because
Mawson he's really like this is the
first time ever I'm doing this kids do
not try this at home this is done by a
professional
idiot so remember do not try that at
home okay no I'm not a profession Eliot
I'm yeah actually I am
guys try this out guys ready come on
Reba
come on Watson
Mawson Rima don't ever do that again
okay don't be like your uncle don't be a
professional idiot oh my god what thank
you
what the heck is this all right do me
gang right now I'm at Walmart what's up
man I'm a warm-up shopping man you know
what's crazy when I used to live in
Manhattan there was never a Walmart so
now that I live here there's a lot of
Walmart's and Walmart's is so dope and I
want to do something crazy here real
soon I want to do like a 24-hour
sleeping in warm water so if you guys
can get this video to 30,000 thumbs up
I'll literally take my pillow my blankie
and I'm sleeping in here
hi guys I'm bout to be ratchet Adam in
Walmart just for a bit so I'm let's do
this thumbs up do you know what your
what your what your is this 1820 2016
right wow that's crazy well nice to meet
you guys you guys doing good shoot yeah
we're right okay nice to meet you soon
let me do it yeah I'm good are you sure
you're fine huh are you sure you're fine
I can tell the future
sizzling yeah you better tell your
future house you gotta look at your arms
let me see yeah bro
you're gonna get married soon yeah so
it's 2018 2018 yeah I'm gonna trust you
on this one I like very ugly in it I
don't like it so leave this mirror and
take another one the good one hi guys
but to dive in that my teddy bear
section ready oh I'm an idiot
why mine any you know I hurt my leg good
do me a think I hurt my leg but leave a
thumbs up and leave a comment below
letting me know if you guys want any
main channel videos in Walmart man
Walmart's like a good place just be
ratchet be funny and maybe even social
experiments so let me know it do me gang
I am back home Bremen Boston they're
still fighting they're still mad at each
other and it gets me so so mad because
these you as a brother and sister man
you're not supposed to be fighting we
stop sit down sis look I'm serious
you're not allowed to hit your brother I
mean you said you're not allowed to hit
your brother yeah don't talk to me like
that i'm your uncle it's not funny
yep I'm tired of this man I'm tired of
this my whole family looking at me like
I'm some kind of low kid I'm your uncle
call me uncle Adam yeah yeah I'm glad
one thing I do not like is when family
fights me I don't like when family fight
you know you guys a family shouldn't be
fighting they're always so jealous of
each other like for no reason let's
start off by asking some questions to
Reema Reema why do you hate nothing so
much because can I do that
that's good he's your brother he should
help you with your homework that's good
easy brother dream on let him help you
he rips it you guys need to stop
fighting you must fight every single day
every day there's a freaking fight here
and I don't like it today it's the end
of it ok so this is what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna ask you guys a question and if
you both have the same answer you guys
are gonna move closer if you guys have
different answers you guys are gonna
move further I think I've done this
before in a vlog or something but I
found this in full house this is how you
get them to makeup and stuff you don't
say any guys ready okay do you like
pizza yeah do you like pizza okay one
step up
do you like cheeseburgers yes do you
like cheeseburgers yeah without ketchup
do you like hot dogs something to make
me get a lot what about you do you like
had those well I guess you guys are good
see missing clothes do you love me what
do you love me what no clothes now look
at each other give each other hug and
say you guys love each other
good job yeah they're back to being
brother and sister yeah name three
reasons why you love Mawson three
reasons he's cute so you love him
because he's cute and pretty
Tommy three reasons why you love Rema
guys guys we just stopped the fight yeah
I'm done with this man I'm out yo what's
going on guys I'm about to get payback
at Adam I'm sure as you guys saw earlier
that I'll be funny too waking up in my
sleep so guess what he is currently in
the shower right now
he always keep the door unlocked okay
someone needs to go in and grab
something or you know take a quick piss
I'm not trying to set up this camera and
I'm gonna prank him while he's taking a
shower I'm gonna keep putting shampoo in
his head and see her yes
dumi gang I just got done taking a
shower and my eyes are burning so so
much cuz the freaking dumb mode to keep
put a shampoo I did even though he's
fully shampoo all over my freaking head
bro like it's cleaner now man I was just
trying to help you out yeah I want to
show my hair stuff because I've been
having such a bad hair day cuz its slim
man slim I still need to get slim back
and now you're gonna make me want to get
you for doing get not wear even now
though that was because you blew it area
on my ear bro I was waking you up I'll
say wake up you don't blow it get you
back shit you should be glad awaiting
you up um you should be glad I'm
cleaning your hair
yeah but the keep of something you don't
me to say the words you want to start
something work and finish Adam yeah I'm
telling you that I'm not the one trust
him I'm telling I'm not the one well I'm
the one he burned my freakin eyes I was
wondering both do you feel it dripped on
you I said noticing after I'm like yo
someone's playing around now look back
and like it came in my eyes I can't get
all my I lose someone over there of
those either remark you I'm like you
came from Austin remar you know the Q
cuz I heard his freaking laughing didn't
want to show my hair bomb ah yeah do me
in because Slim's freaking bleached my
for it so I'm starting to get some back
you I got you man don't better nobody
but new me gang
I'm here to rapid vlog I'm yeah let me
know in the comments below seem glad you
got saying gray gray gray so I'm gonna
have to do a Twitter poll so today on
twitter my twitter is right here
make sure you guys go to it right here
and do it Twitter poll gray or white how
should I make my hair grey white well
color great okay I'm team gray team gray
I'm going great care okay few guys
enjoys black make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turk
dumi gank in a few days I'm heading to
San Francisco to bei that Bay Area
because Slim is gonna go see his bay so
I'm just going there to see so you know
I'm gonna be in the baby but you do be
gay I love you guys see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace I leave I
still work the late shift still so far
from greatness y'all still got half a
good girl still violate a fake Church
just got off from Lebanon my passport
got so full
