let's do the real what was the bad with
me
hey guys what's up in to me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing day right now going to an
appointment with my mom because I got a
translate I'm a translator you guys did
not know I've been a translator ever
since I was like seven eight years old
and when I translate from my mom is
always like really embarrassing because
sometimes my mom goes crazy on them and
then they want me to translate tell and
tell them what mom said and I'm like now
she's a very beautiful which they're
very you know very kind sweet but one
I don't know where this place is up I'm
gonna go to it I'll see you guys after
and I'll let you guys know how I went
okay wish me luck I'll see you up I am
back from the appointment I'm here right
now with Hamza and hidin i'ma let you
guys know how one is seriously what
crazy my mom mom is wild she doesn't
care like she don't care I think our
mothers they just don't care they they
yell out the doctors and then she
expects me to translate what she said
but I'm not like I never say like well
I'm really says but handle I'm done
after a whole hour and a half of waiting
in the in the doctors room I'm going for
a ride on hiding this bike this is
hiding his bike she actually got this
bike for free well she wanted this bike
for being one of the smartest students
in school and graduation Tyler for
getting this bike very good I mean I
don't go to school
Hamzah I don't know about you like - you
want one - yeah why you guys work oh
okay hums ah you need a haircut subo I
know it's gonna do shape um not people
you do got a McDonald sigh handler and
you got a one D sign hairline well you
look like Kylie like how you yeah follow
like are you okay you at least I got a
hairline eyeball thank you yes I do
hi guys remember to always put on your
helmets don't be like these kids even
when you're having bike and that's beep
ouch but we get hungry out I'm lick
mom who's hungry out here
I
I do not know what Hylas drinking an
iced caramel latte in this weather is
free when we go for the shows to
Scandinavian tour to Oslo Sweden and
Denmark Copenhagen art is gonna be extra
extra cold because in that side of the
world is going really cold so make sure
you guys stay warm
you're gonna thank me that you wear that
home you want fall and they gonna be
like hey okay we gonna be training Hamza
I'm gonna give him he needs a
transformation like a body
transformation so this is gonna be well
this is Rob hi as our here rock-hard ABS
ABS linkage absum sure whenever I'm
awake
I trust you to be working out somewhat
okay love it yeah yeah yeah whatever you
punchy take out some air the reason why
people go I can only view this it's kind
of like you got to take out some breath
whenever you're punching you can't hold
your breath when you're picking go let
me so then you get tired fast so that's
why when you hear like boxers going good
this is cuz they're letting up no I'm
saying you got one - I've got one - OH
uppercut so you have one to go to right
then by the time this hand is coming
back the uppercut should be coming up
hit me so I just met up with the homies
some punk ass see what up yo freeze it
out here but we're here when he went
back to this other man what I know it's
just literally but your hope is gonna be
kind of cold another year was gonna call
the beforehand we were like we're kind
of like you know writing down what we're
gonna do in during the year of toys can
be really really crazy really crazy so
I'm so excited for you guys
hey coming through home
so you guys definitely March was a March
11 12 13 14 the four cities so it's a
little Scandinavian tour see oh I don't
know if you guys have a guy takes to
make sure you get your tickets in the
links down below the first four links
for the four cities where the Gothenburg
Sweden Oslo and Copenhagen make sure I
get it all gonna be there not gonna be
there um literally we gonna turn up so
definitely I see you guys there
papi was give me yeah give me em what's
wrong with you oh how you gonna steal
him that's it you'll kick me let's do
the hit real what was it bad wisdom
never what smell good smell good I
didn't take a shower for a week don't
worry you go to a different country I am
leaving
give me five gap boys you missed you got
boy let me see tu governor's cat boy in
this heat let's see open it open the hip
up hey hey do me gag I have breaking
news my mom she just shaved
Mawson's whole head I mean it's not bald
but it's like it's like this size but
she shaved the whole thing is it was so
soft it was so nice and I'm so so mad
I'm so angry like at least vienna cut is
here like take him set a barbershop so
you can have a nice shape up anything
like that but his head right now is
completely messed up and he will not be
in vlogs forever now i'm just joking but
once I fix him up you guys will see my
new vlogs again you guys might seem in a
picture tomorrow if I fix up his shape
up I'm gonna fix up his hair and I'll
show them but I'm so so sad took him so
long to grow that hair mom you you're
crazy if you watching this he watches
mom you crazies I'm doing that stop
doing i'ma fight you I'm joking I'm
joking little message also another
breaking news guys I will be doing and
asked Adam Saleh sometime this week
I've done and asked Adam so I've done a
screamer ask a man asked so many people
but I've never done an ask Adam for so
so long so use the hashtag hashtag ask
Adam salad on Twitter or in the comments
below
just give me some questions and I'll be
answering them give me some interesting
cool funny I don't know it's just not
not the same old question just like
interesting questions and I'll be
answering them in upcoming with the
upcoming week so I'll see you guys at
the ask Adams you guys wouldn't be on
there Dana uh miss you because I miss
you - I'm very good he was sleeping yeah
she's starting to like me more she
always watches the vlogs and she loves
like she loves me in the vlogs but she
doesn't love me a person oh no no Remo
Jamel like me luck do you love me yes
see she started to love me now you know
this is my head
that's nothing bad hey there's nothing
there's it this bad thank you heaven my
good man you gonna call your man on me
he's gonna beat me up I'm done why she's
mascara is it that ugly oh my god fine
fine mm is that hideous yeah is that
ugly yeah it is yeah Deena you're a mess
take it off for you take it off Deena's
not that bad
damn I must be ugly
my name is Rima I love you so be scared
is nothing it's nothing it's nothing
this is what I mean by Deena always
watching the videos every day she
watched me everything I've never Dina's
invited I do me she watches too every
single day and she's chewing gum all
right guys I'm gonna be wrapping up this
blog here if you enjoyed it makes you
give it a thumbs up and go to it oh
there they go Toki don't Turkey yeah
thumbs up for Deena say that nothing I
forgot to tell you guys I'm gonna be
doing a main Channel video real soon
this one's kind of dangerous because I
don't want to say much of its kind of
dangers hopefully I pull it off I'll
keep you guys updated with it tomorrow
I'll see you guys tomorrow
said nobody said good nobody smoked cuz
you can die like that
remember the video and I said mom call
me the cigarettes so yeah see you guys
tomorrow do me again I'll keep you guys
updated take care who's the other Adam I
don't know she said she just woke up but
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow to me I
take care and peace she knows out of the
red I love you I like ya
see some don't sit ill yeah you stop
saying oh yes
she didn't say ill
I'm here for you always a father promise
you that
let me write them away I know okay
that's what you say
