or Karima give me another pose let's go
another hey guys what's up you do me
gang I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing day today do me
gang express the positive vibes spread
some smiles keep everyone happy and keep
everyone smiling even if they're sad
don't let it get to you don't let it
make you sad because if it makes you sad
then just like there's no point of like
enjoying your day or enjoying the life
so make sure you stay happy and stay
around people are positive and I'm gonna
shut up right now and I'm in New York
City and I am home once again and I just
woke up I landed for Miami this morning
I took a nap and I'm gonna take out the
kids
we'll see what today brings us let's do
this what's up Rima what's up Japan how
you guys doing yeah you guys want to go
outside yeah I got a surprise for you
guys we're gonna go see slim
so we just got here to 34th Street and
it is so crowded the trains are so so
proud we're still waiting for slim had a
medical slim in New York City for so
long so we've been traveling so much and
we're actually going to Washington DC in
about two days because we're going to go
to Saddam Ali's boxing fight to go
support my yummy brother I'm not gonna
fight you want to see me fight you guys
want to see me fight now we're gonna go
see Saddam Ali fight so should be a nice
boxing fight then after that it's gonna
be the tour Reema it's about to get her
makeup done be my luck here ready
she's crazy
you want to go next rimas getting really
what
know what
everybody getting extreme a goal yes
what do you think
all right he's gonna go next to this
yeah let's go come on ready for that huh
why
you don't mess what up can one of us
have a makeup just put on a hat it's
gonna be cold outside she wants to go to
another makeup room to do my makeup
again I don't know if she's just a
little part of that I feel like she's
like when he was an adult inside yeah
should never took me in here over that
winter because it's cold outside we
needed to wait for a bit are you good
say cheese say cheese
you look pretty even without makeup
poster happening were Karima give me
another pose let's go
another boat huh
no that's not
some guy
there was a versa so they came for Rhema
and they leave it me enjoy my laptop
then we will ease up so you know what
think I hope you only dream with it
top litter you can keep reading with us
huh she's so sweet
working at this so sweet I just met them
here Macy they're so nice yeah
you married us and she wife was what he
got he got away from his butcher right
now I think oh okay sorry sir he doesn't
want it you don't want to cheat up it
okay chill chill man chill
oh I'm having so fun having an amazing
day I should
we're way too / slim I wanted to see
some choice and system also so we're
gonna see him and low say what's up hi
prema Bryan jacket put on new jacket
come on I'm not gonna take so much you
Rema and Janelle Oh such folks how are
you I think I thank you so much I had no
cash only had my card and then she did
me a favor thank you so much next time
we do have a fight
is that why you wanna set the ISO since
we're waiting for slim and fatima she
said she loved my song tears I'm a rap
you the song tears all right all right
give me just got you not even that crash
I can tell by her yeah she was talking
too fast the bass say gonna happen I'm
not to imagine and help her through sad
all right
we gonna be I mean I can't replace this
with maybe I'll try week I've all read a
for the rest of my life want you to be
baby forgot the words myself to append I
know a cheese that I might she doesn't
even know her Fatima you get an a-plus
your hairbrush and she's a writer I do
me I talk to you I tested you and your
she's a rather than I do she's certified
a rotting item it will be a totally good
she's awesome thank you so much a lot of
meeting routed I do because like like I
feel like we know each other ready for
like years and years so we get in the
car bro
were you gonna hit myself always my
homie flip my brother woman you say what
is the print over you so long
you make him even for a fathom away bro
I'm sorry I do it give a dream is a high
gala given big hug you man where's Rima
I listed it Rima go cop so she's hiding
what the hell is good Oh
I miss so much she runs it Steven
no no drinking in the car no drinking a
drive I would joke a new drink you can
drink Fatima take care be safe right I
love you
I feel super next time I'm gonna show in
New York okay I'll see you there and the
worst parking award goes to let me touch
the curb
that means you automatically filled same
you too close to the thingy I keep going
keep going keep going
ah that's it you touch the curb huh we
were like you're on the curb yes you did
so absolutely yeah I'm sweaty huh it's
we are in trying to cheese eating pizza
just finished plane from that gonna pay
some more after this they call me
that's Adam
Rami I'm glad so we got a chocolate
birthday cake
since this Remos birthday every day is a
birthday every day it is how do you
today goodbye the bridge is coming our
way
when's your birthday it's alright Wow
when's your birthday huh so I see oh my
god head hey how are you it's the
biggest baby right here answer me
yes yeah
let's do nothing why would you snitch
you said that we were right what why do
my buzzer we're in the supermarket right
now my mom always said to be like voice
messages about to get she's like Papa
like hit hasad instead of writing what's
again I have to read the voice know that
she sends me a whatsapp and I get it
come on ago we mama give you warms give
you worms all right do me gang I just
woke up from a nap in the middle night
I'm gonna be wrapping up the vlog here
if you enjoyed it make sure you give it
a thumbs up and go turkey for The Addams
Family
I totally forgot about vlogging my since
I would like him tomorrow you guys will
see him in tomorrow's vlog so I'll be
vlogging a lot without a family I'll see
you guys tomorrow dummy gang take care
peace I like
I'm here for you always a favor promise
you got those teeth let me wipe them
away I'm gonna be okay this would choose
to say
