hey guys Josefa do me gang i hope you're
having an amazing date because I'm
having an amazing day so over five
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazingly so today's topic
then I'm gonna be talking about is love
like I want right here
hey guys what stop it do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing day so right now across a
slim they're really mad at me because
we're going out to get breakfast and I
think I'm dressing up all cool to go get
breakfast I'm just gonna get breakfast I
would have slippers like I don't have
someone Logan who had breakfast I don't
know where we go so I did some shopping
yesterday and home today I'm into the
shop know how much she's been in the
travel house I spent like 20 bucks I put
it on as I split Adam got five clothes
this is the boat okay you guys will
never guess how much take on so much
okay okay okay I'm Oliver say it's four
digits okay that's up whenever I go
shopping I get a new shirt some always
touches it and you like posies like you
know how much you guys like more you
know he pulls out my crotch it's got an
ocean like if you get if you have a
newborn baby you wouldn't want someone
what hydrographic so what if you have a
new one baby you wouldn't want someone
to like you know grab your baby be like
hey come over here right you're not
messaging because you mess it up the
shirt I get Wow so don't like it love
you something on about you don't break
it
don't wrinkle daddy's would that means
what you know I mean we're not gonna say
I'm saying don't wrinkle my shirt bro
that's it
look on my show uppercut you left
sorry
hey sorry sorry now donation yeah no
donation wow man I'll take my singing
back we're still looking for breakfast
sting looks so cool I want to go inside
this thing oh hi hi heart hear me out
hey listen no I don't know what this is
supposed to be but it's kind like a
mirror American how does it emerge I
don't know I don't know who we're gonna
get some food and I'm gonna show them
something it's a little little I'm gonna
see how smart you guys alright it's a
riddle oh go test I want to test them -
smarter let's see how go the only thing
is that using here is clean line let's
see
I'd record your show
I'll show you guys the riddle this five
line one
there's six lines
I want you guys to add five lines to
make a nice add five lines to make nine
that is the riddle jillion high-fives
rise to make you time add five lines to
make nine to make a night cap Pizza make
some critical chips Jesus
Sammy right there
I don't know I feel a little bit I got
it that's not it wrong that's a little
number nine let's go do that one two
three four one two three four five
right over here say hi hi is it Chloe hi
hi I love you I love you too what's that
what's that share the link through
periscope oh hi guys went back to the
harmony because slim was a really
depressing mood so I got I got to go on
periscope and you guys do me gaining all
you guys seriously face them in a much
better mood because I needed your help
to not just me because sometimes I feel
like the annoying guy trying to make him
feel happy so I love I love seeing other
people's tomorrow I love seeing other
people happy I hate it when I see people
matter sad especially their close
friends or family stuff like that I'm
always I feel like I'm the one that like
I always try to my best to make other
people smile but whenever I'm feeling
down no one comes to me I'm not I just
feel like that like no like with where
does everyone now I'm sad what is there
much of the place is closed but as a
beautiful sunset it's a beautiful sunset
beautiful island is it going shouldn't
jump in at once
see see what he said this is a little
bit of camera that's how you know so
excited
saying something better when he's just
speaking Spanish so if you guys are no
tzimmes on a transformation line a diet
too much transformation and I really
think he's gonna lost it when you do the
opposite like I mean I hope you have
before after like you lose weight and
you get cut up this is gonna be the
opposite cuz he's been eating a lot look
brownies not brought her she brownies
everything you know he had this whole
thing with a glass of milk anything to
share the milk with me bro sure he's
gonna be after the anything
yeah and then he loves you like your
guys I'm honest two months they're
motivated I more than any shuts off the
camera he said no more sir yes yes I do
what was it Nick I'm gonna take away
hahaha
they don't say that you like or know
this I work out bro yeah come on man
this guy on what this isn't work out you
know if you wanted too much
transformation you gotta go to the gym
or something right bro we had no June -
you think I'm talking to you like yeah
we got you ascetics you know it works
out like that's not calisthenics is it
what's up into me again so summers
outside right now cupcake in with this
girl down the phone I've been on the
phone for like 20 30 minutes I came up
with this cool idea I'm gonna pretend
access awesome I was gonna have enough
vlog footage so I'm just gonna do a
little rant so I do have like fetish Bob
I'm a pretend I'm doing a rant while I'm
doing this rant and I pretend there's
like this little ghost that moved like
an item or an object behind me stuff
like that so I'm gonna make one cos move
something while I'm doing the rent and
while I'm editing the right i'ma making
Komachi I'm like yo oh my god oh my God
look what happened do you see it do you
see it and we're gonna see his reaction
and we'll see how it goes let's do this
ghost I'm blowing the cops don't be
scared of ghosts only be scared of God
no I'm saying don't be scary pose
because if scared of ghosts but come to
you hey guys Josefa do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing date because
I'm having an amazing day sober v having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazingly so today's topic then I'm
gonna be talking about is love like I
want a lot of guys to always show love
and to be like lowborn okay he's outside
right now I'm not talking on the phone
I'm gonna stay here everything until he
comes in
huh huh huh
it's gonna close any better
are you better sure cuz I can love you
more than this yeah
hey uh don't stop do being a hopeful and
reasoning because I'm having an amazing
today's topic well that's my face I'm
work here huh how's my face I'm working
the laptop is connected to home
what's weird I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day
you all should have an amazing it so
today's topic that I mean we talked
about this a lot of guys would take yo
get such a move bro what I was filming
also doing a written log yeah some
toughies woman in back I messed up you
know look the only numbers alone to do
what the only not messing with me what
if anything my mission Jim what's up a
new beginning I hope you go I have
enemies looking to us I'm having an
amazing day so but I'm having a great
day
you all should have done a little bit as
a today's topic that I'm talking about
is love like on a lot of guys it's
always shown no way
oh man you guys always show love to use
this what are you sitting most everyone
switched up what goes out I said I'm not
even talking to say you saw the camera
boat yeah you saw any camera will look
out for cops
yo I'm not going home I'm on the red and
you were working out oh yeah come look
Kokila jacket look closely at the jacket
that's just she look because it's
today's not a perfect about is love ya
know what is any last always you know
that's crazy bro who realize they were
you on you're doing something no I'm
sorry I don't have to look those guys
out yeah I want you guys together we get
outta here there's some crazy so I swear
blow back a bit no that's crazy
the moon or do you fight so please your
back both no no really I do push
yourself but we got to be out of rocks I
thought I see ya guys didn't put your
trade book with you oh you're gonna
sorry I'm pulls up that's it
chapeau set up shop over there are
something crazy but I'm post I don't
care just like that
now I'm posted with the rep I'm gonna
write on it I'm I talking about it
something on my film and talk about it
or you think way don't give it
good America man songs right yeah thank
you so much better
that's so crazy I'm trying too closely
what is it this there's nothing like a
wall Oh today's so that's crazy wait
with this music come on buddy oh my god
bro okay I'm pleadin that leaf rose
leaves all right look you see that boom
son slim very good freaked out bro you
feel better yeah I think you only know
shit shit I'm getting I was joking but
mashallah Nicene you like okay I was
duction it's got a little crazy stuff
you know junkies one way too much bombs
hey you better scram continue peril that
made me feel so much don't put that come
on I'm gonna put it on one system I gosh
I can end the vlog here I'm gonna make
him into a stronger stronger person he's
gonna be strong individual promise he's
gonna be strong strong individuals so
yeah sure yeah that problem and I'll
make it you'll be selling your own home
taking on more ok you can't lie to him
you see I understand uh we dick I see
how it goes anyways if you guys did
enjoy this black make sure you give it a
thumbs up and goes on Turkey thumbs up
you guys excited for in tomorrow so give
me a crazy activity it's like you go on
water and fly up all the way up high the
water goes you off so hopefully wake up
on time hopefully we get to do it so on
that so you guys tomorrow
take care of me hang a picture I like
I'm here for you always a family promise
you that bullshit
let me write them away I know okay
that's what you say
