hey guys what's up you doing me gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so
what I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing day surprise
surprise surprise
no one knows about this not even slim
that even would cost not even anyone I'm
heading to Miami right now surprise slim
and by the time this blog is up everyone
should know but no one knows as of now
and I'm heading to Miami my flight is
super late I've been telling them the
whole time that I'm not going to Miami
he's been getting so mad oh man well you
suck you're not coming you serious but
to be honest
New York is super cold right now and I'd
rather go to Miami and have a chill out
just got through security about to go in
the plane and I woke up so so everything
so I'm gonna knock out closely and I'll
see you guys in my
just landed in Miami and it is so warm
outside I'm loving this weather
seriously was so raining it was so cold
in New York City and I'm so happy to be
here crazy thing is have no one to pick
me up
I've no one to take me anywhere because
vacasa slim do not know anything but I
know everything the thing is I know
which buildings are at I do not know
which like which room number it sounds
like what room number they're like I
don't know so it's gonna be kind of hard
I probably have to ask the person now
stairs I don't know if he's gonna give
me like information because
to them so I know I feel like a stalker
oh yeah I know which building they're at
I'm gonna go to their building and do
some stalking moves find out what
the palm trees there the palm trees guys
and finally in the building of Westland
the Mikasa era
so this will happen I went to the other
room and a different person is there
because I think I think sting got scared
there was like some ghosts or something
in this so they changed the room they
literally changed the room so it took me
so long I've been out within 40 minutes
so I texted him I was like yo what room
you're at let me know cuz I'll call the
guys and like that so he told me the
room number so now I'm gonna walk to it
and I'm gonna go to what he said he just
got in the room about 20-30 minutes ago
for taking a haircut and I am so nervous
we're gonna going up
in this truth
i'ma teach you guys a lot of ways to be
closer to assignment like I'm seriously
like a lot of ways to pray tomorrow's
Joe Montana is it goes through wrong yo
so I go he goes I'm scared
he woke me up in the middle of the night
because I can't sleep every night sleep
bro voila
oh are you guys I swear like the other
room do some crazy I'm here I'm here to
take away the ghosts and I'm the daddy
he would be done this view so crazier
so we're gonna go out get something to
eat cuz I am starving and then we might
have a little basket of game later
either today or tomorrow I don't know
what whatever you know son I'm going to
explore I'm sure yeah so soon already
knows everyone so just cuz he's gonna be
brothers
supposedly there's ghosts in this like
thingy custom as they say that so he can
your stuff he literally he is nice swear
to God I heard his voice say yo yo
yellow I never like I never like sauces
l'm so serious i want to sound crazy
don't sound crazy but I swear I've heard
it so many times it up I can see palm
trees them cheese so slim oh gosh took
me to a Mexican food I took me to learn
is that we're getting home got some
nacho cheese has some fruit punch we got
water get some tacos or cake should be
I'm still trying to decide I'm thinking
about case of you I got me some
quesadillas what you got I got some
shrimp shrimp something it looks nicer
bro look at closer
sizzling some guy there's some still
you're gonna be slow no more but I'll
tell you in a we can have a Mac or you
think you're thick you get you gain
weight I'm serious we are in Lincoln
Road this is like the main street of
Miami it's like an outdoor like mall
mixed with like all like literally
everything everyone's water so it shows
looks so beautiful
that's it we're done exploring we're
gonna go to the basketball court right
now cuz he's got what cuz he keeps
talking crap like this the one I wanna
give the only reason why we lost the
East was West two-on-two cuz it's them
this one is the one on one this is a one
on one game that I'm gonna be that one
cos right he's stretching right now good
you sure hey mister before where do you
go crack crack you borrow something's
gonna be right free maybe cause I have
one on one game 16 let's do this
you take it this a beat you basketball
might was it the Ox um they looked was
that I think it was an awesome shot of
the ball
Maxim for the Aqsa doctor accident
so we supposed to the guy downstairs in
the lobby first I supposed to minute in
an American accent how's that can you
give us a basketball he's like no I
can't give you guys give me some card
and I told him I seems to be pretty good
so he does a really good British accent
then he spoke to him and he gave it to
us I swear to God
I just do it cause I beat so I'm good I
think you were sick know my number does
it play so you can practice is over hey
maybe you could play after I've been oh
my god okay with the second 30 games if
you do me the first game was gamble of
the night so then he got to game eleven
that was game 60 that is a game that I
got to get 21 because your time today by
the time I make an excuse no excuses I
was too young knees I'm from Pakistan
well simply oh my gosh so it's time to
wrap up this vlog I hope you all enjoy
this flag we did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey thing got so
much for love support and whoever
haven't gotten your tickets yet for the
Scandinavian tone for our slope
Stockholm Gothenburg and Copenhagen
make sure you got your tickets so now
the link is down below and let me know
if you guys since there's like ghosts
around this like apartment area give it
a thumbs up if you want me to go around
that night in the middle night and look
around if there's ghosts or not I don't
know thumbs up if you think I'll be
interesting to do because slim really
thinks there's ghosts and he caught so
many ghosts here so I guess I mean I
guess I have to leave her because if
some look for it he's like a little kid
looking for so I gotta really look for
it so now see you guys tomorrow do me
Hank take care peace I like
always a fat man I'm sure that those
tears let me write them away this would
choose a say
you
