whoa someone said I don't like I don't
like Rima
she is not cool and when she does
dancing with Adam
she doesn't even know how to dance hey
guys what's up and doomy gang I hope
you're all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so I found
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing I'm not having an
amazing day okay well we're gonna
continue on so this video is supposed to
be a promotion video on the Scandinavian
tour that I'm gonna be doing soon
Stockholm Gothenburg Oslo Norway and
Denmark Copenhagen was supposed to be a
whole video on that but I decided you
know that's just I didn't want to make
it just like a promotion video I wanted
to do low challenge and then I'll
promote the tour of like that so I
decided to do reading mean tweets in
front of my family
Rima and Japan you guys know what that
is no no what is it
now look like a mean story let me tell
you what it is there's people online in
the computer behind the computer people
writing writing mean stuff about me I'm
gonna read that to you guys and I'm
gonna let you guys know what it is so
let's start off with me tweets with my
family okay so the first mean tweet is
wait this one's about Djem and it says I
really really hate Japan he is so
annoying please don't ever put him in
your videos ever again
what the heck
Wow pop why would you say that about why
would you say about gemellus rest like
really really mean like he always reads
comments and it gets to him gonna be
good at them what do you wanna tell them
now just pick the movie yes what all
right guys so Joe Matt isn't going to be
in this video because he is really
really sad but come it's just a joke I
was joking
yeah I'm sorry Samantha me tweets is
about me because there's a lot of people
on Twitter for me to me but okay read
this okay okay this one is about Frank
music Adam Solomon actually actually
actually makes me sick you're laughing
that's funny
I do not even okay so this person said
Adam Saleh actually makes me sick I
don't even know where this dislike comes
from but he's just so I love it your
profile pic you actually actually pretty
cute in your profile picture but reading
that tweet like doesn't seem like you
have a good personality so that just
ruins like your whole your whole
cuteness so I'm sorry it's personality
overlook so I don't yeah I just yeah
rimas gonna read the second meet sweetie
keep breathing go I love you did I
really say that everybody's mean tweets
is not nice to eat claim eat it I never
watch it I never watched Adam Solar
video you never watched an Adam saw
video yes continue on okay so this
person basically said he never watched a
video of mine but he doesn't like me
it's because I'm weird I don't know I'm
just confused how he thinks I'm weird if
you never watched a video of my like
that's I don't know I don't get it as
soon as you don't get these retweets
sometimes like it's just so weird yeah
how can you watch it with your blogs if
he doesn't know you you so dumb that's
the same thing I said I don't know what
let me give you guys a little talk kids
sometimes in life all the way up to the
skies in the moon and the stars and the
Sun and Pluto in Jupiter people are just
so so mean so when they're mean you
gotta just ignore - oh well
whoa someone said I don't like I don't
like Reema
she is not cool and when she does
Dancing with Adam
she doesn't even know how to dance Oh
whack whack whack whack
okay so I think this is the most
funniest tweet ever because of this
person's at all right so this person
said read it right Adam Saleh is so
annoying
okay that's the tweet and I'm annoying
but you're at name is so and how you
gonna put that how you gonna put hell
out and that word - girl you seriously
need help girl okay I'm gonna read this
one
someone said since when did I follow
Adam Saleh I follow so many people I
don't like what is this she followed the
people that she does not like and why
did you why did you follow them uh
Jeanette you are the man I don't know I
don't know I seriously I don't know it's
just so confusing I don't know I don't
think it's gonna put in his Twitter's
cool I like Twitter but just some people
on Twitter who would just yeah just time
I got Instagram Robyn
remember that isn't a mega so many
follower like up to 4,000 something and
then what happened to it oh wait I think
I got hats or deleted it did we really
did it I don't know I
so club has so many no doubts to smell
for it so before I end this video I want
to tell you guys that I'm going to be
doing a tour a Scandinavian Adams
ratchet tour the four cities that's
coming up is Oslo Norway Sweden
Stockholm Gothenburg Denmark Copenhagen
tickets are now live I've added more
tickets and more meeting every ticket so
if you guys go to the link down below
make sure you guys go get it it's the
first time I'm promoting it on the vlog
channel I wanted all the Ryder diet
dummies to get it first who like because
I promoted on Twitter Instagram I want
to do guys together first and now I'm
promoting on the fly channel so make
sure you guys go get your tickets and I
have a little surprise for Sweden
Stockholm Sweden and Gothenburg so
anybody from Stockholm and Gothenburg
make sure you guys get your ticket it's
going to be a crazy crazy ratchet show
super rad you guys going to witness
ratchet lives also I will be choosing
some people to come backstage so I guess
our tickets right now I'll be choosing
five people each show to get backstage
passes already chose I believe to on
Instagram so make sure how to get your
tickets and don't miss out I'm gonna end
this video here so make sure you give it
a thumbs up and go
Turkey I will be doing a similar video
to this but with sweet tweets with like
so nice cheesy how about this i'll do a
cheesy tweet video so you guys tweet me
over here tweet me any cheesy tweets and
it could be about Japan or Rima and I'll
make it a video coming soon so give it a
thumbs up to all my right at that do me
thank you guys so much always taking the
time on giving a thumbs up
I truly appreciate it I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care yeah some of these
before sticking the head okay that's
okay I love you take it me don't be mean
back be nice okay and then damn mean to
me
get back I'm here for you always a favor
promise you that full teeth let me write
them away I know you feel okay this
whatcha say
