zom Rhema back at it again with the
glow-in-the-dark shoes they'll ring or
they Arriba de arriba back at it again
with the growing exact shoes right
hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day lost time so if
I'm having an amazing it you all should
be having an amazing day Jamel isn't
having an amazing day can you tell the
world why aren't you having an amazing
day I do want to take you out but mom
said we can't go ice-skating because so
what do you want to go dougies no we
always go check your cheese you know I'm
feeling tired let's just go to sleep
yeah let's just go to sleep yeah why
don't you listen to me
you don't even call me I'm oh you even
call me nothing like you don't even say
nothing to me oh now you love me on ok
go me to take you right now you love me
huh
ok ok I'll take you ok we're gonna go
out we're gonna go ok ok ok ok all right
guys so we're gonna head out today imma
take out Reema and you're mad we're
gonna have a little chill out
matter of fact I'm never gonna take them
out just go to sleep I'm gonna follow
Joe
imma take them up peace guys he go who
broke the door huh hi there break
oh he's fixing the door my brother's dog
I'm broken I wasn't either Sam I swear
wasn't me last time it was me I got like
a hammer you shouldn't give him a door
let me have it do it huh oh we have to
do it no no don't give him a door
because every time I come in he likes me
anyways still waiting here let's get the
door fixed
perfect see it's getting break in a week
then we're gonna fix it don't fix it ok
do doors bug
just got out the uber three men let's go
we're heading to I don't know to be
honest I don't know for me to go ice
skating I don't know if we're gonna go
hang out again this was so much traffic
literally like 40 minutes of traffic we
could have had a 10-minute walk or five
minute drive cause of a traffic but then
the drive ended up being about 30 40
minutes and it's kind of rainy today but
we're still going to be out chilling
we're here in Rockefeller Center and I
think the ice-skating rink is closed ice
skating is goes No oh my god is so cool
run you guys ready to go to the Lego
store you guys wanna go to the light
goes up play with Lego oh good that Lego
store is here let's go to like a circle
more the crazy thing is I never been to
the Lego store in my life in the one in
New York so we're gonna go to a today
corner oh well it's so much Lego here
literally all types of like this every
single color every single everything
what that guy's thumbs up if you want
Mihrimah Jenelle to do the Lego
challenge or we put like so much Lego on
the floor or just do like crazy stuff
and just like literally yeah Lego shell
I made this cool mega why would you make
huh Jimmy
just like that
giman always has to leave with something
so big increase let's go
Rima she's gonna put hook up together
I'm gonna play with them too
it's your Madison's gonna play with it
but we're also gonna do a lego challenge
with it I don't know I'm thinking about
it we've got to see how it is
mother oh the ice skating the ice candy
people are skidding let's go ice skating
my skating
yes yes guys screw this we're gonna go
ice skating with all the ones I gonna go
ice skating in the rain so I won't care
ooh yeah first time I skate
No
did even how to walk in it normally
where did it go girls ready all the
weight comes in like this
wait oh I'm so excited student to go in
for the first time in the ice-skating
rink so let's see how it goes
are you excited two guys kidding yes
this is her before face are you excited
they go for the first time huh okay
let's go on all right we're gonna see
their first step I'm going tonight yeah
come on let's go this could be so fun
you come on go on let's go all up
why are you relying on me you guys
wanted to go ice skating right my mom's
scared them she said to go ice skating
you're gonna fall down and someone's
gonna slice your hand now he never wants
to go ever again
it's up here if you going
where you guys from hi I didn't see it
all nice guys
neither give up your hip you guys how to
go ahead let's go ice skating set okay
let's go to read one story movie you
gonna this is why Arabs can't go ice
skating with see my gun see you got it
thank you so much yeah see oh so time we
do love ice skating laughter you love to
come
what come on man I'm sorry I'm so sorry
thank you remar you good wow you made
new friends you let you forget about me
I let going on I got on there go Jamie
let's go go go go faster come on
go faster come on
split okay though is organizing Holcomb
as in hope you messin stop stop stop no
fighting here
no fighting guys this is the best thing
ever because they were bothering you so
much this morning
it feels so good to laugh at them and
just say hey they can't do nothing what
are you gonna do so have any pleasure
what's up with you oh you're gonna beat
me up at home
give me handle are you guys serious you
guys see what look i'ma teach you guys
but I guess one leg goes up other leg
like this now that that lets the low and
you guys good good job bring me guts no
no you got this lik he did it he did it
try it just try it Toby skip
Thank You Remo excited to go ice-skating
what you're doing good
look like you're skating some dragon
legs I'm do the stanky leg what are you
doing do the stanky leg who this other
come my god Jim at the air fine little
bit creamy do you have fun yes good job
we have fun Maria autumn yeah yeah 100
I'm taking back that I Skinner in let's
go gonna go again
I thought you said you had fun let's go
get it come on no he don't you're crying
in there like me hey you me crying in
there are you
you were like II you think are you a
fake crying yes I watch you be real
crying a fake one
oh my in stump open up is go home get
some hot chocolate
hey it's raining so much now I don't
know whatever activity I do like with
The Addams Family I always like want to
go for dessert like I'm a dessert kind
of guy like like a food go to out of
date like I'll take you out to like a
dessert spot like a chill-out divisible
what dessert you guys want chocolate
cupcakes ice cream yogurt which one not
crazy it's too cold for that maybe
chocolate like chocolate cake or
something so mad at this place is closed
they have some really good chocolate
it's like chocolate from Switzerland
it's the real chocolate so we got my mom
a gift
yeah and I got myself a gift right there
some Cologne okay because no one buys me
gifts oh I'm gonna get myself a gift
which is in Cologne
for Mom gossip Wow look beautiful I like
it my mom we're late
for you thank you so much what dream are
you gonna give me a gift I'll give you a
gift of Lego she's like is the key I can
help you with that all right do me gang
it's time to wrap up this vlog I hope
you all enjoy this vibe if you did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey to all my rally dad UMI's whoever
made it to the end of this vlog make
sure you give it a thumbs up and let me
know if you guys made it to this vlog
because I truly truly appreciate it
thank you guys so much for them support
I have a couple there's give me a video
announcement I don't know if it's today
or tomorrow about the whole tour I'm
gonna have I'm gonna be having so just
the cities that there that is upcoming
right now and I want you guys to stay
updated with it cuz I've never even
announced it in like the vlogs like
never all announced it was on Twitter
Instagram and and Facebook I believe and
some of the shows are even like sold out
already in have enough Sun vlog so I
will let you guys know one state keep
you guys updated on that and I will not
be going to Miami to see slim because my
mom wants me to stay here stay home so I
decided I'll just stay here and just
chill out you know stay home and just
relax because I've been traveling so
much and I'm just wait so he comes back
to NYC and I'll see him then so other
than that I'll see you guys tomorrow do
meeting take care or peace
I like hey for you
always in favor times you that full
teeth let me write them away
I don't feel came this what you say
