hey guys what's up your duma gang i hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so about having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing day today I'm gonna go out
literally earlier in the morning I'm
gonna go out get a haircut I'm gonna go
fix up my hair because I need to fix up
what's inside this and I need to go to
the barber shop get it fixed up so what
what are you gonna fix out the hairs
inside here bro nah bro you're gonna go
and there's gonna tell you get the hell
up man we had week when yeah yeah now so
see if they do that then it's gonna be
issued but they gotta fix up what's
what's in here I do have some hair look
and I'm gonna go brush my hair so what's
you guys wash what wait brush my hair
your thoughts yeah I'm gonna show my dad
my hair you ready yeah
you surely a little boy huh this is
running Gordon all right so I'm gonna
tell you I dyed it purple yeah I made it
purple yeah I'll get it to you huh gotta
see it and I made a blonde again you
ready sir oh my god
be like we like this act this mother
knows
but the Muhsin got smaller I'm gonna
show you my hair yeah you ready you
ready you ready see my hair look
do you like it I like a mess I need to
shape up right now
ASAP hey sup what are you doing were you
do I put it
oh dude this dude pudding yo chill out
homie you don't know what that is kid is
strong
hey Co with you son bro stop choking me
wrong
Lawson Mazda Mazda Mazda Mazda Mazda was
it was it was before you gotta get from
us we gotta like we got two lights one
here because he always goes in and goes
to the bathroom and another one right
there
bye oh good again and you still chest
Amiga ski
this kid is crazy I finally hear what
Hausa who thinks he's a boxer
yeah you watching yeah I miss I miss
training I'm a trainer for a couple for
a couple of weeks so can see how it goes
okay you gotta train hard right
I miss you bro I'm here with Haley how
you doing hey good we've been at home
home yeah missing you but do you miss me
- yes I'd be shy I decide when a guy
who's had a shot hey hi Liz shine hi Liz
shine hi let's shine hi Lisa
now we're here with Gemma the one and
only ever seen it was so long hey be
good yep no kidding what's wrong on why
are you kicking me I need you so saucer
I'm missing a man yeah Oh hugs me okay
I missed you so much
tell us about your new relationship that
you have hello okay this is stronger but
something okay but John I just came onna
you suck oh Allah okay this I'm not
gonna say okay listen do you have a wife
enough you're like boys or girls
oh so you want to get me the one do you
want to get married oh no you won't give
me two vemma awkward silence Saved by
the Bell
daya know that look want to want to want
to come on faster faster
thank you hangs up want to hands up
hands up one two three four one two
three four one two three four don't do
it keep your balance up ladies Babak
ABAQUS cure love oh yeah he'll become
powerful going out with that come back
what's up with dooming yang so I just
got home from the barbershop and I got a
haircut I'm not gonna be vlogging that
much today because I'm going over to my
family's house so many families houses
and giving them so many gifts that I got
from Saudi Arabia so I hope you guys
understand but since it is a family day
I decided to screw it I'm gonna show you
guys I'm gonna show you guys my head and
i'ma show you guys the scars I have on
my head like I've had so many scar had
about eight stables here a couple
stitches here stitches here stitches
there and that's the reason why I don't
really like cutting my hair like really
really short because you can see like a
lot of like yeah a lot of like scars but
know what screw it I'll just tell you
guys stories of what went on with these
yeah with with these scars so hopefully
you guys don't get afraid oh my gosh
oh my god all right
ah no alright this is me this is me with
this a short hair I'm sorry I look
horrible man oh my god
alright so the first one I'm sure you
guys is the biggest biggest one right
over right here you see it ah I still
feel it too Lizzy I still feel a pain in
this one till this day for this one I
had eight staples eight staples so this
will happen me and my older brother
we were playing cops and robbers cops
and robbers so he was the cop I was a
robber I was younger about ten Lemmy's
old I was the thief I was one stealing
money away he was a cop he had the gun
and stuff like that so he came he should
take it so seriously I said do it as a
joke you know like I was the criminal as
a joke so he ran up to me and then he
pistol with a gun hit me with a gun
really hard boom the first time he hit
me with it the gun broke in half so when
it broke in half it was this really
sharp like this really sharp thingy like
this big so then he hit me again with it
so hard and like pulled it like this so
that little that little sharp thing went
in and then it like sliced me like
literally sliced my head and then I
started bleeding I started bleeding so
much it was literally like a bloodbath
and I was trying to run out to my mom
it's are like I'm what's going on I'm
bleeding and then my older brothers like
holding me he's like don't go don't why
he's gonna get a trouble and I'm
screaming like crying the mom comes in
and she sees me she goes Croatia's he
was like yeah it was so so scared so she
ran up she started beating up my older
brother I jump in I started beating up
my older brother and I'm looking they're
like mom stop beating him up come help
me out fix this I'm dying I'm not even
joking my head was cut open so so big
that felt I felt like I could put my
finger in my head like that so I had to
get the ablest had to come I had to go
to the emergency room and they gave me
staples a my head and I was crying so so
hard and seeing the lady put staples I
mean I was literally a stapler going
like she's stapling my head I'm like
what it was it was it was a nice memory
of my life fun memory but was a bad bad
experience don't kids don't take cops
and robbers sir
another one over over here can you see
it this one I had about four stitches in
this one and this one I basically got
jumped during high school so one of the
seniors the water balloon at me for no
reason no reason at all like he threw a
water balloon at me for no reason like
why can it doesn't have you for no
reason so at those like those days I was
really really bad like it was bad at it
was ratchet bad I'm sorry you know what
this dude threw water balloon at me so
I'm gonna go ten times out of four no
reason so the next day I came back with
water balloons but it wasn't just water
balloons
it was pee balloons I peed inside the
the little water balloons and then I had
it and I was waiting til the guy comes
out and I threw it straight I'm so hard
it splashed all over his friends also so
all his friends came up to me they're
trying to fight me they're like let's
have one-on-one fight so I never having
I went on fight with one of the senior
kids and so I had a one-on-one fight
with him I was winning the fight and
then all the other kids and them jumping
in and beating me up picking me up send
me to the floor they took those little
um they took those orange cones you know
this orange cones that they use for
construction they put it they put it
over me
and they put me in the middle of street
kicked it and I was ready bleeding from
the back of my head and that's pretty
much how I had to go to the emergency
room and get stitches and yet emergency
room was literally like my second home
this one is the last one but it's not in
my head it's on my lip so yeah it's like
that six stitches six stitches on my lip
and it was from the street fight that I
had in high school I had a one own fight
and usually in my school was a really
dated school whenever you have went on
fights and anyone who wins like the
person was winning you end up getting
jumped because since you're winning
everyone every one of their friends they
come in and jump you but then my friends
come in and jump the one who's jumping
me so it turns out to be like a big
brawl I messed him up all over the car
who's all over the floor so while I'm
beating him up but he's messed up one of
his friends jumps in and he needs me
right on my lip like his knee literally
came right on my lip that my lip opened
up over here I was literally opened up
like my life was opened up and then I
was fighting literally like a lip like
that so I had to continue our fighting
than someone else jumped in to beat up
that kid who need me and someone else
jumped in to beat up that kid that beat
up it was literally like a train and I'm
so glad
I'm not into those like I'm not not like
that anymore on and that wasn't that
just that just wasn't me I just hang out
the wrong people and do stuff to impress
other people yeah I don't regret it me
because I learned from it
but I kind of like yeah yeah this is
pretty much my so I'm not showing I'm
not showing my hair again and I'll see
you guys tomorrow do me gang thank you
guys so much watching I love you guys so
much thank you for all your love and
support every single day for all the
love you guys always show you guys for
seriously everyone want you guys to be
everywhere I want you guys to go to
every single video and literally say yo
do me gang what's good anyone from my do
me gang is he a to me game you know what
I'm saying
the only game that's a safe game I'll
see you guys tomorrow do be right take
care
give it a thumbs up for these weird
Scott what am i doing I can't show you
guys my yeah thumbs over doing I I'll
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace like I'm here for you always a fan
promise you that bullshit let me wipe em
away this would choose to say
you
