she has no clue that I'm here that I'm
gonna go to her and surprise her hey
guys what's up a new me getting this is
Adam salmon and I'm here on a plane
first-class Quaid Airways I'm heading to
Kuwait 7,000 miles to surprise a fan for
her birthday a rotted die doom who lives
in quoits it's pretty crazy because I
was just in quite like four days ago I
cannot get away I'm not gonna lie I'm
really exhausted I'm so tired but I'm
also really really excited
this is my first time ever in Kuwait
Airways so let's see what they have
Wow they have a really big big TV they
have a cool door man look they got water
salsa water coca-cola ginger ale snacks
chargers magazines and remote yo this is
dope and I'm literally right next to the
pilot I have it again I could put my
stuff here in closet I can put my bag
here close it I can charge my laptop
right there down what how am i snack go
back up snacks were you all German hey
do me getting I just got comfy I'm so so
tired I think I'm probably gonna go to
sleep and I'll vlog when I wake up I'll
see you guys
wait airways i love to
they already got the starters ready
salad right there
chocolate cake I feel like a fat butt
eating so much I can't believe I'm
actually doing this I'm going to equate
that I'm gonna say that just ten hours
and I'm gonna come back that's pretty
spontaneous and crazy have come me
do be hanging out two hours to my flight
lands times
to the gang
right now
dumi gag this is so funny I don't know I
so funny cuz we're just equate literally
few days ago we're here with the homies
metal-metal that was good thank you I
know we all got somebody else to get
through but I suggest you leave the edge
behind in the restaurant young new wage
soldier can be a rescue I feel good this
is our view from our hotel egg this is
insane
Kuwait what's up what the heck we got
iPads here as I control everything this
is the bed right here that I'm not even
gonna sleep in because I leave in like 8
hours so do me yeah I'm gonna go shower
freshen up and I'm gonna go see new what
she has no clue that I'm here that I'm
gonna go to her and surprise her I
cannot wait do me get me see you guys
after I'm freshened up a new beginning
after hours of no no sleep but showering
and freshening up I'm so so excited to
surprise nude new and happy 8th birthday
I love you so much
cannot wait to meet you right now I got
some CDs and some shirts I don't know
how many people you're bringing it but I
know it equates you guys always bring
like a whole squad so these are the last
shirts that I have from these kinds so
these are for you guys I cannot wait to
see you I'm actually really really early
because Bissell you always make sure I'm
early my mom and mom ever yeah I think
ready ready to go to the zoo
hi guys I'm here with Hassan he is new
father I just wanna say thank you so
much for bringing me out here and it's a
pleasure to be here so how do you mean
I mean waiting for their agency Habibi
thank you so much for coming ladies I'm
so excited back wait Emma I'm gonna go
out at the entrance of way neck it's
looking amazing out there you did an
amazing amazing job new it should be
proud of your dad says man commercialize
it really really did that
so I'm I'll see you guys in the next
channel huge shout out to the company
you did an amazing amazing job
they're just trading happy birthday dude
thank you so much losers if the support
is insane
her father's it blue guys this is the
mostly pointless birthday party
right here she's got shocks them
guys the homie Johnson wires sound
engineering keep it up and saw my neck
and tears with the microphone bitch I'm
gonna appreciate and Kingitanga hi guys
the most famous quickie singer is inside
this room right now it sounds dope yo
dumi gig we are back in the hotel when
they give a huge shout out to nuit and
her whole family thank you guys so much
you guys were so so sweet and it felt so
good to surprise you seriously that was
like the best surprise birthday thing
ever like it was it was really though
she had no clue I came out of nowhere to
weigh neck was so so amazing a day that
I would never ever forget knew it
happy birthday I love you so much I'm
literally heading back to New York City
in like an hour to came here for a few
hours and I have to rush back for
sneaker con for my game sneaker con
makes you guys come through New York
City 1:00 p.m.
other than that do me getting I'm seeing
my confession in tomorrow's video I do
have some breaking news for you guys I
told the confession already to Mitchell
and Mike they're the first ones I have
it even slip still doesn't know and not
still doesn't know they're gonna get so
mad that I told them so uh I wanna I
want to film the reaction I want to see
what like I want you guys to see their
reaction on my confessional what's your
reaction by like I don't know without
saying the confession like what is it
I think it's deep man yeah yeah like
what people gonna be surprised
yo he's been coming to the Middle East
so many times yo yo you're simply AG now
bro bro you simply Arab now Mike that's
it simply iron man se name simply our
metal I didn't even know what to say man
like a lot of people are asking a lot of
questions I just wanna just give them
your reaction because this is something
I know they're gonna understand when
they when it's something mature you know
a few things is a it's really really
genuine baby it's really really deep
like it's it's very personal so when he
said okay I'm trying to lovely things
away yes personal yeah I'm trying to let
you but it's very like close to her okay
yeah very close to her okay it's like it
it's it's it's something it's crazy man
yeah I know
exactly it's hard what I was saying the
past month I've been trying I've been
like just wait just wait but it's so
hard for like I wouldn't elaborate who
I'm trying to say yeah the conversation
went crazy yeah it was how long was the
cover like guys look at this pool man
whoa they got a jacuzzi I wish I'll stay
in the quakes a little longer man I was
jumping yo look at this gym man I'm
telling you Mike man if you have a World
Tour something if you gotta bring our
box of those cuz I know might keep
trades and you boxing the stuff so we're
gonna have the big box unless we have
rules if you don't this is New York
Sports Club is this New York sports club
is in your express cover no no wow they
got a frico bro this was my dream they
got the car aesthetics for the account
extended they got the box right there
Mike ready set go
I don't know what this is oh I think
there's a different purpose for that
that's exactly what you're supposed to
do me gang I'm ending the vlog here
before I end the vlog make sure you guys
subscribe because I upload every single
day and if you guys want to know my
confession tomorrow will be up tomorrow
so subscribe also thumbs up and do me a
I'll truly appreciate it put your
notifications on I'll see you guys
tomorrow have the confession video and
I'm also going on
Emirates first class for the first time
ever so that video is probably gonna be
uploaded the day after a new beginning
I'll see you guys tomorrow thank you
guys so much for love and support take
care and peace hello you chillin in it
 swear to God he shoulda came when
life gives you Yemen baby makes them
Yemen aid they play soundly today I'll
treat playing like a nuva if that makes
me imagine
