he was fighting me uniform oh yeah you
see how scared well it's driving off one
890 they were gonna happen the gas hey
guys what's up a new beginning I hope
y'all are missing it because I had and
it makes it a so I'm having amazing it
you all should be happy and it makes me
we're heading toddler not that I'm back
to New York City it's gonna be a long
like Saudi Arabia another amazing it was
an amazing base time Chumlee come back
gets to look and I didn't have to sleep
wake up in
what's your names besides nice let's do
it
what's up guys right now in other areas
we met a homie my country homie Ali I
like this my keeo get out of it okay
he's gonna give us a tour
Ronde and I've been hearing a lot of
cool stuff better so let's see how today
I have my flight how long must like you
need to be not that around 15 28 minutes
let me give you like an experience for
you
the best experience in the airport to
let the passengers forget that he is in
the airport that's what we do is for the
teddy bear here is like is like an art
piece things to try to make the airport
more like a museum
how do you know which person is from
Papa like with you the first company
that I've ever met how do you know which
person is company spot a couple you Anna
you see everybody probably my leg go
ahead Kirk oh Sh
what is the call cool cat Koosh it's two
panels here I go
yeah go on this is Elektra so this is
how you can know Qatar is differentiate
between them and Saudis and a politic
obvious to do this I think yeah and we
do it like this do like that honestly
how much fun I was already here and her
so the q10 is listen Wow has done much
jumping
this is so sick
hi guys take a oh no no as I stood why
do we see an airport we never got a
gymnast whatever you look at a gym
what is that that's a handball nose what
is this squash
what is it squash squash what's squash
tennis ball yeah it's like tennis is
mono we call a hand balls you see here
no no no no use the thing I don't know
that's funny
Alyssa I don't know what squash so they
thought squashes food yeah if you
actually they actually give you all the
contents whatever anyway and didn't want
people to play with you if your own
mellow yellow layer your color somehow
suffer this is what everyone is on like
this is your class or whatever I'll show
you the first class and business class
you will be blown away
well this is this is not first class
what Zeus that's the point
like the Braga Texas this is still for
everyone
yes wow this is amazing
once
anymore so press Enter yeah come on come
on
I'm gonna press the button smaller
I'm cheerful and I think that Aaron
never see a sermon where the honor is
you know we're gonna go to the
first-class lounge this was even the
first class time so mean to go to it
no one anybody from don't have let me
know on the council who lives in the
arson like that let me know in the
comments below because if you haven't
gotten over here right right and we'll
come in look like so we have around
twelve launches at the airport you know
this one that we going for dispersed
across Qatar Airways it looks like that
miss impressive physical disabled or
something we have their own knowledge
have kids go
like female-only lounge so provider with
we're entering you right now let's see
it a lot of the passengers they actually
eat the transit area they do their
meetings all offices of business so you
see the water is coming yeah
oh boy - Hank mashallah dice I want to
touch it by always see what I said a
chip I never knew they have all this
this is up I was just like the teddy
bear dolls
I said I'm still amazed by the like
something live you want to watch take a
movie theater a house looking closely
now look this is whether there is a spot
only for first custom music wow the
other spot was not disclosed they have
literally like a rule for like fingers
massage therapist actually giving you
like some medical massage we have neon
like the balance where Sir Michael
McKean and massage we're equal to you
know what then
what is that thing like this I've never
seen anything like that it's like it's
the sex if you if you don't like it so
do some things like holding healing
massage because you're in this in this
could be like bidding so you come here
to do it's only for it toes I yeah yeah
does don't I don't go there man no no
you told nice don't go ahead this is you
want you to like to just jump there and
you start watching this makes you let's
have a jacuzzi is it good there's among
hungry macaroons it's like a buffet man
this is that I said okay this is not
Airport this is not a plane check he's
too
some magazines they have like so dope if
I bring cream on here oh my god
Remo will go crazy for this like it is
removal oh man
five minutes and you have five minutes
after oklahoma's and it's like they own
basically one xbox oh my god we have
separator from following a company h+
where you can't be in Formula One it
would how much did all this cost for the
whole like I thought Airways oh yeah I'm
gonna say that enough for the whole
Airport yeah it's all sixteen billion
good sixteen billion dollars motion like
so I'm gonna see the city shall not
together yeah see you having duty-free
also dealers fund you could tell you
what I thought he would tell me this is
the year 2050 earlier when I travel back
to New York I'm getting back in 2016 the
pathway to more Arab success notice how
I said Arab it's little toys by the come
to an end I promise I'll be back getting
its of like how much have a 14 hours
like 14 hours to go from New York to
dollars is 11 hours but from dawn to New
York is 14 hours time see my lottery
homies or anyone that lives up proper
yeah as ready to see mm like 16 gotta
eat some dough mother don't say too much
yeah we'll keep it a secret but
something is something amazing and he's
Maha please
it's a Khaleesi I know I knew your
company cuz you gotta cut as a cop Cutta
Cutta Cutta Cutta couche solanum Kevin
huh
so I want to kill her okay push so
negative when I come but just like this
i yeah yeah like so like so six we can't
wear it and yeah you walk around and do
how like it gets it I could give you the
moves also again
you gotta walking like in swags like
that ghetto expiring with what let me
see you watch yeah now the watching
Zeiss much I want to see if I should
like snow it's too sure no no I said on
sick this one's you see is that Rolex
right I'll sit a minute it's ap is what
AP AP meself its effects person how much
goes I want to know curious he says not
like them so I don't know how he went
with your choice how much you cuz I
don't know we got back again our toes
that's zero dancing and oh my god bro
how much that caught the watch cost it's
a hoopla right
I'm not know it's a peon Oh amateur
honey he's at a zero
what's up we do me gang I am back hope
in New York City feels good to be back
home in York City but I do miss Mecca
and Medina so so so much
half my family is going to come now and
then half of them are going to come in a
few and I'm so excited see them and I'm
so excited for you guys see the vlog so
let's see what they got in store for us
to see what goes on with them I missed
you guys
I say I've given me I'm awesome giver hi
Deena giver hi I'm Michele remaking fan
how you guys doing I'm gonna ask you
guys some questions all right so see ya
first of all how did you get so tall my
son hey hey
cuz you ate what oh ha ha why you little
oh my god stop saying that okay food say
food wait up we didn't leave you we just
want we did set the doorman all right
Marcin I missed you I missed you give a
loosey gap or Deena's gonna come on
something come little Adina why should a
Deena learned wow that's so cute what a
mother mustn't take over your spot
mustn't take over your spot friend we
must bring good where you going
he's gonna go get a rug mashallah Rima
and DNR Andrea you're not supposed to
talk to each other when your pain I'm
gonna keep the camera on them while
different I'm gonna see how it goes oh
well my son everyone else at it pretty
good
only four give me that oh good job why'd
you get a purse this is ID that much I
think she's got a purse
oh my god
Dina's crying cause her is say upstairs
others on top of Deena's Adela and it's
just yeah just gonna need house again
you can pray
Sam you that's what the talk to us alone
hey hey we mom and say F they got into a
little argument what happen you guys mad
each other
don't be mad why Viveca eyes you know
good uh-huh Oh
whatsapp my nephew Yusef here I gotta
tell you guys a funny funny starts it
was good was good it was I was it's due
to soul like you so slow man he was he
was on a bike you got a bike yesterday
he's riding the bike and stuff like that
and then he got hit by a car with and
his bike in the community felt about him
that is all fine his bike completely
like like completely like it's like a
little broken in half and the lady came
out oh my god are you okay then he got
if he was good he started snapchatting
it and everything like oh she's uh she
don't say oh my god relocation is anyway
when she came on like yo I just fixed my
pain were you serious yeah I was like
like whoa are you are you serious you
hit me you gonna say that that's crazy
so user came out he snapchatted and he's
okay since the lady saw him that he's
fine now the lady wants to sue him
because he injured her car a little bit
and then when the police came even the
police was saying like missed man like
it's your fault you almost killed the
kid and you want to swim because your
car's like no pond to swim so now she's
trying to take him to court and she's
trying to sue him so talk about Yousuf
we gonna overcome this cuz if she tries
to come at you she's coming at me I'm
just coming at me they coming at the
hole do me a and when they come out the
hole do me gang is game time not I'm
saying so whatever you tries to do you
let me know and it's gonna be sorted no
I'm saying I bring my mom on that she's
a lady
okay yeah yeah but that's over that's
the mom gonna be on her so hi guys so
it's time to wrap up this vlog I hope
you all enjoyed this flag did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey
for the Adams family give it a thumbs up
if yours love seeing the Adams family
because I'm flagging with them more
often the next couple days
and I will not be showing I don't think
to be shown by a head on my hair for
next like six seven months something
just looks like I must thumbs up if you
want me to stop show it to my dad
tomorrow as like a reaction because he
hasn't seen my head I've been covering
it though thumbs up for me to fill my
dad's reaction of him seeing my head and
Adams family because they haven't seen
any of they've been tell me they want to
see it but they see it on video but they
haven't seen it like in person
yeah and that I'll see you guys tomorrow
do me gang take care a piece I like I'm
here for you always a fan I'm sure that
 then he went away
okay this would choose to say
