hi
ah
ah
oh hey guys what's up for do me gang I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing day right now I am in
Modena this is my outfit by the day
outfit other day can you guys see it can
you see it see it yes it is
a salwar kameez and i'm so sorry i know
a lot of you guys are laughing at me for
wearing like it like this style but I
don't know I like it
it just feels better the other way just
gives me like kind of like a headache
today I'm going to go out and finally
show you guys around the messages that
never wait and there's a lot of amazing
amazing stuff in there and it'll inspire
you guys is literally like unbelievable
stuff amazing stuff in there so I can't
wait to show you guys so let's see how
this day goes so I just came out my room
and I am a Tommy
Abdullah so sorry and I said it see same
kid has a Muhammed gift that came out
I'm not dissing for you thank you this
is so sweet thank you so much for loving
you don't have to man you guys usually
don't have to give me gifts or nothing
like that
well no problem don't get me sorry oh
yeah and amidst ah thank you so I gotta
give you a hug I'm gonna look for
something to give you know I got a look
I wanted it for me right right way good
you know lotion hold a blush when you
get Apple motion the mom does this wheel
and give them something good and I'm
giving them one of my favorite shirts
rockin sure that I have and some add
some old Cologne on it so it should
smell really good
it was the in slow motion
my Allah jimmies patita beautiful dinner
she's giving police
I remember the help us together I said
that wonders I'm I can you given this we
worked on the Blackstone and uh and I
have to rest once we go opened up
surprise take the cheese what day it is
Pablito this is a Yemeni food that she
brought all the way from New York City
so I don't even want you giving I don't
really drive I just forced to consume I
wouldn't give this to you because it's
this is for me okay for me this is I got
you guys lotion yeah explosion Apple
yeah I think I just I got you one of my
shirts my favorite shirt Oh some rocket
shower here Thanks smells good may smell
bad but I'm for Cologne on and so I
smoke it knows it can I give you this
said Ellis was on up or at hard for this
alright now the people I say I say yeah
I put it on the I put it on the black
stones instead you have the video get
this one funny I haven't taken one up
though there's another one so you can
give up but this is one I'm supposed to
give my family
so I can get anything free not try to
disturb in a supposed to give you no no
now you have started out of opportunity
to know what it is maybe I'm sorry I was
using nothing how they just came I was
like oh money from Shane tell him how
you check it are we gonna give them that
hold the Apple whole dad just Hill House
healthy
sorry who's Adam see you who's Adam
who's that who's out of healing how are
you me yeah who's that
Adam using out the hair right are you
you Barney I'm bald yeah what's up me I
don't know I think it's I gonna do good
nice to meet you by the ribbon what's in
it
my name is up Lizzie's advising SME
triazines do again just came from school
no way camera just came for you
okay mom thank you so much you know
which hotel room and it's Lola's not
Chinese it's not Jackie
we always had them find out like how
they go that's cool man that's nice now
you in the Black Sea what up good what's
up thumbs up go Turk we're about to
answer messages and never we you're now
in it looks beautiful my son
so what I love about these messages is
that they're like you're like a workout
like it's so long and you have to walk
just hold on so we're going to go in
right now I'm going to show you guys a
lot of cool stuff we have now officially
entered the inside of Masjid and never
look for beautiful this is so seriously
such an amazing feeling going in here
and just walk in hi
there's so much space is like you can do
a little you can see here your chill
here you can teach you you can learn
here
can I
subhanallah so we've just seen the grave
of the Prophet Elias and others in them
and the bucket and hot Bob seriously
like a feeling like it was just seeing
it there and walking by it you have to
say Sam alaikum they say that we chase
our male Camaro so the Loch NESA ilaha
illa Allah Muhammad Allah
Adam Hamid he replies back to you that
moment which is it's the feeling that
you would never have until you
experienced this
when it's a we're from the heck
we are the tournament
bring them
we're gonna have a little
put on a recitation I'm getting a recent
one
so they use solar giza is as good as one
of my favorite suitors
some learning more
I adore
in
and in part of the
Veronica
Bheema oh hi my god
now
one
honest you are
little man
morning
on
Kassem doesn't want me to call this but
I forced him and I said I want to record
this
I recently I'm just going any hyah like
I'm opening it up in the middle and I'm
going to say it and he's going to finish
it off with my shovel
you know you memorize I hope so
I'm going to choose a random one I'm
going to give you a test ready
choose any high
the heart one archetype I wonder what
will the imagery mean Bush 15 Anarchy
where fool away like a number
oh dear oh so V motto
hero someone in
with your heart of
you know what rule is that you have to
recite properly yourself I'm trying
I gather Lita you he aleyko public some
operas you dirty you oka this is
bachelor was amazing like knowing like
Oh
hi
the other gender is when they open up
everyone runs in everyone wants to pray
piece of paradise similar media
hamdullah the green corporate is where
it's at mashallah
resident cottages
solemn the screen on the top on top of
the proverb hummus
right there that was seriously such an
amazing feeling like it was something I
can't explain like so speeches we lost
but I am an awesome son cannot know
where they are but the good thing might
hear like it's like home so even figure
lost me somewhere you'll see them
somewhere but it was a feeling that you
prey on there it's like a feeling like
like you're really feel like you're in
heaven you're the skies you're a
beautiful feeling that I can't explain
that you have to be there to do it show
muscle shell are you guys for watching
this can go there and I want to you guys
till I get this but I feel bad first two
days I'm here gonna vlog nothing as you
know I'm gonna bring you guys with me
the reason why I thought some of it cuz
I want you in the non-muslims to see
like what goes on what's everything so
it's any non-muslims watching something
on it comes below was seriously an
amazing amazing for how's it feeling I'm
gonna feel caring in the the other
dinner is emotional of me I speechless
it I think this was
the second best part saying was the
president visiting the grave is in the
grave over Dahlia we are now going to
head to get some Starbucks it is so hot
here like so so hot we found the
Starbucks right over there and we found
a shine I'm the best feeling is they get
a nice iced caramel macchiato super hot
I don't know why but it feels so weird
like a paper from Saudi Arabia feels so
we're home you know just so weird keep
it alright guys so it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you'll enjoy the fight
did makes you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey I'm not gonna be vlogging for the
rest of the day I'm gonna go out on my
own and pray and do my own thing and
just you know focus on me praying I only
want to do this because I want to you
guys to go on this journey so if you
guys did enjoy it give it a thumbs up
let me know if you guys did enjoy that
journey of you going through that I want
you guys to experience experience and go
on this journey with me so do me gang
thank you so so much for your love and
support truly means the world like you
guys made this happen and I'm so sick
I'm making so much diet for you guys
every single hour like for a lot of you
so I'll see you guys tomorrow do me a
take care or pitch hello
you
