hey guys what's up with dummy gang I
hope you all have an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing day you should be having an
amazing day
sup there's got other mm nice how are
you oh my brother we're right now in
Modena we had about a 5 hour drive from
Mecca to Medina so sorry everyone M - M
G so we were here in the lobby using
Wi-Fi and I just met the homie
hey Devon I had them on kiff ago I was
up I'm gonna come to like um do natasha
naffy Lena how does it feel to live here
it's good should I should I moved here
yeah yes yeah mom man are you gonna give
me a can I lick a nice sleeping with
your house yeah my can can I sleep in
your house yeah it knows we didn't do
everything figured out how you doing so
we just got done pretty shy didn't
really want to vlog in the message I
might walk a little bit tomorrow there
but today I wanted to like relax and
just pray and just focus on like focus
on myself there praying and enjoy the
moment and scene I wanted to respect you
know the prophets the process the
prophets master so I went into
perspective but yeah today we finished
praying and we go out shopping out so I
brought our black hammer I just sort of
like him and I feel so so bad because a
lot of you guys found out what hotel man
and a lot of you guys are coming waiting
now said so long and then you have to
tell him you guys want to hang out I
can't because my mom wants to hang out
with me so I can't say no I'll tell you
guys tomorrow
and how did I'm not even sure if I came
to hang out tomorrow but I'm so so sorry
I can't hang out you guys because my mom
is always with me
I was waiting for it to hang also like
that I mean I see it in black but it is
behind rocks oh yeah oh yeah I'm gonna
go out shopping chill around now go come
on go see it getting spread it out here
Medina come on kiss him I was giving us
a hard time
I might get me a green thumb so we're
gonna take out sighs I don't know I
don't know chill choose how to choose
maybe choose me something that the eye
character you think I'd pull it off
enough I think this one good Oh like all
right he's always having 52 something
about this color is nice do you think
what icon hey what you doing I'll go for
baby if you put something on something
ugly yeah and obviously that thing will
look beautiful oh so yes I guess that's
romance right there as I've wronged his
for this I mean we go later I go for
gold hello howdy hey Russ ha ha yo
we have a universal
blender what happened we still they come
you see him
hey cut machine this one you got
something away okay but color out of me
Allah Allah do it I mean to mark up
alibi she this one how much now is about
the bargain why non-party because he's
bengali to russia's part is very soul
dish we get the same tape check the info
no no no no no - oh no - another love it
yeah actual customer what it is seen
must follow a shoelace Nana follow the
narrow - sugar - hallo huh come on now
the house will work come on as you can
do this good job Allah's invoke this
happen - what do you see 19800 except a
that's what an idol is good I was here
he's longer Gumby okay yeah I'll show
you guys outside of Medina over here
it's beautiful my son these are all the
illegal shops and I supposed to be
shopping here selling stuff here it's
illegal you know the hustler and I we're
looking at bad we don't know which one
is good for ladies
but they want the butterfly ones these
days because somehow they want to fly or
something like that
walaikum Salam I'm Sonic no you know -
yeah guys you right good yeah I got just
take a picture yeah I love you take me
to him so nice thinks he's better in
soccer than any of these Arabs though
you much that human a man miss it and it
is good again hello Lydia basiago you
but you know yeah
oh come on now this you score
oh he bloody see that he got the Arab
legs he got the Arab legs mashallah
whoa nothing Cathy three hours versus
one more guy that's it
oh oh he's going out you guys
he just go from back there come on us oh
why is going a little cow
why are you playing Luke is like that
huh yeah soon
Yui is going on little kids like that
okay he's ala because we can that's
right we can say what's up what's up
with Saudi Arabia oh oh let's go come on
guys going so hard I didn't know don't
do it
let me bask
alright guys I'm gonna be wrapping up
the vlog right now I'm wrapping it up in
the morning after fetch I didn't really
like much because today I wanted to just
like as I said in the beginning I wanted
to respect the prophets message and I
wanted to on to the betta the first
moment a bit I wanted to pray and like
just be there and just feel the moment
of being there so I didn't really like
much hope you guys understand let me
know in the comments below from what
city or you guys watching like my vlogs
from what city are you guys at I'm gonna
be doing this little giveaway that my
mom gave me this idea from I have about
6 to 7 prayer rugs these prayer rugs I
took them to the cabin I put it like all
over the cabin I also put it in the
black stone and it smells so so it
smells so so I don't think eyes know
that thing called ode but it smells like
old smells like it smells so good I feel
like it's I feel like blessed because it
was on the cabinets on the black stone
ax stuff sometimes like you should do a
little giveaway so I'm gonna be giving
with only one because I don't have any
other left that because I have to give
some to my friends and family and I'm
gonna give away one of them the camera
to one of you guys because yeah I want
you guys to have one too like to decide
i wish i wish i would have next time I
come I promise I'll do a lot more I
didn't think of it so my mom told me but
I'm gonna be giving this away I'm gonna
be choosing a winner from YouTube so all
you gotta do is give it a thumbs up
comment and YouTube will tell me the top
active person and I'll be choosing a
winner and about when I'm back in
America which is about three before day
so yeah wish you guys luck
thumbs up for dummy gank good luck and I
really hope next time I promise I'll do
more and I'll see you guys enter the
giveaway winners that I announced last
week please please please contact me
with your details everything so I can
send you guys your stuff I'll see you
guys soon take care and peace I like
you
