I said I'm on like what I want the light
over the cat so hope you guys are having
an amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so I'm having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing day
so today I put on these second man
clothes stuff like that and I don't know
why I just I'm not just like having that
feeling you know looking like today's
missing days is like one of my role
models so Charlie what's today's yeah
okay but we're gonna go to today we're
gonna go to gavel arafat Michelle I love
waking up to this man just beYOU I'm
gonna miss it so much to do a family
that closely right there Nasser you
coming are you sleepy Unni spend Eliza
don't laugh yeah so noggin spends last
day doing tawaf and me my brother ready
to go and my mom is coming to every
night this year my mom khasim is coming
to we is ready to go
hi guys I'm about to go knock unshaken
on closes door he's gonna see my ring
he's gonna see why we see his react so
scared he's gonna think I'm some weird
guy
so it's not me
so huh I'm gonna map now here your
levels
surprising Michelle yeah you like it
isn't it yeah definitely mom of all the
animals and ha ha
I will introduce Nikola here in abyssea
their amount possums kids mashallah he's
one of the quietest cutest kids ever but
he's gonna talk don't worry he's gonna
talk to me fine but just over how come
my shit
got it it's the police right here
999 police this is Marshall notices out
of fat cabin out of front right here I
like it looks nice if you like going up
why whoa nah man is good 10 minutes just
10 minutes ago up there we have to do
right are we gonna do it huh yeah yeah
he spoke he spoke a mommy's boy he said
yes buddy what say you ready yes
yes she spoke to yes special look are we
going up let's go he made it to the top
I could feel myself going upstairs
because I had to help my mom up
so I took my mama made it here and we
are here on top of cabin at a fire pit
it's so beautiful a double rainbow and
the mountain of mercy after you can say
by the law this is one of the most
important place this is not an empanada
box
this is developed there is knowledgeable
within our part it is known as mainly
mountain of myrrh so now it's not a
javelin right back mashallah scream 1/9
of
of Aragon which is the main they only
had you all the judge about four million
of our surrounding area my prayer is
that men must know that I bring you here
but on the day of Arafah shala admiral
deal if rahim and your younger brother
your father your mother shava so this
place is called jamaat they throw the
throw the rocks at the apple she don't
know what yes they throw rocks over
there at the schita rocks pebbles
pebbles the thing that is real Shaitaan
in there so it's not a real shit huh
so so what I throw it is just symbolic
Wow someone Simba symbology let's not do
stuff can you throw anything else other
than my pebbles character like slippers
long fella I wish that all of you can
here Sean Mahajan and by watching this
clip yes you Adam and all these fans and
everybody should make intention of
performing hajj as just box inshallah
inshallah
and so you're inspiring all of them and
i love that about you this is a very
similar game well not really one of the
main messages you see the whole thing
over there
Wow bodis here bruh Janet can I go out
and throw like pebbles Anna right now
yeah no I mean I want to I've always
wanted to do that I don't know why
thanks always my still I want to like
just go do it
I also want to take you there and throw
stones on you yeah how you guys doing in
the back guys no one good so yes okay
both have session and I don't hear again
I'm going more here than you telling me
show you guys my scars have a scar here
the reason why I got that scar someone
behind me is gonna tell you why did I
get this scar at 8:00 they polish each
staples Rosetta sure yeah
we guys it's not the luck so Philippines
talent a little bit so I don't start man
how's it going we're getting really good
boyfriend if you know I can explain good
good thank you so much you'll be there
maybe so I appreciate
we just got done trains oh we just got
done going to give a lot of fats and all
those cool places
and learn so much new stuff from sewing
sorry
so
it was about
vodka sauce it
my medium
starting to record his friend first
we're gonna go get some Starbucks coffee
so we got our Starbucks we have about
three four hours to us so we could go
hang out to the mall do some shopping
doing a lot a lot of shine everybody
shopping my mom again he's a spender man
she shops a lot but she's a good bargain
like she helps me out to bargain
toboggan la the crazy things in
Starbucks they have a woman side and
then men side by accident yesterday once
a woman side without knowing because
they were you doing it we meet on the
Starbucks CEO Norman side are like oh
really and go to the men's side but it's
pretty interesting yeah I love you
actually
it's like feels like home I think that
looks sick together one for Muhsin just
what size this one or that one they're
gonna be at the end when you one let's
see that'll fam that's the size right
there
it's literally inside with it so my
brother just bought a Gucci watch and
I'm trying to tongue is that like for me
trying to tell why you why don't you get
what she's been fine my eyes inside of a
couple of days no you could just look
there's a big clock here Mecca you just
look at the time right I don't get the
reason why we were like oh yeah I can
Rolex watch Gucci watch
got away yeah crazy boy you crave okay I
came to see the tone oh yeah I came to
see the time
how can you see it yo oh ma know that
they cost so much oh my god 25 I don't
get I don't guess you go crazy see here
miss already I believe all the shops
open even if it's Gucci
it'll cost for $5,000 and still open
shop in Seoul because anyone is caught
stealing here
they cut your hands it's not a good way
before I end this vlog I want to show
you guys this little clip that I
accidentally recorded today we were at
the kappa me and nas we're literally
like praying like other cows and doing
tawaf and just make him die on the cow
by kissing it and just literally just
enjoying the moment and then talking to
Allah like when I was when I was kissing
the cabin making diet I felt like I felt
like I was literally talking to a lot
like I felt a connection I felt so
touched I started tearing so much and
everything then I want to go see I want
to look for NAS and I had my camera and
I see NAS and never in my life I never
went out last year I never in my life
seen oz tear or anything like that he
doesn't even know I'm posting like
Porsha he didn't know I have this camera
he doesn't know how this footage off
like that by seriously what USC because
it inspired me to touch my heart brought
like his eyes were just crying and
crying and crying in a really touch law
and and yeah just give me that good
feeling so I want to show you guys you
guys can be inspired by it
welcome on the scholar step
and also
I want you guys to show you guys that
this is real this is real life life is
you only literally you only I'm not
gonna say only with us but literally you
only have one life and it's so short and
the afterlife is so long like it's goes
on forever and forever so why make dumb
mistakes and do stupid stuff in that
little short life to mess up your whole
long you know afterlife when you can do
good and try your best to to be a better
person you can have an amazing
afterwards so I think what I was saying
I don't know my see you guys tomorrow
doom again another Saudi flag tomorrow
going to Medina
I said take care and peace em again
I love you thumbs up and go turkey
thumbs up you guys enjoy inside with me
right see you guys soon song
you
