hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you guys should be having
an amazing time
Yeah right now we are going to pray
fudge it is well Simon princess is 3 M
we're going to go make the wop then
after making toe-off we want to get
front row our goal me nuts or not on
that kill with this is we love we love
the ship his voice is so amazing so we
want to get first row Mina's really want
to get first row so our goal is to get
first row in in fact today have you guys
not that guy today's yesterday so
basically it's like his voice and here's
a powerful voice and does this guy this
morning
oh my god let me hurt ya voices I've
heard since I've been it in the last
four days Naz wants to go more than me
set up from house let it go I want to go
back hopefully this guy will be leading
the prayer today as well and we're gonna
have to say their pledge prayers around
5:30 is 3 o'clock right now so that
means 2 hours and a half we get sleepy
probably seek there and then yeah the
good thing is over here like home you
can sleep
chill relax as I said on my snapchat
this is the pathway the real pathway to
more success notice how I said real
notice how I said real these are the
places with a crane with a crane fell
and injured and killed so many people
subhan loves from all the windows
blowing yeah what was it second floor no
that's it
who's right here literally rightly
smells so good
like literally fresh air this is always
the best moment right here when you make
this turn this
hi guys not just kiss the backs I'm so
proud so Bradley's over here we'll have
to pretend I gotta work hard for an
assignment people pushing people just
barging in and so like that just like
barging gets so crowded but right now in
the first row it you have to wait about
an hour and a half to fetch it here so
let's see how this goes when I shot
everything with like the birds are you
two going around same way that we go
which is crazy
the truth
you got pretty much around the second
address this is still like an
achievement for us we have an hour and a
half to wait yup she's always like sound
like our team so that we have hour and a
half week so I'm going to do the dots
and you guys told me to do on the insert
picture handy YouTube ly some comments
you read as much as I can
I'm sure what the deities have
so we just got done praying fed on
Hampton LA we made it to the front like
my brothers who at the front were like
yo hey yo hey yo wait we got to the
front and we were filming that's country
magic no way that was close hey I was
gonna have a slap it's literally about
60 I'm gonna wear some breakfast and
then we gonna sleep we'll finally see if
he doesn't to show his head spin choice
as he's oh sweet man
now you do me this screenshot I got it
thank you so much I appreciate you guys
thank you so much yes good yeah so this
is a real hey what's up I give them a
little you know room tour this is what
is this right over here is about to
garnish gives you this is the bathroom
right here on the right side there this
is like a mini kitchen yeah over here
this is the best part no what is it a
view I think that's the best for the
couch I don't know you should at least
dope let's say a sofa here in a small
couch that's dope
no here somebody wanted sit back and
relax look at the viewer nice view show
them the view / let's say Roger that is
oh my you got here this is my favorite
part
well is this sick is this huh let the
whole big that's a big bit just for me
mmm got some food Doritos Doritos you
see it's so funny nervous
yes bah what is it
alright guys so we said we're going to
change our head a little bit like this
he's gonna shave it just dis little cut
I guess hope he's good tight places
don't copy not just a little bit like
this this understand it soon as how much
Allah Allah
it's good follow the knee now shave my
god way we do this Oh
seven minutes
and I'm awesome awesome this is like
come back and tell you in an agreement
yeah like Rashmi New York Yemen Mindy
America is your land it is just a
question that it's been - I have to
smoosh the potato blow up that moves
oh boy I love it Oh
oh my god I'm not gonna sit over gotta
sit on my Allah
alright yeah well no yo this but Gimli
gloves
yo so if they might be mines of course
you know oh my god oh no
how did you enjoy doing this enjoy
making people this way might be a bigger
book to NASA I love the leaking do we
look like my dad
yo nah nothing I swear
sorry margin
miss all your we're doing a big
score you can see right now watching you
right now that matter who does it
yo
yo
now madam is your hope oh my gosh this
is so good
yeah hard line I like that oh my god my
Allah I look like one of those like
creatures in Time Square where they
stand there like no one else
I've been living like this for the
recession
last one
I don't mean gang this flag will
continue tomorrow so give it a thumbs up
make sure you guys subscribe so you can
stay tuned with the Saudi Arabia I'm
gonna vlog I finally completed my umma
die with my mom so I feel so so happy
especially going around the cat about
with my mom was just an amazing amazing
feeling and it feels so like they're so
amazing to create memories with with my
mom like around the camera something so
mean so thank you guys so so much for
everything I didn't vlog as much today
because throughout the whole day I'm
always like praying always in Mecca and
around the cabbage going around just
praying vlogging literally takes just a
couple minutes only took two three hours
so I have some free time to vlog and to
inspire you guys and show you guys the
you know my point of view my journey I
want to bring guys on my journey it's
not like I vlog or bring the camera with
me 24/7 literally just takes me maybe a
couple hours whenever like I'm just
hanging around off like that and the
rest of the time just praying yeah so
you got some all take care do me gang I
love you and I hope you guys in joyed
legs pitch
