hey guys what's up do me dang I hope you
are having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing day I just landed in Doha
Qatar I have an other right now it is so
beautiful this is one of the most
beautiful airports I've seen in my life
like it's so so beautiful so huge so
dope it was about a 12 hour flight from
New York City toccata that's one long
spice I've ever had on now I have to
wait another five six hours I'm going
around I've seen Tobias it's placed
right above my sister's we're here
they'll go crazy to get like to get
these advise like it's how girls shot so
much it's done oh my god oh my God look
at the cottage they look around this is
the Michael I like I don't know what's
gonna buy what's not but I think this
one this one is oh this this is on fleek
this is awfully look at this Airport so
dope
you go in the car what kind of cars
trying to steal a car this this is and I
would be outside this is an Audi he got
this huge
I don't always supposed to be a teddy
bear of something like that but
explosive and they got another car down
there hi guys it is time for me to make
Balu and it's time to me to put on my
home right
so we're here right now at the hotel and
I'm with the one and only and mom since
there's not like so I go how's it going
it is crazy I just we just got here and
then he surprised me with this I go in
he's like go look at the view and I'm
like okay and you can see it later he
sees me
I thought these views are only like in
helicopter views Masha Allah subhanAllah
oh my god that's I can't thank this guy
so much he helped me so much to come
here he literally he literally one of
the nicest most humble guy I've ever
known and I missed him so so much so you
keep calling me humble after all that
meeting no matter his beatings are good
his meetings are like not those beatings
were like I hurt you is those beatings
that teach you less you know so I have
to try harder manager it nacho harder
like you wanna put on boxing gloves pick
up some boxes like I can move it I want
you guys to to go to market um thank you
so much from Adam again tell a huge
thank you so make sure you go ahead I
say thank you so so much and give him
some dogs and he'll love you
you're that is it he hates it up just a
little bit a little now we're gonna go
smiler and let's see how good well
that's good Naz already knows how to
like fix up his we shut that how do you
know how to do it girl and YouTube I'm
so anxious we won't teaching them but we
are ready to go we're going to go take a
little look at the Kaaba in Mecca this
is just the me I can't believe it feels
like a dream role I swear to god it
feels like a dream right now like
seriously feel like J then after that a
couple hours later we're gonna go do a
mom we're gonna go to I'm gonna right
now where you can go scoping around
chill around for a bit
I see I'm gonna look for my brother
who's okay yeah you know I'm not gonna
say my head it no you're gonna have to
have some yeah it's like this that means
I did it if nas did it you gonna have to
do it
no is he with your you know like a legit
with other hand yeah
mask on Shoshanna me are you crazy
comedy shot of no way at nas come a long
way I would take it off a took him like
20 minutes if Olivia
that is beautiful look at this
how beautiful this listen I can never
get bored looking at this
oh yeah
well
it'll be nice baby
he's really a two minute very sexy that
also much like so much everything
how did you feel when you first time saw
it I got scared just a fairy tale to me
but they see in real life let's get the
hell out of it but in a good way
yeah yeah the good way
the dream
beautiful police
in this earth like look at that in real
life it's just there's no words to
explain like that
I can't believe it here
you can say that
I'm going to go try to kiss a black
stone
black zone
Oh
my toenail Kim also got her yeah okay
just get it what's wrong
listen as long as we got the black skull
this is the black sober
someone stuffed in my talk I was going
under people but someone who could
digger like what like stepped all over
me and then heard me right there I
kissed the blackstone everything made
aah
but now it's helped me out so much and
he didn't get to kiss it by promising
we're gonna go either one tomorrow later
today we're gonna go crazy I don't know
what you do like those so proud of my
total I feel it in my toes like you know
the kind of sickness mashallah so dope
this was crazy yeah but my told this I
think my phone out came off nothing
might 103 thank you so you had enough
the most awkward thing just have the one
of them was I gave this to Ibrahim yeah
this with him and I thought I forgot I
gave it to him but then when I was
pushing him in I realize it didn't have
one of my head Oh someone's someone's
nicked it yeah and then goes his lady
she she was wearing who talked it was
exactly the same same kind but it was my
thing cuz it was so like crowded it was
pushing and shoving I grabbed it and I
put it on my head
yeah until I was older let me shake mine
I gave it back to the lady yeah and then
I never became as I hear this young he
was like what the heck that elephant so
he bags did it he took someone else in
the job because since was pushing the
lady's hand the job is already half way
out so he thought I was here then he
took it and he gave him power guys I may
be wrapping up the flag real real quick
because Wi-Fi here is super slow once
again so I'm gonna keep it like to be
continued and yeah I finished doing
Umbra and I didn't vlog as much I'm so
so sorry I keep the vlog short plus I'm
here to like pray and do I'm it off my
mom and I'm like that so thank you guys
so so much once again for all your love
and support this is literally has been
the most amazing time I love being there
just sitting there just like smelling
the fresh air and just thinking just
makes me feel so much better and like
happier and stuff like that so thank you
guys so much
remember I am still doing like the Oz
for you guys I want to give a lot of
that for you guys so leave any comment
and I'll try to reach it out hopefully
soon and plus my head is bulb and if you
guys want to see my head bulb thumbs up
if you really want to see it I don't
know I might upload the the cutting the
hair scene so here see you guys tomorrow
take care pitch
like
