hey guys what's up for Douma gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing amazing day I have some good
news this is an update video to let you
guys know that I am now going to Umbra
and I'm so so happy and I'm so so
speechless you guys you're they're happy
with me I am going to open I'm so excite
this was like a last okay seriously guys
this is like a last minute thing I just
got a call to like you leave it tonight
go tonight and your recent here tonight
I just want to say a huge huge huge
thank you to you guys a dooming egg for
literally like making a statement making
a word thank you guys so much from the
bottom of heart I mean it for the bottom
art you guys do not know how badly I
want to this like you guys do not know
like this was like ah this is a dream
come true right now it's like it's like
oh sorry I must have to push that this
is seriously like a dream come true this
seriously like a dream come true so
thank you guys so so so so much thank
you to homie nas thank you throw me Imam
Kasim that were who worked so hard in
Saudi Arabia to get any there so now I
explain and a homie simulcast for like
looking out for me when I was when I was
like get it without allows left alone
and every thank you to my whole family
thank you to you guys for making the
same and thank you to my mom so thank
you guys so so so so much and to the
haters who thought like they were like
oh haha
he can't go this and that well I guess
this is why I never give up and what I
do this is why I never give up when I do
I don't stop doing what I'm doing plus
you guys gave me all this motivation so
thank you guys so so much and here comes
the journey to Saudi Arabia to be doing
Umrah and agra tala
everything everything works out and I
want you guys I want every single one
you guys for watching this right now
leave a comment of a dot even even if
you're a hater you're watching this you
can leave a comment of what da
you want me to say and I'll make that
prayer for you I don't care if you hate
me I don't care if you want me dead or
nothing life you can still make a
comment I promise you
wallah I will still do the die just for
you because I want nothing but the best
with to everyone and to anyone who I
have ever
like that I'm so so sorry I really hope
you forgive me inshallah everything
turns out great and always always be
happy for one another and always be
positive keep smiling home and this will
call the anime alright guys I'll see you
guys soon
I'm leaving now take it I love you do me
hang P say thank you guys so much once
again oh yeah thank you so much to the
company um to the company that took Mike
Tyson - I'm gonna they they try to help
me out a lot so thank you guys so so
much so there's so much thank you this
is just an update video to let you guys
know to let you guys know that I'm going
and we say thank you guys once again
remember never give up and what you want
and I promise you will get it never give
up anything is possible I promise you
take care of doom again and peace thumbs
up leave a comment don't forget see ya
address
what
