because I guess it is about what times
times it is midnight right now literally
12:01 a.m. bar pretty much just woke up
crying because she wanted to watch
Spongebob so I put it here to watch
Spongebob with me in my room and also to
do the giveaway so before I start I just
want to apologize for having announcing
the giveaway winners for so so long I
was away out of the state out of home
and I wanted to do it while I have the
phone so you guys can see the iPhone
that is brand new and I want to prove to
you guys that is brand new and show you
guys and prove to you guys I'm going to
send and show you guys that I'm sending
so this is legit and iPhone 6s so it is
time ready who's the winner who's the
winner
who no not me telling the story what she
did when I was away
Rema ate a coin a dime coin why would
you eat a dime coin why do you eat it
why hey Rima why did you eat the dime
coin because why say louder I can't hear
you you were hungry so when you're
hungry you go around eating coins so
why'd you eat the coin so Rima a to coin
ate a dime because she had died Hey she
had to die cuz she had died have to
shake the time my mom bug dad are you
okay I leave my booty yeah
Sabrina I really believed that she was
gonna die so she started crying going
crazy I'm gonna die I'm gonna die
the man came over like he was visiting
her he thought he's like we must is he
last day I'm just visiting you because
you're gonna die tonight it was so weird
when they were telling me the story and
then I think about a day later something
like that
Reba why'd you find the coin where did
the coin get to after okay in the way
okay yup and went to the toilet yeah
you saw her to the toilet that's this
that's so nasty what were you doing a
social experiment was that prank was a
prank but it was so so hard to announce
that these widow's so hard to choose so
hard guy this is the
this thing ever like why don't giveaways
like the topic toughest thing is
choosing the winners so the head room is
gonna help me out choose winners there's
not one good he'll be sure ok alright so
first I'm gonna announce the five
winners of the letters I've made a
person write you guys a letter and mail
it to you guys so it's gonna be like an
old-fashioned you don't let it ever
write stuff like that for you guys
alright and they are who house I'm gonna
girlfriend you know she she's uh picture
this is she thought about girlfriend
it's just a woman crush Wednesday
though it's not Stacy I'm sorry wishy
I'm sorry I don't want to tell you I
don't want them okay so the first winner
who's winning a letter from me the name
is Durrani on Instagram Durrani right
there see Durrani right there the Ronnie
Durrani said Adam I would watch your
vlogs every day just to do whatever
makes you happy
you're an amazing caring loving person
to us especially to your family I can
see that your mom and dad are surely
proud of you cuz you work hard for your
life life achievements keep joking
around with the Adams rachet family
because that what makes us love you more
keep doing good deeds don't be afraid to
do something just because you're scared
of what people are going to say about
you people will judge you no matter what
be thankful for everybody in your life
good and bad past and present they all
made you they all made you the person
who you are today
you're an amazing wonderful person Adam
never give up on something you really
want look for something positive in each
day whenever you find yourself doubting
how far you can go always remember how
far you have I've come always remember
everything you have faced all the battle
you have won and all the fears you have
overcome you don't know me but I know
you but I know you and I pray the best
for you inshallah have courage and be
kind that was so so sweet seriously good
show by the white roses randomly on
Instagram and just one like that and
happened to be this one I'm guessing
this was super long it's an easier
chance with us you know smart smart next
giveaway members makes me so happy
because
seems like you're a rider died do me so
you know makes me happy that I'm gonna
write a letter to write a dive dummy
this one is an a' on history i wonder if
you guys can see it right there Anna
Anna and I said it's not all about
winning it's about having peace in love
heart heart I love you
adieu me gang but do me for life so yeah
thank you so much Anna you'll be getting
a letter and this is also an Instagram
that I chose randomly and then I guess
she commented a lot that's how that's
how it came on it so I'm saying an
easier chance the next person that is
getting a letter is real Niomi
boy real not when I owe me Wow right
there right there
she said Adam all I want to say is I'm
so glad two people are to be part of the
do me game I've been watching your
videos since 2013 and here we are in
2016 you really made me laugh smile stay
happy sorry your videos inspired me a
lot
you started off with a few videos and
became so big never stop doing what you
do best
they don't want us to support them do me
game so you know what we're going
support you no matter what keep doing
what you do much love Naomi that is so
sweet I cannot wait to write you guys
like letters back for like the amazing
stuff you guys do you guys always send
me letters sounds my turn to send you
guys letters so we have two more
10-ounce know this one up this one is
from from a youtube comment from the
video my my side comment on the video of
the main channel video that I didn't
Dominican public comment that one their
name is city nude fight us I randomly
chose it on YouTube City nude fight us
right there and they said hey Adam I
hope you're having an amazing day cuz if
I'm having an amazing day you should be
having an amazing thank you so much city
nude photos and I can't wait any letter
we have Rima Steven sleepyhead
okay so that was foreigners for the
letters I am also choosing one more
winner for a letter and this person is
from Twitter her name is Alejandra Rubio
Alejandra blew via this girl right there
I just want to say I just went onto
Twitter right now she to look for her
video she's made a video for the
giveaway like saying why she should want
to give
you know seriously it was such a sweet
video no one has ever done a video for a
giveaway so I feel like she deserves a
letter from me so Alejandra thank you so
so much and I went through all your
measures you were supporting the whole
hashtag little you hope your whole
timeline is about like me it's dedicated
to me so thank you so so much I
appreciate you guys I appreciate all the
love you guys doing I really hope you
guys can like I don't know like I feel
like I gotta give you guys so much love
back and thank you so much for that
those are the five winners for the
letters and yeah
now I'm gonna announce the winner for
the hoverboard I have not got I am gonna
get it and send it to this boy right
here
it says Adam can I please win the
hoverboard because my mom won't let me
get one because we're spending a lot of
money on my sister's wedding so I can't
get one all my friends all my friends
sorry all my friends have them and I
really want to blend in with them my
friend bought his hoverboard over to my
my house yesterday and all I did was
play on it the whole time that's why I
really want one please Adam choose me
Angela can guide you through the rest of
your life Salaam bro that was I found
that I found that really really sweet
but don't don't don't just fit in if I'm
giving a hug but don't just fit in with
your friends I'm giving it to you
because I want you to like you know have
fun enjoy your time and make sure you
stay good no stay go to school cause if
you're not I'm gonna have to take that
board with me but I will fill myself
whenever I'm in New York back in your if
I'm going to sell Arabia are ya whenever
I'm backing out one for myself getting
the hoverboard and sending it to you so
thank you so much for those four that
you've always commenting you just want
straight to the point that comment I
loved it in a TouchSmart so thank you so
much so the winner of the iPhone 6s I do
not need my phone with it other night I
chose this from I chose this person I
chose this person because I feel like
they've been supporting me for like
literally three four years for so so
long this girl has came to so many
literally like almost every single one
of like my events everywhere and like
she count she counted down for me she
counted down for me on on Twitter when I
was ill she snores oh my god she counted
down for me on Twitter when I was like
when I was reaching a million she counts
down for me from about a hundred
thousand subscribers away like every day
she would have accountant tweet me this
much left this much this much ups for
about four months every single day when
I say every single day she would do it
every single day she was so sure she
would show so much love she'll come to
me she met me about five six times and
she still wouldn't get like sick of me
ended like that and then I remember I
remember the day like I saw her again
when I was doing like when I was about
to do a future giveaway saying Adam um
um Europe you're this much away from
million subscribers and I know you're
gonna do a giveaway million subscribers
I really hope you know if I don't it's
okay and that really like touch Mart I
felt like she deserved it so jada jada
congratulations to you I was looking up
your Twitter right now I couldn't find
it but Jada please contact me please I'm
gonna DM you please DME you've won the
iPhone 6s thank you so much for a little
support it truly means the world I will
send this out to you and make sure ya
make sure take a picture with it so you
people can see with it and know this is
like legit yeah so yeah thank you so so
much
um yeah I truly appreciate it to
everyone who participated and it shows
so much love thank you so so much a lot
of you guys were telling me Adam it's
not even about doing the giveaway and
stuff like that even if I don't win I'm
so gonna be smiling just to give us
videos to make us smile so thank you
guys so much for that I will be doing
another million subscriber giveaway once
I reach a million subscribers on this
channel so make sure you guys subscribe
please don't get like mad or sad or feel
down or anything like that I promise you
you will get it someday I'm trying to
trust me I'm trying to so hard it's so
hard so thank you guys for elevant
support the truly means the world thank
you guys for everything guys always do
and I feel like this is even still not
enough giving back to you guys but thank
you guys hopefully the next million
subscriber giveaway will be something
even better but yeah thank you guys so
much take care I'll see you guys soon
guys give it a thumbs up thumbs up
thumbs up here ride-or-die do not the
people that want to thumbs up right now
like right now only my rotted items if
you're not a writer that do me do not
thumbs it up if you writer that do me
thumbs up this vibe thumbs up and show
me who's a writer that do me there you
guys so much I'll see you guys soon
and peace I like
always a family times you that booth Ted
let me wipe em away okay this what you
say
