hey guys what's up do me Hank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing - today I'm in my sister's
house gonna go hang out homie slim what
caused him enough Yousef and I was
watching really embarrassing videos of
me my sisters I was like I found really
embarrassing videos me couple years ago
around 2007 2006 some of them when I was
younger and they're so so embarrassing
so if you guys want me to make a video
reacting to embarrassing videos give
this vlog a thumbs up and I'll show it
maybe because it's so embarrassing like
this stuff I was weird I was wearing
like this tighty whities I don't know
panties I don't even know about I'm
gonna say but yeah if you guys want it
thumbs up we'll see what today brings us
so glad to go out for a ride I'm a Yusef
got the banner we're not I'm saying I'm
gonna go
it's like what do you do whose car is
that well that's not my I go hurry up
open the door come on we're just joking
it's okay yeah kind of fare the length
loser something like that okay so we are
here getting gas it is cold side of wood
it's freezing and I'm looking at use of
license plate
I'm like that looks so so don't we read
that my dad says Abu you alright
right there that looks sick man when I
get a car I'll make it I do
I do me game no say he's I'm like an
office on fleek movie eyes though okay
okay I see you learning from Aqua Adam
okay I picked it up
alright so we're about to go reunite
with the homie slim never cars use the
right sparking Harbor Park its taxi here
the trunk is open like I don't even know
their think it's part I don't wait no
one is in a taxi and the back of the
trunk is open what I'm gonna close it
anyone look like Robin
is he's overly I saw I just closed the
trunk
anyone could have just robbed whatever
he had in the back man
no I'm saying sometimes you got to do
good to get good so we do good things
good things will come back to what is
good Iike this I was getting my
Dominican Republic Hall we see it was
good the Miguel Olivo pinning up team oh
okay we're about to go play pool look at
this yeah what role how we gonna do this
want to or what like one-on-one grandpa
happy marriage versus evil I think too
much
these are Brooklyn twister decided oh do
uh slack ass it's like ass versus I
don't you salad with the saliency will
converse alleys I will do that all
things let's do that how you doing
what's up too hard
oh I didn't what sir I know the cables
over each other
hide those let's go I've been traveling
for so long like where have you where
California Chicago London Dominican
public yeah yeah gonna change
oh she's thinking about the last week
enough oh I missed you too
I miss playing pool I miss you a food
the chicken nuggets hi mrs.
play with kosh's that's live who started
up a season you sir not go ahead
we haven't played before so much oh shit
I went in nothing nothing come on
Sally's you guys come over yes sir you
go first
not only a yacht oh my god yes don't you
think I'll stick with it no you as a
snake
why yours didn't you know your clastic
no oh yes you go oh these guys are gonna
talk to Moses shit Jesus please send
another one another one he's not gonna
stop wait I gotta wait till I get on the
court man there's a cow a goat that
counts
I got you
thanks to me goodbye guys we're getting
killed right now but it's all good I'm
gonna try no good try look who's getting
easy chosen Wow Beckham that goes
because oh man oh my god this is not a
good way to start you know it's gonna
happen we're gonna do come back seasons
Drake comeback season
let's go out of
so pass that word ooh
comeback season you got this come on
come on man don't worry by the doing
we're not gonna make the black one in
that's life you're gonna hit here you go
buddy come back
I gotta win a competition on t-shirt
metal step yards get the home come on oh
that's a good shot how's it go sighs to
get us there
no way oh yeah this way I hate when they
wait like this is life this is the
reason why here with some wins this is
why this is the reason but that is why I
hate with you hissing oh very much you
guys know every time I'm here gotta try
this boxing you're gonna go with me
losing you been having a bad home you
got
yeah yeah yeah nitrogen you go to the
hotter keep it up take out your anger I
never that destroy your anger man judge
oh yeah everybody's just a top oh you
what you did so early but do it again
poison do especially yeah
come on listen
I let you do it are you guys okay I'm
losing in everything today it's just
been a bad day free book so yeah I'm
really hoping that your family doesn't
adult experience you want that I'm so
trying to deal with you myself no I was
gonna family bro get opportunity man
it'd be somebody holding oh my gosh
travel who's on the phone for like eight
hours yeah guys home sweet people so
sorry I'm still trying to go I'm still
trying my best like I'm not stopping I'm
not giving up so yeah as Matt's more
days here chillin with you and I'm so
happy I'd always love to so that these I
don't have to selfish so like what is it
better to not be selfish in every vampa
so soon oh my god so me that's all I
like I gotta go you looking at blue hair
alright so we're leaving right now and
it's snowing and the good thing is I
love that like my nephew has a car like
this is why I need to get my laces in a
car soon because like it's like like I
don't know like imagine imagine I gotta
take the train right now and it's like
super snow eating super cold oh yeah
feels so much easier to have a card I
promise I will get it soon and we'll
just need like fix up myself everything
soon and yeah that's so mushy so much
stuff to fix up I need fix it snowing so
much look I love doing like snow trails
ah
okay so you guys always do this for me
i'ma do this for you guys told me gang
know what I'm saying that's good all
right guys so it is time to wrap up this
vlog I hope you all enjoyed this five
who did make sure you give it a thumbs
up I will keep you updated on everything
I'm so trying and once again thank you
guys so so so much from the bottom of my
heart for helping me with everything
that you guys are doing with the tweet
was spreading the word with everything I
truly appreciate it I believe and my
mom's dies I believe in you guys prayers
of my prayers I believe my dad's pears I
believe in myself so she'll everything
goes out great
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care do
me a or pitch I like
I'm here for you always a favor
I'm stuck full teeth then me my paper
way okay this would choose a sleigh
