what's up we do minggaang so today I
have update for you guys and I have some
evidence I have some phone calls have
some recordings in the phone calls of
what went on because they are looking
for any little thing to refuse me from
going to Umbra and this is seriously on
believe I've never seen anything like
this in my life and once again I am so
sorry to bring this to you guys I'm so I
have nothing like to do because people
look at me like I'm some kind of like
garbage like I'm not even like I'm a
Muslim I'm um an American Muslim I'm
born here I'm born a Muslim born in
America and and I want to go to I'm it
out with with my I want to go dormant I
have some evidence I have some updates
and what went on so as I told you guys
yesterday I had embassy meeting and
everything went well so like that but
today it was the total opposite the
total opposite they send in my pictures
my passport and everything to the head
guy whatever someone a head guy in the
Saudi embassy and then I had this phone
call this lady called Mia with the one
that works the Visa Center she called me
and she told me the reason why they
refused me one of the reasons why they
refused me like they're thinking of
anything to refuse me from going to
Amida because that's that's what it
seems like to me and you guys tell me
when you guys hear this audio so let's
go so I don't get the soap you told the
guy to give him my visa what they said
yes then what because I'm wearing a
chain right so as you heard they're they
refused me from getting any visa or
anything now because since I got I got
my passport but yes I got my password
right so that was a step that was a step
of getting my visa but now me trying to
get my visa they saying I can't because
I was wearing a chain this is it's not
working alright but we'll see let's
continue on this one
let's try neon pink this is on a killing
machine
yeah this is unbelievable that's so I so
so I can go so I can go to home refusing
you because I'm peaceful before wrong so
I don't notice of Jesus I don't know but
I don't think the holds everything I
don't think the result is a picture
nothing it's on Tomas where he can't see
nothing because it's not coming from so
I so what is he saying
what was the guy from where is he from
Chucky's he's sorry God
yeah and he said he did what an Alfred
offered him the same amount of money he
was asking for me to give him to the
visa I'm just doing it cuz I want to go
and buy before you can continue the they
told me to pay them seven hundred and
fifty dollars seven hundred and fifty
dollars to like make this work out and
the regular price is 200 so they're not
just full of me and refusing me
they're also stealing my money trying to
steal my money because I've never seen
any visa that's $750 but since I'm so
desperate wanna go with my mom I said
I'll do it $750 I'll do it straight up I
even put a down payment to them that
they have money of mine they have my
money right now just to do the reason
right but like so cam am I gonna even
give my passport nothing like I've never
seen anyone in my life like this
no no no before no one told me no one no
one said oh you can't tell me you tell
me to pray for my reason to come I am
praying but when when this person who's
a Saudi guy who's Saudi guy you guys
gave my thingy okay okay but why do you
guys why do you guys want to give me a
business visa instead of a hombro visa I
can get a number a visa that I was
telling you we sent down a visa okay not
come yet
okay but I'm saying who who is the Saudi
guy who's the guy that was saying that I
wanna know I wanna know because look did
you know Mike Tyson Mike Tyson Mike
Tyson he's a famous boxer he has a
tattoo he has a tattoo on his face
and he went to Omaha and I and I and he
refused me because I have have a chain
under my sweater I have no objection
okay but you guys can't tell me you keep
you guys keep telling me okay okay but
I'm saying you guys keep telling me
tomorrow tomorrow and it's never
happening I want to know who's the guys
names I can kitty please for me okay can
get it to me please
who who's the guys name who's the guys
my lawyer wants this what's in the wants
to know who's the guy's name Samina
Samina Samia please look look look look
can you tell me okay look look look
can you tell me what's the guy's name my
lawyer wants to know what's the guy's
name
you have you have to no no come on
please stood on okay but don't don't be
honest with me tell me the name can you
please give me his can you please give
me his name what's his name I don't know
why you're like impiety okay okay
okay so okay so as you guys heard she
keeps I don't know denying and refusing
and not wanting to say the name as she
called my lawyer before he wants the
guy's name what my man his first book
did you get your your passport back
yeah I got my passport back and then I
try to get my visa then when I try to
get my visa they're like oh no oh we
don't accept that you have a chain in
your in India yeah you have a chain on
your neck I feel like they're looking
for any way to like refuse me or
something it's just on believe in
anything in my life like me slim and
what cost we're talking about which
they're here right now they just came
back from eating I didn't go eat
breakfast because this is seriously
unbelievable gay so I'm here with Waqas
and slim and they are my witnesses they
seen they witness everything that went
on so I'm bringing them in the video
because they are my witnesses of them
seeing what went on so you guys can say
a person think it's great somebody's
getting denied or going to work over a
chain yeah I think it's personal crazy
when I went there I've been sober ah
first you said oh they had the rainout
of Umrah visas whatever and then they
said how many of your business visa and
then you better pay for the business
visa and then the guy says well you made
an excuse I feel like the Chamber's an
excuse cause you don't want you to come
in person yeah it's not like that so I
business the job hard they can charge me
seven hundred and fifty dollars and have
a down payment that they have done
decide there so so this is Vaishali this
had seven felices didn't want you to pay
it anyway said I went up here then you
call should I do like you know cuz from
what I already got supposed to pay more
just a good laugh guys mattered ah let's
go that last time that sound like I have
no option to go like I was trying my
best me back could go late but I can't
now they're looking for any little
reason to to let me out like I feel like
you want to have no chain they're
probably like oh your beards not looking
right like you know you can go and if I
were gonna say any like reason for me
not to go that's that's what I feel like
but I want you guys last time I told you
guys you know it's a tweet Saudi embassy
or something like that I told you guys
now I'm telling you guys ten times
harder and I want you guys anybody out
there please let them know let them know
let them know what they're doing is
super wrong they're literally separating
me from my mom
and from even more embarrassing from
amount Cassie who's the one who invited
me and brought me a new book the tickets
and everything that's so embarrassing
that's all and I've never seen anything
like this in my life
seriously spread the word and tell
someone who can actually like can
actually help without I don't know
without being judgmental and this is why
I said Arabs are so judgmental people
I'm so sorry to say that Arabs are
judgmental people how you judge me I'm
not like like this is unbelie-- or what
a French Montana want I said oh you're
going there you get what closer to God
yeah everything
it's an opportunity to get closer to God
stuff right yeah so they're like taking
that away from you I hate that or over a
necklace there's no reasoning behind
what if someone what if something had
interval of God I would've wore you to
do that yeah that's me yeah that's the
way you want to do that yeah to be
honest like when I was like people have
all people have power and stuff they
always abuse it that's what it is that's
what's doing right now yeah yeah but I
think I don't know I think it's like
what like what if someone has a like at
SVA I must mad and he thinks is gonna
let God judge them right that did let
them go there my god you so I'm not
gonna handle some more you guys you guys
can please if you guys don't want to
have to both you guys can please help me
out
and yeah that's just that's all i'ma say
I'm Andy here I'll go see you guys help
my guys take care
you
