let's see this one this one seems like
safe hey guys what's up a dummy gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing it good morning it to
me gang I just woke up it's super super
early I'm going to an embassy meeting I
don't know an embassy meeting or a
travel agency or something something
meeting but yeah and it's really big
important meeting this meeting kind of
depends on me getting my passport and me
if I can even still be going somewhere
because I'm still trying my best one
thing guys do not know about me I never
give up like I seriously never ever give
up and I love that bye you guys - adieu
Mia you guys never ever give up and
thank you guys but once again I do me
Hank for spreading the word and like
helping me on this because it has helped
me so much a lot of companies a lot of
like people around the world are trying
to help me out with this issue and I
feel like if I continue on and don't
give up and do what I'm supposed to do
right now I can still get the chance to
go and that's what I'm trying to do
right now so cello all works out I will
tell you I'm not giving up and let's see
how this goes today
that's what are you doing we were
worried you you don't really want to see
me anymore
don't be like that when you go up okay
are you gonna be like that when you grow
up are you gonna be like that are you
gonna be like that I'll see you soon
okay get him to kiss you have to always
give them a kiss kiss
but okay so I'm heading to the embassy
meeting in a few is so earlier and I'm
so so sleepy and my dad was giving me
some keys to success on going to Arab
meeting specifically Arab meetings
because he said it's different from
regular meetings it's our being so I'm
like you know what I'm gonna take your
word he's like you know dress a way that
they would like so I'm like okay I'm
gonna trying some clothes and I see what
I think what they were like new guys to
probably give me some thoughts on what
you guys think with lace and we tried my
first shirt the kid I think I have a lot
of options all of them I different I'm
going to try this on first to see what
this will do okay imagine going to a
meeting to our meeting like this to
embassy are being like this a hey summer
no no I don't know then I am like this
this is like the army or Navy color
they'll be like oh you should use the
board the troops kiln arabs oh my god
let me just take this off and I'm not
gonna yeah I don't think I'm gonna do
this one let's see this one this one
seems like safe I think if any Arab guy
looks at this and sees me going in with
a beanie like this this should be I
think will be good what do you guys
think you told me let's see I'm actually
feeling this I don't know what do you
guys think I don't know I feel like this
is like I'm it looks good and classy but
it's too tight and looks like I'm trying
to be like yo what up you know what's up
swaggy yo what up you know what I have
an Arab embassy so I don't know I don't
think yeah I don't think it'll work next
maybe I should wear like a hat or
something like to be like little Loki
and a coke because it's so cold today so
maybe if I wear a coat and a hat I'll
look like it'll be like whatever with
this feel yes who is it what happened
I'm doing something important I'm going
to a meeting I need to dress up
all right you know what why not let's
just bring them in oh these guys are
always up so so early
you're always waking me up who told you
sir no one told you to sing our song hi
all right guys I'm running a little late
and I'm trying to see with this work fog
cover it up like they say hey styling
composite on is it going good how are
you
now I don't know now this is to get a
way to get over them this right here is
like super duper ghetto for them so
probably not knocking away this not this
i'ma try this sweater that I have a war
since like three years so let's see how
it looks looks good it's like a wintry
you know wait no this is an American
flat wait yeah ours is so judgmental one
thing Arabs are so judgmental that the
most judgmental people I think if they
see this
people who don't support us you support
the immediate America no American people
huh you don't support us no no no get
out of my office okay I'm you know what
I'm not even gonna child
this is too risky to where you know I'm
saying way too risky they're gonna come
anyway like what you gonna do you gonna
sing oh the Star Spangled Banner oh say
can you get out I found the perfect
perfect shirt to go to this meeting and
I think will fit perfectly
I really hope I really hope this embassy
people do not watch this video of me
dressing up of like trying on this close
to go to the masses oh this is the best
shirt I think I think this is a dope
sure that they were like that'll be
perfect you know they'll it shows that I
love you know like shows a love Arabs
you know what I'm saying so I think I
think that would you guys think you guys
think this is cool
is it cool with a I think the way
actually yeah things would be to cheesy
like is yourself on your Laila I'll yell
out you know what I'm gonna pro now come
on this should be the best outfit this
should be the outfit I just found it and
this should be the outfit then I'm aware
I got my I got my Emirates soap that I
can put on right so I can put this on
yes this will be perfect yes yes yes yes
thing is if I go to the Arab Embassy
meeting like this they're gonna see my
head I think I'm like this is the guy
that came a couple days ago with the
blond hair and he's trying to change up
his look and now he changes here so
maybe I should definitely wear I'm gonna
shut that with a kulfi or whatever you
guys called definitely wear this and
after this I think I'm pretty safe with
this if I don't like this thing about oh
that's it he's a rich Arab we don't get
him he's gonna be good you know that's
it I think
Rilla should probably I think like this
guy I'm seriously about to go like this
not even joke about with like a sweater
on top of it cuz kind of cold and then
with a sweater when I wear sweat on top
of it it'll even it out like you know
this will be too much I guess over the
sweater or even oh I found it right here
leather jacket and then after that
that's it this is it guys this album
goeth I'm gonna be back in a couple
hours and I'll keep you guys updated and
I'll let you guys know what will happen
after what went on after please wish me
and pray for me a charlatan go as well
and thank you guys I'll see you guys and
if you take it I'm just going to a
meeting I'm gonna come back I have to go
to the meeting huh your dad is not yet
dad dad is not here he's not coming back
never he's never gonna come I'm joking
I'm joking I love you everyone I'm just
gonna go to a meeting I'm gonna come
back okay what's up ado me gang so I
just got back from the embassy meeting
and it went so great and having to let
nothing is confirmed yet but I want so
so great and I feel like I was more like
I was more respected I got more like
right not recognized as unlike me to
recognize doesn't like like last time I
last time I went with like my blonde
hair whatever I was I seen it like it's
not like they they were disrespectful to
me when I had blonde there an address
where it's not like they were
disrespectful or they were rude to me
enough like that I just felt neglect
unless you guys know what I mean like
when I had when I came in the way I came
in today I feel like those more body
language was more positive energy around
me that's that's what it is
none of them are no embassy or nothing
like that have given me any like
disrespectful rude comments to me just
because I had like heresy melodica
commenting saying this close your ears
cuz you're here to be honest the only
reason watch it was for my dad and my
dad to change it just so you know that's
that key to success so I did it for the
key success and I did it so I can
continue on to try to work the work with
this and try to like you know get get my
passport and try my best to go to
Ramallah even from a couple days later
and it's like I'm still trying my best
I promise guys I will not give up I will
not give up I promise you till the day I
had my last breath I will never ever
give up a promise in the shell
everything was well but yeah they pretty
much spoke to me they said they're gonna
try to work and get him a passport as
soon as possible I'll always spoke to
them they said everything should be
great and they sure they should be
working on everything right now as soon
as possible with the fasting and once
again thank you guys so much thank you
guys with the video that I did and you
guys spreading all around this is the
reason why I have this is reason why
everything is going well now so forth so
you guys are part of the reso Pat
yourself
tie all yourselves in the back for like
helping me out with this and helping me
trying to go up to I'm not I'm trying to
get my passport so I promise you guys I
will not give up once again I promise
so we're gonna do this together Shiloh
but yeah I'm gonna go out head out to go
chill Tommy simple cos and my nephews up
so let's see how does go oh yeah so it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoy this like if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go turkey I'm
here at what Constance crib Oh with
children and yeah my amazing super
birdhouse for a bit so I'm gonna sleep
over and so shout out to Romeo kostik
you saw my bathroom because enjoy this
video make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go turkey wish me the best please
please please and I'll keep you guys
updated with everything
take care Adobe dank and pitch I like
have you always a feather I'm sure that
let me write them away and okay okay
this would choose a sleigh
you
