yeah have you doing this cold we have to
do it hey guys what's up doing the gang
I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing so my mom my brother
they just left to Saudi Arabia right now
and a lot of you guys are asking why I
didn't go talk to him off at the airport
to be honest I was gonna go but then see
my mom like see my mom like she
seriously broke my heart like she just
started breaking down sort of crying to
me saying I wanted to go with you I mean
she is happy she's going with my other
brother but she wanted to come with me
like I she what seriously like the main
the main thing like like the main before
they was me going with her like for me
like to be with her and like I was been
planning on this whole thing
now I'm not now I'm not going things
like that but I do have an update for
you guys like since you guys are
seriously going hard to help me by the
way thank you guys so much for sticking
by outside and helping me out with
everything but I do have an update I
have to go into the up to the past
office tomorrow hopefully they do give
it back and I have a little like a
little meeting with them and I'm gonna
talk with them and hopefully it does
work out we'll see how it goes but yeah
my dad my dad oh serious my that's so
commbuys it's ok it's ok I DS ok you
don't go you don't have to go don't go
no wonder I'm like that wanna go like
and I need my passport to to travel it's
like places in the future hopefully
Allah I will get it soon and yeah and I
could work it up my dad the first thing
my dad she's looking at me right now
he's giving me a like I he wants me to
do something crazy - he wants me to like
yeah he said I have to do this thing he
wants me to do today he said he's gonna
do it for me so we'll see how it goes
so he said that's probably the first
step for me to go for me to go to I'm
gonna to do it but I don't know anything
as to his I don't know and if any of you
guys are reading whatever like whatever
newspaper articles are trying to say
about me it's all rumors I I don't know
what the hell they were talking about
you got the application for the
applicant listed above has been referred
for administrative review I'm Lawson
hi Rima we missed you so much where dad
where's your dad yeah where's that and
get that they're not here you do that
come with them because I can go ah it
what's up nothing we missed you so much
happy you grew up you're getting older
first now show them how I speak say Adam
say Adam okay yes he Adam Aki say I love
love ah you ah you yeah yeah you yeah
he's at that age where everyone read my
eyes to teach how to say I love you
he's at that age right now say I love ya
say I I love love you you you're ready
old you leave me your big girl you're
not a baby huh he may not a baby so get
out the video Rima you're not a baby so
get out the room
good afternoon huh I'm just joking with
your puppy joking with you go give read
my kiss give me my kiss give me a kiss
go give a kiss no no okay you could give
it to me kick it okay fine
he ever do me again kiss all right
really well sensi imma show you guys a
picture where I look exactly like muscle
like a picture me guess what this is
who's that guess who that is of me no no
who's that
Oh Oh me no no who's the boy the boy
who's it my that's the husband that's me
really that's me Rima when you glitter
you got a big yeah that's me when I was
little look close the elevator
yeah look closely right there listen we
look like twins when you're younger you
look like twins wasn't you like it you
could do what like what he's so cute why
are you such a key oh my god you need to
stop being cute like that if you keep
being cute like that no more vlogs
you're not allowed to be in vlogs say
sorry
huh say sorry okay never mind
what did you say Rima you are in America
you're in America right now you know
that right we might look you're in
America right now
we were the gonna face her face is like
really I am for today so my dad's making
me get something from here and yeah
you drag me home saying he grabbed me he
was like yo better get this thing right
now get home quick as possible we go get
it done I'm like chill dad relax you
know it's not a big issues like don't
get it now and do it so that's what I
got to do here sometimes I try to walk
around like this see if you guys still
spot me stuff but you guys still spot me
what are you doing I got the package
ready to do it you ready ready Rima
ready to do it there's a big spider how
do you see me like this
oh yeah
Rima I live oh yeah what's up guys I'm
here with dad ezel he's about to drink
his medicine ease medicine
it's time after I give my dad as
medicine that's how you know like Tom
gets serious much is trying to copy what
I say that's how you know Tom gets
serious yeah so he is gonna fix up this
right here oh my gosh he's putting on
the gloves ready yeah have you doing his
coat we have to do it no no no I have to
yeah why yeah it didn't look good like
this
let's go have to yeah then why what
would you do for them or you do for
traitors
nah come on
what cool let's go let's quit okay you
guys are not gonna help you out no you
di-in't make him stop
yeah tell him the song yeah good
Rio betrayed me you guys betrayed
me
what does that mean why do you love me
betrayed me Rima help help we all become
feel go ahead let me see
mommy come to engage imitate yeah I'm
sorry was that yeah put some ahead
what's up what's up make it any less
scary man what that messes around so
okay ready yeah the video let's go sir
oh okay don't have to happen yet all
right look you yeah Adam sahabas awesome
very light
and a son oh my god
rainbow go give me napkins feels pretty
will give me tissue I'll put it right
hat is gonna keep me tell me my lady
everybody would tissue oh yeah he'll
have you can make it
how would have to keep it like this
hi guys so it's still in my head my dad
stares he went crazy he said keep it on
for an hour and I'm supposed to keep it
off for 20-30 minutes he's like no keep
extra for an hour you must hear she's
scared of it like don't be scared what's
wrong with you you see look give me a
kiss
why give me that
does it kiss yeah okay you hate me
yes did you say yes yeah do you love me
do you hate me you hate me guys this is
the first time ever that we must at you
she's like she hates me hate me the
blonde and that one you hate me or the
blonde hair and that one so you like the
blonde hair oh you hate this hair
yeah you don't hate me right I'm not a
monster
yeah it's wrong I'm a kept what do you
call me you can see sorry say sorry what
is good look who came to visit me that
my hell own a little big nephew used to
fire so we might I might just show him
for a bit I didn't get to see him I
don't know will you my good idea I know
I know
yeah I thought I was supposed to like
not see him you gotta stay in New York
like a dare to then go but actually I'm
actually happy I'm here can see ball
that sounds like our thing and it's a
bad thing yeah
it is robic three muscle muscle what
I've got so I just got done taking a
shower and I'm actually missing like I
missed I missed my regular hair really
bad actually I didn't notice that - like
- like now when I looked in the mirror I
miss it I missed her so so much I wasn't
gonna die nothing like that my dad was
going crazy my dad's going crazy either
you shave it off all of it right now or
you put it back to your normal haircut
and I'm like you know what I'm gonna
shave my thing bald don't
don't touch me no more front of you
Robin that's a no one good like this I
know boys all day
thank you my daddy hi guys so it's time
to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoy this Viper did make sure give it a
thumbs up and go turkey go extra thumbs
up and the homie so I'm just texting me
say good night boy your nights limit so
give it an extra thumbs up go turkey do
me gang thank you guys so so much for
all your love and support always take
about my side for always second off
Missy and seeing all you guys support
and literally like going hard for me
it means the world thank you guys so so
much from the bottom are I appreciate it
and I appreciate every single one you
guys inshallah everything works well
all you're down all my dog or my mom's
do I go going to I'm gonna right now
with all my dad's done every single
every does hopefully gets accepted and
my child everything goes well button
that I'll see you guys tomorrow do me a
take care or pitch play I'm here for you
always in fact I promise you that
let me write them away and okay this
what chooses
