oh I am so so stressed but what's up
Adobe gang I hope you are having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing it so I'm having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
amazing day so I have a really really
really big issue if you guys do not know
the past few vlogs I have been talking
about me going to Saudi Arabia with my
mom and my brother and it's been like my
mom's dream my dream to go like Omar
with my mom that's like a bucket list in
mind everything since I was younger was
going was going to um it up with my mom
going with her going around the kaabah
with my mom taking her around you know
having her hold onto me and I go that
it's like it's like my biggest dream
doing that and so far I was so happy
everything was going so well until today
I went I went to the passport place
I wanted to the passport place to go try
to get my passport back because my
passport was put under investigation or
under administration review power
however they call it so first of all we
work we brought our visas and all and
everything together they gave my mom's
visa back for the Saudi Arabian they
gave my mom's visa back they gave my
brother's visa back real quick easy and
quick for mine they didn't accept it do
not know why they have it said no reason
they didn't want to give me any any
reason so I'm trying to get to like the
point like why are they why are they
doing this I have my flight to Saudi
Arabia is in about 18 hours like
literally believe in that night right
now it's about 1:00 2:00 a.m. well even
in about if if I even get my will even
at nighttime I brought my camera into
the past but I was gonna vlog like what
goes on and show you guys what's
happening why is this going on I was
gonna vlog the whole adventure there but
they didn't allow my camera and they
didn't allow me till I feel nothing at
all so I'm like you know what I'm just
gonna make it rant about it at home and
let the world know what is happening
because they've got me stuck there for
about four or five hours for just just
for just stupid stuff they're making me
go somewhere else guys I'm so sorry that
I'm here like venting to you guys and
everything like that but we have to like
I don't know I don't know like I feel
like I have to tell you guys in the
power of like you too but I think we'll
work to get me like to go with my mom so
right now I'm not allowed to go one
person tell
the reason the guy in the front desk for
the passport they're like oh Adams Adams
passport ran out of pages so he needs to
get a new one I want to go get a new one
okay we're gonna give him a new one
they didn't give me the no.1 they're
like no he's put under administration
review and I'm like okay why am i being
put under like like I'm nervous agent me
come do something that isn't done
they're like oh no someone told me that
because I'm the places you want a
Pakistan Uganda London like 30 times all
these places they want we want to know
why you want to like all these places so
I'm like okay just cool if you want to
know why I want six places you can see
mine YouTube you can see what I did in
Uganda you can see what I did in
Pakistan you can see what I did there
and then they're like no we don't want
to see nothing on YouTube we just want
to like do like a background check they
don't want to tell me the reason I don't
know they're not telling me anything and
that's what's making it so much worse
like why why aren't they even allowed me
for anything I need to like I need a go
like this is so embarrassing you guys do
not know how embarrassing this is a
couple months back I went with my mom I
went with Imam Kasim if you guys are on
Kasim he's one of the most nicest the
most humble Imams I've ever met in my
life I want on with him with the TV show
and he gave me remember that I won the
the Amida ticket at the former ticket
he also not not just give me a tick he's
giving my mother a ticket he's given my
brother a ticket I'm seriously like he's
given he's given to mail up bless your
soul and on Kasim and this is so
embarrassing he already like got booked
the tickets the hotels and everything
and if this happens basically if I can't
go like he paid a ticket for no reason
he booked ticket everything for no
reason so it's just I'm seriously in a
situation where I do not know what to do
like I went to the passport office I was
there for hours just for them to tell me
oh go to the place where you paid the
guy to get a professor passport so I go
to the guy I'm like look man like am I
gonna get my passwords are you gonna get
it tomorrow you've been seeing tomorrow
for the past two weeks like you seem
suspicious you're not telling me like
what's going on so I had my lawyer
contact the guy he spoke to him and then
they did a man tell my lawyer either
because it's federal business or
something like that I'm under
administration review and then I met
this guy who told me that oh I don't
know if he's well he told me he watched
my videos he told me he's a fan or
whatever like that but
he works somewhere one thing and he told
me all because they don't use like
Saudis don't like people don't like
people like you answering their country
then I swear oh my I was gonna flip I
feel like this is a test from a lot so
for me to like flip out or not because I
got stuck in Chicago and I was gonna get
ready to flip out in the airport people
and the airport people because I was
flipping out but then I calm down I was
chillin for like was a test and this
happened again no once he said that to
me like how how you gonna say something
like that says every every Saudi person
I met they're so so nice so sweet so
humble so chill seriously so calm and
then this guy I don't know where he's
from but he told me that shadow to my
face like you guys do not how tempted I
was about to go slim on him like I was
about dude I didn't know what to do I'm
like you know what I just have thought
you know I'm just leaving never like
that 20 minutes later mom calls me
should go back in try to like you know
get to the point try to get your try to
get your passport I to go and I'll go
back in I'm like like man like can you
seriously tell me what's going on like
no we can't he told me nose usually when
stuff like this happened we can't tell
you we're not allowed to tell you the
reason but usually you know sometimes
inside you government we don't don't
like people like you who go in and you
know do all this YouTube stuff or
something like oh my gosh this is so
like it's so like I don't know I'm just
speechless I'm too speechless and the
reason why I'm making this video because
I'm leaving in about 12 to 14 hours what
I don't know and somehow if I make this
video and if the the Saudi embassy
ceases please I'm watching this I want
to go to Saudi with my mom just to
perform Umrah
so please if anything I was watching
this if you can give me a speedy a
speedy covering for Saudi embassy a visa
to go in I would appreciate it truly
truly appreciate it what would make not
just me happy will make my mom so so
happy who's who's who's old and and his
hurt and stuff like that I want to be
there for her has been my dream so
that's just pretty much that's pretty
much all I can say and that's pretty
much why I didn't vlog and I've been
really really mad lately but it's all
good every time so my dad's calm he
calmed me down a chill out
I'm just calm just mad because like
they're not telling me what's that
what's going on just tell me tell me
straight up don't don't hide anything I
don't mind whatever reason is if I if I
can't go cuz cuz because of that reason
okay that's it but like why are you not
tell I don't know I'm not blaming anyone
here I'm not seeing anything here but I
don't know hopefully I do get it by now
they told me the last option is about
twelve odd form flight go to the past
for a place again
tell them the issue again if you want
going with your lawyer and let them
speak or something like that and then
you can probably get it and if you're
lucky pop you get it and if you're lucky
you get the saudi visa ASAP and you go
in but to be honest as of now it is not
looking like I'm going down I'm not even
allowed to go but if I get lucky and
shuttle lunch on my cello or your deaf I
get lucky I do like if I do go I'll get
extra that's like that's like a miracle
from Allah so because it's seriously
like a slim some chance for me to even
go right now I'd even know what to do
about it anymore
I'm just yeah I don't know yeah that's
it I don't know I don't know I'm that
she got me keep you guys updated on my
Twitter so if you guys want to go to my
Twitter I'm gonna make out a tweet
around around what 5 p.m.
5 4 5 p.m. and I'll let you guys know if
I'm going or if I'm not and I'll keep
you guys updated with what why the
reason if I do not go and why would be
the reason if I do go so yeah I hope
this video reaches you guys now over
this video even reaches out the freaking
whole embassy the whole visa if you guys
watching this look I want to go make
Umbra with my mom please allow me in
your country please allow me a bit to
start arabia 2011 simple easy i wanted i
got the visa was so quick abdullah so
quick and now seeming like i don't know
to be honest I don't know but I'll end
it here um if you guys can do me gang
please spread the word to like I don't
know who the few we know or someone's
Twitter who decided these up so I don't
know spread your word out someone and if
you can spread this video to them and
show them that I do want to go perform
that with my mom and I do
I love six have so much love sorry you
guys I don't know like the country the
aircraft are watching me the most is
Saudi Arabia like they show so much love
a so some they're like like like oh my
god I show so much love to them they
always like show so much love back to me
so I appreciate you guys so much and I
really hope I can go in there and farm
bath with my mom thank you guys so much
take care of them again peace like I'm
here for you
always in fat promise you that those
tears let me write them away okay
this what choose to say
