what's going on guys phase drum here and
to my right I have Adam Saleh say what's
up what is up guys are familiar with him
he makes blogs and pranks so he's out
here in California until February 6th
and we decide to collab and this should
be really really fun today are you guys
the baby food challenge and here's Lynn
Adams French guys alone I am Lawrence my
friend you guys not familiar with them
and yeah so this how the main food
Shawn's works we have all the baby food
right here and Adam and I are gonna be
blindfolded and slim and Lawrence are
going to take a spoonful of the same
baby food and give it to out of the
night and we're gonna have to guess what
baby food flavor is and last time we had
being through well when your babies I
was like oh yeah I was like maybe my
mom's I think so uh
wicks-lim is really scared of Bosley
let's get lunch
he's a little kid hi so we're gonna get
the child started here we're gonna get
our blindfolds on and warrants and so
we're gonna decide which flavor to give
us first and first person to five points
wins by the way oh my gosh in that point
are you ready Adam I'm not ready this is
really hard and fiddly eat I am NOT even
gonna be here say good nine it should
focus no I think we have options
oh we got some is yeah yeah it doesn't
work out ever has the most points at the
end wins
so while the game in its active oh
they're both yeah he's just trying to
protect them no others - fun seems like
what I did
very good okay I'm just kidding
he just said I'll be going oh my god she
blow blow
I got it yeah yeah you see oh no no I
can't see anybody
why because ah somebody thought behind
there's no tires you take this it's so
dire comedians from a no that's cool
yeah it's good it's good I got your fire
my way so you guys got the same flavor
right no I'm scared okay all right
early wait a minute yeah worry
oh I swallowed it
oh she's woken yes yes all right make a
green piece pretty sure oh my god did we
go like like something about it yeah
like a multiple-choice I quote flavor
taste I'm bad I guess I'm crying about
you oh yeah I'm sorry I guess I'm just
oh yes I'll say a mom I'll say young man
I'm saying your potatoes what it was a
pea green green one special to be hope
you guys have green bean green beets
happy oh I get it Chris right yeah oh
man what one and I take the blindfold
off for a sec like way too tight all
right
come to rug one Adam sergeant I got
about you ready Oh
that's awesome oh we should've got this
isn't pacified yeah all right
hey please be good by blacks I put so
much Nova so much all right feel like I
became sick a little until I go a little
huh all right oh no oh lord if this is a
lot
no it's not so you guys all right
oh yeah oh my gosh your phone please
don't know Turkey and rice Turkey and
gravy
oh yeah I get it yes or not it wasn't
guess like first right way he's been
food for like I shouldn't water anyway
you should all return to green up
no no whatever I ate some water oh my
god that's so nasty well there's more oh
I don't know I have it's a rainbow
Oh what do you want games more food oh
my brown three-drug - as you
after I got washes ready the nice big
spoonful I don't yeah oh yeah yeah you
should be put all right open ah okay
yeah hi oh yes we told you don't go oh
where's my water
blended care we know I don't care what's
in your head then holla Cameron's
tasteless clothes bugs it's going down
so two to one was over
all right round four take a good flavor
please yeah rolling up more yeah
all right ready good one first off
thanks so much is the animals know is
this a weird potatoes yeah baby food Oh
No let's do the one ready yeah round
five round five road three Adam won this
close this out really so pull up this
one feel like this you're not dating to
stop no l10n much doesn't handle right
there by the hammock I like it's not
baby food
stop you don't get any give you ideas
take you didn't it
I already know what you're talking about
no I swear to God okay I'll tell ya
after this rap but this is what go get
some good pudding
your your package is video I was think I
know
do it since you said that because I
think it wasn't Adams video or snapchat
with your eating lobster yeah tastes
like my booty oh I just swallowed it
right now it's gonna get so damn good
six likes it is like baby so it is so oh
my god dollars show you four to one
right now ready because you can make it
come so he got the voices you give the
hit that's one number happy human he
took the hit mr. big fan
oh my god Wow a cheetah that fits load
ready you wanted actually yeah it's like
that haha
social of these like each other too well
every time up so we're not now when you
put it on my wife um I don't know Mom
don't like putting like we're like these
trips on these alright like neat alright
Oh banana
oh yeah oh yeah that's not sad oh really
good times really good okay
some spilled on me right yeah yeah order
- how old are you - yeah I said it
specifically looking for another Bowl
Indiana summer fall Bobby just crying
wants to attack you soon all right come
on said everybody's head here with you
know I hope you didn't put a lot I got
you keep putting so much I got ready
yeah just like put it one huh Nana's my
apples no there you go chicken roses I'm
saying that was this so we play one of
the other ones I mean what it's not
gonna hold oh yes I've had it before so
I'm greedy sweet potato no Turkey no we
got use the same one and yeah we're
macaroni cheese No
no more damn it okay
43 all right oh wait what is it four to
three yeah Northridge is making a
comeback
okay come on round eight something at
home you got home important good enough
for three all right all right yeah come
on over
I'm through to one out oh it's not good
smells good
I have no yeah sure whatever
I'm Victoria oh my god in PC yeah I
can't see any blood I'm like oh you're
the worst fear ever winner raised on
sits out of Austin and his friend slim
Lawrence targeting of them us two full
of our choosing
then give me the pen this is out there
next up your mac and cheese it does get
in it a little of this with two
different really bad okay I love you
uh-huh the fries are good Oh Bosley
almost attacks with him one two three
oh the or sort of in at least a little
bit of yeah there we go alright stop you
know I know oh hey oh alright I hope you
guys enjoyed that baby food challenge
with Adam Lawrence and slim guns if you
sure to drop a like and be sure to check
out Adams channel description
Slim's channel and my buddy Lawrence
channel this is a great video to make
and we're also making a real language
rather on Adams channel so be sure not
gonna style me in the description one
goes up and yeah over that and rug Louis
see you guys at sea and swim peace out
Oh
