I do not know where to start but hey
guys what's up do me yank I hope you all
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so about having an
amazing day you guys should be having an
amazing actually I'm not you guys should
know by now
some days I'm not having a good day like
today I messed up big big time but I'll
start from zero till then I'll let you
guys know what happened from beginning
to end
alright so we left San Francisco ready
to go to New York City back home I'm
ready to CEO The Addams Family everybody
see mustn't ream on everything and if
you guys would I know we had a we had a
connecting flight from Chicago to
Chicago from San Francisco to Chicago
and we wait in Chicago for about I
believe an hour then after that we go to
New York shanty nursing flight was
delayed by like 3040 minutes because
there was mechanical problems with the
air with the airplane we had so they
switched us to another airplane so it
was 30 minutes late so I mean you had
only 30 minutes for the connecting
flight and stuff like that
so we go in the plane for from San
Francisco you get to Chicago and then um
this announcement was made out loud it
was they were like um whoever knows
Arabic can you please help out this lady
who just doesn't know who doesn't know
any English and then no one no one to
harm other than me not not even barely
knows Arabic that so I saw the lady she
was on like this uh wheelchair and I
seen her as like my mom like so I was I
seen her struggling so much I seen her
I'm I don't know if you guys can see I
was some actually blogged a little bit
of it from his black bloc camera so I'll
show it here I'll show it like somewhere
in between I'm always here port hello
ahead
Julie speaks Arabic so Adam translated I
could have helped Belkin I can't speak
with shit so he carried her over here
give her a whole of stuff she can't walk
we want to be
a lot of difficulty
I do not even know why she was traveling
alone because she seemed really old and
like really sick but she was such a
little lady and I felt so bad I mean was
either mean slim running to have flight
or helping the lady and then I don't
know where she probably end up so me
some literally decided to help out the
lady we helped her out with translator
for what help her to go get her baggage
claim we helped her go get one of her
like stickers she had for the airplane
her boarding pass moved out there she
was literally like my mommy I felt like
she was all alone like my mom and she
needed someone need help so yeah
shout-out to seriously for making my day
but then we ended up missing our flight
which which forced us to stay here like
we're stuck here in Chicago until Monday
and then everyone on Twitter is asking
us like yo um why don't you guys do a
meet-and-greet why don't you I'll do
that but thing is we didn't know we're
gonna be here we didn't know who were if
we didn't know we're gonna be here would
have been like playing like a hole
meeting your plan anything but we don't
we don't know how to plan nothing we
just got here about promised you guys oh
my Chicago homies we will do something
in here and if I meet you
me any of you guys in the street I'll
meet you guys say without but we really
do want to play something but it's like
we don't have nothing planned we'll
leave in Monday and and in a couple days
Tuesday and Wednesday I'm leaving
straight to to Saudi Arabia so it's like
a lot going on also we've been playing
something at Chicago called my mom I was
like mom I missed my flight
she was like why I told the story that
she's like okay hey baby um she started
like giving me a like a like a leash
week oh yeah how you gonna let me I'll I
told her I'm like oh yeah a lot really
okay cool thank you mom and I'm just on
the phone like okay okay okay okay so we
looked for a place took us about four or
five hours in front found a place
finally found a place to sleep so check
it out for four hours because um we had
no place booked here so since we came
out we had nothing book had to look
around everything was sold out Super
Bowl weekend everything was hard to stay
we found a place having Aladdin we got
we got here we got here by the way my
whole black camera was dead
my whole back here was only someone was
on but my old flat camera was dead um we
got here to the hotel I opened my laptop
this is the part where I messed up
big-time I opened up I opened
my laptop I start like trying to like
edit this other video that I was gonna
have the week after I put this like a
prank that then I pulled the week after
and then it was memory full right so I
needed to delete some stuff so I ended
up deleting some stuff at least some
finished memory card and some like that
and like an idiot I did not know what I
was deleting I was doing I thought stuff
like I didn't need enough like that and
all of a sudden I deleted the freaking
collab I did with the homie face rug
Brian with the homie Brian but Jeff I
feel like seriously guys I feel like
punching myself I like kicking myself I
feel like crap god I didn't know - I
panicked face the creasing is a face
before face right Brian texting me like
20 minutes later have to happen I'm like
oh my god oh my gosh like I was I didn't
know what to do because I worked so hard
editing the video I worked so hard
adding the whole video I worked or in
the whole video we did this crazy like
would you rather like damn we cut a
piece of bride's hair we cut a piece of
phase runs hair like I did $1,000 I
didn't hundred push-ups in the video we
ate beach Brian a mayonnaise I'm just
telling you guys are just a lot of crazy
stuff hop in the video and it sucks like
I did everything and it was everything
is perfectly ready to be up and then
that happened it's like what the heck
baths always come to me like like oh my
god like oh my god
it's all good even though you stressed
so much it doesn't matter you know shit
happens and it goes on you know and then
I I'm here I do daily vlog so I got to
tell you guys my life I got to tell you
guys what goes on with me and everything
like that so that's what basically
happened so I decided to do this just to
show my love back to the homie Brian
phase Road I am gonna be upload the chat
the baby food challenge the collab we
did together he uploaded his channel I'm
gonna upload it on my channel here so if
you guys can please please please go to
the video to the link below or it'll be
uploaded on this channel just go to it
give it a thumbs up extra thumbs up
because I just wanna I want you guys do
me getting to show so much love to homie
Brian as much as you know his fans and
his viewers subscribers show love to me
so I want you guys do me get to show
love the same mind 11 if you guys didn't
watch the video comment as if you didn't
watch the video so we can make me feel
better
yeah this isn't like the first time
something like this happens you were
like footage gets deleted in some like
that and it's a horrible feeling cuz you
worked so hard at it and you edited and
it's just gone like nothing like it's
literally erased like nothing could come
back but other than that my day was
still like my day was still made because
of the other later we helped like we I
didn't end up see nothing was her son
like that her son Rocky was the name was
the same name as me give this a thumbs
up leave a comment and tomorrow
um yeah back to the docks and daily vlog
and Chicago I mean it I mean it's not a
bad thing where Chicago I mean I'm
excited but like yeah don't explore
Chicago he knows everyone else what you
got I'll see you guys tomorrow
dummy egg take care give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey and peace I like I'm here
for you always in fact I'm sure that
they me right away
okay this would choose to say
you
