hey guys what's up a new me hang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day
you shouldn't have a great day puppet
I'm here with the one and only a mere
King come on see what's up what's up
guys
you
yes so today I decided to be here with
him and California to interview him
about his next big fight in May 7th so
yeah
semis a big fight you know Canelo is
he's a tough guy
either he's like good like he's like
Elvis I heard in here in Mexico is a
huge huge name over there how how did
you keep that like how did you keep that
quietly how did you come out of nowhere
oh yeah I mean you just came out of
nowhere like yeah on my way
unexpected man it was a mean speak to
Oscar for last a couple months and she
mentioned it to you one time he said
look what do you think of like no and I
said ah maybe he's too big but then when
I sat down I thought that yes I look
he's not the quickest I'm quicker than
him I got better movement the only thing
he's got his power and the way abs you
know what Donna thought I think it makes
sense you know me being someone like him
if tomorrow you're fighting at 155
pounds and WBC title and is that you
fighting that's your natural weight it's
a natural way that walk we're not and
I'm always happy a trainer that way as
well so I came to you last two fights
with Alexander and Algieri and I noticed
that the Americana for Alexander you
still gotta be careful to hear speed but
he just what you don't just wasn't the
same americanus what I'll dream what had
its moments but not able to put a mirror
on it
it's always hard you know to motivate
yourself sometimes because you can't
always find the a game and one thing
about me is uh when I've got tough tests
in front of me I'm gonna train even
harder and I'm gonna work harder because
we want to win the fight and I and I had
someone to proving those fights like the
Alexander fight whereas in the last
fight against Algeria you know I knew I
can win that fight I'm going to went in
that thinking I you know I'm gonna walk
through this fight is going to be an
easy fight but then obviously he came in
like he wanted to win the fight and I
made it a tough fight yeah I could have
made an easy fight but no disrespect to
Algeria on a great fight money okay he
come to the ring that night and he only
had one thing in his mind which was I'm
gonna win this fight yeah and it's
always hard to be a guy who believes in
himself so you're fighting afternoon MGM
at unum GM how do you feel about you
know knowing that they were there that
you know used to always bring show us
today
um it's gonna be wicked oh yeah this set
is the MGM it's called t-mobile Stadium
so it's a new stadium it's not like it's
pod engine ice why don't you know but
it's devastating not as though so I
think it's gonna be outdoor everything I
think holes about 20,000 people I want
to have the first fight there yeah I
think that's history on its own you know
so that's gonna be crazy yeah my son
can't wait for that it's gonna be
amazing
and it's gonna be on Cinco DeMayo I know
he can I will go so much so many fans
no I trust me if we can take over it's
not that it's gonna be compressed gas it
we're seven yeah teamkhan army will be
crazy I'm up in New York with the Chris
Algieri fight yeah it was wonderful this
one it was crazy I think you've loved
the Alexander files yeah I felt like I
felt like I was like packs and to
cadaques like flags and I was like he's
different when you go to a fight
watching on TV is good but when you go
to an actual fighting the like the
atmosphere and anything is different but
TV is good but what is life it's a
better you can fight yourself
I mean something I can yeah good boxes
up I've never fought maybe I want
accepted I mean nothing nothing ever
want to do that and I don't mean we
could do it if like you know I have like
two head gears on a pillow and avoid one
D would be normally way would you walk
crap away but like 130 is nice my W out
probably hundred they try to be fine so
you have someone holiday no so on I can
we can meet again so on the night we can
make misery relief so tell us a story I
made with her tracer for two years and
it never happen ever lovin one what
mainly we've been we've been trying to
get a fight fight and negotiate with his
team
negotiation negotiation will go well
without Heyman my advisers on and so
close to put the middle it just didn't
seem to want it I think he just was
scared because you know stylistically
I'm a very bad fight for him of a speed
of a movement of undressing aggression
now with me whether he's get on the bed
get a little bit older no he's not got
the same work rate as he had before so
he's gonna Bobby think you know why do i
why I'm here gonna make me work yeah I
just think you escaped a Kia we also
refused as we heard in Freddy
ready watch machining this video and
what do you think of that
y-yeah Patti oh no man I mean I think
these guys well yes fine I feel like
yeah I feel like both of them in with
their packet they're just back in Rick
you're the only one that's challenging
that's the only one man John keep it
safe what would you say has been the
hardest puncher you have fun I think the
hardest puncher 4 is probably Madonna
because and I mean you don't believe I'm
not like when if I happen I don't
remember nothing from like soon as a
pelvic for the last round and then to
the next morning uppercut lands for my
god uppercut lands for Maidana
Oh heat right hand by Khan I don't want
nothing like other anyway everything was
fine like my friends told me like my
friends are satisfactory
we got 59 who sat there listening and
you were talking about the fight and
anything I don't know anything I don't
body remember when I went better than I
do for my when my steep straightaway
when I told nice but when I woke up in
the morning so you know sometime when
you get hit with big shots yeah box in
the top spot man and when he get hit
with big pointers bro that's not
sometimes happens you get like they all
say Kell Brook has a punch but now that
you're fighting Canelo would you say
that you've answered all the critics I
think that one said all the critics a
big time because do all sales get a cup
I got in Somalia who is a ten-ton badnik
hell yeah yeah and more dangerous than
Cal Booker
he's harder than implant is quicker than
him I'm the world all-round better
fighter
Bullock we try to negotiate with Cal
Brooke I'll speak to anything my team
spoke to him I mean I met a man in in
Liverpool and he said to me um look I'm
here unite you and you Kalbach on fight
you can make up to tangle you can make
around about 10 million quid in a fight
a million pounds and I'm like really
he goes yeah so I said so then what I
said to look let's make if I happen soon
as I last met the fire but nothing I
call his bluff because he then sigh
saying oh the chrony offer you half of
what they often yeah now why are we
going when is the 10 M gone that you
offered me yeah I go look if you guys
are messing me
rather you be straight with me instead
of using my name all the time said I'm
here scared and selling all the fights
on my young yeah baka my name's ed I'm
here scared so we have to fight another
guy
no disrespected these other guys is fine
but they're not really on that level
that you should be make the world
champion is a world title why he should
be facing the top guy that keep them and
you know top names in boxing but didn't
know so I mean like you don't hear kal
group call it me or they don't hear the
other call caller Alvarez or call that
Manny Pacquiao it McDonald tell bookies
it's like boxing drama and YouTube job
let's say there's always more than that
you can live in YouTube look yeah no way
there's one person who like uses your
name to like to like get like PR like
what happens I think it's in every face
in every field in do you get this a lot
like with your own people like when you
win everyone wants to know you and
everything but when you lose people
aren't there yeah and in my career I've
lost two fights to three to our fights
on um that's come a time where you know
you've got everyone around you anything
and everyone wants to know you and it
wants to be party and that should really
hit like a you know you hit a wall and
people like oh he lost is fine and you
see a lot of people who just disappear
yeah so I see my dear I seen myself
cause if anybody did a fake one yard
then I but it's just I'm just a nice guy
that what happens those same people come
back yeah yeah like after you win one
two three four fights you in a volatile
again so come back
not gonna do all remember me bro long
time we'll see ya then summer happens
again then they on against or locates
nothing it's like any sports like every
wake up you're always gonna have people
who are wanting to we're gonna stay with
you - good and bad and there's some
gonna be people gonna be there for you
only for the good times yeah but look I
respect the people who always there for
me in the bad time because know what
about a few channel of our by puppies he
seriously way tonight I just came in I
took little I just wanted it like I just
went and he just gave me like boxing
gloves shirt is for you look my mom you
do good thing he's good
because you know I mean you have to be
good I said I said like what watching
down oh noes I'm if you do good things
God reward you know the way ISM and as I
see you do love Charlie work and do a
lot of good things as you know it
wouldn't work because we have to do
these things because you know one day we
have done so to God if you could fight
anyone who would it be if I could fight
anyone um obviously flood Mayweather
would be one guy um one guy who always
won't see just to see how good he was
and I'm a big fan of his for Sugar Ray
Leonard actually well yeah yeah and
because he was such a good good fighter
and I like to see how good he was like
by being in the ring with him
see how fast was he because he was very
quick as well so I wanna see if he was
quicker if he if he if he was skillfully
was we are very similar styles so I'd
love to see what how he fought before
you say no I think he just loved you
often quite tough with me on the
shoulder okay Chella
in May 7th if you come out victorious
and what's next for a mere card like
what would be next may sound - this is
gonna be a tough come and in San
Francisco so I'm going to be focusing
training very hard but then after that
I'm just gonna have a little break my
family and I spent time with my sir you
know she's so needy probably a bit you
know when I'm away like away from
weather we've got to spend time
examining training company focus turn
away from my wife everything but well
look you wanna spend time with them you
know spend some quality time and also
then go back to you kids to your family
as well yeah brothers and sisters
everyone it's always good to just be
around your you know you just the area
that you used to be over here like the
whole chin and everything now that so
first thing I'll be doing is going
straight home but then it's Ramadan is
coming up - so then we got back on with
on top yeah I do like time I'm gone well
you don't wanna see right I think one
actually I stuff so this one is going to
be the Quickfire you just gotta answer
like I right away all right
so chocolate vanilla chocolate um coffee
or tea coffee may with our con come
Nando's or in-and-out burger
none of those all right UK American UK
147 or 155 at 147 fair elo boxing
ah can I pick one to you Oh talk what
about it yes yeah okay uh rebuff that
before that call my even I could have
that's a title Twitter or Instagram
today Twitter and um Bolton Renoir C
Bolton oh yeah how was it
hope you guys enjoyed it and that's one
give you a shout out to my man make on
it's crazy how when I was younger like
I've been looking up to you like all
yours on out here I'm gonna making a
video not don't say thank you so some
other things as well month holders head
no definitely whatever May seventh I
want anyone who's like around when
you're on come to my seventh I'll be
there he'll be there everyone is going
to be they say going to Vegas all your
needs yet is support so which I love all
of you guys support it'll be a
successful match so I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care like better peace
have you always in favor
I'm strapped full tit let me write them
away okay this would choose the sleigh
