hey guys what's up adieu me gank from
the Bay Area I hope you guys are having
an amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm have an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
day today we are in the streets of the
Bay Area looking for the bay in a bay if
we're gonna be hanging out vlogging
around San Jose Santa Clara and the area
and we're gonna head to San Francisco
probably probably tomorrow because I
want it to be like sunny when we go
there so we can go to the Golden Gate
Bridge that big bridge like I don't know
why pass a mystical reminds me so much a
full house like brings me back memories
because full house I believe it was
filmed there and I was one of my
favorite favorite TV shows so I want to
go there when it's sunny so you can see
like blue skies today super cloudy so I
don't want to see like like you know
like a depressing like background a dope
sunny backgrounds it's still gonna be
dope flag we won't be out San Jose to
Santa Clara Santa Baby I don't know yeah
so come on you guys are not know some
cut his hair and he doesn't like it but
I like it it's like a nice little buzz
cut but his hair is blue and it's
turning purple show me again shall I
make him show me you come on you look
like a smurf we are now way to downtown
San Jose so should be hopefully should
be nice in a trial town really huh we're
on our way to downtown San Jose hey I'm
looking for a bay oh my god being
rappers oh okay that way we're going to
downtown San Jose I want to see the
difference between downtown San Jose
downtown New York City cuz every
downtown should be dope you know what
I'm saying so we're gonna head down
there and see how it goes so this is
downtown San Jose looks alright but it
looks kind of like really dead it's like
no one's here
what's going on how is this downtown I
don't know I feel like if we go out was
just not gonna be like 90 fun hopefully
we'll try we'll make a fun room sighs
I'm ready this is not the fun by having
some food but we can't have fun without
food yeah we go get some food then we'll
have some fun are I so I need to make
sure this is downtown there's literally
nothing excuse me is this downtown San
Jose yeah this is downtown why is nobody
out here
excuse me is this downtown San Jose is
downtown set up so it was the phone app
man was hearing hey that's the main has
to put it guy remember like show me some
is always but enough for me huh New York
I don't know like a place was
there's gonna be a look down there and
take a left on second and it's your
right that's where all the block people
know what we're gonna go to where the
two he will said both of them said
there's a crazy thing going on so see it
you're like that trade us I don't know
this street what the heck
like that dream train in the middle
street I before we go to that spot want
to go to this couch in this shop I know
it sounds like some nice big Oracle oh
hi good luck
just came for two minute break yeah that
okay thank you man
everyone's looking at us like on some
kind of weirdos because you know we've
never seen like stuff like this one from
the East Coast we're used to all like
the fast life and everything serious
social suburban I Sarah but I like this
area right I like this this one like so
we're getting some macaroni cheese
good
Oh Sims real sport is ping-pong it's not
basketballs no I be Adam every spoiler
mitosis where it is they give me so much
left that's like always bugs me is boxes
notice on that and every sport are you
Adam everything pink wash everything
yeah we're joking around but that was
good but I was I chose this place is so
dope they got a lead in here ping pong
games here oh I'm so good
Steve what was it our day
rolling ahead remember that I've been to
one into my life
we tended together
I must see what stops it sit over there
yes yes what's up San Jose today so
today I got with two people Michele but
it's all good I love you guys so much
you know even says two people was good
come on baby hellos here let me wipe it
a company called cooking sandwiches ice
cream cooking so much on that they don't
have them in New York for my being a
mistake okay I'll say when I'm live
movie you need two guys are not a Muslim
speak Arabic English and pig latin movie
pig like you and like this is like a
secret me no speak 100% like pig latin
literally floating that's Lee I'll take
in a egg pay a delay how hey art a oh
yay only I'm for good again email I'm
late okay to the fool take the chemo
will take for state a game I know yeah
okay thank you thank you thank you hey
great so much this is so thing this is
so sick look at this they need these in
New York Wow whose sandwich I would say
look guys I met this really really cool
fan and I want you guys to meet it so
it's right here bad boys this is dope
it's fitting the so sick so we left that
car in the meter for an hour I want to
go chill for about two three hours we're
gonna check if we have a ticket and it
looks like we just gotta take a guy 30
bucks no way
tell me Lizzy here so I painted shit
fuck this new paint out up in it okay
let me praise it I'll finish it
fuck me anyways no we're gonna do this
ticket now we're gonna do what's up guys
I just got back to the apartment some
right now is outside on his date while
I'm here I'm only in the apartment so
that's what I'm gonna do imma show you
guys it's crazy body transformation that
I can do in one hour so it's going to be
a one-hour body transformation let's do
this you guys ready show you guys how to
do it okay it's called muscle confusion
muscle confusion I haven't worked out
for so long then i'ma work out as hard
as I can for an hour and you guys can
see a crazy huge transformation
literally like a crazy huge
transformation as long as I work out
hard do it
I just got done eating so long belly
I feel like I've been working on foot
I guys it is time to wrap up this blog I
hope you'll enjoy the bike for dead
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey tomb raider do me if you guys
watching this I want you all to give it
a thumbs up happy wait a few guys right
now how about this I waited wanna fight
come on let's go
if you don't get this thumbs up you will
fight huh
it's a cafe thing you guys singing
thumbs up hope you guys enjoy my holy
fires everyday Bay Area I will see you
guys sorry I had a long road we got
Barry I'll see you guys Friday and and
I'm gonna have to sleep because I am a
loner tonight so hope you guys take care
be safe and I'll see you guys tomorrow
with another daily vlog take care or
peace I like here for you always in flat
promise you that bullshit
then wipe em away ok this would choose
say
you
