you have a lighter real quick we're just
trying to get a real quick smoke hey
guys what's up and do me gang this is
Adam Sal I'm with my cousin slim slim
slim say what up what's sad man do me
gay I'm telling slim the confession and
literally like two days it's getting you
up Saturday December 16th I did not plan
on hyping it up or anything this is just
a personal confession it's not that big
but I feel like it's really big because
if I haven't told you something for six
years and I'm gonna tell it to you and I
decided to say it on camera
then that's where the hype came from how
do you think I'm a reactive man I think
slim is gonna be like why didn't you
tell me man you see like I don't know
like don't worry man
I don't know like don't worry man wow
that's a better hey what's up man
chillin
means I'm about to have a boxing fight
with one glove each if I get three hits
he's gonna play me 30 seconds of his new
song but who do you think is gonna win
okay okay slew three hits we're gonna do
body it's when I can do the face because
you know come on Adam
okay okay do we get that song that is
dumb guys do you guys see that lady with
the dogs right there now lady just saw
me filming but she's a dog babysitter
and she was babysitting like seven dogs
and she's literally screaming that one
dog like hey come and then she's
screaming at another dog she's literally
yelling and cursing out all the dogs
movies all she got yeah she got a lot of
dogs you can't really see it my thing is
widescreen so I feel scared right now
scary man this is why I don't let my
family bring babysitter's you know to
babysit Rima Moss and Dena Jamel and
you're I'm their babysitter man I'm
scared what if like what if a babysitter
does something bad so you're fat oh my
god how do you want to think about that
I'll be so scary I always babysit my
family I'll let slipknot found on this
can't even say no to my family but
you're a baby yourself this is the
problems in New York City whenever you
walk in the sidewalk there's rats like
really big rats New York City is known
for their rats like huge rats they look
just like slim like you have to walk in
the sidewalk they're usually in the
garbage is here right now we're about to
go to Party City Mawson's favorite spot
I want to buy a Santa Claus costume
because I'm planning on doing something
with it guys I'm looking for a Santa
Claus costume I don't know it's when I
get I like blue the thing is I want a
real Santa Claus rad guys just wait till
Christmas time I'm bringing prank week
back Santa Claus Adams coming through hi
guys I'm gonna get this one right here
cuz it's included with a beard and a wig
and it's the adult standard is gonna fit
me so so excited Santa Claus see you
soon slim get off your phone stop
talking to Sophia
dude it's always cupcake in with Sophia
minutes
24/7 Sophia Sophia Sophia what about me
what about me huh
this is about you really what's and
Sophia if you're watching this this is
what I got to deal with he's always on
his home sorry
she thought I was talking to this hi
guys so we got cool Christmas sweaters
me and slim ago we're right now we're
gonna match with it I still got this one
right here and I got this one right here
like this is cool man this is this is
dope yeah buddy
like you're so happy to finally oh I'm
excited man like we'll ask you who's
better
yeah I could last people who rocks to
better me Ursula what Christmas sweater
things better this one because he said
this one is like my height so I got it
paint your beard go seriously man this
links so dope man Santa Claus I might do
something really really cool yeah Santa
Claus costume Adam what I dare you
costume I do it though I used to do back
in his day put on the Santa Claus now
I'm like them do that that's why I do
that what do we do all that I wanna done
is saying how we still do it I don't
care if I want to hold the camera
what you doing Adam you do this time
Buddhism don't know Adam do it are we
doing shutting it all right now
no what are you do it bro don't do it
I'm doing this come on bro I'm doing it
a lot of time today Putin enjoy so it's
so funny mom
I love making me do things hey guys this
is Adam Saleh and I'm a professional
idiot Hey oh my god hey guys what's up
and do it again this is Adam Saleh and
I'm a professional idiot I seriously do
not know what I'm doing to them just
told me to like mess around so I'm like
okay you know what that's a month let's
mess around the beach oh oh oh-hoh what
the slow look what you made me do look
what you made me do you know that song I
know it's like a female song man you're
on the naughty list
Selena Gomez hey it's Taylor Swift you
promised
I don't even know what I'm doing I
supposed to save this for a banker video
but I'll just give you guys a little bit
don't ya guys I just took out my frickin
beer I have a great great idea so this
is what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go buy
cigarettes and I'm gonna pretend that
I'm Santa and I'm smoking cigarettes in
front of like kids and stuff saying that
smoking cigarette break let's do it oh
my god I see you guys in the next shop
hi guys I'm going inside the story not
to buy cigarettes I'm gonna show you
guys the reaction when I go buy
cigarettes let's see huh go okay I get a
pack of cigarettes
thank you so much
have you been naughty because you look
like a naughty boy
well naughty people windrow have you
guys been good kids
you sure what's your name you forgot
your name you've been a note he forgot
his name
you sure you have a lighter real quick
we're just trying to get a real good
smoke you don't have a lighter
you're a Doody gang I'm done I'm done
being sent to man Santa is such a hard
job
this is too too ratchet and I want to
give you guys too much thumbs up do me
gang if you guys want to see a full full
video with Santa because prank week is
coming back I'm done sir Smith school
news live daring me to do stuff saying
he calls all this he's the cause every
thumbs up Adam for this high but this
Thank You applause hi do I deserve to
listen to your full song now or not huh
do I deserve to listen to the full no no
how about this way to come to the deal I
know you're almost at 400 K subscribers
if you reach 400 K subscribers within 3
3 days this weekend you gotta play me
the whole song you had to let me listen
to the whole song please guys yes the
whole song
yes yeah they could do it Dhoom again go
subscribe to solidification get him to
400k and I promise I will try not to
leak his song oh yes he said yes do me
gang I am back home at the new Adams
family house I hope you guys enjoyed
this crazy video there's a lot more
videos to come especially this whole
December and do me yeah if you guys
enjoyed the vlog makes you get a thumbs
up and go turkey i'ma see you guys
tomorrow
take care and I'll post I love China in
it shit swear to God he should
when life gives you gimmick baby makes
them Yemen aid name a place I'll new
today I'll treat the playing like an
uber if that makes me imagine or discuss
and see much tuna
