- riding are you boy flashing us why are
you freaking flash essential stop me hey
guys what's up and do me yank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing it is at last couple minutes
out here in LA and we're heading to a
road trip all the way to Bay Area today
it's a beautiful sunny day finally Sun
is back even though the cold here it's
pretty much still the summer time for us
look how beautiful the sky looks no
clouds just straight up Blue Cross
couple clouds here but look at this
guy's beautiful blue look at that color
blue just amazing we're packing up my
stuff ready to go and we is gonna be out
sure to the Bay Area
it's been a long day here in LA and I'll
tell you all about it when we come to
the baby said it's been a long day here
in LA and I'll tell you all about it
when we come to the bank
I was does the UH
remix hit see you again LA thank you
guys so much to everyone in LA showed a
lot love we were heading to go get some
breakfast a place that's known I don't
know I don't know what's a place called
us a place that's known for good
breakfast in LA so hopefully it's good
so we're trying to go out to get
breakfast but I don't go out the suckers
big dogs right there and if I go out
he's gonna see me and I get bit and if I
get bit I can't go to the Bay Area if I
can't go to the bear I have to go back
to New York if I go to New York is gonna
be cold when it's cold I get sick when
I'm sick I'm done when I'm done I'm done
well let me know something what happen
my mission is to get out here without
him looking at me with I'm staring I'm
ready set go
mission a couple I got some crazy
waffles isn't so dope now I know I just
won the best right now syrup eggs cheese
biscuit on it up beat it
lemonade when you got home on sugar
ready come on sit up
well you ain't game up so we just had an
amazing breakfast we're heading to the
Bay Area right now driving to drive the
whole time it's not going to be a two
three-hour like drive it's gonna be
about I think about six to seven hours
so swim well enjoy I'll be your DJ I
know you this is really what you have
three times videos vlogs just so like
you know cuz I can't live like that but
so we'll get something that Bob we're
heading there
because she liked that
what's New York it's like there's this
thing where I grew up with the New York
it's called by the way don't do this
it's called the don't stop or never stop
game but whenever you cross the street
is don't stop you just walk and I just
take that game so serious has to be like
you know tough championship match in
those games and I see it almost a
tobacco until I stop doing it my kids
yeah I don't do that make sure you go in
your car put on a slip box oh my god it
was cheap balls do this oh is it you
gotta go slow if you go fast see you
know what that means so hello
that means got from it let's say you got
an accident like it goes so fast protect
you like that yeah
Oh
gasps he is so cheap about $25 to fill
up this whole car good bull check it out
yeah most leaking it's good you guys
should on a crawl Iron Man you got a
piece a Yeti oh you says you need a card
gonna do this shit
hi guys we've been driving to the Bay
Area for about 40 minutes and we feel
our attire right now like it has a flat
tire we don't know yet wanna pull over
but we don't because there's a lot of
cars but we're gonna have to pull over
and see there's something going on with
the tires there is I don't know what the
house was to do but some blow real quick
here blue here good just pull over there
I can't do some space this house fixed
up right there
take the noisy noisy noisy noisy just
totally slow down oh it's also smell em
soon slow down slow down
can I can I go up
it was a nice really nice cop and he
told us no one come on Sookie he told us
some plan easy but please
good advice evil son please Polly see
but I was gonna come man come on Sam I
put it for him
oh you scared it you skipping it I'll
take it lovely see this kitchen
it was scared but yeah mom he said that
sometimes in the road it feels like it
feels like it's like a flat tire but
it's not I don't know I guess it's like
a California thing Sam be careful as I
can't wait that's all good
everything's great hunter loud I was so
scared of somewhere I called my mom's
I'm only gonna find time oh my god and
with the middle the role iTunes he's so
scared Sam come on chill man he's that
looking
dan is raining down here over there and
sunny
what's so cool is Marlon then all the
way down there's just little cloudy no
rain but we're at right now is read
lottery this is crazy this is a home
this is where people live that and then
I'm like this is crazy
I'm using like a trailer on the trailer
over here you can like travel like
wherever you want to live I just take
away everyone so I just woke up from a
nap we've been going about three four
hours got about two hours to go and this
place called like a rest area so you can
chill take a rest area and I got me some
snacks
got me some Lay's chips some takis that
I seen you guys been telling me to try
it and the only reason why no takis
because I think Justin Bieber had at one
of his music videos and he told the girl
he was like can i tacky you out on a
date I mean even though doesn't fit
after they kind of take you up kinda
talking you up I'm gonna try it right
now tackies for the first time let me
see how crazy it is oh my god oh this is
strong struggling those hot spicy
Cheetos they're like super ready looks
like a Dorito like rolled up like like
some of the I was making some boosters
I'm like already sir Sultana me I hate
touchable No so wait you spicy
it tastes really good but it's super
spicy so bothers my mouth
chuckles I like it Hey look we left the
rest area we have about maybe 50 minutes
left the word we're at the Bay Area and
the Rose you are so crazy but I hate so
much of the trucks they're so huge
design the trucks like literally like
trailers trailer trucks there's like car
trucks I have like 12 cars in the trucks
and it's so scary so you know we drive
driving safe whether this there's this
guy behind us right now he's flashing
his lights at us like that trying to
tell us
hurry up and trying to skip us but this
is like only a toy waiting this is so
much large broad can see shapes only to
waste like this guy right there
I don't know if you see what you see
it's a flash regular Effie Speas flash
enough keeps flashing us
so Joe salucci Jobson straps it so this
course comin up soon
seriously guys we're going in like a
normal pace like 70 80 miles per hour if
you guys see my snapchat you must will
see and this guy's trying to tell us to
go faster like what does he exactly what
is this like an ass chorusing no just
turns roll I feel like when we see him
like when we go and he comes past us
he's gonna like violate us at throws all
pullovers
not a drop on my sweat it was so mad I
don't know if he's mad we don't get mad
we gotta keep going forward where I had
him right now and that's what it is
that's why he's mad cause where I had it
as him guys he's coming scum
while you keep flashing us bro while you
keep flashing us say the government's
everything by flashing a sweet wife as
your wife is shining are you boy
flashing us
why are you recon boy shot so chill
slips up slap searches for gets them so
so what don't flashes like that I Cho
Cho Cho so I'm gonna leave you so don't
get the fuck down bro fucking sim stop
flashing us like that okay don't flash
it Rick
oh here don't flash us yet you right now
son no one's breaking nose bring some
jokes the turbo crack shit Lana sup bro
stop so what should call the police
oh please I knew that's what you need
the police are you hold the police turn
on you I knew but we want to waste the
time on use on your fucking head right
just simple go home
let's just get on it okay let's get out
here Blakey rotaries you okay go home go
look at that guy that guy's crazy you
crazy you're crazy
right like that ah don't do that task
you you pussy you little punk your Pug
Bo your pocket you copy me your punk but
that Jake lousy something still chill
bruh I'm the door shut look walking
walking your bullshit your punk your
punk your bug what are you gonna do huh
you think that of course when we start
run driver Chavo so crazy bro you see
some right now listen please just please
do family pricey but for me some please
for me
something very pity please look for fun
please Jersey man you got anger
management like I love him he's my best
friend yes and everything but when I
when I'm the reason why I'm his best
friend cuz I can control his anger like
if I wasn't here who still see do
something stupid like throw a glass
bottle he would have probably gotten
like in trouble but to be honest that
guy was an asshole you such an asshole
he's like literally trying to go right
and left and skip us Lee he's messing us
up throw flash you're not meeting it
flash it was like who's he got mess over
us and it was really hurting us while
we're driving like was messy we could've
got into accident caused him relax
why are like yeah because you owed an
but you could have this on the stupidest
for yes but when someone does something
stupid don't react in a way like even
worse you gave me with some decima Subic
you gotta be the smart person you gotta
be a bigger person and just like just
tell him you know you can scream I'm yes
but don't come out try to beat him up
like don't waste time on unnecessary
people like that you know he's behind us
is where he is behind us don't waste
your time any more people like that are
you gonna do if I was here and you're
alone you were gonna over you would've I
would've snuff to shit brush when I came
out gonna what
blow stuff you woulda came on beat him
up did some student okay then you know
what would happen what up
you're the guy in arrested no there's no
cops trust me some univ gonna wrestle
after a whole crazy road rage that we
just had seriously we're finally in San
Jose
we're filling up the gas again we just
made a folder five six hours ago and now
it's again like literally empty and we
have to stop and get some gas so we're
gonna fuck yes and we head out to the
apartment that we got in some more in
the Bay Area I don't know what like to
see exactly but somewhere intubated
around San Francisco Santa Clara San
Jose Fremont Oakland I don't know and we
might be doing a meet and greet this
Friday so stay on the lookout on the
vlog stay on the lookout on my Instagram
Twitter mainly - again much would have
to say like after that
but you don't know your dog at that all
open oven lights I'm scared
now we are here liking yourself I like
the flowers smells good
okay well oh my god beautiful oh this
looks dope
it's so sick this is a kitchen right
here yeah it's the living room this is I
hope this matter karma what nothing I'm
we were sleeping together anyway so like
so now we see the bedroom turn on light
this is it looks similar this is one of
the bedrooms
this is the other bedroom this is the
guest in a bathroom the bathroom set so
homies told me day was good we in a
bitch Eleazar we need a peg I love the
space here so yeah I love it
because you'll be something I know we're
like so sick
because done at the anger you know so
bad brother
shit someone's already out of breath yo
bro bad breath hey our brother all right
so we're wrapping up the black hear some
of that breath so medium water and let
me give him such water spongebob I hope
you guys enjoyed
guys for everyone in the Bay Area we're
doing a meet-and-greet I mean Valley
Fair Mall was filled Valley Fair Mall
near Starbucks Friday Friday Friday at 5
p.m. Friday Friday gotta me agree on
Fabro carry carry your heavy brush we're
all the way late 145 they'd swing around
so heavy but we got that power so they
can pick it back up oh yeah yeah hi
people
you can pick place to place them sick we
ever see you guys tomorrow
make sure you give it a thumbs up thumbs
up thumbs up and all of it
miss you guys I want you guys to support
my homie cold hates you guys you don't
know who he is he was on his channel go
see the link down support my cold hey
seriously he's he's a humble humble
supportive guy he needs a do me game so
me fuck these everyone support so hope
you guys see you down below I mean I see
you guys tomorrow
take care or peace I later almost forgot
always a favor promise you that bullshit
then here I pay my way I know okay this
what you say
