honey I'm home don't you guys love it
you're outside for a couple hours and
then you come in and you see your baby
and just like hey guys what's up and do
me gank I hope you're having an amazing
name because I'm having an amazing day
so if I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing a happy
sunny day it is a beautiful day today
here in LA look how beautiful it is so
beautiful
some clouds but the sky is still shining
my favorite colors up in the sky
mashaallah I am home alone right now
I feel like I feel so lonely like I
might even be living here in LA I feel
so depressing like so lonely so wouldn't
feel that cool Slim is outside he is
with his like he's having like a little
event of his like YouTube partnership so
like that he's doing like low meeting on
event and I have a really really really
really big meeting today in about an
hour and imma let you guys know how it
goes really crazy big meeting so and
then after that means I'm going to be
together yesterday's video some of it
kicked me out the farmer for about 30
minutes an hour and then he finally left
me and he was literally legit so mad he
didn't go out the whole night Kalu so to
go out and hang out my you know smoke
some she should chill stuff like that
because like no I'm not going out to my
hands change so we couldn't go to any
salon we couldn't go to any smart
because it was nighttime everything was
closed so he don't about today when I
meet up with him after the meeting I
will take him to the salon and I will
fix up his hair and OB on me and I feel
so bad at this point do me hang I am so
so so so obsessed with Zayn Malik's new
song two days ago I was obsessed with
Drake and Rihanna work and all of a
sudden pillow talk comes out and I just
like like it just kicks off Drake and
Rihanna and I'm so obsessed and I'm so
happy to like see his first solo music
single and I'm like like what a time to
be alive because you know like at the
time this is his first solo like this is
the beginning of something crazy big
Tzemach is gonna kill it say Moloch is
gonna dominate now when I seen the song
pillow talk like before I seen I
expected it to be like I expected it to
be like pillows in the video and to be
like this like like like talking to like
baby girl
you my love you my baby
but was actually um it was actually GG
in the video and if you guys do not know
I didn't notice till today
GG is part Arab like she's she's part
out I think my dad or something is Arab
I don't know what country but they're
part Arab I just looked it up Africa
true it is but it's crazy same I like
likes you know he likes our girls in
town saying he likes I have I'm
seriously loving the weather here in LA
like it motivates me so so much like it
makes me wake up makes me do stuff like
makes me do good content no I'm saying I
just finished eating breakfast a little
chocolate course I'm something small I'm
waiting for my uber this limb took the
car I don't know where to do with that I
don't know go into the meeting I'm in
Beverly Hills right now look how
beautiful looks so beautiful the house
is here so crazy amazingly God
overlooked
Beverly Hills Beverly Boulevard so don't
oh my god
beautiful imagine living here may give
you guys the key to success for having a
meeting I first thing is hygiene make
sure you guys have good hygiene when
you're going to the meeting I'm going to
write I said a Mercedes shot so make
sure you guys have good hygiene brush
your teeth
deodorant lotion up every time your arms
in that's that's one key that's one king
what's up hey that's one key I have it
like you know busy heading up to it
therefore so this is the Mercedes shop
this is it different stuff well I was
wondering why my Mercedes with Lissa
over here it's a 10 word essay without
first let's help Timon with them help me
okay
we were Brett so what's up we just met
but season feels like we've known each
other fears only need to produce films
but that's daunting that's sick what
films have you produced like um the
secret secret I can't see was it
relatively for news Oh got three hundred
social network vehicle will me that is
sick
this is the real those real segue
hoverboards is that a fake ones that
people use is he he is out he's all the
movies we did I wonder limitless
mastermind active allure mortals dawn
John Deere John all those movie The
Wolfman I was a little SSR and the
airplane everybody to have a Segway race
markula no roll record tomorrow let me
see Oh Oh Lord yeah you push for it this
isn't it back back and then this is like
side to side now this is a turn so just
lean forward but lean back to stop oh
yeah tell you
well that's sick this is like a ghost
love first
the original hoverboard yeah this is the
vintage hoverboard handcrafted neat look
so easy brother good things coming
forward deep bad just go back yeah you
got it
hi guys so right now I am in the meeting
we just pretty much got them look it
guys look how cool this is like I'm in
this place of relativity if you guys
you're not a place where they produce
movies or like brands and like literally
everything like it's so dope I think I
do not alongside them the crazy thing is
like I'm here being myself and everyone
is like like and me being myself and I'm
so so happy but I'm getting so nervous I
don't know look I'm sitting in the seat
of the person who holds down minis I sit
down to chill I'm gonna come back so I'm
here and it's so like I don't know so
it's ok I'm so excited I want to say
anything but I'll tell you guys like
after I'm out like what you guys should
do hopefully maybe they can put me in a
movie or something like oh no oh no oh
it's going on was good tell your channel
with each element Jana Jana Haan are its
mama very tiny Channel why not I said
don't challenges watching one of his
videos he did like this proposal like
this Mickey Mouse proposal to his
fiancee I'm guessing you guys were
married now Anna it was so sick it was
so dope man you guys have to check it
out so if you type in Mickey Mouse
proposal you guys will see it on YouTube
and if you do see it as hearing right
there yeah we got a teacher you got a TV
set Bollywood moves man so I have
I'm finally done with this meeting in
relativity shadow to relativity media
you guys so don't shout out on me some
more Brent you guys so cool what's so
like it was like I don't know like I
can't explain it was kind of like
nerve-wracking lib I don't know I get
nervous you're nervous might because
it's my first time a little bit but at
the same time what smooth amazing I put
up an Instagram post they were
mentioning you guys were like a booming
at you know it's so amazing they're so
like dedicated and supportive and I'm so
thankful that I want you guys to go my
Instagram post and give that attack to
show them some Akuma gang love I want
you guys to represent in on saying I'm
represented to be a on my side now once
you got represent I know shy I'm around
here in Hollywood and there is this big
huge line somewhere I feel like such a
New Yorker yet I'm such a New York
person I don't know one east side and
watching
okay
I see now
add two on two we know they are seven
one eight
Bobby shmurda bag okay fine Bhoomi gay
guitar Sam do me gangrel yard oh but
we're also vegan or so the filthy
gangster yeah hello were they going to
killers like shout out the whole city
look that's sick boom oh say I want to
play your basketball man next time
okay
utopia
No
oh that lady literally just put a snake
on
don't be doing a peep I am back in the
apartment because I have to edit
tomorrow's wealth you guys are watching
today today's new main Channel video
honey I'm home
don't you guys love it you're outside
for a couple hours and then you come in
and you see your baby and just like mr.
so so much and like oh my god there's so
much have a senior so lost missed you so
so much have a senior for so long and
it's been like his like seven years
without you I wish you know what we're
doing now
number one do baby know what go add a
new video
okay I will slip so seriously like you
like my girlfriend like you know what I
quit but she did the pink hair like so
if the other one send us a lot because
you hear the event they were do it with
him and you know didn't cancel on yeah
you get a cancer I had a meeting he had
to go too busy have to his thing I do my
thing so wants to do our things we met
up again so embarrassing as their some
people are laughing Lodi the Yeomen is
my stop everyone I see this in my hair
lay oh yeah that's an amazing friend
know what kind of friend would die hair
pink no one will do that your fuck no
one would do that
Elmo I swear I'm against anytime soon
but season even bro we're pregnant other
way too much right now but even when you
I'm gonna get you twin exposome I
promise you person we're always together
so you know like no matter what I'm
gonna play something crazy on you now
we're always seeking the same on right
today I'm Stephen and this one I'm black
in the door you go to our room like that
door someone's going to the salon goods
appointment you might run late and if he
misses it he can't dye his hair back I
hope he misses it
Liggett oh my god she's right
I'm so mad I never do this
alright guys so they did not accept swim
in the salon change of hair color
because this says you can take three
hours to turn it back to silver or
blonde and they said that's a tough it's
really bad it's inked up and stuff so I
told them to shave it off and just I get
like a little nice buzz cut but no get
make me diet back to normal and ya see
how it goes I gonna be wrapping up this
vibe here I hope you guys enjoyed it if
you did make sure you give a thumbs up
and go Turkey they got so much more love
and support seriously guys I have some
big big big news coming so so you gonna
go hit come slow down the news I'm gonna
have to meet what is it China no like
crayons no I don't jinx it bro and
Shelby goes wow that's nice you know
you're on juicy no I could really Adams
how to maintain its really good meeting
you know it was I'm really proud about
Facebook so mad ma'am I already know so
much bro no more hip booty probably
thank you so much appreciate mommy the
homestead no long say oh yeah the new
video is out with James make sure you
guys go to it give it a thumbs up and go
turkey army I am saying to give out
winners just so are saying the giveaway
winners is like I feel so bad
like when I'm have to say it I am adding
five more people for the winners to
write letters for you guys only the only
thing you have to do is go to the video
give it a thumbs up and comment on it
and there's a thing on YouTube where you
can search 5 the most like active ones
who commented maybe the most of thumbs
up the most on that video and it'll show
me the YouTube users so I'll find it and
yeah up now see you guys tomorrow
take care of them again and your pitch
I'm here for you always in favor I'm
strapped full tooth let me wipe em away
I never okay this would choose to say
