hello Adam Adam what's up a I do it what
are you doing out belly dancing in LA
bro would you come coming right now
become normal normal clothes please ash
I got attack dan is dude signals huh
sorry about that so I was able to hey do
any will you I miss you so are we going
today
hmm
bro what move up neo you don't do this
shit son we don't wear this so you tell
him you have no see blond no seat belt
baby bro principal you're very safe ride
don't bro you probably see about that is
you don't trust me no thing is will pick
up your seat belt that's the first step
in a friendship trust us so you do like
vlogs you've been doing vlogs every
single day if like the past like two
years I guess right like actually three
years three years Dan three years a
daily when I'm wrong it really so wish
it what about don't know me why leave
huh no I'm the same like a Brahma a
curry with shoes clothes two years beers
it's an accurate sad can you read I
don't know how to say the word right two
three years of daily vlogs so that's
like I find heavy please put on your
seatbelt know that noise someone on
please
no il go away I promise you trust me
trust you trust me Adam he's waiting up
waiting it off wait
it seems done I told you so three years
of like fun just straight fun it's like
like do do anything else with your life
man like you don't freaking I go to
school you don't work you know yeah
loser like pretty much loser
I love vlogging I feel like it's like
part of my life you're so like not
really like me being a loser is just me
like living my life is like a diary you
know people like like writing a diary so
you're a little emo kids Hannah diary
back in the day it's like a it's like a
vlog diary where you just record like my
life and stuff like that so yeah seems
really interesting yeah what ever since
I known you right
so I known you for a long time right
yeah I never seen you what a messed up
haircut ever
you always are shaped up always like you
how often you get haircuts that's weird
now I don't I don't have a lot of bad
hair days that's why always wear hats
sometimes and I get you can say I get a
haircut once a week once a week yeah
once a week I don't know a lot how much
money you spent on haircuts how much I
don't know and how much you have any
hair cuts oh you say $20 $25 $25 yeah I
used to be like $10 I was like 25 $25
for a haircut yep bro and you get it
once every week so this is a say that
this for about four weeks and every
month so it's 20 past 100 hours a month
on haircuts you miss twelve months every
year so that's twelve hundred dollars on
haircuts and how long you been at it for
ten years to say Tommy Charles that's
about a hundred am I wrong I failed math
class that's 120 thousand dollars is it
not twelve thousand dollars I'm bugging
I'm bugging I was like that's $12,000
goods you can buy a car with that but
you got bought me a car son instead of
spinning owes money on haircuts you
bought me a car
sorry man I rather look fresh and give
you a car hey okay hey okay this
yeah she got diver the pearls money I'm
I know love you who come anytime any day
I could be a best friend
no I don't ever question about this song
bro like who came up with diamond girl
like so this is what happen I was
outside once I was actually in a hookah
lounge in the shisha londre change yeah
I was initiation on man I seen this girl
like I had a really huge crush on her
and I don't know why the girls have
crushes on is always like it's always
like porn stars no it's not like it's
not mine like this is like it messes up
so I had a really like big crush on her
and I noticed that like she was falling
for this guy like this really old guy he
was supposedly like her sugar daddy and
she was all out after him like I could
have gave her my love I could have gave
him my heart I could have gave her like
my everything I guess I thought about so
I thought of like you know like she's a
diamond girl she's going after like
people like you know I'm gonna have
money and stuff I got shoes so I didn't
like them so pretty much of the song
you're trying to say that it says that
she said him being she gotta be sugar
daddy - no not that I'm just saying I'm
just saying like I can I can give her
love love you know love can be
everything one money money can't be love
I'm saying
that's the gayest thing I ever heard my
life isn't so like what's your secret
talent like besides like rapping I know
you jump really high I know that but
what else I have a lot of secret talents
that nobody like I was about you know do
me gang they know a lot of secret
talents and I put out I have one I draw
Joel I've been drawing ever since I was
younger rapping I've been like writing
poems since I was younger when I was
like smart poems some like that and I'm
jumping high like it's been in a secret
sound like I jump really high another
secret talent that I never like told
them is I can hold my breath I can hold
my breath for about like two or three
minutes long mmm not really like a
secret talent is just weird and that is
pretty good prove it sure oh yeah I'll
be two guys I'm in the pool I was a long
time to three minutes but you said last
time ready twist that go holy breath no
cheating you hold your breath you sure
you don't like holding your breath you
sure you breathe your nose
I thought the piece air was on your
burger you sure Adam you're not you on
oh my god we have is that breathing yes
give me CPR shit dad to kiss him
he's dead oh no oh God I mean I wasn't
kissed you anyways you know like it's
not that you're looking attractive and
I'm just gonna save you like no I'm good
I was just um yeah I can pretty much all
over but you messed it up so thirsty
okay that's what you used to say
can you
do I hear
told me that he was a best friend the
other day she just and daddy get like
this is my fifth cuz I'll give me my mom
and I'm skating every day she's like me
listen our time spent if she can't even
have her head where the time when I'll
see her and I swear that I'll be there
then I'm gonna take the pain away I'm
like I'm right here
let me wipe them away okay that's what
you say
yeah
right let's do blogs let's say I talk to
the belly boat
- I can tell by the reaction you drive
too fast and fast and whenever a Janelle
who said this is how there's gonna be
all right so baby wanna be I know your
father would be proud you're gonna be
tell you what you gotta be oh baby
anything I can't replace him a baby I
try to be better every day for the rest
of my life I can't replace him a baby
I'll try
that part was deeply opportune right
over the port I can't replace him my
baby
I'll try we don't in order to blow that
door was definitely auto-tune don't
frickin lie to me boy I'm sorry I don't
do attitude
I mean why was he then singing that
therefore I can't replace him but baby I
try so that was all tonight now was in
order to it's not why would I have to do
all the time not t-pain man god damn
road rage ah careful man yo be careful
Oh
speed it up why is he moving so slow No
ah oh oh look whoa whoa whoa you don't
trust me no don't try it's not that I
don't trust me Adam that's not cool I'll
go who's cool man okay I'm sorry I'm
shit just making sure like you know
every line man I want to be able to be
trusted
my mama don't trust me my dad trusts me
I want you to trust me but I don't want
so scared put on dance Ebola damn time
no it's not that it's like I'm worried
if like you know other people crash man
let me just put even if we crash row
like me crash tomorrow is another day
no no no no no
Wow
we had people
thank you baby
Oh
Oh
Oh
oh my guess it's a strong ending in that
song bro it's like as the song goes on
it's it gets goosebumps and hits you
right in the feels man this song really
touched my heart the most at all your
songs thank you so I really like I
really I really loved him and I awesome
is that me like um Rana see Bono
so I'm like do you have like a
girlfriend or something girlfriend nah I
don't think so you're gay that doesn't
mean I'm gay and I'm not a bisexual I'm
not bisexual or gay I just have no room
so what are you good I'm straight you
straight
yeah like girls they're girls yeah like
girls but like I'm not how I think pro
skater for a second you know yeah I saw
Adam like you have a couple songs now
like do you ever get like mixed up with
in your lyrics and shit I do sometimes
but like I got used to like I know
literally like I used to it
yeah I'm not bitter about a professional
no huh no not that personal memorizer
huh now is that that I just think if
you're so good at knowing used to it
whatever you say - don't show me some
those on side show me somebody
oh hey I wake up every day wondering
what's happening and sending news all
the time so sack didn't don't wanna see
another kid in the street trying hard to
defeat the world on its own again I
understand and struggle the troubled I
hustle by the time to help one another
no matter the cream that culture the
color we're all here for each other now
it's time to recover I could see a
better place I can see a better time I
can feel it in my heart I can see it in
my mind when the tears are gone and the
piece is here you're all pieces to the
puzzle when the time is near now there's
a new crisis when people look lifeless
don't stand then decide bliss cuz
Muslims ain't Isis my English condition
with the heart and mind that's led by
God in trying to change the world with
your I decide to speak out what's right
like I did I'm trying to put my homies
on the right track so you ain't scared
every Asian with a backpack
so much to say I can't fit it on a
rapture I need more time like I'm trying
to send a snapchat hey too bad don't
make it good build a better world we can
make it through and a preacher so that
part I when I first heard song was yeah
I'll tell you like you're gonna mention
Isis but you did it and I'm eating right
now so it was that support no no that
this Isis is not part of the song I
didn't say the lyrics in the song
I actually a fun fact that no one knows
I wanted to I wanted to put that like
saying something I was like Muslims are
like this people
something-something Isis and I wanna
like this out I wanted to give them to
this but thing is the producers
everything they told me no they were
they were afraid they're like nah but
thing is ours I go let me say I want to
say you can't change me let me say you
can't change me let me say it the thing
is they end up talking to me like it's
kind of back then bad thing gonna put
yourself in danger probably putting
myself in danger talking about it now
but thing is Isis more Muslims I'm gonna
say that louder proud I'm not scared of
no one but God you know what I'm saying
so I want you to put it but yeah so I
mean yeah like cuz you know it's weird
cuz a lot of people that aren't Muslim
they when it gets association or Isis
they always like you know your legs
Muslims like I met someone
she sells Muslim and she's how much if
she had Isis I'm like bitch I'm scared
of Isis to like like they slice people
heads off on national television bro
what you got me fucking happy for them
and I go like I'm friendly with the more
Isis what's up you know like I'm scared
of them too but I guess fuck yeah the
shit they're not Muslim they don't
represent sin but yeah other than that
the song was all along it makes me feel
older I really I can I gotta take a shit
so the music pull over real quick read
Ender's end the video right now that's
reasonable said yeah anyway and then we
don't have it I'll take a shit bro the
video is even that long enough I'll pull
it over round
simcha LeBron pull it all the way take a
shit sim look tiny sip oh no I'm sorry
but you feel a little seatbelts when you
put I see when you feel better scared of
seatbelts stood as wild man I don't get
roosters alright guys I'm gonna take a
shit peace thank guys was doing for
tuning in front of us Evo I don't know
putting out some guys tomorrow guys the
bee gang
thumbs up if you enjoyed this carpool
video thumbs up and go turkey turkey mom
slim right if you guys want to see slim
you click on his face or you go to the
link down below and you'll see the homie
slimming and other than that see you
guys tomorrow
take care push
and are you
I'm here for you always a feather
promise you that those tears let me wipe
them away
okay this would choose the spray
