hey guys what's up for do me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing day I just woke up it is
about 8 9 a.m. the morning means them
first someone's gonna go ahead to his
meeting then after that we're going to
go right to car because we haven't even
got the card because yesterday was
closed so we have to go today then we
have to head to San Diego which is about
three hours away from here we have to be
there around 2 p.m. so yeah hopefully
make it let's see how today goes I'm
shooting my ready okay you're late I
worried that we're gonna head out right
now shooting my second clap video today
so should it go cool I'm so proud of
this man right his meeting went great
amazing and I was just there like
awkwardly listening was going on then
like somebody made the right decision so
better make the right decision then
everything he did like yeah he's
actually somewhere I think he's like
stupid insulting he actually has a brain
you know another hi guys after two to
three long days we're finally getting
the car never I said the thing is we're
under 25 results for the charges with a
crazy feet I rented a car and they
didn't allow us to get once that I get a
Camaro Convertible they didn't allow see
a convertible because they think we're
gonna go with a critical yeah
they think we're go crazy and we don't
have a need to put a major credit it's
just so weird when you're under 25 so
was a really long process running super
late that car supposed to be here this
Dakar we're getting to other camry but
the only thing is it has no license
plates where has no license please go
three-hour drive ready you gonna drive
Ivan you driving done you're driving
yeah we are finally in the car we have a
good two or three-hour drive to San
Diego by the time we get there should be
probably dark or getting dark as
make it on time homie face wrong Brian
we're gonna be there I promise after
that we won't show and have a low chill
out in San Diego for the first time ever
last time one that we went there once
for about two hours just came back bunch
of traffic here in LA so it's gonna be a
while could be a crazy road trip let's
see how this go Hey
that annoying passenger guys ready yes
ah
Oh
Oh
we should have a little talk so having a
road trip and we can't blog much like
outsider we should have like a little
talk and so time can fly what should we
talk about we talk about let's have our
life it's not about life okay let's talk
about wine I how's it going okay so I'm
up where is San Diego or going to San
Diego I'm going to shoot some collabs
this video is with phase drunk should be
on the main channel next Saturday the
first one was a dream with James and
James yum-yum-yum-yum James human II how
do you pronounce his name is Yong Yong
Yong
no James you're Moony James a new
nothing else I told so slim.i ma let's
ask each other questions like okay the
question was hot the lies on why he's
hot cuz we're in California a lot again
the car is hot as fuck yeah because it's
hot and we left New York City because it
was cold to be hot here if he I don't
know he's left two shades in the back of
an uber some cool don't say I understand
like how could a person be so stupid but
didn't think within a month I think or
two months you've lost three big major
things in the three really expensive
stuff
this thousand dollar camera freakin
iPhone 6s with all your shit in there
and a like like $4 $5 shades there how
stupid or I can't understand I can't get
the man how stupid could a person be for
that to happen three times like I felt
by the first time second times like yeah
but now I'm like yo you're just really
stupid you know
see the thing is when you're doing so
much in life when you're stressed you
start forgetting things
I forgot my shades that I just got the
other day some didn't give away this is
taken again yeah blame this one he
blamed me for giving away that note yeah
last time you gave it away this fellow
again so yeah you would know what a sum
of shit okay dad I'm sorry
that's good to know this is supposed to
be a game this was supposed I don't know
freaking I'm rent hog or like just we're
in a car and we have nothing to do it's
gonna be Wow maybe you guys will get
crazy questions some ready a legend I
want age were you when you had your
first kiss my age yeah I like 12 what
the heck did and it goes over me I
totally destroyed time you never told me
well you should know this you never tell
me I was 12 years old she was like 13
and I was like a boss I was in sixth
grade she was in seventh grade my name
is Bob her nickname is bubbles
it's cool bubbles is about seeing
personality isn't how cool is that you
know it's just greatest girl since half
three like your boss know who did it
bubbles like yeah dated bubbles he sure
wasn't like any a dream like belong with
us
wasn't bubbles like from Powerpuff Girls
ha ha ha terrific same question no you
cast me same question
Oh
I
we were almost there in San Diego we're
about more about 19 minutes away
slim missed exit and now we are about 30
31 minutes away keep rates or Ajanta C&D
sexy and I are texting and driving right
you know the UK would get a ticket melty
right when I really hope America sees us
and email your ticket straight the house
began for another car
yeah we got beautiful San Diego looks
they got like these houses on the
mountains and stuff like so dope so
different they were close to Mexico
looks so dope I were taking a quick
break to go get like the stuff that we
need which is uh for the challenge video
that we're doing you get some paper some
markers maybe some I don't know if I'm
gonna get some stuff but yeah I feel
like how like a mess I feel like a mess
the whole time when I meet phase so we
just guys said yeah go with the home
with prior was good
zombies meetings or sissy so he's such a
nice dude thank you man you're gonna see
in this is where the magic happens that
is dope that it's already phase hey face
class here to edit 600 alright Brian
pick them up and just put it my papa
rockin mama okay yeah Papa Rock I hit
and mama rug right there we'll sell it
it's so cool these actually speak out of
it yeah absolute but Brian we need to
teach him so every guy speak out the end
oh no you fuck you got it no I'll teach
you all guys you vote Bosley will teach
slim doing hi buzz Oh buzz guys my water
anything Namba Thank You Man buzzing OH
oh yeah what's up sorry you late jumps
on this do you like it he's good at
doing
Brodie's grilling music come on buzzing
give me a treat yeah give me two give me
three eligible guys see us
I'm sure I can bring it back see that oh
yeah some you gotta call done Mama Rose
made us amazing we thank you so much
yeah no sorry ladies no it's not thank
you so much I appreciate it is it's so
sweet oh yeah
let's go ready you got the key to
success right here as our rocky cultural
food every day yeah yeah why welcome
like that he's out there chuckles Oh
guys come on hi guys we just made it
back to LA and I am so so tired and I'm
so exhausted
imagine having a two to three hour drive
straight to San Diego and the to three
hour drive back to LA in one day but it
was a good amazing productive day
shout-out to the homie phase rug
Laurence you got so dope the club is
crazy though the Basel dog was just
great I'm so super not even know if like
talking I feel like like I feel like
glue sedating yourself because I didn't
get no seat needs to hook up like a am
and it's like 2:00 3:00 a.m. right now
so that's all good
how's the heart I got a hot spot and
yeah I really hope you guys enjoyed the
collapse let me know let me know in the
comments below like if you guys are okay
with it like being on a main channel if
it's like you guys would enjoy it like
more collabs have you been uploaded on
first club I already got two claps
coming up on the next two Saturday the
Saturday is coming through but I'm gonna
be adding the blog here so once I get to
bed I even I'm not even going to take
off nothing I'm going to go straight to
bed
seriously that's not tired up so I'll
see you guys tomorrow doing egg take
care it makes you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey
thank you guys so much for you love it
apart I go only like since you guys go
an extra extra turkey out thumbs up so
thank you guys so much for local support
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care earn pics I like hey I'm here
for you always in fact I promise you
that those two semi right
okay this would choose to say
