good morning at the beginning I hope you
are having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing morning so if I'm
having an amazing morning to all should
be having an amazing morning I am
heading I'm already at the airport here
in the snow
look at this cream so I'm leaving sorry
Derek City I'm leaving your weather and
I'm heading to California to LA then the
Bay Area doing some cool videos cool
filming and just gonna enjoy the warm
weather on there got two luggages
because should be away for a while
probably a week or two so I'm here look
at this limit yeah and he's hiding and
vlogging me now I'm flying him I thought
some homes person yeah but I want to
smile ready they go yeah and they you
see you
Cali Bay Area is the Bay Area San
Francisco or Sacramento San Jose or
Oakland I'm so confused
I don't know who a part of it we finally
made it to the airport where you're
going we have a stop in Minnesota first
so we're gonna head to Minnesota
after that like we just got here in
Minnesota
and the people here are so so nice I
swear to God everyone is so nice because
it's so nice it makes New York but it's
so bad and so good over here about to
get a quick meal before we left la I got
me some ginger on my stomach isn't
feeling too well and I ordered some
salmon some got some we got macaroni
cheese lobster lobster macaroni cheese
we'll eat and you gonna be out to LA to
the warm weather and I'm so excited and
I will be doing a couple collabs here
trying to do some more collabs this
people that challenge videos or
something something interesting for you
guys I've never liked there's one thing
you guys know like I've never ever in my
life thunk labs unless they're like my
friend unless like slowly but we've
never done clouds here so like like like
like my channel has been like just on my
own woman to do it on mom's just both of
us
never done it cuz I was like anyone
wernstrom - you know exactly but yeah
we're looking to give you guys some more
clouds a lot of people requesting
collapse leave in the comments below who
do you guys want to see you guys gonna
see me through a cloud let me know maybe
or maybe tweet the person who have
warming table table I'm in LA or
something like that we'll see maybe I am
already climbing buoy
so I got me some grilled salmon with
some weird rice some got what is that
lobster macaroni cheese it cost so much
but it comes so little so we finally
landed in LA
hey we have even got our baggage you
know imma do I know this is like the
fourth time I'm getting sunglasses again
and i'ma tell you guys why so come over
here I'm gonna take guys let me tell you
know - you want to know why I'm gonna
take guys like cuz Lim over here gave
away my ray pants I steer away he gave
he gave away my recognize it to a girl
in Dominican Republic
no he gave it no I didn't he came out I
gotta get a new ribbon you gave it away
you said you said just get it back I
forgot this sound like those a girl
there but if I should try that Murray
bands like and then I was doing some
house to go eat and I saw someone say yo
be careful make sure you get my ribbons
back like that then all of a sudden I
already gave away my ribbon I give the
light bro so what you didn't I keep it
well here you go he was like here you go
baby dance we got about it okay I'm
taking stuff you offers you matter of
fact since he sets a nice guy I'm gonna
take his hat - what you gonna do about
that I would take your block camera - a
mistake YouTube channel -
you should be in LA today hi guys we're
finally in LA
finally like legolas was so exhausted
but um so we got here so we're so
exhausted so happy
we took a connecting flight since we
booked our flight last minute we bought
that flight last minute le so we had
today and no choice would take a
connecting flight from New York to
Minnesota way Minnesota about an hour -
and head to LA it was hectic was crazy
so tiring never booked in LA flight last
minute we're at a different department
today we couldn't go to the other part
of that oh yeah because it was last
minute so Shantanu homie Steven we have
this other form so whatever comes
telling that like a different part but
you guys tell me what you guys to decide
this apartments better the one I like
this one better
I don't know I want to see like I like
this one yeah thanks but this one you
guys live in the house I'm gonna show
you guys the farm right now both of them
are dope I think this one find a little
bigger the most basic veterans is dope
you guys are like it's so unique around
this like so much positivity and so nice
so you got some which apartment would
you guys like need some of the same this
one are the one before it ready this is
it right oh it is oh if you guys are
gonna make this decision right all right
so let me show you guys first right here
you got the table this cool clock I like
it so unique it this is the living room
the really huge TV kitchen right here
this is the whole kitchen we're gonna
have like snacks on they have like these
cool like books so wherever you go go
with all your heart don't forget to be
awesome
some magazines this is what I love the
most ram
look at this this is so dope this is so
sick it's like the whole world but like
the name of like whatever place it is
isn't it so you can see Yemen right
there round fun so small
Yemen right there I see oh man Iran
Turkey all oh my god I made a little
mistake though this was
Palestine I don't know why they put the
balcony we have just a few we got I get
this view this looks beautiful right
there now I'm gonna show you guys the
room go to the room okay
some is fine be there what's that mr.
room right here
another TV here this is me
what's that was good then you come here
something's changing I got my stuff here
all my stuff
both it there's gonna be away for a
while you're going bathroom
what's that bathroom there's a whole
bathroom right here look I'm gonna wash
my hands at the same damn time I did
ever notice when you go back there's
another room here
just like a little bit me some sleep in
the same room we can't sleep alone sim
gonna sleep with differ rooms what I get
scared yeah so we're gonna sleep
together and there's two bedrooms here
this is other bathroom I don't know you
guys tell me which one fish apartment
things better what's up guys we're in LA
getting something I'm here with the home
watchin videos like the past two years I
remember one miss please please please
just one I'm hungry
what because we want some frozen yogurt
I'll strip for you
that car was so dope I don't know I
think it was lemon the second than bean
but slimmest telemeters a Ferrari it's
not a Ferrari I think it's a has to be
I'm not gonna see the pack of like that
I don't know shit sim oh my god I'm
telling you so it has to be a Lambo it's
not what was it Ragini Aventador thank
you so much thank you so much thank you
guys let me know in the comments below
what do you guys like thinking is so
slim
he keeps him as a Ferrari nigga he's not
it thank you thank you yeah that car was
definitely lemonade it was super super
fast
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
vlog I hope you all enjoyed this fight
it did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey to all my writer that do
me so he made a tennis blog make sure
you give it a thumbs up and to all the
the the giveaway winners I did choose
them already I just need to make a video
to announce them you know it was tough
it was really really tough I'll tell you
guys all the info on it in the giveaway
video but now see you guys tomorrow
look out some cool crazy cool clouds
coming soon in LA and yeah we have a
couple weather big big meeting but I
have one big meeting here and just wish
me luck outside I can't say yet bout
till you guys probably when I have the
meeting so yeah see you guys tomorrow
take care hello
always in favor I'm sure that bullshit
let me write them away this would choose
assay
