Rema are you gonna be mad at me if I
tell you this okay
Dena makes me more happy stick and leave
hey guys what's up do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you home should be having
an amazing day I suppose surprise me
might be like hey cream was with me but
yeah I'm gonna go outside we're outside
I'm gonna do a little shopping because
I'm leaving to LA tomorrow morning so
i'ma do little shopping and I decided to
bring a little mini Reema with me so
because I'm a mystery so much gonna be
out there for a week come here this is
what I hate about the snow
the next day turns so dirty and to cross
the street you have to walk through all
this
so even hold on to my hand you guys are
gonna watch this you guys gonna watch
these timberlands go get dirty oh my god
that's oh my god oh oh my god this is so
nasty
Oh
and now look I'm open
this sucks hi so we just got done
shopping about to go pay Rima got her
minions shirt that she begged for cuz I
don't know I want to give Rima like
fresh clothes not like mini Anna like
cartoony I was trying to pick her out
cool dress but she wanted a minion one
so we're gonna go paper and after that
we're gonna go see Hamza and hey I'm
gonna go visit them Fargo come on let's
go
don't do that don't know read my stuff
come on let's go yeah five seconds to
come four three two one luckily we got
lucky this is the last time that I'm
gonna be shopping with Rima because this
is what she did when she wants to go
check out give me him give me your hand
yeah
when once you go check out for the for
the minion share and everything she
didn't want to like she didn't want to
get it until she goes to the fitting
room and tries it on so she was going
crazy on the guy in the register say no
no no no no I want to try want to try
want to try my Grima it fits you like SS
4 years old your boy is always like no
now I wanna try just like are you try I
want to try my Grima stop you can't do
it at this pit
we need her like this go is gonna fit
you huh so then she ended up trying it
and yeah then they're trying it and as
we came out and finally got it was
hectic but you're never shopping with me
a few little tables sir I'm gonna take
Vemma - born Sandoval book so for a bit
moving heads
we came here to get books not candy or
toys come on and get you a book okay for
you to read we will put it back on let's
go I just I'm leaving I'm leaving you
what's up with these escalators that
aren't working sucks man
no let me give you a better book you
can't read that look closely read it you
got this coming here for years old you
should not hardly butterfly you got one
or two right but for the restaurant when
I was I clothed I thought good man close
that book let's go get a book what
happened no you're gonna come and get a
book look we found a spot right here
welcome kids Rima this is welcome kids
which is just for reading in the end I'm
looking at the toy section choose
yourself a book why'd you punch me in
the face I'm innocent
let's go let's go let me come on yeah
what's up yeah throw the hands come on
let's cut the fat
you neither yeah this is the place where
you take kids don't take them to the
Apple store
don't take them to Chuck E Cheese take
them here okay
what's this frozen you want it do you
know how to read it
Wow okay I'll get you okay let's go even
loves frozen so much guys tweet frozen
hit tell them that reamer loves you so
much do you love frozen a lot Wow
how much do you love them Rima yeah why
because they make you happy that's good
Rema do i make you happy huh do I make
you happy how much who makes you more
happy me or frozen what do you got
choose one that's it
choose one hurry up
really you know if you choose frozen
what happened now I'm not gonna be mad
okay Wow REE mom getting out here you
going home alone peace take care of Emma
bye Reema are you gonna be mad at me if
I tell you this okay Dina makes you more
happy you can leave
give me a so bad so I want to hamsa hand
his house and they weren't home so I had
to come here they're on my house which
is pretty weird
while I was going to the house there
would come to Mouse I just want to tell
you guys do it open the door he was
crying open the door I can't think rimas
crying she wants to go oh she's not
getting it I'm just gonna say I'm gonna
miss you guys I'm heading to LA
California for about a week and I know
you guys are my oldest one of my two my
oldest uh nieces and nephews many many
more nieces and nephews if you guys do
not know and you guys will know that in
the future because I'm gonna be
uploading maybe some future videos and
your Reema room is here crying show to
sleep over hum this house yeah but mrs.
Rogers home take care of you know what
you guys you guys know what I'm gonna do
or not I need it fixes McDonald sign
hairline that's all I do
we're gonna make a Burger King today you
know meaner than I got look at that
hairline bro don't get me started
laughs I'd just like Heritage in a row
don't even try to roast me like that you
cookie whoa his hairline looks worse
than the blizzard yesterday is whoa my
god yeah I like this boy boy boy I need
to fix it up you ready you ready for his
makeover we don't pimp your head you
ready don't mess up my hair
definitely by the way shout out sort of
homie I'll be face up he's one of my
cousin's I haven't yeah I met him before
he was a baby
I'll meet you sooner my homie my cousin
and
please I'll go away for some where we
gonna overcome to zone we all become
this hit alright you know nothing
Sonia never have fun no you ain't
getting nobody
I introduced to you a brand new Hamza
sound again a man finally got a hairline
this is crazy this is my first time is
given like haircuts I didn't know what
I'm doing
I gotta mess up his Oh head this is
crazy thumbs up for Barbara Adam I'm
here with moss and Saleh you bad how are
you hi baby huh how are you talk to me
what's the one you're gonna talk you had
to give us some entertainment
oh you think you're Calvin Klein boy you
think you're a Calvin Klein boy you're a
Calvin Klein boy why are you sticking my
tongue huh don't stick out your tongue
at me don't but I said don't stick out
your tongue on me because if you ever do
it again if you ever stick it
I said don't I we had to give an update
on your gap let's see a gap ready set
look at that gap you see it showed him
the gap I'm gonna miss you you me kiss
me kiss me give me a kiss not them they
already got a kiss that's not fair Oh
give me a kiss yeah behan a another kiss
another one got another one
goodbye give them a kiss mama you got
the cutest kisses what the heck is that
you could write what is up a duma gang
so I decided to do a little mini skit
right now for the end this vlog and to
show you guys what my mom does while I
vlog because you guys
to not see this and it is hectic it is
crazy it is what I accidently everyday I
clean every single then all you do and
they came around they came around to
keep please stop hopped do not take off
your voice again okay okay
everyday everyday click click oh look at
my two as I was saying he didn't can do
a little miniskirt oh you you don't put
me out mom please look I'm I have to
start all over if you keep on my gosh
delete all the feed you right now delete
the delay okay okay okay
as I was saying I'm gonna show you guys
what my mom dad every time he is always
talking about me every single time you
need to stop mom please stop talking go
to another room please go I'll show your
face oh I'll show them your face having
gone live he show me I'm gonna bring
President Barack Obama they can beat you
up okay I won't just choke just okay
just chill okay don't show me okay I
don't know what to fall in love okay I
don't know what the fell in love okay
okay okay I'm sorry I'm sorry
okay so my mom talks a lot while I'm
vlogging she also loves bugging me out
like she loves messing with me telling
me what to show you guys why don't you
show them the big mess in your room huh
show them the big mess huh
give me the camera showing the big bus
shows anything less you oh no you do huh
don't don't say it what are they gonna
do they gonna clean it up let me know
cuz all you do is talk about me oh yeah
you can say whatever you want say
whatever you want cuz imma cut it off
anyways say whatever you want because
I'm not even joking
this happens every single day every
single day should talk so from vlogs
like sometimes I might just give her my
camera and let her take over the vlogs
and just block whatever she want
seriously oh I feel so bad like not like
showing my mom but mom doesn't want to
be shown on the camera but we'll do this
our habit this and this flag reaches
100,000 thumbs up I'll show my mom in
the next vlog so other than that I'll be
wrapping up this vlog I hope you guys
all enjoyed the flag if you did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey
I will see you guys tomorrow gonna be on
my way to alert and also we're gonna be
heading to
Bay Area California for the first time
so let me know a comment below anybody
from the Bay Area we're thinking about
doing a little meeting right there so
let me know if there's a lot of people
in the comments below from the Bay Area
then I'll think about doing a
meet-and-greet there so a-a-alright
I love meeting you guys seriously
wherever like new city I go to I love
doing like a little free mini
meet-and-greet something like that
to meet you guys now see you guys
tomorrow take care do me gang or peace I
love you I love you so much
just wanna grab your face kiss you I'm
here for you always a fan promise you
that bullshit let me write them away
okay this would choose to say
