hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing day so today it is a freezing
super-duper cold day today so you know
we're gonna do we don't go out in the
snow play in the snow for a few then
come back home and have a little chill
out have a little family day for chill
out because I'm leaving to LA Monday
which is tomorrow for you guys watching
us and didn't have enough family time so
I'm gonna have family time today
normally alright guys so in this
blizzard this is my brother's car right
he has to go to work right now and he
doesn't know how is he supposed to how's
he supposed to take us all up this is
crazy
you're eight I feel so bad for you guys
with me huh are you gonna help me
yeah I'm help you walk the kids like eat
what the heck yo this is crazy huh
that's wild
how is he my wife she's lovely look hi
guys this is Adam Safi your weather
forecast
as you can see oh my god that's the
police screw the police tore my pulling
we are here distract me here
we're about to go into snow about a foot
or two of snow this blizzard it is crazy
it is wild let's see how this goes oh my
oh my god this guy's running ready I'm
gonna do some Trey Songz that ready say
oh my god oh my god guys we were looking
for a place to buy gloves but literally
everything is closed
like literally zone cars like this
tomato Street no cars oh my god you
wanna wear your gloves we finally got
the glove yeah yeah
America has cloves here I got my gloves
I got my ski master what's not legal
there's a legal alimony boom what's up I
don't you don't owe me right taking me
schemas way I got me this is my brother
with Africa
what's up phone cord whenever you go to
him run away from when I free from
synagogue 6 and I got a Sarah gasps wake
up a lot a car I love Advil
thank you so much my brother feels like
he's about the gold outside me Avery big
hard to go how about the car like crying
yeah you good click I was out there
Cree's there you go let's do this we
ready right hey oh my gloves good yeah I
don't like to snow though it's the
powdery snow I like it when it's sticky
and you can make like so man and stuff
you can't even up like look powdery
let's go come on corner we're gonna go
try to move all the snow from our
brother's car I'm sorry if you can't
hear me this thing on it we're gonna try
to move the snow we got this okay
decided okay I see nothing wrong freezer
oh my gosh let's go kids oh you got to
say you're gone
no let's go let's go this is wild
probably some movie screen oh my gosh
this is they don't want to see us take
out the snow from the BMW so you know
what we're gonna do
we're gonna take out the snow from the
BMW let's he's gonna make a better snow
angel it's very hands-on more hands-on
more more and more all the way up yes
yes like thanking my poor mama this is
how you do a snowy ready
that is how you to do a snow angel
whatsapp Adama gang I am back from the
cold the super cold weather and I
noticed that Jamaat has a McDonald sign
hairline yeah so I'm like sissy got a
McDonald's on hairline Adam Salah is
coming to the rescue and I'm gonna fix
up his hairline so I got me I'm uh I'm
gonna give him fresh haircuts my first I
giving a haircut it just bothers me
seeing that McDonald's sign he'll like
you just like hey what stop coming down
hey lion so what is it what's the m4 so
though you got me done right no don't
is it up I'm saying why is there an M on
your head well how there's an M right
here who's it for but suppose she ain't
girl's name stop see this an M right now
who's it for Zhanna Zayn is a Z who's M
is there no girl Shannon she's not with
me okay okay you guys aren't together
okay okay okay okay you guys are not
together number that's it
can you tell us any updates on your news
okay maybe later okay okay lady I'll
give you a car I'm gonna give him a
little faith from the side and a
shape-up gonna be fresh after this I
wait let me do it before look straight
to the camera this is it before look at
the side this side this is it before I
can do the after okay ready
please welcome the brand-new Jim Bell a
look straight yeah you got a hairline
like to design things either side like
to the back shutting them back show them
my boy head that way in had a bang in
your van finally get no more McDonough's
on yelling I guys I know you guys gonna
hate me for this but do you guys trust
me with Mawson's here yes you guys do
does it look like I'm someone I can
trust with hair yes you guys can do so
now
never mind ever gonna put mums in here
okay now I'm done with the homies show
them show them your haircut look is it
good
Yes No maybe so I don't know you tell me
Dina those issues are like because it
looks like a big clown feet webbing me
change geek what your voices on the
crazy - let's talk about it let's see
what what's up that's good a twenty
something crazy yeah well don't she's
some crazy
let me tell you guys something about the
giveaway okay be ready and listen
because I'm choosing a winner tomorrow
chosen seven winners tomorrow ok so I'm
choosing one winner from Instagram and
that winner will be chosen from the
video that took belly dancing in
Dominican Republic so the winner from
Instagram will be from there ok there'll
be another winner from YouTube that will
be choosing from YouTube whoever thumbs
up or comment on the latest main Channel
video that I did I'll be choosing
another winner from there ok on Twitter
I'll be choosing five people on Twitter
for a world for winners whether like
tweets me emergencies so go to my
Twitter down below my Instagram that
with my youtube down below what you guys
do not know which one like which
category will be the iphone 6s winner it
might be I don't know might be the
second one it might be the YouTube one
it might be one of the Twitter ones but
yeah I'm not gonna say which one is the
iPhone 6s with winner um yeah it's
really hard to choose because a lot of
writer died and do me out there like a
lot of you so hard to choose this tough
no I'll make my brother choose you gonna
choose which is myself
Marty Suzie stuff no I needed to yeah
oh we may get to choose the winner for
me anything you begin
that's the big hug you know pick up I
was snatch I was snatch you up was
holding recipe huh why should I Oh cuz
I'm most important hair the Dina started
crying so then after that you made cane
Abe came in Brian came in and then he
like he grabbed in about Nike chokes
Anna to the floor and he chokes I'm Dina
Dina stop crying yeah but that is such a
muscle hugger
he's a Mawson hugger so Oh what are you
doing yeah Dina why would you do that
hear how she just put in what the heck
just went on but that is done she's
hugging in that did I just push this it
would not wanna be enough hey daddy hey
Haven he was crazy
Tina psycho no girls take a shot off the
haircut how was it was it good fresh no
one we've done once on your line you got
the straight line hair last you got you
know is it so today it is my nephew say
laughs birthday he's four years old so
I've gotta call him tell him happy happy
birthday and the reason why I barely see
him because he lives all the way in
Brooklyn about an hour away from me and
ya think about gonna call Yousef right
now and I'm gonna put say off on the
phone say off hello happy birthday happy
birthday you wanna buy you the dog say
yeah tell me what you want for your
birthday
you're gonna buy you the doggie you may
buy your puppy okay what do you want to
name it loony her name loony
yeah he's alone you like you what color
do you want the puppy what color red
blue you want a blue puppy how do you
want a boom puppy oh my gosh so it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed this fog dead make sure you had
a thumbs up and go Turkey to Mirada died
UMI's when I made it to the end this
vlog make sure you give it a thumbs up I
just want to say that slim pulled a
crazy crazy I think it's probably one of
the craziest pranks that he has ever
done on me and what cost when were in
Dominican Republic he pretended that we
were getting robbed and that our problem
was getting robbed I was so scared I was
so worried so if you guys want this is a
little preview right here
if you guys want to watch the full video
it'll be on his channel the link will be
down below for the full video so make
sure you go to thumbs up and I'm so I'm
praying kaboom because that's not a
prank but I give him props for that and
yeah I have announcement for Oslo Norway
tickets are now out live down below if
you go to Norway tickets there is
tickets left
ordinary tickets left meet agreed
tickets I'm trying to get more meeting
me tickets for Norway so go check the
link below if there is meeting me
tickets and Emmys there has been added
and I spoke to organizers to add some
and if there isn't try to get ordinate
it's still gonna be crazy
Adams ratchet tour this world tour is
gonna be amazing the first announcement
that I had was also Norway and next week
have many more announcements for more
cities so make sure you guys I always
tell you guys I always tell you guys
first come first serve and just be fast
because I want like you know the the
die-hard ride that Adobe's always get it
first and I want you guys to deserve it
you guys deserve to be there first and
breaks my heart when some people like
you guys are out of that dummies but you
got a late and you can't get any like
tickets or nothing like that you know it
gets me really sad so I want you guys
always stay updated and be on the
lookout on that I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another daily vlog take
care of do me gang or peace I'm here for
you
always a feather I'm sure that those
teeth let me wipe them away
I know okay
this what you say
