I don't live you know more mission why
mission why hey guys what's up adieu
meeting I hope you're having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be happening in amazing so I got a
really really really bad news
most kind of good news for me kind of
bad news but I came with a decision to
move out tomorrow and today will be my
last day here in the Adams family house
I just feel like I'm getting older now
and like I have much more like
responsibility so I don't know I feel
like I was really common today I was
like I don't feel like it's timely I
don't wanna like take up space with my
mom and I need to like have my space and
just do my thing and stuff like that so
today's gonna pretty much be the last
vlog but you won't see my family for
really really long time because I'm
gonna head back to LA do not know how
long I'm going to be there probably
three four months then I'm gonna come
back here because I'm gonna be shooted a
lot of stuff over there so I'm so sorry
I'm really so so sorry if you guys are
like mad or like sad or something like
that you guys and I'm really sad myself
but it is what it is you got to do what
you got to do I'm going to show Muhsin
here gonna show Rima juh man and that is
family today and everything should go
well and a shovel everything goes give
me a give me a happy be cool come on
ready set go climb let's go spider-man
let's go spider-man
copy I'm really really really gonna miss
his do so much seriously you guys do not
know how much I'm gonna miss gap boy say
cheese say cheese cap boy when he saw me
he was so shy like he was quiet for like
the first 30 minutes you like this I
miss you baby I miss you so much do you
know how much everyone miss you if I
miss you so much in your hair's getting
big I need to get you another haircut
maybe we should make it blonde one this
last time they're gonna see you for a
while tell them tell them you love them
say love you I love you take care love
you too
I just want to tell you guys that it's a
prac it's a break I'm joking I'm not
really moving out I'm back home actually
ever I'm back home hey I'm back home eh
I'm back home hey hey I've got you guys
I finally got you guys do bi I prank you
guys finally I'm finally pranked you
guys and you know what I'm gonna do
right now it's time to prank my family
I'm gonna prank I'm gonna take out my
family first Adams on the outside follow
play around and I'm come back home and
I'm pranked the crap out of my dad Rima
Jim add everyone in my house because no
machine is like I just I gotta come back
with a welcome back Bank you know what I
can't come back and welcome back like
hey I'm back oh my god hey I'm gonna
come back with mom I'm moving out that
I'm moving out go see what's going on
but see how it goes today take it let's
see what today brings us earth was so
given any feel laughs I miss you more
was good sit down you guys okay how are
you guys doing now you want to hook what
kind of fake hug was that you guys ready
yeah that's ready to go turkey cheese
you know heavy hi guys we out here in
turkey cheese chillin I'm really I'm so
sick of this
show you guys right now rimas outfit of
the day she got some flower dress this
is Reema's dress to spin around Wow
looks nice okay you got Kylie and
Kendall right there
what do you guys do huh I remember one's
easy to be so much fun
sure little be like puppies what the
heck is this what are you doing Barney
i'ma show you guys how cheese anyone she
puts down when she just goes in there
sorry you know
he's not gonna do anything she's scared
of cheddar cheese
it's like a lottery for them oh come on
what's up oh my god what the hell oh my
god it's like chuck-e-cheese like rage
them to fight by throwing all these
tickets are like this are still at each
other two kids just bought the tickets
right now surprise human agreement was
gonna that's I'm sure we had a big fight
come on come on that's one
cuz - oh come on take your time
that's three let's go let's go just met
up with the homie Hamza
goes out again by using oh that's the
one where you sing like hey you have it
did your picture McDonald Sun hair my
bro is it yellow like a McDonough oh my
god oh my god plane or a McChicken
economy he said when those overhead a
Madrasi to the highest feel like it was
a highly species inhale
score is on the sparrow
come on I wanna spring as good as good
so write your score is 13 all right let
you go I'm add up both of your scores
all right and then I'll go okay and if
you guys win I'll give you $100 okay
let's see I'll just go okay I'm just
coming to class a little bit
McDonald sign hairline is helping him
out okay
okay that's good I got nineteen what's
19 plus 20 19 plus 13 I don't beat 32
yeah
two dollars which if I do meet you guys
or both you guys do 100 pushups
nice
when word
you put your I didn't push him I got 34
so you know what that means
you guys are doing push-ups if this is
how you make it do push-ups and they
said what to push me yes Wow
fights on you push me Wow Rima give an
Rima give ad I shouldn't tell you guys
that today
today was an amazing fun day was the
best day when I'm busy in my life and
chunk of cheese with you guys I got to
tell you guys that what do you mean no
what is it what is it I'm moving up and
I just wanna say I miss you guys
I don't know what I'm gonna come back
today I'm gonna leave
that's that moving out I'm moving out
yard I don't think I'm ever gonna come
back maybe 2018 that's the weird look I
miss you guys so much when I come back
I'm probably gonna be married
there's four kids 18 what are you doing
what are you doing let me pack myself
what are you doing hello oh yeah better
come with me yeah yeah you're gonna come
with me yeah okay
it won't be well no no no guys I'm
serious I mean serious you guys think
I'm messing around I'm not messing
around I'm serious look let me see you
guys real soon
I love you guys no I'm not coming
tomorrow
coming to 2018 yes it is what it is so
don't tell nobody then I'm moving out
what are you guys doing you guys serious
yeah be careful are you gonna say I said
don't owe nobody gonna couch Amida fix
the camera I'm moving up are you gonna
go
no hari-kari Oh too cold outside not a
bit Sena sorry Bethany mate when is UFC
I know it has the Octagon time and tap
into you I will leave only the house no
I don't leave you no more Michigan why
Michigan why Missy - Ana
what are you gonna eat magaluf yeah I'm
gonna go live my girlfriend a
complicated on Hawaii
go to aspect oh my gosh is every good
hair funny and I said wait no no Ana my
role now is now is our time now this
issue Beit Sahour - pizza no okay nope
that wait what and then you're like Ella
so like like a girlfriend for again I'm
leaving moving up that's it
woman what do you want my to go I can
hardly believe it going on you know
kidding me I on the video
Oh again I saw another that's it
oh I'm Jon Nelson baby in it and then
even know
welcome back home and not even know
beneath me hold on oh this is my welcome
back yes I did be very good this is my
welcome back all right guys I'm gonna be
wrapping up this batch this vlog / Craig
here I hope you guys enjoyed a huge
thumbs up for my dad for this crazy walk
come back at my house I'm finally home
I'm finally home this is my welcome back
its pranking the crap out of everyone no
I thought you guys thought this is gonna
be easy you don't say I'll come back and
just be no I'm coming back and pranking
my whole house that's what and you guys
and thumbs up for Rima for actually
catching me with the cam I need to hide
it better now this is the second time
the second time oh my god but it's all
good
I'll see you guys so happy to be back
home now so it's an amazing feeling
being back home if you guys do not know
I am not moving out I did I was I was
really okay I was really thinking about
it yesterday
I was really thinking about moving out
yesterday but right now I'm good luck
excuse me we talkin to like that who you
talking to like that who are you talking
to like that huh we talk to each other
I'll see you guys tomorrow do me gang
take care I love you and peace I love
you take it
Hey
always a feather I'm sure that full
teeth let me wipe them away and okay
this would choose a slave
