hey guys what's up and do me gank I hope
you're having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so we're
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy the do me gang
I'm not used to this I don't think I'm
ever gonna be posting an Instagram
picture ever with this hair and forehead
looking like this to be honest I didn't
even wanna vlog or do anything cuz I
look like a complete mess slim I promise
you I'm telling you this now you just
did something you cannot finish I see
you everyday bro good luck I wish you
the best in life you're in my house
right now all the laundry was about to
come out and see my hair she's gonna
freak out but I do me yank me Muhsin
eight kicks and Remo we're heading
outside I do not know where we're
heading out to Bob believe we're gonna
get something that's either pink or
something that's either okay so the
thing is with us our our middle-eastern
family we've never ever done baby gender
reveals it's not a Middle Eastern thing
process is just like awesome boy oh it's
a boy what's a girl honest nope it's a
girl but it don't be gay today we're
gonna make it lit for you guys I just
have to let my son know that blue is boy
okay I need him to know that the color
blue is for a boy is your eye getting
better let me kiss your boo-boo so I
cannot wait three months right there
it's not red what is it it's purple
pink you may do pink yeah you sure know
me are you trying to get me beat up by
my dad she's crazy with it do me gang we
just got to Party City with the man 8 k
x8 Cakes wassup man so Abe he's the only
one that knows if it's a boy or a girl
tell me what is it come on I'll tell you
come on please just tell me in turn come
on tell me I tell you my fat come but I
don't know is it I don't know I don't
know what is it a boy I don't know
yo man Abe always trying to compete me
look at this look in his Easy's look at
my Easy's man what's up it was - there
was somebody color oh man that means
slim man I never changes it up do me
gang so I'm hiding right now from Wesson
ARIMA cuz I got to talk to you guys and
let you guys know what we're doing so as
I told you guys this is the first time
ever we're doing a gender-reveal we
don't really know how to do it and we
don't really know who's supposed to know
or not I'm telling you guys were like
rookies at this but I'm gonna make it
dope for you guys it's doom again so
this is what we're gonna do is since the
dad is Abe we're gonna make eight we're
a funny-looking crazy outfit if it's a
girl he'll wear a pink outfit like this
with this mask pink hat pink scarf pink
socks pink everything and if it's a boy
it'd do me again you guys will see Abe
wearing a whole blue outfit blue mask
blue scarf blue socks blue everything so
pretty much that's what we're gonna do
with doom again and then Abe is gonna go
inside the room change up and the moment
he comes out if it's blue it's a boy if
it's pink it's a girl I'm so so excited
to do it I can't believe I know I could
tell you guys mama just i'ma just wait
I'm not gonna let you guys know right
now it'd do me gig we just left Party
City man it's about to get wild we got
the outfit I don't know you guys it's
getting pretty cold it's gonna be crazy
doom again they just got no shoes ape
kicks he's even
Reimer kicks and read my kicks and
matching cakes what the heck
Wow let me see wow that is dope
Wow it looks nice and plus we got that
crap attack shout out shout out to my
boy Caius guy is cool kicks man you got
competition
eight kicks will call me you up man oh
my god you called him up kicked this
cupboard for you big ape kicks has come
a few man crap protecting you may not I
got a crowd protect my mother I'm joking
man I miss you guys over here in a few
minutes you guys will know if it's a
girl or a boy he wants a boy and you
want a girl sorry mom what would you do
if it's not a girl like what if it's not
a girl what's in it so what would you do
if it's if it's not a boy yeah you gonna
beat her up oh my god before we show you
guys our bill do me hey I want you guys
to subscribe subscribe right here
subscribe get some some thumbs up and
let's do it
let's see how this let's do it next time
Adobe gang it is time right now to do
the gender baby reveal kids you guys
ready yes alright so any ideas any any
thoughts last words any last words you
guys wanna say if it's blue it's a boy
Grima if it's blue it's a boy if it's
pink it's a girl okay Baba he's gonna go
inside he's getting white outfit if his
whole outfit is blue he's a boy if his
whole outfit is pink then it's a girl
maxime you ready to go hey buddy already
it's a pink let's see how it is mustn
you ready you want blue hey you got this
jacket all right guys it's doom again
this is the moment of truth
Amy's gonna go inside that room we're
gonna hide over here come over here
he's going in he's going in oh this is a
big big freaking moment this is insane i
mama wait what do you want it to be be
honest be honest come on this man
doesn't know what it is I'm saying I
like girl feels ARIMA I like works at
the Munson but another boy they do not
know what it is so let's aim 50,000
thumbs up zoom yeah okay
three months we might Reba Reba okay
it's okay so the boy way to get another
busted weapon Mohsen weapon you know be
sad look we have another Boston it's
okay you're the special one you can see
more like now you're protected you
protected it you protected it you know
you squatted it up she's talking about
your baby
I'm a brother Remus Allah can you guys
tell me how do you feel I'm a daughter
of a moose and how do you feel thank you
doc how you take it you feel like a
tiger are you happy that it's a boy how
happy are you three that's amazing Wow
Reema how are you feeling are you mad
because everyone commits to me a girl
look he's your brother what did he want
a girl so bad oh I got a questions a man
I got a question say I got a question
aim not that it's a boy you know I've
been telling you since we're younger you
got a name your son Adam have you I know
three time your son Deemas your
brother's head you got a name Adam
I got to think about it come on what
never have a better idea if you be nice
knickers
yeah the sneaker collection I'll name my
man
hey that means I got to go hard in the
sneaker collection Oh manga I got to go
ah congratulations
sit all right congratulations to that
establish and want to celebrate do me
gig we're gonna be ending the vlog here
I just want to say eight once again
congratulations to a healthy and sha la
la baby um and yeah it's like so many
more success to to many more babies
twins next made me another one don't
know you know you next your chunk get
married next and have kids ex but um I
adapt to you slim at the slim uShip you
some food use a mousse right there I
love you everyone
me mom so sorry I feel bad for her but
I'm don't let me sad you know
okay look look you gonna have to learn
to love your brother is okay okay so
what are you gonna do get it you're
gonna have to protect your brothers -
you gonna protect them how you get a
protective show me how yeah yeah yeah
Hey hope you guys enjoyed this video
thank you guys so much doobie gang I'm
gonna see you guys tomorrow
subscribe you're OK I love you guys I
see how tomorrow
take care air base see ya I love you so
I had to get another one it's bad my
life in a runway PJ's on a PHA head
nachos the DJ I've got baby I'll replay
sack paper like a briefcase imma make
you face your
