hey guys what's up Adobe gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all yeah so this is like
my day one being kicked out mouth not
really kicked out
well not allowed in my house until the
visitors are gone I just feel like I'm
not feel like my mom was way way too
nice a lot of people take advantage of
her a lot a lot of people just step on
her and when I come in and tell her like
mom look and stepping on you there
they're taking advantage you she comes
in like get out what are you doing you
notice you have blonde hair who are you
talking to oh my god so I'm like then it
gets crazy and she doesn't go no didn't
leave now to come back and just it just
gets Wow Wow but I don't know the only
thing I'm really sad about I'm just so
sad I can't see my family I want to see
them I could see them for like - he's
having seen Rima I haven't seen Marcin
obviously German I haven't seen Deena I
haven't seen Rima was literally trying
to call me before when I try to pick up
my phone died it was just like oh my god
I don't even know what to do I'm so sad
and like I'm heartbroken you guys may
not see if I'm heartbroken I want to see
you Rema Rema I miss you I love you you
know what I would do tonight we'll go
take a shower
get ready and i'ma look for you Rima
without my family like
I know where every mom is going to be at
like wishing it's like dropped out of
school so I'm trying to go there and
really hopefully I really hope that I go
there early enough that they don't show
up like kidnap him up
now I'm steelwork don't want to see her
and I miss her so let's see what today
hi so I just got outside and it is super
super cold and the only cold clothes
that I have that warm you up is leaves
because I want to communicate republic
so I don't really have anything like I
didn't bring anything like to dress me
up warm only the day that I left when I
was 7 here so if I'm not going to go get
a quick brunch to eat sup man
your blood because you work in Omega oh
you're gonna be in this block in a while
there you can watch it well yeah you can
watch my omega watches right now I'm
gonna go get a quick brunch to eat and
I'm gonna go probably buy something like
a little toy Reema cuz I miss it so much
I'm this dream of it I miss my baby
I'm glad you're better homie some demo I
told him going to Denmark in Mari out
March March 14 or 14 with some Abita at
Denmark's get part huh I'm gonna
introduce one man always without you
guys like in New York
yeah hold over there not yes kind of who
wanted a female under you we're
scientists I'm up the girls not shout
outs little homies from Denmark they
said they're gonna go see me when I go
perform in Denmark in Copenhagen so I'm
so excited for that I wanted to do it to
scare the crap battery if you ever see
me please do not run up like like that
let's scare the crap out it I manned up
news and I'm swinging at you guys back
seat like that cuz you know I box so my
reflexes like we're just out of control
but yeah he'd shout out to you guys I'm
still looking for a place to eat and
also got to get like a little toy Freema
I didn't know where I'm going it's cold
this is the place all dogs I never knew
this adult like a dog toys or just all
dogs
this place has like five floors of just
don't roll balls balls I'm gonna get at
all she gotta go
all those dolls
more dolls upstairs this is so creepy
this is just a bunch of dolls yeah Hey
look I was like Remo she's younger
looks like mustard right now guys KC
must intervene with her here
hi I'm Austin hi Remo so I'm gonna get
Rima this doll just so she can feel like
she got she has a little sister like
this is so weird
her eyes closed when she lays down you
know was up then they closed open closed
open huh so I just left the doll place
got Reema heard all these dolls costs so
much they're so expensive for a dog I
never knew dolls cost like hundreds of
dollars like seriously dolls
put the heck balls cause 100 remember to
take care of this little girl as if it's
really her little sister and we're gonna
give her our name meeting room are gonna
your knee I really hope I see her I
don't see right now is gonna be a huge
fail I really really hope I see her mind
so many texts quick
Oh sandwich goin dream right now she's
here in 20 minutes
I really hope no one's there it's like I
really hope like whoever picks her up
like if it's my mom or her mom they come
really late so I can get to see here and
I'm just you her and they can Blake oh
my god where's she were bump into thank
God it's not like my mom or her mom it's
not like it was up
Lykos a bicycie I got her dog I read my
baby doll I'm sorry what's up yeah oh
wait you like huh oh man boy that's a
little sister she gonna name is where
you go my dear I'm going back in March
take it off you what's up
I should think I the homie ABCA No
why Freeman I thought someone else can
pick crops I was scared but since he
came it's all good
no they dog you know kidnap Remo too
cold Daisy is freezing freezing you're
so hot Dominican from so has like 90
night but you know something
it's not Sunday it's going snow on
Sunday 1 foot snow no way
yeah
what is here we must
Goga
yes
that's your little sister
like it
it looks like you Rema what do you want
to name it
butterfly why would you name your little
sister butterfly this is gonna be a
little sister okay okay
she is gonna talk doing she's a little
sister right
she's good door
are you gonna change your diapers
anymore I think I should move out or not
you want me to move out what
Montillo me to move ARIMA give me to go
home la I'm gonna leave no I'm gonna
leave okay
yeah I love you take care friend ah
nice seeing you take care enjoy a doll I
love you take care of alright
hi it's not just enough three months I'm
heading back to the hotel to my home
until I get home I'm going to go release
some belly dancing in Dominican Republic
and the new vlog a little release it
right now it's getting kind of late 4
o'clock now like leasing out my laptop
so I just released a new blog and the
new Instagram video belly dancing in
Dominican Republic I'm waiting for some
right now and I'm laying down getting a
little rest I'm thinking about like
what's like what's been going on today
like I feel like I feel like one of
those single dads like who doesn't have
their like family to have to go visit
them for like 10 minutes however is a
dream for like 10 minutes and leave it
and you have to like no one want to see
my child I want to pay child support my
child I can't see much okay I visit him
on this day from this time so I don't
know just I don't know just kind of
sucks I'm thinking about I don't know I
don't know guys is it time is it time is
this a sign is this a sign should i is
this time for me to like move out you
guys let me know the comments below
should I move out or should I not
I'll see what you guys say and I'll make
a decision soon I don't know if I should
move out or not you guys let me know I
don't know I'm so thinking about it I
feel like I don't know maybe this is
just like a sign from God telling me to
move out like an old let your mom and
parents and family live and you go do
your tank lickle came to visit me the
homey
slam yeah he's gonna be sleeping over
every day ah this is my new home like it
it's not to shove it in it like I'm late
then we're gonna go out get some booze
y'all go I barely only sound stuff and
then go eat we are having lunch from
Lucky lunch lunch at this all a lot of
spot here
what you eating but saving Sutra what'd
you get me ha charmington we're
estimating here stop talking so fast
I'm not talking bad just listen slow
you're talking so fast
you're not coming fast it's like oh okay
sorry mr. gray head we're gonna tell you
guys graduate I know Monday we're off to
LA we're going to Los Angeles you're
back going to Oh mother and my beef it
was approved to labs for you guys and so
I should go well I'm so excited for that
so slim pulled a crazy really crazy
prank on me and woke us it was so
freaking well that I even I better give
it a props like it was so crazy I was so
unexpected so I give you props but I'll
do that
I'm sorry Frank I might I might give
them a little preview on the day it
comes out Sunday Mike I'm sorry my
comment like we put up a video called
public there's in Dominican Republic to
feature an item with us I did a couple
of a couple while there so if you guys
want to see it I'll be in the link below
forget ten thousands up you guys can see
the prank he did I'm evil constant that
prank but you have to really see you if
you don't get it yeah I really even if
we don't get it you have to go because I
want to show that I want them to see how
messed up you are I don't know I'll read
it to you but also mister up please I
Brian have you got his messed up i gosh
it was time to wrap up this vlog I hope
you all enjoy spike did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go turkey
remember what I said let me know in the
comments below and yeah let me see how
many of you do not want me to move up if
you do not want me to move out give it a
thumbs up if you do let me know in the
comments below and we'll talk about it
tomorrow take care and peace hello
you always in favor promise you that
those teeth
let me wipe em away I'm gonna be okay
this what you say
