then you got Evo hey hey hey guys what's
up do me dang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing this so if I'm having an amazing
day then I even have me none of us
having me today because it's our last
day here in Dominican Republic the sad
sad day we do not want to go back to New
York City where the cold is that itself
is out like that but it's all good have
to go back in to have family or chill
not here it Beach for a bit I just got
done filming my belly dancing in
Dominican Republic video should be up
right now so if you guys wanna check it
out he'll be down below a little hint
for you guys to enter the Instagram
winter giveaways to you know comment and
like know that you know I'm just saying
slow hey you know say but right now I'm
trying to go look for Luigi the guy that
I see that you guys seen at the last
vlog but he's not around but usually the
same spot that I always seen him he's
not there the last time I seen him was
about two days ago at the same spot and
the first thing he said to me when I
seen him he was like Salam alaykoum and
I was oh well I guess huh but I didn't
see him I don't see him right now I want
to give him like this thing and mom shut
that stuff but I don't know where he's
at so I don't know what to do should I
do it not there no that's it that's
taken right yeah no what is do leave it
in Sam yeah region yeah damn this is the
spot that I always you Luigi right here
wait I hear is this sucks man
Lita where you from the bigger yes we
love dominican people okay
dammit
hi guys so since this is our last
moments here in Dominican Republic I
decided we could do like little
Dominican trying Dominican chocolate
candy juice stuff like that I had a
bunch of stuff here
and we're gonna be trying it out is the
first product I'll give you trying this
thing called crotchy I don't even know
what it is
sounds like Karachi it sounds like the
city huh no sounds like the city facts
on karachi but it's called karachi
karachi i don't know it looks like it
says this far don't eat arrows so it
seems like as something crispy in it or
something cool like that's what's right
chai right now ready set go
mmm mmm it's really good work jack it
tastes like tastes like regular
chocolate mixed with like crispy like
Rice Krispies in it but he's really good
every time I taste something I'll be the
smell it for ya I don't smell it
how does a crunch into the cartridge oh
wait is over because it's bullion i
someone's not gonna know it's gonna be
walking this gotta move well yeah I knew
it oh no income people do that oh yeah
we have a video in Hobie for you he's
always in apartment anytime what is this
called how do you say this yep what is
this it Doki Doki a fucking ducky what
is this fucking Dominican chocolate them
yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm gonna get you're
gonna lean down would you choke on I
think okay me gonna try okay don't get
this
let's try together together together
well yeah well yeah well yeah
ready set go
Hey mmm mmm
all right me gusta chocolate a
dominicana
taste good this one if a guy likes one
better it's just like weight versus all
right this is like those old king of all
candy what doesn't get a kid together
you know what it was called laughing
Cleveland if you guys do not know joy of
the moment just comes in our apartment
just eat that's how close we are just
comes in to eat some shuffles ready
gonna mingle
I'm sorry Mingo yeah okay this is called
one one one one it is it's Santo
Domingo's many let's try it yeah yeah
Wow Wow very will make you open it oh
it's all right kind of dry them huh
hey move that whoo no it's all right
kind of job I like a ball man again I
think the first one what's this what
this is Galasso hey what is he laughing
I'm very good me brother's gonna resent
that this is a Dominican slip
well you just weird hello sir I guess it
would they do I put it
I saw just broke any mug is how it would
try it out skeleton see this is a
peaceful Kevin teases me William cuz
save it all for me William hmm just want
to go ah ah no this one's good well it's
a good feeling so fun the same thing has
like it taste like as like chocolate
inside of it too
this one's really good just like you
know in a rocky patch op on a rock
- one which are maketo you would
recommend oh and I think you talk to
each other Seto we're gonna share the
drink what is Dominique I'm Dominican
what's it called bhaiyya what I do
origins Dominican oranges yeah okay he
said orange Jim are you oh yeah
orange look I will try to see what I'm
doing that anger Wow what are you his
good man or in Shalom it's really good
try neuron huh it's called Madame Han
right now oh don't you like it
yeah enjoy don't rush it somebody lose
your monkey Lucy what's up Joe
collecting and I like a mix of your
works I don't know how I got it that I
got you for like a cheetah doesn't make
good doesn't mean I know brother I got
my things yeah does it make you shibito
mu knot IR domain account on you get
more the family okay yeah this is called
many 99 let's try it out but yeah yeah
no no no legatee Oh music you just ate
it with the Roger Roger
another design that any other rat I
don't she's good good no no no the
rapper's good Oh baby
sir it's like a mushrooms over there hey
my baby looks like a chocolate ball hey
sailor
yeah mmm
our favor one you ain't shit limitless
know that if you put in this pocket
he says I got fresh I live like I do man
I had to be shocked of his ice cream yo
that's game yeah so today okay chocolate
dome in comes from take a chocolate the
robbery thought I might hang I might
even yeah yeah Santiago tonight Kamata
any chocolate let's see how much Martha
my damage oh holy yeah truth that our
fruits good the juggle yeah yeah yeah
yeah keep them tell it a module around
midday yeah Matt gonna look like
machining my visa yeah proof fleas don't
let sue face the ruffle am even ask your
name
yeah Bruce Lee a temple international it
smashing well child I've got into
marketing yeah mmm I'm gonna miss you
mmm he's over John Freddie he's the
homie buddy right awesome
what's wrong he's a Dominican Vin Diesel
so we're gonna be wearing for you deaf
a Dominican primo during that you have a
name of a
tell me I'm okay
Hey oh yeah oh oh oh yeah we humbly more
gently love it let me make a meme oh hey
don't hide I'll put a clergyman oh we're
done with this family is like that hired
us it stands up the Dominican Republic
trip heading back to New York City to
the cold I just want to say you chat I
hope you work on sister look it was an
amazing amazing - most probably
ownership in my life so thank you guys
so much more as you realize every every
that love you guys okay I'm a mucho man
if you Rosie I love you thank you don't
have a nice day you should be having an
immediately right now so thank you guys
so much hope you guys enjoyed these
blocks in Dominican Republic we're gonna
go back to the cold go somewhere else
somewhere else next week so because the
problem
most of all go be the making public the
next cutting this will be in New York
City and as we'll probably see my family
suffer I am back in New York City in the
cold as you can see my jacket on and the
homey Youssef my nephew just dropped me
off what's good what's good he's when I
picked me up homie I'm getting my
license I promise in a couple weeks I'm
getting my license but right now as you
see I'm in a hotel in New York City with
this really weird view of construction
but then it's nice buildings out here
does dusty window with that so I
couldn't get home I'm gonna be straight
up honest with you guys
um there's visitors in my house still
visitors a mouse and there's a visitor
who seriously it's in my room
they're in my room and they're they
basically took over my room and then the
visitor keeps saying like oh I'm gonna
leave no I'm gonna leave tomorrow I'm
gonna leave tomorrow we leave tomorrow
we leave so now we leave tomorrow
and like mom's two nights and my parents
I can always think I stay it's okay sit
and it's just awkward for me to go home
and like see like other random ladies
like I just really I can't be myself I
can't vlog or nothing like that so kind
of got like I kind of got like a little
like little dumped argument a little
dumb argument and I was just like you
know what I'm not gonna go home I'm just
gonna go to hotel and a40 stuff with me
he's like a foursome and was gonna be
straight-up honest you guys just tell
you guys but hopefully I got back home
tomorrow and you guys can see Rima
Boston Adams family I was really really
excited to see now I miss them so much
I called them and everything but it is
what it is hopefully you guys enjoyed
this vlog we did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey huge huge thumbs
up and yeah as I said for the Instagram
giveaway for this day I want to give
away its some the belly dancing video
make sure you like and comment on it
because that's the say might be choosing
the winner on there maybe you know it
but I'm so happy I'm so chillin
everything so good hamdullah I'm gonna
cereal Adams family I'm just sad cuz I
couldn't see that
we can see them tomorrow I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and pitch I like
I'm here for you always a fathom promise
you that bullshit
let me wipe em away okay this would
choose to say
