hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so what I'm having
an amazing day you should have a seat
all right
I'm going straight to the action today
no intro in our apartment or whatever
like that because the Wi-Fi takes so
long so I'm going straight to action
we're trying to go quad biking
our goal today is to make sure to go to
quad biking so guys we're not going
quite like it we're going snorkeling
because quad language is done snorkeling
is gonna be even better watch footage
for you guys we got to go pro we can go
down 20 to 30 feet under water oh I
gotta go in somewhere in the middle I
don't know where we're going for
smuggling I don't know how it goes I'm
so excited I can't reach it about those
this is so scary
oh my god we're about to do it oh hey
hey no hide out boy ready to go bro I'm
on this little like speedboat it's gonna
take us you really rather a lot even I
was gonna happy huh I'm just so so
worried it's close here I bet God yes
noises oh my guy Marvin okay yeah thank
you yeah good for the older chick I love
it you know what I'm sayin oh my god one
where that you had to go for the well
sharks no nothing no song no sharks no
shit this way that was
hi guys les good luck good luck
see you later tomorrow ha ha oh I'm
scared man he got to the other side him
oh no no Sarge thank you sorry you sir
hi guys about to go feed the fish I
don't know if you can hear me I can't
hear myself we'd like to go feed the
fish I'm really really scared
I lost my slipper Yola oh he'll be ugly
what was it and isn't it shower here oh
my god Brussels very probably so many
gotta go holy shit I ran away from our
lunch
I gotta go rescue slim I'm going right
now I was doing it well good luck
I got you got the same here let's do
this both left clap
I got you somewhere
I'm gonna check out was good us
you
so we just got done with snorkeling and
we got done filming Slim's new main
Channel video can I tell them what it is
it's gonna be like public there's and
like Dominican public we've been doing
some crazy crazy shit we've been daring
each other and we we tell each other
some weird great crazy I can't tell you
guys you guys will see how scary it
looks in Dominican Republic at nighttime
all you hear is like crickets and like
we're SOPA my god it's like Yemen what
Ghana but right now we're gonna go eat
cuz we are starving so hungry sorry you
can't see me but yes I'm here you can
hear me we're gonna go on a motorcycle
which is that transportation to go eat
something which is gonna tell the driver
take us to any restaurant you want
that's that you think is good
frosty so let's see where he takes us
hopefully something good
everyday transportation
go public oh my god
I said they took us to Papa John's I do
not know why it's like in Americans but
I think it's the Papa John's I don't
know I'll try to go somewhere different
but what we hear it's a long ride
somewhere
so we got us some cheese sticks
looks like American food right he's
drinking something called what is it not
on how to quit it what Google then
animal once I mean do some for it we go
oh wow vintage alfredo pizza already
finished aren't you
cheese sticks he's local in much a local
look around mucho bueno I saw Adam
living either here in the middle
and it looks so good all the movies here
come out so late this let's wake it up
next wake it up enjoy a puppy minutes my
family and I I don't know let me know it
comes be a high so we just got done
eating I'm not getting wrapping up the
vlog the next couple days in Dominican
Republic because I don't know waste time
wiping up the vlogs and the Wi-Fi takes
so long it's super super Soviet you guys
don't understand how long it takes us to
upload these vlogs takes literally 10 to
12 hours and we have to stay next our
laptops for 10 to 12 hours and I'm sorry
I'm talking so fast because I don't want
to hit make it like any longer I can
make these vlogs means them can make our
vlogs literally 15 20 30 minutes long
but with the wife I want to give you
guys something upload something so we
cut out cut out everything keep it the
best of the best for you guys so yeah
it's gonna end here thumbs up go turkey
and oops I like go turkey so watch this
always a feather I'm sure that bullshit
let me wipe them away and I'll be okay
this would choose assay
