hey guys what's up a dummy gang I hope
you all have an amazing date because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing you all should be having an
amazingly so this is going to be just an
unedited video of the giveaway telling
you guys how to enter this giveaway so
there's gonna be three one two but seven
winners in this giveaway seven winners
the first-place winner will win this
iPhone 6s brand new 64 gigabyte his
iPhone 6s right here brand new just in
case you guys see my phone and don't
things legit like this is my phone this
is my iPhone success that I got since I
lost my phone this is the one that I'm
gonna be sending up to the person I
second-place winner I do not have the
prize on me but it's a gold hoverboard I
don't know if you guys wanna but it's a
gold hoverboard that I'll be getting in
New York City it's just I'm in Dominican
Republic
alright so first places I have more
success second place is the hoverboard
and then the last place winners were
five winners that I'll be choosing and
they'll be winning a written letter for
me and a picture and something just
something specialist that that means
let's say like my necklace salsa or
something something from me to you guys
and written letter five people so the
seven winners seven winners alright and
this is how you enter the giveaway I'm
not gonna say like which one I'm going
to choose from which social media book
on YouTube I'll be choosing one winner
on YouTube and the way to enter the
queue on YouTube is you have to give it
a thumbs up comment you know give a
thumbs up to my main channel video that
I just put up that's a hint for you guys
but you got to give it thumbs up to any
of like my videos comment there is it
just be active on a youtube video and
YouTube I don't know this is nothing if
you guys know this new thing on YouTube
where it tells you who's the most active
who was the most you know who thumbs up
most with comments the most who this is
not the most on YouTube it tells you the
number one person so whoever that is
that would be one of the winners on
YouTube and I suggest you guys to thumbs
up the new video that I just put up on
my main
which is down below because that's just
a little hint that I'm telling you guys
no go turkey on it extra it's great you
gotta if you guys really trust me you
know I'm fine
and I'm choosing another winner on my
Twitter my Twitter is down below so you
have to be following me on Twitter and
or just give a little mention you know
just a little mention saying you know
drop a little mention and let me know
just let me know and also you drop a
little cute mention or something like
that and then another winner will be on
my Instagram drop a little cute comment
something reminding me telling me why I
should give you that and one of the
social media ones will be I'll be
choosing five so I might choose five on
YouTube I might choose five on Instagram
or I might choose five on Twitter so
hope you guys understood alright guys so
I say thank you guys so much for helping
me reach 1 million subscribers this is
like my main channel this is like
something for me to give back I know you
guys are like saying I don't always you
mind giving back but I don't I feel like
only you guys someone I want you guys to
like have something just I don't know I
feel I going to do a nice give and I
really got a big giveaway for you guys
so I wanted to do one so thank you guys
so so much I'm also about to reach a
million subscribers on my black channel
so if you guys haven't subscribed make
sure you subscribe on my black channel
and my main channel stay updated with me
every single day on Twitter Instagram
everything is down below
good luck and it'll be one week 7 days
you guys have 7 days and I'll be
announcing the winner next Sunday thank
guys so much so whoever gets this ok
iPhone yeah hi guys this is you guys
take care
we can see you back in with the vlog
tomorrow give it thumbs up on the new
main channel Frank it's tough but I
finally got him and just a little hit
you just handle it take care and peace
let me write them away I know this what
you say
