hi baby what's up nope another fuckin
eye good right right
hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having it
amazing right now I am in Dominican
Republic they have a couple more days
here left I just made breakfast for the
homies I couldn't vlog I think some was
walking there buddy it makes it cool and
about me chilling supper Bonilla I made
up some eggs and cheese right here
I also made them from bread and they did
have Nutella but this is called
embarrass Ella yes I know it is but it
tastes really really good
so apparently in the room um me I kept
the gas open back sit in the oven idiot
but I didn't know us I swear I did not
when I was cooking it was there for well
parsley was so fuckin killing us they
kept recording me he's blaming us I'm
sayin I'm setting the husband harm they
kept recording me boys when I made that
food they can't fill me I mean I made
some house knife would be honest
mother's good boy you wanna die first of
all I know hey you set us on fire no
no's backs in it bro I left the gas ovum
accident like the whole like made and
owners everything just fixed it up you
open the windows and everything
literally like something bad can happen
but I'm the left it went well you know
I'm saying but right now today we're
gonna try to go plot biking if not we'll
see what today brings us to why hey Sam
I the dummy
hey dude that going to fairs good ha ha
ha do that alright so we just got an
idea we're trying to go cut back your
now I'm going to take you guys on our
journey a minute-to-minute from
everything
oh my god motorcycles they're going to
try to go five my camera what's scary
about some motorcycle they don't have to
think
these people have been tanning since
yesterday it's crazy I can't do that we
are taking a little fruit juice break
because it is so hot I got pineapple
juice pineapple I never use em banana
juice I got mr. pineapple okay yeah I'm
so soft you guys do not know how hot it
got a so beautiful you try - higher
do I stupid but as far as this this
spring
what
i'ma go
Otis is dangerous item yeah
Megan traffic causing traffic
hello here yeah what's up
I'm sorry Joe
I don't know so our quad biking we went
really late we've also got 1 p.m. we
ended up being about 2/3 so I have to go
to tomorrow so now we're trying to go on
the regular motorcycles is realizing
it's just really fun and before what's
up man I do my brother my brother me
he's not home anyways what's your name
again
go down wait sir Wilson yeah one side of
me was not Adam I must do the slimming
or carsick in the yellow how do you go I
do what is yeah Lisa yeah give me I got
a pretender to happen please see right
there please a literally right there I'm
not gonna look I can't like I like down
man I'm not trying to get a chocolate
don't lie we're just gonna go back to
apartment for a bit cool up upload the
main Channel video and after that go
back out see what's up this is full
right here
who they going in on this hi guys so I'm
getting putting on my Adam a senior
solid coat to be going into the beach so
you guys a little preview what's gonna
happen Dominican Republic might be doing
belly dancing doing public real soon so
hopefully turns out great
I'm going to turn from Adam sonic so
Adam Watson like this a lot of you like
out of it up good out of me yes do a lot
a little bit she's a very suited up
hello this is a democracy now solid
everyone American Republic but you know
the ladies from at the AMA AA battery
nough and
Macias Habibi number one and have used
it over to me yes baby let's see the
people's reaction here in Dominican
Republic
let me dressing up like this where would
be a good reaction it will be bad react
so far it's good people love in Arabic I
don't think they've ever seen anyone
dressed up like this in Dominican
Republic
you know what happened they're gonna
think I'm one happy no no this is all
the way from let me know how you living
on not in a couple Yemen you ever you're
the first
Arabic person that I'm not come out of a
bottle
nice Mahad nobody's gonna get scared
like this
what areas let's go put that thing on
your head don't wear like that
no people liked it and I'm being ordered
a not gonna do nothing to you
like because what is
so what I'm going to show them is what
they don't see on TV I'm gonna show them
the nice part of me you know I'll say
you got to change their minds they keep
watching the media media is all bullshit
so when they see me be nice
they just showing me what's going on
Obama show them the good thing you know
they will see the media that's so crazy
how I just put Sun and the first person
I met was Arabic the first thing he said
was oh they're gonna think you're
terrorists don't worry that don't worry
that how your own people would say that
so I got really mad that I go out to the
Dominican people they're actually really
nice to me like they're all really nice
a loving the people looking like in a
good way not like other places or like
give me dirty looks
hi guys I'm gonna see right now these
guys like notice Who I am because I was
literally here two hours ago so and they
spoke to me to someone and okay remember
like with the same outfit don't be a
baby what's up I love it no but can i oh
good I'll be good
racist ah no no como va no no no no why
shape in well that's no good media media
such as the media shows the world I see
you see the computer in ohms
is this luck or you lo Ãºnico I look
middle didn't you say oh well show me no
nanana muchas via mucho bueno
okay bye look a leg it is like it no see
he likes it you want one yeah you try
Adam up see Assad never does this he's
gonna do air he's air he's air flying a
Dominican Oh Aston you random double a
Osama with ladders no no no I love a
cell phone it's not I said whether you
like it but you wanna all fresh
oh brother see you look nice man don't
you even expected oh he doesn't it goes
because it looks so fresh Ivan say as
Salam aleykum following Selassie you
know that's good I like it exercise book
I'm gonna get all the ladies man all the
chicas oh yes Lola chicken if you leave
me this one
I don't know why I want to do the belly
dancing with I'm gonna give it back to
you after we get it I'm gonna come back
if I give you a because I need to do
videos
three days three four days I come back
after and you want it gosh yes
let's do that every day like it every
day again Dominican Republic Punta Cana
we try to enjoy vacacion ottoman coming
here the best time my man is Lucas that
was so sweet and so touching I want you
guys to give a huge thumbs up for that
guy and leave a comment below and
Spanish or English for that guy because
I give him the channel name and he's
gonna see it and I want him to see some
cool positive stuff from you guys so
leave a nice comment or a nice you know
thumbs up so he can see some cool
feedback for you guys it would be really
nice in the beginning he was like saying
like oh I have a bomb whatever bomb bomb
then he ended up loving the clothes he
wanted to where he wanted to keep it I
might give him to it after the belly
dancing video so should I go cool um I
got a dog let me wipe em away okay this
would choose to say
