what hey guys what's up adieu me gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing day so right now I
got to get ready to pack we are leaving
tomorrow morning so tomorrow you guys
should see well we I have it even packed
I'm so bad with like packing always do
last minute packing then after that I'm
gonna reveal my hair to my family to see
what they think about it and good thing
I'm gonna be out right after this so
they won't have to like I won't have to
see like much complaint too much like
craziness and Yelling's for my mom so
let's see what today brings us see how
go and I'll see you at the next shot eh
I am here Marcin and I give five big
five you thought you guys ready you guys
ready ready I about to see my blond hair
I know and I'm so nervous cuz last year
she goes crazy because I'll read my but
SIA come here what Moses please we got
it is good I'm your uncle Adam didn't do
anything
Oh Mike there's nothing oh my gosh okay
okay go okay okay it's a boy
it's a way okay okay okay so it's
alright I'm sorry it's all it's all
that's all it was good
muscles nuts care he's just touching it
look like he's just like weirded out
he's like Rima calm Rima was scared
earlier she was scared before
do you like it now like how much do you
like it a lot a little bit be honest
I like it a lot niggas gonna make your
hair like that yeah why I don't make a
pink real ones pink here that was up if
you guys go Rima oh you already do
that word that P R a and K word on Rhema
to maker have so I'll be a good pran K
on her make my son blood yeah touch it
good how's it feel really good that's
cool yeah Adam yes you look like the
banana
I don't like a banana yeah we roaster
emo hmm
do you guys funny yeah that's not funny
no it's not do think that's funny huh to
a gap boy let's see a gap we have a
sorry gap for so long they look at that
gap got such a big gap I'm leaving you
guys I'm leaving I'm going away going
away no I sit down every time I'm going
away for about a week or nine days ten
days to a secret location no to seek a
location here go to a different country
you kidding me I'm serious I'm Rima just
turned off the camera she literally just
pressed off like what are you doing
I'm leaving Rima I'm Korean thank you
why are you sad why are you sad because
you always miss me because what yeah I'm
going to different country yeah why not
me and not mean mustn't it going you're
staying here yeah me my sanity not gone
you're gonna stay here love you Rima me
 I'll see you soon okay I'll see you
soon okay I love you my son give me five
give them big kiss again
come on who watches me nothin I have a
surprise for you
I know what is it what is it you blonde
your hair oh it looks like you out of
them
oh my god you don't like it I like you
like it 1 through 10 what do you think
what is up Jimmy
someone's calling hey yo are you yo slim
hello yo are you inside the hotel i'ma
come down right all right all right
eyelid I got so right now I'm in this
hotel we can be staying here for a
couple hours until we go to a secret
location and if you have flights
tomorrow morning at around like a a.m.
so we need to renew we're not going to
like stay up or wake up so when you hit
it - it's a hotel so the people
downstairs can wake us up no we can go
I'm so excited for this so gonna be
chilling around in the city right now
I'm gonna go pick up Slammys downstairs
and let's see what we don't do tomorrow
easy I'm so excited oh I do that already
Oh what let's just go get Sun right now
I've the keys no I don't yes I do just
met up with the homie slim back yeah
what'd he do it the homie what cos is
upstairs taking shower on me and slim go
get some slippers because might not
might get hot at the place we're gonna
be at or we might just need slippers
because we need it for the bathroom so I
don't know we got a point
yeah way I want to tell you guys a weird
story that happens now I need to tell
you the story - it's so weird - I don't
want to mention like any names and
nothing like that I'm gonna say alright
so I was in a I was at the bank right
thank you
I was at the bank okay I'll have to make
taking out money I was gonna give it to
my mom and Dennis all right and then
after that I'm a lady comes out she
takes a picture of me takes bitch'll the
Remo - and Remos rimas dad was there -
so he was there yeah
so 60 pictures oh my god nice I know you
from snapchat she did we say YouTube
were like I know you from snapchat which
is weird over here and all of a sudden
she was like come on all of a set of
shoes I oh oh do you know that guy Mike
I was like Michael oh my god she's like
my car he's from the corner store now a
smooth same car as you he's your cousin
right I'm like who's my pal
so my crazy
like that number I don't know no Mike he
told me he's your cousin then I'm like
no I don't know Mike it's like oh man
you serious
I thought he was a cousin meet him kind
of had a thing and the only reason like
I had a thing with him because I thought
he was your cousin now I swear to God
okay what I was in would the work even
worse the thing about it was my older
brother heard it I'm all about spoke to
her he was like look like a lot of
people lying like they make believe that
like I'm their cousin to try to like I
don't know get get with someone else I
like that
and then he told the girl he was like if
I would even get with someone I think
just because he thinks that that's my
cousin and it is so weird she was
telling me show you serious oh you lied
to me and I'm like look um I'm pretty
sure his name is not Mike I'm pretty
damn sure his name is private like
Muhammad Ali yeah yeah Shah Mohammad in
something like that his name is
everytime like and I'm sorry but he's
not my cousin cuz I would know where my
cousin did okay please do not like
believe anyone so a lot of people like
Liars Federer MERS and make believe like
I'm there cuz I'm their family just to
get something they want I kind of fell
back because the girl was really like
heartbroken she's like wow he lied to me
we had a thing the only reason why I had
a thing because I felt like he was your
cousin I'm like Bobby I don't know I'm
never gonna see him at work I really
hope the girls I watch it is work for my
son
oh damn he likes being
to get your girls outside unless I say
that sometimes lost no matter who's the
fear like that no no I don't like them
no I just don't like that I don't like
when people like lie but I didn't like
the worse that a girl actually believed
them just got with him just cuz I'm not
gonna say enough Livia we go right now
two guys in slippered that's the
weirdest of the data really we're
about I swear to God my brother's like
what the hell is going on Dan boy yeah
we're going to get some slippers and I
gots no speaker that we can be using to
at the trip bomb user right now just a
blast music noisy bundles of pop you'd
be a little New York people of this
what do you want those are no meals one
of those 0 0 0 gamma heard you legal
all right so know where they sell
slippers because it's cold here so
farming found motels this lipid is
always simple slippers that we have so
when you get these and I'm gonna go okay
I don't worry from shelving try another
shot hey different Australia shout out
to show you where not a Melvin can you
say boy bloody my voice are you might
mozzie
oh yeah I knew that
Australia is it a fateful evening you
know splat I'm thinking I think some
guessing shoes and I'm here looking at
the ladies ladies you tell me who would
you guys wear these with you guys you
wear these like a few G's it is
this is like the whole leg like would
you guys wear these let me know in the
comments below this will oh my god
there's one even bigger than is it the
whole look this is so long
look look this give oh my god
this is literally like the size of my
whole life this is quick this is so
weird I don't know
I found a weird of someone I understand
maybe like here also like here or here
but this is way too like I don't know
would you guys write that maybe maybe
some of you guys can rock it
I don't know let me know if you do have
someone putting on shoes you see how he
looks like it was something simple you
know Jane here hi guys now we're getting
new cameras maybe a GoPro for the
activities we're gonna do their mind yet
seems good sure it is it how do I like
film it does it come with a stand with
it or no no you have to buy will get to
justify the same with that one um with
this stand go on that stand yes gonna go
on it yeah and this could go in water
and everything but you connect to your
phone and I said heat the footage I
think right yeah and that has a memory
card in it I need to get him to that to
good memory what kind of memory part is
eyes money yeah good okay I'm gonna try
it and how many I I think we can get it
I don't know zine
hi guys so we just got back to the hotel
I'm here with the homeboy cos we can say
what happens out what's good you ready
I'm ready
as we gonna be out in a few hours we go
into the secret location you want to
tell them what it is I can't tell them
that it's gonna be secret but we're
gonna wrap up this vlog here I'm a
teacher I wrapped it all right let's go
me like this say I guys it's time to
wrap up this black alright guys those
mmmm I say hi guys all right guys it's
time to wrap up this vlog it's time for
my super cool it say DJ Khaled DJ Khaled
is no no no is a little bit better but
it's time to wrap is vlog we'll see you
guys tomorrow in I seek a location take
care makes you give a thumbs up and go
turkey say go turkey go don't get no
Turk you know saying see you guys
tomorrow
see collocation see you guys tomorrow
take care
peace are you hello to my such a awesome
here for you always a fathom I'm sure
that then here I pay my way
okay this would choose a say
