hey guys what's up doing me gang I hope
you're all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing it so I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing my days much much better but
it's still kind of like bad news I kept
calling my phone my phone has not been
found has not been like returned a
nothing like that they're saying that
someone resetted my phone so someone
what the person whoever took it actually
reset it and they kept the phone for
themselves but it's all good everything
happens for a reason I ended up going to
get a new phone right now just came back
I got a new phone good thing I had
insurance good thing I had insurance
so Apple hooked me up with the iPhone 6s
good things still do happen so like yeah
also got a phone back I had insurance
the thing is slim does not know I have a
return and I put like a notify like for
my other phone who ever like turns it on
I put Slim's number like so they have to
call Sims number so I'm about to go on
over to meet up with slim and I'm gonna
make the uber driver pretend I'm gonna
write over a driver pretend to like he's
the guy who call my phone and he wants
money from it stuff like that so I'm
gonna mess with slim then after that we
have a crazy cool basketball game so it
should be a fun day see how it goes I'll
see you guys later at the next shot hey
I'm calling Sam right now all right
you're gonna tell him give me 500 ok
keeps him taking me money give give me
500 yes
they say if you don't give me the money
I will fight you
sorry CeCe are you gonna come now I
never cook oh come now
yeah no I want I want $1,000 in 1000
$1,000 see $1,000 now 1000 ow $1,000 now
say give me 1,000 cash or no one 1,000
cats
oh no my friend right now okay are you
you slip it what's up guys mr. nice
limbs here we're here in the locker room
no getting-ready stuff like that bout to
go have the big game East Coast which is
us versus the west coast that someone
comes low who you guys represent East
Coast was supposed to be honest
sometimes ice reps at West Coast like in
the NBA but today we represent the East
Coast all this now man both born raised
in Brooklyn
they're way too I never but we'll go
should be a fun match see how it goes
come on stirs oh love oh love oh love
guys just got here that's one apologist
Caius and Harris I'm sorry for coming
it's okay my powers go warm up my power
excuse for you guys not I no excuse
later I'm sorry mister come later but
she look at least you look good no I
don't bow looks like a mess I don't know
if I regret doing it
I showed it I never showed nothing this
is the blood I'm gonna feel nothing
really yeah i guys almost in time
hopefully all goes well some fun match
no hard feelings nobody should be good
yeah oh my god back crayons versus
little weird play like this brother let
this happen so if you win Tyson Harris
have to dye their hair yeah so hey what
if we win though
well I mean yes there's no option but
you can say it one knows it give me a
pair of Jordans here my Jordans
oh man you don't want my sighs oh okay
we get word Oh Matt how about Dan this
is what about yeah you got to take us
out for a nice meal
all right well awesome somebody I gotta
go take care to investigate so the
fucking place got a dying here and our
stakes are way higher than you and Han
something and an append two pairs of
each are you comparing that to dinner
I mean you have already so this is a
crazy mom mess and I will see it was a
video game ever here let's go with the
power you said I don't know how an
account three
say east coast one two three
great game man I'm not gonna sit here
and talk smack great game I was a good
cousin vicious I'm talking smack for you
guys because only means they really come
Natalie no yeah they cut - it up in the
bed alright now you guys gotta come over
there we go they can ask at our home
town but promise you next time when I'm
warmed up you know when I'm ready
stop and so what is very black is that
blood there but maybe dumb
so no fun Boston all right start is
awesome Oh cute aw that guy's in so well
let's rank Caden I can fire both of your
father you fuckin doin something
- all the time
Oh
that's how you want it I go I love you
bro come on it's a prayer your life
oh damn I can't that flies one sahi
strong guys like my dad to jumpy
he was like warm of Iceland yeah that
was good who's he
they go yell go to a Knicks game right
yeah they go check so she'll be here
mother Cuban we need push him again No
Oh sick well I'm so high so we just got
done with the basketball game and I'm so
mad cuz there's a lady who works her she
came up to us and she sold all that
cameras and tripods and then when Tyson
Harris up she was like you need to take
memory cards and delete everything
you're not allowed to do photography in
here so means you automatically check
out memory cards we hid in our socks but
I don't mess when you talk with it so
nothing of like leaving but yeah we
crazy it was a good game you chatter
told me Tyson Harris it's a good game I
liked it that we want to rematch in in
in California and your head next time so
I should go great but and that was a
nice match good job you got some amazing
that was fun I enjoyed it
those amazing right now we are in Red
Lobster happy for boobs real sparkling
all day nothing all day so it's pretty
cool
some Caesar salad absolutely smoothie
how do we know how come smoothies is
great it's crucial some mozzarella
sticks there's a shrimp coming through
ready guys mean slim Oh
we're walking around anywhere who look
like we're like the crayons like it
looks weird imagine walking with like
someone one has a mood like Jewish crazy
hair you're walking outside together
like it's like you can barely see right
now is it like they're just so weird
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
vlog I hope you all enjoy the swag you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go turkeys all Mirada that I do me
so I made it a lens vlog make sure you
give it a thumbs up thank you guys so
much for your love and support we are
leaving to a secret location in about a
day and a half or two so it is so
exciting I'm so ready to tell you guys
we'll see what's up
and yeah see how it goes from there some
crazy cool vlogs coming through crazy
cool adventures we're about to have
we'll see you guys soon and I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another daily vlog
take care and peace I like
always a feather I'm sure that fool Ted
let me wipe em away I know okay this
would choose a slave
