seriously man have so much love for him
so I'm about to show him in the vlog I
think he's been in one or two vlogs
today I will give him a little mini
interview so I can introduce you guys I
don't know
hey guys Mostafa do me gang this is Adam
Saleh and I am here at Hamza and Halen
father's house once again I'm wearing
the same outfit I didn't know I was
gonna sleep this long I thought I was
gonna be here for just two days so I
brought two outfits top now I'm actually
staying another day
who cares if I'm wearing the same outfit
all right guys I'm about to introduce
you guys Hamza Hyland for this dad
house I say what's up man I'm good you
ready yeah actually listen cuz you can
be near to that yeah
all right guys sake look I can't
actually comes it oh my god guys he act
so different full of his dad he's quiet
he's scaring you your little part
I'm joking I'm joking but his dad he had
a big impact in me starting YouTube
seriously man have so much love for him
so I'm about to show him in the vlogs I
think he's been in one or two vlogs
today I will give him a little mini
interview so I can introduce you guys
I'm says dad Mohammad is seriously like
a brother to me so my let's let's do it
man I'll see you guys in the next do me
gig I am with the homie Mohammed over
here Abu Hamza and Arabic we say
whichever comes are ya they use your
son's name use it use your son's name
and you say Abu Mohammad sorry Peppa
hams are like my dad you could call him
Abu but I am because that's my older the
oldest brother but since my dad likes me
more than aids ever Adam you know I got
some questions for you how was that he's
quiet he's mind of his dad he's like oh
my god alright so the question is who's
the favorite out of all who's you're
thinking your faith everybody knows
that's right
I know my mom likes me better than all
she's the baby right yeah she's the baby
she's the baby I wanted to tell you guys
back in 2007 the man over here he helped
me out so much with YouTube like the way
I started YouTube I used to use his
camera he bought a camera or was it you
bought a camera what kind of lab it's a
Sony oh my god it was like the best
camera at the time in 2007 now that
you're Mohamed man I need to make like I
don't know I wanted to do we did the
first youtube video was the lip singing
thing yeah I love singing to no one the
song Alicia Keys no one we started out
just by like lip-synching I've added
videos before that well dice do kind of
dumb videos in the rain is just showing
yourself what does that a shirt really
is a ring I just do weird videos but
that's the reform but my first ever real
video was in 2007 I used to band I used
his camera and seriously bro he has a
big part of me starting YouTube so my
habit man yeah thank you so much I
appreciate it so so much
also with Dhoom again he watches a lot
of soccer and my bad football I know a
lot of guys watch a lot of football who
is your favorite team depends the Real
Madrid is number one Chelsea and then
Chelsea oh my god is that jealousy
yeah I'm team living for you don't say
it's live feel good enough trash cha oh
my god go in Rockefeller Center me see
you guys in the next shop do me a guy
found some throwback pictures of me I'm
about to show you guys right I was kind
of embarrassing so please do not laugh
at me these are pictures from like 10 15
20 years ago so let me show you guys
right now and explain to you guys the
story behind this picture oh my God look
at me what the hell this is me and my
older brother 8 kicks I support of all
in this picture I was really really mad
I was really angry actually we both were
really angry because our little brother
got the most love out of all of us he
was so spoiled and mean aid we were like
the duo where we would be badasses
together and we had to take this family
picture and it was right after a big
fight that we had with our little
brother look at our faces man we were so
mad look
we're so angry with all right guys you
guys can see my big mouth here
this is hamza a week after hamza was
born man you can see man I've always
been a family guy like I love every
single one of my family members
especially the youngest ones I always
loved them the most because they're new
to the family they're new to the whole
squad so it's like a big meaningful
impact to me this was hamza man just
chilling before he took off his shirt
this is the closest you guys will see my
sister it's my sister to the left and
this is me I was one years old man look
that was meant I was always smiling ever
since I was younger I don't remember
nothing this was me at my old old old
house before I moved into the house in
Harlem it do be gay I just got here to
NYC I haven't been to the city in so so
long because I moved out I used to live
literally like 10 15 minutes away from
here but one thing why I don't like
coming here much is because all the
Trump Towers are around here and I was
literally like the only Muslim who was
like known around the area who lived
around the area and it got really really
annoying because even if I'm chilling
around the area if I passed through the
Trump Tower there will be people who
know I'm Muslim and the guy from YouTube
who doesn't really like Donald Trump now
would get so much hate literally
face-to-face hate people would curse me
out and walk away people would call me
names it would get me so so angry but I
don't care I'm still gonna walk here
freely that is my opinion
I don't like Donald Trump I just feel
like anything that he says is just
really dumb and he doesn't deserve to be
a president a douche bag doesn't deserve
to be President out okay I'll say it
loud and I'll say it proud especially
after the whole thing that happened with
Donald Trump trying to take away
Jerusalem and not making it a capital of
Palestine Jerusalem and Lutz is always
gonna be the capital of Palestine no one
cares what you say Donald um and no one
cares what your freaking voters say to
me or to anyone else you guys do
irrelevant everybody loved it yeah I'm
about to meet up with the homie slim and
Nicki we're gonna show you guys the
crazy Rockefeller Center time look at
this man this is not the Rockefeller
Center tree but it's just a random
Christmas tree it's gonna be a dope dope
time slimming to keep I'll see you guys
in the next shop yo look how crowded it
is then oh my god
I miss my home man where's peaceful oh
my god look I got this is it do me gang
this is Rockefeller Center wow this is
beautiful man look at the lights
oh my god this is where the home alone
movies that by the way swimming to keep
have not yet to come i'ma beat that bus
when I see them alright guys so I'm
gonna walk to the tree and I'm gonna
show you guys how crowded it is in New
York City and how rude people are so I'm
gonna keep it no music and I'm gonna
show you guys how I'm gonna walk to the
tree this is New York City for you guys
true New Yorkers crowded annoying rude
but let's see how it goes it's fun this
New York City you look out travelers man
the fourth menagerie
now that is crazy man so all the
tourists that come to New York City make
sure you guys be rude man don't be nice
to these people speak up man I'm telling
you guys speak up and be aggressive
that's how New Yorkers are Versace
Versace what the heck bro they had at
her job
yo I don't know what to think about this
man should I give it to my mom or what
yo leave it in the comments below if I
should get her Versace
a job for my mom this lady's rocking it
and drive with Shea's man she's killing
it let me know in the comments below and
I'll get it from my mama's a surprise
it's pretty dope man hey what's up Husky
yeah we should I get a husky or a German
Shepherd no speak no asking what do you
think
French Bulldog French what's up names
quavo there's no way that's little boys
are put up Cleve um quavo hangzhou mom
I'm still tempted husky or German
Shepherd man let me know
I think husky just went up 6040 now cuz
it gave me a big hug so husky add it up
we're passing through the Donald credit
hour
- Alec I just bought me earmuffs and
gloves the man right here thank you so
much the army man keeping me warm and
it's freezing
guys look who finally showed up man my
phone and Nicky man screw you guys man I
had a whole blog ready I finish I finish
dragging everything they took so much I
admit I'm sorry screw you man
Kuroko stutter but mostly me funny thing
I told him not to why do I try as I go
where are we to go to mix ice candy was
it so empty it's usually a really packed
I know man what they I think this fog
just went down by the way guys so slim
he has a secret announcement that he
just announced I believe today or
yesterday and it's his first ever debut
single called all cash and when he did
it let me listen to it slim
hi guys I'm using Slim's camera now as I
was saying slim is coming out with a new
single in January called all cash but he
hasn't let me listen to her I've been
trying to beg him like yo slim let me
listen let me let he's like no you
didn't let me listen to the album so I'm
not your lady listen to his debut single
which is all cash let me listen to
feedback bro hey buddies come on slim
hand I can but I just want to laugh with
you I have to be extra careful inside
I'm not gonna leak I'm not sure I don't
want to be everything because you leaked
some music numbers you'll be addressing
come on listen to me I can't believe you
know each other
Charlie do me gang so this is how follow
people on Twitter I'm gonna go to any
tweet it doesn't matter any any tweet
let's say this sweet right here do me
any do me any doing I'll click on
retweets or likes and I'll just follow
follow follow follow do me game thank
you for having to do me anger better or
I'll just go to my pianist from whoever
like to retweet it and I'll write you
guys a DM hi was that's how I'd do it
do we gank see you guys okay do me gang
so I just woke up from a nap while I was
editing I'm going back to sleep I'm here
to end the vlog and do me I just want to
say if you guys have it make sure you
guys subscribe subscribe because I
upload every single day do me and make
sure you guys always give it a thumbs up
because I truly appreciate every single
one you guys who do give the vlog a
thumbs up I'll be looking out for you
guys on Twitter do me Hank this is my
Twitter right here
I'll see you guys tomorrow I love you
guys take care of me a and pitch I love
you I love you I love you do me I see
you guys on Twitter love it's mom
now I wake up and do what I want you
just do what you told to
me too but I listen I ain't got time to
pay attention hey you let the hey
Bonjour I got a visual
hey James told me to take it into
existence see if I won who this new
weapon new home plate my stinking life
break my stick alone would you wanna
