I am here with Dina was always on iPad
and washee-washee
nothing I mean anybody
now you Smee know whether you can even
wow that was amazing mashallah round of
applause thumbs up for Jim and a knuckle
touch that was good man good that's good
what about you Dina but do you know oh
you are now you're gonna give the whole
quran the quran thing for them
we're getting a little bit a little
what's your favorite soda that's if your
soda Oh
in Savannah because it is it Ronnie my
loser you like a kiss is it yeah here's
an idea
oh that's cute
hey everybody
no fussing Mohsen
what's Remo aha
where's Rima no you're no I'm gonna
leave now okay and I'm gonna change my
hair color right no I'm gonna change it
what color should I make it huh great
great no it's right here honey
don't you only the top yeah what's up
guys is the moment of truth I don't know
I'm walking to hair salon right now
about to meet up slim he's running late
I'm gonna be doing my hair I do not know
what color yet the only reason why I'm
doing it because
like I don't know I want to try new
things you don't say try it like try I
know before I cut my hair I cut my hair
because it was damaged from the dyes
like the other thing is right now
my hair is short if I do it it won't be
like I mean it will still be damaged but
not as much as before because it's short
I can comb it easily and it's just easy
so as long as it's short it's still good
before when I have longer I could even
comb it how could it I'll get him to
wake up in the morning there's not
tangled and everything used to be so try
something new
hopefully you guys like it don't mind
something new because I don't mind
something too not am I taking a chance
in life I don't mind taking another
chance so I'm going right now I'm
wearing pretty much the same clothes as
yesterday let's see how this goes oh my
god I'm nervous I'm really nervous I'm
extra nervous oh my god semi appointment
homie g'wan do you - hey what's up hey
what's up yeah hi I gotta do my hair and
yeah I'm wait - wait mister I don't know
what he's gonna do I guys I'm here
what's your name Victor Victor I'm here
with um Victor Giovanni provide to get
started
Yeah right a good thing I got this
little thing Allah what do you think how
is it gonna be gonna be good yeah it's
gonna look nice on me is it a change
it's gonna be a little change it so it's
good to have a socket in your features
gonna stop it is I will see how good
let's see Isaiah may I may I don't take
no challenge I'm be straight up honest
no shower today but I'm gonna take a
shower after Vaseline around it so long
time I advise against ruff oh my god
imagine like that man hey guy hey dig it
I'm nervous I don't know I'm nervous I'm
always nervous should I be nervous
around government Harry you sure yeah I
know I'm usually always confident but
like with this I cannot take a chance of
Mike I get really nervous
some people think I'm crazy for doing
this oh yeah a lot of people think I'm
crazy
and oh man that's a great it's not so
crazy you only live once it become long
do our YouTube likes oh really Wow what
were you Barbara I just like what I do
every day all right
oh I do a lot of stuff yeah how to
whistle you give in again nothing
I'm Millicent yeah I can't look at last
I remember yeah yeah I remember you told
me are you from Italy on tell yeah oh
yeah if I die okay ready yeah Maureen is
Tommy on and when I'm going down me luck
in the summertime there's a fashion
capital of the world
it is a real minute I'm be honest I've
been take a shower today okay
not because I don't know how to lazy eye
fair that you're wash the hair before
you do this because they're that big I
cook yeah and be honest sometimes I
don't worry
you go out there like last night um
actually I stayed up watching the videos
with my brother-in-law of me when I was
younger when I was like seven ten really
yeah until like 6:00 a.m. and then I
uploaded the vlog I was so sleepy that I
I pulled of like by accident I made a
public by accident and then I was so
sleepy again and I accidentally deleted
it
I deleted it and I was like where's the
blog and have to be uploaded and took me
so long when you were last time in seven
years ago you know not like something I
was a big girl yeah I was really
like that you think I'm weird now I'm
all weird guy 7 years old
hey guys kind of weird with mycelia
where you were here and the same yeah I
was I was born in Brooklyn then I grew
up I grew up in and he's here so is it
what's up it was good is it his name is
slim is really miss silly man Ali
Mohammed Ali your head back
well I figure one alright hey forgot you
guys don't know what color do my hair so
keep it a surprise
huh you told me that you're gonna be
dropping it down I got a cold no snuff
film what everybody now yeah whatever
color it is no it's not yeah somebody in
the I'm doing the Shamus comics I seen a
picture it's sake you're honestly bad in
it was he oh that looks sick telling oMG
linked them together that is sick that's
cool right let's see oh yes it's going
hey this is same time of year last year
me I'd never do it again
you know I don't say this lot of weird
things we do our parents won't kill us
boom guys I'm not going to hook line on
Tuesday no this is so cool yeah what is
it dryer dryer try Z here make some
faster so
this stuff died here is it easy to take
like a piece of cake so I'm doing it I
don't think it's doing so much you go
gray or blue I don't know if you guys
want to see Slim's one go see on his
blog
it's a weird different color so you got
to see it below you can see slim hair we
got our you ladies field and you guys in
this
I mean feels to anyone who has an
experience it was like it's a bunch of
hot air going in your head sound feels
weird but feels kind of cool at the same
time but it looks like you have like a
like a cool hat on or UFO hat on
I'm so excited to see how my hair ends
up looking I'm so nervous to guys look
so scared and do me going okay sorry
Oh Kristen love ya I hope you still love
you guys I'm so sorry
mother weird trust me this time up like
about really wheel this time off no it's
not like I wanted it to look weird I
want I'm trying to make it look nice
girl tried to are you guys I'm writing
so far least oh the final rose up will
be photo so right now it's just
processor hi guys almost done so going
to this is what it is
what it looks right now it still wet
it's not the final result I don't know
you guys will see it a few and go
through mine's almost on slim he's doing
is a little colleague door Bella keep
pretty much to just let this lon each
other to do mine in such a long time
and John Miller he's our hit guys the
only thing is I'll regret it I swear the
thing I don't like it bro I regret it I
regret it so much Matt isn't anything it
used to it I don't know me I'm not
feeling my here I'm not feeling up I
can't I can't I can't do this you see
this I why did I do this guy's pocket in
two minutes not hungry Sims hair and
dope my guys so sick I hope you guys
know it's so unique so six if you have
to see it you'll see in his blog but
looks so dope my one I don't know maybe
I'll show in the end I'll feel better oh
maybe I'll fix it up tomorrow something
else and show you guys so really gonna
dig everything up am i fixed up like
blue hair doesn't because it looks weird
whoa hi guys I'm enjoying it right now
looking for a hair product to fix this
mess in there oh my I don't know what to
get I need some little like I don't know
if I should get like coal oil or
conditioner or something I don't know if
you guys know any good conditioner is
any good shampoo see yet let me know
guys I am in the Apple store right now I
have some horrible horrible news I'm
such an idiot it's like I'm super oh my
god I'm so dumb
Sam why am I so dumb oh my god guys I'm
out to break down Suzy Amis
goes-- I'm trying oh I lost my frickin
phone in a taxi once again and I paid
cash and I didn't get overseas I don't
know where the taxis at why do I keep
man I don't think Sam I don't think man
freaking and oh man I just got the
APIs or we're trying to track my phone
down he's not tracking on the phone is
off now we put a little something where
you can like notify your phone you got
something pops up in the phone that
shows up call this number I put some
zombie call some number and I put if you
call some number and you return back the
phone I'll give you a reward hopefully I
get my phone back
it's freaking 1:00 a.m. right now I
gotta wait
I'm not even mad I lost my photo just
meant that it happened again
what the heck oh man I don't know
shall I give it up like going home with
you smacking I'm not doing nothing
but no I can't ever give up like I need
to I just hope that is how these good
people is still good people in this
world I remember like about here to go
somewhere lost her phone and they called
actually I called No yeah someone called
the phone and I picked up and I met up
with the person and get back to him so I
hope it comes back to me and I get my
phone back
oh my god
I'm really stressed animals just I don't
know
as you got away I always get away to my
phone turns on she was dead
well I got a scene I just hope there's
still good people I just hope someone
still like things back that's it that's
all I'm relying on right now if not I've
gotta delete everything about phone and
just get a new one yeah hopefully I get
it back I'll keep you guys updated and
some guys at the mixer
all right guys so it's time to wrap up
this vlog I am having a really really
really bad day I do not want to spread
any negative energy on you guys I'm just
gonna end up like here I'll see you guys
tomorrow
still didn't find my phone I'm waiting
till the morning hopefully my phone is
going to turn on someone whoever found
it is gonna put it just charge it and
I'm going to call it and I'll keep you
guys updated
I'll flag myself tomorrow I've locked
myself tomorrow calling my phone and
seeing who picks it up and I'll try to
go meet the person if there's any good
people or and they're not trying to like
just take it so like that I'll keep you
guys updated tomorrow I'm sorry about
that
thumbs up peace I don't want to end it I
don't to end in like a bed like a bad
vibe like that oh they're so so alright
guys so it's time to wrap up this vlog I
hope you all enjoy this flag did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey I'll see you guys tomorrow do me
gang I love you guys from out of my
heart even though I'm having a bad day I
love you guys take care and peace I like
always a feather promise you that
 let me wipe em away okay
this would choose to say
