Hey hey guys what's up adieu me gank I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing it today we're
continuing on our cultural food we're
gonna go have some Mexican food and
after that we reach out to family go see
how it goes you have a couple days left
to go to our secret location so let's
see what today brings us to so I just
uploaded the vlog today I just uploaded
and I'm kind of like I'm reading some
comments and it's just it's kind of like
messed up in a way because some people
are saying I don't forgot seen the part
where I gave a handshake to the Israeli
guy and he was like oh um you're my
neighbor
here's being extra nice so I decided to
be extra nice back and someone comments
it and they said um oh why do you shake
his hand he should have beat him up you
should have smacked damn you should and
there was a couple there's actually a
couple which I'm surprised there was a
couple comments saying that if you guys
are not not do read a couple I do always
read the comments when I seen that I was
like so what what were you you want me
to be am I supposed to beat up the guy
just cuz he's like Israeli stuff like
that you want to show piece of someone
the tacks yeah those people were wrong
were from Israel from this people were
wrong in every culture and every
religion and stuff like that and me
react and me being a Muslim and Arab and
me reacting that way let me know we did
this you did that it's kind of ignorant
you want to show them that were the
bigger person you have to show you're
the you have to show that you're the
bigger person let's say I did react in a
harmful way and he was saying like hello
you're nice and I'm like oh no get out
my face you did this you did that it's
gonna make Arabs and Muslims like really
really bad so I don't know you guys let
me know what do you guys think I think
what I did was right he's peaceful and I
was being peaceful Tim and in every in
every culture my religion or any place I
know was from there's always good people
so don't judge like us Muslims always
like don't judge don't say everyone is
terrorist because we're not terrorists
like as like saying that guy like oh
just cuz people were crazy from where
he's at then you're crazy it's not it's
not like that always had peace be the
bigger person and be mature but even if
you do not like
to be mature about it be cool about it
and everything should be going cool so
thank you guys so much who actually did
comment something positive which most of
you guys did so thank you guys for that
it was just a couple that I see him I
was really surprised at but it's all
good
I'm here with Tommy slim so it's good
know with some way I've drawn and usage
I was gonna win star but I got the
secret thing this is a secret recipe
from Starbucks but we get that even the
Starbucks working boy I knew about this
goal it's called a cupcake crunch
Frappuccino so one of my Mexican friends
he was telling me the saying he was like
so I could say it on a blog he was
telling me to say which means I love I
love eating Mexican food
it was SNe nia Chiquita Grande cool oh I
say neither Yesenia Chiquita Grande
cooler so that means I love Mexican food
so so much I'm a burrito right now I
can't wait let's see how this goes I
were here
those Caminos those kami kami knows a
today for Adam hey
gracias gracias dinner friends on a fast
food or how about you
oh yeah awesome
sorry the hardest part for me it's
choosing once again like I do not know
I'm not like a moldy Bob Pepito's I mean
I love tacos mas somebody tacos I don't
know
whichever cultural spot I go to I always
snapchat menu and ask you guys what
should I get and I'm doing a lot of
snaps someone said get tacos
someone said get tacos and she let us
order some menudo I don't know what to
get what do you think I should get I
don't know I like tacos it's a good taco
to get alright I'm still looking let's
see what this one well
right
hi
oh she said you should get tacos homie
all right I'm gonna get tackle as it is
or me tacos are heard yeah
I said hi
I'm sure by fast vote all right someone
said
send me a snapback all right so I'm
replying back with here's your snapback
let's feel like 30 minutes
I am a sock on my side
you guys stay close skirt steak asado
gluten guys so much you got
what I found
thank you so much and
I know Mexican food is amazing the
students ever taste
versus a phase in my life
we have five days so we go to our secret
location secret locations coming five
mall is a five day yeah five days five
days guys we have some Breaking Bad
Breaking Bad News and it's really sad
for us because this is like a legendary
and like a memory spot for us Toys R Us
is shut down that's it no more Toys R Us
no more nothing Toys R Us close know why
uh toad wants to shut down
they care for and they can't that's
crazy 56 million year
and that's crazy manual is Donald Trump
blame it all down the Trump that's put
it that's crazy
and the whole thing to shut that but no
more
like no mo enough and that sucks oh this
is looking a lot of money bro
yeah giant Ferris me little bit I know I
wanted to what they gave me change it to
this was a landmark of New York scene
bro this is like the heart of Times
Square some sort of our own business a
slattern business in toadsworth imagine
tomorrow's plan tomorrow hi guys my
record yesterday was 10 on these try to
beat the record let's see how does go
I'm so bad I'm so like so competitive
yep right
you followed right
I'll bust lava I got 20 though what is
up and do me again so today I'm gonna be
doing a little experiment and Marcin and
Remus so if you guys do not know Dina in
German they're very protective
overprotective on each other hams and
Hayley they're very they fight each
other a lot Oh Massa and Rima Mehsana
Rima they're very jealous of each other
so today we're gonna see who's more
jealous and who's I know what you're
gonna see there so just of each other if
you guys do not know you guys will see
it now the reason why they're jealous of
each other because I feel like because
they're the most to spoiled little brats
of my nieces and nephews and I am guilty
of them being spoiled so yes who is it
I am a starter right now let's get ready
huh oh my god most of us it was ooh
Rima was a machine hey I called masters
name at you once in Monson was
impossible dream on go you make him feel
see he wants to come I love you mother
listen up I have a hug Mawson so now
it's my turn to hug him okay I like the
Hulk Mawson happy game my hug give me a
hug
okay this or I'm gonna do it we're gonna
play a game you can listen to my
headphones and you listen to a song that
you want okay and after that
rimas gonna go okay okay then go live
let me go first
he's a baby babies go first when I say
Doodlebops you're gonna bop okay ready
break your leg hey Shar you break your
leg come on do the BOP ready
hey mom LeBaron
sorry Tommy Superman don't want me
you're now on ease up man don't want me
you take a bow what do you guys want you
guys stop fighting for its outlook so
your mother
now let her go let go you let her go
okay thank you face like this right turn
this kid is crazy man come on okay we're
gonna play catch ready set look I like
both of you both of you guys yo yo it's
like my yellow parrot in I play with
both of you guys I always play with you
I'll employ Regina come ready say ah
see he's laughing with you he's laughing
why do you get jealous when you wanna
play with him I want you both right now
to give each other a big hug
Muhsin big hug for you give each other a
big hug big big hug and kiss and a kiss
give each other's big kiss give each
other because I'll never give each other
biggest yellow one I mustn't give a kiss
oh he gave very good
soq now both you sit down your Reema and
your Marcin she's your sister and he's
your brother right you both hey old
master listen listen you both I want you
both to always love each other okay I
want you to love her and all you love
never get jealous of each other because
you both are spoiled little brats not
funny you so spoiled hey do you think
it's funny not funny oh my gosh all
right guys I'm gonna be wrapping up the
vlog here no you don't cuz if you do you
wouldn't be jealous of Mawson and you
wouldn't say that I love my son more I
love you both equally I do that's
whatever okay you're crazy I said you're
crazy but I love you both a lot okay
give me a big hug both you guys give me
a big hug okay because I love you give
me a big kiss
I love you so much kid I love you can
say so guys I just want to say this on
my heart that I am guilty that these
kids the reason why these kids are crazy
exhausts Portland I don't know what I'm
gonna do my kid I'll be wrapping up the
vlog yet you guys enjoyed it give you
huge thumbs up for Muhsin Andry mom for
having a cute Mima or ross in a
relationship
take care do me gang I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care Hey
hey Kai I like
have you always a favor
promise you that full teeth let me wipe
them away I know you came this what you
say
