right here
hey guys what's up a new me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing day right now I'm about to go
eat some breakfast at my sister's house
enough that I'm heading over to my house
because we're gonna see Rima not that
I'm gonna take my clothes and a new
characters back and he goes by the name
of Adam Watson yeah yeah Sallah
and I decided to do this you guys wanted
to give away so I'm gonna be going to
buy something to give away but I decided
to buy it in style like I'm gonna buy it
in style so I'm gonna go put on my Adam
I said yes I outfit later and hopefully
it goes great hopefully don't get in
trouble nothing stupid happens Oh see
how it goes let's see this and I'll see
you guys at the next shop all right I
seriously feel like this is a dj khaled
breakfast my sister made me his
breakfast and she had no clue what kind
of breakfast he has but looks just like
yeah it looks just like it but I got a
different type I got egg with cheese
with some turkey bacon the toast bagel
toaster cream cheese in that water this
water it is telling you it's serious
this water is the key to success your
heart so get it smart water for your
dumb makes you smart like me
Rema maximus up mr. Rima yeah
tell them why haven't you been in the
vlogs lately but were you over here no
you weren't
you're famous no you aren't tell them
where you were yes a big where are you
right here
yesterday yesterday oh I get that how
you were in gemalto so Rima was in
Jimmy's house for the past two days
you left me well I'm sad okay to them
let's have Rima hate seeing other people
sad she loves seeing people you love
being happier sad happy everyone just
loves happy happy like one time he was
sad now the Rima don't be sad and then
she was trying so hard
to be happy but she was she felt sad she
didn't want to be sad she takes that sad
feeling she forces enough to be happy
she's like no I'm happy I'm happy you
we've had enough of you that's it
out out no no no I'm joking me
you're a sneaky little brat you try to
hide from school you were making wishes
other day right you were making wishes
out of the you in Japan you're like I
wish there was no school forever and
you're like I wish I was not school for
ten years right why are you saying that
yeah you told you to say it yeah so gym
as for MRSA gap boy I got some chinny
mouth right now I'm heading to the Apple
store
um slim is gonna be he's gonna be my
bodyguard son just Apple so that I
always get kicked out when like I've
gotten kicked out in my whole life in
the Apple Store probably about you can
say five six times so hopefully they
don't see me
Oh
invaded Brooklyn born and raised in the
sheesh spots where I spend most of my
days
that was lumps that was songs remix are
we coming out with some five remixes
this year is gonna be crazy I am ready
to go Scout goes thumbs up let's do it
did you take
I'll give you one
and out of it
Booya
good help would like
so that's your deck
a small one like a big Wonderstone
sleep Dollface
we've got 2,000 feet up
the nothing razzle
my father stood up
I've been awake
now I'll come back
not compacted
glass shatters grunts nice to be enemies
with the D no nothing way
they have always Childress nutrition
together almost every other week being
the way we go like an ollie hey come on
yeah
really nigga we're living out a facade
iPhone 6s I got I got the iPhone 6s it
was so awkward me really shout out the
script we're making a series you know
how charming serious leather boot is a
fella I know I could hold I don't know
what if I was like so scared
those cops a sign up I got iPhone 6s I
got a 64 gigabyte this is for a giveaway
and I'm gonna have you guys for the MU
subscribers so thank you guys so much
I'm gonna be getting another hoverboard
don't have a board for you guys soon now
I'm gonna make the video this gave me
for you guys so yeah thank you so much
see ya after the shot
hi guys I'm gonna check my record go
jump over those silver things and I'm
1/2 of 1 to 1
ready set go
one
for
what
so finally done with the iPhone 6s all I
need to get is the gold hoverboard and I
can finally finally make the giveaway
video a few guys to me gang thank you
guys so I think it's a home use it for
filming it just kind of awkward but
right now we're gonna try to go to this
arcade place the bad-luck arcade we're
back couple days later when try to go to
it two goals I need to do is try to win
try to beat the basketball record but I
have to it's a must like I have to beat
the basketball record and I have to get
something one of those prizes have to
win one of the prizes so see how it goes
tell me so it's a bad luck arcade
hopefully you can get it he's wearing
Tim's two boots today so we might not go
in but it's a Wednesday so they might
just let us in who cares won't see how
go to try our way maybe I should just
man I should have dressed up with my and
Adam are saying I thought I went in
there like yo what's good people
wouldn't write bad word unless you I
know man well we'll see how it goes baby
guess what we are
in our game
we
- 65
Oh
girl to you
little there belong to their life this
is a yes
stop we got here some burgers right
fibers the Newsom's here and sorry doing
they don't want to see you making cheese
oh don't they don't want to see you
eating these burgers right there they
don't right there my sister's homemade
fresh burgers this looks delicious Mila
let's do this
ouch ouch ooh why are you doing this man
why stop the strongest guys it was time
to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed this vlog if you did make sure
give it a thumbs up and go turkey to
Omaha today I do nice thank you guys so
so much for I love and support give it a
thumbs up if you made it to the end of
this vlog and give a thumbs up if you
guys want more of Adam Mawson yeah so I
am coming back with Adam Moss in
yourself I'm having a new series with
him up belly dancing and the rap remixes
that I should do with the candy shop one
and like the t-pain one and all the
belly dancing all around the world it's
up to you guys if you guys still want me
to do that I'll continue doing that so
but I feel like I want to bring it back
and like I just have so much fun with
the with a domestic side with belly
dancing and rap remixes and just having
so much fun with these two big damn it
and having having so much yeah I try to
like myself from an end of ugh they come
and I'ma yeah so if you guys want me to
do you guys want me to continue adem√°s
and yada yeah yes yeah doesn't know yes
yes yeah I said that I won't ask you
guys you guys if you want me to continue
yes I know let me know in the comments
below I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care and I'll see I like
have you always a feather I'm strapped
full tit let me wipe them away okay this
would choose to say
