breathe in breathe out hey guys what's
up and do me gang I hope you're having
an amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so I'm having an amazing day
you guys should be having an amazing day
so this video will not be a vlog or
anything this is kind of just like a
talk I'm not just feel like talking to
you god then he gets a vlog nothing
today I didn't win a vlog today actually
because my dad went to go have surgery
again this morning and I didn't want to
like I don't want to bring him back
camera but why he's going to have like
an important surgery stuff like that
like I don't want to just pull up the
camera I hate waiting for my dad having
surgery my dad's about that surgery I
want to focus on me and him and just
helping him out stuff like that
but how do they let everything went well
surgery went well thank you guys so much
for your dad thank us so much for your
prayers everything went well my dad is
fine right now and he should be coming
home in a few it's been a really really
long day seriously the doctors told us
that doctors holds that 9:00 a.m. is the
surgery so we got there around 9:00 a.m.
and the surgery didn't start till around
4 or 5 o'clock which is like I don't
search that I don't get like American
doctors I feel like Oh America what
America the doctors have did the best
they care about you a lot it doesn't
really doesn't seem like it but
hamdullah
it is all fine my dad is fine that is
that go now I'm gonna talk about what's
going on in 2016
first I have to tell you guys about
Dubai I'm really sad about the box was
that I was supposed to have my show in
Dubai literally like in two three days
but one thing is my dad was having
surgery so had to be with him I was
gonna change it to a few days after but
then ariana grande is performing at the
same day as me so the government in
Dubai did not allow that so they chose
ariana grande over me
I didn't mind like performing at the
same time because I could have got some
ear and it would've been something cool
like in Morocco and I got to meet French
Montana and I was like that but the
Dubai government did not agree with that
and they told me Adam get your things
out you just a youtuber you're a lame-o
and have a different day so and
obviously they regard the I don't mind
if she took over she's a sweetheart so
yeah my day from Dubai we do not know
when is when is it going to be asked in
because
another day soon I don't know if it's
gonna be February I don't know if it's
gonna be in the summertime it was
supposed to be this week I'll keep you
guys updated on Dubai the first place I
should be going to is the secret
location after this evil location it
will be Saudi Arabia and after Saudi
Arabia it will be the skin Scandinavian
Scandinavian tour in Oslo Norway
Stockholm Sweden Italy in many more
places I feel like I'm not I feel like
the past the past year the past couple
like six seven months I've been
traveling so much I've been vlogging so
much like my life is it my life anymore
like it's it's the world's life too like
I've been vlogging my life like I've had
it like there hasn't been a day where
like I'm like literally like having life
life like it's been vlogging life which
is I don't know it feels it feels crazy
I'm like I enjoy it a lot but something
even I was like it's just crazy like
what am i doing what am I doing with my
life I don't know if it's like a bad
thing I don't know if it's like a good
thing so far I not think it's an amazing
thing because I'm having so much fun
with it it's like it's like a diary you
know some people like to write Diaries
but you know I like to vlog Diaries but
think of it I'm doing it every single
day and I have to live my life through a
screen it's kind of like I don't know it
makes me think it makes me like put the
heck like should I continue vlogging
should I not continue vlogging but as if
not I will still continue vlogging
because I love vlogging I'm so happy in
life like I'm so happy when I vlog I'm
happy with everything there is a couple
ups and downs that always go on but if
you guys notice in the vlogs I'll always
keep a happy like I always keep it super
positive super like I never like bring
in any negativity and so I always want
to keep positive on to keep you guys
smiling but sometimes you know when
stuff like this happened today you start
feeling down like seeing my dad going
through the surgery getting old and
stuff like that just makes you think I
didn't want to I didn't wanna like put
my camera down there on vlog but then I
got home and I'm like I don't want to
miss a day I want to give them something
so I decided I want to give you guys do
me gang something talk about something
to inspire you guys and something you
know to inspire myself too and keep me
happy because right now I'm happy but
thinking about it when I think too much
and overthink it just gets me really sad
but
is okay I'm gonna keep talking I'm gonna
keep it positive guys ready ready all
right cool 2016 made me think made me
think like Who am I Who I am it made me
realize like I don't know like what am i
doing
in life and so far it's been going super
great this year is 2016 hasn't started
off crazy amazing and I'm enjoying every
single second event and you guys are the
reason why it's pretty going amazing
every single day with all your support
and motivation that has been super
amazing we haven't we've been having so
much fun lately and it's only been like
four days of the year into the year so I
feel like it's been an amazing start so
far there's some other stuff that I also
want to do this year and that I want to
achieve that I want to accomplish I want
to like I want to get into like a cool
TV show I want to get into like feature
tomorrow movies for good causes like the
first movie I have American was for an
amazing cause I wanna I want to tour
more around the places that I haven't
been to like Australia I want to meet
you guys before I get old and turn 30
and 40 and get bald and so I want to
meet you guys seriously I'll continue to
work super hard for you guys like I
never want to miss a day of LA because I
want you guys to smile every single day
like that'sthat's my go every single to
make you guys smile if you guys continue
watching every day giving it a thumbs up
every day it'll make me continue
vlogging every single day doing more
videos doing more just a lot of stuff to
make you guys smile and seriously
looking back to it like today I had a
super thinking mode like I was thinking
I was looking back at five years five
years Adam sound I go five years ago I
was going through the wrong path like
seriously I was going through a path
that would lead me to like in jail or
killed or like in a horrible horrible
place like I wouldn't be me I was going
through a really horrible past but now
that I think of it and right now I feel
like I'm going through the right path of
heimdall and like it's just an amazing
feeling you guys are the one that made
me go through this nice awesome path so
thank you guys so much this is seriously
I thank you from the bottom of heart for
making me go through this right path
like I just realized I could have been
dead I could have been there's so many
of my friends I used to hang out with
when I was going through that bad path
that there literally some of them had
ten years in jail some of them have 15
years in jail some of them like
some of them are just like somewhere
lost homeless and and I'm here like I'm
going through the right path hamdullah
thank you guys thank you a lot first of
all and thank you guys so much for this
this is not a video for me to complain
it's not a video for me to to ask for
you guys for something's not a video of
me like of like wine or nothing like
that this is a video to thank you guys
seriously from the bottom of my heart
thank you guys so so much for bringing
me to this amazing good path I want you
guys we're watching if you guys are
going through any bad leg path or
hanging out with the wrong people please
please do it as soon as possible go to
the right path before before it's too
late and I'm saying that from like all
seriousness I know I always joke glad
I'm always laughing I'm always positive
but there is serious mode I feel like if
I didn't go through what I did before I
wouldn't be here of where I am today
because I went through so much crazy
stuff that I let it all out when I was
younger and before and that now I'm calm
and chill I mean I am ratchet sometimes
I do get ratchet you know but like it's
a cool kind of mature kind of rush I
don't do the stupid things I've done
before I didn't get to where I am today
without learning that not everybody has
your best interest at heart
I learned a lot I learned that I care
way too much for everybody seriously I
care way too much for everybody and like
my heart my heart costs me a lot even
though I always love literally everyone
I'll always love everyone but I learned
to not let people walk over me now let
people step on me now that people you
know just take advantage of me or use me
like how some people did in the past I
also learned that even when times get
tough and it seems like you're stuck and
you're trapped and you have nothing else
to do you have to always think you have
to always believe that something right
will come to you you just have to be
patient that's the main thing that I
learned you have to be patient I'm so
impatient but I learned that big and
patient doesn't make time go faster or
nothing like that you have to be patient
you have to believe that the right
answer will come to you remember you
have to think positive and be patience
patience is key sub room
jameelah that means
is beautiful in Arabic always be patient
do not be impatient like what I used to
be back then well not never whenever I
was impatient used to make waiting so
much harder you have to be patient let
the pieces fall into place and it'll all
be worth it in the end I promise and I'm
not just saying this and just talking
crap to you guys or whatever just to say
something I'm seriously saying this from
my heart I'm telling you guys this from
from all the mistakes and the ups and
downs that I had I'm telling you guys
that from the heart as I said I may seem
happy all the time that's never had to
go through a lot of ups and downs I just
I just learned to to smile through it
through the vlogs for you guys foreign
to me gang so I learned I'm a really
good
smiler it's like you know like I feel
like this is a fixed man whatever you're
going through whatever mistakes that
you've done in anything like that
remember do not let anything bad get to
you this is the main thing that I
learned
don't let anything that gets your make
you feel like that's it your world is
done let it let it be a lesson and let
it make you come back even stronger and
when you come back stronger I'm telling
you that's that's gonna be the
inspiration to the world make it make
make the past leave the trash in the
past and focus on your future and I
promise you that you will succeed in
whatever you want to succeed as we
continue on this journey of 2016 with
the Adobe gang as we continue on this
journey I just want you all adieu me
game I want you all to always keep your
hearts open but don't close your mind do
not close your mind because it's your
head that keeps you going in our hearts
it just makes it better and more fun you
know it may seem like I know what I'm
doing
but I really don't like I really really
don't I just keep going for you guys cuz
I love you guys wait way too much to
like let you guys down or to to feel
like that I'll let you guys down so I
just continue on going for us and stay
positive for you guys and to keep you
guys strong to keep you guys so mom if
you guys or not know I always say much
love I always say keep smiling I would
say stay positive I always I always say
positive stuff I never bring up other
stuff to make it like anything negative
energy I love spreading positive energy
and I want you guys to do the same
I'm done talking I'm sorry about that
just felt like letting up letting my
heart out with you guys so I really hope
you guys at least smiled at least like
got inspired a little bit to continue on
your dreams and never let anyone bring
you down never let anyone take advantage
of you thank you guys once again so so
much for your love and support every
single day on the daily vlogs I
appreciate it I appreciate every single
one of you I see you guys tomorrow
back to the normal blocks back to the
crazy smells and everything and stuff
like that I'm sorry today had to be a
little you know weird and stuff like
that but you know I got a record every
single day for you guys so some days
it's gonna be after some days gonna be
in whatever but you know I always try to
keep it 99% have been positive tomorrow
will be the same happy positive and
there'll be a new character back
tomorrow
Adam Russian yeah sorry I'll see you
guys then thumbs up keep going turkey do
me Aang I love you guys so much for the
bottom my heart bottom esophagus bottom
of my frickin fallopian tube thank you
guys so so much I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and hello
always a family I'm sure that those
teeth let me right away this what you
say
