what what age do you want me to get
married 1999 can get old it was gonna
get rid I like hey guys it's what's up a
new beginning I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazement so if I'm having an amazing it
you all should be having an amazing it
right now I am in the middle of Times
Square and wasyou let's go meet up put
the home is slim I'm running a little
late
hopefully I get there on time one thing
I want to say is I apologize my Mexican
friend made me say he made me say the
wrong thing yesterday I supposed to say
I love Mexican food I should have known
I should have known because there wasn't
no Mexican word in it or nothing like
that anyways he got me back because one
time I did the same thing for him in
Arabic so he's trying to get me back so
I apologize with whatever I said I ended
up saying that that girl has a big
please going but I don't know I'm so
sorry but I do not know tell me if you
spot slimmer ready to splatter yes or no
you know so though
right there
I don't know sorry about that
ah myself oh yeah
what is on this folder so long sighs
what is Ubuntu movers yeah I need to
stop taking movers who would take so
long pushing their city traffic here
it's crazy right now but we have to go
we have some cool two special guests or
what meetup see slip now we're from East
East Coast and what is code name and
once did anybody could meet up with two
Kuhlman's we all see them in a few seen
him in a few midnight older guy they're
from the west coast so I represent what
psych what's that they stay cool you
know I was even video comes in East
Coast you still give them love next time
we go to West Coast to show them show us
up not on this place here this were like
all the actors of like flying canine put
a ladder in the theater arts guys you
come out I'm apprehensive you wanted
acting
do you want a picture with you liking I
wanted active Elijah I wanted active in
Iceland you want a picture
I was still walking there at were there
switch I bet Shake Shack see they don't
have Shake Shack and west coast so they
came to New York City the Shake Shack go
see them
yeah in Alberta schools the yeah
in-n-out burger I like a challenge a
Shake Shack and Shake Shack is where
it's at listen up did you see - uh -
west coast like a guys here live it up
and they let boys I see you somewhere
oh yeah we'll be right there yeah I went
there you let's see the waiter
what's up mentally from
nice shadow to the park commencement
like you asked me
what's up my doing
hi
Silvia Egypt Soviet agent was good
thanks a lot I could no no damn why not
I'm not camera shot camera shy you can't
be camera shy don't want to be a
comedian so he's a comedian right here
maybe if she said hug she said hi boom
she challenged you trying to get some of
the steam you guys we got bugs Germany
it's fallen Oh
Scotland the moves : a Scotland is it
can you say green green green can you
say embarrassing embarrassing either
here where's Karl from can you get in
bro
what no in between the kitchen you're so
cool man yes you guys are cool and
you're me can I be party guys singham
how's your piece on man how did you fit
with office you know that we have you
right now white people what's up scarlet
up New York you gotta scream yo yo what
up cars is acquiring US government all
right again cheered me love you man
like David Beckham Brooklyn Bucky no
shit man
yeah look we found here the whole day
and Harris they went out well David I
you know say these girls you having out
here
this is one pass you know this is
summertime this summertime I can't do it
for the game that they they open and I
look worst of all Holloway I got a
problem kissing you guys came to LA I
know I hold Cal yeah I didn't hear from
you guys you guys would kill me Dodge
Nana yeah but we've never dodged no game
no nothing you know we have some a
couple meetings there but next time we
could go there or you want to play here
it's up to you man I want to do it this
remote your home so you want to do it
this weekend weekend you want to do it
yeah but guys you not both yeah not ball
playing we got hair like Cyrus Harris is
a cricket play there's good stuff guys
guys you play you play dodge ball
I can use those seals on the court
though you know it should be a fun game
yeah but definitely will we'll see
what's up with that we're gonna take
them out here in New York City we were
gonna take them somewhere Baltimore but
they ended up going in they're gonna go
see where we're gonna take them loose
yourself yeah with Natalie so we I
that's that's how a senior was in Sweden
as I see with the spirit now she's like
I really saw her in New York which is
crazy and Natalie's mom say hi you got
to sit you gotta say hi yeah it's crazy
I'll see them sweet on you
then back here in New York I'll give you
a dollar we put on
Oh No
Oh
like the rats tail the tail went up
confusing hi guys so we have in the
basketball game is Sunday it's going
down sit additional Sunday confirmed we
got the Madison Square Garden it's going
down the arena is going ready this
Sunday is going to be Chris Maps yeah
good I'm gonna get some rest get some
practice actually I get your wedge Bo
you can I get your bus oh hey like a
baby yeah it reminds me some God watch
out easy so not seeing I wanted
comment down below who you guys think
it's gonna be who's gonna win and who's
gonna be the best the MVP anyway I
better see my name always come back a
better COC voted player we'll see how it
goes but they're about to go up on out
we'll see ya soon we'll see you guys
Sunday about Sunday cops today for our
cultural food we're eating in this nice
hidden spot of Chinese food Chinese food
and Chinese foods everyone these Chinese
food here especially in New York we have
a beef and broccoli with white rice and
I see some got what you got
sesame chicken with us brown rice bran a
fortune cookie came in and for chai
we're gonna open up fortune cookies and
we're gonna read it and see what hope
you have to eat I don't eat the cookie I
just leave it to something ready Oh
gonna read minds are so weird if you
have knowledge let others light their
candles by it I don't get it I says then
this is one reward and 2016 is the year
for some occasion and I'm sorry what the
help live 2016 is the year of splatter
what the heck Yanis quick easy yeah yeah
most in here taking a nap I've been
taking a nap like two hours mashallah
I wanna wake him up
I don't know if I shall become prisoner
let's do the sleeping with his mouth
open and his eyes open - so I'm here
with the homi Bhabha sala they want to
check up on you if he's good hamdulillah
he is all right yeah let me sit be good
you sure yeah everything go ahead liquid
woke up empty - doing happen
I'm here with me good your fifty plan
good yeah I shall keep your prayers and
dial with him fifty percent you said
fifty percent good but shallow the
recipe two percent would be nice and my
dad mean that we're having a marriage
talk Liga you won't go smile I mean that
or having a marriage talk you talking
about marriage I'm like what that is you
talking about what what age do you want
me to get married
1999 could get old he wants me to get
rid I like to wanna talk video me get
married huh happy took up for you son
you know you want me to find you want
you to find you playing it yourself you
me to find it myself
yeah you let me make me do all the work
yeah help me out right - right my wife
for life yeah i but like i'm the only
way the only way I'll get marry is if
you stop smoking cigarettes I'll get
married
that's a cool yeah Brando giver not a
pinky promise oh yeah pinky promise
yeah you sure hello fix the bigger for
sure huh until recess rolana Hanabusa
and then listen I gave you joking
uh we sit even Moses said a hundred was
give me some can you pinky pinky thank
you you guys heard it from a dad but I
don't think I don't think I'm getting
married anytime soon the perfect age to
get married is when you have a house we
have a car
and you settle down which is around the
age my mom is turning around she's like
looking at me like what the heck
wait okay which is around the age mmm
I'm having a marriage supper not my dad
mmm ah but the marriage talk is I'm
gonna get married when I'm 40 - no no no
no no no what do you - Oh 42 is a good
age to get married and then what you
fine
25 yes no no 25 is like two three years
okay no no 35:35 okay now do you have me
sit when Mawson gets married to mean him
get married together me mustn't get
married together have fun
yeah buddy why don't you call me I'm
boom you call him amiable you call me
amble meanie
look at my son trying to put on his dad
sneakers he think he's coming with me
like I'm owing me you're not you know I
gotta go
you like me fine give me kiss me ma will
even kiss hmm oh honey he gave you guys
a kiss that was up from her son giving a
first do me gang kiss oh my gosh so it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed this flight did make sure you
give a thumbs up and go Turkey to all my
Ryder guys do me what we made it to the
end block you guys watching this you
made it to them give it a thumbs up and
I just want to say that Sunday it is
going down East Coast versus West Coast
in a basket game so should go pretty
cool
Kaizen Harris you shout out to you guys
you guys are mad dope you guys a man
cool show with so so nice seen you guys
in East Coast next time you go to the
west coast guys got any nope nope show
us around you know what I'm saying might
head up the Bay Area - so Harris is
there so gonna hit up the Bay Area and
LA soon soon soon and tomorrow Saturday
well today's had is watch tomorrow I am
I'm gonna say this really really fast
tight so you guys won't catch right I'm
judging by your color what color shadow
come look I got see you guys tomorrow
take care peace I love
I'm here for you always a favor
promise you that bullshit let me write
them away and okay this would choose to
say
