no get out the room do you know get out
leave the room hey guys what's up ado me
gang I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing night so
I'm having an amazing day you should be
having an amazing day today being Muslim
or home alone I'm babysitting it for a
bit so we gonna be we're gonna be
chilling here for a bit Sunday for me
it's like a nice family dates I'd be
ratchet what's wrong with you Sunday for
me is a nice family day so I'm just
gonna be here chillin I'm be chillin me
emotion and I will tell you guys some
cool stories some really awkward story
that happened to me yesterday actually
so stay tuned for that because you
because Wow oh you did it again do it
again he did it
oh my god was it kissy hey what are you
doing at the or something
again thing buzzing uh-oh doing it again
on here loud one go mmm ah you know oh
this is rustic you didn't like
everything this is crazy
was it I'm with messy gap boy all alone
today we're here chillin so what's up
canva you okay mossy you need to start
talking you can't just look at the vlogs
now and just not say nothing and just
look cute you need to start talking and
you need to start entertaining a do me
gang okay okay nice to talk to me you
burp you nasty I know you want to say
something tell me what is it you want to
say got boy hmm
what do you want to say imma show you
guys something pretty cool I'm gonna put
on the song Adele hello and then I'm not
talking and then he's gonna sing along
to it
mostly sing along too he knows how to
hit the high note you ready we got the
mini Zayn Malik over here you're gonna
hit the high note you ready for it ready
all right let's go let me just put the
song on real quick and then he's gonna
do a holdup okay Halloween put a few
wait wait wait
don't like you yet wait
watch this found e sir see he singing oh
wait a second go go go come on Baba's in
your Deva your Jia Yu - oh gee man how's
it you're the man you're the man
yup you too man I love you
I can't wait to the day most intelligent
of me like I can't wait today he says I
love you ah-oogah under Jogi that's one
of my favorite covers right now it's an
Arabic Adele cover
Ivanova sings it but it is this I've
been hooked on it I've been hooked on it
so I decided to talk to you guys I'm
gonna talk to you guys right now it's
kind of a long story because I went
through the most awkward thing ever es
it was the most awkward thing in my life
with the duma gang so it was so so our
like when i say awkward like you guys
are probably gonna feel the awkwardness
here so i'm sorry i'm gonna be talking a
lot for the next five minutes and I'm
gonna tell you guys what was so awkward
about so yesterday I went up to go to go
meet up soon right so some was late some
was about a thing like a 30 40 minutes
late so I was walking around while I was
walking a scene for um for um for fans
who were I believe they're from Canada
Lebanese Canadian and one of them one of
the was married one of them had like a
baby like a baby like in the show you
don't have those babies here like that
yes you wanted had a baby so she came
they were all so nice it was so sweet
and then we're like right in the middle
of Times Square she took a picture so
like that was so cool and then after
that there was a couple that came and
when the couple came they'll hey um can
you guys take a picture of us showing
Times Square so I took the picture like
I took it was regular tours I took the
picture of the tourists and stuff like
that and then they told me and the lady
that was next to me who was married they
always take a picture for you guys you
guys so cute you guys make a cute couple
like that and I'm just like all right
and it got really awkward like like we
looked at each other like
what the heck because it was so
awkwardly so then after a while like we
told I told the tourists our own eyes
we're not a couple that I always in a
cup with and I was like now we're now or
not then the other girls that were
that's we're near the girl that was
married that when the guy said that was
doing just staring like what the heck
just having no talk so that was this not
the whole thing so that was just a
little awkwardness so I'm like take care
you know nice have a nice day enjoy a
date I go to I have some time to spare
customs it hasn't showed up so I go to
Sephora I go to Sephora right usually
I've got a few guys when I go to Sephora
to put on like free cologne just messing
around it's just like has free cologne
it so I go in I go straight to the back
you know I'm chilling there like that
I'm like yeah I'm glad no one like no
one no one's seen that I try to do
locater know what see so I go I take
like blue Chanel and I'm looking around
like that and then I do I have like eye
contact with these three girls you're
also Lebanese I give them like eye
contact and then I didn't know like they
know me so I took it open like this
they come like oh my god at all and I'm
like oh shit oh oh and I'll put it back
so awkward I'm like oh hi I don't I
don't I'm like yeah I'm at I'm gonna buy
that blue shit now I'm just spring on
this brain is and the girls Adam how are
you is that was just so awkward but
there was so nice and sweet and I was
trying to make a less awkward so I made
a local man hi guys doing the come-ons
be my snapchat so I'll put them on
snapchat story and then all of a sudden
I go to I go to the front of support and
when I go to this part of the Sephora
and guess who I seen I seem to for
Canadian let the Lebanese you that I've
seen that thought like me and her was a
couple which was so awkward she's like
oh you're in a Sephora and I'm like no
see the reason why I'm here it was it
got so awkward and the other girl let's
even put the Cologne they saw that
happen and it was just it was just
hectic and so awkward and then we'll
made it even more awkward someone else
spot it was a Adam my kids looking for
you can you wait right here not Anna and
I'm gonna go get my kids to come back so
I'm a yeah cool when I'm put here so I
had to wait a good five ten minutes
around the area in front of the people
with like in front of the the four
Lebanese and the other three lemonade's
who seen you put Cologne
who's the which was so awkward and who's
seen me um and although the married one
who thought um who the guy said like all
you guys make up whatever I had to stand
near them for about 10 minutes while the
lady goes
go get their kids so I'm waiting this so
awkward like oh my god like what should
I do like so then the mother finally
comes and it kids come and I take a
tickle of snapchat with them in a
picture and I leave so awkwardly you
know just so it was so awkward I just
felt like sharing the store with you
guys and after that I decided to go to I
decide to go somewhere manly I'm like
you know I want to go somewhere man and
let me go somewhere cool Manley's I
decided to go near like Modell's like
they have like sport boxing stuff I go
in there and nobody spots me I'm like
what the heck people only spot me when I
don't want to be spotted like this is it
was so awkward but shoutout to everyone
that I met was from Kuwait Lebanon and
everyone out there you guys so nice and
so sweet
I'm sorry for the awkwardness it must
have not been awkward for you guys
because you guys probably didn't care
about was I was like what I was doing
because we're just cool about seeing me
stuff like that but it was awkward for
me cuz knowing the fact that I was doing
weird weird awkward shit and you guys
seeing it was just so I'm so sorry I'm
gonna have this house
i'ma turn up today she's gonna be chill
out family there so I hope you guys
don't mind like a little talking Adam
chill out vlog gonna be out and I'll see
you guys in the next shot I am here with
the homies or I can leave you lonely
with Hilah
dni give me hug you me kiss me kiss me
kiss just because a Japan Superman and
homey Hamza right I'm I'm here having a
family like with the homies today I got
so I don't know if I show you guys right
now or maybe later show them nah tape
all right so this is tape there's a tape
of me when I was a kid he'll do that
yeah messy I was about um I don't know I
was like 3 or 4 years old on video
killer killer - OH - no I was 5 3 not
only 3 or 4 I was around 3 or 4 no I
hope up here for the tape I don't know I
show you guys you know what i'ma show
you guys now I was gonna say it comes up
and you gotta be chilling I'll show you
guys but it's not that long it's just a
small video so it's a quick one but if
you guys do want to see more thumbs it
up and I'll show you guys a crazy video
when I was younger well let's do some
rat
dancing this one is just like this I'm
gonna show you guys morning the tape is
so old is back in 1999 or no not like
1998 or 97 or maybe even less so 99 nine
times nine seven seven ninety six so
yeah i'ma show you guys right now and
it's a really like giving me keys
hey I've been evolving pressing matters
at heart hey say I love you see I guess
I'll look really dark in the video
because the video tapes back then was so
like old and sucky but it's about to go
on and I'm gonna show you guys right now
okay let's get it ready like look how
you have to rewind it look I have to
rewind the video T's like nothing you
got everyone all of it back before okay
that is my older brother
that's my cousins all my cousins that's
me right present that's me right there
that's me I was ready when I was in
Italy I was only one dish oh my god this
is how I'm like happy birthday alright
so that's pretty much what I just had
only had I have a lot more different
tapes or you can clearly see me bottles
around 4 or 5 years old and they were
the craziest the most rat shit wasn't
really like soon you got I'm single I go
singing a song I go to school in a black
and blue black and blue like I was doing
that when I was 4 or 5 years old
and I was acting like I was sagging my
pants and I can sew her so if you guys
want to see it
give this vlog a thumbs up and I'll show
you guys what tricking Chom Chom eat
right now
oh that's sick what the heck
that's weird a scaredy 90 90 90 90 Oh
Tina loves me a lot now we made up in
where me thumbs up thumbs up fine damn
fine we are here in the bug bed yes mom
I'm gonna have a little adventures it's
like a treat this is our tree house come
on go ahead
anybody seen you got it come on the
Sienna you got you got this come on you
can't just Deena come on go it's the eye
of the tiger it's the thrill of the
fight I'm mad at you
why you so don't have a picture of me I
tell us who do you really love the most
out of like here like who's your big
who's your celebrity like that you
you're cool with how you like their
music or like a talent which one
Zayn is it Selena Selena has to be just
about Selena Selena what about you Gemma
we're doing an update video on you
already know what's your update
relationship problem
look this is wailing he's suffering from
from from relationship disordered
kindergarten first grade your printer
closest talking about it he's good look
John look okay look look we love you
come on look good look give me five can
you guys be quiet what it was dying are
you gonna tell us any news on your
exclusive relationship I saw you've been
with her yeah alright you know what that
friend what's your name Maria ma ma why
she nice view she's miles on nice to you
she was she that she's mean yeah shut
the hell up why would you say that hot
ah don't say that I'm gonna give him big
multi don't do that this is why breaking
up or you know I thought you you want to
get with Maya right you want to be with
her no so who'd you want to be with
really what's your religious like what's
what's gonna be no not like maybe single
forever you're gonna be what I'm going
to be single so you're knocking it like
marry no one why not
maybe because you're going through some
stuff but you'll be fine jemelle guys
pray for gym at hashtag pray for your
man he's going through some rough times
hi guys so if you guys do not know Jamel
I don't know he's really protective he's
kind of protective over Deena so I'm
gonna give him a low test low experiment
and I'm a mess with Deena
in front of him and I'm gonna see if he
gets offended or like or defense or
anything so we'll see how it goes this
is the overprotective brother or I don't
know something experiment you know what
are you doing why didn't you like you no
more no I get out the room do you know
get out leave the room leave stop Deva
you get through dinner get Deena
Oh
you can beat you up and choke you huh
wait wait a minute what are you doing
huh buddy be trying to talk you laughing
what's wrong with you
let me get you dick what are you doing
as long as you huh ah oh yeah not afraid
of you anymore
you're not afraid of me anymore you know
why are you hitting me I'm not doing
nothing
yeah I'm messing up my sister I'm
messing with your sister I'm talking her
I'm not talking you can we talk to me
Dina what's wrong with you whoa let me
talk to look sit either
sit down one set all right the winner
okay you know what to do now I'm a choke
saver like ww-what I'm at your side my
side I will choke Samer I'll talk to her
bro I want children
I'm a truck I'm a getting on the
powerful will get a power bar that's it
I'm doing power bar let your parents at
me what's wrong with you oh yeah stop
okay huh you said wanna follow on why
are you saying that huh hold me back
will a cop how come you ain't nothin
right now if it's fine with you fucker
as long as you what what - yeah catch me
if you can bro catch me catch me come on
y'all right now mama fight you movin
imma fight you come on let's go let's go
baby come on let's go come on
oh you laughing now huh I'm joking huh
damn joke oh you hitting me now are you
hitting me oh you want to hit me
yo might the power bond you boo Oh about
the parabati right now think I'm joking
up what you gonna do will you not go yo
you'll knock me up what time do you know
what that would be not frivolous
Peter oh hey beautiful
oh sorry
stiva
hi guys I'm gonna be wrapping up the
black you guys run give huge shout out
to Japan for Ashley protect protecting
his sister so yeah exactly I don't know
but don't get too crazy yeah don't don't
get too crazy don't no don't be crazy
and do stupid stuff right just cotton do
it in a nice way comment now nice way
next time I did you be like Oh chill out
man alright okay I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace
I like after you always a feather I'm
sure that those tears let me write them
away okay this would choose to say
