yeah I think you sure yeah you show yeah
cuz if it doesn't your fault hey guys
what's up for dooming I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so I'm having an amazing
day you should be having an amazing I
just woke up and I'm starting to feel a
little sick which I'm not happy about
but hamdullah Remes feeling much much
better gonna go check up on her
I'm gonna go take her out because I
haven't took her out for a while so let
the day begin hopefully I feel better
about today usually like in the mornings
so I feel like my nose is runny my
throat is like hurting a little bit but
then don't afternoon like after like a
shower and like drink some water it
should be cool so yeah I'm here with the
homies Rima and Marcin what's up my son
hi Rima are you feeling better
rimas feeling much much better hamdullah
thank you guys tell everybody thank you
yeah cuz they were making dawn prayers
for you to feel better
you heard him ah so tell them big big
thank you big big big thank you and I
love you I love you and say I love you
Rima got me something while she was sick
and in bed she made something for me
what is it what is it what is it present
a present what's the present so what
does the the scrub without ads you were
drawing yeah where is it right there
what you made this meat wow this is
beautiful this is artistic I put a with
it why don't you put tape on it just
gets kisses steelies don't be stealing
stuff like that okay okay don't say
sorry I said say sorry it's kids like a
little puppy okay as I was saying um is
that your name here
no your baby buses are a was my name was
it um I
that's my name
why remember my name really good you're
really really good Vemma hi guys I'm
going on tour soon I'm get my baggage
and stuff ready but I'm gonna get an
extra baggage because I can't bring
someone um I can't bring someone with me
so I decided this is how I'm gonna do it
is everything okay there so you ready
Wow
okay what happen okay you okay yeah
we're gonna go you're just gonna have to
be there for a good eight hours okay
let's go got a whole pillow no hey you
okay she's legit serious are you serious
yeah
you can't go Remo why cuz you can what
up what up
we is outside me Yusuf and Oh shorty
Rima yeah we're gonna be I haven't took
her out for so long so I decided to go
out today it's kind of cold which is the
bad thing but taking over and we're
going in we're going shopping so we're
gonna stay indoors we're gonna be doing
a low shopping Mihrimah Yousef let's see
how this goes you said what you say just
hey just say it what do we look like
right now I'm not gonna lie we look so I
mean you sit we're like holding Lima
like with one hand down with the other
hand and so ladies it's Aeronautics like
what the heck and then we figured out
because it's hard was it
we figured out she she try everything
for like a gay couple like not that
there's anything wrong with gay people
Slim's and Twi don't hide it but there's
nothing wrong okay I found getting
really really cool but some lady was
looking at us like before like yeah I
gave a couple when we adopted a little
baby Rima what do you want to go choose
me something alright so this is what I
wanna do I'm gonna make Rima choose me
and outfit and I'm gonna buy it no
matter what it is she's gonna choose
another sorry oh make sure something
good nothing pink or yellow which is
your favorite cuts either color hey guys
don't choose you could choosing whatever
color you want I don't discriminate with
you any color you want and I'll wear it
so we must go choosing something that
would
you sure yes okay I need to go into this
but do you find my size so I'll get one
of these why are you talking with the
ratchet Miley Cyrus is back in 2014-2015
sublunar
so Rima chose us these two we're gonna
get the same outfits give me kind of
weird but we're gonna get the same exact
outfits she chose one of this Reema
choose us the pants now a good one
please let's go I guess we just met
Lydia were you probably actually I'm
going home from my first oh my my dream
is algae are nice nice as though I've
seen three much you just stared then I
was like and I was like ugly who's this
I thought you're a white girl so who's
this white girl that's it the other side
yeah yeah she's choosing us outfits
Reema let's go do you like what why cuz
I got Mickey Mouse on it anybody get
that one too yes Reem is taking so long
to choose the pants but hurry up which
one this one I don't like that color you
will but okay we'll just I find we'll
just choose whatever agreement does I
get this one I'll get my size and you
super get it sighs oh gosh
it's a wild animal in the store Wow oh
my god this is scary girl machine oil
I'm trying to go pass through that I'm
sorry hi guys so we're heading out from
the store it shows everything that remot
shows I got the pants
you still got the pants I got the shirt
he's about the shirt and the only extra
thing I got the Mickey Mouse right now
and pretty much decided she was an
umbrella and aside of raining outside so
she got an emoji umbrella we're gonna go
home and try it out the only bad thing
is we did it we haven't tried out too
close so we don't know fits us perfectly
what a little fits is good however it
fits us
that's outfits a show right now right
sub market New York City we go to
supermarkets we don't go to like Walmart
or Target some like that so we in a
supermarket my dad asked me to get
Windex so I thought it's cool ideas this
my dad has to get Windex I'm thinking to
get like a blue Gatorade and put like
the blue Gatorade inside the Windex and
I'm pretend like I'm drinking the Windex
and what that is gonna bug out so let's
see how this goes it's whipped for me
this is bachata merengue
what is he my dancers go you guys do not
know I know how to dance bachata and
salsa salsa classes in eighth grade
hey watch this daddy okay ready hey go 1
2 1 2 1 0 1 2 8 what to you worst dancer
ever
alright we got a bottle of Windex now is
y'all look for a bottle of Gatorade
this will match that one's good ready 3
ready yes
what's that what's that what's up so we
just got home and we're you gonna try it
on the outfit that Rima gave us and I'm
really nervous I just wanted to fit good
as always anything fits me but I'm going
it so let's see what gonna outfit so
we're gonna be wearing twinsies
we have in twinsies outfits Rima Tom
you're changing you change you for the
night okay when you're done come here
okay because we're changing to the
outfit you chose us okay all right so
we're gonna change into it while Rima
changes to for the night and let's see
how this goes come on this is a weird I
feel like I feel like we're young here
like you know your parents trust you the
same this is pretty much what Rima did
like are you Justin same as me why you
doesn't say mad at me like what are you
doing you're doing stop stop bro what
are you doing not doing stuff is Marissa
me drunk in love with you oh my god I
bought the series ratchet of us wearing
her this is that Vista pants with it - I
know if you guys can see it but yeah
what yes okay so that's good I actually
like it self it's not that bad you guys
looking on the comments below from 1
through 10 how do you think this outfit
that Remo chose us is gonna Rema Rema
Rema say hi Remo chose that becomes so
I'm funny came in he's like oh I got two
twins so tell us
Rima who does it look my son huh looks
nice
do you like it yeah
thank you for choosing me about me edema
mr. elf I got you do I look like what
about us what about us from oh hey this
looks like our next like album covers
huh like like there's a guy's caption
this album cover give us an album cover
name right Ready Set and I put on the
Mickey Mouse the Mickey Mouse when we
see how it looks actually like this Remo
got some good taste I want to bring my
shop and more me as you like it was dope
you like it you like looking at it like
it looks nice
yes what what no you Adam yeah oh my
back
hi guys right now I'm gonna go I'm gonna
go spill this out come back to a quick
right so I'll be back I was hopeful it's
realistic that's it
yeah I think you sure yeah you show yeah
because if it doesn't your fault did
just go to you then which have the
hotshot do with him all right guys this
looks extra realistic huh yeah it's good
but it feels disgusting knowing that I
see Windex on I just like I don't know
let's try it ready my dad's gone from
vodka if what I do this is all right any
mom what do I do shit like this grow out
of come on you know but I'm sorry this
or I've been doing since I was younger
then all of a sudden I want to decided
to film and posted on YouTube now for
you guys
our girl me gang but yeah I got makovan
my dad um we tell him that we got the
Windex
now we're gonna clean because he wants
us to like clean windows and stuff like
that so users can say oh I'm gonna clean
this up like that so my dad I know he's
not gonna offer like okay but when he
says okay I'm a pretend I'm mad I'm
gonna blend the mat and but I don't swim
when she was on with you if I were that
the number take I'm saying was I'm I
don't want to live no more that's shit
that's it I'm gonna take one dose now we
just drink okay okay um I got the Windex
huh I got the window and I think mother
should not have the hematite no later on
I'm Aaron Oh
huh hey hey you know this I guess hello
once again so a keyboard oh you got no
no what's the ticket you see that let me
write I want to write the song keyboard
at that mom at that film is zero if
you're just a little Joey I'm a drink
with the clay and shovel okay and sharp
on the culinary shit look I'm in the
pokey dude
if a woman work he go what are you got
good Nick
yo Jake windows open
hey I deal with them to know I don't
care but I go that's it bad I don't care
I don't care my drinking outside Nicola
okay come on okay luckily knows it
that's enough crazy otherwise this will
just spill the whole time
hi guys I'm gonna be wrapping up the
vlog here I hope you all enjoyed it if
you did make sure give it a thumbs up
and go turkey give a thumbs up for my
oldest nephews if you guys haven't given
thumbs up or anything like that if you
guys want to follow my instagram or
twitter whatever I don't really like
cannot really see it but you'll see it
down there or here around this face
you're sayin oh wait I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another daily vlog thank
you guys so much for watching
I'm gonna go eat right now and I'm gonna
go scare the crap out of my mom with the
Windex bottle with my mom it's World War
3 she goes crazy said yeah I'll see you
guys tomorrow
take care and peace I like
I'm here for you always a favor
I'm sure that fool Ted let me wipe them
away okay
this would choose to say
