right here hello guys what's up a dummy
gang I hope you're having an absolutely
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
white cup of tea day you should be
having an amazing cup of tea day all
right let me stop cuz my British accent
is so guys you need to teach me the
British accent like I've been to UK so
many times and I do not know how to do
the UK accent like you need to teach me
someone help me out it's embarrassing
when people tell me to do it and I don't
know how to do it like teach me no
saying but what's up it do me gang I
hope you're having an amazing day I
really hope you all enjoyed your new
year and have a cool new year's
resolution I want to know what's your
new year's resolution like a real New
Year's resolution so let me know in the
comments below what's your new year's
resolution I have a lot of new
resolution i'mma tell you guys right now
my first New Year's resolution is get my
driving license like I need to get my
driving license I need to start like you
know fly in my own car instead of like I
need I need to have my license I'm 22
another New Year's resolution is to just
be happy be healthy and stay close to my
family and stay close to LA that's one
like gosh I want to stay close to LA sit
close to my family so that means be
happy and be healthy another one of my
new year's resolution is to try to reach
a million subscribers on this channel on
the vlog Channel so if you haven't
subscribed make sure you guys subscribe
and try to reach two million subscribers
I'm not made shuttle and try to reach 1
million followers on my Instagram and
yeah that's pretty much it for like the
social media platform I want to reach
like a goal if you guys haven't
subscribed haven't followed me what you
guys doing go subscribe and go follow me
so I can reach that goal and another one
of my new year's resolution I have a lot
of New Year's resolution is to meet a
lot of you guys a lot of you guys that I
haven't met before and I want to meet a
lot of you guys that I that I have met
before and if I met you in 2015 I really
hope I meet you again in 2016 so that's
pretty much by the go so pretty much my
New Year's resolutions or what's what's
yours tell me your new resolution I want
to know so I just got to the city I'm
gonna be taking slim
I my nephew Yusuf all the way to the
arcade that I want today I call it the
bad-luck arcade because I didn't want
anything I didn't got no tickets or
nothing like that so I'm going to go
back my goal is to do this is to beat
the basketball record that I did not be
last time and to win something at that
little price thing so hopefully I went
out and I got to update you guys on the
secret location that means to them are
going to so we're leaving to the secret
location January 12 January 12 we're
going to be there how many people are
crowded
man was good man I said I didn't wait
for you from Orlando nice I want you to
go there hey guys what's up hi
why you here it's cold Zuma this chillin
feels better New York City role in them
I'm partial to Love New York
but you can't be say anything but that
you care about life for seniors
resolution your news reserves to get
more what get more with that that's bad
news sir I don't judge anyone so I guess
for you do a lot now our Jersey College
you guys just met up with the oldest
nephew are are you sir
Sam and it asked the question what's in
your resolution you know come on you I
need to know like I need to be inspired
to some other guys I'm not gonna say all
right I'm gonna say what's your new love
what's yours
until my new resolutions to get my
driving license first I have a lot and
then my other one is to like to be happy
to be healthy
I'm other one is to just meet them and
you know turn up a sit and just make
them smile every day that's basically my
well my New Year's resolution is was to
keep doing good in school you know
that's pretty much it
okay come up with a bit my god the other
so horrible
we've waited for slim so we can go to
this bad luck arcade usually I've been
to the bad luck arcade it's called bad
luck okay David Buster Gnana
i'ma tickets are capable my goal to beat
the basketball basketball gonna be no I
didn't bill I got a tie there Emma goes
to win something that I lost so many
stuff there so hopefully want to go
there
works out we'll see how it goes and as I
was saying earlier my secret location
that means them are going to is in
January 12 is booked it's confirmed
we're going January 12 Vicki you know
the place he knows the place I give him
a little hit with the secret location
we'll go to
I don't know I'm not gonna give no I
just wanted to be like a nice high
school but it's gonna be nice give me
some cool black footage something
different like getting really different
I'm just afraid of being lost and stuff
like that it's cueball can see what's up
I'm like I'm so proud of here
it's crowd length opponents about it's
where the ball is where the balls drop
just over here like that's where that's
where the that's where your balls drop
or that Boulder I'm Jenica enjoy their
there I like to slip I don't know what
he's acting look at his dog park it was
like a Transformers car
I like say look who decided to show up
really late
I really like you tricky I've got some
bad news for you guys so we went to the
arcade the bad leg arcade and it's even
bad luck at the front desk the guy was
so the guy was so good for so I said we
can't go in with boots on like these
boots that we have on but some could've
wonder but I had this I can go on the
boots because I don't know this a dress
code so I I didn't know a bowling spot
as like a dress code on my words it I
want to go I want to go that so bad I
was looking for
all the players the ruin so we got to
find something else to do so I didn't
know what we're gonna do now we look
around see yourself maybe another arcade
maybe a good luck okay
Oh
which one is better to go I don't know
if you go to get Danny Boy
yeah yeah of course
he said he takes better pictures and who
would talk about this but he's from
Jerry oh he's the other person oh yeah
this is a good way to give it no guys he
he's a he's a slim then something's bad
pictures you're me you take good
pictures thank you maybe top thank you
much sugar things away gelatin also
keeper thrown away the Christmas trees
I've always wanted to have Christmas
tree marks hi taking a Christmas tree
home say cheese hey what's your name's
Chelsea or Malaysia Malaysia oh nice I'm
Vincent yeah did it was really nice fair
I like you yeah really what you guys
doing here is too cold I can't lean
missing family what about the New York
LA which one is now try to take the
Christmas for you home yeah I'm trying
to go home yeah we're from your Balu
Middle Eastern like I'm Muslims auto
cell deficiency
I mean Anna yeah don't take this look
look I need to talk to you ok
what is good in the hood I'm here with
the homie Washington say what's up see
what's up super baby be super baby we
want to tell you guys that Rema Rema is
really really sick right now
she has a really bad fever so keep her
any thoughts keep her in your prayers in
Charlotte she was well she has a really
really bad fever like it's I think about
103 104 degrees Fahrenheit which is
really bad the normal one it's 99 I
guess about 98 something like that but
yeah she's sleeping right now and she's
I thought her head that she felt really
hot but I'm here with the homie Massey
Massey hi
they haven't seen you say hi oh hi oh
look how it he's been chasing me the
whole time
say hi I'm super deep Oh see I'm super
baby
ah see I'm super baby watch what happens
when I put on the Chucky mask he goes so
crazy I gotta wash it first
okay car baby
hmm you okay Carly
I'm sorry I'm sorry
i'ma show you guys how I work out my
bicep like this that's what I do two
three four five six seven eight
hmm no hmm mmm
take it to the handsome the baby hands
head challenge to the baby handstand
challenge let's go let's try the baby
handset jaw and see if you could do it
at this age their little shit already
700 Street yes justice let go let go let
go hey hey hi
whoa whoa headstand challenge history
Moses Dentistry he's supposed to be
super baby you're gonna get up one stand
up stand up yes yes yes yes send up Lego
Lego like let go put that like that put
that like this is not a one hit but that
like put the like Oh
Ready Set my god let go of me let go let
go yes yes oh yeah we got it we got we
got Italy sailor straight watch this
guy's watch it snap shot this picture
okay snapshot I want some like Oh ready
set
like oh me let go listen
ready oh my god this kid is gonna help
you in this out drink your milk
stop drinking your milk bar stop
drinking him yeah hi hi see I I love hey
you hey alright guys so it's time to
wrap up this vlog I hope you all enjoyed
this life did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey to every single
one of you right now watching this and
you made it to the end this vlog I want
you to give it a thumbs up I want to see
how many of you actually did make it two
thumbs up and if you did give yourself a
pat it back and thank you so much for
your love and support do me gang I will
be announcing a couple show dates for
the cities I'll be in soon in the future
so get ready for that especially Dubai's
the buddies gave me one of the first
shows that I'll be having soon so I
can't wait I've been there so long so I
cannot wait for this year 2060 I want
saying I did it thank you guys thank you
guys so so much for 700,000 subscribers
I'm the vice chair was it so crazy guys
tomorrow tomorrow Sunday I'm going to do
the giveaway so get ready and let's do
this um I mean guys take care and pitch
I like
I'm here for you always in favor I wish
you that bullshit let me write them away
okay
this would choose the sleigh
