New York when your I loved you
yeah yeah you should go to UK yeah we do
the stuff in your case no hey guys
what's up do me gang I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you should be having an
amazing I'm still happy house but the
head out we're gonna chill out today
we're gonna see what up today and it
feels yeah this visitors mouths this
reason why I keep sleeping over house
out so my mom is letting visitors
because she's too too nice she's
literally like me like sometimes her
advantage is being to to a nicer she's
to to a nice she's letting visitors see
both mouse and I mean I don't mind that
schools all good so I'm signal hums
house and I'm chillin I'm gonna head out
I'll see that after the shot hello Deena
why you pose like that throwing up gang
signs
say cheese like an opposed this is
Deena's pose dinner say cheese
Emma Elmo polo posted cheese come on
city why you put your your fingers like
that what is that what's the mean
huh it's a boo boo yeah let me give it a
kiss Noah you have Dora Dora okay put on
the Hat right there looks nice on you
now you look like a real thug eight now
you're a real thug you know yeah that
looks nice on you
Deena I'm gonna head out okay I'm gonna
head out okay I'm gonna see you later
okay
take care of T in fact I love you I love
you more no I love you more me Deena our
relationship is getting better and
better every day I'm gonna so thank you
so much for being such a cutie pie okay
and not being mean cuz you be me we're
gonna fight I really do not know why I'm
doing this but it is super cold and I
want to show you guys what I wear when
it's so so cold so I put on these first
it's like these thermals these are my
first pants that I put on to keep me
warm because it is so cold in New York
City
oh my god I want to go somewhere that's
so hot so that's what I do
I pad double socks when it's cool I'll
put on my first gray socks dish and
after that to make my thermal match with
my socks
I'd even why I do that because
I don't even think anyone's going to see
it I put on black socks over my gray
socks to keep my feet extra warm because
when I go outside to vlog it everything
it gets cold out there you know I'm
saying might not look cold but it's cold
it's cold out there I'll put on my socks
right now I have double socks on of
jeans that Rima chose me out put it on
oh my god I hate it like when my butt
can feel my jeans like oh my goodness
like oh my god I need to work my way up
to like pull my pants up like oh my god
it can't fit in I don't know how to my
pants on I love it oh I got it I had a
flat but don't worry I put on my pants
and every day after that I put on a
regular t-shirt this house stay warm I
show you guys how to stay warm put on a
regular t-shirt so feel like I'm on
diretor today but it's all good after I
wear the t-shirt I put on a sweater this
sweater resembles me cuz I'm a monkey
and it keeps you warm this this is this
one that keeps you warm but you know you
want to say swag you want to look
swagged out you want to look classy so
to stay looking classy while licking
warm see this is like a summer t-shirt
of summer shirt right so I put this
shirt on like this over my sweater a
button it down but wait it looks weird
with the sweater out here right so this
is what you do put on jacket because
it's super cold and you want to stay
warm so this sweater it's hidden but it
keeps you warm just like these thermals
inside my pants is hidden but it keeps
you more but it keeps you warm you know
I'm saying and you also looks like that
with the Soudan put on I want to put on
black on black today with some blue
jeans enough to that you're good you're
warm you look classy where's the Hat you
need a hat I'm feeling this black one
today with white Dan all right there you
go peace oh my god
look a cold editor lets up smoking
shisha outside man think I reward double
socks double pairs triple quadruple
sweaters
that's like I'd do it and you warned me
nice but it's still freezing cold you
get the kind of meal Freeza Freeza know
what we are in Macy's right now we just
got done eating some cool lunch so Jim
tell oh no the the new mixtape you don't
have the new characters you don't have
for 2006 for the new you know the new
fire mixtape coming soon new voice for
my book please huh who's that huh
alright so how's it go but I noticed the
sprite off a glass bottle is the best
like it ate I mean I know the zone
difference is a glass bottle but it
tastes really good it's more Canadian no
can I discuss it come down like glass
and you had a little it just takes me
like an animation about that picture you
don't want because yeah I don't made me
take 50 pictures as voila or if the
pictures gets a groove nothing and it
always always like oh I know one shows
the second one bro hook I told me
watching mega pictures are gonna do time
and be honest I like the first two
photos already took but I know you
always get mad like when we take like
other photos so I just made you take
another 48 pictures everyone's you try
to take a better one but don't use your
so big I don't know
pinky I just might not even available II
can do a safety though you do the same
boy you gonna say oh well I take five we
do not even over the bedroom
oh she's one up no you don't using like
a hundred tried too hard or same thing
or not i label playing oh my god
seriously you guys do not know how like
competitive and like argumentative me
Slim get is so fun you'll it is you're
actually his face backs is funny like
who can i this who be normal shit
Melissa's you this is slim he'll be
normal like this I don't want like I be
like your buddy boy
what going not as i'm saying i'm got a
cool characters back got another
character somewhere you know we will be
back
we busted some button ball couple months
ago I'm gonna be back with some fire
tanks in 2016 so
and no since I've come like that Matt
sim my hat
out of children
like an out you know guys thumbs up no
joking
take care
it's our sleep
more food
better knock out the cuddle buddy right
here you children times are hard you
don't say it's a recession I in New York
City
no you know what that hotels cost to
$300 a night crazy took your nose mmm
why I know isn't learning as at Macy's
bow
excuse me I can't get a cup of water can
I get a cup of water yeah
oh thanks never mind Melissa knock
alakazoo
I'm gonna see ya look how many people
there look uh excuse me do you have a
secure border please our cup of tea
oh my god she's British what's your name
Skylab was Kelly from Sky let's color
the sky yeah Whistler yes so Tyler be
smooth with sky so sky pilot so what
were you from oh what a Jersey or New
Jersey mom on ice yet so I'll just say
like times are hard here in New York
City so we just decided to come here
okay so what do you think what do you
think about that
crazy there's more space oh you guys you
can join in this in this space the whole
one direction clear let us go down here
see you near exit different polling in
New York City you can sleep in any
better meeting so if you want you to go
that but no you can sleep there he saves
you $200 a night motor yeah alright you
have a cup of water no cup of water so
what do I have to do okay can be going
now spawn my clothes real quick be from
here New York when you're I loved you
yeah yeah you should go to UK
yeah we do this stuff in your case no in
not more in the book I thought the
people in America really nice trying to
be trying to and let me sleep 20 more
minutes
the Queen Elizabeth she allows us and
you can she said if you don't have a
hotel room you go to Macy's and you
sleep in anybody see we have Harrods you
know Harrods you have one Macy's we have
a Macy's in UK in the city called what's
it for
the one way up north it's called a
diesel shop you had a decent shop
it's a teasing shop it's a really nice
egg for Operation Rescue trip Thank You
Man I love you that's out of my never
leaving - you can tell okay so tell them
Marcin how old are you how old are you
we're practicing for the ask muscle okay
they wanna know who's your crush they
want to know who's your crush oh hi guys
I'm trying to practice and ask Mawson I
don't think I can do it because he can't
stop moving this is like the hardest
thing look look look I don't want to
know all right look when's your birthday
Hey all right they want to know I'll mop
unikitty Micah's lovely kiss I'm just
giving him like practice questions to
see for words idea you know how to solve
a Rubik's Cube I guess not
with them I don't know what to do guys
I'm selling Boston Wow gonna be selling
him on eBay and Amazon and Craigslist um
$13.99 plus tax 1427 whoever wants him
let me know you can have him he comes
with uh he comes with some side effects
the side effects is um the side effect
is you have to move a lot but he's cute
though
but and he stresses you out and he gives
you high blood pressure
I'm gonna go to houses house okay right
I give me five give me five big five I'm
leaving you okay baby take it heading
over with Hamza's house I'll see you
guys in next shot
take care and Howard Dean uh everyone's
asleep cuz they have school tomorrow
schools back and Deena's here she's
grumpy
I thought meaner had a good relationship
but I drinks that we don't should have
said mashallah
hi what'd you hit me for
well I give you a goodnight kiss Deena's
mad at me for some reason
hums I just woke up didn't why she met
Tom she just woke up yeah cuz head of
school you sleeping I really do you know
what just give me a death stare look at
that other way ready set look at that
death stare guys look this is what we do
in yemeni houses
I mean Yemen you're Arabic houses I put
something called behold don't worry this
is not like drugs this is the whole hood
it smells good woman this is why Arabic
woman to blessed I'm gonna Jam so I
recommend you to put it like this and
then mom comes on Utley go like you
you're gonna you're like oh and looks
like this
Cara is on fire they put all around and
it comes all right your club so smoky
and after that like a stick sounds like
it might smell sex on your it smells
really really good
but yeah
hey give me kiss Oh give me a kiss what
what Tina so weird
now we're friends uh-huh
new fast Tina's really you're weird you
know really really weird but anyways I'm
gonna be wrapping up the vlog here I
hope you all enjoyed this vlog if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go turkey tall my mother died do me
so I made it to the ends black make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so much for I love and
support some is laughing Andina say
thumbs up say thumbs up so if you guys
do not know I am gonna be waking up and
about in a couple hours I have to wake
up around 6:00 7:00 a.m. because my dad
has surgery another surgery tomorrow
so she'll everything goes well with all
your thoughts and prayers please pray
for my dad and hopefully it goes out
great and I'm gonna be going to see him
and after wake up this early some waking
up like the past 4 years to go see my
dad to go with him to the hospital so
hopefully all terms are great I love you
guys take care and peace like I'm here
for you
always a feather I'm sure that fool Ted
let me wipe them away
okay this would choose to say
