hello hello hello is this Dominic's
pizza okay hey guys what's up you do me
gang I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you should be
having an amazing I'm out here early the
morning I'm up early which is around
12:00 1:00 p.m. which is not early but
early for me me and my brother from
another mother was good so but my
brother for the same mother we're going
to we're going to we're going to the BMW
car place - I don't know what are you
guys surprised you got a new car Yeah
right
you surprised me me me surprise myself
what the heck but yet he's gonna uh he's
getting a new car even this even though
this car he has is really good so look
so big as TVs he's getting another car
which I do not know why and I'm still
like confused about it why he's doing
this
but I guess just an Arab thing Jarvis
just I feel like sometimes I'm a car
because I don't do these Arabic Allah
fickle thing cool things that that you
Arabic people crazy do you just get cars
or not one to go yeah I want to get a
BMW to not want to show them with the
Xbox and I want to get this one and that
one I'm like what the heck is going on
really I'm just here taking I'm still
trying to get my license I'm still
trying to get my license but my new
year's resolution for 2016 is to get my
license and to get it I am gonna get our
promise and to get a car or probably
steal one of my brother's car so if he
lets me yeah
and I'm taking the license you have to
get your license for I bomb I get my
license I'm take the test with with car
this one of the BMW
100 dad's car a bientot I heard about
questioning these right there are the
Trump condos the Trump Towers or
something like that no but yeah I can't
reach these guys got me a house he got
he's such an oh such a thesis such a
buyer
I so this is the car my brother's got a
match Allah it looks so sick how do we
know much about BMWs like that but it
looks so dope we got it right here
take it home this one tell me what you
guys think tell me what you got staying
in a comfortable usually I do not like
the color silver enough like that this
is kind of like a grayish color which is
pretty dope so
this is a no-carb pretty much my mother
pretended to give me but it isn't it's
actually his I want to get my license I
promise I'm gonna take this car matter
fact you know what I'm gonna drop it
first I mean that's keys man
getting a car it takes so long I just
noticed that today seriously takes so so
long but why it takes so long to get a
car huh New York senior takes so long
you got these I don't know
mats what is the water mats fixing a
little flag and the put islands on it
it's so beautiful my chela ready I want
to see how it drives though I want to
know different I'm so bad with knowing
the differences between cars like Alexis
the toilet our Range Rover BMW Mercedes
I don't know the differences like oh my
god it's 1082 horsepower oh it's some it
goes
I don't know how confuse but you tell me
the difference what's the difference
between a BMW BMW is that has a twin a
twin turbo power so what does that mean
that's some weird like an 8-speed -
interpreter is faster than that then a
v6 so why do you want to go fast Oh
German cars are the best but why do you
want to go fast we're not like in a
racing like NASCAR racing huh I don't
know VV yeah many people are crazy
we just love corn I don't know you guys
are weird but it was really really
really weird the good thing is our
mother can't put the M&E flag my dad is
not allowed to put it because the
parking space he goes to they break cars
and stuff like that my brother has like
a private like a private they don't have
space or else my dad would have been in
but the place where that puts it he has
to put the Puerto Rican flag or else
like other people like I don't know this
has been happening ever since like I was
like three or four they break the door
they steal like the mirror do some crazy
something really crazy something so me
yeah this is our first moment in the BMW
congratulations to my brother it was up
so I'm so happy for him he shout out to
the homie right how's it feel driving
BMW oh my god first time in my life
those crazy never drove a German car
before was the drummer car yes dream of
chemically dish pea this dough this is
the let's see how it goes we're going
out finally
whose car is it so no Adam laughs you
the mine yes for you sigh sometimes I
feel like he's really not joking like I
think this car is for me I'm looking
around like where's the cameras Oh
where's the cameras I this is gonna be
like an inspirational video or like this
is my car but now unfortunately 19
surprised me maybe he will maybe was so
huge in the future in the future this
what you got to do got a work hard you
know think positive think successful and
it shot a lot a lot of positive things
will come so yeah the hard work pays off
talking about how luck was another
that's funny right here nice and
beautiful and watching hello secon plan
single on safety safety first what I
watch people maybe that horse you gotta
be nice and sweet and let the horses
pass through yeah I'm with the homies
Hamza and Haley I just came to the house
take a little nap wake up and I got his
jacket I got it from way I want to tell
you guys congratulations
Hamza hey that and you guys the doom
again you guys got over 1 million views
on the hoverboard the hoverboard
surprise prank which is I'm crazy I know
I love I channels of to three weeks you
guys already got over 1 million views so
I will be doing giveaway because of that
because there's a lot of people who
enjoy this I'm gonna be doing a huge
giveaway for the million subscribers
trust me that I will be doing I'm I'm
think about uploading around beginning
of January because I want to start off
the year with it I want to end the year
what I want to do something like memory
stuff I want to start off the year with
like a cool giveaway this is give me
something else and something else
give me 3 amazing cool stuff to give you
guys
knuckle-touch see you guys I love you
congratulations what oh mama I'm keeping
it peace hey and get those sort of good
to go there but uh
put on but I fully but awfully put all
of it on what's gonna do we can say kiss
me give him big hugs
oh that was like the real check me
feeling this good I don't have any okay
gimme kiss gimme kiss give me a kiss
give me real kiss like go MA
go ma good mom come on gap boy stop
being cute stop being cute I swear if
you be cute again if you smile like that
I got a lot of punch stop doing that
as it was it was it was all right I go
walk back take a hike you come back
ready set go
was it was it was it was it was so I
just got home and I woke up from another
nap because I'm feeling so so sore I've
been working out for so long
yesterday while I was working out so
yesterday I was playing basketball so
long and my feet my legs my calves was
so sore I've been full of the sore in my
whole life so I feel so so and I woke up
today like I could even move and stuff
and I'm trying to edit this uh this
video like a memory vlog video of the
whole 2015 just of like the coolest
stuff so you guys can have cool
flashbacks of cool memories with you
guys but I'm being distracted by these
people who one person who's singing
hotline bling and they came in hearing
another girl who thinks she can solve
the Rubik's Cube but she can't what do
you guys oh my god well what are you
doing oh I finished that you guys
supposed to be grown you guys are my
grown nice am i growing nephew you guys
must be mature I'm trying to finish
editing a video I hear like YouTube
rewind
no not YouTube you want it's gonna be
like yeah not like a beach is just gonna
be like flashbacks of like vlog yeah
moment
no it's not you you're reaching rewind
of life is like of the world Oh
I'm the du du-de huh I don't know oh no
I don't know i okay I'm just going
through hell I'm bling dance meet him
literally share clothes I was wearing
his jacket today come on let's go just
do it this D even I'll do it
oh you know myself oh good
can I come up please Edie's days all I
know they're friends for Simone alright
that's it okay okay okay that's okay I
need you guys I'm a room I'm editing out
my room oh yeah I'm downloading so many
vlogs already like scaring do me yank
someone wanted sexually harassed in
public baby cries and I have a lot more
to upload and take so long so hopefully
turns out great and I'm so I'm here
editing I've been editing for about an
hour to and it gets really hectic when
editing so I'm getting really hungry so
I'm trying to order pizza I call down on
his pizza to order they're like oh no
we're not doing deliveries because
there's not many like people so I'm
inside I decided I'm a call back and
just messing around for the vlog cuz I'm
just messing around see how she goes
yeah I'm so you guys don't do no
delivery at all yeah um do you guys do
I'm uh pickup excuse me just hung up
you never any life don't ever any Latin
don't ever hang up my face don't ever do
that
yeah the other guy that's on the phone
he just hung up in my face
the other guy that was on the phone
yeah he just hung up in my face
yeah you just hung up on me went out
while I was talking he just notice okay
I was tryna I shan't ask question and
and he just hung up I mean now my dad is
really mad my dad is gonna speak to you
okay cuz okay haha hey Deanna hello
Carlo hello is this Tommy nice pizza
okay um do you guys do a delivery your
clothes it's 11:00 11:30 what teaming
clothes you don't have stuff go to the
supermarket buy sorry maybe go to
supermarket buy some good you know don't
make the pizza my son is very very
hungry yes my son is very very hungry
can you make him some pizza you guys
don't pick up if you're close why are
you speaking right now you guys in the
store okay okay how about I pay you
fifty dollars and maybe you can give me
delivery maybe okay okay um I'm giving
you one sec my my my life my wife wanna
talk to you okay I lived it a busy hello
yeah my my son is very very hungry you
want pizza
don't make no food please give him
something I didn't make anything um
hello I they're not picking up the phone
calls anymore I'm so hungry I was at
peace I'm so starving but I saw how much
edit and I'm gonna just look for some
food
frigerator and see what's up there
alright guys so it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoyed this
vlog did make sure you give it a thumbs
up it's the last day you guys watch the
youth a little bit about sake I'm going
crazy
is this is the last vlog of 2015 so give
it a thumbs up do me gag every single
one of you I want you guys we're
watching this
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey thank
you guys so so much um I just finished
um I just finished a little montage a
little best of 2015 vlog moment it'll be
up if you're watching this vlog and it
just came out will be up in about 20-30
minutes if you watching the vlog and it
came out hours hours then it's probably
ready up so go watch it go Turkey on it
give it a thumbs up thank you guys once
again for an amazing amazing gear the
best moment that I put I don't know like
I couldn't download every single video
about just downloaded like about 30 40
videos and put little moments in it so
there probably is a lot more best
moments of it but those were there's the
little bits that I seem to put you know
nice cue memories and stuff like that
that we've had to up throughout the
whole year of 2015 I cannot wait I
cannot wait for 2016 it is gonna be like
just so amazing I feel it in jello you
know when you get that positive that
positive vibe you know what I'm seeing
is that positive vibe and you feel the
urge Charlo goes well I cannot wait to
make many more memories with you guys
and I hope you guys stick on this
journey with me throughout 2016 because
it's gonna be a crazy roller coaster
it's gonna be a crazy roller coaster I
need you guys to be by my side and keep
you smiling keep me happy just like how
you guys did 2015 and I'm here to make
you guys happy to make you guys from
every single day January's done 16 is
gonna start off crazy it's gonna start
off crazy gonna start off you know for a
bit you know just a little chill out you
know I'm saying then after that it's
gonna go I'm gonna go
Ambra Saudi Arabia I'm gonna be going to
the secret location I'm gonna be having
a show in Dubai having been a Dubai for
about like two years that's one of my
favorite places I'm gonna be going back
to Uganda it's gonna be a lot of amazing
stuff coming through a lot of
announcements surprises and joy to come
through so thank you guys so much once
again a doobie guy I love you guys thank
you for an amazing amazing gear
seriously from the bottom my heart you
guys seriously changed my life and
seriously made me into an amazing like I
see myself always doing my stuff in
only while these nice stuff because like
you guys made me it's this amazing like
I fell you guys made me to a cool you
know a nice a nice guy so thank you guys
so much for the bottom our thank you for
making me that guy and just so you guys
know I don't hold any grudges than
anyone for anything I'm just here doing
me that's it I'm doing me that's it I'm
kissing are doing me to making you guys
smile chillin my family and that's it
that's it thank you guys so much once
again
my hand hurts ah yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow I'll see you guys tomorrow I
mean I'll see you guys next year in 2016
aka my dad's birthday I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace I like I'm
here for you
always a family I'm sure that
let me wipe em away ok this would choose
to say
