how are you all doing me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing amazing day so if I'm
having mazing day then you sir are you
ma'am should be having an amazing day -
I hope you're having a bright bright day
full of sunshine my hair Texas I mean am
I in New York City not I'm saying we
need a hook nose at each other
what's up a do me gang how you guys
doing today I'm sorry about this weird
really really weird intro but I'm
heading to the gym right now to go work
out do some boxing play some ball I just
have a little chill out a little day to
go out was freezing outside so last time
outside more time inside do me gang I'm
taking you guys with me we out you let's
see what today is up to I'm here with
the superstar Deana give me five
how are you what are you watching huh-uh
you're always on your iPad dinner you're
two years older you can't be on a bonus
- when I was - no no no no no when I was
- don't why you always in heaven when I
was - oh my gosh well I'm su I was just
chillin what I'm a bad what Dena so mean
what she said she's that bad a girl she
called me a bad girl I'm a boy though
maybe yeah Robyn you have to be nice to
people I have to be nice to people we
have to be nice to people
Oh Dena has to be nice so go teacher go
teach you how to be nice okay go well do
you know well now what to say tell her
how tada
Dena is so crazy I sweat so Oh
Shaun was a fiery what the heck is that
Dena is crazy oh no no no no Rima
someone punches you yeah you don't do
that you don't do nothing oh yeah yes
your oldest that means and she's family
so you came to know that she's a baby
okay look still
Huyen a knockout beam Waianae kraut huh
if you knock you out then Gemma's gonna
come in but do you girls know what you
know you know so I always try to teach
you guys but you know so hey girls you
don't hit no family members or nothing
and Deena you stop being rude oh my god
The Addams Family is back to being
ratchet just when I thought you gotta
like just what I thought you guys were
like becoming like less ratchet you guys
become about you what hit me huh why'd
you hit me huh we protective over
so what would he do if I pick her up and
throw her kick you in the face take me
in the face you ain't gon do Shh
so we just got here new unit square
waiting for slim and mean you still have
an argument he say Barclay center is
better and bigger when I display about
his way bigger than this snap look
Madison Square Garden is much do you
know what they call panic or they call
it the most famous arena tell you case 9
is famous yeah but what are they Center
is huge it's way bigger than more height
look up the cup look up the capacity and
you'll see Madison Square Garden is
bigger still waiting for slim twenty
minutes later so we decided to do some
dubsmash for you guys on Twitter to the
uploader dubsmash photo Russia so funny
Cilla
what you know
so funny look so realistic good well
well look who we have here
mr. late guy mr. I'm Blake from hot
light with a fifth date of interval ago
man to Train mr. Chang I Love You mr.
China Shiro look but the next ray always
comes in like notice three minutes later
does you buggin bro flipped like 10:30
became super late you're stupid so just
cuz use me to play today I'm gonna bust
your button ball vision every state here
is live none of them cannot beat me I'm
telling you I'll be out of work bro
you'll be once on camera everyone oh la
what you cheated another you and the
team shit bro right you cheated a little
good blocks you details about actually
the comments it was a block I know
everybody said it was a foul he mean
slim had a basketball game in LA and he
says he black ago it wasn't was a foul
bros block every polish on my hand is
not if I got hurt on I said block so my
hand kind said do we get for life it was
I don't say no matter if she's right
she's right say right man up we just got
to Chelsea Piers Jim this is the men's
locker room so I don't know what you
doing here me how are you here already
get a little work it out think I love I
chose appears I told you guys before is
this
this boxer this is the key right here
right there so much yeah if you guys I
want to do a little like boxing sparring
sessions to show like I love me
immediate trial of the hamza comes out
Jame which is just like box just like
the message you guys go down to my mom
actually took my passport away she
locked it somewhere she's not giving it
to because she thinks I'm going to the
UK or somewhere to have another boxing
match which I'm not but she's afraid of
like either I hired the guy or a guy
hurts me when I'm boxing so I need to
get my passport back mommy came back my
passport this is beautiful this is like
this is like my passion boxing is what I
did before YouTube this side like all
these see all these all the V this is
going to see Muhammad from
this is my second home it was this I
want to give my huge prayers of God
sometimes I Jami I saw your fight that's
why you had first class behind and
you're always in my heart I love you man
give you
Matthew listen my heart
I got
Adam
Oh inside of this ball he got nah I
don't
good you're right whoa this rope is hard
sick metal I know I know took off my
left foot quit drinking water you ever
miss it
this boy is almost in you second
obstacle I never boxed in my life on now
never boss a nose had a street fight
this organized yeah cuz we're going to
i'ma practices like in practice
you got it I'm a practice right now my
defense so to practice my defense I'm
have no gloves
I'm just keep on here like this somebody
gonna throw punches I'm gonna throw no
punch and then I'm just gonna block my
defense and he's just gonna try to hit
me
Dylan punches out with Mason bro in a
real box Master bad Muslim pistol-shots
the oven or bounce adamance knock me out
reason so you some things pretty good
Adam I'll see ya you guys think like
boxing is not easy but he's fast he'll -
Adam fast as kids and I have long arms -
and I was missing his every shot that's
how fast Adam is down there and loser
thinks it's easy so let's see how he is
in the ring I was used it I saw if you
pull me up what if we prove me wrong
we'll buy you ice cream
all right there's one with Stansel you
move like my grandma usually you serve a
stand like it's taking a shit you sound
like a - Shane Yemen
hail bhole here's a man he's a face mask
he knows what you're doing bro don't
wanna hit let's not hit home Oh
this is always a back row but you can't
catch him
boy you together you let your clothes
and you're missing their clothes and
you're missing him bro look at I used to
come on
he wants you to do that bro it's another
one of my second home
my two favorite sports are boxing and
basketball I don't know which one I love
more but they're like my passion behind
YouTube usually was also like like a
sport for me but boxing and basketball
are like
really much oh and there's a basketball
here about to move on so some things
he's nice but since I bought both my
tank wrong all of my tank that's what I
do
my box is between two footballers both
mouthing to go crazy about Costa and I'm
gonna and everything I know you know
everything else comes like basketball I
didn't draw a road I drove the good job
I'm gonna be drawing Lena I'm gonna say
when the game in the 505 basketball game
right I'll drop off points in New York
more senseless horrible epic and famous
score work and I pass the ball to do
passable good two months insides
impossible I score La Paz so I score and
I do every tato at the our town hustle
oh I just want to say congratulations to
the homie
he's reaching 100 K and literally like
an hour - congratulations he reached a
hundred thousand subscribers before 2016
bushes I'm so so proud best weight and
toy 16 bro would derail ironically I
reached a million twenty fifty to three
hundred thousand so I'm gonna celebrate
together
you haven't told you are we going
skydiving go inside of it yeah we gonna
skydive ready oh we got that shit bro
have it yeah I'm gonna do it you come
over me I'm serious
shit ready I'm with it yoga mat okay
like reassess you guys seeing him work
so hard and all his passion everything
like I've seen him buses boat everything
so congratulations
tell me our so-called in a small show
the next time SLX motor makes almost
200,000 we keep going up we keep giving
you guys mouth give the homie use the
views of you guys or no you should
always helps us out with a lot
just cause you guys barely seen blinds
you guys to see more often our but they
always help sound everything but only
sir he might even reach a hundred
thousand this black channel - so oh
that's probably that's what happens in
the work hard you've also hard big well
it's crying good vibes yeah I'm okay so
need to find a different way to
celebrate upland sky that maybe by bus
Co a simple right now but some things
he's a better shooter than her I'm not
sure what you play Tennessee naked ball
this dude plays tennis naked he looks
like he plays tennis like the shorts up
in here and like finish shut up
now you don't like that time I do a
photo photos I'll swim yes I believe
always gonna do I'm gonna take go tell
just
I'll take ten shots 3.10 three for drugs
we'll see how much art I make we can do
say we have to be on TV
ready
I'm really tired of the tennis player he
play tennis well have you got lucky we
almost had like a little argument with
some guy was playing here we decided to
come shoot around with him because he's
all on there and they're playing the
game and then I don't know some people
when they they think like you know when
people that the way they dress up
they're like oh my I don't know how to
explain it I'm not a play like this guy
yeah anything they're above you I hope
people think they're buzzes yeah he
thinks he's high class or just because
he sees us with this shirt please live
so this goofy curly hair I'm Yusuf's
weird just like I don't but still like
it's high class you know none of us a
high class like the guy was looking on
us and he was like hey go play somewhere
else and he literally told us he told us
that and it still got mad he like what
do you mean what do you mean the guy was
like are you guys even members here like
he's Channel I come at us and I don't
know it was so annoying man like sad
don't anyone else I don't don't ever put
yourself above anyone you know we're all
human all the same we're all guys we all
got here's you all got the same thing
more human being so don't put yourself
above anyone that guy was a douche bag
you watching this on you fuck if you
watching this book you little douche bag
mess with my family mess with my homeys
don't do that don't do that don't put
yourself but don't try to kick us out
the court wrote after you done what you
workout this is the key to successfully
put on some what is this one is put on
some
Shayna butter some organic shake cocoa
butter knives it's better than the one
that DJ college knows take it rub it all
over your hand somebody you gotta feel
the success gotta feel it
gotta feel it all of your face look
although you four more get more the more
you have the more you rub oh that's it
that's it it's that keep feeling weak
feel fresh they'll clean
you go a little bit what's the best
smell I swam away so I'm good I thought
oh yo it was like it was like Windex
some shit huh it's all sweet both the
bests my secret kind of change in idea
idea idea idea idea idea made in our
friends now we made up our homies gimme
kiss good habit see where homie she's
not mad at me anymore say I love you all
ah can the mckisco mwah yeah come let's
wrap up the Bloggie okay we're gonna
wrap up the vlog here I guys we're gonna
be wrapping up the slide hope you guys
enjoyed yes oh you know say thumbs up if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up for Dina being so cute and so nice
finally give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey and I'll see you guys tomorrow
over here with another daily vlog and I
might be uploading a vlog where like
throughout the year for tomorrow for to
show how great 2015 is because 2016 is
here and I'm so excited cuz I got some
crazy cool announcements for you guys
crazy stuff tomorrow don't know 16 Tamar
they didn't give me gustan I say bye Wow
give me kiss first
see you guys tomorrow take care and pics
I love you you know the cutest way she
passes oh my god Wow
don't wipe the kiss on a kiss you
I'm here for you always a feather I'm
sure that boosted let me wipe em away
I know okay this whatcha say
