right right let's knees all right now
did I already Muslim hey guys what's up
ado me gang I hope you are having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you guys should be having an amazing
day Muhsin I don't like your hair like
that like his hair when it's up the way
I did it my mom keeps putting it down so
I'm gonna fix it and do it the way I
like doing it so okay ready
mica steel hubba hubba hubba hubba hmm
hmm hmm hmm what I'm gonna fix up his
hair can use this is nas's product if
you guys do not know now this is his his
hair styling product that I always use
and put it on Mawson and i'ma fix his
hair up ready you ready let's go hell
yeah yeah give me hey would you like a
fresh come on let me see that
oh say Oh holla
take away
he's now done look you look cute you
look more mature now you know gap boy
gap boy la la la
can I give you a kiss attack give a
little cute here huh let both of right
now just had a big argument a big fight
so I don't think that speaking to each
other but we're gonna fix it right now
tell me what's the issue okay look like
you stopped tell me what is it my pencil
he broke your pencil okay wait why did
you break your pencil she scratched me
she's scratching her on the neck okay
hold up why did you scratch him cuz you
wanna cut her because he didn't let you
call her yeah no she's lying
so happen I don't know who to believe I
don't know how to believe likely Mac
look move so both of you guys are
coloring no nothing
what were you guys doing out helping me
move
what's it homework let you scratch me
straight in the neck why would she
scratch you while you're doing your
homework like I'm helping so if you're
helping her do homework why would she
scratch you I don't know
Rima why did you scratch him because ah
so you just scratch them for no reason
so it's dutiful so why is it his fault
because my pencil yeah but why would you
scratch it did he did he did she scratch
you after the pencil incident or before
before before why would you scratch him
beforehand but why would you scratch him
okay and then now
so you're the wrong one so you say sorry
to German Rima say sorry to Jamaat and
then you're gonna polished her after but
you gotta polish first okay
Rima apologize to German Sally
give him a real apology a real sorry say
it like you mean it yeah what are you
gonna say what are you guys gonna do
hug it out give each other hug give each
other hug come on hello
I'm not talking to myself here give each
other a hug you guys got a few seconds
give each other hug girls that's it also
I'm gonna leave and never come again no
this is what I got to deal with whenever
these little two are you but the thing
is I do not know I do not know who like
who started the issue who did wrong who
did right so you guys let me know in the
comments below about this issue who was
the wrong one who was and who was the
guilty one who was in this one was Rima
or was it you man to be honest for me I
think no I think Rima was the guilty one
and I think Jurado said innocent one for
this one but Jamel still had a little
guilty guilty nuts in him but you guys
tell me and you has to be the judges
with me we see how good but next time
you guys have an argument I like that
i'ma fight all both of you okay so I
just got to Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn
near the Barclays center so if you guys
do not know we're trying to go to the
wrestling wvd event of Monday Night Raw
live with slim Slim's brother actually
we want a surprise swims brother bottom
but thing is we have to check those
tickets right now so hopefully there is
because it's frizzy right now and it's
not rainy but it's hail now she like it
because it's not getting me wet it's
like just like bouncing off my hand it's
like literally ice floating up Barclays
Center
and here everyone's here for the Monday
nitro hey big homie not a mother she
used to say what up let's say without a
I was good so this is what happened so
we don't you ticket I'm all sold out
right now
we don't find a way when you can't do
something you find way you will find the
way so it's always a senator like we're
here waiting
nothing positive yes
fuck fuck fuck
so waiting a little bit hopefully this
works out
you ever go to security right now
clothes room
Oh
Oh
ah
Oh
you saw
Oh
Oh
Oh
let's go Sasha
let's go
ha
so weird
stop
w
oh yeah you can't
let's go
Oh Oh
if you
Hey
the kiss oh my god they're about to kiss
this is crazy
I said oh we don't even just goddamn
look how it is when a star like so how'd
you like about it again I want mother to
see my all my favorite so much I didn't
even mom and do divas do it
who's your favorite diva nabela's was
Wow
we just appreciate you got the money to
bank who are you
the Canadian the Canadian championship
yeah Canadian or Australian okay a
Canadian and you're sure it will help
which and we're all here whichever you
are you just what are you you just did I
just lose it oh my god I'm the loser to
me I'm always so good but glad to go
here I not quit it's time for like Mark
star like over some pool these guys from
Brooklyn summer you guys should know
where I'm showing it where's the good
food spot come on you said you got to
Brooklyn people would sing though to me
to target oh no Sam you can see from
here to Rosco I don't know taken in
touch when Russell come on a stone said
you better hold your mother back okay
about one day
so do that do that okay good
to the person
oh yeah
oh shit
Oh
Oh what's up and do me yank so I just
got done praying and reason why I felt
like vlogging after I finished pairing
cuz I'm feeling so good right now like
I'm feeling so like you know one had
that feeling after you finished praying
um it's just this is an amazing feeling
so I decided you know what let me put on
the vlog camera let me tell you guys how
I feel and let me inspire at least maybe
one or two one or two of you but if you
guys do not know and there's a lot of
new subscribers of you guys on YouTube
so if you guys do not know I'm Muslim
and we Muslims pray five times a day and
if you guys do not know how to pray they
pray five times a day and they praise
something called fudge the us- and asha
so yeah so it's five five times a day
isn't it it's really not that hard like
some people oh my god five times a day
oh my god I so long is really if you can
be on Twitter for two hours they didn't
trust me you can pray 30 times and they
I have like like a black Remos Remus
Remus each other by decided tub I don't
really like vlog or show myself praying
because just weird saying look hey look
I pray but I felt like I felt the need
like I have some responsibility to you
know tell you guys yo yo yo what's up
I'm feeling good I'm alone right now
like in the house and I feel like I'm
talking to love talking to God so I have
an amazing and I have an amazing like ah
I feel good I feel happy man seriously I
feel so so happy and I don't want to
share that happiness which you guys so
you guys can be happening you guys can
you know always always pray and if you
guys can't pray or in our death and eat
whatever religion I always pray like
always have good thoughts and good
prayers in your head whenever you're
going anywhere outside come back home
always have good prayers always you know
always have that alone time with you in
Allah trust me you'll be happy you'll be
good and everything so as long as you
have your a long time with God with a
lot of say close to him you'll always be
good you know what be suckin I hope you
guys got inspired a little bit I didn't
know what I'm saying exactly I need to
get up every up without seriously I'm up
my dad is not here he is at my sister's
crib oh I'm home alone so I'm feeling
good
I might go to sleep in a few because I
haven't got enough sleep I'll update you
guys or something um I am going to I'm
gonna to Saudi Arabia I'm going to Saudi
Arabia in um in February I will be doing
I'm gonna with my mom around February
February something
so I'm so excited for that I haven't
been there since 2011 this time I'm
gonna go with my mommy and I might bring
my dad - I don't know if depending on
how he feels so I'm gonna go meet my mom
and that's basically her mom's gift I
give my dad a car and I was like what
about my gift you know what my dream was
to always go to Omaha with you always go
to make everything I was like mommy we
out let's go
so it should be fun now see you guys at
the next shot hi guys so it's time to
wrap up this vlog I hope you all enjoy
this right if you did make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go turkey sub say say
thumbs up thumbs up go turkey a thumbs
up say - Omar on our dummies give it a
thumbs up hey goat Ernie thank you guys
so much for love us apart every single
day I'll see you guys tomorrow
with another daily vlog take care a
piece I like I'm here for you always a
fan
I'm sure that bullshit
let me write them away and okay this
what choose' say
