when does telephone is your your
birthday uh you know anyone January
first hey guys what's up or do me gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing it's so
fun having an amazing day you should be
having an amazing day today it is the
first vlog of 2016 what's up right now
is still 2015 so I'm vlogging from last
year
ha ha ha ha they're looking the whole
family's outside my dad outside you guys
do not know my dad's birthday is in a
few his birthday is January 1st
he's turning 66 years young why are you
coming in
I'm supposed to introduce them in a nice
way but anyways let me continue on um
I've never surprised my dad
I've never give him like I'll surprise
him with a carb I've never game like a
surprise birthday party he has no clue
right now nothing was going on he bought
some airhorns to Jamal and Rhema and now
he's yelling at them to take it away so
yeah that's that's our Dez I'm dad to
tell people to buy an air horn for their
kids but then tell them take it away and
stop making the noise so right now I
will introduce to you guys the Adams
family they're late really oh hey guys
doing is doing good yeah you know you
what's up oh yeah let me show you that
this everyone sit down here I forgot to
warn you guys but they're gonna make so
much noise because it's a lot of kids a
lot of toys a lot of bones and
everything but hopefully no she's scared
balloon Shh
little parties you guys mess with me cuz
it's gonna be issues I need your help I
need your participation I do mean get
help and the everyone is up but mustn't
you're not making this work you keep
freaking moving like you're gonna make
the video you're not gonna make the
video I'm gonna sit down here play with
this and be quiet okay I know what else
I got that glasses watch mustn't do it
Lee
listen to it have some cool balloon ones
here they can blow up I have some little
happy birthday design thank you so much
she's lucky I'm going on okay I need
everyone to put one on what are you
doing both that's our happy pretty
glasses from a dad I got balloons that
we're gonna bone up now she's scared I
got some candles 66 candles that we got
to put up six guys don't listen
oh you better do it right can I do
birthday parties with our families I'm
sorry like this this look
oh my god okay so I had to take out
muffin and Deena because they were
crying like crazy Rima figured out that
is just for a birthday party
and I'm sorry about that guys this is
party strings for parties I'm on that
skin just a party's don't be scared
enough like I so we're gonna blow
balloons right now guys ready ready set
go
ah
okay we are now done with all the
balloons like I'm I need to try this out
don't be scared of this this one is just
a little what's it called this is called
a party popper this is a party popper
amazing it lasts a little bit but we
need to try one out just to like make
sure if that is cool so then try the
party popper got sick watch no no don't
worry it's gonna be good it's gonna be
good doing us it's gonna be right oh I'm
gonna go get the main important thing
which is the cake that I got chocolate
cake my dad loves chocolate just like me
so I'm gonna go get chocolate like what
a classic - okay don't move don't move
okay stay here don't got the cake cake
is right here happy birthday dad guys
ready
hi guys we have over 66 candles because
this is 66 birthday I know become she's
got six six but I don't have six six
because that that looks too much like
loominatee so
all right guys we finally got 66 candles
on this cake so hope this is going crazy
so he crazy lighting this up on fire
which is gonna bring up our birthday I'm
gonna set the camera up outside I'm
gonna sit my Depp my dad down and
pretend like we're gonna struggle the
vlogging come out of nowhere
well I'm gonna come out of nowhere you
guys are ready for this yeah bah bah
I love you so much your birthday is 66
years younger
I love you with all my heart and let's
see how this goes happy birthday let's
go me big mess I'm sorry mama you don't
have to clean this up and I'm joking but
yeah this is gonna be crazy and let's
see how this goes ha somebody hold on
what's up challenge I was good okay when
does someone is your your birthday uh
you know anyone January 1st yeah your
buddy
that is get away all right Jennifer back
12 o'clock atomic packing it's almost 12
o'clock here so I got low uh I gotta
tell you something
yeah what do you go to ah give me
something or not my open this open big
big huh you like yeah yeah I know you
know you're pretty okay hug does your
brother you ready you liked it you like
so what happy birthday
happy birthday oh yeah she rolled all
game did I mess up the King knows
everything
go ahead it's dark yeah well come on
Scooby Go Go Adam voiceover the big
mouse
okay hey what's up this all my daddy
said to me when I was younger
I'm gonna do the head what do you mess
with you now we're doing it
I got you back all the times you did it
to me what I was already doing man
hi guys we're gonna be wrapping up this
blog ak's little surprise of my dad
right now because I'm gonna go eat with
him and then my whole family's coming my
sister my mod and everything is the
birthday finish the birth is not
finished no just got started
ah okay um I'll get wrapping up here cuz
I want to show my family and hang out so
thank you guys so much for being part of
this oh my god the first of the first
I'm surprised that I gave my dad I love
you guys so much we'll see you guys
tomorrow thank you guys so much for your
love and support at do me gang 2016
we'll see you soon I love you happy
birthday daddy thumbs up and go Turkey
her first day oh yeah what's up um
having brother love you so much birthday
have you always a father promised you
that fool kid then he went away I know
okay this would choose to say
