hey guys what's up a good day I hope you
like we have an amazing bang because I
have an amazing day that was my homie
say f one of my youngest nephew say F he
is so cute but he is so so crazy his
energy is off-the-chain like gosh Allah
he is so so cute so anyways as I was
saying hey guys what's up adieu me gang
I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you should be
having an amazing day today has been a
crazy crazy morning well crazy cool
morning afternoon so this is what has
what just happened I was sleeping I was
literally sleeping my mom came and woke
me up going crazy thinking I smoked
cigarettes
and I'm like my like why do you what are
you talking about what you mean I've
smoked cigarette I'm not even gonna tell
you guys the reason I'm gonna make a
little mini skit right now little mini
skit just to reveal how since I have
since mom doesn't want to be shown on
camera I'm gonna do a little mini get to
show you guys what the heck happened and
how weird like how mama just came into
targeting me and blame me for no reason
but you guys you guys will see here is
the little mini skip thumbs up and I'll
see you after yeah
tell me what's there somewhere
let me sign it you and Missy Lucy no no
no no hey you have if you have yeah but
give me the other half as you have huh
yeah you said you gonna start okay what
do you mean it have a duty to leave us
cabbage k12 you need hold this is that's
it and I'll give you the light later
that's as it C is easy oh it's my lucky
day
so Dallas okay yellow it's my lucky day
it's my lucky you you you - oh oh oh oh
hip knee oh that's uncle life a lot
someone call - oh oh oh no no no no no
no no oh and I'm gonna kill him I'm
gonna tell him I'm gonna eat them oh my
goodness
oh I'm getting your mind I'm gonna go in
right now Oh what what do you mean what
what happened mama what do you mean what
what he acted stupid huh
nobody's acting stupid what are you
talking about look Habibi I don't want
nothing bad to happen to you I don't
want you to smoke cigarettes I know you
smoke cigarettes heavy B please stop I
don't want nothing bad to happen to you
because if something bad happens to you
I will kill you smoking cigarettes mom
I'll even smoke cigarettes
you lied to me why do you like to me
happy I'm Your Mother don't lie to me
when you lie to me makes me really sad
and it makes me wanna kill you what are
you even saying mom a lot of you smoke
cigarettes I don't know I come in here
wake me up and stuff I don't I don't do
so she ate enough new cigarettes don't
play stupid
I'm not dumb like you do I learnt that
like you
no I'm not I'm like you have all the
evidence I was checking your pockets I
was cleaning your room cleaning a room
like a slave everyday and what I see in
your pocket this is what I see a broken
cigarette this is all the evidence not
any huh
although I didn't have any sound speak
to me like that don't you don't but I am
speaking to you oh don't get mad with me
I know you smoke cigarettes because you
tried to break it you tried to break it
so you think I'm done so I won't know oh
it's broken oh my god he don't smoke but
look I found it I found it all along
you think I'm stupid I'm not mama look
you're getting this all wrong that was
Bob a cigarette who was his cigarette
you trying to smoke it I was vlogging
and messing around
then I took a cigarette I crumpled it
and I put it I put it in my pocket and I
yeah I just didn't want him to smoke
that's why Oh Nene yes mama I don't
smoke cigarettes when instead stupid why
would you do that huh why would you
break it and put it in a pocket you know
who could have got it Marshall could
have went in your room and you got this
from your pocket and you could have had
a cigarette in his hand
don't do that next time don't cuz you're
so dumb don't do it
Marsten wouldn't do that he doesn't even
know how to dig in anyone's pockets man
why you always got to bring it back to
Martin and then blame it on me he
wouldn't he want to do that SAP your
stolen you're the wrong one okay you're
the wrong one you just overreacting I
mean that serious it's not okay okay
just don't do that again okay don't ever
do that again
and that is pretty much what happened
but it was a funny situation my mom
ended up apologizing actors like I'm
sorry I didn't know what went on that
show to vlog she was going crazy but yes
pretty much clapping right now I'm gonna
show you guys I'm gonna show you guys I
was vlogging Mawson and Remo and myself
the other day and I forgot to put in the
vlog so I'm gonna put it into this vibe
and yeah I decided to something cool I
bought like these little sour candies
and I let Mawson try it so see his
reaction when he tries it's pretty weird
look who we have here
mr. bad boy mr. sneaky boy mr. gap boy
we missed you so much
look what I got you all of these Oh
Louise that's you're gonna eat yeah you
got boogies on your nose yeah okay so I
don't know if you guys have seen this
before
but about three years ago maybe two
three years ago um I gave Rima like
really sour candy tea and I've like saw
her reaction it was so funny so I
decided to do the same thing with Mawson
give him some sour crybabies like this
like just like him a crybaby and we're
gonna see his reaction
let's give him a red one super sour
rhythm you can eat it okay I'll eat
ready he sees reaction ready oh yeah no
way oh why should this gonna be so funny
what Betty how's it um ham how did it he
thinks he's a toy he thinks his he
thinks it's a toy eat ham I just eat it
eat so i god ready-set-go
question sure wow he didn't react
mashallah that thing's super sour you
did another hum whoa he loves it this is
good okay okay I'm not gonna take from
you me I'm not gonna take a few I'm not
gonna take it this kid is crazy
alright lemme try this one
this kid is not reacting Messala Muzzin
this kids not reacting look try Ready
Set ahhh okay he's not reacting no sir
this dude 8-3 he's not reacting
alright never mind this gap boy has no
mom I guess he has no feelings mustard
you ain't got no feelings
you ain't got no feelings and you're
still eating it boogie boy all right
nice reacting a little bit okay we have
the legendary Rima here she's gonna try
I'm gonna see if it is sour so we try it
try it
no this one would spite it go okay ready
yeah ready sir
Oh see look uh salad it's really sad
she's about to cut oh she's spitting oh
it's good bite of your head
this kid is crazy look at him you really
ate like four he's not even reacted bo
you mustn't you have no issues you have
no feelings like him look him yes a for
look look good look at him okay she
loves you there's another nothing see
how why should eat one okay okay
I already set mmm this thing is
somewhere how do you use this mmm-hmm
have a little sour we taste he's not
even reacting over
what's up its major man I want to tell
you all about my relationship with Iraq
she broke my heart
so I'm looking for I know girl so if
anyone there loves me I'm single thank
you all of you
I'm a guide time to wrap up this Brad I
hope you all enjoyed this flag if you
did awesome
thumbs up go to all my vital die and do
me give a thumbs up thank you so much
and I here to Louisville take it and
after you always a fathom
I'm sure that bullshit
let me write them away okay
this would choose a sleigh
