hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
you're all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you should be
having an amazing today it is really
really rainy day like it's so rainy
outside I don't even think I'm gonna be
going outside other than going to get
like groceries stuff like that for my
mom so today is gonna be a family
grocery chill-out day at the crib oh so
I really hope you guys still enjoy give
it a thumbs up and let's see what today
brings us a imagine a blog like this
like you could turn the camera imagine
flying like this like yo what up
you know guys look at this worm oh my
god that is crazy this is so cool uh let
me scare don't be scared is not gonna
come to you snot Rima it's not gonna
come to you we're likes give me a give
me an are you ok Rima huh you sure did
the worm scare you
rimas biggest fear now is worms she was
telling me she was like her biggest
biggest fear is worms are you scared of
worms they came from behind you you know
bigger joke I'm sure I'm joking I'm
joking I'm joking I'm joking
yeah go ahead I'm joking I love you fuh
I'm joking here there's no worms here
we're in a supermarket ok ok
click Arriva when we go out to the
supermarket to get groceries she dresses
up open it as who he just has even hmm
who's that frozen yes what's your name
and if I'm frozen you like her why
wearing a costume Remo so what is it
it's a costume okay Ella go jump jumping
music oh my god
they sell worms well he warms tonight
you want to eat worms tonight yeah let's
eat it what do you want to go come on
with this aisle or the other oh oh this
is the chips are so hard to choose sure
yet I am seriously the worst like
shopper because I'm just gonna end up
getting so much junk food whenever mom
told me to come to the supermarket
Myriam ago she tells me I never like
vlogging me this too so I decided to
vlog a few guys she just tells me all
she told me today just to bring towel
that's it but watch how gonna end up
being around the Riggin a lot a lot of
dog food because it's just I'm hungry
right now so yeah you can't use me type
of cooking I don't know which one to
choose you tell me which one is the best
what kind of man no kind of cookies yeah
I don't know man my favorite is probably
in this bunch yeah these ones right here
all of these probably uh chewy chewy
chips or churches are what about the
Oreos I like Oreo Oreo yeah I don't know
it's hard to choose what a Laurie okay
so which one thinks I think she should
pick yeah but she's gonna choose
everything that's it which one which one
the red one the red one blue I find the
right I liked red ones oh I don't like
the Lord is good thank you alright we're
going with these ones okay these are the
real chips cuz there's no air in it is
just all that looks like you know I got
a must
I got a what say mustache mustache
mustache
hey almost a few guys here
come on shop with us some muffins some
cake some chips some tell them what to
get and some cookies over that bye take
care peace up there's a warm behind you
there's war money ahead what the heck
Mima you want to go check it out
ream on this one right here she got a
warm on her head right you see on her
right
oh my god I think she didn't let me get
off get off you get the warm up your
head - yeah lovin what my wife no I'm
not pregnant free look as a woman your
head I'm just joking I'm just pranking
your Remo give me a smile you don't see
it right
look where she's going to give you
I'm so cute
you don't have to Hooser ahead thank you
so much what do you say
thank you so much you know that you
don't be afraid of those worms okay you
know what I do with those worms I get
them and I catch fish with them so
you'll be afraid of those thank you so
much I appreciate it thank you no
problem I appreciate her happy holidays
thank you Oh angel thank you so much
thank you
Wow Rima looks so nice on you laughing
mama where do worms come from you're
asking the wrong guy guys you guys know
what worms come from please let me know
in the comments below so I can let Rima
know I don't know comes from I don't
know me ask you let me ask Siri say
where the worm's come from I don't think
she's gonna understand they come on
sidewalks when it rains
yeah gonna read it yeah you hold them
read it yeah do you know how to read you
don't so what do you want to see it this
is every good
when it's a rainy cold day but I still
got me an iced caramel latte what is she
doing she's gonna give you something
good about him
I said what is that by him now with the
homie Hamza Haley Lima hmm cat-boy we
are back with the Adams family I haven't
seen you guys together for so long this
is something that Nestle gave the hose
my date in Germany she gave it to slim
but then I'm a slim never got it because
ya robbed it from him what gotta get my
head right Stacy
all right so since I always do mini
pranks I decided to take a little mini
prank break and do a mini challenge so
actually I'm uh Hilah kind of killed
with a mini challenge so then this is a
mad annoying oh come on oh my god I lost
sexually how much bad sex
hello seven Yosh Eddie has a bigger
mouth than nothi had a big mouth oh my
god
you're not cheating you sure you're not
doing it huh you did oh do you ate it
all right good job
thumbs up violet for getting eight great
my son is a real winner how much you get
one two three huh all right guys so it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed this flag did make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go Turkey when we
were outside Rima gave her other flowers
to other people and I didn't tell
anything she gave it to them randomly no
I found it so so cute because the first
lady she gave flowers to Rima and it
created like smiles for remind me and
then Rima gave flowers to other people
in greatest mouths for them so I was
like a little nice cute act of kindness
chain that made them you know meet other
people smart so I love that so so much
about it made me feel really good cuz i
have some haven't seen something like
really nice and cute happen like that
for a while so it was really nice to see
that today but um yeah before i end the
vlog and and everything i have some sad
news to tell you guys there is three
people Alya hum hum there is this one
girl who came to my London show she's a
fan I believe her name is good some
she's from Germany but she came over to
London to see me in the London show and
I just found out that she passed away in
a car accident so it is just seriously
so heartbreaking today that really hope
her family and and everyone stay strong
she's in my thought she's my prayers a
light hammer and I really hope
everything goes well with her family
they continue to stay strong Jessie if
you guys know Jesse from PvP his mom
passed away a lot ham ham seriously my
thoughts and prayers go out to her also
the whole duma gangs praying for and
praying for you guys Jesse and Jeana
really hope you guys stay strong and
continue vlogging cuz you guys are the
ones that inspired me to vlog and you
guys are my inspiration of loggin so I
really hope you guys stay strong Jesse
you don't hold me when I met you so nice
he was so cool and I really hope ya
stick strong cuz you're strong too man
and another one is um another one but
yeah another one is um uh this is a
really really sad one I'm so sad it's
just so sad this kid um I believe he's
lives in Michigan his name is Hamza and
jemmye my parents know that family if
you guys like the CCM anything my
parents know that family name is Hamza
Jamie had is his first boxing fight he's
Yemeni by nineteen so he had his first
boxing fight his first boxing fight and
he got apparently he got hit and they
had like kind of hard and then he had a
seizure
this is the story where I heard so don't
this is not I don't know if it's hundred
percent true but he passed away he had a
seizure and in the boxing ring and he
ended up having to coma and then when he
had coma about two days later he passed
away just crazy because like I had had a
boxing fight like not even that long ago
and I was gonna announce that I'm gonna
turn professional and to get my boxing
license in the UK for my professional
boxing and and that I want to like
continue on but after seeing all that go
on my mom she took my passport away
she's like you're not going to UK you
don't have a nose nothing no boxing
unless you confirm with me you're not
gonna do any boxing or nothing like that
because it's just so sad like just
knowing the kid is so young and he
passed away and just thinking about how
his family are gonna react and crazy but
don't worry Charlotte everything goes
well
Allah will always be by his side dumi
gang I want you all to keep go some
Jesse's mother Stella and Hamza in your
prayers for me inshallah and for them
and for you guys and keep them in your
prayers give them some Don Shula um yeah
and shells and family stay strong a map
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care of
Douma gang I love you guys and peace I
like I'm here for you
always a family promise you that
 let me write them away okay
this what you say
