come on you're not gonna sit down oh
yeah stop your ape come up dude hey guys
what's up this is Adam here my older
brother a presents must instead rimas
dad and so we decided to pull like a
crazy prank today something that my
oldest nephew Yousef he's taking a
shower right now that he's gonna dress
up and I've never pranked him so I
decided you know what gonna bring the
big bro and this head this is a today's
gonna go down so we're gonna pretend
that he's a drug dealer
and I'm arguing with him and saying you
know chill out don't be no drug dealer
what he doing was up and after that he's
gonna come in and we'll see whose side
he takes we'll see what goes on when we
arguing about to fight each other and
see and finds out that he's a drug
dealer and I'm there trying to stop him
but he has yeah oh wait a little bit
you said I'm just
but
so a man I don't know what you doing I
don't know what you're doing
I ain't stupid oh you dummy cigarette do
what are you doing what what do you want
oh oh shit up give me whatever choice
you have thrown up just keep whatever
drugs you haven't done one for you
season you don't have the stupid rope
I'm shut my living I'm trying to make a
living trying to get on in heaven give
me a thumb-up sell drugs
look you've gotta pay rent get my
clothes you gotta fight diapers you
gotta buy food
whoa if you're selling drugs it's not
legal that's illegal is dumb cause
retarded nobody gonna know don't sell it
in this house go silent shit outside
some house don't believe me you're wise
even be acting stupid
don't you honest if you want to sell any
drugs you make that shit out gotta make
a living make what live and you don't
live in you get make a dollar Mick oh
boy do you know how to be someone make
you a dollar of selling drugs yes that's
illegal both and don't go nobody can
know the can please don't shut up I'm
gonna show nobody know mind your own
business what in my no business to my
family I need a mama this is all tarnish
it up sissy Motel isn't me do it when
you look at me well you don't worry
about you you celibate oh why you have a
shit oh this guy got weed in his pocket
what don't worry about signs they see
some drugs he wants to make it look like
worry but don't worry about it you got a
little kid you're still a bit cool I
don't know don't worry about it I am
worried cuz you're my brother so I'm
worried boobs for me here like a moron
stop stop Brody stop me don't worry
about it
he's my brother why shouldn't I be
worried okay but I'm doing it for me to
make my okay but still you're in this
house when they come in I don't want you
getting locked up in some super Chicago
then that's not good with yourself
doesn't Amish it hold on to me gets for
us make money okay
why would you sell get a dog you name it
man no one that's not a good idea
oh you're so drunk in work you get the
word but I got it Papa's please wear the
night of them I got it don't worry about
it
okay but my wife you you should vote on
something see what you got him get that
type okay take that shout out the house
Tony quick hi guys calm down
I'm Philip take that sure you shouldn't
know that's not these type of stuff
night don't worry about it you were
don't you have a nice job you have a
door get everything I happen to me can
have anything you like that's not good
already given oh well you don't I swear
is the stupidest shit I put that away
good you actually both should let me get
it bro Oh coming out like this what a
boxing with a bag well I'm gonna buy the
shit you're one of my brother don't give
me this shit
whoa seriously you need to give me that
ship I'm bugging up this is mine oh my
gosh where am I you're making this mine
you should okay give me back
can I see it I don't want it you got a
bite okay well I started oh yeah okay
huh even though I believe it please like
I said we look good look it up here I'm
looking out for you so I look that free
for you and him I can all right
oh my God my important I take care of my
soul okay but I'm saying I don't want
you getting in trouble I'm not a
Catholic again I chose long as he see it
says don't worry but be careful here we
can get it can front row get back not
gonna really get I'm not tell us leave
them alone even when I'm stop doing that
shit
Rosa your mom you like it sit down down
ah ah
I'll suck it hold up that nothing to
stop visit visit your brother right let
me just talk witty God we'll just talk
about it honey holding back okay let's
take off my sweater guy that just sit
down you have abused a look about
listen you some kill him you said
wannabe I'm not I'm not siding on whose
are you taking my side while you're
taking know your face that's it you face
Franco I take it will you take this up
mom hey guys I'm so done baking nobody
yelling you guys are both wrong okay
okay one you want it I don't wanna do
one you can tell Josh if you wanna you
can thank you time you can't even be
someone take a look
but what we're we're garbage no need for
a voice you grab the whole system you
got me first whoa okay you gotta be
first sit the sit sit sit some some ass
you know that sort of like James Harden
that's about me stabbing stabbing look
Adam go ahead oh my god if you think I'm
joking right but I got tonight I'll take
a look and I thought like that out of
you joking I go I get up I shower get
you don't have stop providing a job we
broke up chicks upstream I'm not gonna
do that and you start loading them stop
it you didn't expect to be in action
tonight okay just calm down
okay you guys just talk about gonna take
this shit up go go out emotion take that
drug shit I'll go and anodyne house we
stay in this house you will see the
house are you dumb Louisiana Tech that
shut up calm down you sit down please
tell em please take that shut up get
them what so whose are you taking just
taking money from the old piece of
monster you can't take no one's that
okay you think my god the other both my
uncle's I can't take nobody's I know you
think that's the other thing what do you
mean do you mean nothing Oh fake how you
take how am I fake research
are you taking the Sun I'm not gonna
stop thinking about my life to get the
show get it up bro I'm not getting it
sure Oh Moses it's not one another one
time take it out I'm gonna take it why
are you giving it any other way
take look you just don't sell it taking
his side take it
I'm I'm not anyone's eye tight on any
system now some do some stupid shit I'm
gonna super shiny bow
lady don't go
yeah what are you guys doing what are
you guys doing okay Oh Oh my dumbest oh
my god yo I really gotta go don't we
welcome Rema Rema was sleeping she woke
up she was buddy oh okay
I think when you said I'm so sorry we
had that for you actually like I
appreciate that you were you want to
take it on side with both of us like
yeah it was
was it good yeah what the heck was that
oh that was awesome rubberband that was
the wish that was what was inside your
bag those rubber bands all do head
spinnin thumbs up before more mini
pranks on the atoms like what happen
about he said well Capri I'm sorry we're
pulling a prank man I did another thumbs
up if you guys want more pranks on the
at astronomy let me know who you guys
want next see you guys tomorrow
take care hey cane peace I love you
I'm here for you always a favor
I'm sure that those teeth
let me wipe em away okay this what
cheese's a
