hey guys what's up and do me yank I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day into me
going I am back to the Big Apple New
York City I'm back home I miss home so
so much and I know you guys did to first
of all say thank you guys so much for
clicking on Adam saw a black video
knowing that you guys to click on my
videos and relying on me to entertain
you guys and make you guys smile mean so
so much so I want you guys to always
keep that smile on your face come on let
me see you that smile smile smile and
press the subscribe button because I
upload every single day do me yeah I'm
not even joking every day it's every day
I don't know I'm singing chick poet the
help school but yes to do me yang today
is gonna be an amazing amazing day I'm
gonna meet up with the homies my boys
hua ji he is here in New York slim what
cops
Nicki I haven't seen them for so so long
I know they gonna try to roast me
because I have a bald head also do me
getting I have bad news I want to tell
you guys that Adam is back to wearing
hats probably until 2019 because I'm
trying to grow out my hair like fully
like my brother Abe I'm gonna show you
guys right now how I want to grow it so
I'm a hat Adam is back please ado me
yank do not start protesting or nothin
cuz I know you guys you guys always saw
protesting with me and you guys in the
net let me be let me wear my hat let me
be please come on come on I don't really
Drive mom older brother Ava's gonna take
me right now to go see the homies so let
me go see you guys next the next shot
domey ecks what up man I let told you
guys this is how I want my hair man
there's here a well it's growing like
from like everywhere I like it's gonna
big yeah tonic so I don't know why for
some reason I like it like that a lot
you Julie always cut the sides but I
want to make like that cuz I'm inspired
by my older brother you know what I'm
saying
knows it cuz I want to do it so I told
her I'm gonna wear a hat for a year
probably you know yeah oh my god see I
think 2019 you're gonna see me without
my that I'm sorry doing a one-year man
that's it but right now we're getting
some business done
Sam in about eight kids gonna get some
stuff done so I'm I'll see you guys in
the next man I feel like I haven't seen
you guys for so long I'm like slim you
lost some weight Nikki lost some weight
you guys are like you differ yeah
glowing up man yeah glowing hey yo
what's up for today man I miss New York
you know how it is in New York bro yeah
just walk around the street to somewhere
random she's gonna have your lunch I
know it's always some like weird random
stuff going up but glad to meet up with
the Pakistanis watching across they're
always late her mom will cost
I got him dates man he's the only one
that wants dates from all Saudi Arabia
what did you guys want me Sluttery I
don't know what to get you guys but she
got to keep an actual date oh maybe next
time guys way through to New York City
bro just see you guys I was like I saw
his ball picture and I'm telling you
these guys only what I can look good a
verdict comes froma is like go straight
ball like I don't brush crazy I'm gonna
wear amazing amazing but but we have
some to talk about when a celeb you to
super mega con we're not in the same
team
oh yeah that's a day where she always
one who knows with Adams without we
enemies 800 cars coming through so we
gonna see you guys in the next job guys
thank you so much thank you guys listen
are some ago some rice up what guys are
coming to are not what you come back
from Airport you guy goes days and stuff
really no I made a lot of dough after
you I mean as you see me so much grief
was he rejects you never there's nothing
that means more to me than that
anytime oh geez how much rope and I see
museum on we're gonna have a crazy lots
and always see my bald head but never to
hi guys right now we are in B&H it is
the best camera store ever
I'm trying to fix the mic thingy I'm
trying to give you guys better mic
quality you know I'm saying and to keep
as you guys know he's like biggest nerd
ever so and I know he's smart he knows
everything I'm saying whatever you guys
would know to ask Google yeah
go sir you know anything any what's 18
times 18 through 20 phone is dead man
you're not telling you know you'll need
your phone that's what I'm here for
Oh what's 18 times 18 so guys this is
what we're doing we're getting a
microphone stuck on the g7x right there
he's our hero Rafi right
our hero slim you got it you got it done
right there so I got a microphone on
mine right now so you probably hear it's
better Mic Check 1 to 100
we had this amazing
she's also hi guys hi guys me and watch
it we just did the best body will love
see you later bye
what are you saying - idiot Oh shame
together taught me to buy a yacht yes
I'll say where have you been my brother
oh I've missed you so much
you left me hello dramatic brother let
me drive you off guard you guys see a
Bollywood scene in New York bro I was
confused I was like what is like we're
so natural he came out of Newark I know
you nasty on his channel Watchi what's
some Bollywood love you don't have video
to me imma do a skit because that's one
thing I love about like Bollywood stuff
I love like doing like scenarios I know
I like yeah it looks like it just like
doing everything like a movie it's like
Lena and I like that it's polite and
we're with the best actor right here I
feel like you can be like you have a lot
of potential to be like in Bali with me
really a lot of 50 with us bro we don't
have to hide you know I'm saying man
don't say your negative role right you
ready
watch it was being but you will break
the serious hashtag make wise us mean
about me look at that come on okay can i
buy these easy CR no no where you guys
from
Oh Denmark yeah where is that about
Copenhagen yeah what crew yo shout out
to crew man what's up hey something in
Danish yeah my my youtube channel yg was
Nicki Nicki
dinner dinner tonight Shannon says boy
man what's up yeah some kids told you
camera something like oh yeah I've got
me yeah he's right yeah you're right
you're right mum shout-out to be chosen
girls oh whoa shout out he said it man
shout out to these all we do all week so
Wilson go yeah Danish is an amazing
language yoruba gig SLO Monaco
Tigger's like 20 times as you guys know
from the title of this video I'm called
Mount Austin McBroom from the ace family
I told you guys he keeps calling me like
I'm innocently doing doing nothing and
he's picking on me playing bass like
I'll do it you know what I'll do I'm
gonna react to this video after the shot
but much wanted to say something okay
before I show you guys a shot I was
saying Austin McBroom if you're calling
out I know when the best more like I
have my confidence he's confident now
but look let's get into basketball game
juice you are and break it down for Adam
now he's he plays basketball and it in
his league that he played we're gonna
see what kind of player he was like and
when I was in my boxing and I was in my
league I was not to brag or nothing no
cheating no darts you know they used to
call me KO king but hello saying let's
see what kind of player he was like like
I haven't took Noel or nothing but let's
see what kind of player he was all right
I said he played 66 games all right okay
that's cool that's dope man that's like
a season he only started and 15 of them
I know that's already your plane and
bench Hello Kitty's call my even Chris
Brown yeah yeah yeah Chris Brown exactly
oh my god oh my gosh anybody's calling
me on me like like like the reason the
only reason in boxing I'm calling I care
sighs case I'd talks a lot of crap like
literally so much crap man but the only
reason why I'm calling you back out
because he keeps calling me out and
bascomb or nothing like that it's
because like looking at your staff I
will see ya face ID Hey
because he's getting so so cocky and
acting like he's an NBA like Michael
Jordan act like he's a batch to walk on
the planet with acai like yeah like
Michael Jordan are like wait buddy let's
tell you this Austin
you only averaged seven points you only
started in 15 games the only averaged
one assist you only averaged one rebound
and zero point seven steals the show
field goal percentage matter of fact it
wasn't 38% it was 36% shooting flow 36%
so I'm uh I don't know I just feel like
in his like past videos he's getting
really really cocky I was a CEO drug
saitama I know this offer entertainment
I know it's all French name and
everything but I'm yeah I just feel like
if you wants to play anyone about my
I'll play him in basketball
as long as long as he does ba ba ba K
okay bro which is no no I'm saying like
my boxes that's is different man and
then you're like your stats it seems
like you're like not the Michael Jordan
of YouTube it seems like you're kind of
like carb alone or like like Luke Walton
like you know something like that you
know saying but now he's getting really
cocky eating his chips innocently
calling me I like cats I at least talk
crap and set it man like with him he's
just stayed quiet and just like eating
the chips but my yeah he's on the NBA
yeah yeah like he's gonna add be a man
like your stats get you stack straight
man get your sass back but I never took
him out man so do me gank once again
Austin from the ACE family mentioned me
in this video and this time I believe he
was trying to roast me seriously I never
done nothing to do it and I never did
love it to me I mean it's innocent man
first he mentioned me and had called me
I don't even know he called me he was
just like stick to one sport something
like that and now this time I haven't
watched the video because I just came
back from Saudi Arabia so I'm let's
let's watch it and see what he said this
time because now
now I bet I'm just joking we're not
really mad but um ah let's watch it I'm
always happy yeah it was Huachuca all
right Charlie phase drug playing
basketball he got blood is eating chips
and snacks a from my favorite dreidel
Chris Brown playing okay
he's that Jake poor play what the hell
does he even play ball I feel like they
break them all sir Justin Bieber joined
by Al Horford of the Boston Celtics
oh come on Justin and now it's me okay
through the cheeto hello what what what
is he doing alright guys it seems like
that he's just playing
everyone's bad highlights and just you
know pretty much laughing at it you know
just eating Cheetos and showing
everyone's bad highlights but Austin
McBroom from Days family I just want to
say that video that you watched was like
a 15 to 16 minute video and that was one
of my favorite videos playing basketball
cuz I was busting butt man so out of the
whole 15 minutes you literally watched
through it and chose the five-second
part where it made me look bad you know
what no you need to put some respect on
my name I mean yes I'm not a college
ball player like you but still you gotta
put some respect on it but I've been
here he's choosing a player I think
April 1st he's gonna choose his opponent
or whatever I don't care who he chooses
even if it's not me I still want him to
put some respect on my name cuz I
personally think I'm not I'm not
trashing ball I personally think I'm I
like I'm alright but you're out here
making fun to everyone you ain't LeBron
James you a Steph Curry you're just
someone who played college basketball I
didn't make it to the NBA shots fired
anyways do me gang that is the end of
this vlog to anyone who's watching it do
me gang or anyone from the East family
just know this is all for entertainment
and I know he's doing it also for
entertainment it's just fun but I'm
really excited to see who he chooses
whoever he chooses I'm pretty sure it's
gonna be an amazing amazing game but I'm
gonna end the vlog here do not forget to
subscribe because I'll upload every
single day do not forget to give it a
big giant thumbs up do me gang i'ma see
you guys tomorrow thank you guys so much
for your love and support take care and
peace I like you
