hey guys what's up and do me young I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day a doobie
gang I'm starting off the vlog with real
talks with Adam yes I'm doing the real
talks with Adam in the beginning of the
vlog so every single one you guys can
hear this and I really want to take
advantage of my platform to raise
awareness on this issue I mean I know
I'm not no president or nothing like
that but still my voice our voice can
make a change so I woke up today feeling
good feeling great I was gonna do it try
not to get mad challenge with my family
but then I seen something in my Twitter
mentions that really caught my eye so if
you guys do not know yet there's this
girl her name is Dana
she is seven years old she's from
Pakistan she got murdered and raped and
then thrown to a dumpster and it
seriously got me so so angry because I
was trying to know more information on
this so I go on the TV I try to open the
news and you don't see it anywhere you
don't see it nowhere I heard about this
for you guys your voice is out there
everyone watching your voices it came to
me and I'm speaking out with my voice so
the whole world can listen and give
justice for zeyneb and hopefully find
the person who did that disgusting thing
to her because as you guys know I have
so many kids in my family and I see
Zeynep as someone who's in my family so
I posted on my Twitter and my Instagram
to give justice for Zana and I've seen a
lot of you guys saying Adam thank you so
much for raising awareness thank you so
much and in my head I'm like don't don't
thank me this is something we should all
do especially when it comes to the media
here in the USA I don't know if you guys
know but a few weeks ago there's this
boy and his name was like Ian and he got
bullied and he cried and stuff and it
was all over the news this kid was all
over the news because he got bullied and
cried but there's nothing not even a
thing about Xena but the whole media was
talking about ki and oh my god he got
bullied and cried this is not right even
celebrities were mentioning this Keaton
kid and the crazy thing is it turned out
being fake back his family that got
bullies started asking for money like
wait I know bullying is an issue and
it's not right to bully anyone but what
the heck why why is this person asking
for money because they got bullied oh my
god I got punched in my face give me a
thousand dollars I'm not comparing the
issues but you can kind of see it the
media does not want to mention anything
when it's about Pakistan the only show
stuff that's really negative and really
bad and it brainwashes everyone around
the world first of all Pakistan is a
beautiful beautiful country I've been to
Lahore Multan Karachi
it was amazing amazing people amazing
food amazing
everything only when the media here
wants them to look bad then they mention
them thank god I've had a lot handle I
have YouTube and I can say whatever I
want I mean I can't say whatever I want
but the fact that I can mention this and
use my platform to raise awareness with
an issue like this is a good thing I'm
not really the best explainer but I do
me yeah I really hope you guys
understand where I'm coming from with
that being said the media I love you
guys I appreciate you guys and seriously
I'm not the run for president like 2040
or something actually I probably can't
even run for president cuz I just curse
weight matter of fact
Donald Trump has cursed so many times
and said some wild wild stuff some crazy
racist stuff and some crazy nasty stuff
and guess what he's the President of the
United States of America so with that
being said once again the media and I'm
running for president 2040 love you guys
do me yeah I apologize that I have to
start off the vlog like this I wanted to
do a challenge with me Hamza Hilah for
the try not to get mad challenge but
this issue kind of got me really mad and
I really hope you guys know where I'm
coming from I appreciate every single
one of you guys you guys are the ones
that let me know about this right now do
me gang the kiba's coming through and if
you guys do not know I still have access
to my old apartment my little brother
still goes there back and forth because
his school was around there and Nick Eve
he never visited the projects I went
there so I might be taking him later and
I'm gonna take you guys with me really
curious to see how it looks I'm so
scared if like stuff for like probably
being old and gone and ancient so we're
gonna see how it goes I'm gonna take you
guys with me let's see how it goes
do me gank right now I'm at the store
we're shopping before Nick Eve goes to
the projects is gonna be so so guys
you're gonna tee my way Oh get up my
face
I'm a you bumping it to me you Inc
Andros no one come on come on man what's
up with you Boris yeah who is it boobies
who are you it's taking your sister bro
I've always hated Umi gang the key is
here and I'm bout to take him to the
projects my old house he never know
about this confession so he's right here
guy with the man to keep right here
my projects I love you know what I'm
saying I can't believe this I missed
this place to keep yo that the second we
got of the uber I heard police sirens I
heard bodek yelling I heard a train that
was old in the First Circuit I never
ever took him to my neighborhood like I
never brought him I said never loved I
should go to him and lick the train its
train is so annoying oh my god
bro code inside right now you ready hi
guys I'm in the front of my house look
man I miss it I'm like I miss it man I
like this man this is dope Stinky's
elevator are you like I kind of miss it
though I know a bad man I kind of miss
it like Oh second do you know this house
this is this is where you film what ya
know yo yeah yours crazy
you filmed every video right yeah it's
so tiny I know it's more I can lay
across the whole thing
seriously I don't know why it's a big
big messages well I miss this man I've
missed this place man we're gonna lose
access to this place I believe in like a
few months so I'm taking advantage right
now just going back and forth plus I
told you guys I want to do that video
the interviewing video so I'm waiting to
see for the perfect time to do it let's
go wrong
good want to see what's up more like
where's dream of things to turn on
lights - where's you oh good okay this
is oh my god no way it looks huge
damn it is catfish man what now this is
cafes or this right here yeah this bar
girls are the cameras yeah that's crazy
yeah it's so small it work it's tiny
this is nothing this is crazy
I'm so impressed right now props to you
my teddy teddy bears David I miss this
place
oh my god yeah I miss it's like so much
of it would advise anyone that says I
don't have the space to film
look at this yeah
the thing is my screen is really
widescreen so over here is like my feet
look my feet is there my hand is
touching here and it's touching my feet
like look it's not just looks big on
camera but it's not also do me I just
want to tell you guys that there's
nothing wrong with living in projects
but the thing is the projects that I
live here like I'm not gonna lie it's
really not that clean because the
elevators stink really really bad and
they always think and I hate that so so
much man like seriously I need to clean
it up so the products I used to live in
may I need to clean it up man is nasty
man is this guy I don't like that is
disgusting you have to have good hygiene
at least Adobe gank being the kyboot
literally have been hanging out here for
like an hour or two and I'm not gonna
lie it's been it's a pretty lit man I
miss it so much of it I've miss it here
seriously man I'm missing it be honest
did you have fun honestly I really
enjoyed it it's really nice here you
know I really liked it and like honestly
it's really good though you move to
other house cuz like like one more kids
on the way you know you need all that do
me getting I'm Hamza in Hailey's house I
was editing the video right now and I
just noticed that the mic freakin
battery died and it took out like five
minutes of our talk and it was like the
most important talk that I've ever had
in that video I was pretty much saying
i'ma give you guys a summary what I was
saying I was pretty much saying that
this whole video are we gonna make a
clickbait to raise awareness for Zainab
and everything that this video makes
I'll be donated to a charity I do not
know which charity yet but a charity
that's similar to the issue that
happened to zina and I was also talking
about how I'm gonna make this video I
got evicted so people can click on it
and watch it and it can help us raise
awareness I don't know I just felt like
raising awareness because issues like
this they really get me really really
mad and I was trying to do to try not to
get matched house and I was already mad
at do me yet so I really hope you guys
understand where I'm coming from and
understand what I was saying I'm so mad
that the whole part got cut off because
it was like the main important talk and
it showed me like doing my thumbnail and
stuff like talking with you guys at the
old house so but I do me and tomorrow
I'll be doing to try not to get mad
challenge and the day after is my
announcement January 13th is my
announcement January 14th you guys will
know if it's a boy or a girl I still do
not I was also telling you guys I
remember I'm trying to think what I was
saying I'll also tell you guys I'm a to
leave in the comments below what kind of
baby shower should I do like trying to
do the balloon one should I do the cake
one should I do
I don't know I want to be I want to do a
different unique one so let me know in
the comments
which one should i do January 14th is
gonna be announced then after that I was
also mentioning how Jamel and Dena they
were in this vlog I don't know if you
guys know Shannon do a little 1020
seconds skit but your Matt he's also
gonna be coming real real soon telling
you guys why he hasn't been in the vlog
who's trying to take you know a little
mini break juh man i love you so much
he's gonna be back and doomy getting
better and stronger he's getting older
he's getting taller Michelle oh my god
my major man I love you so much cuz you
always make the vlogs
super super late so he'll be telling you
guys that in a video of real real soon
after my HOH announcement after the baby
shower reveal so you guys will see it
real soon stay tuned there's a lot more
announcements to come I'm also going to
the bay the Bay Area January 22nd for a
week I want to go see the Warriors play
one of my dreams is to watch the
Warriors play but the thing is they're
playing the Knicks and the Knicks is my
hometown city so I don't know who to
support but I'm gonna go there I really
hope you guys listen to me this whole
vlog I know most of the time I'm always
happy jolly you know spreading love you
know just always excited but the thing
is sometimes you gotta you know be
serious and and speak out I can't just
be you know hey guys what's up every
single day just happy happy happy I mean
I am happy a person heimdall I'm happy
and healthy but also wanna you know some
days just raise awareness with issues
like this because the media they would
never ever ever
you know mention so I feel like it's
good for some days to speak out you know
on issues like this so do me yang thank
you guys so much makes you guys tweet
hashtag justice for Zainab I appreciate
every single when you guys I love you
guys let me see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace I love you baby make some
Yemen a place I'll meet you there I'll
treat the playing like a nuva if that
makes me
no discuss and see much noona
