straight
ah
ready to go pick up Rima she's coming in
about two minutes and I'm waiting with
masa hmm this one
whoa chul-soo dog has every big yeah
yeah well you know some people we were
coming already come Nexus turtle
say cheese look here now you two going
yeah coming
muzzle again okay hey thank you you're
our little dance cute
he's on cue my I got sick it pretty
what's up how was your eyes you still
got a little like eyeliner on you like
I'm MC I what you learn in school about
food
wow what kind of school do you go to
two different school begin he has no
shoes on you can end up be like he's a
youngin Lobo okay that's it I need
everyone to sit down here
get your butt up what up every one of
you guys say hi say hi
let's get something out why do you just
look cute you keep looking at you I
swear don't you to the garbage I thought
it'd do to the goat and he looks cute
again do you want do you really want to
get thrown do you want to get thrown do
you want to get thrown to the garbage do
you imma throw this kid up in the air
and does it and he's gone I'm never
gonna get him back ready set go
Shh he's gone he's gone what that where
is he
he's right here with tag that's that's
so funny yeah Rima can you say snake for
me can you say I'm a dis bass that are
you coming in why trying to be in the
vlog no one tronic no look this kid he's
so bad let me ask you a couple questions
about my sensei what's his name
what is he to you huh what is he
look at him vigor Maya he smiles he does
that weird mustn't smile right yes look
right he he bites me he bites you let me
see how he bites you uh-uh-uh he does a
key light and wasn't gonna save you much
I'm what is he your brother
yeah he's your brother yeah do you love
him will you always protect them I'll
ask you will you always protect her I
said will you always protect her
I say your ABCs excellent why is he
Nixon was you sing with me you said it
wrong dream oh yes you did yes you did
ah mustn't stop mustn't stop what is he
doing kids crazy I stopped being a girl
beater huh what do you do what are you
gonna do you have a wife huh don't do
that when you have a wife huh look what
he does look watch this much fun I think
is just playing with he's playing with
you
he's playing he's playing I kissed her
Highness Oh cute I must hand I take that
back here cutie he's pitting your teeth
gum one Oh was giddy I'm home here in my
scenario my dream is a high speak to
most any talking to Denver he's talking
to you he's legit talking he got he's
holding the phone like a real person is
so toxic
finish your final oh hey guys what's up
we do me gang I hope you are having an
amazing
cuz I'm having an amazing it so if I'm
having an amazing day you should be
having it amazing and if I'm having an
amazing day you should be happy
animate are you having an amazing day
you are the farm having an amazing day
you're having that's right
that is Right today we are going to be
trying out a new cultural food which is
Somalian food but earlier today I'm not
gonna lie
Indian football did not vlog it because
I was eating with my mom my mom brought
Indian food and it was so so spicy it
was so spicy like we couldn't have to
put my reaction Frady and in food should
be next without me
so China I was at home it was like in
the morning it's like that so I ate
Indian food and it was just like it was
so spicy that that reaction will be the
funniest the funniest thing ever but
today we're gonna try some ollie include
I've never eaten like Somalian food but
I've heard a lot about it and I'm
finally crying over the same granite
rice right there support fun you're not
seeing the rice understand this waku
waku Tyler hey not you guys Peter here
we're going in yeah let's see how it's
supposed to smell on it sound like a
good man um want to try some earlier
food today yeah yeah it's our first time
trying Somali people say what's up
what's up this was rated the number one
best Somalian foot so we came here ready
to try it and mom lets to get some money
and food a hey get some water here I
like I got a jaw really good as much
yeah that's right looks dope yeah so we
decided to get me some hello daddy I
wanted to try the whole you uh for
Dilma's mango curry chicken but I don't
know me like foodie chicken we're gonna
try the hello party head about it yeah
my Shelby I'm here what's it called fit
it's called a CD by hello body and what
is it like his insides roasted
yeah julienne vegetables and rice
l'aventure vice and asbestos asbestos
hey we like it thank you so much
checking on you how do you say I'm how
are you again in this month so that I
see I'll die
yes I see I see thank you yeah well
sorry huh Matt sorry Matt Senate thank
you so much I appreciated me ready looks
so good I love it oh my god snapchat I'm
ready to try it try this go it's I'm no
GPC I got this piece again with a little
rice put some piss gas in it and I'm
ready
mmm today hey he's way no it is amazing
yeah yeah
sound of Somalia minute you know the
food is good you know the food is great
when your plate it's almost cleared up
something I got some mango juice here I
wouldn't mind getting no dirt but it's
gonna take another 20 minutes so we had
here mehleb and mela for dessert it's
amazing that you say no I love cancer
right is it
this figure is called mehleb hermano ah
hello right here no just look you just
come on outside
oh yeah is it ela sighs yeah it was
added hi guys I'm feeling really sleepy
and slinkys mess with me when I'm
sleeping so I need to go find a place to
go to sleep so I'm gonna find a place to
go to see good night
yes
hold it
so everyday decide Oh
not a thing
Oh
so we just got done to this one ferris
wheel in Toys R Us take a funny picture
look at this big chili hey what are you
doing is that pretty good
I'm gonna get one how you going I going
what I'm making one of them or this you
get when I go in
oh my friendly show off me - agony I
need more there's no picture me my oh
yeah it what Nikki you choose which one
I get which one so do I'll flip it and
you guys that's been well I guess what
ready guys ready all right
make a choice Holloway oh you got that
one I got it yeah I got the funny one
yeah I wanted Owen
gotta go
I'm to tell Harvey mmm no - soup - see I
can you know I have it Calum are they
No
Oh write it like a Majesty say no
paperwork
he's about to something crazy
Oh
let's say when let me see 20 we got a 25
well how do you get that how do you get
the matter huh yo you got a 30 pack
right that's it come on kitty doors are
over again and he's doing it for the
block you guys a goofy game let's see
how this goes
and Choucha
oh that is Evan
this was time to wrap up this vlog hope
you all enjoy this flag he did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey to
all Mirada that I do meas you guys made
it to the end of this vlog here this
vlog was coming along about 13 14
minutes so if you made it to end give it
a thumbs up I want to see how many rider
die do Me's are here I'm thinking about
like releasing like like I've never like
ever released like any like do me shirts
or do me hats or anything something
about doing like an exclusive do me like
do me just like I do me shirt one month
in the next month in a do me hat and
then the month after that and do me
wristbands but just like a hundred or
200 well actually I don't know how much
to get so let me know in the comments
below if I should get like let me know
comment below and I'll see how much I
could not can get I want to keep it like
exclusive like it'll only be sold that
month and the month after that will be
some other cool like do me products I
don't know you guys tell me I wanna
start doing that and other than that
tomorrow I will be I'm uh we'll be doing
member of me some we said we're doing a
secret location that we're going to go
to and we're going to like put like 15
20 cities in a hat and then we're going
to pull out like we're going to pull it
out that and whatever country it is
we're going to go there for like a nice
vacation so we're gonna do that tomorrow
so stay tuned for that and 2016 there's
so many cities I'm gonna be doing a
world tour I'm gonna tell you guys soon
about it I'm gonna wait on a little bit
December you know gonna have a little
chill out summer meet you I'm gonna be
in New York in December so me you have a
chill out flag and enjoy I was just
telling you that exact because it's so
in 2016 is gonna be crazy world tour
hopefully I go to your city on the world
so I'm so excited
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace
I'm here for you always a father
promised you that those teeth let me
write them away okay this would choose a
sleigh
