next question right who do you choose
ready yeah Adam hey guys what's up Adobe
gang I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing yes all
right so I suppose are you filming this
video with just my dad but the kids are
around here so we might want to come in
here come look here look here this go
but you know why are you doing that you
look beautiful without every month up
they ask you questions yeah what kind of
wicked so you're ready to answer these
questions yes okay so I'm Marcel and
Rima and we need you guys to go sit down
and stay quiet okay because this is my
dad's time for a video goodbye
what's good son how you doing I don't
get it
Oh tell the camera right there tell
everyone Dhoom again tell them what's
your name
me yeah remember what's in your hands I
will add a little bit um tell them how
old you are
uh I don't know I forgot you forgot so
I'll be 20 25 25
oh no and where you from pammi and from
Yemen yes
Yemen we're not in New York you grew up
in Newark are you look at this and watch
c8 and we're going to sit and watch yeah
I have some questions for you that
people asked on Twitter and I'm gonna
add I'm gonna ask you two and you just
answer okay
yeah ready yeah all right the first
question is what would you do if you
could never eat a seat again or you do
it you can never I see that no no no no
no no no way I have a happy a seat every
day no you wanna have to what if you
can't ever eat it never yes enough I
have to so what you gonna do what a guy
you gonna die yeah what do you see you
can maybe I'll see didn't honey you know
I have it
forgive me this is bad question next
question all right who would you choose
ready yeah Adam for a seat uh-huh
add the Barassi happen the fruit guns as
well dad me yeah
my daddy my daddy loved my death I don't
know about it but yeah I'm going
atrophic
Asha and if they do have no feet cuz
it's our ocean people we talk about
happen I don't matter not fun alright
hey what's one thing you don't like
about Adam one thing you don't like
about me nothing about you now be honest
yes to a lot so it all up yeah that's
exactly that one more what if that guy
can have a good we get oh pretty but I
get it
no no tell the job that was how they go
okay yo number one okay is it we want
that never happen your arguments just
the girlfriend pregnant one that was
just a joke okay sure yeah no problem
Maho Monday what do you allow Adam me to
have four wives no flooding I want to
get married to for what I'm gonna do a
cap on white but I'm you're crazy
one of the Monday Tuesday but no no no
no no one is enough
I don't want uh I got what do you think
about Donald Trump he's no good what
you're gonna which I'm gonna cut down
their tongue is a piece of I
already choose Rima or Muhsin oh okay
that Jews open choose what bream Armisen
huh mom you're chilled Mawson a lot you
don't really choose school yeah you you
chose me yeah can you sing a Justin
Bieber song for us do you know Justin
Bieber Justin Bieber Henry called who
Justin Bieber millennia money but is it
too late to eat our seed or donate it
happy is it too late to eat a salute and
I think no no no no I have to eat as it
every day cuz I'm feeling more than
hungry
I'm gonna yeah someone said can I marry
your son how did you meet mama my mom
how do you uh how did you beat him
Ellie I don't even know I don't know no
no no everything mama hello time ago 40
years ago 40 years ago by like you was
that she was what can end up her yeah
hey hey what he could walk away in your
house hell yeah what good have to oh
yeah you said you have to look for that
woman yeah he's talked at first while
she was singing because mom sings I'm a
doctor and that I'm you I'm the killer
all right so basically I'm a jersey so
you want to go stalk you want to go soft
my mom he thought she's really pretty
and he wants her parents he did it he
did it the right way you want their
parents yeah yeah why didn't that happen
to alia had me worried come up here
latest funny
grocery then and then what I'm gonna get
a meal okay Camry has already yeah
goodie I never liked that mother is G so
basically he was Jesus something I did I
stopped her and then he went he went to
her house and spoke to her parents
that's the olden days he wants her
parents and then mom's family they all
approached me what are you doing what
are you doing he was it on a Mary
daughter he was like you get out here
get it go bring someone like go bring
your dad go bring your phone so my dad
that I bring his whole family Tomas
family and then he said he loved her and
afternoon think I'm married how my guys
been married for kept singing what he is
40 years
my dad's how to lay down in this video
minute two more questions you ready yeah
what would you do if I dyed my hair
again if I made of my hair to the color
pink I didn't like you know you don't
like me no but what do it
I'm a diet pixon someone said why Adam
doesn't get married why haven't I gotten
married why am i single remote look why
do you do you wonder that you do want to
get value what'd he get matted kept your
father
yeah we're gonna do Reema this is not
your Q&A your Q&A is another day this is
my dad's Q&A all right so as I was
saying I'm gonna get better let me know
I said I want to get married okay yeah
look I'm in a kind of woman let me know
I saw you gotta find any woman and then
you're gonna do sitting there all night
go to a house yet very to the parents
yet playing a woman live you know all
right okay okay have an arm wrestle go
why are you cheating hey sue
ready yeah what that is strong yo ready
that go
yeah what I destroy I can't what was it
ready set go
mmm oh yeah I'm done with this video I
hope you enjoy it and enjoy it okay very
good thank you guys so much thank you
very much say thumbs up yeah say thumbs
up Cup thumbs up and take up go say go
ah see yeah II hope you guys enjoy this
video if you guys want Reimer to go next
in the Q&A you can do and ask Remus
Allah and what I want questions nice
remember coming right good then alright
thank you so much
I love you too Reba it's gonna be next
tune give it a thumbs up I'll see you
guys the next time make sure you guys
subscribe and peace I like
I'm here for you always in favor promise
you that let me wipe em away I
know you feel this what choose a slave
