hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing it so if I'm having an
amazing day you should be having an
amazing it so right now I just woke up
probably a couple maybe a couple hours
ago my mom seen the video of me chasing
the guy yesterday and then she was going
she's going all crazy I was like why
would you do that don't do that you can
get out the house today you can't do
that today you can't do this today I'm
kidding me really like angry like my mom
rush she's getting crazy then my dad she
showed me she told my dad cuz my dad
doesn't really like watch the video
something like that so my mom showed my
dad and then my dad was like ah you
stupid what did you catch him you should
have beat them up next time you caught
and I'm like what the heck is going on
and then my mom and mom started arguing
- my dad's like no he's not supposed to
do that while teaching us and that yeah
my dad is like no he supposed to catch
him
you too slow why so slow my son is fast
I told my son is number one I thought
you were my number one I taught you to
my right hand and I'm just like what
what the heck is going on my dad is
telling me I should have caught him and
I should have beat his butt mom is
telling me don't do that next time we
seen him just don't know nothing run
away so I'm just there like stuck in the
middle so just confused by my hit the
gym for a bit gonna go work out work
this stress away let's see how this goes
head yeah I just got to the gym I think
like literally no one is at the gym -
usually Saturday nights everyone is like
out partying yourself but sadly
nighttime be here if whoever it is here
with me breaking out turn it up and I
don't know I'm feeling kind of like I
don't know I'm feeling kind of like you
know we have that adrenaline adrenaline
I must adrenaline adrenaline I can't see
how adrenaline I adrenaline adrenaline
I got adrenaline rush from my happy
yesterday so I feel like I just need to
take out some you know like some little
stress or some don't just work out I do
not have no anger management or anything
like that for some people yes a lay oh
my god Adam you have anger management
you're trying to cause trouble affecting
I have the opposite of anger management
because I'm really patient when it comes
to like anything that goes on but ready
Buddhist this is for the guy that didn't
catch yesterday so if you guys do not
know my workouts usually are like the
lifting weights where i benchpress I do
that probably here and there but
whatever I workout I always do like
boxing training or like calisthenics or
like if I do any lifting will be like
really light because I do not want to
get like built and like dish and like so
big where I can't like you know like
wipe my butt so like that I like you
know saying like I know I like these
type of workout something ever since I
was younger I've been doing boxing with
new prosthetics and I like just being
cut up and a little bit not too much
like that this you're like I don't I
don't find that like cool water nothing
like that I mean yet you have muscles
I'm sorry I said if you have thinner
like this yeah yeah muscles but I don't
know I just feel like it's too much I
don't know if that's just what could you
buy usually do this kind of workout
1/1
whoa
whoa
of course yes a
hi I'm done doing punch a bag go outside
your summer workouts because I never
really show you guys other workouts I do
it so let me show you guys right now
this is ab workout
this is a breakout
this is the are very fast advertised ups
triceps and won't be that vehicle to
become
spice up you don't want to do too much
so I'll go really light and I do as much
as I can don't get all cut up
so I just got done I had a little fun
workout I don't really like that's
pretty much what I do in my work I was
just like dumbbells I use that for my
chest I use that for literally all my
workouts crossing street but it was a
fun workout gonna go home let's see what
goes let's go
it's prison all right I just got home
for my workout what's up
and this is what you guys keep after you
workout I got I got a nice full protein
me son what some chopped cheese thank
you wow you sure boy I got me 26 protein
right here this protein get me muscles
gonna feel it Phyllis good ahh do the
whole come on hey wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait month let me see your
mind hope your son feel that son
philipson wash up I'm gonna bring my
party break it punch it you're like do
they got keep punching oh listen your
Ponte de 200 one of that baby good Hey
look hey yo let's go say I wanna fight
so you wanna fight let's go see you yeah
come on box box him up let's go boxing
yeah no nice right now my dad is
carrying Muhsin you guys are not on my
dad loves loves from us and he's
literally 24/7 goes with him I try to be
with my son like 24/7 my dad steals him
all the time so he's with him right now
I'm gonna go carry Muhsin and I'm keep
going back and forth carrying him
carrying himself and then I had I don't
know what I'm gonna do but I'm gonna try
to find a way where like I would pretend
that dropped him or something like that
and we'll see his raba I am so sorry for
like prank you this whole time this week
but I gotta do it I gotta do something
once again because it's it's amuse I'm
off or mean you're in the house together
and I have no one to predict or person
now so you're it's you you're the lucky
ones
let's see how this goes yeah
well then into a van Adam I love
one that you like a little baby huh let
me know you like a little thing like
this when I put up with me Lawson ever
walk oh my god he is so key Wow oh my
god
is my hit yeah huh he's got paint flecks
mm look again Alan Alan you got a prank
like the tenth time that wasn't that
might come with me - Ambra on February 4
woody everything ready to go yeah ready
to go tomba let's go believe me I'm
ready I'm ready - I'm ready I'm ready
I'm ready I'm ready
oh my gosh so it's time to wrap up this
flag hope you all enjoy this flag did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey to all my ride-or-die dummies
make sure you give it a thumbs up she
made it to the end of this vlog I'm so
sorry for not vlogging as much today
today was like a family day tomorrow
will also be another family day so I'm
just the weekends usually the family
that's why I didn't go out and eat like
no any cultural food stuff like that
I want to chill out with the family you
know relax and all that so I hope you
guys don't mind that I'm doing the
giveaway sometime this week but I might
upload the video I'm think about making
it the first upload of 2016 or uploading
it around Christmas time or something
like that I do not know yet you guys
tell me I really hope you guys always
enjoyed this vlog every single day and I
can't thank you guys enough for like
seriously giving it a thumbs up
commenting retweeting all the love you
got show every single day and it goes up
and up every single day so I just truly
appreciate that I'm so overwhelmed that
I'm so sorry to sound so corny but thank
you so much you're dooming I love you
guys so much I'll see you guys tomorrow
with another daily vlog take care and
peace
I'm here for you always a favor promise
you that those teeth
let me write them away okay this would
choose to say
