one two three go
hey guys what's up adieu me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so far I'm
having an amazing day you should be
having an amazing day how are you guys
all doing today I hope you are feeling
amazing today sir I want you guys to all
smile and to always stay positive
because a lot of negative people that
are around these days so make sure you
stay far far far away from them as
possible and always stay positive and
keep smiling and surround yourself with
positive people today should be a cool
day I didn't know what I'm doing today
but let's see what this day goes on
what's up Japan what's up Reba a movie
it was gonna go to the movie theater
what are you gonna watch mustn't always
have to it look cute
haha yeah what's that what's that oh
something notice any TL Missy Missy no
no no no yeah but you have yeah but give
me the we have is you have huh yeah
haven't you said you gonna start need a
taker what do you mean it I'm a little
diesel oh you missed us cabbage get one
too you need hold the search that's it
and I'll give you the light later that's
it that's it see it's easy that's what
are you guys doing here no huh my
linckia find you follow me okay we gotta
sir well follow me everywhere I go
huh because we want to see your haircut
you already see my haircut seems nothing
that's the same thing
what decide the same thing is just the
fate
what do you mean hell does he heck it
like huh I got a haircut again oh yeah
we can't shuttle with the back mm-hmm
why checking up on me like a daddy like
hi guys I want you guys to enjoy time at
the movie theater have fun okay I love
you have fun and yeah don't don't don't
be bad or throw any popcorn and people
and as I was saying it's like you guys
know movie theater for you guys
we have Mawson here alone they left him
let me see it again
did he leave you all alone he doesn't
know that they leave and right now for
the movie theatre if he does know he'll
start crying you want to go to sleep you
want to go to sleep
give them a kiss give do me a kiss if
you give them a kiss yes yes they'll
give it a thumbs up okay so go give them
a kiss come on you got this Marcin yeah
yes yes
mmm-hmm got wha mm ah good job you made
it a little foggy look so smooth I'm
here with the homies slim got what up
and yousuf good that was good
we're about to go eat some Lebanese food
we're hungry every day we would like you
know we keep ourselves hungry so we can
eat this cultural food and enjoy I'm so
excited for I've tried Lebanese food
before but in Germany which is really
our vendor and um Berlin Germany but
we're trying to here in New York City we
haven't tried us all off forgot how it
tastes but ready to eat it ready
the lid has I'm loving this food oh yeah
yeah buddy Lebanese food laughter dad
we're gonna turn up a see what's up in
NYC look how beautiful look look look
and watch see this NYC at nighttime and
waseela look at that look at that look
at that a party state good we found the
restaurant
Lebanese restaurant this is it like so
fancy costume here
you're
reservation for all guns
good
miss Allen
who's the ice cream garlic garlic garlic
those ice cubes the hummus your shrimp
looks like strawberries
ready thank you so much
the first
slim never likes healthy self
helping fellow
resume
there's a state of
holger
good
it's like it's like a five out of five
restaurant so shout out to all the
Lebanese people out there tight Adam
Payne man slow this sub you so annoying
me get my soul in Ireland we're they're
fighting we're fighting about the bill
and everyone is staring at us he's like
broke my nail now I need to go get like
a lot of Medicare snap never let
anything go your way but I know he was
mad times it - today you go
so no you never stop roses boom I chose
Lebanese restaurants are so what bro lol
I could try and recap like a lowly
fucking oh my god I swear man allowable
- I say guys we just got done doing a
little shopping some literally just
bought a whole new outfit right now and
he's leaving with it I just bought a
house like might as well about a hat
Shopaholic near I'm really on my crazy
Shopaholic right now we're gonna go
chill I wanna sleep a bit - Friday night
shall be beautiful let me have you got a
spread smell a man I don't
so what's up yeah why's your hat see sad
should be happy yeah so happy you happy
mommy gotta be happy you got a spread
love and spread energy no positive and
that's the key you want you want to make
other people smile let me see you smile
like this ah gee eh where you're from
Chinese Chinese nice
he's weird I love Chinese people are you
guys like really cool and outgoing yeah
I'm sure you guys are really outgoing
like see how much about the camera and
Group C is dope oh man
see how man thank you so much thank you
how do you say I love you I love you why
I need behind ya fine in cash good Wow
we got a squirrel here well I think it's
supposed to be a squirrel
his dope
are you lying are you blind why you
lying why new fun are you blogging or
pleasure boot like why are you lagging
square blocks
screw your life's coupons fight scream
of like three times that's for you bro
you
Oh
he's holding oh stop yo Gary job ya know
what the fuck with that who is that
you didn't go oh I know so no single a
see whenever I got a fucking black guy
oh shit
Wes Wes seen him so many times when he
seen that guy so many times 30 40 I
don't know if he's like stalking us here
I like looking to do something but the
moment I seen it when I caught him
that's why I start following him a
little bit and he started walking
whatever I pull out the camera stopped
running then ran so fast the cameras
fast videos but I think guys you got a
card oh brother you should have caught
him honest well we go I don't encode huh
well he ran he ran down there not
dateable come here oh no I wasn't gonna
touch it up along just catch him sit him
down somewhere record him and talk to
him that's and see what he says that's
it because I wash my buck so on
basically I jumped on five people that
guy was one of them there was four other
people and I just I'm not sure to ask if
it's a setup someone set me up or
something like that hunter
you weren't there that because my
headphones soon
shit man train mess up my hair - you
birthday hi guys I'm so sorry about that
that was so so random so I never seen
him I like the bullet time I seen you
you know testimony from seems like we
talking about so what we talking about
is over three and this time we seen him
out the air okay we're gonna approach
him approach him he ran for his life
I've never seen a horse so fast walk you
know so pretty harsh I've been the best
of my life I could catch up why are you
so close to getting my sweat maybe we
should try coming here at this time
thirty forty at this time tomorrow we
sing something cuz usually about this
time I don't know if every day I see you
always around 34 Madison Square Garden
we're on the same train station where I
got jumped in in Queens so live I'm so
happy like love boom we always had a
boat but I do it the way he was looking
at you can't hold my gun players good
something the guy broke yeah George man
it's all good to be on I wanted to catch
him so if you guys could seen him in a
vlog and I legit interview him grabbing
him down and I'll interview him while on
camera that's all I want to do I was
gonna hit him or nothing like that
sometimes getting up someone's ready to
hit him Sims ready punching you sir was
just confused so is ready to swing I
thought I was past but me we still don't
move past one way but it's all good
I'm the levee things okay I just wanted
to see like what would happened but
we'll see what goes on
the future grow we seen him I don't but
he's the main guy that I always see he's
even the one that we seen a queen sent
him all I don't know he's following us I
don't know if it's a coincidence for to
seeing him but it's just weird and fishy
man really fishy weird man I feel like I
don't know your own safe right now what
about it I need like a me like something
out here I'd be like yeah yeah hey just
world danger alright guys so it's time
to wrap up this flag I hope you all
enjoyed this flag I feel like this flag
ended off unlike a bad bad note because
of the guy that we've seen but I'm so
sorry and I apologize if I offended
anyone from like chasing the do it ends
like that but it's just like I don't
know I don't even know why I like pull
out the camera from that I just wanted
it it was like everything was just
happening so fast I didn't want to do
like the first thing I did was try to
chase him to catch him and I'll see what
to do from that I wasn't going to hit
him or get like violin anything I wanted
to like speak with him and film me speak
with him since like I do daily vlogs I
wanted to film vlog like me telling him
stuff straight up to the camera and see
what he says and yeah it's pretty much
I'm so sad I didn't catch him I feel
like unachieved I feel like I didn't
complet elite trying to catch him but
dude is really really fast but oh well
we'll see how it goes the next few days
I hope you guys enjoyed the flag he did
he made it to the ends log give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey thank you guys
and do me gang so so much for your love
and support it truly means the world
seriously guys you guys are seriously
part of my life you guys are my life so
thank you guys so much for being a part
of my life it means the world so thank
you so much from bottom art once again
from the bottom esophagus you guys are
so so amazing so see you guys tomorrow
take care
peace I'm here for you always a favor
I'm sure that those teeth let me write
them away okay
this would choose to say
