hey guys what's up adieu meeting I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you should be having an
amazing day so today I decided to change
it up a little bit and to do a little
rant usually every single day I do vlogs
but here and there I like to do
different stuff like rants or challenge
videos and today I decided to do a
little rant so I'm pretty sure that
everyone knows that Donald Trump is
running for president in the United
States of America and ever since he's
running for president everything that's
coming out of his mouth is a racist
comment after race has come after race
his comment so this guy Donald Trump who
has no background at all of being a
president or a leader or any politician
thinks he can make America great again
it's bad enough that he's trying to make
changes on immigration in America when
America is made up of immigrants America
is has a lot of immigration it is this
is America and now he's trying to kick
out specific groups the stuff you said
about Muslims recently is seriously just
disgusting
like it's really really discussed like
are you are you serious Donald Trump
said that we should ban all Muslims from
America like what do you think we're
doing here in America other than trying
to make a better life for ourselves the
fact I said that in national television
seriously disgusts me like that's so
that's so disgusting that's that's just
hurtful seriously I'm a Muslim and I'm
living in America and when I turn on the
TV and I see someone saying they should
ban all Muslims in America is it
seriously worries me makes me feel it
makes me feel more unsafe more dangerous
which is really bad like he had a chance
to speak out to the world and say
something nice and he says he should ban
all Muslims in America which is really
like how can anyone have to say that
seriously so hurtful and disgusting if
you're going to kick out all the Muslims
in America then you can pretty much say
goodbye to half the doctors lawyers
businessmen cab drivers students
pharmacists in America who are Muslim
seriously I think Donald Trump is just
so rich that he's so bored now that he
just
to run for president like he's he has so
much money in his bank account that he
just doesn't know what else to do
anymore rather than like just let me
just run for president like I have so
much money I just I should just run for
resident I'm bored I'm bored I seriously
do not know what to say other than
feeling so ashamed like I feel I feel so
ashamed he seriously thinks that this
plan of banning all Muslims will help
America like this is not what we stand
for these statements and plans and stuff
that you're saying that you think is
going to help America be great again is
it helping nothing at all it's doing
serious all it's doing is just making us
Muslims just look more stupid in front
of the world like you're just making us
look more super in front of the world by
saying that well you're making yourself
look stupid too but it's also putting a
lot of pressure on us Muslims and making
us feel making us feel stupid as we
already are like from the media is
portraying and you're just making it
worse for us it makes us seem worse than
terrorist groups out there there's so
many Muslims all run over a billion
Muslims around the world and there's
millions of Muslims in America who are
amazing Muslims peaceful Muslims even
Barack Obama said it and you're here
thinking targeting Muslims thinking like
every single Muslim is Isis and every
single Muslim is a terrorist every
single Muslim is a violent person when
we're not but the crazy thing is you sir
mr. Donna Trump you're Isis you're why
Isis that's what you are do you think
this kid right here will hurt you mm-hmm
this kid here this kid his name is
Mawson AKA gap boy he's 1 years old and
he's a Muslim do you seriously think
this little kid who's growing up in
America will try to hurt anyone lately
think his face look at this look at this
he's crazy right right look and he's
still smiling he's still smiling so
while you continue looking stupid on
national television us Muslims will
continue to kill you with kindness yo
say hello yep yep will continue to kill
you with kindness and keep smiling and
keep staying strong and to anyone out
there who's Muslim living in America
remember to stay strong and don't let
anyone bring you down because what
Donald Trump is doing
I feel like he's bringing more racism
into into Islam even though a lot of
people are defending Islam which I'm
really really proud about but he's also
bringing a lot of more racist people
what's your name
how old are you ah you're four years old
were you from from Yemen are you Muslim
yeah what do you want to be when you
grow up tell them and I got that what do
you want to be tell them
so if you're banning all Muslims from
America you're banning a doctor in
America you're banning this cute boy who
I do not know what he's gonna be in the
future but he's a smart Muslim kid who
hangs out because you have Power Ranger
yeah what you're saying is really really
disgusting and us Muslims do not
appreciate you saying that on national
television but we'll continue smiling
keep smiling for the haters out there
see you a hater you're just like any
other
and we're not gonna stop smiling so
thank you guys so much for watching and
thank you to everybody okay thanks
everybody who is standing up who's
standing up for this in defending us
Muslims when with what Donald Trump said
which is really disgusting I know he
also said some racist stuff about
Mexicans and Latinos but us Muslims
Mexicans Latinos and everyone else was
against Donald Trump we're all in this
together so thank you guys so much for
the bottle my heart for defending us and
defending the world seriously guys thank
you from the bottom I heart the bottom
agree with from the bottom of Mawson's
heart thank you so much we love you hey
okay ah I will see you guys soon thumbs
up we'll see you guys tomorrow
have you always a feather I'm sure that
fool Ted let me write them away okay
this would choose to say
