unlike all my starts to do me young I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing name you all should be
having an amazing happy day
doobie gang today is gonna be a fun
positive video I am having an epic dance
battle with my family you guys do not
know I am at Hamzah Highland for this
house and I'm battling Hilah in an epic
dance battle Volvo is gonna be Hylas
coach and Hamza is gonna be my coach
Hamza man I don't take Noelle's man they
need to teach me some great great moves
if you guys do not know when the Addams
Family the best dancers are highly and
fuller it's pretty much like girls
versus boys but the thing is having that
please man I beg you man be a good
trainer okay yes let's do it man let's
go do me good let's go do me gang before
we start the vlog makes you guys
subscribe subscribe right here subscribe
right there subscribe right there do me
a thumbs up and go me Anthony yeah
thumbs up I upload every single day and
it's like super ratchet videos every
single day but let's do it today you
ready let's do it I'll see you guys in
the next shot do me I am with full
inhale they are my rivals today man yo
seriously man I'm taking WT I'm telling
you guys Hamza hams is a good coach
everything I'm telling you guys I know
you guys know how to dance yeah whatever
you guys know the moves and stuff like
that but me and how does that we taking
it for the boy squad we don't take no
elders so do we gank me and happens ever
gonna go to the room we're gonna go
rehearse and stuff you guys again
rehearsing here and you guys are gonna
see each point of view so I'm all good
luck that's it good luck dad dad I was
deuces okay do me yank so this is team
Adam Hamza man we're taking we're taking
a W today I already know we don't take
no elves we take double use hanging
fully I taking elves man yeah I'm gonna
check it out
oh whoa whoa I stop peeking
stop trying to cheat girls so right now
we're doing our own thing you know
rehearsing they're doing their own thing
they're rehearsing and the first thing
we got to do is choose a song I can't
believe I'm letting have it a train like
training me like what that I'm gonna
train there hey you sure
I'll show you okay sounds perfect okay
why are you wearing my Brooklyn shirt
man I remember the first time I went to
London I had this Brooklyn shirt
maybe that should be my next album cover
if I ever have another album the cops'll
I grabbed me stuff I like a thug Oh guys
the man Hamza gave me a speaker and an
adapter it's my phone so I can play the
song and he can teach me some moves
alright so this is the song demo already
okay so what shall I do come on teach me
some like you baby so you take off your
shirt come on
okay guys so we're doing we're doing no
limit but instrumental so we don't like
it redness and so we're gonna beat hamza
and adam really no competition bro no
competition I'm a teacher I'm gonna be
here choreographer over the teacher the
moves okay okay please do it as well but
how's that coming me cuz it'll be all my
life have especially if you can shut off
for all the girls wanna see your abs
how's that oh my god guys who wants to
join this prayer with me okay
let's make dua for Hamza I don't want to
do that that's a different let's think
of other different moves you know you
choose another song
yeah oh my god I got so we're gonna
choose another song maybe the tsunami
right okay okay this is the mom where
I'll be waiting for okay
teach me something good yeah this is the
moment you've awaited for the girls is
awfully sure that they're gonna see
suspect how was that cool hands up
it makes sense to the seed now this is
the moment you've been waiting for
they're gonna see you with your shirt
off so we are gonna beat them we know
there's no competition of times if you
guys already died UMI's you guys seeing
Adam reacting sir
and these musically and he's just crazy
okay so we're choosing another song
let's choose feel-good to all the people
who live without a me in the beginning
man I'm moving in with me touch the sky
what you know how you see it like how
how like what the beans are really good
for you to do at this but you have the
best cure iographer and drugs you know
know you know the benefits in the world
huh Stone Cold Stunner but ok guys so
comment down below which team you think
will win before you guys watch it
comment down below before you watch it I
was a dude yo guys I'm firing my coach
my dancing coach I'm sorry man it was
really great working with you guys get
fired I'm leaving I'm going to the other
coach for the Lahaina I'm working with
them now you're fired you're not
quitting
you're fired times that you fired it
done pull the Panda I'm in your team now
okay can I talk to the block and I see
something fine all right let's come
together let's make this an Addams
Family epic together battle it'll be so
so dope you know Adam Halen Halen I
don't be safe you know I'm saying
w-wha talk about what what he'll be
doing what do these girls talk on me I'm
like it's a football game okay okay God
doesn't think so what's gonna happen we
all let you be in it it happens it stays
in the room
how's that you know I know I came a
little late but you know it's better
late than never but never late is better
but I need to know yeah yeah moves you
know keep you updated look let me know
what should I do like
you guys dancing making some dope moves
but teach me so we can make a dope
choreography dance mean high one yeah -
huh - okay so you one true warning - one
and what y'all learned these dances what
do we gain after 30 minutes of practice
mean hailey we were ready to kill it I'm
sorry I know I'm sorry guys but I have
to cut her dance a little short it was
kind of was really really hard so this
is what we got this is what they taught
me they made me a professional dancer
Hansa you can sit down and watch without
me taking off my shirt take some notes
you guys might see some mistakes but hey
let's do it
PJ father drop the beat
thank you guys so much for making me an
amazing dancer I'm tired of you jumping
man we chop it in what kind of days is
taking off your shirt man so do me I
really hope you guys enjoyed that if you
did make sure you thumbs up that was
epic do it again thumbs up if you guys
want more dance battles maybe the next
time inhaler you can have a face-off
this time we're together
maybe next time I'll have a real face
off you know saying wasn't a cell board
directly towards you I'm gonna be a real
dance battle let's be a let's go play
some arcade definitely are you guys have
school tomorrow
now Jesus tree this is a tree
don't hit yourself you're good don't you
gonna pound it yeah love people I Love
You Man it's just birthday by the way
man yo seriously happy birthday I hope
you enjoyed it birthday sir see I did
your good
I didn't eat dessert yet I'm here with
Adam so lace up man what's up Oh God and
his family look at my dad say what up to
the vlog dad hey yo what's up man yo
happy birthday took my son man he out
here running amuck up with Dave and
Busters and whatnot if you're not
subscribed your face do me game began
getting ready no man it to me games on
man your preciate our do the man I love
you both thank you
be good
let's see you guys he's making what he
do Eragon me you're talented talented
bored man
thumbs up yo can I hold it sure this
dude got a freaking parrot you made a
parrot
yo this just lit man like hey what's up
man how's it going
dumi gang I'm gonna be wrapping up the
vlog here I just took a nap and I just
woke up my day head back to sleep but I
do me actually tell you guys that the
announcement the baby shower
announcement will not be tomorrow it'll
be January 14th some day because I want
to make it good I want to make it dope I
don't want to rush it and I'm still
gonna be here and happens in Haley's
house so generate 14 stay tuned for the
baby reveal January 13th is my
announcement so do me again if you guys
enjoyed the vlog thumbs up I'll see you
guys tomorrow
take care subscribe and peace I love you
I'm about to go missing thinking how to
get myself in this position always got
an attitude never show my gratitude
always wanna talk but you never wanna
listen Oh
