ah sounds very quick how's what that was
pretty quick right here hey guys what's
up a dooming gang I hope you are having
an amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you should be having an amazing it
is pretty warm out here nurse it looks
beautiful sunshine beautiful Sun
beautiful they don't want to see you
smile they don't want to see you going
out taking happy walks alone they don't
want to see you doing that they don't
they really don't I'm out here around
East I think is it East Village or Lower
East Side some around here Newark City
it is one of my old friends birthday
he's turning 70 years old which is crazy
but if you guys ever see him just say
he's he's turning 22 because he
seriously has like he has a heart of a
22 year old he's so sweet this guy's one
of my old friends that I've known since
about 2007
he's been there for me ever since I was
like in trouble in high school he's been
there for me when I was doing boxing
getting into fights he's been there for
me when when a lot of stuff is going on
when I started YouTube and everything I
don't know what to get him but I'm gonna
go get him a card or something cool and
let's see how this goes okay so I want
to get him a card but I do not know
which card I should get him maybe
something like hmm try to give him a
funny one listen okay so I got I'm the
school card sure hope you like your
birthday present
I picked it myself and I got something
else to remember me to put it in his
house or something like that so shout
out to the homie Steven i'ma see you
right now I'm running a little late
I'll see you in the next shot Steve
happy birthday mommy I'm sorry
happy birthday
this stuff is out of Franklin and it's
open 1 2 3
guys he's 22 years old right 22 days has
auditing also happiness oh sorry but my
waistline
yeah now open it like it huh
however the turkey bacon french fry
cheese eggs toast with butter they don't
want to see you eat what they don't want
to see you eat turkey burger what's
something like that something like that
I was good Adam I joined my birthday
with goofy with joy oh it's my birthday
I'll cry if I want to I said all these
TVs we'll just finished a little at
brunch brunch which he's about to meet
up with the homie slim she let's me up
so for the first time I told you this is
birthday yeah all right so we're looking
for a type of food to eat we just met
Leila from Lebanon so you shout out to
Leila
the thing is I just ain't I forgot every
American food McDonald's
yeah unagi the American with this whole
food challenge thinking we're not eating
no American put out at all
you have the Koran here in this book
store so many copies my son the Koran
why is that kid the Koran what language
is this in I got so I'm in Slim's
college right now and he's studying for
his Arabic test why you studying I'm
just here chillin so I might mess around
with some students I don't know what to
do yet a couple students back there I'm
new to the school
well I just came to the school so I can
look for a wife and I'm glad for the
field get married my name is my second
wife
follow your Instagram I always come on
your pictures we never reply yes I do
how I like her eyes in the pictures but
you never liked their title yes I do
so City man Tracy Tracy yeah I'm
Instagram I probably
Tracy seok's three three they were not
directly finally yourself Johnny side
don't manage it
yeah Sonny okay
no Stevie what up Steven yeah what up
I'll shut the hole move I don't I look
great I like that yeah Alex I don't know
journeyman Alex Ron what I have names
I'm sure no no Jon are you talking about
I'm Josh a Josh a yes I'm Dexter Dexter
always gonna be on TV
Tony Clifford I'm not talking be on beat
anyway Tony you're not Tony yeah that's
crazy like my ex my ex yeah max okay
City College I know what it is
where's my gang right here I'm I'm the
top
no I'm repping it up in the game huh
we're up in the gang at auction I mean
like do me gang what is that
it's part of it's like my game will do
me game yeah I want to be part of doom
again now we go no no it's a good game
cuz I'm like you know we'll fight in the
hood
no we good we good a good game no no
understand wait before we go to Carmen
aah oh yeah oh she named Judah Mario I'm
a normal person that's what yeah just
use excessive work man be safe sir
so yeah I'm gonna solve it for you and
it takes me about a minute and a half or
two solve it but I was also longer let's
do it all right now ready set go
my nervous
absolutely
almost 30 2013
ses yearbook
I see it
Wow yeah you smart
how long was that I don't know when that
house lucky hello YouTube um bashang has
a trick I'm gonna go around to people
this is how you solve it in like five
seconds right what you do see you solve
but I mean this only repeats you like
this one
why two three four five six seven and
then like you've got to remember what
part you're holding on and it looks like
it's like good right now need to fool
them and I like to solve it in ten
seconds whatever
can you go next to them you can't let
them don't let them touch it just find a
way to be like hey I'm solving this
again then you look around you pretend
you know you go like this and he's going
keep going like this
whatever you do like this going I'm
gonna solve this and less than seven
seconds
ready I'm sure you got a whole the
camera all right there hold it right
ready go higher and I'll teach you how
to fly - so what's your name David hot
they receive it I see you ready sir
ah very quick house what that was pretty
quick now how'd you do it
well algorithm like you know I'm one of
the fastest solvers in the world I don't
know how to do this half of it right one
hand so let's go going a little the most
bestest it's going let's go he's gonna
be elated
do you like babies
like I don't want to say apologize yeah
dick you ready set go
Oh missing
I'm missing you ready meals easy
what you say
all the others
all the time
I surveyed my time
listening Haidee it was really good Adam
right now I'm here with Hayley went up
to hide it and I'm looking at her
pictures like later what is it what
he'll do o3 hi
she was like three years old this was a
school picture and she does like Rima a
little bit but she looks so different I
said Dina she's like Rima Dina makes
like she's like you she looks depressed
why do you look so depressed you think
so you guys want to see some throwback
pictures of me I have a lot give this
blog I'll show you know now I'm not sure
now show a nice one no no they can
picture me what the heck I have some
throwbacks allowed me so thumbs up if
you guys want to see you in the next
next blog maybe I don't know maybe I'll
show maybe not yeah I'll show one right
now was a throwback picture oh my god I
was such an ugly baby with eggs I'm not
showing it what the how's it look I'm
here you do it like this this is me and
Hamza I couldn't give it as exclusive me
and Hamza yeah then what's your job the
dogs at the fun house and me I had a
little black guy at that time too if you
guys could look closely at the neighbors
yeah if you guys wanna see more
throwback pics thumbs up and I'll show
you guys yes American huh hey hey yeah
so never makes any money yeah sweet a
Seabrooke
when I go I am a low emotional when he
has gone Adam I said once at school
we're so close like my other brothers
they caught him like either like kind of
a yes obviously I'm so hopeful it's
coming on every single one of my nieces
nephews we got the road but every single
one my nieces and nephews they never
call me uncle that's that's they never
come back never because I'm soaking yeah
I know that brother like if you like a
brother be pretty much she was my little
brother I'm going but Rima calls me Adam
most it even called mother belong yes I
go yes at home had Harlem sorry common
some only keep comes in style they're so
sweet but it's open the door for many
things on yeah well yeah is that one
foster all their you guys offered me
that James got the camera ready to give
him one man oh man I'm sorry you want
one I love that alright guys so it's
time to wrap up this flag hope you all
enjoy this flag did make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go Turkey thank you
to everyone who has been showing a lot a
lot of extra love on daily vlogs every
single day seriously I'm seeing the
vlogs
grow going up like one direction Nome
say I seen it going up so thank you guys
so so much for the bottom are and I
decided that tomorrow I will be doing a
question and answer with my dad but only
questions to my dad so I'm gonna be
asking questions from you guys that will
be asking to my dad so write a hashtag
ask baba salah here go to my twitter
which is down below my twitter is here
and write the hashtag ask baba sali
and give me awkward funny questions to
ask my dad and yeah I'll do a little Q&A
with him so hopefully that'll turn great
and I will see you guys I couldn't oh by
the way I couldn't get to a mom we
couldn't get to go eat a cultural type
of food today the place we're gonna go
was close we are gonna go there tomorrow
so stay tuned for that if you guys are
watching make sure you guys go check out
the prank that slimmed it on me and if
you guys can go subscribe to his channel
the link will be down below the first
link down go subscribe to channel I want
to reach 100,000 subscribers before the
start of 2016 because I want to be
motivated and I wanted to like be like
you know inspired and motivated so make
sure you guys go subscribe and check out
the video and give it a thumbs up
I'll see you guys tomorrow dummy gang
take care and peace I'll owe you
I'll owe you no you after you always a
favor
come shoot at those teeth
let me write them away okay
this would choose to say
