knows everything ready going listen to
this you know what no English
listen to this hey guys what's up adieu
me gang I hope you're having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing day you should
be having an amazing I'm feeling so good
so happy today I'm the lessons I've
woken up so early and I've been editing
so much videos I put up the reacting 2
million videos I put up the ramp I put
up an Instagram video and it's just been
like back to back hustling awesome ha ha
hustle hustle ha ha and I'm so happy I'm
celebrating a million subscribers with
my family but I'm not gonna be vlogging
because I'm gonna be with literally my
whole family my mom was like put your
camera down go out this and that bubble
so I'm gonna go out my family and I'm
gonna see you guys back here and let's
see how this goes I don't see you are
you
alright guys so right now I'm looking
for slim I'm on the phone he says he's
in 61st Street and I'm like I'm a CEO
he's right there
yeah he's here I don't know what's up
you here okay I'm sure I said I'll see
you in a few minutes in a few seconds
motherfucker
all right take it good ha ha sido how my
day was get yours how was it this Holika
stuff the kids are going good menu
sounds great
I'm assuming a few I I think I have been
scared of it
oh thank you so much thank you I
appreciate it though you guys I see you
I see you in a few seconds that I take
it but ok only I believe every day every
day
honey I'll be in here a million there
okay long hair with coconut everywhere I
dare you yeah
scream really loud
is going here
in the Train
we do
excuse me ladies and gentlemen I just
want to tell you guys that I reached 1
million subscribers on YouTube and I
want to celebrate everyone in here by
putting your hands up
Oh everyone put their hands up come on I
reached a minute is they come hands oh
come on ability RC ta they like this
keep it up I got one person
you guys okay no one cares no one cares
I know kiss I can
they don't want to see you smile they
don't want to see my I don't want to see
you I didn't want to sing up moon squaw
they don't want to see I wanna see
no one sees
or to me gang was good game was please
go do what's good yo sup homies right we
just had a little you know mini
celebration for the million subscriber
and yeah like shadow charge our art I'm
sorry I do the game for spore my boy and
he's he'll million holla thank you so
much hopefully next time we're gonna
hang out and see where yo we're gonna
plug you in the government when convince
this guy to come and learn dance I will
focus but is more lacking right now it's
hard I need you guys to pressure him I
let sorry hello hold the fan make this
guy I let's do it
watch this ready you got 30 seconds CJ
move ready go hey hey hey i doing again
i wanna kill it
hey we're not doing again by the killer
oh good bring up interests again yeah
thank you guys thank you so much
cooperation
oh it was right right with say
wasagamack hello i am here we're
shooting a Instagram video for you guys
so hopefully ready he doesn't know
what's going on so it's not something
okay so we're gonna do basically the
video is our parents American parents
breaking your teeth okay no I'm not
gonna really break your teeth but the
American parents gonna be old gentle
nice their parents it's just gonna be a
wild you ready do it can you pick good
okay we're gonna do it he thinks I'm
really in like I'm knocking my door it's
just just for the video I got the wrong
to listen we're done commencing you okay
good acting biking back what's up she's
acting right it seems like he's real but
to man
I love using he's one of he's one of the
best actors him Andrea mother really
really good you good if I'm ready to
didn't sing a video it's gonna be up in
about 30 minutes okay so I just got back
from having a little lunch or dinner as
a lunch I don't know lunch or dinner
with my family it was an amazing amazing
time seriously seeing my mom even my mom
was so happy like seeing you have like
reach like my goal at million like
million subscribers and she was so happy
she was encouraging me a lot like
hopefully next time I don't know I seen
her so I have you know what he seen when
you see your mama funny faces you're so
happy it just makes you happy too so I
seen that and it made me really
really happy and yeah you shout out to
my mama out there my whole family my
sister's my brothers for just giving me
so much love and then I love you guys I
love you I love you I love you so so so
much as if by tomorrow to my family
you guys are my life Lexia yeah sound so
cheesy I know but right now I'm under
something really I was on a really
really fun night so my dad has Arabic
Siri now right yeah in his phone he has
an Arabic Siri he speaks this I don't
know how so up there or something but he
speaks in Arabic well he doesn't know
how to use it he speaks in Arabic in
Arabic to the Siri thingy and it's the
funniest thing ever so this one I'm
gonna go live with him talking to Arabic
Siri to Arab Siri and then after that
I'm gonna mess around with Siri and I'm
gonna pretend that Siri knows everything
about him and my dad is gonna bug out go
crazy let's see how this goes Siri is in
Arabic I have MS look say yo Salaam
alaikum so I come over the cotton god
it's almost a lolly chillin like I said
I'm gonna cut off that away I don't have
wait wait a little bit
so my dad has see Rihanna song and he's
been speaking so you don't speak so like
that not like this you press it like
this look I make the whole - Siri
serious like this even speak the moment
you said I press like this helps you
sorry I'm gonna crack - all right guys
should make beginner Lucas clamour see
ok leather Masada press this and then
you talk all right now go so I'm gonna
catch it right guys you're gonna add
them now yeah where the hell have you
fuckin Joey
hey today let me show you my CV okay
come on
that's Marcus you have mercy but English
is English by one it knows everything
knows everything ready
don't listen to this you don't know
English listen to this
you are Adam stabbing you
what die you don't mean run huh Hey look
was gonna say the go see you is gonna
say listen ready see together baby
how very close she said let's get
married and eat some I see together a
birdie is a weak universe eerie yes okay
series gonna speak to you ready yeah
ready okay serious see me knows
everything listen sorry coach every
night
listen together you're not Jewish
you are my baby for life oh yeah have
everybody good Hey nice I guess my baby
from my love is but I had yeah Matt
maybe my face love you thank you what do
you think what are you doing well that
is your vibe throw he's vacuum in a
chiller Muhsin we're not gonna do it but
what are you doing huh Betty do a cutie
pie huh what an emotional message
another look at my marker well I can't
have your eyes be known otherwise I
think I'm gonna baby do I go deep okay
oh my god
okay little garbage no honey like him he
wants to eat ha ha ha mo see cheese it's
my addiction I don't want to thank you
alright
you have to go with me what is it that
my wizard Rhett I only get Micah
huh are you Amy I'm gonna get Micah but
and okay and I see Anna uh oh look he's
giving a lot you because I'm the love I
feel how do you know what are you doing
I missed you honey
huh how you been
say hi say hi oh my name is Dina what
are you doing oh you read the Quran what
is this this is this is called ad yeah
that's not good and that's um
yet is put on actually it's Quran in
English it's got an English you like you
know how to read it
what well what does it say say bismillah
say bismillah
Roth aye pah-pah-pah just about right
uh-huh
love my dad is come on me don't worry
you can use it when that is come with
your hey big boss is here
you can't kick me out you can't kick him
oh you make me carry him oh but it doing
he's like an open until it yes good see
this over here when I was about five
years ago I got really mad at him go huh
that's a hammer and I was a buff big
boss is here kid hey he can't kick big
boss you again
you can't kick big boss here but he's
not gonna let us everyone said that they
love you so much and Chumlee feel better
okay yeah me too I love it okay don't be
with you but we're gonna do with you and
me muscle and deal I gonna be with you
okay I'm gonna be doing the video
giveaway on the main channel probably in
a couple days I need to go get the stuff
so I can make the video so if I can get
to stuff quick and do this giveaway it's
gonna be three prizes I will not say
what the prizes will be but top prize
the first one it's like one at the third
one for you guys and I just want to give
back for you guys and give you guys
something you know I want to give you
guys something but you know what I'm
saying and right now for celebration I
am about to book skydiving about two
books guide them and I need to go with
someone so I'm booking slim slim doesn't
even know yeah but I'm gonna book it for
slim right now for you too so he had a
tell me some was going for me he doesn't
want to go slim was scared he's scared
out of his mind but I think they'll be
the craziest the most fun is the
funniest footage let me jumping over
like the sky Danny so I'm at the bucket
right now some of you watching I'm sorry
this is about to be booked for I don't
know which date you guys tell me what
date you guys want me to do it like this
I don't think I'm worried about if it's
windy and cold and we fall and just go
to the water and dive like I'm really
afraid if that happens but skydiving NYC
uh-oh we were ready to go skydiving
it is gonna be crazy this is gonna be us
so it's time to wrap up this flag hope
you all enjoyed this flag if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey to everyone watching this who's
been here before the million subscribers
give this flag a thumbs up only see how
much of you or people from before
million subscribers we give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey
thank you guys so so much to everyone I
hung out today it was so amazing just
chilling having low chill out for you
guys and I'm just like I don't know I
feel more motivated I feel more like
more like dedicated right now like I
gotta put in more work there's a lot of
you guys like new people on the flash
I'm like I need to give you guys some
really good content like I can't I can't
be slacking on the black so every day
I'm gonna try to give you guys something
amazing something cool something funny I
couldn't get to vlog much today so maybe
let me slide a sign cuz I kind of like
my family I kind of highbrow is that so
I'm just gonna be chilling and I'll see
you guys tomorrow with another daily
vlog thank you guys so so much adieu me
gang take care and peace I like
always in favor times you're at those
teeth let me wipe them away okay
this would choose to say
