I got there and my dad was bugging out
like my dad was going so crazy he was so
worried about surgery and he was already
so so mad hey guys what's up and doomy
gang I hope you are having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing day you should
be having an amazingly I know I'm
looking like a complete mess right now
but I just got back my dad just got back
from having surgery and I'm gonna be
explaining everything how everything
went at the end of this vlog but having
to let he just got back and hemmed like
he is fine a lot of crazy stuff happened
which I will be explaining at the end of
this flag I want the whole flag to be
happy I'll rather see it at the end and
stuff like that but yeah he was he was
there from yesterday until this morning
and I stuck with him that's why probably
look like I haven't slept anything
nothing like that but this continues
like I let's see how it goes okay what
was wrong was she sleeping
what's up Reema good hey still in school
did you come back
what did you come back you came back a
while ago yeah what'd you learn to
school you learned about Mickey Mouse
spend Bob and food wow that sounds like
a fun school that's good Romano boo boo
yeah still have it here are you I I go
play doctor
yeah I'm gonna go to the doctors right
now what are the doctors gonna tell me
I'm gonna get what ok get everything if
it means like a shot now I'm gonna get a
band-aid and they're gonna give me candy
yeah why ah what if I want a lollipop I
want candy after my shot and band-aid
I'm gonna I want a lollipop
you gonna give me one huh we mother G
got a whole bag of candy we gave you
this candy
thank you remark oh be good my boob was
gonna be good yeah you sure okay I love
you Emma I'm here what my bet you were
really gotta be kidding so that don't
look okay look he's setting behind that
I said I leaded and I'm telling I'm that
I started cuz he had surgery king of
Kennesaw dreams yeah was good was good
yeah hey he's telling him that he went
to a seed and he was hungry yeah he said
he tell he's what I see in the latest I
was a seed as it was so nice but did it
go good
you sure pretty good yeah he was really
worried before but now like he doesn't
like talking about another but he want
what you know what have the luck you
know sure yes sir mummy like okay thank
you very much
any talk be safe right okay so I went
ahead out to go go-carting before I head
out I need to fix my face I've been
using this thing called Selena's skin
solutions
for the past couple weeks and it works
so so good so I'm going to try to put
some right now save this like hope so it
should help out one of my friends gave
me these in the UK so if you guys want
they decided that they want to do a
giveaway for you guys they do me game I
don't want to give out somebody's its
Helen it's vegan so it's good for your
face is healthy so if you guys want to
follow the giveaway go to the
description down below and you guys will
see just follow them on Instagram and
you follow the steps and you can have a
chance to win so it has a lot of stuff
in stores like a whole skincare what I
like the most
I like the where's the mess I like the
masks like a green mask this one right
here the rejuvenating mask I've been
using this the past so hopefully it can
remove black eyes but the camera back is
still really really good for your face
music go like this and you go mmm mmm
kill him mmm-hmm you got to make sure
let me get all around I never know they
have he'll add like skin kiss which is
until a couple of weeks ago and better
even better her on and when you keep it
on for about 10-15 minutes you go scary
family if you apply all the way face you
keep it on your face for about 10-15
minutes then you wash it off and then
you feel fresh and clean so if you guys
would be part of this little giveaway go
to the description down below and follow
it with the giveaway all right now 15
minutes is over you gotta wash your face
and let's see how it is go
and then your face wash dry it up a
little bit and then that's it you
feeling fresh Wow
miss Lamor at this Turkish food
restaurant which are the Turkish food
spicy lemon really good it's hard to
find ones here in York City so we
decided to test it out and see if it's
the same as well as London look that's
mamas means I'm gonna try that with
yellow
see how laughs sorry Lester Keaney
success Turkish food I say we just ate
the homeless and it tastes you banging
it is really good so far its own
I think the same as a London I need to
try to meet good good okay well thank
taught America had bigger portions in
right the British girl thank you so much
mystic the most littlest portion
available with minimal harm looks
amazing but so small ready
it is really good I still think the one
in London she's a little better
hi so we just got done eating Turkish
food and this is what we're gonna start
doing from now on every single day since
wait Turkish food today tomorrow we're
gonna try Afghan food and then the next
day we're going to try some other some
other type of cultural you guys should
comment below and get like more like you
guys what did I tell us you guys tell us
what they after what kind of culture
Russia so tomorrow's gonna be a began
food day the day after that should be
what I don't know yeah maybe like super
Sudanese food then you're like come on
or like I don't know yummy food Yemen
exhibited a Hispanic food Mexican food
Dominican food just I don't know you
guys let us know I'm gonna do it we're
gonna be going go-karting having one I
never went my life go party you won't
wear this like it but I don't want like
to a place with just go party legit one
yeah you Julia and right now we're in
New Jersey
we're like in the hood of New Jersey we
did not know we'll be in the hood in New
Jersey so we gotta be careful
some crazy this is a rough rough
neighborhood around here I don't know
what area is wearing I don't know where
he is
all right so I can't promising so I
can't
I can't drive faster than 35
miles-per-hour
go as fast as you can which really sucks
but we're gonna see a logos me something
we'll be racing and we're doing 40 laps
getting pretty cool what I'm ready to do
this it's coming up for the bathroom
so why why do you want to scare you both
are we getting ready to go
we go
extra small
one
Oh where did it go
we just got done don't
and our driver stats are here
past live in the speed a little bit
where we going again I'll snap table
you might go faster I'm the orange one
slim is the
at one point sixty miles flower somewhat
i won
got a stuff your speedgame up ready
sorry what
I speak about Angelico facile can hit
NASCAR wait what's up adieu me Hank so I
just got home and I'm gonna explain to
you guys how everything went with my dad
hamdulillah he's all fine
right now so I landed yesterday from
London to New York City I got I landed
around maybe 8:00 9:00 p.m. my dad's my
dad's surgery was at 6 p.m. so I learned
it kind of late I got straight and went
straight almost straight to the hospital
right away so when I was cheated Ospital
I was I was kind of curious as like why
isn't my dad doing the surgery so far he
was having a heart surgery and the
reason why I was having a heart
surgeries to have like a checkup because
he's having another surgery and to have
that surgery to have that surgery he
needs to make sure that his heart is
good to have that surgery so he didn't
take the surgery was supposed to be at 6
p.m. so I got there I was around maybe
like it was almost 10 I landed on 8 and
I got there on almost 10 and I was on
through I got there and my dad was
bugging out like my dad was going so
crazy he was so worried about surgery
and he was already so so mad because he
hasn't started his surgery his surgery
was four hours late and then when he
told me the story about why I was late I
got really really angry at all the
doctors and stuff like that so his
surgeries would be at 6 p.m. he wasn't
allowed to eat 8 hours before the
surgery so that means he hasn't ate
since 10:00 a.m. in the morning so he
has aces 10:00 a.m. in the morning and
it's already 6:00 p.m. and they said no
you have to wait till 10 p.m. because
something went on with the doctors room
that they needed change the room the
doctor came late so they need to have a
10 10 p.m. my dad is 65 years old so my
dad was saying then can I please go eat
or change the surgery or do something to
another dick because I haven't ate four
hours I'm so hungry I can't have
diabetes I need to eat something
so they're like no we're gonna do we
have to do surgery today you have to do
it you cannot just hold your whole year
like just don't eat they were saying so
my dad was legit going crazy he was
telling him like he was telling do you
like do you want me to die what's wrong
I need to go eat I can't have a nothing
I feel like I don't feel well so well
but they forced him they were literally
telling him no you cannot eat you have
to wait till 10:00 p.m. and then my
whole family was there they were telling
him just wait don't buy the doctors all
right just wait for it and I was
really angry on speaking with the
dachshund makan how you gonna do it how
you gonna tell my dad to wait another
four hours when he has even eight four
eight hours but I'd handed like he still
got it through at 10 p.m. he started the
surgery it was about an hour too long
process
he finished the surgery he went to the
recovery room and at the recovery room
he was laying down and he was supposed
to lay down for about four or five hours
you could even move he had to lay down
straight like this he had to keep his
legs straight he could have moved so
while he was laying down he was in the
recovery room
and my whole family uh went to go see
like talk to him how did everything go
everything was fine and him to LA I
would a loved one with that he would
you'd crack jokes you know you'd be
funny and laugh to the doctors he was
like I'm because he started I have a so
he thought that I haven't ate please I
want a seat I want a CD literally say
that which like it made me crack smile
but seeing my dad in that position was
so so scary and this was the most
scariest part of my life that I've ever
seen a mother because I have never no
one in my life has ever who's closing
has ever like passed away that that's
one thing I'm so afraid like that's one
thing I'm scared of someone like one of
my loved ones when my family was passing
away like my grandma passed away but she
passed when I was younger so was it
really like close close to me she was
close to him but like I was younger I
didn't really know much stuff like that
so one one thing I'm really afraid of is
basically just losing my family losing
my loved one somebody so my dad was
laying down there and he had all this
like Oh like just little doctor like
kind of stuff on everything was going
and yet all those little things that
rings at thank Dan Dan like for his
heart being heard and I sees heart beat
on me was 74 it was good he was laying
down he kept saying I'm hungry I'm
hungry again and the doctors like you
still can't eat for another two hours
because you can't have their surgery my
dad was like please look I'm starving I
haven't ate for so long like something
like I need something or anything
they're like like you cannot eat you
have to wait a bit something like that I
kept yelling at the dogs on please give
my dad some food give him something and
they would say no he has to wear all
something is gonna go wrong so all my
whole family was they were telling me to
stop do not eat just wait after like 20
30 minutes while my dad was in the
recovery room laying down we were
talking with him everything I was
talking all the side
and he just stopped talking and he just
started like closing his eyes and slowly
going down like this and I seen in his
face like his skin color sort of like
change like started turning really pale
his sweat came out like so much sweat
was coming out of his head and I was
looking at my dad's heart rate it went
from 74 and I went down to about 68 then
I went down again to like 62 then I went
down again to like 50 something then I
went down against like 40 and then
something started beeping really really
loud one doctor came to check up on my
dad and my dad was just laying down he's
trying to speak but he couldn't he was
like what's wrong what's wrong what's
wrong with me
I knew sweating sore and I started
touching my dad I was grabbing his neck
I was like a bat wake up wake up and
he's like what's wrong what's wrong my
little brother came is like say that I'm
loved say that my dad would scream me
like nah like I love that I mean he's
like slowly sleeping I was I was so so
scared I thought like like I thought
like I thought um I don't know I just
thought I thought was like my dad's I
thought it was my dad's last breaths of
his life it was just so so scared I
didn't know what to do I was holding
onto my dad I told the doctors to come
out scream at doctor screaming at my dad
as a wake up wake up then all of a
sudden all the doctors came and I'm one
of the doctors and they were giving him
like a shot and giving him something in
his body and like he ended up like just
going like that his heart rate went back
up more from 20 packs like 17 like
literally like a couple seconds I my dad
started waking up his sweat started
going away and handling he went back to
like life and he looked and he started
telling us what happened and I said
about wake up wake up and started
speaking back to me I was I was in
complete shock like I did not I didn't
know what to do it was so so scary
seriously was like it was like a wake-up
call like that's that's life like it was
life right in front of you like it woke
me up and it was it was just so so
scared but hamdullah everything is fine
he's back home and he's smiling and
laughing and it was just it was just
something that I cannot even explain
seriously they said that was one of the
side effects of the surgery something
like that thank you guys so so much for
you to as all your prayers or all your
thoughts for my dad it truly means the
world seriously all your words and
prayer
that's what means the most to me is the
only reason I'm sharing the story with
you guys because I do daily vlogs every
single day and I have to share with you
guys what goes on with me every single
day so I really hope you guys don't
think like oh that's too personal
channel share that's why I did even vlog
that didn't bring my camera there
nothing I do not want to vlog there or
do anything there vlogging there I'm
telling you guys a story here it was so
so scary seriously guys I'm here to tell
you guys always keep your loved ones
close always keep your family close and
always show them love every single day
because you will never know what will
happen so I really hope you guys get
inspired at least showing your family
your loved ones more love than you
usually do
than that I'll see you guys tomorrow
with another day of lag make sure you
give a thumbs up thing got so much for
your love and support on the vlogs I'll
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I love you I'm here for you always
in faffing promise you that bullshit let
me wipe em away okay this would choose
to say
