okay um I just want to tell you that I I
don't love you anymore hey guys what's
up or do me yank I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you should be having an amazing it
today I'm about to go out and eat no
type of food we're looking forward to
eating Somali food today if we find it
so hopefully also not great if not we're
eating a type of African food which I'm
so so excited about let's see how this
goes and cut to the point today we are
trying Senegalese foods eyes it yeah
Senegalese food Senegalese food and I'm
so so excited some ready yeah yeah yeah
man yeah but we live in York here
yeah we're gonna try senegalese food we
try not move no culture food everyday
yeah so I'm excited for I see how it
goes yeah similarly don't still like my
food like this you see my photos on the
issues you know this looks beautiful
I'm ready I'm lovelies I love dark meat
know what I'm saying what is it called
yeah I cook patty say Chabot John sit so
chair which is T Abuja ready to try
smell like chicken there
hmm I love it - good girl - right then
it tastes really really good it's kind
of spicy I love it that's just a little
hint spiciness for slim this is extra
spicy
I just got done waffle I'm so full -
give me a big big portion - chatter -
all right you can take the spiciness
spiciness in - yeah so we just got done
eating some senegalese food it tasted
amazing slim can I handle the spice is a
little over spice it had a little hint
of slightly vice which Allah oh you know
what you think well I think I like
Singlish people are probably far oh why
you smelling your work senegalese it's
nice Senegal Senegal what's up Senegal
what's up we just tried for the first
time Senegal food up senator taste it
and make off your toolbar of coffee that
I do about October nice nice
and they'll get much Sun I am I like
Waco Muslera we were gonna go and try
and eat some Somalian food and then I
had the wrong address and then we met
some Senegalese fans so they told us try
Senegal food and it's amazing trying
like other cultural food like it makes
it really sighs yeah I know
makes me feel closer to the culture like
knowing more about the culture like all
in New York New York is so diverse
that's crazy who knows Oh gunshot
tomorrow maybe Somalian food maybe got a
shot out to the homie Akon
he's from Senegal so we just ate his
type of food which is amazing I can't
say what up
Eureka pick up the pace and head ain't
no drop in it I kind of seriously a
legit mere legend is on our guys so you
guys reached 1 million views on the
prank that I did on Rima the girlfriend
prank which is on the vlog channel which
is crazy because you guys wish Emily
views on the black channel just the
video knows I released it like a month
ago so just for that I want to give you
guys a huge huge thank you so much for
your love and support and I gotta give
Rima for helping me out let me prank her
hello thank you with this little mini
mini it's a mini mini prank that I'm a
do to her so hopefully yeah it turns out
great okay so right now Rima thinks I'm
gonna be going outside with her I am NOT
you guys do not know mean Rima I love is
like 100 thousand gazillion infinity
mashallah so I love is crazy and I never
told her that I don't love her but I
decided today I'm gonna tell her as a
prank and we'll see how she reacts
usually every single dad so I love her
whenever I leave so today I'm gonna talk
I don't love her anymore this is so me
but let's see how it goes Rema Rema
Rema come alright I'll be sad right now
I need to talk to you don't close it I
need to talk to you privately I got to
tell you something it's okay don't just
sit down just sit down I gotta tell you
something Aparri MA because I have to
okay um I just want to tell you that I I
don't love you anymore
I don't love you anymore yes cuz I love
Stacy so this is a goodbye okay I'm
never gonna see you again okay
are you sad why Reema look you need to
get out my room you need to get out
Reema I'm sorry ma no more videos with
menu we're gonna record with mass
instead and Dena and Jamal hey Leila
Hamza but no more you because I don't
love you and you never loved my
girlfriend Stacy we map just that's it
no no more no more nothing
that's it love who you don't love Stacy
no Reema I'm gonna leave okay if you're
not I'm gonna leave I'm gonna leave I'm
end up leaving goodbye what what I mean
don't leave huh
Thank You Robin you know I'm joking
what do you mean what do you mean I'm
joking don't look at the camera there's
no camera yes there's no camera I'm
serious remember serious look that's
that's a design for like a as a picture
someone sent me a design because I'm
serious it's not a prank or nothing
Reema luck I'm serious which I'm not
joking - I'm serious
no I'm not no I'm not
how do you know you did not just cuz of
you did you just catch me oh my god
having me and then easily Oh oh my god I
can't I can't do this desire to get up
you get up again yang look I love you
more than I love macaroni and cheese I
know you mind and kind of pink I love
you more than the color blue I'll only
one did this guy I love you more than
the moon I love you more of the fittest
I love you more than SpongeBob
SquarePants I'll only love I'm Catholic
I love you more than Squidward I love
you MA um but but it does is bad in the
Krusty Krab I love you more than I love
the Krabby Patties I love you more
this bath tonight oh I love you more
than then then mr. Krabs I love you more
of the closet doesn't want in the closet
I love you more than everything in my
world you're like one of the pillows I
love you more than the other side of the
colder pillow whenever I go to sea I
send out the plan oh I love you Reema
I love you I'm sorry I was just joking
with you I knew it you knew it but I was
just joking it okay I deserve that
okay I'm sorry dude cut my apology
because I love you good oh my god I get
out without this guy cut no you did it I
still got you good
I got you good all right guys I'm gonna
be wrapping up wrapping up the LA here
come with me come wrap up the like we
haven't wrapped up a vlogging so long
together okay yeah all right so say hi
guys it's time to wrap up this vlog give
it a thumbs up and pee and go Turkey
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care
okay and PC I like you I love you MA I
love him I love you ma I love you I love
you mom I love you more I love you more
I love you more miss gasai come on let's
go
I like it yeah
have you always in favor promise you
that bullshit let me write them away and
okay this what chooses say
