did you move here
me right here right here
hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you should be having an
amazing it is a beautiful day here in
London a really amazing sunny day you
guys do not see the counters and traffic
as usual here in London we are at
Heathrow about to go pick up slim and
we're running a bit late because of this
traffic so hopefully it turns out great
what is good luck that look who just
landed for the first time for so long it
was good put up your eyes without man
well you guys were late shit I know but
what I did with London hours man London
traffic 2 hours and a loaded truck for
nose juice Adams two hours not excuses
that's what really came for you landed
help you shout out to Leila thank you so
much for this Arsenal shirt
smells really really good so yo yo
survived London you see London together
so now Naz want some talking about twice
as hard fix it that doesn't take it out
on Sunday right oh really man so slim
wants to be a tourist take a picture new
this right here yeah that little booth
right there I remember I should do that
so much take a picture like tourists and
London but I come to London so much I
feel like if I do it I don't want to be
seen like a tourist I feel like London
is my second home it is my second home
so yeah I'm gonna take a selfie with it
like this
what you never seen a phone this is
broke yeah my was getting my love I
swear my buddies in New York City I'll
talk to everyone like this ever y'all
was gonna be yet I do rope chili and a
red pussy no Sam yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah say hello though he said to say I'm
sorry how's it going
they're getting ready over here so it
should be nice and myself through Stewie
sirs or this is gonna be good for the
second one and I'll be doing the first
Tosca I was just gonna go for the
questions but also with timing is what
happy and live camera smile your face
what was the last film you saw
that's Triana come straight company so
that marina oh I don't know sir
all right winter or summer summer why
because I was going to some main course
look at that desert bunch more school
yeah you shout out to winter months ago
I'm so sorry I couldn't make it I
promise I'll be there make sure you guys
like pay attention in class and do
yourself because if you don't I will not
be there so if you do I hope you did
yeah definitely a cello oh this crazy
mother
Oh
folks please
we have on the Left I'm sorry
from we've got the video letter filled
up and I think real loud silly for us
calm down
you know this is for a course of Forza
tomorrow 12 hours pass out you were in
English I mean I'm actually happy
because I actually see
it was his horse
right
by
make sure
like this Bentley is sick it's how they
roll in London
hey guys one on Monday you guys are
crazy where because I come to America
with that definitely yeah what's up
we're these the people that got Isabella
here I tell you this how they vote in
London and I've got a row like that
American comes to America by promising
every coudn't would jump in this park he
boxes too so I just mean right now
they're gonna find me it's definitely
still gotta seem real
I heard you save it like it sillies
organizer also if you chat at the city
make it happen there thank you so much
Fox for peace remember that thank you
listen it's a positive message Chicopee
not clapping respect that I don't allow
the work anytime
krazee-eyez mess and it's for charity
let's get outside he goes to do boxes
the boxes I gotta get away baby maybe
five your night
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
blog hope you all enjoyed this five did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and
doctor keto my writer that I do miss who
made it to any luck
make sure you give it a big big big
thumbs up let me know if you didn't make
it to the end of this flag I'm here for
you always in fact I'm sure that those
tears let me wipe em away okay this
would choose to say
