I atom solid me
hey guys what's up and do me getting I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you should be
having an amazing day so I just got back
from the pure box office I got a lot of
stuff having me checked it for like a
month or two but I'm going to be opening
up a couple stuff is to give you guys a
little pre she asian and low thank you
for sending me all the stuff to the fuel
box thank you guys so so much truly
means the world when you got send me
letters or anything that's like just
like written and stuff like that do not
want you guys to spend like any like
money or something like that someone
sent me which is crazy someone sent me
these beats headphones who I do not know
the name of they send it with no name or
nothing but then all of a sudden they
called my mother I don't know how they
knew the house number they called my
mother know like hey can you tell Adam
to vlog that it was me I didn't put my
name I'm from beheading and stuff like
that so huge shout out to but please do
not do this again I promise I will
return it back to Adam I do not want you
guys to waste your money anything I'd
rather have you guys you know write
letters or some cute art or anything
like that so do not waste your money
like that okay okay or else it's gonna
be gonna be problems issues I'm gonna
fight you you know what I'm saying so
imma open up some stuff this is let me
guess what it is probably feels like a
frame maybe it's a picture or a drawing
that's one of my guesses so okay alright
it is from it is from doesn't say always
fun yet let's open it and see cool okay
it's a drawing
oh wow that is sick better sick like
weather set slightly I'm in LA have my
dad was fooled a lot that is so dope
there's no god but Allah Muhammad is the
Messenger of Allah this is sick this is
beautiful this is from pit OB octa Adams
heart you too probably I think I met you
in London I'm all right I'm all right
that is beautiful like these little like
crystals stuff like that I'm gonna frame
this in my room or in my living room
hopefully my dad doesn't steal he loves
these my dad loves these more than
really literally Tommy steals it from me
and I got a letter from you says keep
smiling please let me know if you got
this right here I keep smile thank you
so much for Doby this truly made me
smile and it's gonna make my room or my
house look pretty heavy um well it's not
that happy but it's not that light
either it is from doesn't say it was
from but it says Kinder Bueno I'm gonna
tell you about the big big confession a
huge huge confession guys probably had
the end of this little peel box opening
right is a really really big confession
so it's about two three years that I
haven't who's here
what are you doing here huh what is this
kid doing what are you these kids I
don't know I didn't like my door but
they're in here say hi say hello say
what's up
say hello look look here's their cheese
let's make this a thumbs up cheese GE
I'll get em you open this peel box and
I'm gonna tell you guys a big confession
it's pretty scary guys cuz cuz I've
loved it
I don't know long time huh guys ready
whoa whoa this is going to be a really
really bad confession because wow wow
this person sent me a whole pack of
Kinder Bueno
this is windows that will fit me for
life
oh good I can't big oh this is way Nosa
oh my god Wow who's it from this is from
doesn't say the Nina's from does it give
me not even fun um but Webber sent that
way knows thank you so so so much it
truly means the world but here it is
I'm gonna tell you guys my confession
and Webber send me these windows
probably to get really really mad but
okay the confession is awesome
hold up you let me see my confessional
cover come here it's cold guys
motherfucker
hi Adam Saleh I do not like Kinder Bueno
z' anymore oh my god I said it I said oh
I Adam Saleh do not like Kinder Bueno
anymore oh my god I said it Oh what I
gotta I'm so sorry
I'm sorry Beunos I love I love it's no
longer true
I'm so sorry and the reason why is I've
been eating bueno so so so so much that
I can't like my stomach can't handle
anymore like I need to have more love
for different chocolates now we uh don't
get me wrong like Kinder Bueno will
always have a place in my heart and I
always still eat it in there but that's
it I can't take Kinder Bueno Zen I'm
sorry I felt like I had to say it to you
guys cuz when you guys are giving me
Kinder Bueno yes when you guys would
give me kinder widows like during the
event and lumps in the stuff like that I
was eating it but like I didn't feel the
connection anymore like for me chocolate
I need I need a new type of chocolate
that I'm soaked I'm a confused moment
with my chocolate right now I'm in the
confuse relationship with my chocolate I
am testing out other chocolates to see
what will be better chocolate for me now
but Kinder Bueno I'm so sorry but the
love the love is gone I'm I'm looking
for a new chocolate of love I hope
you're not mad at me can the one rot
still love you you've been there for me
even made me happy and everything and
thank you to everybody who been sending
me Kinder Bueno is the past two three
years it's been an amazing amazing time
as of now I will be looking forward to
new types of chocolate
to finding out what's my new chocolate
love I don't know what yet but you guys
give me some suggestions of what to get
for what would be a nice chocolate for
me to love and hopefully that will have
and hopefully we'll have another
chocolate journey with the do me gang I
love you guys so much and knows pretty
much my confession I'm gonna end this
peel box video for you guys if you guys
want to send anything to my few box it
is right here right here so you mustn't
see right here Muhsin stay right here
stay right here right here I'll see you
guys soon thank you guys so so much and
feels great to let it off my chest take
care and peace I like I'm here for you
always in traffic I wish you that
bullshit
let me write them away this would choose
to say
