I decided to give you guys what hey guys
what's up a new beginning I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so I'm having an amazing
day you should be having an amazing what
today actually it is a depressing rainy
day usually rainy days making me sad and
depressing I'm gonna make it a happy
happy day today I'm heading to London
tomorrow and before I had to London I
want to go give something to hamsa and
had a nice cute cool surprise but I
promise them if they pass their classes
this semester
I'll give them a nice little surprise so
I'm gonna go to the store here in Times
Square where they have those hoverboards
they're in love with those things so I'm
going to get them one and I'm gonna do a
little trick on them before I give it to
them we get the little part
Oh Raja you sir
tamo get them I'm gonna trick them a
little bit first I'm gonna put like
think about putting something weird in
the box and like pretending it is there
but it's not I'm gonna see the reaction
but then after that I'm gonna just give
it some fruit but see how it goes today
should be a nice happy day
even if it's green and keep smiling stay
positive this is the place you guys shut
down another day right here
shut it down it was so crazy let me tell
you guys a crazy story that someone told
me when during the meeting Greek this
girl came up to me during the meeting
read and she said her boyfriend broke up
with her because he found out that she
wants my meeting Greek so he ended up
breaking up with her and because she had
me as her phone background which is
crazy how you gonna are you gonna do
that
but I told her I gave her a hug and I
think they are my boots on me aboard
who cares if your boyfriend did that
then he was a real boyfriend cuz you go
to a meeting you're not going to like a
what a wedding or something like I don't
know it's really weird but hopefully you
keep smiling and you see a positive
force a strong who cares about that
what's our destiny Raquel hello so she
met my sister in DeLand a man literally
the other day yesterday she met me which
is yeah which is pretty crazy but I
don't even know what I'm gonna bump into
you cuz I'm from here now we bump into
each other see finally what's your
president um Amy Amy I do whenever I
meet you guys it's so funny either I get
so scared because you guys come out of
nowhere like you Adam really oh my god
thinking like someone's gonna run up on
me to do something but some of you guys
are just quiet like cuz I didn't
obviously you guys are quiet or you're
either really loud and I got scared I'm
like oh my god about the swing that you
don't do that if you see me too late
hello it's Damien I'm going
this whole story is swaggy born
somewhere
if you got the school emoji pillows
there
the wife will deflect down to the gold
100 all right so I'm testing the gold
one right
all right yeah I like what if I just run
out with it let you go
peace out of it huh I like a guy so I
just got two hams in head is house
praying out there and after school
they're coming in about 10 to 20 minutes
and when they come I'm not gonna show
them this this is the brand-new board I
got them up so they've been doing good
in school they were doing good on a
suppose oh my that's I promise this will
be good I'll give them something it's
hot they got this gold ring right here a
gold upper border so I'm gonna hide this
I'm gonna put something else in this bag
and I'm gonna give it to them let's see
how this goes all right
I found some creepy-looking dhalsim so
I'm gonna put the dog in here I'm sorry
dolls but you gonna be stuck in it can
you put one doll
now this is it looks like a hoverboard
but it isn't let's see how this goes
i'ma wait till they come and on my phone
all right guys I just got back from
after school they're changing right now
I'm gonna fix the camera until they come
out
I'm Zanna come about to leave I gotta
say so
alright me back that talk to you about
something very very important
I don't know if you guys this mean that
yes or not but did you guys do something
but it was a book silent the rocket
throughout the universal no you didn't
oh oh
joke answers yes junkie I'll pretend I
did not pretend I didn't hear okay don't
don't do that again okay alright so I'm
going to you guys so I know you guys
have been going to school every single
day from like 7 a.m. until 6 p.m.
because you have to ask in other you
guys are both doing good at passing your
classes
I'm alright cousin cousin oh yes she's
feeling first you don't rock any
neighbors anything bad she's not at all
Joe studies doing the class that like
yeah I was gonna work of your
so yes are you are you sure yes sure are
you since you guys have been doing
really good in school at the side I've
never given you guys like a present or
nothing like that because you guys like
one of my oldest nieces and nephews it's
awesome like I guess we got one of the
oldest okay so like I'm always like with
three much of that Deena and I want to
show you guys some love too because you
guys wrote that letter from yesterday
I'm your uncle
something like that which meant a lot to
me so today I decided I decided to give
you guys a president what I'm gonna take
it out would be quiet so so much or I
love the spicy young guys the family you
guys still have my back like I'm close
to that family so sorry if you have ever
felt like elected to my nieces nephews
but just know that you guys will always
be one of my favorite nieces or nephews
because enjoy this present
so
okay stop that's what saying I can't
afford hope I don't know why guys think
it's a hoverboard it's not let me hear
it was a doll that I gave you guys
that's my doll probably looks the same
why - broke some of you I just hope that
I give you guys know you shared I'm not
gonna share it look I think it's
probably Madison's like that but don't
be mad I just I give you guys like a
doll something you guys don't enjoy it
look I'm not doing the halls are creepy
to me sometimes
alright I hope you guys have fun enjoy I
need to leave hopefully that's how I
give you guys the presents
I need to go away now sis hopefully
that's on you guys play hello yeah
I actually got some
nobody's killing right we just don't do
it because I guys all just got messin
with there
I really hope you guys enjoy this little
home for that you guys been dying to get
and take care stick do go to class I'm
posting on here oh you guys let me give
you guys everything the battery for it
long before I go it is I think it's in
the bags in the pocket of this back
enjoy sharing is caring okay you're fine
there you keep spoons go to school
promise
oh hi guys I'm gonna wrap up this little
prank last giveaway from my family right
now you guys did enjoy it make sure you
give it a thumbs up for the Adams County
and give it thumbs up you guys want me
to do a giveaway like a gold Tom Ford
giveaway for you guys don't go I see you
guys tomorrow
take care do me gang and opti I love you
have you always a feather I'm sure that
those teeth they mean right away
this would choose astray
