hello Watson what are you doing what are
you eating
what's that in your hand what is it
bacala 10sec chocolate pencils or
chocolate pretzels
Frandsen pretzels
Remis a Biswas this back
say my name is Miss Sally Sally how do
you spell your name ah yes what's going
on Mawson little muslin and big Mawson
little muffin but do you do is I'm being
so cute
Muzzin if you keep being cute you
cami√≥n vlogs anymore if you keep being
cured then what what what what's up pop
I don't know good missed you mr. haire
drink water coz after chocolate gotta
drink milk or water you know what I
don't want the cup
Coughlin's our chocolate coffee
chocolate fuck yes
chocolate Adam yes I award the shop
where you can throw that no see it's
thickened to the work he did thicken see
it's to the kitchen
uh-oh this little punk I got some oh he
is look at some boy yes and he walks Sao
Paulo I see Ron Watson ready set go
ah do you know how to do with Vinay do
it let's go to see do it ready I'm a
signature okay now watch me whip now
watch me nae nae now watch me whip whip
whip now watch me nae nae
hey do the stanky leg do the stanky leg
do the stanky leg
now break your leg for break your leg
hey surely break your leg hey break your
leg hurry regular 8 break your leg now
watch it bah bah bah
but my bat bat bat man you can hop up
this muscle what about you can you do it
Muhsin he could you could just only look
cute that's it yeah that's it you can
only look cute that's it do something
I'm gonna see you guys soon I can't go
out okay I love you thank you I am here
at City College with the homes let me
called me up over here so I could take a
picture for everything you'll Adam I
need to picture at this cool
Hogwarts looking place here in City
College legs dope it looks I'm
nightlight looks really really sick like
I took about 20 30 pictures and he only
chose one he said one is good is it good
I lose nothing what I want to take it
like I like every sounds crazy thing
tell you like like this like some like
this like show like the topics cool and
shit I got here I'm so better creatures
bro
I said I got nor Adam takes the best
best pictures whatever kind of pose you
do is gonna come out great it's gonna
come out amazing it's gonna come out
lawyer I pre that's the key to success
you ready so I was craving Chinese food
so he came here to get some amazing
Chinese for the look how amazing it
looks when
telling this this is solved amazing this
is shrimp with steak with cashews in it
and egg noodles and fruits I mean I mean
not fruits vegetables
some garlic and black pepper sauce what
do you have I don't know he had he had
some I had no vegetables any destroying
your vegetables you know that's all
right only bachelor as bad it looks so
playing shrimp yeah
jelly vegetables Rose that's good that's
good for lunch is better
alright guys so we are in Union Square
right now and I was looking through my
bag
nobody knows what's in my bag so I might
do a video I'm like what's in my bag
challenge but when I found in my bag is
a diaper I find a diaper in my bag so I
came up with a cool idea I'm gonna put
some Nutella in Watson's diaper then I
walk around and pretending I'm eating
like poop or something like that and I
got to do it dear
for slippers blog channel because I lost
the cooking challenge and you remember
it old me do it over there so if you
guys want to see the deer I'm gonna do
honestly no Jean I can see it on Slim's
black channel but you have such an
amount getting Nutella right now where
is your teller Teleca every day a lot of
the comments and I do know that legal
name in to drink pee
well someone do does it they're getting
Nutella so I didn't get some Nutella I
got some Reese's I don't know some
recess pinky that has like chocolate in
or where you can make it look like poop
and I'm gonna put it on your leader that
yeah I'm really good I like I like
oh my god this is I have so many
celebrity crushes but this is my one of
my other celebrity crush Priyanka Chopra
edweird Rosa oh he isn't oh my god
that's beautiful
and well I'll tell you who's my
celebrity question yeah I think she's
probably older one year yes and who's
your celebrity crush oh yeah this is on
the syllabus right there oh my oh my
yeah this is my number one seller did I
do with you this is my number one step
home Jennifer Lawrence he's my number
one celebrity I will go crazy fibers
here I will legit okay Jennifer Lawrence
is my number one so they were guessing
massive people say that she isn't pretty
or anything like that but I love her
personality too like she's so funny and
amazing like it's not just about looks
her personality is amazing so let's
continue on with this poop and we're
doing so I'm gonna go hold it like a
finger bro because I'm gonna take the
poop like this I'm it's a poop let Emma
go oh I can't really say shit
Oh
this hog that was like a you look good
yeah because Duke is ma I love you
chocolate this chocolate is not food
just go what the hell is up I found this
on the floor huh
this is garbage where I'll try oh man
it's on the river which is kind of good
huh you see what the help from Nancy
shit from S&S yeah I say grows
excuse me you're smelling ocean state
stay Oh
melon man
just try it out man
just try it is good for your heart
you're not gonna get the new the new
Justin Bieber album she get it it's nice
adjusting into thee the new just Emir
album is amazing
she got it purple Adele yeah that was
nice here but Justin Bieber is where
it's at right now no huh yeah good
especially when eating like poops and
you listen to Justin Bieber lava
it makes the poop amazing to try let's
go feed kidneys
vegan I'm done messing around with these
pork with this Cooper ago and I just
finished doing a mom I just finished
doing sniffing people extreme sniffing
on Slim's black channels if you guys
won't check it out go to Slim's black
channel you guys will see it there it's
like I feel like I just did a lot of
like unnecessary crazy stuff today and
you're just there just chilling laughing
no what
I think so
you
slap is in New York City
okay
like I can't even talk so I hate filming
in New York is so loud something has to
cut you up
but if you guys want to see you guys
want to see me extreme sniffing you see
it on sloped channels lemon you're gonna
have to do it there next no I'm not
blogging tofu balls I know I wanna show
you nothing I don't care I'm just giving
you there just feel like okay got to do
something soon so you guys let me know
any dares in the comments below for slim
to do next so this
I'd say anything man I don't anything
anything I'm a dead dolphin bro you know
me son
okay he said I did good would you choose
diamonds or clubs
I'll do them okay the diamond car just
give me your hand real quick turn around
off this way all right
and just put your hand down like that
slowly squeeze it down oh okay let go
okay and if you see with the heat of
your hand
look it's sticking to your hand is
actually melted through what jumps over
hood the hug don't don't let it fall can
keep your hand straight good so this
comes with it look like this you can
move his hands he got a camera right
what the hell snap what's up so I just
got to the gym and I got all four myself
ready to work out this is the key to
success to work out every single day no
matter what it is even if it's a 10
minute 20 minute workout workouts hard
as you can every single day stay fit
stay healthy and you'll be good now I'm
gonna change it's my workout clothes
this is my workout already
with your workout Mizzou this got the
whole just Aviva purpose album on blast
get the whole album play let's give my
whole workout ready
Oh
like what Rima Hamza and highly
surprised me with a bat that's what they
all gave me New York Adam you are the
best uncle we could ever have and you
could never stop
we love you Adam oh that's so sweet I
love you I don't give me like I love you
bald yet next time we get more stuff
I bring us immediate you guys get it and
you guys hang it up even more all over
you do another New York City show really
sweet by 2016 you got a way to box
because the venue's we have to wait some
what now let's kiss me the pizza someone
kiss the picture what's is that bad or
good why should do another funny thing
will Rima some boy try to go up to Rima
and say say you love me what did you say
she's like no then a girl said a girl
came and said say you love me I love you
she hugged her but then when a guy came
she did she rejected him in front of
everybody was so funny Rima next time
you say you love him don't be mean okay
okay don't be mean
give me five I thought one alright guys
so it's time to wrap up this vlog hope
you all enjoyed this fight we did and
you made it to the end vlog make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey to
all my do me game I do me out there who
ever made it to the ends right if you're
watching us right now after 10 11 12
minutes of like you give it a thumbs up
and let me know what to see how many of
you guys actually did watch it till the
end and guess what we just reached
600,000 subscribers on the vlog Channel
which is so amazing we're literally just
at 400,000 subscribers like not like a
month or two ago which is ah this is so
amazing seriously guys I cannot believe
it thank you guys so so much for all
your love and support especially the
past couple months you guys been showing
a lot of extra support a lot of extra
love and it truly means the world to me
seriously every single day I want to
make you guys smile make you guys happy
and inspire you guys and make you guys
you know
get up and do what you want do what you
love by being positive and you know
having positive energy around so I
really hope you guys always get inspired
always smile by that always have a
bright amazing day every single day
never let anyone bring you down never
let anyone take the smile off your face
so make sure you guys stay inspired and
stay cool and stay amazing and thank you
to everybody who subscribed to this
channel
seriously 600,000 subscribers on the
black Channel and I'm about to reach a
million subscribers on the main channel
probably before 2016 I want it I want to
reach a million subscribers before 2016
so let's see if this goes we go it's
gonna be crazy
don't be so excited and I'm saying a
milli a milli a milli a milli in here
I'm nah I'm not I might do my little own
freestyle in a milli if I don't know
where I see you guys tomorrow with
another daily vlog thank you guys so
much once again I love you from the
bottom our hearts you guys motivate me
inspire me make me want to do more like
make me want to do like so much better
every single day I like it every day I
want to do a better vlog because because
of you guys for showing all the love and
support so thank you guys so much for
that I'll see you guys tomorrow dummy
yang take care and peace like I'm here
for you
always a feather comes you got those
teeth
let me wipe them away I know okay this
would choose to say
