hey guys what's up a duma gank I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing day you should be having an
amazing I just bought a new camera right
now and this camera is a really really
expensive camera because this is the
prank camera I use this camera right now
that I'm using to like film pranks but I
also use it to vlog because I enjoy like
flagging with this camera even though
it's kind of big and heavy I think it's
a really good of like and today is the
NYC meet-and-greet and I'm so ready for
I'm so excited I'm kind of nervous
because I've never done like anything
like this hopefully it turns out great
New York City I hope you guys are
already my family's getting ready right
now I'm about to go take a shower and
get ready let's see how this goes NYC
thank you all for everyone who's ready
there I'm gonna see you guys in a few I
love you guys the see how this goes you
ready huh guys ready for today
I'm ready nothing you ready what's not
what say what say what say I D
Cid you ready the cheese are you gonna
take nice pictures with them you're
gonna be good about your head yes you
look sleepy
you got this babe you got this yeah I
got it too got cigarettes your muffler
let's go and then Panem James I had a
hundred one NYC meet and greet it is
almost ready we're waiting for some
right now then we're gonna head out to
Tom Square registers I'm so excited I've
never done something like this in New
York City so hopefully it turns out
great I'll see you guys in a few
look who's here what's up you okay
you came late you came late we're gonna
leave are you gonna tie one high and
take pictures of them yes yes
okay don't I'm gonna be giving away
about 10 or 15 hats for you guys for
signing that I'm gonna make everyone in
here sign it let me try to make it when
you sign it then we're just gonna give
it up to bring the people in New York
City so yeah I'm gonna try not to write
sloppy so let's see masa Nina right
listen hold it
Mustard's gonna give the first autograph
on the Hat no sin Salah oh he wrote it
right All Right see you guys it what's
up ready to go
Oh
are up in the air
hi
so everybody like to give a shout out to
my boy
all armed
let go my tattoo shit I already show
them before but yes what good what's
come on uh-oh
- please my chest up and down okay chest
Temari but baby I need everyone stand up
right now
stand up mustn't I
he's smiling throughout the whole
meet-and-greet but then at the end when
he noticed he got mobbed he started
crying you there ready
you have an amazing time to meet agree
yeah yeah an amazing time yeah thank you
all for coming
think I'm coming I love you I love you
yeah a good time to do first
from Austin if you guys do not know one
of my secret talents is jumping over
really high stuff so I jump over really
Liam asked my brother tell him how high
I jump over like really really high side
I don't know I maybe show back and jump
over high so you must enter your first
house every week um oh that's an awesome
room I think I put just ready yeah sure
yeah
oh fuck okay
hi this next school Halon is up to like
my night coming to do this um I'm going
to see I said oh I got Mia telling one
those New York doesn't New York people
were like like in the street I like that
keep your head like this one
do it again
why would you move you move those oh hey
ready now you move he's gonna say like
this he's give these out to my ears he's
up to my ear Captagon with me ready
don't sin
quit moving cleaner hands on and I'm
gonna keep my clothes yeah there's no
protection this is all a brand this is
Arab you know I'm saying we don't go no
protection
Go Go move go guys go down keep it close
oh yes it's another one of my secret
towns now you guys know I have another
secret talent that you guys do not know
so if you guys wanna know give it a
thumbs up 10,000 thumbs up okay you know
I say my secret own monster talent is
after my friend he's too sure I'd do it
again amazing I guess it was time to
wrap up this flag hope you all enjoy
this flag you did make sure you give it
a thumbs up and go Turkey - Oh Madonna
died UMI's whoever made it to them is
like give it a thumbs up make sure you
guys go check out the new video the link
is down below thank you guys so much for
your love and support
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I'll owe you
you
