hey guys what's up and do me getting I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you should be
having an amazing day so today I changed
it up I decided to do a little rant for
you guys because I like doing different
variety kind of stuff so I decided to
tell you guys this little story that
happened yesterday when I was in the
train station so the New York City train
stations if you guys do not know the
craziest things happen in the New York
City
train stations if you guys ever want to
see something so weird or see stupid
stuff happen use the New York City train
station subway it was just completely
weird ignorant sometimes is cool
sometimes it's fun but when I was in the
train yesterday something really really
ignorant happened I decided to share it
with you guys and have a little rant
about it because 2016 is coming and I
want the Year to start you know fresh to
start new to start amazing with love
with positivity so I was in the train
minding my own business on my phone and
I overheard a couple people talking
about the Paris attacks and terrorism
terrorists and stuff like that I
overheard someone saying all that
terrorism has no religion but then
there's someone replying very ignorant
to that person saying that up but if you
had to choose a religion that promotes
terrorism they would choose Islam and
when I heard that I stopped minding my
business and I decided to be a little
nosy because I don't know I feel like
when I hear ignorant people like that I
feel like it's not their fault like they
don't know they don't know they're not I
don't know that they're probably slowed
their parents or someone around them
didn't teach them much so I felt like
you know I got to teach them you know
let me tell them maybe I can help this
ignorant person saying that so this is
what I told him I went up to the cop
when I was like hey I'm sorry for
cutting you off but it's Lomb does not
promote terrorism Islam is peace in
Islam we say
as-salam-o-alaikum to each other as
Salaam alaikum means may peace be upon
you peace may peace be upon you we're
not saying may terrorism be upon you
we're not saying may violence be upon
you were saying may peace be upon you so
if we're saying assalamualaikum to each
other almost every
literally every single day and were
given peace upon everyone why would
anyone think we're promoting terrorism
so when I told that to the kid he
replied to me saying sorry
and that he thought assalamu alaikum met
what's up or hello or like hey how are
you doing i told him to not apologize to
me because it's probably not as false
probably the people around him that get
him to think like that but he was
actually really cool about it once I
started talking to everybody he got
really really positive about Islam and
he was like wow I didn't know that
family means may peace be upon you know
so that kid turn that to being really
cool and understanding it's cuz I felt
like it's cuz he never met a Muslim
person or anything like that before
because he told me I was one of the
first Muslims he's ever spoke to and had
a convo with who spoke English so his
mind his view on Islam changed a lot
when I was speaking to him but his
friend ended up being a little ignorant
to me he was like oh it's not Muslims
fault for like all this terrorism going
around it's Islam's for I'm like oh my
god like I always mind what would
business in a trip I'm sorry I promise
how about nosey but when I hear people
say that I feel like and when I'm there
I feel like I need to like just jump in
and like fix the situation or like
cleanse their minds because I already
cleansed one kids and I needs a cleanses
case on my back
I gotta get back to work and cleanse
this kids my I'm like look Islam it's
not Islam's it can't be Islam for Islam
is perfect Muslims aren't I know if you
guys heard that quote so many times all
right but look if you think Islam really
promotes violence if you would kill an
ant or step on it ends that's a sin in
Islam so if you're killing an ant or
stepping on an ant and that's considered
a sin why would Islam promote violence
he was so speechless he didn't know what
say those even people around the trained
clapping for me say I wish I would have
lagged there anything but I didn't want
to like pull out my camera or like show
like oh look this is what I'm saying so
just when I thought I was done with the
group of kids another one of the kids he
was like oh but Isis is Islam and you
guys always be going around doing all
that crazy stuff chopping people's heads
and that's when knows the atom
comes in it tries to cleanse their mind
once again so I went up to the kid I was
like oh
Isis huh Isis but do you do you know
that Isis also kills Muslims and do you
know the majority of people who are
against Isis are Muslims and do you know
that us Muslims we do not consider Isis
as Muslims because anyone who commits
who commits a murder at anything in
Islam is no longer Muslims the kid
didn't know what to say when I told him
that seriously he was like oh you
actually kind of made a point I don't
know what to say
that's exactly his words I even told him
that it's okay and it's not their fault
because it's probably the community
they're around or I don't know who
they're on but I told them they should
you know have some Muslim friends or
learn more into Islam just so they can
get a nice positive mind into it when I
told him that they actually thanked me
for actually telling them some more
positive stuff about his son even the
Pope tweeted out the other day the Pope
he tweeted that Muslims Christians they
should be and every any other religion
they should be like brothers and sisters
and that's what I love that seriously
love seeing that from coming from the
Pope I loved loved seeing and he is
right every religion were all human
we're all human this is my mentality
we're all human we should all be one and
if aliens come from Jupiter to fight us
us humans need to unite we need to unite
and fight the aliens one of the aliens
come and take over earth us humans we
can't be arguing about oh my god Muslims
are terrorists oh my god
um Hispanics for this oh my god this for
that oh my god that's we can't we need
to be together as human beings and we
need to go fight them aliens but
seriously all jokes aside there's over a
billion Muslims and if you guys really
think Islam or Muslims or its terrorists
then this world wouldn't even be here if
Muslims are terrorists I really like
that I just want to give a huge shout
out to every other religion out there
who even watches my video seriously seen
I met a lot of you guys turned the
nearest hating meeting - are you a
Muslim - watch my videos and it
seriously makes makes me so happy makes
me happier like it gives me so happy
seeing you guys I can actually watch
like a boy usually there's Muslim
youtubers who sometimes don't want to
mention like Islamic
stay away from that by like I like
mission you know that's not religious in
my life I feel like seeing a lot of you
Christian Sikh Hindu Catholic ng
religion you are and watch me I say
thank you so so much for the bottom my
heart seriously I respect few guys or
whatever religion you are and yeah as
soon as I gotta say thank you guys so
much I'm sorry I have to talk for the
round so you guys tomorrow with another
regular vlog take care of do me gang and
peace I love you stay positive I'm here
for you always a fool let me write this
would choose
