hey what's up I helped the old Maisie
day because I'm having an amazing day if
I have an amazing day you also have an
amazing day today I'm vlogging I'm gonna
show you laughing laughing I'll pass
again hi
I took Emma what did hi
step away singing here are the one the
way by messin I blew with Adam oh look a
van yeah
Rema ID what i'm here just chilling on
instagram uploading a picture
rimas here vlogging it what's up ado me
gank I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so you
ready what I said it already said it
well I want to say it again so if I'm
having an amazing day you should be
having an amazing day right now I'm
stuck with these two kids who are
destructing the house mus and maybe one
years old but he is a maniac he is a
maniac
he must he's so messy little math lesson
Muzzin your carry man what are you doing
he distracts the house what's up with
you I just woke up and it's already 4:30
it's ready talk outside which sucks
really bad foots back in LA also be
bright sunny day light gonna come back
you know want me to go to LA I am gonna
stay but I'm gonna go out right now to
go meet up with slim I'm already running
super late I'm supposed to meet up with
him right now
and I have even left so he's gonna get
really mad once again with him hopefully
it goes I just had to upload something
on history and with me and Rima
I'm gonna go meet up with right now I'll
see you guys in the next chat so what
happens on TV says crying in theory by
Marcin you may kiss you gave me a kiss
don't cry leave i'ma come back for you
soon okay okay bye look at the night
time
yes okay
I go in a train and it gets awkward
understand
Wow
all right so I just got out the train
usually I take uber to like unit square
whatever but the Train I found out that
it's faster it takes about 20 minutes in
the Train
with the uber with the traffic in New
York City takes about 30 40 minutes get
two units per so why pay more and waste
more time than just taking a train I
know gets crabbed in the train but it's
just rain you know what I'm saying it's
easier and faster now rather do looks
quick away I was in the chair for like
20 minutes I literally listened to like
half Justin Bieber's new album so I was
just chilling you know right now looking
for slim
apparently he's late too so that's a
good thing got my ice camera at a lie
gotta bring it
this dude over here say what hap sir
tell him who was late today okay yeah I
was late huh oh I thought you know
another hours later I'm still jealous
then there's super jet lag message
yeah the flight I was bugging out to go
over my late I left the time you left I
was in waiting 40 minutes I cannot sing
that's always a little I should cut out
my oh man wow I missed you so much
oh all right there you guys to guess
what place is this what's this place
what is this is actually Union Square
but it looks so different looks really
really different
come on I know you can do this
hello you know I'm joking looks a little
bit like you know how I know now it is
cute Oh sciutto anybody I'm gonna say
that it looks like me this why it looks
like him what which one exactly
Oh like me and him can look like a
president who do we look like which cars
at ago I look like which cousin in the
seal of life he would look like Abraham
no I don't like it tell me this day it
looks like a clone of you boy this is
you know sound you can get this I'm
pretending I'm a little Jewish hat or
anything but if you wear like those one
of those hats all look like you know I
swear looks like you look Abraham
Lincoln no no this is I like this I just
want to smush them real quick smush much
oh yeah yeah that's good yeah do that a
little bit harder yeah I'm a smush room
heart can you step on the enemy or step
on real quick they don't have one of
Trump I know the addition has really
cheered up on Tralee without poking yeah
pokemon poking up into nine a pin bishop
hello there Adam I'm having a great day
you sure yeah well as well he's crazy
I'm sorry a lot of you watching look man
you do what I'll do let me let me record
you yeah
Oh use it hello how's it going
what's up give me a kiss thank you
oh y'all care can say that man this
camera is amazing
I'll stab you tell why it's amazing I'll
stab you
what now just cuz you cursed my camera
you're gonna knock you out oh oh oh oh
so what happens when you Krista my
camera man I feel like the ill
instigator right now I was just messing
around saying warszawa
the guy got really mad but yeah I was
just messing around
slim was like instigating I was like one
of the biggest
instigators
don't instigate any good to see like
some crazy is to get it between him
and nozzle the pollution boxing match in
76 so now next box next week next week
next night sweet hi guys I'm gonna show
you guys how Justin either dresses up
these days he dresses up really weird
but it's really cool it's a nice way of
just enough but interesting how weird
but I like we will show you guys we know
all right
I'm good on the side Michael I can
alternate it some more so I dress it
more like it because it's cool something
different you know that like
is it too late now to say sorry cause
I'm missing more just your God work is
looking out like an egg
oh my god have you seen Justin uniform
yeah that's because he just like this
one something like this is a lie
that's an Emporium NASA my missus if you
guys do not know slim does like a lot of
daily vlogs now like every single day
even though Nana so even though it's
about her his mama
he doesn't even like really miss a date
today but he's something like a lot so
glad women check out his daily blogs
it's really interesting to see now I
have something to watch everything you
guys wanna check out his blog channel
makes you check in at down below and I'm
not just saying that cause he's my homie
but he tears he does crazy like weird
like the weirdest cool as I said John
there so I just met the homie problems
give it up look tell them where you know
me from
I know him from Dominican Republic it is
the following when I lived in when I
cover public he knows me from history
and he didn't have you to hit that even
and he knew Rima that everything like
that so let's shout out to the homie
from Dominican Republic Pablo my man
right hand it's crazy out he doesn't
even know I have YouTube channel of live
chat or nothing you just know me from
Instagram which is like I'm a try on is
cool
Jackie you got something let's talk or
not
classy mutters hey my neck you guys tell
me which one is better one for this one
you guys want to follow me on twitter my
twitter is right here you'll see it in
the link below this tweet got up to 50
thousand retweets which is very this is
crazy like so crazy I'm seriously
overwhelmed by everybody who reads me to
that video thank you guys so much and if
you guys want to follow me or add me on
chaps snap if you want to add me on
chaps and this is my phone should I do
something my phone what I'm like what's
in my phone like challenge video or
something like that my snapchat right
there my snapchat is let's see what's my
snapchat if you guys want to add me on
my snapchat this is my snapchat is Adam
Saleh 93 this is my one and only
snapchat that I use I always upload a
lot of stories and I was randomly like I
rarely snapchat a lot of you so if you
guys want to add me you can add me right
there Adam saw 93 ok so I wrote on my
Twitter a couple days ago that if you
guys comment I'll give you guys a nice
shout out so I'm gonna do it today just
to show you guys love back so thank you
guys so so much
shout out to Sarah Hadid e she's a trim
your beard just a little well maybe I
will
or maybe I not shout out to kpop Rima
Thank You kpop Rima for liking before
watching thank you so much undercover
dutchy thank you so much for all your
love and support nuff said Khalid thank
you so much for liking before watching
he chatted to Miriam oh thank you so
much for your love and support
shoutout to hella as Matt Neal thank you
so much for your love and support you
guys are so so amazing in ass dial thank
you for your love and support seriously
one day Rima would want to be a vlogger
I think that's I think that's true I
don't know Brian star he got 40 bucks
and he's only like 7 oh he's 6 years old
and he got 40 bucks but yeah because
shout out to Mia Hossein Thank You Mia
us a shout out to
I'm Geeta he got pranked Oh shout-out to
shikaka Binks why would you bring rumor
chuck-e-cheese chickenpox can date to
contagious especially to the children
who haven't got yet yeah thank you so
much Ramona Muhammad you guys degrees in
the comments Uzi
I love reading your comments thank you
guys so much the Eman a brahim seriously
you guys are so amazing
and then yeah I'll see you guys soon all
right guys a do me gang it is confirmed
the meet and greet for New York City
will still be on Saturday this Saturday
November 28th at 2 p.m. I'm sorry about
that little blue light whenever there's
light around this thing I don't know I
believe not but I love saying New York
City the media gree is still this
Saturday coming up it will not rain at
Hampton level that's what I said right
now and whether it the rain just moved
away I have to lay like with all your
doubt on my daughter's I made my own
Prairie dad that it says it's not gonna
rain just says little clouds some Sun so
the weather should be beautiful so for
everyone who's watching
so my New York City Duma yanked on my
Maryland looming a tow my New Jersey
dooming a Connecticut Boston weather
around here coming from New York City
Times Square it will be that day
Saturday I do not know what I'm saying
cause I'm thinking about saying
something else but I said something else
I'm sorry November 28th Saturday 2:00
p.m. at Times Square at the registers it
has been confirmed official that's it
I'm going to be there
Rema Marcin slim and it is also
confirmed that Hamza and Haley will also
be there so it's going to be pretty much
almost all of the Adams family so you
guys should come through it's gonna be
an amazing amazing time I just have a
chill out and have fun with you guys
so come through and let's see how this
goes NYC it's literally like in 3-4 days
so if you guys are planning on coming
come through I'm gonna be there I'll see
you guys then it's time to wrap up this
flag and yeah I'm gonna be wrapping up
this wire right now I hope you guys
enjoyed this flag they did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey to all
Mirada dummies seriously guys thank you
guys so so so much for always giving the
vlogs a thumbs up always watch I try to
make these vlogs for the past couple
days at home a little bit longer than
usual so you guys can enjoy yours can
have fun and keep smiling so if you guys
are watching do me I give it a thumbs up
let's try to get this vlog to 10,000
thumbs let's see if you guys can do it
the power of idumaean let's see if you
guys can reach 10,000 thumbs up I just
giving it a thumbs up by tomorrow and if
you guys do I'll probably do a cute nice
little cute there tomorrow so hopefully
you guys have an amazing day today and
tomorrow than that see you guys tomorrow
take care of Douma gang or peace I'll
owe you
mmm I love you I love you like a love
song baby a I love you more than a fat
kid loves cake eighty I'm here for you
always in fact I promise you that those
tears let me write them away okay
this would choose to say
