inspired by Prince Naseem right here
hey guys what's up a do me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing day you should be having an
amazing I just woke up right now and I'm
so so sore but I'm still gonna be going
work out and I'm still gonna be going
having an amazing day to show you guys
around so let's see how it is cause I'm
losing my voice a little bit cuz I've
been like just talking so much about the
whole day of my family so this right
here is my nephew used to his dad in my
brother-in-law he got this license plate
that says El Yemen which looks so dope I
want to get something like this and put
it like a do me gang or something like
that I think there I'm gonna show you
guys this car live with my homie say F
so let me show you guys right now I'm
here with say F cause the episode shows
trick boo
do it again try it again
whose car is that baba see that's quite
what does that say oh yeah
it says el Yemen Baba save do that wow
it looks nice can I have it
yeah why going to college life you can't
for you do this you and read and then it
dies you gonna drive so Drive let's go
come on
where you can drag me to sit down huh
say hi Baba
hi Baba thief see Adam I'm gonna take
your car over there you go that's it I'm
gonna drive it I'm gonna buy you one
naked s okay okay okay you know what I'm
gonna buy one nation s okay okay okay
okay
he's ain't gonna buy me one like this
you're what
so this is all your car now say huh this
is like legit his car
good I like that your boss your big boss
okay that's good
this is how you know you're in an Arab
car when this behold in the car this is
sick
this behold it in the car this is dope I
just got can be having a cool workout my
fights coming in a week I'm done with
meeting agreed just wanna give a huge
shout out to everybody who came I said
that's also amazing and you guys
seriously motivating beam updates so
much better now being even more more
than a lettuce like watch this buddies
what's up more this is motivation
yes a beautiful like this is life this
is inspiration this is the key to this
success the key to success
the key to success matter its water
that's what it helps kiza
thank you how you came up I might be in
a show how you came with Tim's I've been
a big sneaker yeah I'm saying I'm ready
do it yeah you know I got a boxing match
the next few guy you go yeah I'm boxing
nas holy things in one huh you're gonna
be his s how you know to get you not
pretty though you ready hit what do you
think the same thing he just said I feel
side gonna be a nice nice match nice you
still love you but I'm sorry I'm sorry
do play cheap side but you know what's
clear I'm not to be the spotter
oh my thing is that badass battery wait
let me zoom up the little one
my watch I'm gonna look like this in a
couple months I'd I'll try I try here
that's right whoa whoa what side was
that dungeon oh my god that's great
nigga did we get a jacket oh my god
that's motivation see seeing is that
it's motivation it's bridge that's why
I'm here
Russia husband it wasn't about wearing
sweaters engines you gotta say work and
getting hit ball the one that I saw you
get the money Bob the more you get out I
need to learn more I'm next time I wore
a sweater and I want to do it I'm gonna
do it I'm bringing a blankets and
pillows
aha
Scott Seiver come on
represent Brooklyn Brooklyn and Wasi so
don't talk about yeah my little nephews
my life he's my nephew
he's my knife yep that's my nephew yeah
that's the new song it's my new song
that's my nephew up he's my nephew
you're my family he's from the Adam spam
below yeah he got it mommy
motivation pick that face the motivation
guys like I see this man 150 pound this
thing right here weighs more than this
little thing right here weighs more than
me your desu that's crazy that's a great
time you pick it up this hard I was like
picking me up with one hand no need to
pick that up and put it bad I got you
yeah she about the fart road yeah don't
try out on it's crazy
100 pounds
he's about the he's about to pick two of
me up and go like this
is it a thing to backpack gets the
pumped up no Sam you make me go insane
like you don't make me drop out of huh
delay I waiting for something around
that make sure you hit it with the
trainer can excel at it easily it
another day another when I get back me
up a bowl that world tour
to fit a boxing match a couple days go
12 rounds in a rainbow it's not as easy
as it looks you say I don't have power
and I just got speed but don't
underestimate and grow the back in line
Oh Oh be the word another weakness I see
of yours you don't keep your hands up
keep your hands at Mount your look so
I'm gonna bring back Prince Naseem habit
oh he's gonna be back I'm gonna be the
match is gonna be inspired by Prince
Naseem right good so if I get really too
confident
inspired by Prince messy oh yeah
what's up or do me gang how are you guys
Oh doing I'm back in this little let me
know if you guys enjoy let me know if
you guys enjoy these little like
challenges these little challenges and
vlogs that I do in the living room I'm
gonna call it the living room challenges
or something like that let me know if
you guys do enjoy that by giving it a
thumbs up today me Tyler we are gonna be
doing the do it like me challenge well I
do not know how to do it well Hale is
one that knows how to do the dual like
me challenge because she's really good
pro at it so I'm gonna let her do it
first then after that she's gonna teach
me and then we're gonna do it together
and hopefully she teaches here else to
the point I know how to do it
professionally so if you guys do not
know what to do it like any challenge if
you guys do not know what to do like me
challenge is is it some kind of cool
dance we're like you do like all these
cool dances together what's it do like
me tongue yeah they don't like me
challenge is it's a challenge to say if
you could do all these games is mixed
into one song and you know how to do it
yeah yeah
got a song here's a nice commercial of
Muhsin and that's all right guys I've
been played a song and let's see how she
does it first ready
you
who's like I live in the every two days
oh my god you got to teach you right now
in Chingy in two minutes you got to
teach me tonight so I can do it for the
doing gay guy
all I know is like it with my me can't
hey hey hey turn ah ha ha
I saw star whip fuck went like this yeah
I do then after that nearly rock I'm so
like I'm so like outdated on these new
dances letter comes after whip what do I
do
what are you like this also sound like
this so uh so did you would like me
though yeah that your show do you do it
whipped enough to go to oh so nice I saw
go whip we have to take that I've been
thinking shoulders you kill me thank you
guys already said bet you get whipped
like me what about me know that I saw
after the melee rock is the sexy walk
yeah is it like this
a no no no it's not real city look wow
so what's this seems to be the opposite
how was it nice yeah she's like this
sexy walk Roby yeah that's it hey this
is a sexy one
kiss I'm so walking today like this
already so whip like me running lab like
me don't see why hey that's cool
hey I'm feeling it I'm dead
am i yeah yeah tell me what's after that
what's have the drop in is it going up
to the sky but it's not going to hit the
folks boys days I've never heard of
these days is over all I heard is hit
the Quan um and a whip and a name and
you know what I'm gonna be just game is
in itself okay I see how you're you
you're doing the fuck's focus on the
folks ah boy can't hit the folks also do
you move you like Daria it the folks
also like what is this this this but
it's a genocide go through the stencil
with that
I'm sweating my butt off yeah huge huge
thumbs up viola teach me the school
dance it's time to wrap up this vlog
hope you all enjoyed this flag if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey to a Marathi dad UMI's
thank you guys so so so much for your
love and support seriously I might be
gonna say thumbs up or go Turkey I'm
gonna show you guys thank you so much
for all your love and support for
showing so much love on a thumbs up
button for sewing so much love in the
comment section every single day you
guys show so much on the new video and I
appreciate you guys so so much I'm so
glad you guys enjoyed it maybe having
another new video on the main channel in
about a week or two if this goes as
planned with my brother if not then I'm
gonna have to take it something else but
thank you guys so so much I'm out to
reach a million subscribers and my main
channel and I'm literally about to reach
600,000 subscribers on my vlog channel
which it's just
alhamdulillah I'm so thankful seriously
guys thank you so so so much from the
bottom of heart I appreciate everything
when you guys and you guys make me more
humble more more motivated every single
day so I always want to give back to you
guys so I think the giveaway that would
be doing for that for the for the 1
million subscriber giveaway I'll be
doing an iPhone 6s giveaway and I'm
getting I got to think of a second place
and a third place to give away something
cool for you guys and for the six
hundred thousand subscribers I'm
thinking about just celebrating and for
the many scumbag just celebrating going
to probably Adamo skydiving or something
something cliff jumping I don't know you
guys tell me something crazy I shall do
something crazy something like that but
I'll see you guys tomorrow do me egg
thank you guys so so so much I love you
take care and peace
have you always a fabric promise you
that booth Ted let me write them away I
know okay this would choose to say
