huh it's phew I don't trust you what are
you doing do me game I'm starting off
the day make a seat for my dad because
laughing because my mom is not here mama
sila mamasan where you at girl this is
what happens with Mama side that's not
here man I came and start to fly jamadar
inna Rima you guys gonna start the vlog
while in the words of God
why do you look back up the run no head
Vic why I ever clicked my finger guys
thumbs up if they won't look look at his
head could be blind
oh you go home funny son
I thought your cameras more said I'm
gonna
primase oh who are you guys I just got
done big offseason what's up guys mamas
ah I just came I love you so much i
doing why are we doing good I did it
seriously huh now I made you a seat
right mm-hmm this is my seat that I mean
marriage again she keeps talking about
marriage non-stop marriage marriage
marriage a man let me get written
married no do you want me to get married
neshama do you guys want me to get
married no yeah no yeah which one
all right guys I hope you guys enjoyed
them first minutes of the vlogs if you
guys want more make sure you guys
subscribe because I upload every single
day in The Addams Family they're always
going up this started to vlog adieu me
gang so subscribe if you guys want to
see the vlog in here to also always give
the vlog a thumbs up I truly appreciate
every single one you guys will actually
go all out so give the vlog a thumbs up
and if you don't then you're just you're
just lazy man thumbs up work hard I put
you notifications on to do me guy to
stay updated with the latest videos with
that being said let me take you guys
downstairs to the secret floor the
transformation is insane only a few days
left but let me update you guys before
the reveal right now let's go hi guys
this is my secret floor right here this
is gonna be my whole everything my gym
my office my editing stuff my filming
stuff my fan art everything guys ready
to come in let's do it she was on shoes
on I see the update to me gang let's do
it Wow look at this wow look at this man
this is dope wow they're pretty guys
watch I'll be care of this paint on the
walls this is a little mini preview
right here yeah this is the office right
here the gym is gonna be here they're
working so hard of them telling you guys
it's gonna look so so low and around a
few days a week of a reveal every time
so it's gonna look wow can we present
about to play some for tonight let's go
buddy let's go hey what are you guys
doing
I need to get an air pump to pump the
thingie so I can put it in the backyard
also do me gang guess what you guys got
over 30,000 thumbs up in the blog when
we went inside the secret room so I'll
tell you guys tomorrow is gonna be the
video where me and Remo we say 24 hours
inside this secret room let's go take a
little peek in seeker all right guys
we're just gonna take a little peek
right now before we go in there tomorrow
for 24 hours so let's showed you man oh
okay Deena is like such a pump at the
same time she's a gangster what are you
scared about huh you don't like the
secret room you don't like it okay let
go downstairs and wait for us we're
gonna go okay you wanna go first
yeah you sure yeah
no no you guys go I don't know why the
kids are acting brave man I'm gonna have
to go further scary I win like it's
scary right some of you guys it's
scarier in person this thing is like a
black hole
yo you can't deceive him his face no
more look at this I can't see you what
happened I've got this girl she's a
savage because she roasts people just
like Jomon but she's a punk because
she's can't to go to places like this
believe me
you're gonna fight muslin cuz he's
screaming all right go fight him
hi guys I'm outside about to meet up
with the homie slim and Nikki we're
gonna go go-karting when your children
bit the catch-up after coming back from
I like the Hat Lucy thank you whoa okay
no I got from I got my man rocky rocky
Maggie
we just finished going go-karting I did
not vlog much in there slim locked
inside the go-karting
i'ma get my license to write my license
I dropped good is that he go faster than
me on scene I drop girls alright yeah
you get you're good at being a reckless
driver or something
I think you drive safe look at this
go-kart man it was crazy the one that
quoits keeps on this one this one is
nothing literally nothing like it
they're so slow man 1 equate without
doors and super super fast
it was sup guys I'm here I took Adams
camera Adams upstairs it's uh it's 3:00
a.m. gonna surprise him I hooked him up
with her all white outfit he's a nice
little brother younger brother he always
look out for my kids he made my kids
happy $2,000 for fourth outfit it's fire
you got gonna like no he's gonna love it
and you guys are gonna like it he loves
off-white he goes crazy for all fight
it's gonna damn start this with the
competition we have it with the clothes
with the sneakers and stuff like that
off white pants to the Mogul
oh wait what I like about oh wait is the
logo so this is the Penske C been
grinded too much he's working hard he
loves he loves the jackets got the logo
in the back the back of the jacket me
have the army got the mug was on the
side jacket right here
no I don't she's coming down
I want to talk to you
huh
this few I don't trust you what are you
doing this pew what is what is this oh
wait it's some kind of prank what is
this oh oh wait gift from me to you
Holloway oh this is fake off boy or real
love is real are you tricking me they
love me I never do faith it's real hello
I don't know what I mean like this is
from me
do you give me a give me to you to wear
me be sure is mine sure but no oh my god
what you
you're joking is that my shirt $500 for
geez what the hell bro this is real
off-white $500 for jeans what the hell
1200 I don't get it
I don't get it we're competing why the
hell are you giving it to me we have
like the whole competition is a
competition doesn't matter with me
you're my brother I love you you take
care of my kids we kick each other and
this you're just gonna start start your
collection with it yeah well I don't you
James right trying to translate yeah
yeah hello you're not gonna end up feel
like I'm stroking no no no it's not a
prank
I'm there touch more oh my god series
thank you so much for a bit yeah that
means a lot Barlow yo these Jesus fire
yo you ain't
you could know it's official this you're
working your age says you pick me out
but yo all of it
appreciate thank you so much I'm uh
supposed to give something back to you
cuz alright give you I'm talking about
this of all of I appreciate it thank you
so much my friend my brother so you
don't even have to give me any I don't
care about its family you know no yeah I
don't know okay fresh look at this
you're almost opposing like this like
Instagram picture and look seriously
huge shout out to the homie it's my
older brother eight kicks
I don't yo Thank You Man thumbs up that
was a favor
thank you for being an amazing amazing
brother it truly means the world
this dude even got himself Easy's - bro
how you do when you love me in the plug
gather for me what you get from Suzie I
got I can tell you I get my hookups I'm
not good if I tell you then he's hanging
out of my side I'm gonna get them soon
Justin I got my off-white stuff there's
just no me get them Stewart I'm gonna
end the video here you know I don't even
know what I'll say thank you all the
brother like you don't even have to see
things now so please do so family comes
first just remember that always like
your family um I'm gonna end the video
here love you guys subscribe
I'm uh thumbs up I don't know what to
think I was just all wrong Thank You Man
JC do me a I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace I love Johnny and it
should swear to god he should've came
willing gives you Yemen baby makes in
Yemen aid a place I'll meet you there
I'll treat playing like an uber if that
makes
discuss antsy
