hey guys what's up to do me gank I hope
you're happy recently because I was
having an amazing day and now I'm having
a really horrible horrible day but still
even if I'm having a horrible day I want
you all to be having an amazing amazing
day and still keep smiling and I'm here
to tell you guys some crazy crazy shit
that happened today like seriously my
day was an amazing day I was so excited
for the meeting green everything for
tomorrow and like it changed from zero
to 100 real quick real quick so this is
what happened I went to Queens Center
Mall
I was increase in amami Slim and my
nephew Yousef I was vlogging all over
throughout throughout Queen senemo a
vlog before that in my house like I did
this really cool really cool like little
challenge with The Addams Family and I
did like this like this little mini yes
I'll do the video huh okay
so I asked my brother but yeah this is
gonna be unedited straight up like so as
I was saying um I was yeah I was I was
like a little challenge before that and
like a show with my dad like I had an
amazing vlog for you guys ready I showed
my tattoo to my dad and he reacted to it
and everything like that I had an
amazing amazing like I was done by
Prince animal and everything after Queen
cenomar I left around 9:00 9:30 I went
out of quinces anymore and then I seen
this guy I'm looking at this guy McGill
he looks he looks so familiar and then
this guy was trying to run away and then
when I remembered like I remember his
face cuz around that area in the train
station
that's where I got basically jumped by
these by these five dudes remember last
year when I got a black guy he was one
of them he was one of the guys that that
punch that sucker punched me I don't
know where he was one of them so I was
saying I'm like this could do it like so
familiar and then when I was I was going
up I seen him avoiding me trying to run
away so I followed him quick then he was
amazing like trying to hide between
people so I kept walking faster then he
started running
so I ran ran like an idiot that I am I
ran I got to toughen it up and slim and
use of then thinking like what is what
Rayner and I caught think I caught the
guy I caught him I put him literally
like and this is like oh I don't know
why did stupid so that this is why
should never react in like a negative
way but I grat I grabbed him not put him
in esto hace yo assess him sighs you
know you dude like he's like no no no so
I run away why why no he's like no I'm
not I'm not dude so I was so close
things like literally like getting so
violent but then Yusuf and and some were
holding back they would tell me chill
out chill out chill out then he ended up
running off and screaming stuff like Oh
imma see you i'ma see you soon I know
where you chill at I know where you be
at whatever some like that and I'll tell
you how you can come wherever you know
wherever you think I am it won't be it
won't be fun if you find me
but if I find this dude again it like I
swear I'm so sorry to like spread this
negative energy to you guys but it won't
be fun if I ever see him again I swear
I'll open the vlog camera and I will do
things that I'm not let me tell you but
I got so I got so mad this dude he's the
one that literally almost killed me
this guy's don't want to almost kill me
sucker-punched me to train him and all
his friends I don't know if I got set up
I don't know it was I don't know if if
he knew me someone sent sent him on me
or something like that but it was it was
wild it was wild and stuff like that but
then after Yousef and slim chatter like
only that he was with me right now by
the way say was so he was used when I
was hold me back Wow laughter I was I
was all right so then this would happen
this the worst part so that was already
bad luck cuz I was ready tempted I ended
up going either taking a taxi from Queen
senemo me some use of women taxi I put
my black camera inside the little couch
in the backseat when I put my block
camera there I'm there just like
expressing my feelings to them so like
that and then we took us all the way to
Manhattan at 34th Street we get out in
34th Street I paid cash I do not get no
receipt I do not even remember the guy's
face the driver's face I don't remember
any any of the car or any cars number of
the guy's name so I got at the car I
took my bag and everything and then like
3040 minutes later I remember that my
camera is in the taxi behind like behind
the couch and then I didn't know what to
do so I called 3-1-1 I tried
I looked for the lost-and-found they
told me to wait about three four days to
call back and to see if it returns but
seriously I think it will not be
returned because it's in the back seat
and the next person who is there they
can just if they're not nice enough they
can just keep the camera all my footage
is in there of the whole vlog my footage
of my dad of the prank is in there but
luckily luckily I put in the footage of
the prank that I did on my dad into my
laptop so the prank will still be
released tomorrow it will still be
released tomorrow
at Sunday when I say 2 or 3 p.m. 1 to 3
p.m. tomorrow so the prank will still be
up guys that's something to look forward
to and like that but yeah I just wanted
to update you guys on that it's been a
crazy hectic day I have good luck for
everything everything happens for a
reason and yeah if I ever I'll keep you
guys updated tomorrow I have to buy a
brand new vlog camera tomorrow morning
the meeting greet you guys are probably
watching this right now while the
meeting is happening but right now it's
for its 437 a.m. 437 a.m. I was all over
the precinct channeling for this camera
child looking my stuff I couldn't find
it but short 37 and so now I have to
wake up around in a couple hours
system in degrees at 2:00 p.m. I have to
wake up in a couple hours I have to go
to Best Buy and get a new vlog camera so
I can vlog for you guys to have a vlog
of tomorrow if I do get my camera back
inshallah I will put that vlog and make
that a lot an extra blog because it
wasn't a man I love that vlog I remember
I told you guys yesterday like I'm I
have amazing luck for you guys and I had
an amazing blog ready
but then that happened I swear if I see
that kid again and cuz oh ah
like I've been looking for these people
who jumped me for so long and I see now
I'm like he's got like so familiar but
what got me more mad at I lost a lot
camera I don't care about losing a black
camera I lost all the footage I'd rather
have the footage on the memory card but
yeah I lost all the fish and I have
nothing to do for but just make this
video but I really hope you guys
understand where I come from it's been a
hectic day and even if I'm having a bad
day
keep smiling stay amazing I love you
guys I don't even know why I'm gonna say
but thumbs up and go Turkey if you guys
want to give a thumbs up it's just a
regular video and stuff like that but
yeah if you guys want to see one of the
vlogs where I had a black eye the link
will be down below of the vlog where
have a black eye does any new people or
anything like that other than that um
yeah make sure you guys stay tuned for
tomorrow for the main channel prank
subscribe for daily videos I'm gonna get
a new camera tomorrow tomorrow's
immediately I'm not gonna let anything
make me mad I know you guys are gonna
make my day tomorrow seeing you guys in
New York City I love you guys take care
and peace do me again like
