hey guys what's up ado me gank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you guys should be having
more than an amazing right now I just
picked up juh man Rima from school and
whenever they come and they're in the
house this always happens I can't even
edit in my room I can't do anything in
our own without these people in my door
look front of my door watch this watch
this
look - hey what are you guys doing but
he goes wait in front of my door like
like it's some kind let me see teeth
how's the look now say cheese
damn you're super cat boy huh you're
super gap boy oh yes you see you in a
baker soon
jemelle what about you every time he
looks at the camera
he smiles of watch this say cheese let's
just take it off watch this watch this
ready he's such a poser what is good I
just met up with the homie slim that
takes us a while to meet up with each
other especially when his phone is about
to die so this is what happened let me
tell you guys his phone completely died
I'm supposed to meet up in 66th Street
and a Columbus Avenue uh-huh and then
his phone died so when I went there I'm
looking all around for him like I can't
text time I can't call him there's no
way for me to like get in contact with
him but he's on 66th Street and Broadway
he's out I still didn't have to let him
have the block it's like a block away
but it's you're not on you not on the
right it's the same I mean out of
the way so I can't find him you need to
be able to look I just asked someone to
do but I phone no one trust me what's
going on Robin
you know why they're not white that's
why I'm not white don't trust me so
well you have to see that once I see
that for I'm scrawny ass like tall
Arabic I didn't Rob Morrison that
was easy
did you got did you guys see Slim's
latest pictures like he wants to show
his tattoo hopefully if you think you
like this huh there'd be some vlogging
like this when I yo what's up guys I do
it yeah another fish he's like the ocean
is that way myself show my chest but
like that's not my chest so like it's
ready then I'm gonna pool underwater so
I already shows our arm at the beach so
it shows it but someone was it was
funnier because in his hand and he's
trying to show it so he's like but the
other thing is you can picture the big
fix it up like
they are forming where
what you call cheerleading that's sick
some do that I like best met up with the
homie to keep say what up go ahead we're
telling you my crazy la stories so yeah
some got a crazy maze that was warm next
time you gotta definitely coming up oh
look at this huge crayon bro this is my
child in it right inside his Legos wait
a minute what's uni why your name with
my name's together so we can get married
it would be an amazing couple hello yeah
hey how are you see how are you are you
guys wait why your mom like it huh
what are you doing my leg is Marcin
what's up what you got boy let me see it
teeth now I was gonna get up the any
teeth let me get an update on your teeth
stand right don't move let me get up the
any teeth right there right you get up
the any teeth
say cheese yes cheese say cheese gap boy
hey what's up guys it is now the next
day so how are you guys doing so I'm
gonna tell you guys the story on what
happened why didn't I upload a vlog why
I uploaded the skit instead this is what
you guys do not see this is like behind
the scenes what I'm gonna tell you guys
right now so I did I decided not to
upload the vlog because I thought it was
I feel like it was not interesting
enough I felt like if I uploaded that
vlog you guys would be like aw it's just
gonna be a shitty vlog you probably were
just lazy you wanted to upload anything
so I felt like the flags before that I
had it they were like so good so I
needed something you know also good with
that I didn't want to like you have
something good there's something shitty
after that so I was like you know what I
was literally about to sleep it was
midnight then 12:30 a.m. I got up I got
done editing the whole vlog I'm like no
what I'm gonna do a skit instead so let
me get up and do a skit I got up I had
to think I haven't 4 hours until my mom
and dad wake up for fetch which is
around 4:30 5:30 so they were sleeping
and I had to do everything in the living
room in my room so I woke up and I
started thinking about cou what should I
do
alright tomorrow's day
giving maybe I should do something
similar like gathering and I'm like
alright I'm Arab it's Thanksgiving
I should do something for Arab
gatherings tough ideas I'm like okay the
last time I had a gathering was like a
couple weeks ago and I went crazy let me
write down some stuff of crazy
interesting stuff that goes on and I can
put into skit so I wrote it down quick
in my notes I literally pull out my
camera I pulled out all the character
clothes that I had and everything I went
to the living room and I started
recording recording everything and
filming everything and it took me take
me about two hours to film everything it
was so awkward because my parents were
sleeping and I had to like play woman
characters I like that luckily they did
not wake up I snuck in my dad's room and
I like this door usually he sleeps with
his door open so I wanted to do my
sleeping and I closed the door so he
can't hear my voice anything so I got
everything done I started editing it
took me about maybe an hour hour and
half to edit so in three and a half
hours I got everything done but I made a
big huge mess in my living room like I
had all the characters clothes on the
floor like I was just throwing it I
wanted to get everything done for you
guys so I got it done and I've seen some
of you guys on Twitter telling me Adam
it's okay if you have a lazy vlog
sometimes you know we still enjoy a lazy
talking your this and that but no I
wanna I want to continue to hustle I
wanna I want to keep this hustle going
and showing you guys that like that that
I don't want to give you something
shitty I want to give you guys something
you know something worth watching that's
why I decided to do the skit and after
that took an hour to upload so about
taking about four and a half hours to
get in Hamden like I got it all done
and it was all cool and all of you guys
enjoyed it so it was seriously like a
game it was like a competition like Adam
you have three hours to come up with a
scale idea do it edit upload now boom I
seriously think I'm good with those if
you can tell me to like alright add me
on five hours to do this do that I can
do it for a video like I don't know I
find it like really fun to do also like
I like having that pressure on me
sometimes sometimes so I got it done and
then I did it uploaded and a lot of you
guys enjoyed it so I haven't let you
guys did enjoy it I'm so happy you guys
loved it I will be doing a lot more
skits yeah I finally he got to get done
and I tried to put the vlog up for
today's vlog even though I did not do
nothing today I did not do nothing at
all today nothing I didn't know I stayed
home all day I was reading all your
tweets I was tweeting a lot I was
applying to a lot of you I was
snapchatting a lot of you and also I was
on Twitter
I was damning a lot of you and I was
finding out who can play the girlfriend
for my dad so I mean for like on the
prank on my dad so I found someone you
wanted to keep themselves anonymous but
I found someone good who speaks Arabic
who's from New York to make it more
realistic so I'm so close to getting
your ear Pete European prison because my
dad would fall for that cuz I'm always
in Europe and stuff like that so I got I
decided to get a New Yorker and Arab New
Yorker and I got the break done on my
dad I had to wake him up he was sleeping
he was taking a nap I woke him up I did
the prank it was probably the craziest
 ever guys I'm not even high fitting
up hyping up enough like that but this
is the first official prank that I've
done on my dad and it went so crazy it's
so I could hold my left I was laughing
seriously throughout the whole prank I
might show you guys a little maybe a
little preview at the end of this vlog
if you guys continue to watch it even if
if even if you guys are like yeah even
if you guys are just watching me talk so
hopefully I give you guys something cool
that's worth watching I'm gonna give you
guys a little sneak preview at the end
of this vlog so hopefully you guys do
enjoy it other than that also we have a
New York City meet-and-greet this is
confirmed the New York City meeting this
Saturday at Times Square Times Square
42nd Street this Saturday at 2 p.m. 2
p.m. so to all my New York and New York
City Duma gang everyone out there around
the Navy cetera make sure you guys come
through turn up it's gonna be an amazing
amazing time so I really hope you guys
have fun and I cannot wait to meet you
all it's confirmed that also Jim and
we'll be there he started crying he's
like hey he wants to be there why times
I had a Mawson Rima gonna be there not
Jim Hoge around he he spoke for his
right he was like no Adam I'm protesting
so you're gonna bring everybody how can
you forget me and I'm sorry Jim a few
forget about you but of course you know
you're welcome oh you're part of the
Addams Family you're more than welcome
so all of us are gonna be literally the
whole Adams found the other than Dina
because Deena is like Deena's just Deena
she's just like grumpy with everyone but
everyone else is just cool you guys
gonna get to meet Marcin which is crazy
I'm so surprised this is Marcin is gonna
be at the meeting me it's just really
crazy
Slim is going to be there rimas gonna be
there I'm gonna be there
Hamza Hilah and Jim at I cannot wait to
meet every single one of you guys in New
York City this I've never done like a
meet and greet in public in New York
City probably a couple years back like
in 2012 2013 but this one my first ones
in a really long time so what do you
hope you guys can make it and come
through come through come through
because we got a meet-and-greet to do
baby come through come through
other than that I'm gonna be wrapping up
this flag I'm so sorry I didn't I've
like nothing at all today because I had
to film this prank which will be up
Sunday in which I will be giving us a
little preview okay I don't know how
long will you I should give you a bone
to give us just a little someone texted
me just a little sneaky little preview
like that for you guys to enjoy other
than that I'll see you guys tomorrow do
me gank with another with another
regular like a good interesting vlog I
promise you guys thank you guys so so
much for a little support seriously guys
thank you so much for always given like
the vlogs and thumbs up even when I'm
talking like that you guys still give it
a thumbs up and go turkeys I do
appreciate that and seeing you guys like
right now I'm talking I'm talking to
this vlog and seeing you guys still
giving it a thumbs up it shows me that
shouldn't they guys still do enjoy like
hear me talking still watching my vlogs
even if I didn't talk about promised you
guys a crazy cool vlog tomorrow and a
crazy crazy prank on Sunday I do not
know what time yet but a crazy prank on
Sunday on my dad it's finally done it's
done it's crazy the prank on with that
is done it's gonna be super crazy so I
cannot wait for it Newark City meet
agree tomorrow Saturday I'll see you
guys to do me Aang take care and peace I
like you
here's sneak peek ocean on a hanger huh
huh montages son yeah this hello a haven
okay okay um you sure okay
I have I have a girlfriend
making that hain't haman haman pregnant
like you haven't you haven't pregnant
we're further me I'm the father
