right here
hi Mawson cities he said hi like you
that most I got some sad news for you
you mean I got some sad news for you get
upset I'm leaving I'm leaving to LA for
four days oh I'm gonna miss you so much
and I love you so much okay yeah some
leave it to LA right now yes right now
yes right now I'm sorry I know that I'm
sorry
okay Tommy yeah don't you man your
emotion I love you I said I love you say
I good yeah
sure then what I say you got Freddie
thank you love you have a have a holly
on top for the New York City a New York
leaky my dad huge shout-out to my dad if
you dropped me off at the airport this
car is so sick so fast mashaallah and
I'm ready he up in his bridge
it's my dad's favorite reciter
I am beside you
did you
what ekwa nobody but what so my dad just
dropped me off at JFK Airport you guys
do not know he got these sick bumpers
for his car which makes it look extra
powerful right Widow daddy hello she's
that I love you that I'm taking
hello myself take it
by my cell you guys a story while I'm
walking to a meetup with slim I'm gonna
tell you guys sorry why my dad has the
putter Rican flag in his car it's a long
long story ever since I was a kid right
so whenever we had the Yemen flag there
will be people like breaking the windows
like literally like popping out tires
just because we had like a Yemen flag
and they never really liked Arabic
people or Muslim people stuff like that
so one day my dad hangs out with a lot
of pottery computer my dad loves like
where you can view my dad loves the
Hispanic culture so the guy told him oh
you should put like a pro Rican flag and
see what goes on so ever since then my
dad put a Puerto Rican flag and no one
ever broke his window over the car no
one ever broke his anything literally so
and then one time to test it out he put
the Yemeni flag again and they literally
broke my dad's car window some of that
end up putting the Puerto Rican flag
just so don't want to like break his car
or nothing like that so it's crazy how
its New York City yes but the derrick
City is crazy it's crazy how you have to
put the Puerto Rican flag just so they
won't break your car show you okay
never in my life have I seen slim come
this early but yeah well we got a sorry
go I'm so mad Muhammad broke we poor you
keep mad early that's America always
really wrong no you never early go get a
haircut la a banana yes hey why you
either Susan Michelle I associated like
the Barbies of Lula declared I know bow
my hair like sister I need to like fix
it and make it not straight I don't know
why what do people do you guys like
straight hair line or no straight that's
better
that's good so we just got done with the
most annoying part which was security
check
it's literally the moves and knowing but
not that mean it's okay go to security
but like when you go to security
interesting oh my god they put two so
much vs for know who off there is a
reason but like it's just hectic but Hum
Dil I got a true oh but hamdullah we got
it through about the headset airplane la
here we come
you look sleepy but one of every citizen
waiting for us when he favors interval
me too far like New York City over LA
but let's see I don't know I'm a New
York in New York is home
I love the East Coast I'll represent you
know East Coast and all you sad but
I still got my love away so you say
until I gigs are east side what 7 yeah
that's a lame bug to the east side wall
saying goes one and then is it easy
piece idiot east side ok you're not from
New York don't like totally beautiful
I'll talk like a baby tell a
kindergarten teacher can you go to get
out of so I do this all the time
whenever I'm in the airport I go to
where the cologne is that not spray some
just gate someone cute next to me sits
next to me and they smell me the like oh
my god it smells a little bit with um
I'm pushing our huh where's Monty back
though they're gonna all love me now to
ever remember like I want to say exit
son does this Monty but he's stealing
whoo hi guys just got to the plains and
we're heading to allottee I met my
crushes yeah
what's your new hotel right
tiller
Taylor aka Raymond
howdy
well good afternoon and thanks for
joining us again here at Virgin America
my name is Tina
listen to me
while ago we just landed in LA hey
what's up we're here
I've been here for so long I'm so happy
to be back here one of the most amazing
cities in America so within here get
some coffee man look who came I'm loved
if they went up it feels so weird seeing
him in my country man what'd you go to
my country but Michael oh yeah we right
now get ahead to the car that we got
what colors you seen my yellow punk yeah
he just said you wanted to get white but
me stumble I go yellow because you know
us Americans we like getting some fancy
funky stuff so we got a yellow a yellow
convertible Mustang
this one is our yellow I like the color
yellow it's good like even better when
it's off when that is convertible Oh
California we in here
so
get your luggage in 2015
you should
so we just landed in LA and I met the
home right Ali Ali the homie alley right
he's so cool so down to earth he's from
London right yeah from London I heard
it's cool
that's all from London here we have
something come from London too yeah also
he's coming in and having like an hour
so yes sir
yeah waiting for this we did it I know
huge shout out to it wasn't it Pinto
kinzo he chatted to Kenzo Kenza I'm
actually gonna London about a week and
half December 2nd have an event there so
ever and I don't know but I'll let you
know you come I'll bring you a nice old
I was also being it's a boxing charity
but does she live in London on Canada oh
she was a kid how to shout out to kids
from Canada thank you nice meeting you
man thank you so much any of you got it
from LA what is there that's really cool
to do what does it have to do that's
question what is there to do was it not
I don't know let us know in the comments
below and we'll see from Doc sorry sorry
man can't allow you and a hundred joking
hey guys what's up this is Adam Sandler
and I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you should be
having amazing day I want to welcome you
guys to my LA apartment welcome come on
in
I'm gonna start with the kitchen here we
have kitchen if you guys think I'm
voguing I'm not joking necessarily
seriously like this is my apartment
the kitchen here most of it Excel to the
death your oven is where we cook
frigerator so don't have nothing in
there yet we might get some I'll cede
I'm going to test my mom and tell her
what's good to put in a refrigerator I
know you guys probably go Adam you move
to LA no I do not move telling just you
know here to show you guys a couple
surprises that we have in a few days
have a lot of big surprises coming
through so make sure you guys stay tuned
with that right here is the chairs sit
down nice when I have a nice romantic
date romantic medium sit down you're
talking so I'm having tea I'm good
you're right it's good let's say
to the limo let's go live in the number
can you take it to the limo right here
is the little lay down take it you love
pictures up watch some TV everyone watch
right there after the little show you
guys the balcony this part it's one of
the most beautiful amazing spots right
it's about really cycling at home this
is the most Israel of mom my favorite
part about you
look how beautiful it is it's close open
24 hours the gym in here is open 24
hours I'm not gonna say it just show
just just look at it and would you just
look at it look we have a board I'm
going to sit down here have another
meeting have a romantic date sit down
here smoke some hookah chill out
this isn't those fun I can't wait to be
filming some videos here alright so this
is one of the rooms it is by this is the
master king bed we lay down relax chill
and now I'm gonna show you guys the bat
this TV you're also TV Rob wants to sit
here lay down it's TV right there
like it look at this bathroom we gotta
sink this madness
yeah well I've never good to a bathroom
this long we just so we got a walk so if
you need to poop sound like that you
need to take extra 10 steps take a poop
so you better hurry up and I don't know
what nozzle showing an operation of this
make sure oh that's last but not least
make sure you guys other room last room
is it take this one here this is a nice
room just in case you go on I hate being
alone so if anyone happen to what here
be over here relax relax
the other bathrooms right there show you
guys and we is here it's a wrap hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go turkey only
give each other to do me and guys thank
you guys so so much
little support we have yeah crazy a lot
of great surprises for you guys in the
next few days so make sure guys stay
tuned with that Tama Huata that doom you
guys made it to the ends of life give it
a thumbs up thumbs up and go Turkey
I'll see you guys soon remember the
number 28 New York City
December 6th box and charity event which
you can be it's gonna be a bigger that
we're going to be facing off me and oz
in the Hollywood sign it's kind of a big
face-off so make sure you guys come to
with that see you guys tomorrow
take care and oh I forgot say hello
please I'm here for you always in flat I
wish you that those teeth then me right
away okay this would choose to say
