I carry me ready I'm gonna move my hand
okay hey guys what's up a dummy gank I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you should be
having an amazing day I am back home in
New York City I missed my home so much
tears in New York City my home is my
home because my family's here yes I do
have an apartment out in LA but I'll be
going there more often but I still do
live here inner city I will never leave
my family I'm stay here I know some of
you guys oh my god you're getting old
you need to get out of here
be your family and be more responsible
stuff like that but it's just like I
have ever I love my family way too much
so like I can't I can't I decided to
just go there a couple times I'll do
some cool videos for you guys like the
apartment vlogs I had I come back here
and always come back and show you guys
the ratchet Adams family you know what
I'm saying so let's get this day started
but before I get this day started I
shouldn't tell you guys that Rima has
chicken pox so she has like that's all
over face I will not be showing Grima I
will not be showing her face and I'm
like that for the next I don't know a
couple weeks I don't even know if she
can be even even being vlogs for the
next month or so so I'm so sorry about
that you probably will just see her body
I just don't want you guys seeing like I
don't know but yeah I hope you guys
understand that chicken pox I don't even
know if I chicken pox is caused or
anything like that
let's go to the next shot of The Addams
Family what's so what and I feel I must
be hydrologic vision how are you what
you buiness good now it's boring you in
the house bored don't we're gonna have
fun today okay what's up Martin let me
see you teeth come on come come over
okay let me look closely I'm not gonna
break it of the cozy is really really
bad you supposed to break your tooth
there's one growing already in the back
you're gonna need braces when you grow
up you know that right
hi guys I really do not know what I'm
doing
hopefully this works out I got you okay
all right I'm sorry I'm about to put you
in pain for a couple seconds I'm sorry I
love you Jenelle okay just know I love
you I'm not doing this for like don't
look right good Mike okay look you know
you know I love you I love you guys what
are you gonna be a life
I swear wall up you're gonna be good
okay you're gonna break it then you're
gonna be alive give me under your pillow
you're gonna be a good okay you ready
for this you sure give me five
guys give me a huge huge thumbs up for
man he's a man right now you got you
sure all right smiler yeah me too I feel
it first let me feel it first you feelin
me feelin for something all right so I
learned how to break like teeth for my
mother we do a hairstyle like just pop
so music Missy no nobody's me feel it do
you feel it go go move me feel I'm not
gonna touching them Breanna all right
guys this what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
take me to my mom and we're gonna bring
him back in a couple minutes ago my mom
is mom is real tough that's why I can't
do it he knows I can't do it son
I fight but guys okay yeah big boy keep
him up big boy mom I'm done it in 30
seconds it's 30 seconds okay you sure
you no mercy Martha will go outside
okay good you sure the big boy now I'm
gonna take you out that's it
you good let's go my goodness mark see
ya
sound breathe ah tell them tell them see
I'm brave I'm brave so I'm not scared
I'm not scared I'm not scared of
anything not only of love on your luck
so yeah buddy yeah buddy
thumbs up for me me pretty good man your
tooth wow this is a suit let's go okay
you know I do I'm gonna put this through
this gap but me see let me see a gap gap
become I need a tooth
what so come on
- I'm so happy - cheesy
the Suprema I didn't we're going right
now to Hampstead Hylas house and after
that my go to Chuck E Cheese I was a
good man for his treat since he broke
his tooth so I'm going to take a Chucky
Cheese okay
then what
so you gonna be rich off breaking teeth
yeah is that your full-time job it is
take 120 on you on you serious how much
you want you have two thousand when you
break your teeth in get more okay okay
is a million dollars yes no such thing
as a million dollars two million three
million dollars ten million the such
thing as a billion dollars it is a
trillion you know it's a trillion after
trillion is quadrillion like you you yes
after quadrillion is I don't know you
got something once after quadrillion
Rima what's after quadrillion what is up
just seeing the homie happens and the
wheels racking the go he's back in
school would they say if you like in
school yes yes let me know the comments
below if you think I should make like
sweaters like these one of you guys to
me Nancy you know W you know what that
says your God read do means say dummies
I thank you they're even ready I wish
but I do miss are do me game you guys
let me know something cool maybe
something like if you're having a busy
day that's gonna too long just so mamaia
Hamza hey you already know he just got
back from school
hey he's chillin right now licking oh
cool yeah you want to Brooklyn right
uh-huh
then go check cheese so we'll see you
soon right so what are you gonna bring
this Augie board then bring it tomorrow
phew well would it be a lesson for our
girls to fit your license yeah I want to
tell you that you need a license for the
swaggy board now yes I don't know what
didn't know that really okay no you're
the best
we're waiting ice cream and it's so cold
huh
I'm not winter came we just popped in to
go say what up to Hamza and it is so
cold out you guys ready for Tiger cheese
yeah let's go yeah
right so he was open but look you have
the whole chuck-e-cheese to ourselves
hey I go today to get something cool to
win a lot of tickets and to win jamadar
and Reva something really really cool so
hopefully that works out they can't win
tickets I'm gonna have to go meet a hero
and try to win them two tickets - ready
sure yeah
I like your confidence it's new to ski
let's go come on you guys let's come on
shut up
come on oh oh come on hey what are you
doing how you just oh ah how you just
gonna cheat like do you want tickets
I'll turn right let's do this
let's go baby
hi partner
see I got you ticket
I scored 66 you matter then go in it you
can't get be 66 show you a spoof
camera
alright guys I had to cut the basketball
game someone stole tickets from Japan
they literally put him down on the floor
took his tickets and ran away what was
this girl who did it anymore to take a
token and she can afford that she push
me back you push the first watch you
push it underneath a sharper I take you
also should take the tickets first then
you push there then what she did
girl legit ran away alright so since the
girls stole your tickets I'm gonna try
to win you these tickets bonus right
here 250 bonus come on yes I'm gonna try
to win it come here come on don't move
come on come to this enough go to the
left Oh in it okay yeah let's go baby
mister don't talk about like it you want
it so coming out look guess what what
happened tell them haven't you got it to
a time yeah buddy 250 toys look how much
tickets me hey so we leave in
chuck-e-cheese likkle one I got these
nice fresh shades and I got a spider
come on got cool balloon
I made a cool ball something that shoots
Rima got a nice bubble machine wow I
love it you guys enjoyed you guys have
fun be very very human hi guys
he just broke another tooth my mom just
broke another tooth he broke the top
tooth so he is gonna be another gap boy
come on get up at Oh be brave come on
get the camera look at see my name is
Gomez my name is Amit and I'm brave I'm
beat I'm not scared of nobody
I was ill nobody let's get it all back
right right top brave like this this Oh
cuz you're being really extra bit okay
okay now look the camera load the camera
say cheese say cheese say my name is gap
boy I was ugly
you look nice woman what I look cute
what I look here I swear well they look
cute everyone can see you look cute
tomorrow when we the comments they're
gonna tell you how cute wanna listen to
cheese you know what you have to break
it your other teeth is broke it was
behind was growing he hasn't had to
break it like as soon as father it was
so loose and behind it was growing like
another tooth or I'll sort of been like
crazy like my mom is like an Arab
dentist she just isn't my mom should
seriously be like a dentist like bring
the kids gone clap clap cut she's so
good I'm so scared I couldn't do it I
couldn't leave her so I'm talking about
your mouth so I'm talking like a mess
so I'm talking that since you get a huge
stuff I'm gonna thumbs up this video for
you I see the pain you went through but
he he got it through handling well say
hamdullah like what Dina does like why
she's gone since we broke your mouse
tooth before they break into the why
she's not scared
let me see look of you you know Dina
didn't break it yeah okay look let me
break it come got up I got it up yeah
Adams family thinning in it thin in it
standing in it thinning in it standing
in it
geez alright guys I'm gonna show you
guys Reema I'm sure you guys her face I
show you her chickenpox
it looks really really bad so yeah you
guys gonna see it come closer
you gonna show your face you're okay to
show your face Wow sit down sit down
come closer move move in a bit but show
your face your macho your face gonna
hurt it okay you're okay you sure you
sure IKEA me ready I'm gonna move my
hand okay yeah how we prank you hi thank
you I make it also luck I want the pink
you Remo wanted to prank you guys so
Rima Frank you guys you wanna go be
Marcin UMC's reaction what's it
let's see how he reacts to your face
okay I'm with you look at you what is it
Lou
and you my nigga
she's right chickenpox whatever you're
late okay like it wasn't you laughing
all right I'll calm down my beard to see
how long it looks for No Shave November
so looks longer than usual but tell me
how's it going it's going good
or no should I shave it should I not let
me know in the comments below I don't
know yet should I keep it continued on
December I shouted shave it once and
because I feel like it's getting too
long but my mom likes it my dad is
telling me to shave it but I don't know
I always go 3-2 I say see you guys tell
me but anyways I'm gonna go and tell you
guys so breaking breaking news New York
City there's a meeting if you guys do
not know November 28th this Saturday at
2:00 p.m. coming up at Times Square at
the Red Stick but there's one thing it
might rain it might rain Saturday so let
me know in the comments below - all my
New York the do me game what do you guys
still come even if it rains a bit or
should I change it to Sunday but I hope
it doesn't rain I'll check the weather
right now set is going to rain but
sometimes it changes so I'll confirm it
with you guys and about a day or two
when the meet and greet it's going to be
Saturday or Sunday at 2:00 p.m. skin -
one of them Saturday or Sunday I will
confirm it with you guys in about a day
or two so give me a day or two and I'm
going to confirm it I'm a beater Marcin
Rhema Slim is going to be the craziest
coolest meet agree so hope you guys come
to turn up with us muscles first meeting
Gris I'm going to be giving away a lot
of cool stuff so come through if you're
around the new york new jersey whatever
area are New York City and I'll be there
other than that it's time to wrap up
this flag hope you all enjoyed this flag
if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey domi gang - all
Mirada that dummies who made it to the
end this boxer seat or my tummy's if you
guys made it to dens flag don't even
give it a thumbs up I just want to tell
you personally thank you so much for
watching my vlogs every single day and I
hope you guys like enjoy and I hope it
brightens up your mood every single day
I always try to give you guys something
every day whether it is like I just have
to I feel
like a must I'm so dedicated and
passionate about the vlogs that doing so
fun I have so much fun with it and I
feel like I have to upload something
every single day for you guys no matter
what as long as I have fun with it so
yes basically I'm Matt I will see you
guys tomorrow
take care of doom again and peace
I love you I'm here for you always in
five I'm sure that those tears let me
wipe them away okay
this would choose to say
