hey guys what's up adieu meeting I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you should be
having an amazing day today I will be
doing never have I ever challenge with
slim and nots and we have a host goes by
the name of Musti who will be choosing
then never have I ever sayings that you
guys chose on Twitter he went on to my
mentions to see what you guys have
tweeted about now hope you guys enjoyed
his challenge this was inspired by Elvan
we should did it with one direction
so hopefully turns out fun and hope for
you guys know more about us so yeah give
it a thumbs up go turkey and enjoy the
challenge video me right
you need to know
career began we are here in LA with Adam
Matt and slim I'm sitting with extremely
squeaky chair and today we're going to
play that never have I ever challenged
now these three lucky contestants have a
card and on one side it says never and
on the other side it says I have and
then telling on the question that I
asked which I picked that from all of
your twitter twitter questions they will
have to say I have done this or I've
never done this that was the wrong way
around there is only one route to this
game and that is absolutely no lie I'm
Sam lime understand yes oh my who know
our to another month by the way my chair
extremely squeaky so please try and
ignore it first question have you ever
picked your nose and then eaten the
booger all of you guys be sure it at the
same time three two one
you've never done it you never pick your
Vietnam oh we got a bit even as a
beautiful you've never picked your nose
ice cream on board Kuzma ha which is on
the good food as you're hungry to eat
it's like money no disrespect to Sam's
mom I'm sure cookies amazed never have I
ever had a crush on a fan three two one
ignition Elizabeth down never mess with
massive slim so you're saying you've
never had a crush on any of your gang
the fun's consecutive about you don't
forget yeah okay even though I had a
crush on a fan no I think I have
honestly what about you laughs how do
you always when you had a crush on the
fan admitted at once video you have a
lot of like we're going to get names
today fans didn't really next question
never have I ever
haven't had a shower for three days
wait yeah so you all have never had a
shower for three a little bit opposite
and a confusing question to a holding
that owns let me know if you have oh I
lived in Yemen yeah no I don't like
sometimes the water do be no water at
all so like I would take in the whole of
Yemen there was no rules no in my house
there'll be no water so I'm gonna shower
please I don't know what you guys to
love me I just like I was mad lazy I
didn't use my clothes another girl who I
set a record six week was this week's
mad time of these days my father
I'll do ya four days so together we're
gonna take it to a serious level right
now
never have I ever questioned parts of my
religion damn let's go a controversial
answer your question no I mean like I've
put what I questioned I questioned
sometimes I think to myself but then
I'll just crush I I go forever for
answers
yeah so that's why one question I look
for answered I hit up shapes everything
like just I mean I'm saying like you
can't just question and not do nothing
about it yeah that's like false religion
yeah
I'm going to really show on the music
like when I question I will ever enter
and then they always make sense that's
why no we stick with it never have I
ever licked someone so Adam show how did
one perfect it every day before the turn
with something else in it not obviously
and she thought what would you so matter
to the guy the one he's so mean cuz this
is that chick off the sock you get
peeping in the face with a sock in doing
your Kate or if you keep one in the face
with his own yes I was in front of him
so he kept kicking me yeah and I took
the sock and I threw it somewhere in the
bin so you've got advantage by the
keenest oh no the other vendors see this
tall enough I just lick that Bobby's
finger did it taste yeah listen
was it everybody
man tastes like cherries this tastes
good okay another sort of serious one
this one was the one that you guys asked
me most there were like five thousand
tweets that asked this never have I ever
had a girlfriend
three two one I'm completely get it
damn we're gonna go to my people want to
know about know when did you break up
wait in high school isolate that date
before I had a gopher wasn't really like
a serious relationship
yes I was really like just like a normal
like boyfriend Kitty childish
relationship what was it in like what
happened my holding hands or was it like
oh it was like like holding hands like
going on myspace like oh my god you're
amazing you're beautiful so cheesy I
shine the stars and scalp all right the
next one then when did you have you oh
oh god man
yeah my first cup I was in old school I
was in sixth grade I didn't girl all
this was in seventh grade and I killed
he was in German you didn't bubbles
y'all it was both
that's a negative this is why we should
put bubbles do you have you had the same
personality as a step never have I ever
cock-block a friend you know I'm the
best wingman ever in world recitative
well yeah laughs I can't like the front
my purpose from you come on me I did
good
what I like that he's my boyfriend self
because I like the first
I'm sure we were learning a lot of new
things about Adam nothing sleep oh my
god okay we're gonna take you to a daddy
level again never have I ever won
someone else's underwear
oh no I hope you think of it yeah I
think I don't know I did before my
brother's never have I ever seen each
other naked and each other knees these
three have you ever seen the other two
naked oh yes one of the other people
time no the thing is they're laughing
but they all enjoy it they will read
each other remember when you are famous
today I'm pleased to show me a woody
what was really sometimes like to travel
with us we're just comfortable to do
weird stuff just say like hey yeah yeah
really stupid
this one this one had you talking on
Twitter really well
never have I ever smoked weed this is I
think everything on this listeners
should never okay we're going to dwell
on this one so you're telling me you've
never smoked marijuana
no huh I'm very funny about stuff that
yeah yeah yeah that's what she
directional so when YouTube badasses
have smokes man I'm Julie I love say I'm
going back to the girlfriend these I
just do really see yourself I've tried
it before when I was around 15 years old
I tried it and then I got really
paranoid I started crying and I found
out like why do people do it to go this
is pointless and I never did ever again
like so then I did it was like I think I
look like a bunch of like booboo kids
and if I kill man that is thank you so
fun now I see hi and tell you what were
you high you know what if you could see
me hi
everybody's got a blogspot you share
every year this is book mention that
every picture I take you high yo
Pelisson those careers go never have I
ever cried over it yeah yeah yeah that's
why they've been listening to Adele for
$3 your day you cut me bet blah awesome
I was in a very low relationship yeah
and it broke bro girl I'm upset yeah I
cried too
I cry seven-member I'm going you Christ
you Adam I'm at ago you broke up with he
got to me and I have to like I had to be
like ask me w I thought about it you got
me it's all good
I'll be up to my friends okay and it
like right is like the waste card is
actually sold like it's so funny good
what can you give us a hit somebody no
omigod I'm a pawn shop and we don't
chill that I'm here go down the Tokra
flip flip chip but then after a while
you come down but like Massimo maybe you
go crazy he gets angry
yeah and he look really good some
children's no reason to be like that
yeah
be happy and if you have an amazing day
Ashley okay you guys know you got you
too
I try to loop you guys wants to really
close i package
I cried you've left something awful this
is a sort of sad question a good one to
end on I guess never have I ever thought
of quitting YouTube
I don't know me - I love you - it's me
yeah okay
what's the best thing about YouTube
what's the best time you can do up or
whatever you want in the site yeah no I
mean you you will get people which I do
talk how to control you but still you
can sell over everyone yeah exactly
no no no I love the community the whole
community and everything about it it's
just like amazing yeah seriously
choose any other peeps on it they're so
cool bro on today you have you have to
imagine eating your Instagram Twitter I
spent the last week with these guys he's
a youtuber either youtuber but the
person who uses their phone and social
media the most and I mean 23 hours a day
seven days a week is mad man and
medicine verified no but that was cool
well those were I hope a lot of your
questions answered I - in some of my
questions as well that wraps it up for
the never have I ever challenged tune in
next week for another video I hope from
Adam I'll be gone but it was nice
spending time with you do me gang thank
you and peace thank you guys so much and
they're comfortable hopefully next time
soon we'll have another Musti show up
doing some something let us notice how
much flow what kind of challenge you
guys what Stewart this gives you good
we'll see you guys tomorrow
yeah it's the mother Debbie bye take
care earn push like
I'm here for you always a feather
I'm strapped full Ted let me wipe them
away okay this would choose a say
