right here right here
hey guys what's up or do me gang welcome
to my new la home right here it's so
beautiful I'm loving it right now I say
if I'm having trouble
forgot to tell you guys but I'm having
an amazing amazing day so if I'm having
maze day you guys should be having crazy
positive day and I really hope you guys
smile and have a positive day that's you
let me drive hi guys
people think I can't drive like this
because I don't have my license I'll
show you guys
dude a lot of them and I do drive
illegally sometimes
the weather here in LA is so hot it
feels like it's a hundred two hundred
degrees right now it's about twelve
o'clock in the afternoon which is really
three o'clock we're about to go get some
breakfast the whole meal and must you
see what up what's that was good you I
hate homie from UK right London you from
London slips it what up yeah how is good
so it's been crazy we were did not see
what that well not much Scottish outfit
you don't a Scottish outfit might have a
little faceoff look later so try not to
knock you out why is Ashley wearing a
jumper though I don't know yeah no well
suppose I don't know what that's all
read this or not understand this it's
really hot like it's so so hot I'll make
it again I feel like even hotter it's
simple to go vehicle to low like a first
I what's it called
eggs nuts I put the place called
excellent just a weird really weird name
this is a breakfast place we're going to
hey looks so nice
you want to love it and you want to
study idiot - sluts I like that this
place is so beautiful I don't know why
but I'm falling in love at least you
guys I don't know I fall in love with LA
like a lot it's a nice chill spot I've
got some are Jews that's a good coming
so it's a nice relaxed hopefully notice
you guys know some surprises coming to
look at this water bottle this is a
yeah it's like milf like the school milk
but I don't know if you guys have in UK
but in America we have these school milk
we're like it looks like that like
school corn burger yeah
hi guys so my hot spot won't be a Wi-Fi
finish on my phone and I've been using
it for vlogs not amusing it's from UK
and he's white but now he has no Wi-Fi
and he's literally going crazy like he's
going insane
what are you suffering from I need Wi-Fi
Wi-Fi syndrome this man she could turn
that time of these Wi-Fi syndrome
well don't focus on Wi-Fi focus on the
fight that were having and I've taken
two by five we have can you give me a
wife for fucksakes winter hippies my mom
have you got any much fun
yeah two minutes a serious but this guy
got a why don't give me a weapon are
they finish the finish
can I use it you're that guy so see man
have five money SP government to see
where nice in America man nice in
America sorry sometimes yeah what is
dude is legit as gonna alright so we
just got up to the mountains my first
time ever going up to the Hollywood spot
in the daytime last time when the last
time we went during the night times my
first time going through the day
look how crazy this view is so beautiful
what a beautiful view look at this
I don't know if you guys any how many
people it looks like thirty sumata and
then yeah many people know let me know
in the comments below
Lydia so Matt alright I'm alright hey
another hose weak yet I don't know about
see the house services Oh relax I'm over
higher I'm talking about
that's crazy I could see a little bit
below your left alright so we just got
to a better spot show the Hollywood sign
I really want you guys to see it I was
not from LA or anything I really what
you guys see it a lot I want to put in a
block so we traveled all the way up here
to do this let's go there Hollywood come
up beautiful row right now we are going
to but if tomorrow nah see no study
Samara no slim they don't study if
somebody please tell me about that it's
not like the street of SMAW
are you serious well but I think it's
sweet right you know what Teresa matter
oh my god oh sure how many Ronnie's no
are you sure yes oh yeah I know
the malian but like it's like a highway
like like looks like this right stick
like this an idea
all right guys once again we came to the
bestest spot of Hollywood right now
finally this is it
over here that is sick it's a serious
serious mask on December 6 we're gonna
act that bull no joke
that's what you're gonna be saying don't
be saying sorry it's gone dun dun dun
don't trust me done Adam don't man cuz I
gotta be trying
no I'm turned it off and looking for
don't see I just want to see if I can go
down there hi guys right now at the
Hollywood Walk of Fame weirdest thing
just happened when we're in LA One
Direction is in Le right you add our
sugar
your doctor
five - no I'm not ashamed to say are you
done
guess not yes gave me doing that
are you sure about Justin be more like
why can't you like both I like both
why can't you like both I love just am I
the only one that loves Justin Bieber in
one direction together it's crazy it's
right no I'm not the only one let me
know
I love one direction so so much I love
them so much I love one direction that's
it so me and slim got these airbrush
tattoos cuz who is so bored like know
what let's try something we can get
tattoos does it get these little
airbrush edges I got wings I'm not a
much as I do not know wife i guy so it's
time to wrap up this well I hope you
guys all enjoy this life you did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey to all my rotten I do Me's if you
made it to ends blog make sure you give
it a thumbs up and let me know if you
did make it to them like video so if you
did give it a thumbs up and come Turkey
thank you guys so so much I'm so sorry
that this flag was kind of short the
next few days of the vlogs will not be
sure I would like as much like candy
thing is we're filming some main Channel
videos for you guys so we try to film as
much like travel as much videos in LA so
I can meet different ones while filming
in New York or like London so we're
gonna film in LA something cool for you
guys so hopefully and then maybe a week
or so have a main channel video or some
challenges which is that we're thinking
about doing a cooking challenge means to
learn more like a lot of cool stuff
covered so hope you guys don't mind this
show block because we were doing other
stuff that will be really soon I hope
you guys know what I mean so ya know
guys so do give it a thumbs up I want to
say a huge huge shout out to you guys do
me gang for every single one of you see
you guys humbling me so much you guys
always tell me oh I'm proud of you out
of seriously a memorable you had 3000
followers now you're verifying with this
much of this and that just see it's not
it's not even about followers having
that amount of followers or however much
follows you have is about like seeing
you guys been that being there from the
beginning even though you guys are
started being there from like last week
still see you guys being there for that
week or whatever so showing about all
the support truly means the world to me
so thank you guys so so much for the
bottom my heart I got verified on
Twitter and I know for me it was even a
big deal anymore because just knowing
that the check is just a blue check but
slim is looking at you right I know what
it's just a blue shit is just the blue
check this is not just I don't know I
just feel like just a regular blue check
it doesn't make anyone better than
anyone just because you have that
which I so trust me that blue check
don't mean shit doing shit I want to
give you chat up to my team to my PR
team especially to the whole mean Ozzy
seriously worked so hard he wrote essays
not as well essays to Twitter to trying
to get me like verified just I never
know who's that smart like like I never
doing it that's more like what the heck
but still even though you help me out
with this mess I'm still gonna knock you
out December 6 but since you guys know
so joke's on us
thank you so much I appreciate it it's
my home team answer my PR team yogurt
top media thank you guys so so much for
all your support and everything and
truly appreciate this world I appreciate
every single you got any huge shout out
to the homies them for just being there
just helping me out on these Obama side
makes me smile to think on wrong
clapping yeah I'm Barry Bonds what I'm
what happy ideas long as I still like
don't like it's just a check pump I
swear it's not just just don't try that
it's not just just a check it's a blue
check with some white line yeah blue
color yeah way other than that I just
want to thank you guys so so much and I
just feel so happy and motivated right
now so we're gonna be coming with a lot
of you I was saying before we do a lot
of challenge videos a lot of new videos
for you guys coming soon so hope you
guys are ready for that stay tuned the
do me guy take care and peace
hello hey
always a feather comes redbull tooth
