hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
a amazing day you should be having me
and if I'm having an amazing day maybe
not right now I am heading to the boxing
gym because I can't take this anymore
like I need to have some fun this fight
that I'm having few guys do not know
December sick I'm having a boxing match
in December 6 so I decided to go have
little train and have some fun entertain
you guys in the vlogs
show you guys I don't really show my
boxing skills much in the vlogs as I did
before so I'm gonna show more of it now
wow look at this amazing view I never
really even made this I didn't know what
it was a bit like a dinosaur thank you
but this is where the World Trade Center
was at where the twin towers were right
here I think they're rebuilding
something for memorial here but it looks
really beautiful
your drink
raining
Oh slice
more slate
in essence it's 400 you crazy mother
broke my hand with that one
let's go champ let's go champ
work dedication hard work dedication
hard work dedication
I think this is the hardest I've ever
trained it's so crazy
like I'm having training to fight nas
and look like I'm trying to myself to
have a good practice and I'll say
I know how you fight I know no lies like
I can see it in your your eyes you're
not a fighter man
without later
give me a fun nice match I'm ready to
keep going let's do this guy's oh yeah
yeah I'm here Tommy obviously without a
stop good we just are harmful to me game
well I like that over the way we just
had a little I'm a shallow catch up
because he's leaving one leave into
India I'm leaving on Tuesday
he's leaving Tuesday to India for two
weeks I don't always leaves me and he
doesn't let me know and I don't want my
fans and I'm like what y'all like don't
worry about me nothing wrong I gotcha
I'm leaving to LA tomorrow bout me back
from about coming back he's gonna be
going yeah to India but I'm back with
nothing in the link-up yeah chill out
but a homey right here so you already
seen his dance tunes by the way you know
I think P kill y'all ghost we have to
about we're gonna head back to buy the
arson in Long Island so it's gonna be
Craig Craig you know I'm sayin so we'll
see how it goes right now it's cold
we're gonna head back home yeah Judas
gotcha please so I just got home guys
and the weirdest thing just happened so
if you guys do not know I always use
uber right so I always use uber so I
took an uber in Washington DC
it was literally like a ten minute drive
it was like from the hotel to a
restaurant that means them took and I
just checked right now you know into
check that it shows up like in price I
mean like I'm not trying to sound cheap
or not like that because I'm not cheap
at all nothing but it was a ten minute
drive and the uber driver charged me two
hundred and seventeen dollars look last
time I took a ten minute drive it was
like ten fifteen dollars it was never to
like uber hello are you watching over
two hundred and seventeen dollars like
what the heck that's who here I don't
know that's really really weird but yeah
if you guys can maybe tweet out to over
set the tweets over and tell them that
they charged me two hundred seventeen
dollars for I'm probably gonna tweet
them too so if you guys can just tweet
them and let them know the issue because
that's really weird
I'm a good customer I use it literally
like every day I'm a really loyal
customer to them and when I seen that
broke my heart I'm like yo like why are
you trying to steal my money like why
are you trying to do that but that's
just that's just weird I was really
really no I'm sure how much she had
though she's really worried well I'm
done finished my workout today it was an
amazing amazing workout hope you guys
enjoy this flag if you guys did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey to all Mirada that do me give
this vlog a thumbs up if you made it to
the end it was a crazy workout but I'm
feeling I'm back in shape I'm back on my
grind I'm back in my you know just
fighting mode just I don't know just I'm
a lovable I'm also like a huge fight if
you guys do not know I'm like one of my
passions where my passion is boxing like
I love boxing uh it's it's an art it's a
science boxing is not just fighting and
hurting people as to art as a science I
have an event cember sick it's a boxing
match charity for a charity event and
yeah I want you guys to come out show
your love and support
well actually I think sold out but if
you guys can to still come out and try
to meet you around but yeah the weigh-in
is a day before it is gonna be like a
legit way and stuff like that so you
guys will see me you know in shape
winning and stuff like that it's gonna
be in neon Lounge UK around 2 p.m. and
there'll be no though there won't be any
like hookah or nothing there's all
completely gone just for the way and so
it's gonna be like a weigh-in
everyone is welcome it's open to the
public at all ages no ticket you just
show up for the win so if you guys want
to come for the weigh-in the reason why
we did that event because we sold out
for the for the boxing match so we
decided to make a weigh-in for you guys
so if you guys want to come through
make sure you guys come to come through
I know you got things to do a but yeah
if you guys want to come out show love
you see they're November 28th November
28th is NYC mean agree at times square 2
p.m. Saturday make sure you guys come
too and so I wanna see home but I cannot
wait to see you guys muscles gonna be
there
rimas gonna be there Sims gonna be there
I'm beater
um so it should be cool should be fun I
got a pack because I leave it to LA in
about 4 or 5 hours so I'm going
go pack and then I'll see you guys in LA
do me again
take care and I'll see you guys tomorrow
peace
I love you I'm here for you always a
favor promise you that those tears let
me write them away okay
this would choose to say
