you steal it right here right here
hey guys what's up or do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so Pam have an
amazing day you should be having an
amazing day - laughs I'm having amazing
actually I haven't really dated as word
I was worried you know what I'm saying
yeah it's we did not start of like late
it's like 5:30 p.m. just gets dark
really early now so it looks like it's
late as I look
New York City's dark dark out here you
know what I'm saying we are in B&H right
now look at me Know Who I am let me
specify best eye right now be nature's
close finish is always close but I gotta
look for a new black camera view and I
have McGowan but I've been blogging with
my main camera the past couple days so
that's why if you guys noticed the flags
have been really good HD because I've
been flying with other Kim hopefully
looking for the chemistry excuse me
where's the camera section
thank you well sadly clear that's
exactly what I got three g's yeah I'll
be blogging with this one hey wassup
guys Oh which I am you should be having
a great day too but you are how can you
say like oh yeah
hey guys a brand new day today that's
what he said anyway everything so he
says in the Flies like this also I just
hey guys the bringing new day today so
oh it's better than just know about what
is that if you're having a great day
yes obviously it's obviously a brand new
venture is it might not but it just like
wakes me up and see like some brand new
day today like no up like it
spreads positivity family so how do I
hope you are having a great day I'm if
I'm not happy not having a great day so
you still be still should have a great
day even if I'm having a bad day you
still should be having an amazing name
because you don't want to spend
negativity to positivity you want to
spread positivity even with every
situation and I'm saying it's so much
for the brains comprehend boss uh uh I'm
gonna notice it but you Adam let me
borrow his hat like a year ago
you're not serious actually never know
hearing but you never borrowed it back
so I think I said we had I think it's
mine huh other promoted oh you guys do
not know I'm gonna tell you guys a fun
fact well a cool fact my mom and his mom
have the same name that's one of the
facts
it's a second fact this my mom and his
mom like they were they were chilling
today they were hanging out today and me
and slim I hope our moms are watches but
we slipped don't want them to children
we don't because like then we we can't
get away with like I'm gonna go sleep
over some house and something's gonna
sleep off my house another excuses but I
know this excuse it's like good what I
feel like sometimes where our girls like
you know
yeah sleeping over slim is house he's
like no super Adams office then you end
up just chillin somewhere else out of
the city so our moms were hanging out
today and it seems like they're turning
to besties
because mom was talking he's the let it
be careful roll we gotta be careful
now that our moms hang out with a choke
we need to find a way to Everett Adams
in my house and my mom gave him like a
30-minute lecture I don't like it stupid
all-time view and I've seen Adams so
seriously like like he was like messy in
home came a 30 minute lecture well
because about charmingly boyish it it's
about respect you know like when he goes
when his mommy that's how he was painted
your face was so fun I swear to God I
know you're like matrix yeah cuz we
roses would laugh on your mom is saying
yeah I was doing a little side I'm
serving you well I can't do that but
Cersei I'm mom singing out you guys get
to tell us if it comes or what what
should we do to try to escape that we're
gonna do I'm gonna pretty cool down
along with a bit about what do you think
your mom's alright this is ringing
Benefield stealing stealing he steal it
he steal it
what is it was that mean this is why we
can't get a black Cameron from this man
because what I press on this my became
in a my camera from best man
I'm going to be an age that's it I'm
going to be nature season I have a
joking look first of all my camera does
even open this open and it's really good
I don't know but it doesn't turn on it
doesn't turn out so I can see the
quality of it I don't know I sling it
again I'm sorry
so we left Best Buy because I'm not
going there that's it I'm going to be an
H no more best man the cameras let me
turn out so I came to see the quality of
it I came here to this campus or to get
some chocolate sampling
Oh
what I get a chatter nothing we just
blog a lot
we blog well I your diary Touche thank
you let's take this boomers and talents
in next level and yeah giant bean
boozled challenge you you buggin boy I
would never do that
yeah can you mr. live knows where
everybody's doing the big beautiful
everything is bigger in New York look at
the Twix look at the KitKat South kiss
kisses that's crazy
all right so we just left this candy
store we got some candy and stuff and
then this lady we're buying and she's
like oh do you want to donate a dollar
they were like all right some check out
a dollar someone's money I can't say no
to that bro they click on the spot
alright son was doing he's about donate
and then I was like hold up wait what
are we donating to and then the ladies
are you donating to the u.s. troops then
I'm like hold up why we donated to US
troops aren't they the ones in the
Middle East fighting all these people
shoes I care but that's the government
making them go their service so I'm like
why isn't the government donates and why
do we have it don't let omega oils you
know and it was a really I said all
you bro I know I see you say to him you
wanna I know but because it's gonna be
my Delaware anyways yeah smart yes what
really that does
exactly it's not like what's being rude
or like assholes I have like them it's
just just like yeah I just feel like
it's not right give us a like our
thoughts gonna be like breast cancer
something like breast cancer buff I
think I am here with the one and only
Deena we're looking back give me five
she's scared of a shadow a shadow goes
in the back so she's scared I'm a smokey
for a while so today I'm gonna just keep
you just you today's vlog is dedicated
to you what happened
Deena's at the age right now where like
I gotta teach her how to talk word my
word like how Remo was didn't say I love
she says my name at night you might open
if you missed a candy we got we got some
pretzels got chocolate pretzels and
vanilla pretzels which ones do you guys
like mid-ocean which one you like I like
the chocolate one so I'll eat this one
and you eat that one okay you guys eat
this one go eat it Oh hmm gray baby's
crying what was he doing huh you know
yeah yeah I miss grandma she wants to
leave to go um why do you hate me so
much
he won watching my bags even know what
makes Tina be quiet like she literally
watches like my vlogs 24/7 I think she
shoe in the Hat yuxuan the guilt she
seriously the biggest do me Dina is the
biggest do me
hi guys I just want to show you guys why
my beard looked so huge the other day so
if you guys do not know I'm doing No
Shave November so I'm not gonna shave my
beard today and then maybe somebody got
somebody to trim it somebody got
somebody cut it something got something
to grow it let me know the comments mode
but after I do this let me know it
comfortable after I do this because I
can make even longer on I comb it this
way so yeah like so weird is it ready
set go
mMmmm
mmm oh wait wait wait wait I'm not
doing all right I need I need it out a
little bit like this should I shave it
should I keep it
I'm thinking my shaving I don't know you
tell me swagging also down the tough I
look hard you know what I'm saying
what's up
she boy Adam tough out here you know
nobody mess with me when I got to bear
down - no no I don't know you totally
should I keep it
yeah leave it I don't know all right
guys I'm gonna be ending the vlog like
this I'm sorry duh yeah I get it anybody
like this I shouldn't tell you guys
thank you so so much for loving support
on my dad's prank that I'd done and it's
so crazy my dad akio it to me it's like
Adam what did you do what did you do
everyone is telling about the phone come
like that a pretty girl of you I haven't
told because I'm scared to prank my dad
because when I'm I'm really scared to
bring my dad and I never told him about
this Adele prank but I ended up telling
him and he ended up being really cool
about it because a lot of people have
been given a lot of love even outside in
the street even a lot of his friends a
lot of my uncles have been given so much
love and it's so crazy so huge shoutout
to my dad for making this go viral
worldwide the crazy thing is I thought
of his idea on the spot like I was just
laying down and I seen a lot of you guys
prank calling my dad and then I was like
you know what since you had to pick up
on that let me just pray call my dad
using Adele because I was listening to
Adele at the time and I seen my dad
getting pretty cold so technically a do
me yank you guys gave me this genius
idea to prank on my dad using Adele so I
said you know what let me just do it let
me film it why that is gullible my dad
doesn't know who adele is he doesn't
know that song so it might work out I
did it and now like Pung like it's
literally everywhere it's like the whole
world my dad said he watched and he
enjoyed it so he shout-out to my dad
huge thumbs up tall my dad knew me she
made it to the end of this vlog make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey I have a couple surprises for you
guys if you guys do not I'm going to LA
November 18 to remember 22nd if it works
out well I'm gonna be meeting some
youtubers that you guys know of in LA
and I'm gonna be meeting some youtubers
in NYC that you guys know of just just a
little surprise on the same but
hopefully she'll all works out I don't
want to hype it up and just like
man it's not gonna happen but something
cool my happy know some big youtubers
that you guys know if you guys enjoyed
that I enjoy personally so hopefully
also that great I'll see you guys
tomorrow
I love you guys take care and peace I
love you have for you always a fab
promise you that fools
Ted let me write them away okay
this would choose to say
