right here right here
hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm hasn't I don't know who's calling me
read numbers economy I'm not gonna show
hustlers calling me I hope y'all having
an amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having amazing day
you should be having amaze me this is
like my daily routine I wake up I go
meet up with slim and pick him up near
his college at City College see what up
and I was good then after that we just
go straight to the city and we see what
the day goes on from there whatever
happens happens we get ourselves into
like a lot of situations and like so
much drama so much that drama but like
so much situations and weird stuff I
feel like MTV should give us like a show
I appreciate that man for you know
chilled oh you know I know that's
because I've been out white that's why
we can get a job just that's why he
could be in the Arab Snooki I'll be
JWoww a semi-sweetheart right so yeah
punch though I know but obviously lucky
says she's a short one you meet Jo yeah
and there's amazing is ha ha
they're big tits so we got off the
Hoover because there's so much traffic
like this traffic for no reason
obviously look
it's so annoying 24/7 gosh some people
need to leave New York and let sick go
to another state where there isn't much
people like I don't know but there's
just so much traffic you people need to
calm down
this is why I do not want to get a car
and drive leave this look at the 7 hi
doggie you know is it a boy or a girl I
have no idea I don't know can you check
in there if it's a boy or girl oh yeah
I'm gonna check all of those ok yeah
that dog gets all the ladies are minor
what can you pet me like that
would it make you really happy yeah well
I got jealous at a dog
you didn't show as much love as you did
to the dog
but you're gonna get to know the dog
though we laughing it you wanna know
what's funnier turn around its around
we're gonna be clumsy fuck your book
bags open but close yeah
I can imagine you might walk out the
whole school like the whole day with
that yeah I should meet some we're
looking for a place to go eat but we
don't know where to go be here in New
York City because we ate everywhere in
New York City that we can't choose it
decide so you guys let us know anybody
from New York City let us know a cool
place to go be maybe somewhere in
Brooklyn maybe somewhere Queens maybe
somewhere out of like New York State's
we're always eating in the city so maybe
our hovers up I'm really picky eater so
you know
I used to be for the David Letterman
Show when I went there to see one
direction
and now it's like Steve Steven Cobert so
I'm gonna mess around the audience to
say is just in view here like it look
how mad they get one ask you some you
family you guys you guys going oh shit
seems like you take it on window just
leave
sorry I got a free ticket to go see
Justin Bieber Justin Bieber is a
alright so we got some cool milkshakes
over here you got white chocolate
cookies and cream with a cherry on top
alright I'm going to taste a milkshake
let me tell you guys one to ten how it
is
so thick does it mean tastes like a
milkshake just like ice cream 7:45 taste
good but tastes like ice cream I like it
more milk
you know same milk how's your sis right
wait Gingka nahi yep
no it's property but in a white leg
what the hell you like
is it like ice cream or milky ice cream
right yeah I don't like ice cream Valley
it's not like a milky milk shake my ice
cream shake
I feel like sometimes the ambulance just
do that about purvis to get away because
I saw them the siren was an honor and
the light after that they see this
traffic they threw it on
why did you stick in a minute
are they fairy here we come
some you ready like how many people on
the phones watch this one
click around everyone's unfallen for
magazine cool
it was on the phone this is crazy
very much Marvin its brainwash of you it
Matt been watching our doors on the
front
no what do you do okay so we just got to
stay tuned Halen stand out into garbage
on
like
homies you know this year beat him up
eating much nothing I like Santa's quiet
but it's like I don't like
we move to sign out
2016 well I've just got to Staten Island
Mall going to Macy's might do a little
shopping we're gonna go shop in
somewhere in the city or Brooklyn but I
know what we're always in a city let's
go to different place just ran there we
just and we just said I said it I
because I just agreed because I'm
adventurous I'm like you know what is
just go I like doing adventurous kind of
thing just leaving him just to random
stuff I hate being in the same place
I gotta go some else the next and me I'm
just down for whatever he literally like
what about some reason yeah we out
that's all I got suddenly I could tell
him Bo we out to a robbery a nap-nap
that down Rosa
you loaded everything I'm settle
yourself with it if I tell Samuel let's
go beat that dude up for his mess with
us he'll go play I let's go do now we do
later which I that's all about he's
always done you know luckily I'm Solomon
Devo go jump off the bridge go via have
you go first okay are you gonna say I'm
down with it Macy yeah always
I so me some are gonna do a challenge
right CDs CDs mannequins here right
there these to me something gonna go
around the whole Macy store choose one
which one of you alright some is that as
soon as that one time that one he has to
go look around for this outfit and wear
it nap look for that outfit and where
I'm gonna take a picture here and
hopefully we can get right let's do this
ready yeah ready for but is it now
actually liking this sweater right Haley
Banks County line
okay up on the pants what do we do
it's so slow I did not even know they
had all this inside out of all I kept
thinking Macy's is just the only part of
it like this whole thing Sarah Connor
will be left horrible horrible : blood
cool Newman is if the heart of the ago
and then when my daughter Katya with
Lucia retarded head oh I didn't know and
uh I don't like to get involved into
like oh yeah politics and stuff but I
know Carla will fill your car of it
Surya Yemen will it be a hidden open the
game in enough so McAfee ha ha my family
will do Danny
yeah yeah I had this Garofalo they were
I'm gonna crumble
we just got to this cool spot in Staten
Island chumming for a bit and yeah our
uber driver was like crazy like we'll
look at all our familes and then once we
told him what a month at we're arab what
is that do you order it why because this
is pineapple juice I gotta find out what
that and then I yes right why you just
gotta be basic why you gotta be a basic
kid bro I feel like this really get this
the ask company I didn't know is gonna
come like that I just got pineapple
juice but what the hell bet it's like me
steady thanks to you
hey what the hell did that Wow the
worker came to us like he had likes
accented and he was speaking someone
else and then he was like uh I don't
know but what the hell that
Brow's diverse limb will happen so that
we could hold macaws like why you
laughing my life and then we kept like
choosing something in many were like let
me get then I looked I was like what the
hell is that nothing he kind of figured
out like but so much on you oh yeah
probably we don't know the way back home
our phones are completely dead both of
our phones his phone just died right now
and my phone's been dead like it's
completely that we do not know how we're
going on we do not know how we're
getting an uber I need to go we are
talking about very prescient one of our
people's houses over here probably yeah
we're gonna crash in someone to let us
know if you'll ever sat on the crash
movie houses the links panel because
keeps me
only fits
sexy please do sexy space
two recessions
good excited face I'm taking a shit face
alright guys so it's time to wrap up
this vlog hope you all enjoyed this
flight for did you made it to end this
vlog so i'm a ridah dad UMI's make sure
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey thank
you guys so so much for your love and
support and tuinstra I'm wearing your
hat I'm gonna give it away first thing
tomorrow morning I finally got your DM
tomorrow I will be visiting a fan in
their house so it should be a cool vlog
and then after that we are heading to
the New York's the New York Knicks game
and after at DC then after have a week
and after that LA and after that
something else so yeah keep you guys
updated with that I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another daily vlog take
care of do me gang and peace I love you
miss you
always a feather promise you that
bullshit let me wipe em away
I know okay this what you say
