yeah TMZ people so I gotta TMZ yo yo
when's it comes us where Bo you tell
them something Bo's me right here
hey guys what's up do me gang I hope you
have an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so I'm having the best
day
you should have admit there she's
smelling yeah she's
and I'm having an amazing day yeah
Chipotle right now waiting online I
don't know what you guys get who do you
get boy pretty good
I don't like riddles I always get the
rice somebody go talking to Sarang
I'm uh
I really go to Chipotle that but I'm
just going to slim madly wants to go to
Chipotle is my life but I made meet him
wait in a line back there too so I
wanted to get dragon you know I was
created to be so fast to go crazy so
obvious I'm so polite can I get a little
bit of cheese some of our way sauce I'm
sorry I'm sorry
it's guacamole is what I got a P extra I
got a banjo gotta be extra guac you have
it
what I just a little bit of AI so right
now we're going to Sochi we see what was
it today
well I see you yeah plugs it up so we
heard real simmered that Selena Gomez
kendall Jenner and Zayn Malik are in New
York City today uh-huh and that is
Victoria's Secret Show in NYC and
coincidentally we're next to where they
and I would like it just happened by
accident like we were just random like
next week so yes we do not like a beware
of that we did not do that we never we
randomly so we're gonna go and see if we
can find I was gonna try five there's my
little ones already here
try to kidnap them you know understand
we try to get try to grab kendo silly
like same off the neck and take that
really put make sure they're in a block
you guys will not believe how much are
the tickets for the Victoria's Secret
Show and for the after-party it costs
$17,000 for one not they're not coming
for one ticket we're going to go
sixth house businesses to get up because
$17,000 for one freaking ticket but for
that ticket you'll get to go to the
Victoria's Secret Show you get to go to
the after-party party with a party to
Selena party with Kendall and me explain
we're like thinking about like should we
do it $17,000 each we're so close to
doing it then I'm tired not like you
know what we are banking on I think
yeah this is it guys look at this he's
all paparazzi paparazzi right there I'm
so mad I really hope they at least take
pictures with us cuz there's a lot of
paparazzi paparazzi always ruining us
fans it's messed up updater morning papi
we here for we're here for saying it's
alright now put in your book I don't
know I don't see why he just here for
light
yeah come on man you know rude of us we
trying to meet Zane and Selena Oh what
Salinas country operator says Gomez
where she sorry Selena Gomez yeah but so
her she's out there why you trying to
lie to me water I feel like why you
always lying oh my god
stop freaking fine yeah I said we just
met the additional home right here works
with the Victoria Secret bathtub and he
stuff we're trying to get to be
attainable he got the whole schedule say
Molly what is it so tell her how he's
taking his own car today
so who say a name like you take it
wasn't it his name is right all right as
crazy right there's aunt Molly to take
in his own car here was a lot of tennis
but he knows us so he's told us we're so
excited he says Damon's car he's driving
his own car today
they're gonna be around here literally
round here in a couple minutes or a
couple hours and
need some like finger hopefully till
that great we'll see how we that's how
people I mean that's role flashbacks two
years ago but I know three years ago
meeting him
we waited so long for their actually
three in front of the hotel like three
have nobody knows and then we went to
the back yeah and they went to the back
and then we man from the front we went
to the back and then we met we met the
drummers then we came to the front and
everyone met the homeownership they
loved it there she's the guy from TV
TMZ guy he's only who harasses every
mother going to go to music these
paparazzi Rooney is so much fun to
really go
after me I got from TMZ see what up Tim
so a whole
now we're gonna tear was you talking
about how you like a frosty I know we
say in team Z people's I gotta TMZ yo
rad whoo yo when's it comes off swayable
you tell them something boss you can't
be messin with my thumb just
understanding they cause I been that
ruler for you we're trying to get
pictures with fans thing all day
security
now some of you guys feel sometimes
securities formula like back in the
mouth
touching my homies wish you guys a hot
box
Sally Sally Ann - my de we're here we're
also waiting for days so chill it is
cool bro being for shut up yeah I
thought pay attention cuz you just miss
my Tyrese Gordon it's all gonna do me
getting over Tyrese Gibson girls like
that we go shadows ooh
table on Bobby shmurda
oh yeah that's not one of those about a
week ago you guys doesn't like do it hey
hey Bobby Portis all of them skip
through this lady Susan that's not him
very scary
similar one love that scene opens window
one of them awesome
so we just seen Austin Mahone Connie
what's the premise here is that what's
that that's good
Kylie's here Kim Kardashian boss I guess
he knows he doesn't do heart attack
they're here for Kylie right Kylie yeah
well we're here from thing no but
there's always a day promoters United
they only see an awesome horn and yeah
myself so we see and Tyrus Gibson
hi guys won't believe this don't believe
I we just got really got Zayn Malik's
management number like that winter
clothes management right now I'm gonna
talk to his manager see if we can meet
him and let's see this is creep mode
Howard Zinn zayn malik's agents and his
name is Ned yes he doesn't
Adam Adam salad machine into teaching me
s ALDH
do not move up you get your shots do not
move
Tiger was good GG with it
so tell about saying how he's hiding
some hell nah man is good idea
his aim is hiding right up he's supposed
to be alpha he's really good at hiding
something that homies but I know
hopefully maybe Salinas it should be re
said Chris generator soon Kris Jenner
Kris Jenner you see see how it goes
Popat
thank you so much a shout out Saddam
Madeline let us and just let us know and
hooking us up I love you Adriana yeah
one feature I love him can we get a
selfie on the fan another paparazzi the
pic plans got a runner for the fans man
why that's got a wonderful
I leave you seen Adrienne tell you
alright guys so we got some bad news
Zayn is like hiding I'm so sad we
couldn't get steamed we're gonna go see
Selena we saw Austin Mahone Tyga Tyrese
Gibson 4:13 Adriana
Oh Gigi and but yeah really I'll let you
guys down through PJ hey I'm sorry but
at least we did you got a couple footage
for you guys I feel like I feel like
with stalkers or like paparazzi or
something but I was yeah just there
vlogging and recorder for you guys hey
man sup - Tamara will you play hide and
seek that's it I know we'll see maybe
meet him maybe we'll meet him soon all
right hi guys so it's time to wrap up
this vlog hope you all enjoy this vibe
he did you made it to the end like my
rider died UMI's make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so so much for your love
and support and giving of blogs a thumbs
up it truly means the world and it shows
me that you guys are actually enjoying
the vlogs and actually take the time out
to put your hand there and press thumbs
up so thank you guys so much
the winner of this hat was a giveaway
hat just chose it right now on Twitter
is it Sarah sanim it's - that's Adam I
just followed you on Twitter I will DM
you and you got to tell me about your
info and stuff so I can send it to you
but thank you so much for the support
you won the Hat I'll be doing another
bigger giveaway and I'm still deciding
when I reach 1 million subscribe it's
still about 40-something thousand
subscribers away maybe in a couple days
a couple weeks I think in a couple of
weeks I should be there in sha Allah so
hopefully our show is not great the
countdown is there and let me tell you
guys let me keep you guys updated with
what we're doing this week our Friday
I'm going to a basketball game New York
Knicks vs. the Cavaliers so we're gonna
see LeBron you're gonna see Knicks my
Knicks representing New York City this
weekend I'm going to Washington DC with
me and slim and also we might be going
Virginia but we're just going to go that
film a little video and come back I'm so
sorry I'm try to do an event or
something there we're going to DC this
weekend go to the New York Knicks game
then DC today after for two days and the
Monday we're going to the weekend
concert so hopefully all turns out great
so give me some cool vlogs coming up the
next few days and then LA after that so
should be dope
I'll see you guys then take care and
peace I love
I'm here for you always a favor promise
you that those teeth let me write them
away I know okay
that's what you say
