hi guys
we don't use that thing that's gone I'm
19 just hold its light and might not be
look ready what's the final corner ready
mostly chocolate come on up now
good morning now you two do it no no no
come with us come on their party buddies
get one either ready it could be
chocolate
it might is hunter percent chocolate
ready set go
eat it
look what's good no you have not tried
it try it come on that was good you guys
come on - you scared my name is fine
nice come on you can do it are you good
forget this game oh baby why ready three
the raw eggs all set all right I think
it's barf is mighty bar for like might
be puke you're not it might be puke or
popcorn no wha
yeah Roe Nagel popcorn-y no public ready
set
you have to eat it no oh my god
my neck they put their tissues ain't it
a turbo I'm gonna buy it
come on bro yeah bite it go ahead
Romo ready get the green one is this
what woke up loan things now this is a
booger or juicy pear
what's lawn clippings no no bugger this
is either booger or juicy pear he'll
either buggers like on those or juicy
pear
come on ready set Joey don't stop and
wait like 30 7 go juicy pear what's that
just even mother let's finish a blue
everybody get blue so have a toothpaste
or blueberry is writing SAP but maybe
look toothpaste it's rice I mean like to
place yes
then like a bit hosta toothpaste yeah
yeah sounds really good
just me all right every bad one I'm not
even at a good one yet
you know I'm choosing any better ones
how do you know which ones bad and which
ones good I'm talking alright Asselin
just got back to the hotel didn't get to
vlog much today because I was at this
cool workshop this cool secret workshop
that a lot of people came through so
thank you so much for everybody came
workshop hope you guys have fun and
learn much because I was a teacher at
the time during the workshop so I'm
heading to the airport in a few hours
this is the reason why I couldn't make
the fly extra long so I decided to do a
little bean boozled challenge that you
guys have been asking for and I made it
like a raw footage and I wanted to give
you guys something instead of giving
guys nothing so I wanted to upload it so
right now a few hours I'm gonna upload
it right now and that would tell so you
guys are probably watching it hope you
guys understand it still gives like a
thumbs up show me that you guys still
enjoy this wagon with this short and bi
can me get a thumbs up if you guys do
not know I just got pranked big time
like so big by NAS and Leo little man
Leo which is crazy it's like something
that I didn't expect it so right now I'm
still shocked but I'm so happy that it's
a prank because I was so so scared
and I don't know if even if I want to
release it or not but I might be putting
up a trailer and giving us a goal that
you guys might have to do so hopefully
that'll be cool yeah once again I'm so
sorry that's like the short tomorrow I'm
back to New York City and back to
regular of lives and yeah after that
main Channel video this week all the
trails know when - when this video will
be up don't know what if it will be up
but huge props to Leo and nuts for doing
this it's something that I didn't expect
them to do that cuz you know you know
amateur pranksters you know I'm saying
but they did it really good really good
and I forgot so worried I was caught a
heart attack I almost gonna have a heart
attack I'll see you guys tomorrow
coming here take care peace I love you
thank you yeah
I'm here for you always a feather I'm
sure that those tears let me write them
away this what you say
