making me matter this on sweater lately
when you turn the front face camera what
the and then you bring it up hey guys
what's up Akuma gank I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm happened
amazing day you should be having amaze
me some say what up it was good I had
one I'm in slim scribble right now it's
the first time I seen is else which is
believe it or not because I don't know
if it meant for me and he loves about
like 40 minutes to an hour way from us
crazy so see each other like every
single day but house is so dope is like
mine's like every Yemeni house is like
looks it like it looks like the
literally looks like my house look like
I have this a mouse
sit down to some pot sure like have this
mouse right here just like put your food
and stuff like that but anyhow so do you
have a poster this up a little if any
pictures in the wall where I run this
 I want to say I know you don't have
yourself on the posted it's your dad and
your older brother and my house it's the
same thing it's my dad I'm older but I'm
not there to Susie I'm not there well
I'll show ya so this is we're gonna come
with a play night just mean him we're
not worthy enough to be on the walls and
houses we're gonna take a picture of
each other hey let's put one of my house
for in this house when we glue it that
we crazy glue it when I enter framed it
to be crazy glue I make sure I'm put my
picture up on top of my dad's bitch and
Luther and myself yeah to the vibes into
the same pictures Rose not one but two
what's difference the cold supper today
yeah well nobody that is cool dough so
it's all good i'ma show them to moms how
they have I'm not the best cook I have
something like that to us though I'm
with the homeotic over here just limbs
old about land right play-doh my
Nintendo 3ds idleness then I haven't
seen in a long no I've seen a wartime is
goodness needs to have a surprise for
you coming soon we already know if
you're not supposed to know it's a
surprise
then I'll ever mothers yeah I'm
professionally then I rolled a I want to
slap my ass my tricks are crazy how do
you know
990 look marshal Emanuel yeah big man
that's my senior like eight right yeah
yeah oh that is crazy you know what
great even a boy um Liz it I was just I
heard like like all gotten really clever
coughing is it oh my god gonna slamming
he's a just saying that what is he doing
yeah I can get you like a ring oh my god
I don't have a girlfriend
that's what I think you want to get
married ha ha ha ha no girlfriend
you're right I don't tell girl for what
um held you when that might come
together how do you undo it I don't want
to get married how old are you I'm 22 23
should I be yeah you should well look I
shouldn't hurt you I'm still your girl
so yeah you should get married it'll
shut uh yeah I just put you like
remember this is me get mad
Inez cream for the you later come on
geese music this alright so you got some
cool doughnuts here
that sounds family so cool mashallah I
see thank you to that back Pam you know
saying I love you guys thank you Scott
boom what's that I see would dead oh I
can't believe I just lost two nine years
get a little bit this is for slim to see
there's no pictures of me here guys my
dad my brother this room this room
Remis he didn't have much she's stuck it
on herself I'm gonna do a picture me
here nothing's let me should do the same
thing you guys do not know Marcin is
feeling sick he has a little bad cough I
feel so bad for him because I want to
take him outside and play with him but
my mom is not allowing me to take him
outside but he's still strong and he
still has that little cute smile on his
face
let me see that smile come on let me see
that smile let me see that gap boy smile
come on
hey Nene look at this out
let me see look at this little look at
those chubby cheeks then look at this
which way is cuter guys is it like this
cuter hey I like that
you tell me yeah making me mad at this
on sweater Nylund me when he turned the
front face camera what the and then you
bring it up and I like smile tight what
mustard whenever he drinks with straws
it doesn't like he can't use straws
because it goes through his teeth goes
to his got pub hey hi say hi Bubba
hi Bubba he's looking at that in say hi
hi guys I'm tell you guys a cool story
that I said during the UK tour yeah
so with Muhsin if you guys do not know I
always put the blame on him with
everything because eyes as I was sick
hey sounds I was saying I always put the
blame on Wesen because he's 1 years old
he can't speak and if I'm in trouble why
would I have to get in trouble when I
can just blame it when I can just blame
it on Muhsin and nothing goes on because
you keep talking time so this is what
happened one day this is a true story my
you gonna ever let me talk you can ever
let me talk seriously you never let me
talk he tries to be like metal talking
to the camera he says the talk was wrong
with you let me talk let me talk so one
time my dad gave Mawson his phone and
then I took the phone I took my dad's
phone I guess I'm a continue the story
without him okay I took my dad's phone
from him and I started using it and then
by accident I dropped my dad's phone and
it broke it kept this whole screen broke
this is like two months ago so I didn't
know what to do
I gave the phone back to Muhsin I ran to
the bathroom I was pretending I was
taking a shower so in the shower I'm
like oh my god this I'm just waiting to
my dad like starts screaming at one
point goes crazy so five minutes later
all I hear is oh my god oh my god and
I'm like oh my god oh my god I know what
have I know am he went to my C's on my
phone oh my good
and then I came out the shower with the
towel on then I go to my room now I'm
looking at my dad and muscle with the
phone and I'm like oh my god dad what
happened to your phone and he was like
it's okay yeah baby Marcin he broke it
hobby machine broke it it's okay it's
okay he's a baby
he's a baby's on the Masen if my son is
there looking at me and he's trying to
speak to me trying to blame it he's like
I did give this to Adam he hates it
it's like he knows it's like he knows
that I blame it like I blame stuff on
him and he tries to talk and like let it
out like it wasn't me it was Adam but he
doesn't have a say he's like
dad I'm sorry I shouldn't say I'm sorry
blaming you but I'm gonna continue on
blaming him blaming everything on him
until he can talk and stuff like that
imagine if my dad found out it was me he
would have beat my butt but the fact
that I put the blame on must and nothing
happened it's cool why are you digging
my ear that's pretty much the story I
want to do a big giveaway cuz I'm about
to reach 1 million subscribers guys and
I don't know what to give away some some
of you guys I wanted to do like bring
some more to New York and fly them out
to new Everett country or city they're
from ah and I want to UM hear my ear and
I want to fight but thing is some of you
guys
you said you guys you keep not allowed
to fly out you're not um I don't know
it's like some probably too young to
fire some you can't fly out some of you
visa problems or pass what about
something like that so I'm thinking of
something I don't know what should I do
a big giveaway strategies do maybe
should I just do like a thousand dollar
giveaway or something like that or
what's it you know what I'm gonna give
my son away should i give away my sin
for the million subscriber i'll give him
away for who wants him who wants him
once i reach 1 million subscribers
that's my final decision I'm giving away
my son you can have him you go look look
I'm playing I'm playing with him right
now he's so fun he's the best giveaway
present ever like you'll never get bored
with him you know I'm sailing look you
can work out with him he's not just a
baby you can work out like head back
whenever you're bored you have like
nobody to like cuddle with and kiss with
him you have muscle ignore
oh okay but the as a put the way my
club I don't stop doing this to me bro
give me sad hey uh obviously the ready
set go
hi hi all right yeah I don't stop doing
this Amir oh come on I don't mean well
this is footage it over whoo ready set
go go
I'm not full of anything yeah
I'm so well you Scarbro you stay are you
so good at all
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
flag hope you all enjoy this life did
make sure give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey to all my rotted I do means thank
you guys so so much for your love and
support every single day to all the new
dummies in the do me game to all the day
one rider that dummies they got so much
for the mod my heart for showing so much
love we are almost at 1 million
subscribers we're like about fifty five
thousand subscribers away so the
countdown starts now with do me gang for
1 million subscribers thank you guys so
so much for elements apart I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another daily vlog
and an amazing day today huge shout out
to the slim Ella Baker family to back
family for looking out for me and I'm
sayin I gotta bring you guys to my crib
oh you know what I'm showing all her cuz
it's very similar it seems like a mouse
oh it's really cool I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace like hey
always a feather I'm sure that full Ted
let me write them away okay
this would choose a sleigh
