what's up guys right now I'm in hotel
next door is Nasim true laughing it's
like not even joking well that's like 5
a.m.
hey guys what's up do me gang I hope you
are having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you should be have an
amazing day
I'm not going to show my next-door
backstage at the Birmingham venue and it
is a beautiful beautiful venue I think
the stage is even much higher than the
one in London so it might be a little
crazy on London it might be a little
crazier and he's like Matt took shower
and now then I'm taking shower after I'm
gonna get dressed and get ready and this
is much easier so much better I feel so
much better when you get dressed and get
ready here than cross-strait on stage
I'm so excited for you Birmingham let's
see how you turn up today and I will
show you guys around backstage until the
show starts this is the TV this is the
venue like this stage looks really
beautiful in the screen we got huge it
you come here this is my room look that
is so sick no this is backstage right
here all your clothing over there it's a
piano there's a piano
backstage which is so sick I'm playing
guys twinkle twinkle little star
hi guys if you guys can guess what song
is this in the comments below
I gave you guys a shout out at Tamar's
blog it's a song it's pretty old song
not that old couple years ago so you
guys ready set go
I saw anything on me give you guys a UH
it's even
I'm excited for us I get nervous
we'll be 505 bad guys out of my element
really good ready to go nervous
impatient under in case nobody's talking
about yes we go I don't his copies guys
as you can be
to be
Oh
what's up guys I'm in Birmingham with
Ayesha Nadia and Rashida
we're here showing a mini-grid she gave
me this cool like book which I'm gonna
open up later
thank you guys so sorry she decision
yeah Oh Tannen up a sick man I got a
tool but you know he can't see is
invisible who is he I don't even live in
city rich to Sun up this smart Danny
Paisley and Citroen Ingram what's up on
the visa good hi how you doing thank you
guys so much
we're coming through what's up guys I'm
here with visit mafia mafia Nakia up
buddy yeah yeah she started a channel
yes home the facts of being with the
other perks of being potentially reach
2,000 subscribers oh yeah
congratulations sir he's I'm so anxious
I'm so happy for me I feel I should
reach 2,000 subscribers and just keep
doing it for fun and just don't think
about getting big enough like doing fun
and it'll it'll keep coming out here
with here another and again just I'll be
good that is simply that oh my god
thank you so much
in Janeiro what's that
I'm the juice what's up squad well thank
you guys so so much you guys seriously
so cool so thanks for that she waited
for me like two hours while I was doing
the meeting really so chillin vaccine
for - thank you so much to her and Gian
and her mother so so sweet winning
yourself charges Shara Fatima Rika
nafeez at Zara I'm Chad - Adam oh it
subscribe thank you so much seriously
she's so sweet
thank you so much thank you I love you
too hi guys so I'm finally back to the
hotel and I want to give a huge huge
thank you to Birmingham Manchester and
London you guys were truly amazing I'm
so sad that this tour is over it's just
passed by so fast I wanted to be long
I'm used to doing you know like these
two three week tours in different cities
and stuff I just want to say thank you
to every single one of you every single
one of you part of the lumina who came
through showed so much love who brought
your friends who brought your family I
really hope you guys had an amazing time
and I really hope you guys like seeing
the amazing cause I was trying to bring
up to you guys with the NYPD I really
hope you guys sign up to NYPD I showed
them a lot of love - for making all this
happen so huge shout out to NYPD for
showing a lot of love for bringing you
guys and making you guys making this
happen so thank you guys so much fan
once again thank it's everything one of
you who brought me chocolate and like
gifts and stuff please do not do not
spend so much on the gifts I just want
you know I just want you guys to smile
seeing you guys smile is a good gift for
me so it's a good gift to me seeing you
guys smell so you don't have to waste
your money weighs anything gave me so
much chocolate and stuff so anyways you
make me gain weight you do that you know
say make me gain quick but seriously
thank you so so much
I can't thank you guys enough I feel
just the past three days these three
shells weren't biggest shows yeah that I
had it was an amazing time I have the
less so thank you guys for be on this
journey with me I love you guys so much
and until next tour I don't know what
city I don't know what country will be
next but whenever it is I'll show you
guys if you guys made it to the end this
vlog make sure you give it a thumbs up
omerod I do I want you guys to give it a
thumbs up if you made a turns fine if
you watch
make sure you guys subscribe a new main
Channel video might be coming up soon
maybe doing a public prank in the UK
before I leave so hopefully I'll turn
like great I'm gonna go catch my sleep
because I haven't suffered online
peace out doom again take care or peeps
I'm here for you always a favor
promise you got those teeth let me wipe
them away okay
this would choose to say
