hey guys what's up Adobe gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so far I'm having
an amazing day you should be having an
amazing day today is the day for the
roast of a do me game so I see you guys
having so much fun the past couple days
the past couple weeks the past couple
months of the roast of Adam salad so
today I'm gonna be roasting you guys so
this is a warning before you guys watch
it do not be sensitive everything that
I'm roasting you guys aren't I don't
mind anything that you guys do that and
stuff I'm just doing it for
entertainment and just to roast you guys
and have fun with you guys just know
that I love you guys so much don't feel
offended in any type or any way so yeah
hope you guys have a sense of humor and
I hope you guys enjoy it give it a
thumbs up and this is the roast of ado
me game okay first things first do me
gang whenever I meet you guys you guys
think I'm some kind of computer or some
kind of like smart phone that can
memorize all these names and stuff this
is literally what happens all right hi
hi how you doing
so yeah yeah I got yeah please oh we
good yeah what's up I'm me what's going
on again um shout out please yeah of
course yeah yeah okay I'll give a
shout-out to Aneesa and mica Natasha
sada Zara Amina Alicia Latifah Bushrod s
Matt Allen okay
um hey guys what's up this is an I want
to give you huge shout out to Aneesa
Anika
Zara Zara Zara Zara Tasha you know what
like I'm not supposed to memorize names
like I can't I can't memorize these
people saying I'm sorry girl what's
wrong with you now you guys know I'm not
some type of computer I can't memorize
these names I'm roasting y'all I can't
memorize these names what's wrong with
you guys you guys are crazy you do me
again but I still love you whenever I
meet you guys sometimes you guys here
get a picture you know hello we talk for
a bit but some of you guys just stand
there as if like I have
nothing to do also like girl I got I got
a lot of stuff to do too you know what
I'm saying I can make time for you yes I
can make time for you but when you're
calling your whole generation and family
for me to talk to like do you dude oh my
I'm not a clock to be having that much
time
yeah then I move I'm come on system now
yeah wait hey don't oh my god who loves
you thank you so much my gosh she loves
how's she gonna go like to mean I'm not
wait always like oh yeah guess mom with
DES laughs mom no my mom Jessica no
guess again let me just talk that tell
us Adams ollie he wants to talk to you
yeah he's just like you right now right
he's it tells you right now
hi sister how are you doing put him on
that oh okay
I might have to go cuz I don't know who
told mom well she loves you she loves
you mom I just can't just can't believe
it I'm with Adam Sally
hey I gotta go see my sausage recipe hi
mom how are you mom why don't we call my
grandmother Enoch or grandma on it I
might have to go in like gentlemen some
of you people for the do me gang you
guys pretend to be the biggest do me I
find out that you guys are it like you
guys just know a couple stuff about me
you guys think you are
oh my god I'm sorry how are you all the
biggest said do me out thank you so much
biggest one since 2005 I started just
started in 2005 but Andrey my daughter
you oh my gosh she's so cute
Thank You Norval of actually so much me
somewhat have a daughter just like she
is she's actually my know this pretty
much likes me look at this together all
day every day my love yes new son walks
in I got he's so cute
I wanna be he's like a big I just looks
at you though hi I'm awesome
my name is marcin don't lie to me be
honest with me you know I like that
honesty you know I'm saying don't don't
say the biggest is do me when you're not
all right so this is all the guys out
there to the guys to the boys do me gang
you know do me gang you guys sometimes
like to pretend that like we know each
other we're family or like we've hung
out she told me daddy was the best
friend Devastator she don't know how we
can just see ideal approach Alakazam
chillin yeah should be chilly around I
should be having chilling there you
should be every other you yeah well I
don't know good bra man we're all ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha
you know I'm out here with Adam salad we
just came back from smoking she shops
whoo we smoked some good shit you know
what I'm sayin Adam salad we had some
good time he's my cousin bro we will
promote to cousins yes to notice we all
one hit him up and never hit me up you
know I'm say at some sort underscore 94
I snapchat you don't say yeah yeah man I
do my G it's good seeing you bro
think I'm a minute please water
you lyin why you always lying oh my god
do me get stop freaking lie yet oh I am
broke sick you guys don't mean I'm not
done though there's some of you guys out
there who say you guys are not gonna do
me but you guys actually know everything
about me you're you're actually the
biggest to do me baby say you're not in
a doom because I don't know like are you
ashamed to me Anna do me why would you
be ashamed to be them actually I'm
actually get happy when you say you know
do me but some people they're ashamed
they say no I'm not gonna do me and
nothing bad to like you know do me
oblate bye
hi yeah hi alright okay I'm not really
gonna do me though to be honest like
I'll watch all your videos look like no
ex a single day and thank you sir games
up brightly brighten up my days thank
you so much
okay follow me mushrooms please way to
follow on Instagram yeah what's your
yeah uh it's number one to do the fabric
so you wanna do me a not really but
what's yours here never want to do me
favor
really nigga I'm so not done roasting
you guys cuz you guys are crazy like you
guys sometimes think I'm Macy's or a
shopping mall or Harrods or some blood
I'm not a clothing company I'll be there
like five minutes
alright how are you hi how you doing oh
my good thank you please what oh please
gonna be in the average Twitter please I
see something member I got yeah I'm in
give it to her name yeah thank you oh my
god yeah I don't sell this sweater thank
you all it's mostly to give it away
oh can I see so much recording she wants
it she doesn't see what she loves you
too that's why any cold outside please
miss heavy pot please the guys yeah
thank you thank you thank you yeah
oh my god what do you not have club oh
do you not oh my pretty cool I'm cold
oh yeah my dad he loves your shoes so
he's yeah Harry shoes cuz he was number
two
I need shoes just walk on his shoes and
socks I need shoes to walk on us how am
I supposed to walk um does he have any
shoes like I don't care you sure to tell
please I think I really don't want my
brother you know what was if I get with
my dad ago my sister now another thing
that happened on likely is a lace please
please be say go why are you taking
right click I need it it's cold
the thing is my mom's gonna go crazy I
know my bullet even cried he's gonna
don't have it yes but thing is I can we
just have it yeah thank you thank you so
much every so sweet
probably need one of my shirts Clara
please just the pants please Adam for my
black ink is it it I can't get it right
I can't even like Adam I don't I can't
you
alright guys so it's time to wrap up
this rows of a do me gang I feel like I
did take a little easy on you guys
but I hope you guys do not feel offended
and I'll be guys did enjoy it because
our relationship is a love love
relationship even though we have tough
love sometimes it's still love love
relationship if you guys did enjoy make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey do me gang I love you guys and I
love meeting you guys and I love
everything that you guys do in this
video even if you guys take my sweater
so don't mind you guys take my so even
if you guys pretend to be in a dooming I
don't mind being us pretend if you even
if you guys pretend to be hanging out
with me that we've known each other
fears I don't mind that even if you guys
call your mother call your grandma call
your auntie back in the Middle East I
don't mind that I don't mind anything so
I should say thank you guys for the
bottom art I love you guys so much for
your love and support I'll see you guys
in the next roast maybe take care and
peace I love you I'm here for you always
a fab promise you that bullshit let me
wipe em away okay this would choose to
say
