you got to try and balance the water
before me hey guys what's up ado me gang
I hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you should be
having amazing day too
right now I'm on my way so meeting with
the NYPD
the my PD Muslim youth and we're going
to be having our final meeting before
the tour kicks in starts off in London
and Manchester and then Birmingham so
I'm so excited for that
hopefully autumn that great so see I
would go hi guys so I just got done with
the meeting it was an amazing meeting
and I'm here with Saif G and sand 7g
actually wants me for what I do I'm
gonna see it again step 7 g7 q7 nice tan
say hi what's wrong because she's up in
shy guys coming tomorrow means Sunday
they come Sunday yes I was gonna be
turned up some see these he's like my
home is where
as far as him what's wrong with you and
you shout out to hotel nyesha they're
not here but yeah I'll see you guys
definitely I want to give you chatter -
who that happy birthday to you she's 20
years old began oh she's a grandma
happy birthday to you
happy buddy this is the Big Ben of
London which I'm best to take a not
forget it my phone is like 1% so
removing this one changing it let me see
it that like so they're gonna know which
one is your carnival can't get my plates
oh no I'm gonna see that even you are
later on yeah - having shopping
no you know about that if anybody
customer a green car they're gonna wait
that's I'm telling ya we have to be
happy today other than how we gonna go
and this is the back feeling stopped by
her I find it really weird how the UK
license plates and the back is yellow
and the front is white reflection
why why does out do huh reflection what
are we reflection the two fingers like
this for one there put that one there
yeah yeah no get number two fingers and
put no put close up first again cross it
just burn up like that yeah you got to
try and balance the water the water
falls hallelujah mama for my phone my
phone it's not affordable hurry relax oh
this girl for dozen it's not gonna fall
just just hold it over there right you
got it belongs to you okay sweet Lundy
did you guys stay there no come on cook
nice good boy oh my god it's gonna fall
harmoo I just got done pranking now so I
decided I don't know I've been having
this idea for the past like couple
months because he's like literally in
love with this car like it's like this
is like his baby he loves it so much so
I had to do something with his car the
police just left it was so scared I
didn't know he told him he was like oh
it was just a joke just leaving I'll
Park this car right here this way I put
it
whoever all things I'm gonna fuck me
that's good what do you do so you feel
better not driving it no pissed off man
one thing who the hell does a prank like
that how do you feel now like you know
like now you got your car back though
I'm worried my keys from you know you
drive my car yeah well you moved my seat
yeah I moved it I moved the hold about
that almost crashing so many times I was
gonna upload a prank that I put on nas
on the vlog channel by decided to upload
at the main channel because I felt like
I felt like I put a lot of effort and a
lot of cool you know I feel like my
pranking game got you know low up there
and I used about three I use three
cameras for that prank mic to my cameras
one of nasus cameras that he had on him
so I got my deals like but nas had a
camera I'm like you know what use that
put a twos for a prank one size to fit
on the main channel so hope you guys
enjoy it check it out and hope you guys
enjoyed that I'm uploading much much
more I am gonna be uploading a lot a lot
more I'm gonna be just some crazy crazy
stuff during this tour you know what
I'll say you know I was a nas and I'm so
sorry once again if these vlogs are
short I have been rehearsing so much you
guys I do not know like it's just it's
probably egos like you just aren't you
just thirty minutes on stage must be
easy but I want to make a perfect few
guys I don't wanna mess up and embarrass
myself like in front of you guys that's
why just got to the hotel I am about to
start rehearsing once again let me give
you guys a hotel room tour first before
I get to rehearsing so let me show you
guys first the bathroom it's the
bathroom look it's so cool look open the
light alright so this is the bathroom
well there's another door here what the
heck
well there's another door here what the
heck what that's crazy
but I think it's genius you know why the
toilet is over there you can close it
while somebody's isn't on it they can be
using over here and then anyone's use
all of it you go open it and use
everything like that let's say that's
genius right that's cool that's cool
cool closets this is the suits and I was
gonna wear this is not over there are
you in awake eyes look like you're dead
like a dead more dead man walking what
are you doing oh that's me my laptop
editing stuff this is my whole luggage
yeah don't don't
been asked this is nice looking mr. neat
mr. clean and all no this is his desk
right here my desk is just I didn't have
any nothing on my desk my really stuff
here and I ready to go I'm gonna be
rehearsing right now but I am gonna wrap
up the vlog here because I'm too nervous
to be vlogging or anything right now
tomorrow is the big big day I'm gonna be
performing at the o2 indigo arena and
I'm so excited seriously guys I just
want to thank you guys from the bottom
my heart for life because what show them
my toes there's nothing wrong my toe is
unique I want to show you guys my toes
feels like nothing wrong with it but
what happened
hi everybody dressed how I'm dressed
yes now just shut up my toes but I'm not
gonna show you how this why I showed on
my toes I mean I don't mind showing you
guys my toes muscles are normally yeah
just got a pedicure you know nose head
but yeah I wanna say thank you guys so
much for bottle my heart for seriously
being on this journey with me from
whatever day you spotted me whatever day
you've started you know being into the
dummy gang so I'm trying to say thank
you guys so so much and yeah it's it
this is time tomorrow all the time we'll
be waiting for and this is something big
it's happening I'm gonna be performing
at the o2 indigo arena which is pretty
crazy man I never know what we
performing there like in a million years
I never know
I'll be performing somewhere like
somewhere as big as over there it's not
gonna be the o2 Arena we're like at the
hundred and like two hundred thousand
people like are there zoom at the o2
indigo arena which is part of the o2
arena which has about three to five
thousand people it's a big big venue and
it's in the o2 arena like so many so
many celebrities so many people
performed over there which I feel like I
feel blessed so I just want to thank you
guys so so much right don't think my
parents I want to take a lot for
everything number one I want to take the
NYPD for making this happen
I want to thank you know rebuff
everything I want to take the homey nos
for always helping me out always pushing
me harder I want to thank I want to
thank I shouldn't say everybody who
helped out if I miss anyone names out
I'm sorry about trying to thank all of
you guys seriously for just sticking on
his drinking with me and having fun
around his journey and me I'm gonna take
you guys with me tomorrow
let's see how this goes
of nerves I'm so scared please leave a
comment below of anything to motivate me
I'm going to read the comments before I
go on okay I'll see you guys tomorrow
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
if you guys made it to that slide make
sure you give it a thumbs up I'm so
sorry once again that the vlogs are just
like whatever
i'ma keep saying sorry until you know
get back to like cool blinds somewhat
down so I'll see you guys tomorrow
thank you guys so so much take care
earng peace I'm here for you always a
faster time see that bullshit let me
wipe em away okay this would choose to
say
