hey guys what's up it do me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day you should be
having Mays day and right now
I'm having a not so good day so even if
I'm having a not so good day
you should still be having amazing this
so I have the vlog it is ready to be up
but it says about 2000 minutes I'm in a
new hotel via it says about 2000 minutes
to upload which is about 34 days so I'm
gonna try to get some hotspot from
somewhere no one is around I have nobody
with Hoss by Wi-Fi anything so and it's
really late so I'll be postponing it
till tomorrow I'm so sorry I'm having
shows in London tomorrow at the o2
indigo arena Manchester at Old Trafford
Birmingham at townhall so if you guys
want to come through make sure you guys
come through is a free event if you guys
I know it's sold out but there will
still be seats available so whoever does
not repeat look I'm saying it whoever
does not have tickets you can still show
up you can still come and you will still
get seats available we're getting we're
trying our best to get as much seats for
you guys it's gonna be an amazing
amazing tour this is the biggest toy yet
this one I'm so nervous for an amazing
cause for the refugee crisis I'm working
and partnering up with the NYPD
so not the NYPD bit and the Muslim youth
so um should be going great that's all I
wanted to say I wanted to update you
guys with something if you guys haven't
go watch I was supposed to up also
upload two videos on this but I uploaded
the first one first on the main channel
that one got to upload in the other
hotel this one this vlog that I have
didn't get to outlook was when the new
hotel so I like I was want to give you
guys something every day so today this
video isn't enough for you isn't like
whatever and you're like oh whatever
go watch the main Channel video that's
something for you guys it took me so
long to edit it took me so long to do so
go watch it go turkey go give it a
thumbs up and make sure you guys
subscribe because I will be doing a huge
giveaway once I reach one
subscribers and I'm so so excited thank
you so much adieu meeting every single
one of you I appreciate you guys so so
much thank you for always making me
smile and always making me happy I'm so
sorry today's no like some day is gonna
be like that I was on a roll I was on a
roll
I had no missing days no nothing I was
ba ba ba ba
but you know when you're traveling all
over and you get so tired and you go
hard Wi-Fi you know there's nothing like
home where there's amazing Wi-Fi amazing
food amazing air tag you know well yeah
that's all I wanted to say I want to
keep you guys updated she hasn't come in
London Manchester Birmingham all the
information will be down below I'll see
you guys then take care and peace I like
