hey guys what's up I'm Adam Sala and I
am back home and and why say wha
yeah I'm back home so I didn't vlog
yesterday because I was chilling with
the fam dizzle for shizzle my nizzle so
today I decided to be doing a challenge
something that you guys gave me during
the UK tour which is right here let me
see it the hood and challenge for now
also thank you so much 12 it gave me
this challenge it's gonna be a fun game
and we're all gonna get to know more
stuff metalcore and we're all gonna get
some cool not only it's not just a
challenge also we're gonna gain some
knowledge out this so I really hope you
guys enjoy it give it a thumbs up and
let's do this it involves two to four
players but this is what I'm gonna do
since I have this is like lid on that
right now and I have no one with me to
play I'm gonna take the cards these are
all questions and they have the answers
in the back I'm going to be choosing
random questions and I'm going to see if
I get it right if I get three wrong
that's it I'm done I lost but I'm gonna
see how much I got right before I got
three wrong I'm probably gonna be so bad
at it so please do not judge me on this
and I want you guys to play this
challenge with me okay so you guys
everybody watching do me gang get ready
and play this game with me cuz I'm about
to start up with the first question okay
ready
which is the shortest surah of the Quran
that's easy Cosette
so it's coated let's see Colten got it
right I gotta write who built the Kaaba
who built the Kaaba um I believe it was
it was a lot though everything in this
world so like like if a lot built
everything in this world Allah Bill the
cab maschmann alright okay
okay I don't know I don't know if I take
a guess I'll say yeah Abraham
I'll say Brian my older brother's name I
don't know alright oh my god oh my is it
the brahim and it's mine I don't know if
that's well to people go this was bright
and it's mad oh my god I can't believe
oh you have right alright does just that
does that mean I'm correct or does that
mean I'm wrong or I have a half point
right I have one and a half point
okay who's the father of the Prophet
yeah hope I know that one I'm gonna give
you guys some time and let you guys know
comment below who do you guys think it
is okay ready
you had answer you had it I'm gonna tell
you guys right now it is it's Happ se
phone quick
hang on I'm correct I'm gonna roll two
and a half points which prophet showed
subrin gamelon which is the word I
always say subrin tamilan which means
sweet patience which prophet showed that
it is yeah OOP let's see hang on I'm
correct and this is why I want to name
my son yeah because subrin Tamlyn named
the first surah of the Quran you guys
have to know that if you don't know that
then there's issues you know Zen a surah
fateha' named the prophet who was a
great king let me call my little brother
real quick name the prophet who was a
great king all right guys that is not
cheating I just asked my little brother
who knows a lot about these stuff
mashallah and he said so many man so I
trust his words mace aka my little
brother Yousef that's his name
I trust Eunice I'm still a man if it's
frogged a square of a goodie room and
choked you up bro he says Suleiman and
the correct answer is hey he got it
right okay next question is who was
Hodja I think I did was a wife of a
prophet but I do not know which prophet
but all right but she was a wife an
almost-perfect which prophet but I'm
gonna see right now ready she was the
wife see of Prophet Ibrahim ah I got
also half that so technically I got half
wrong and half wrong here so I got one
wrong all right two more wrongs and
that's then I'm done which is the
longest surah in the Quran easy surah
al-baqarah that all right and I'm fine
all right all right this one is a really
interesting one okay how near is Allah
to us I'm gonna say he's so near to us
where it can't be any nearer like he's
so close where it can be any closer
because I can't I can't kiss you far can
see in the middle Allah is always close
to us
closest that you can't even ever be
that's that's my answer so the real
answer is nearer than our neck vein a
lot is nearer than your neck vein I
don't know if that was wrong all right
but I'm gonna count it correct because I
said close I'll set a close I said it in
how many days did Allah create the
heavens and the earth I am gonna say I
don't we know I'm sorry don't judge me
forget around but I'm gonna say one day
I don't know one day but six days he
created the heavens and the earth in six
days
surah asada alright so I got two wrong
so for how many correct answers have you
guys got and how many wrong answers have
you guys got so far I need one more
wrong and I lost
hopefully I keep getting at least three
or four more correct alright so how many
days must a man fast as the expiation of
an oath three days I say three days
which means if you lie or something if
you say voila and you lie you have to
fast three days to make up for it and
the answer is three days in Surat
al-ma'idah where was the Prophet Ibrahim
Al Asad Salam born where was the Prophet
I was a son born Bryan burrows prophet
Brian born where's pepper
hey but I'm all right I got a question
for you okay all right where was prophet
but I had a son born where was he born
I'm doing like a gamer just answer what
is it all right add up all right
you sure it's correct okay
peace all right bye Thanks all right
I'll call you back later the answer is
order a tap which he is yeah he's pretty
much correct what is the meaning of a
Salaam aleikom that means peace be upon
I didn't have to look at it answer I
already know that
yeah peace be upon you what did prophet
Moses mother do when he was born
what did problem um she hugged him she
hugged him I don't know I don't know um
let's see
prophet Moses mother
but she put the infant Musa Alice
awesome into a box and floated it into
the river so she put him in a box and
floated it onto the river well as that's
really crazy but I got it wrong and I
had three wrong now so that is the end
of the challenge let me know I don't
know how many I got correct if you guys
can go back to the video let me know how
much I got correct hopefully I got more
than ten correct I don't know if I did
good but if you guys did enjoy this
challenge and you did learn a lot I felt
like doing this challenge would teach
you guys a lot to taught me so much more
so hopefully you guys enjoyed it and it
did teach us if you did make sure give
it a thumbs up to all my ride-or-die
Tumi's make sure you give it a thumbs up
if you guys did learn something even if
it's one thing as long as you guys learn
something cool I'm gonna be ending this
challenge now and I'm going to be saying
that the roast every do me gang is
coming this Wednesday 2:00 p.m. New York
City time no video the prank that Naz
did on me and little I'll see you guys
Wednesday Thursday for the new videos
throws a new meaning and a new video and
I'll see you guys tomorrow with a new
daily vlog you guys will see The Addams
Family tomorrow I promise I know you
guys missed them I missed them so much -
bye decided they'll be shown in
tomorrow's vlog so be ready for that
I promise they will see you guys
tomorrow take care of dummy gang and
peach I love you
I like face Hey
always a feather promise you that booth
let me write them away I know okay this
would choose to say
