hey guys I'm Adam solid and I'm with the
police sergeant to bury a plate of my PC
today we're gonna be doing London on
Muslims hashtag I want a voice let's do
this you ready
hi guys what's your name I'm Joe Luke
Charlie
Dylan nice can you see Charlie again
Charlie can you see charlie bit me
charlie bit me wow that's good
Sebastian Alania Trevor Robin Mateo Liam
what do you think about Muslims um I
think that it's a religion they should
be able to believe what they want to
believe like I haven't got anything
against any religion song I don't know
it was like it's a real it's the same
religion and it's like Christianity
Judaism it's the same as anything
there's nothing different about them for
a religion I called him because my
neighbors a Muslim she's very nice so if
there's anything wrong I don't know any
Muslims so I don't know what to think
about them me and Joe Varia are actually
Muslim so we're the first so Muslim
people you know and I know we're cool
you know what I'm saying you know
they're just normal people that this
yeah same as I do anybody else I'm
almost to myself so I haven't got any
issues with a few things we'll come to
my wedding because I miss existing of
terrorists and things like that and I
suppose so
actually I met a lot of Muslim people I
work with with some people as well so I
actually nothing nothing strange like
I've got no problem it's a religion for
example I'm Italian
you're Muslim for example which is the
problem do you think that police should
speak to young Muslim kids to ask them
how they feel about radicalization and
like Islamophobia when young when other
people take fun out of Muslims for being
Muslim yeah I support it it's helping
them in a way because it's all there's
always stereotypes about how like
they're different and everything but
they're not like it's just a religion in
the way what in it what they believe in
yeah they're just normal people like all
of us but just because they're Muslim
doesn't make them any difference
whatsoever it should be not only with
young people should be with everybody
that it's like Islamophobic I think it's
a very very good idea to do that
because if if police help people how to
handle with the young people I think
it's good idea yeah as far as I should
really you know
you know speaks up a little bit but you
know I think people just a bit worried
when you see them in groups and they you
just get a bit worried about it only I
suppose but yeah I guess so yeah
it won't be a bad idea certainly is yeah
definitely
do you have children I do yes I do yet
yeah would you allow them to come and
work with us on this initiative
oh yeah and I think they'd be pleased to
they're very they're very sensible young
lady so I think we please - yeah
certainly thank you very much
I'm a school teacher so I does he teach
Muslim children and their guy ha ha ha I
said we do a lot of work with teachers
so it's really good to know
I'll definitely agree with that because
I think there's some that are now I
would say majority of them know what
they're doing they're doing the right
thing and then there's a small amount it
just needs to be taught that what
they're doing is wrong as well so yeah
definitely I think working with them
would be a good thing so how does it
being a Muslim in in London I don't live
here we've come here for today from boom
Birmingham so I am got any issues don't
have any issues whatsoever I've got
family here I'm always here so how does
it feel being a Muslim in Birmingham
pretty good yeah pretty good can't
complain how is it living in London and
being a Muslim I feel I feel I feel good
because I believe my religion at
hamdullah a Muslim so I'm not gas to
nobody so I believe Who I am if somebody
be not nice with me I can handle it like
a son play with some baby you know so
for me hamdu lillah
I'm not gas nobody I love my religions
peace I love that's it so terrorist
comes in mind when it when someone says
Muslims
no just just that it's just everyone's
got this thing about you know Terry's
and you see people like wouldn't got
these barrels on a stuff like that you
know use a bit Freud it's a bit you get
bit wary of things like that but that's
that's like part of the by the religion
they wear it so they won't show anyone
they just want to show they're like
husband's and they choose their options
then it's not like they're forced to do
it cuz their options but people a bit
wary when I see you gotta be honest
about like you know I mean it's no
various away is so you know probably in
the Muslim country or whatever is it's
normal but what about like when you see
a nun
that's wearing like a wearing that well
what do you think
see if ice yeah but they do the same
thing to where her job you can still see
their faces or well alright thank you so
much is there any message you guys would
like to say to all the Muslim people
watching around the world right now
any message don't listen to everyone
who's saying that you're negative people
because you're not you are the same as
everyone else so to ignore them you want
to be it's not because you're Muslim it
means that your bed I mean everyone can
be that it doesn't matter which religion
you're following you have to be yourself
you don't be shy that you are Muslim or
other religion you had to be really
yourself don't worry just stupid people
that think that and they are manipulated
by the media to stick together in this
time I know that things aren't looking
good for us right now
in a manner of what's going on around
the world but at the same time we're not
doing nothing wrong for ourselves he's
just a small minority that are but just
stick together and everything each other
everything will be good Charla thank you
so much time and just keep working hard
and stay strong I suppose and I hope for
all the Muslims very nice life and very
nice future and and also I need a peace
for all Muslims
I hope you guys enjoyed this video if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and share and spread the message if
you guys want to sign up to the NYPD and
help give young people a voice click on
this link below and sign up so if you
want to help give young Muslims a voice
make sure you guys go sign up to the
NYPD down below it's for an amazing
amazing cause let me know if you do sign
up and you'll get a shout out in
tomorrow's video thank you
