I just feel like you're not doing things
right you're nothing like yeah it is
cool you should say thank you so much I
appreciate it come now in the vlog we're
gonna do the intro me hey guys what's up
and do the gang I hope you're having an
amazing it because you all should be
having an amazing day
this is gonna be fewer that's hat
all right steady my love you oh oh well
thank you so much I love you take care
there hi guys we're backstage second
shot with weights I'm gonna eat from
this I'm not gonna give you from the
other side and we're gonna keep going
until we reach to the middle
hi guys this is what Naz always does
before the show he goes out there goes
on snapchat and hype still mops why do
you please another my guys knots about
to come right now but I'm glad to pull
the biggest prank on him so yeah then
LeBron James to shout out to the
homeless and down I'll be one that fight
I got I'm with the homie mich I'll bet
mouseland Linda and super you have to be
like 14 15 years or older to use it so
I'm not gonna let any other use it he
shines that he starts eat man I was
gonna hurt in the state counter you guys
didn't ask me a question okay I'm going
to see if I lie or not oh my god yes I
love it do me gang we're done with the
show look someone gave you this jacket
and these guys says the homies right
here yo guys see these guys are the
coolest people in quoits for helping out
thank you guys so much I appreciate you
got so much when Jesus right here and I
homie right here - thank you guys so
much
where's the other guy hold on he's not
here
oh it's all good in the security right
honey be my man thank you guys so much
security we're on geez man Hudson Hudson
right here but Sir the start let me
through the store Lily say hi later
dad fun sounds good she's get it you
guys gonna see her again next week wait
so it's time for prank master Adam if
you guys do not know not Z Z is my
manager pretty much meeting him we're
the founders of infinity but today I'm
about to fire and he's been my manager
for like four years now he's also my boy
like my brother so I'm gonna tell him
right now that he is sacked he is fired
I know he's gonna go crazy he's gonna go
insane but that's the best part about it
so I'm gonna go set up the camera
ready - yeah thumbs up come on give me a
thumbs up subscribe put your
notifications on okay man like five
minutes Louie well a funny thing
yeah there's five minutes literally five
minutes needs to be tuned like important
yeah that's like really important sorry
I didn't mean like kick them out but I
want to have like a real one I want to
talk with you like you know we met like
how many four years oh yeah we met three
four years ago and I happen to like new
coming into my life like it's just you
know helped me a lot obviously you did
you have a good time
like you know talking to people
negotiating you know getting given
giving me business giving all of us you
know business and just yeah I know
you've been you've been really I know
you're probably one of the realest dudes
that I know cuz it straight up and
everything but I just felt like we
needed to have like a talk
something listen I don't know yeah huh
I don't you feel like I'm giving you
like a lecture nothing yeah yeah alright
so I feel like today after the whole
after the whole show like I don't know I
just felt like I felt different like I I
just didn't feel like you were my
manager yeah I just felt like today
phone please yeah I'm listening can I
get full side book series talk woman
yeah I carry a phone please no please
why not I'm not gonna be the stuff but
you're hiding something from me no so
what all right so I just felt like it
today after the Whole meeting beep we
had and stuff like I mean obviously we
had a whole we had a successful show but
I felt like I felt like you were just
you just and then what yeah I just felt
like that's what I felt you were just
standing there doing nothing like trying
to look cute what do you mean what are
you guys she talking about that's what I
genuinely felt like I felt like I was
doing nothing
yeah like just things I'd do nothing
yeah that's that's what I feel like I
just feel like oh then you're
unappreciated if that's what you think
no but what I'm saying is I've already
told you I appreciate everything because
if for you to for you to say that I
stand there then you you thought you
don't have do you appreciate what are
you doing today you stand in my third
fucking everything whatever you got you
don't even know how this whole thing
come about so have you just turned up
performance yeah that's it yeah I know I
came back about getting a venue and
having a show but you and it's not just
Ken what do you think what do you think
happens that I ring up and I book a
venue is only thing happens I don't know
I book a venue and then we just sell
tickets is that is that what you think
that happens none of it it's not me just
that is even like I didn't feel like if
I'm afraid it's like I know it like what
if someone bigger comes to you like I
say just as I thought Justin Bieber I
feel like you you'll leave me in a
heartbeat or something I don't know I'm
afraid because in the line to take it
says you said you lied machine yes I
guess you have a just conversation with
me yeah actually seriously you seriously
having this conversation I mean we can
still be boys and like yeah we can be
boys at school but I'm I just I'm
confused as to why you're what you're
getting that makes no sense
many because you said first you say that
I do nothing
yeah I felt like you understand in their
vote yeah you just didn't do nothing
like looking like the Statue of Liberty
I think it's not funny not seriously
though like oh I noticed in the
beginning and everything you were you
know when we had you were putting an
effort in something mm I felt like I'm
not putting in effort now I just feel
like today you can just stand there I'm
waiting like wow wow you're saying yeah
that I'm this guy that fucking does
nothing yeah say not do nothing but then
you're scared that my son someone else
so do you know what I think it is I
don't think it's got anything to do me
do it nothing because I think everyone
around us I think the whole team around
us will be able to tell you oh well who
puts in the ground yet okay there's a
way okay so hear me out what I'm saying
let me speak man I know but what I'm
saying is you stand in it especially
today this is like the second time but
where did you see me standing that's
what I wanna know I saw you standing
well you show me standing where while I
was performing performing it what you
mean I was performing I've seen you just
standing in what your shows yeah I know
but I just feel like you shouldn't be or
you know they do something you know you
can be stand there do something always
would you look at this your dog
okay I'm completely lonely wait wait
this comes into the home wait a minute
wait so let me get this right you're
telling me you telling me that all of
you you telling me
my people can dickfoot listen to me this
is one saying I don't care about the
whole mind is your finger minute right
forget okay look forget forget all that
a minute right okay if that's not what
you want to do cool ya think my dancing
you leave I want you to get out Holly oh
my nose yeah we're still boys well you
know I want to see I want to see me boys
yes but I'm talking about the bit where
you saying I don't I spend it we put oh
yeah how much you know speak I just
wanna don't worry to speak I just want
to go my own way you going your own way
that's it oh you're actually little brat
right I'm acting like a brat I'll
respect your decision but you acting
like a little brat
you're not even checking the statistics
statistics you're not even checking it
seriously I'll just check for like
you're not seeing you're not seeing from
my point of view imagine me perform and
working my butt off and then I see the
side you just there just yeah cuz I
worked my butt off to get you onto that
stage I know you I don't know if you
feel some type of way like or something
like that
I don't you feel some type of way you
don't need to being quick I don't need
to believe after tomorrow anyway huh we
leave after tomorrow anyway so by after
tomorrow you can go just credit from
that I leave let you do your thing yeah
no no no you guys they talk they talk
way to leave don't but it's not like
we're excited to go to by anyway I just
need to change my flight
it's not even a neutral I'm out you know
just show we stay up and see this is why
I didn't want you I don't want you
thinking that nice I just felt like you
know I just feel like you're not doing
things right you're nothing like yeah it
is cool you say what you listen you've
got your opinion about me that's cool I
know I know I just want you to respect
my decision respect my opinion and just
hopefully we still continue being boys
and stuff don't say don't ever say oh
you still my boiling so gonna pound it
you know what goes on in your life
absolutely don't be in there as a man
you need control stuff you can be stand
there just looking
what do you great fucking you know what
I just feel like what I just feel like I
feel like that this
guys this is a public message than us
I'm so sorry I didn't mean it I just
wanted to prank you and I needed to
think of something you know crazy to go
to another level man I told you God I'm
the prick man oh my god I'm so sorry sir
you guys enjoyed it makes you guys give
it a thumbs up and do me do me yeah I'm
endless why here I have to go through so
much stuff right now he's probably gonna
curse me out the whole night bah bah
it's all good it was worth day I hope
you guys enjoyed it if you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace baby make some Yemen aid never
place I'll meet you there
but playing like an uber fan makes me
imagine earnest us and see much tuna
