hi guys you guys ready to see my dad
Luke are you ready right yeah right here
what's up Reema what's up man a long
time I know yeah big hug I miss you
Habibi me Marcin rep but I just came
here I'm so sad why because you're not
gonna see me for another long time I'm
leaving
yeah I'm leaving for like two weeks
yeah how you guys doing yeah how you
guys doing good good
you guys ready to want to open up
something from the peel box it's open so
so this is from siddhattha
from London thank you so much you like
her okay we got excited again be careful
you remember when you did that proposal
videos we like you should do it again
cuz I've sent two rings with this box
and I let's see if it also go wrong
let's see y'all know let's open it
wow that is beautiful imma keep the
rings in here and I'm gonna save it for
a proposal a special proposal with
special clothes on that I'm gonna do
soon hey guys what's up and do me ganc I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having maze day so if I'm
having amazing day you should be having
an amazing day too
I am here I have a flight to catch in
three hours that is home eating right
now it's my seat and then I'm so happy I
feel like I've been waiting like it's
one all my life 22 years to give my dad
something like a car like something
crazy and after everything he's been
through
I feel so like I feel so great that he's
gonna I know he's gonna love it so
hopefully it turns out great and right
now we're gonna get some floor mats and
stuff like that we'll see how it goes we
do it some pretty much it man
that's ready ready surprise good do ya
you sure I can do it good okay
just waiting on how we go down let's go
tell you do the car washes in America I
never see them in the UK doing car
washes like this
the I did do like regular car wash of
the hand I don't know if you have it but
in America hi guys you guys ready to see
my dad's new car you ready it is all
right so it's whatever it's one of his
favorite favorite cars my dad chose blue
because it's my favorite collegially
only likes silver he likes silver a lot
we chose blue because he thinks the cars
for me something which is so sweet but
he's still gonna like it Nisa has to get
the car but this is it and this is it
right here right there that is sick
we're getting the matches right there
for guys excited
yeah dollar fifty
well that's how they do it this is my
dad's new ride you know and I'll say
right I'm so excited for me to see it
it's getting me on a main channel video
so new video on the main channel a
couple days after I did I got a flight
to catch in three hours so I have to
surprise him do this video and then I'm
out
eyes leaving with the airport right now
my dad and brother just dropped me off
with the brand-new car I love you guys
I miss you guys in two weeks they just
woke up right now the car she's so cold
I'm sorry take it right we good MADD my
math I'm gonna miss me I miss you guys a
lot take care be good right make sure
you call me in face time you okay okay
all right take it I love you have fun we
need anything let me know
and it was messing with you let me know
okay I'm fine leave me to give it to him
they don't care he's even listen I have
a mouse key I love you our figure he
said that what's up I just landed here
in London Heathrow I'm waiting in my
baggage at the baggage claim I want to
give you huge shout out to my eyes to
putting me through fast-track and help
me skip the whole life there was so many
people I would have had to wait probably
like an hour hour and a half but right
now I'm gonna be in London I'm so tired
like this is the time I sleep I sleep
usually like around 3:00 4:00 a.m. and
it's 8:30 8:30 a.m. here which is 3:00
4:00 a.m. in New York City which is the
time I completely like knocked out and
stuff so I just got to loved it but I'm
not staying a mother for now I'm leaving
to Germany in like 15 hours and after
that I'm gonna go to Amsterdam for the
event Amsterdam and after MCM I might be
going back to Germany because our
flights from Germany
then gonna be back here to the UK so
hopefully also that great I'm so excited
for the next few days I probably don't
look it because I'm so tired but I'm so
so excited to be seen you guys in em Sam
and if I bum in some of you in Germany
London Manchester Birmingham I hope you
guys are ready cuz I'm ready I'm ready
I'm but oh oh look who I just bumped
into ha now's easy but your hair is a
mess but this one what that I'm having a
wicked day so if I'm having a wicked day
have you got a BM guys grazie I haven't
seen him for so long but we just met up
and he got this like he changed his car
from the black Mercedes tit his white
Mercedes which it looks really really
dope it's like a car vlog it's so much
like oh look oh okay
I'm happy I'm happy okay you can row
hey hey hey you ever come on is it
I don't know what the heck we're on this
new ride it is six much better than
black Mercedes well this one is sick as
though we're heading Murray tell him
O'Hara to to the talks in a few hours
where to with Germany Germany we're
going to Germany and after that
Amsterdam then after that we're back in
the UK so three countries in three days
in a row so it's gonna be crazy crazy
next three days so I haven't slept yet
so for this all good we're gonna be on
work it out so we just got to the hotel
Hilton Hotel in UK and this is the
vending machine you've had it was all
you want to get so this event it's a
live vending machine you shoes it's a
glass and you want to get carry-on wanna
warm please this is the vending machine
that's where he told us as a vending
machine so we came here and then I guess
let me get on mom where do I put my
coins in let me get a Hammond um I'll
get about a water - okay yeah how much
is it okay it's how much is it you don't
make it I don't know what is goody right
now no matter when the Whole meeting gas
in the unload right now isn't any on
four pounds not ready have this you
could find out why not like that right
there
Kinder Bueno milkshake no oh my Kindle
wanna make some accomplished in no way
no manners we leave into Germany a
couple hours inside of come here neon
have a chill-out
go to Germany
back and we'll be here ready oh my gosh
so it's time to wrap up this vlog hope
you all enjoyed this flag if you did and
you made it to this vlog make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey I just
woke up from like a five-hour nap I'm
heading to Germany literally right now
so I'm wrapping up the vlog right here
so you guys can have a daily vlog try my
best to have a day of like every single
day and not trying to miss a day so
hopefully each other alternate ro all
turns out well and I have no horrible
Wi-Fi fast Wi-Fi so I can upload you
guys a blogs every day all I gotta do is
you guys go turkey everyday and imma
take you guys with me to Germany
Amsterdam London Manchester Birmingham
and that I'll see you guys tomorrow
I did not want to film anything with my
dad I want to keep it for the main
channel video his reaction his reaction
was kind of like it was funny he's
acting funny and really cute and just so
touching it's gonna be up this Thursday
at 2 p.m. eastern time so hope you guys
are all ready it's finally here I have
delet thank you daddy for so much for
your love and support thank you to all
of you for your love and support I'll
see you guys tomorrow and pics allow you
do me mmm
always a feather I'm strapping full
teeth let me write them away okay
this would choose to say
