like oh she's calling you FaceTime hi
say why you sound like a grandpa what
why feel like giver I really Gupta and
say that well I sit on me beemo
I'm so scared right now go into the
barber shop and I'm probably gonna take
a chance I'm so worried oh my god I
don't know what to do like I'm going on
tour I don't want to have the same
hairstyle so I might take a chance in
life today I might just take a chance I
might not even show my hair because you
guys are all just gonna roast some
yourself
what's a badami gang right now I am in
the Train I'm gonna be vlogging like
this because I don't know I need to get
used to my hair once I use of my hair
then I'm going to show you guys so right
now I'm in the train I'm gonna be I
don't know I'm thinking weird vlogging
like let me just show her fine final
shot ready set up
ready set go
ah no no
no look I
hey I'm sorry for the loud trains but
I decided to bring it back to baby Adam
so let me know in the comments below if
I made the right decision or not I
decided to cut it because of my hair so
damaged from like the blonde hair that I
had in the green hair that I had for the
brown hair has so my eye was so damaged
one time we know what let me started
let me let it grow fresh again and I
decided I want to be like I have a
different hairstyle for the tourists
coming up so I will just keep it like
this and let it go
I don't know if the house barrel right
great good sure that lights me man all
right
so far so good my mom likes it my mom
and dad like loved it so much I don't I
sing the gates to it that's why before I
was looking like before I was looking so
crazy like so bad that's what I was
tweeting like oh my god because I was at
the barbershop
while I was looking at my hair but then
after like 20 30 minutes he fixed it up
I'm over fix it up much much better so I
kind of like it much better than it was
before I didn't want it like you guys
always like roast me stuff like that so
I was getting ready to be roasted by you
guys but I promise the roast of a do me
game is coming soon trust me it's coming
from the roast of idumaean roast all of
you all of you all the times you roasted
me YUM gross all yeah that guy's making
some sick beats of light like plates and
stuff I can imagine my mom was like a
mecha wash I like the pan and pots and
everything and just make it so crazy
Arabic be and I'm there and I'm a lady
dancing Billy didn't sinister hi guys
right now I'm at this cigar shop I'm not
getting nothing but has good lighting I
told you some to meet me here and he is
here right now and he's looking at me so
we oh oh oh my god yo it's not that bad
sure is oh it's alright
look what are you doing
yeah I'll get again this again
Ali will be honest a lot of can but he's
messing it up back in 2012
yeah I know that yeah I know this is
like fetus Adam Buffalo or whatever year
oh my god
I look I just I'm not used to yep I'm
gonna get used to it hashtag pray for
slim guys
so she's losing his voice and like
what's up he's a damn right
yeah man I do it I get it kinda like it
much longer
all right honey little blue in it Julian
I leave Miami dear brother what's up
getting these peppers are making his
move Donatella joking about this thank
you oh god I'm getting my cash I gotta
catch'em off - oh hey
I love this we gotta open up the
side gotta open up the side will be the
copy what visitor
that's a Debbie paper I'm just gonna
have fun
hit me master just amaze me okay
Reinhart from your own heart understand
what your everyday go it going away day
everything I watch me piss on the Rachel
 I ain't tryin to have tell you in
it I put my hands on
oh sorry the home ERV I RV light so you
guys been guessing the way he's from all
of them got literally like 95% you guys
got it wrong where he's from lottery was
at persian someone even said like
australia australia italian rican Teske
waiver good
um I mean Ian I'm Hindu Punjabi that's
crazy yeah that's after your Spanish
when I seen it I got a little reading a
lot about this Persian era what are you
guys looking like you can pick up like
past anything
oh thanks I'll pass for Arabs that's
crazy he's Tyga's know Arvin is Indian
yeah you guys Bollywood you know Sonic
what's up guys just met the homie asked
us to do it so I saw give us an Assad
right here away from back there Thanks
we're Pakistani from x10 were Punjab
Gujarat which one is back support no
even a long time you know I've been
there
oh yeah so you look yeah
to Lahore and Karachi stuff like that so
you're usually shut off anybody shadow
total pegs man what stuff you gotta say
this like people with people in the UK
when you say that word that's a bad word
what
another p-a-k-i word that USA Pakistan
we don't know everyone here in America
says it like ass normal but in America
in different UK so yeah a lot of people
new can't watch so yeah so package come
on bad guys so good oh and II don't know
I didn't before backside didn't over
yeah so thank you so much for not madam
pound
time recommend Thank You Man we say bye
guys it was time to wrap up this vlog
hope you all enjoyed this flag if you
did enjoy this vine if you didn't make
it to them swag make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey and let me know
in the comments below what you guys
think about my haircut I don't know I'm
not feeling it I might like I don't know
it might take me a while to get used to
it but I don't know but hopefully I
guess when it gets all right so I'll see
you guys tomorrow do me gang thank you
guys so so much for your love and
support every single day I'm Twitter
Instagram everywhere every social media
I appreciate every single one of you so
thank you so much I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care and peace I love you I'm here
for you
always in favor I'm strapped full tooth
let me write them away and I came this
would choose to say
