Remo did you watch my new video hey guys
what's up and do me gank I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
amazing it so if I'm having amazing here
we have it listen Dave son
what are you doing other things ever
yeah so are you guys nervous anymore oh
man that is cool man everybody knows
right now we're at the river police
believe it or not Oh Museum never been
here I never - you guys here so that's
how to take guys here and I'm here with
the homie slim some say what up oh great
day this is the world
prentice-hall this worked auditory magic
in the world fair he passed away he's
nine feet back time and that is crazy
but that's super him
that's crazy slim yeah he makes you look
short whoa yeah oh my god touch her row
she gonna do nothing yeah he's catching
him by you know stop oh my god her face
feels so real so for this whole vlog
Slim's voice he's gonna sound like a
grandpa so it's only the own I don't
know he's been screaming a lot from
winning on us and it's in the three it I
don't have he's a sore winner we're
describing he's a someone he doesn't
know how I know why he's a sore winner
whenever you want to scream so loud he
beat me like and super smash like 20
times he would win and scream so loud
and he lost his voice
so that's your like that's why I was
eager a sore woman next guy it has two
tongues online or something like that
like he made himself a lizard all right
telex okey good yeah that's a real hear
me we're gonna be your teacher say mr.
Saleh and Albert mr. Albert and mr.
Saleh we're gonna teach you guys today
so as we go around we see will it fly
across it's a crocodile
oh my goodness it's credited with the
deaths of 17 people and that was just in
2004 did you see that crack it over
there guys look don't go near that
crocodile you know why kills people
it deals people killed 17 people which
is one year in one year it's on the
phone which is pretty scary but means it
could be the next victims
oh I'll fight that card up oh yeah
I'll run away little and be sure to be a
blast video that's going out now I would
never do boxing video but much fun girls
oh come on past is present what I'm
doing in this video it comes it's like
in the past see this look I'm going like
this a twerk twerk I stopped working
similarly there are guys so this is a
goat that has two heads
my dad will love this rig know then come
the own worst enemies so they pretty
much hit each other but he just like
living with your enemy like stop on the
same boat anything I'm not hating the
person and you with them together like
this I'm like yeah most of your life
I've ever bite you said I don't fight
you but you feel it too yeah like
that's crazy so this could actually like
this museum it makes me feel smart okay
it's reeducate abusive Oh what the hell
oh shoot this is the world's tallest
woman's clothes over here this is crazy
ah I want to have an Adam Adam but oh
but how'd you get the museum bro this is
good news cause it is oh oh oh
where am I no I want to play a game Adam
mr. albear so you see changing sheet
this is the status of love like wealth
looks little rich so every year they
don't add like another one because you
know how rich they are really and it was
shred because they're really heavy it
was rusted - Tracy this is the normal
neck and has that very stretch with all
these icons thank you so no night yeah
fastening see that they were aware of
you'll mess up their rib cage and
everything what are the heck did you see
show that there will be yeah what's the
heck somehow every word focus you like
hahaha na mele it shows he will see you
know hey boy
yo honest that's you how's your girl let
me go on the awesome
what zags wait this is so sick you can
make your song understand
where I miss I'll be her know how to
tell us as you can see the same liar
liar pants on fire and China back into
over to BC when you were convicted as a
liar to punish them they will put them
on this thing you know that is ouch
that's crazy you see the part marks
everything so this is where the same
came from my friends if you're a
troublemaker basically they put your
head into this so if we head into this
to put people's heads in there and take
them out this is crazy most places most
of the box you open is I'm not touching
nothing you open it Oh what the heck
open ahead bro open again open again
what the heck there's a guy there's
Olympus or LPS of Alexandria 17 inch and
a half tall he was a dwarf he's a real
human being he was guilty of treason
where basically he murdered and like
this stuff did horrible stuff and his
like him his punishment was being in a
bird cage so he was locked up basically
in a bird cage which is so crazy bro
that I imagine being locked up a human
being in a bird cage superhero guys i'ma
show you guys the most craziest the most
interesting thing ever so back in the
days if you're a troublemaker they put
your head in through here and they chop
your head and they keep your head in
like a jar like a jar looks like this
like that was one of the guys who got a
head chopped up that was another one of
the guys there there was another one
right there
got another one right there that's crazy
man this guy looks like slim it looks
like you oh it doesn't look like me
looks like yeah yeah hi guys you guys
see that pencil you see the light in the
front the pencil someone made this
inside of it right but you see this four
faces right there I don't know if you
can see it but yesterday this is Abraham
Lincoln made out of pennies out of old
pennies which are dirty and old and
newer ones which is lighter
they made Abraham Lincoln this is so
crazy
and then there's Barack Obama made out
of candy who does this Americans you
guys are crazy they made him out of
candy
how do they make Obama made out of kilos
what the heck this is crazy look we
handed hands in what they know he's done
it explained some of the top we can see
it on they can't see us like if you have
to pull the tongue out bang on a baby
everything look if she can't see nothing
come on man come in do your tongue good
not good surely she's gonna implicate
she's fix it in here
Jana see us receive oh look at that
bugger stuff up
what did you watch my new video by lying
to me
I don't know lie yes you were lying to
me you didn't watch it move back move
back move back lay back I want you to
listen to this and tell me how it makes
you feel okay
so Rima tell me how did it make you feel
ah be honest didn't make you feel good
yes do you know what that is
what is it Oh what is it daddy it's a
ham no it's not real it's called an
Seiko dad dad so what is this good ad
yes good job okay now you know what it
is not Raheem it's what I'm good at
yes listen to more you about the cry
room yeah well looks like about the car
huh hi guys it was time to wrap up this
vlog hope you all enjoy this fog if you
did and you made it to the end swag make
sure you get it thumbs up and Pete know
and go turkey tacky
oh my right I gotta do me thank you so
much on your love and support on the new
video if you guys haven't watch it make
sure you go check it out the link is
down below share with all your family
and friends seriously I am you wanna
kiss them go okay now you made the whole
screen foggy and stuff I just want to
say that you guys I'm seriously so proud
of you guys so thank you so so much for
level support and spreading so much
positivity so much just blessing
people's timelines people's pages and
all the sharings and stuff I follow so
much people on Twitter I follow so much
people on Instagram so I wanna say thank
you guys so much for making me happy so
I hope you guys are proud see you guys
tomorrow
take care earng peace I like
you
