come sit right somebody sit down I'm
screamin eyes up
so what happens when he sees himself but
hey guys what's up a dummy gang I hope
you all are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day with
me and Muhsin so you guys should be
having an amazing day - is that right
Marcin yes yes look at those cheeks look
gap boy gap boy what you gonna do what
you gonna do when it comes for you gap
or gap boy my mom was trying to offer to
cut his whole hair if I was a no mom
thank you no thank you but I'm gonna
take him to the barber shop she wants me
to take him to the barbershop and shave
his whole head but I'm not gonna let
that mess up the hair like that I'm
gonna give him a nice little cut and
hopefully it turns out cool you know
what I'm sayin
you're not gonna cry this time right no
more crying no more crying cuz gap boy
he's a big boy
watch still watching Muhsin why is he
open his mouth again
Muhsin cat boy got boy
what are you trying to say okay what you
didn't play the video what all right
what happened I'm gonna play the video I
won't - he's trying to say what he
always has talked to me every day is I
did that I did that I seen that treat of
your I've seen it like a day later I'm
like what - Chatta moving - you make fun
of me but yo especially gotta spread
positivity when I'm saying positivity no
no
clovis you vote gave me spider
negativity like that he's like I'm
having a Saturday you should be having
said no you have a Saturday they should
still be having a man this guy's crazy
bro
we're out here and you're the square
filming with the homie right show me
camera right dark right there it's gonna
be a cool video finally filming and I'm
supposed to film last week with a slim
did his video now this week I'm doing my
video we are here with this really weird
person this is the would probably the
weirdest person in New York City right
now are you ready for the ultimate fart
heart yeah what is that look at me in
the eyes
feel the connection Oh family I'm a big
fan of Batman like Batman I like you man
is a I like Batman I like fart parts I
like everything about life come on
everybody get excited this is our life
you only live it once
Oh me hug man be nice guy I don't what's
in it Joseph Joseph will stop you shout
out to the hold me Joseph hearing your
Josephine healthy 13 Joseph 13 years old
you shout out the name Rudy will stop
Rudy you know him
getting everything can I really that's
cool son alright so we just got done
with filming and Heimdall I'm finally
done with my video finally no video
coming soon I will tell you guys at the
end of this vlog when is gonna be out
because I do not know one yeah but you
chatter to slim for helping me out I
always help him out he helps me out so
because it always motivate motivate each
other you know I'm saying it's really
good video man it really careful it was
so inspirational without editing just
being which is doing it was so
inspirational I haven't done like I
haven't done a video like this for so
long so hopefully tonight great and
we're here with the homie Yoshi but I
would just met up with him he looks like
he just came from the North Pole and
alle like in the South Pole it looks
like you just came from Hawaii like
moving like it was like what confuses
stuff hey bad girls be like do my
Instagram photo shoot what's up do me
gang I am home here first of all I just
want to say that I'm so sorry but I'm
not turning this vlog into a little rant
but it's an important it's something
important I want to talk about you guys
about my future videos and I'm sorry for
the past Vox it has been just like I
feel like wasn't good enough but if you
guys did enjoy it then thank you so much
but I've been working extra hard riding
some crazy ideas for my main channel I
have it like uploaded anything for about
three months because of all the hacking
stuff has been going on but I am finally
gonna be doing a comeback video tomorrow
Thursday around to 3 p.m. about tell you
guys about that at the end of this frame
so I started off doing videos I started
off doing you know Islamic videos that's
what I love doing I love spreading you
know positivity I love doing cultural
videos some most I'm Muslim you know but
I haven't done a Muslim video for so
long because there's been people around
me telling me like or you shouldn't do
you shouldn't do them with some video
you know you should you should do other
videos so so you know so white people
can see it so Americans can see it and
you get bigger that way and you know I'm
not gonna I kind of did brainwash it
didn't like brainwash about it it didn't
get to me and I'm just like you know
what I should do like videos where like
where other people will see it not
Muslim so like I've been I thought about
it I'm like it's just
just not me like I love doing Islamic
videos here and there I love doing also
regular videos where everyone can see it
but some people are telling me to stop
the whole Islamic video I'm like yo look
like that's just not me I'm gonna
continue on doing Islamic videos my next
video it is an Islamic video and I will
tell you guys more about it at the end
but I just felt like you know I
definitely sharing that with you guys I
haven't done a video like a true Islamic
video for so long and I feel like this
comeback video it means so much to me
like it was it was so inspirational like
just doing it so knowing that when it
goes on video with that you know that
little inspiration music with it's gonna
inspire so many people and it was just
an amazing isn't it
it was an amazing feeling doing that
video so I just want to tell you guys
that I need every single one of your
support for this video I believe in you
guys so so much to like go hard and
thumbs up go hard in the comments go
hard with spreading the message go hard
with sharing on Twitter Facebook
Instagram posting answer I'm gonna be
doing the most biggest following spree
and every social media wants these
videos out tomorrow on Thursday around 2
to 3 p.m. Eastern Time New York City
time I'm gonna be following people on
Instagram probably like a hundred people
so many people on Twitter I'm gonna file
as much as I can on Twitter on Facebook
if you share it I'm gonna go personally
message you I just want you guys to show
so much love so much support on the new
video that I'll be doing for the
comeback video it's something so
inspirational like like I don't know
like I've been wanting to do this video
for so long for two years since praying
in public but I've been had like I've
had people around me saying I don't do
it my brother my little brother gave me
this idea about two years ago because I
had um you know you should go around I'm
gonna say you should go around public
you know letting I'm not gonna see I'll
just keep it as a surprise
another person would tell me to his
video and he's always been reminding me
the other day is I don't mind if she do
it or didn't she do it you know my
little bird that kicks me out he's one
to tell me to do that video he's the one
to tell me like do it I'm gonna go look
I know I'm gonna do our problems that's
getting my comeback video I'll do it so
that will be my comeback video and I
promise you guys there will be a lot a
lot more main channel videos coming soon
the video with my dad I'm gonna do a
prank on him another video with my dad
me give him the car a lot more outside
in public a lot more Islamic videos a
lot more you know videos where like
where we connected to a lot connected to
God you know even even Christians Jews
can watch the videos everyone can watch
the videos and a lot of people who say
oh no I'm not gonna do something videos
yeah I want to get big I want Hollywood
to see me well just remember there's
almost 2 billion people who are Muslim
in this world there's 2 billion Muslims
in this world if you're Muslim make sure
you say Muslim you know don't don't be
afraid to say it you know I know there's
a lot of judgments of people but let
them judge let the judge who who are
they to judge who wouldn't let them
judge all they want there's about 2
billion people in the world that are
Muslim and a lot of people that are not
you'll get a bigger fan base if you
don't do some videos like know being
Muslim say numbers will be Muslim fans
people will like you
they'll be put people who who aren't
Muslim will be will be enjoying your
videos I still do a lot of videos that
aren't a song but I don't want to stop
doing some videos because that's how I
started that's what I love doing I love
spreading positive messages so my nights
coming on video which is tomorrow around
2 or 3 p.m. will be a nice inspirational
Islamic video and after that it will be
many more videos that you guys can look
forward to and I'm so sorry I was saying
after talking so much I'm so sorry for
ranting and letting this out but I was
I've been working so hard today editing
and filming and finding the perfect
reactions but ham to let it went amazing
100% amazing I'm so excited for this
video to be out and I'm relying and I do
magan you guys to show it to the whole
world so once it's out let's do this and
let's make it go big for this video sure
so I'll see you guys tomorrow do me Hank
I love you guys so much I've been so
tired past couple days because I'm going
on tour I'm technically to go on a tour
and about in about a week or so I'm
gonna Amsterdam Germany London
Manchester and Birmingham chuckling
going on tour and tour is not like oh my
god he's exploring the city it's it's
something you know where you don't know
how to work and stuff like that seeing
you guys which my favorite part but it's
also doing a lot of work and being tired
but everything will go well because I'm
already used to it I never sleep so I'll
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace if you guys ready tomorrow
video make sure you give us a fuck
thumbs up show me show me how turkey you
guys are gonna go by giving this back a
thumbs up tomorrow to 3 p.m. I'll see
you there
take care no you you always a fan
promise you that let me write them away
this what you say
