mummy's little gentleman huh hey guys
what's up Adobe gang I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
amazing day so far have an amazing day
you should be having an amazing day too
today I am out gonna be going to
rehearsals
for the whole day so I'm not gonna be
vlogging that much I don't wanna show
much Versalles I might show a little bit
at the end of the vlog bye got a big big
surprise for you guys I don't know if
it's a big surprise but this is a
surprise basically I recorded Djem and
Rima and the homie Boston back in New
York City before I came to the UK I've
lived with them for a bit before so I
can upload it in between when I'm away
for you guys so yeah thumbs up for that
and I'm a cut two to the homies Rima
Japan and Mawson right there
what's up mummy's little gentleman huh
hi get back a bad you a know me like
that
yeah bag you thinks I'm a hugger
what happen why you want to call him got
one you're a gap girl uh-huh the gap
girl my son is turning toll on you he's
almost your height mashallah yes yes
he's gonna be your house soon good nice
enjoy safley Jomon you tell me let's see
if you know enough about massa
all right who is he to you
oh you got a right good job
how old is he when is his birthday
so can we - Wow muscle you got it good
job thank you
Reva one is um muscles birthday one ten
nine
tell them right now right now I'm gonna
be in a different country but I'm
vlogging extra so they can see you live
so say thumbs up for that say look so
give me a message okay wait look at this
kid
look at this kid he's stuck in the
middle give me let me get real now that
I'm gone right now you're not seeing me
coz when it's up I'm gonna be away give
me a message that you want to tell me
what's the message give me a sweet
message you go I know what I'm gonna
miss you oh how much you're gonna miss
me like 300 that's it
no I'm just gonna leave whatever I'm
doing I'll do another oh hi guys I'm
here to rehearse and things I needed to
have a comma with someone so I'm trying
like make NAS right here he needs to
like reply to me what weapon pinched
from for what he's been laughing so hard
but because me and him have been having
a combo up and dying laughing we can't
he can't take me serious looking like
this how did he well oh my god you keep
laughing at her it's 4:00 a.m. right now
look it's legit fo xi am i charged ready
hey baby look what do you mean ma'am
I'm trying to get it done son Oh
something high-ranking why can't you
talk to me like this Nazca was it hey
come on come on whoa Oh get it done this
is not take - this is take 85 row
already sir come on guys would you would
you guys talk to me from like this
what's wrong all right ready ahh
except me then go yeah what do you mean
what am I doing here
huh I'm here to check up on you what did
it going I'm talking to my friend oh
yeah I get I can't do this I can't do
this well none of them sick all right
all right okay last stop
just do this in your head did a
Monsignor okay I need someone to talk to
her cuz I need someone sighs oh big
man he jumps here ugly ugly woman bro
come on come on son
I didn't vlog much study mama keep this
in just to show you guys how much we've
been rehearsing how crazy and hard it is
it's not that easy it's not that easy
especially when you're doing something
really funny I take a hundred well this
is actually something serious we're
doing but it just looks already well
who's your friend huh tell me tell me
now the gang members
I'm Sachi gonna kick his head come on
come on Road we have you finished 10
seconds of this like thinking it's been
going on for 40 minutes
so take hundred to actually say thank
you off all your chocolate so you guys
always give seriously I'm literally
finished almost like all of it this is
almost not all I got is left but trying
to say thank you guys so much you guys
do not know how much it means I always
get so hungry and then I have nothing to
eat then I just like eat your chocolate
you guys give me so thank you guys so so
much I'm so excited to be seeing you
guys as we finally finished the
recording after literally like an hour
in us it took so so long doing the whole
thing but having love you got it all
done we are ready for the London show on
October 25th in the o2 arena which is
crazy I'm so excited I'm really really
nervous because I've never performed and
like well I've never performed like
something like this big which I'm so
excited about so I hope you all come and
make me feel comfortable you know
because I want to be nervous so like
that Manchester is a day after October
26th and where is it that knows what's a
cold on top of Old Trafford yeah at foot
is that a football ground so yeah you
guys should know where's that and
Birmingham is in Town Hall right the
main tell main Town Hall is gonna be
huge events for amazing cause so I want
you all to come to bring your friends
bring your family it is a free of the I
repeat Murray that there will be spare
tickets on the day of the event because
people were just getting those free
tickets and you can book it some people
just getting free tickets just for the
sake of it so there will be seats
available I'm just telling you guys that
now so bring your friends bring your
family it's gonna be crazy we gonna turn
up it's gonna be crazy I'm so so excited
I cannot wait to go I want to see every
single a dummy gang in there and I'll
see you guys tomorrow if you guys
enjoyed this vlog make sure you give it
a thumbs up and go turkey I know I did
not like much I was rehearsing literally
all day
fixing up all day you guys gonna see the
next few days of like how it goes on to
the shows and everything so I hope you
guys stick with me stay with me
and I say thank you guys so so much for
loving support on the new video thank
you so much for all your continuous
support my dad my family everyone is so
proud of me and I'm seriously proud of
you guys for spreading not just that the
new video that we had my dad but also
the Quran in public videos even my dad's
friends you know who don't even watch
YouTube that's that's the amazing thing
so I want to say thank you guys from
above my heart and that's all I've
pretty much got this every day I try to
thank us with vlogs
even if I'm busy I still try to upload
if I'm doing anything because I can't
also try to upload anything for you guys
so thank you guys so much see you guys
tomorrow
take care dummy gang and peace hello you
here for you
always in favor I'm sure that those
teeth let me write them away I know okay
this what you say
