hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because I
don't have an amazing it so if I'm
having an amazing day you should be
having a amazing day too so today there
was there's no vlog up but there is a
main channel video that is up so make
sure you go check it out and go to it is
in the link down below go extra Turkey
on I'm so happy made me feel so happy
cuz my dad is super super happy I've
never seen him so happy and I've never
seen him almost tear cuz my dad is like
a manly man
he's gemiini so he would never like tear
anything like that but when I gave him
the car he felt so he felt so happy that
he didn't want to show like his you know
his little feelings that but he did feel
so touching because afterwards you would
tell me so much so I'm texting me so
much amazing stuff so huge shout out to
my dad and I love you so much and I hope
you enjoyed the car but today I wanted
to give you guys something instead of no
vlogs so I decided to give you guys some
announcements the first one is I'm
supposed to be choosing a winner for the
500,000 subscriber giveaway on this
channel I finally decided what I would
give the winner which was my Segway
board my hoverboard but my hoverboard
broke when I went to Detroit I'm using
right now this is this is not mine's
nuts but my one broke and I can't give
it away or nothing like that try to fix
it anything but let me know in the
comments below what you guys think I
should give away for for the winner for
the 500,000 subscriber winner or should
I wait I'm thinking I should either wait
for a million subscribers for on my main
channel and do a huge huge giveaway
maybe even give out like a trip what you
like bring you guys fly you guys out to
where I'm at and wherever you guys are
to New York and I'm gonna take you guys
a day with Adam Saleh in New York City
what you guys think about that should I
wait for a million subscriber giveaway
and do that and should I also do a mini
giveaway for the 500,000 subscribers let
me know in comments but I will be to
doing that once I reach a million
subscribers on my main channel so make
sure you guys go subscribe go extra
turkey go it just means whoever shows
love whoever thumbs up the videos
whatever always comments whatever tweets
me over balls me on all social media you
have a higher chance of winning and
whoever I see the most like showing a
lot of love I'll do that so yeah and the
other announcement is on October 25th I
will be performing in London October
I will be performing in Manchester on
October 27th I will be performing in
Birmingham these three shows are all
free shows so bring your friends your
family my PD who I partnered up with
right now they decided to add extra
seats in the shows because do not wanna
miss the Serie C is free that's the
first thing it's free so you don't got
nothing to complain about
second of all it's in a big big it's an
o2 arena and they go out to arena I'm so
nervous I'm so excited so it's like
super professional it sounds like
something where like all you just go on
my that site they said it's not an
official site we can get your tickets
but whatever it doesn't have tickets
just come through I'm telling you the
sound of me Adam come through just come
I need all of you guys to come
Manchester is gonna be in the Manchester
United Football Club Birmingham is gonna
be in town hall make sure you guys all
come through I want every single do me I
to come to show you love it's gonna be
an amazing amazing time and I cannot
wait and I'll see you guys there
let me know I'll see you guys tomorrow
with a real blog and hope you guys enjoy
this even I didn't I wanted to give you
guys something so okay I still give it a
thumbs up and so go Turton take care and
peace hello
you
