hello might how's it going what's up it
do me getting my name is Adam Saleh I am
here with my nephew Yousef Saleh
how is it going guys how you guys doing
good you're doing good yeah I'm having a
great day home so if you're having a
great day you should be having a great
day and I found having a great day you
should be having an amazing day and if
you're not hopefully this video makes
you have a great day alright so Yousef
came up with this crazy challenge to do
which is called the confession challenge
the confession challenge each of us will
say confession that you guys do not know
and he thought do me gang would love
that you guys would love to hear
confessions and just for that you
started the game
you go first I created this so I make
this room and play rock-paper-scissors
whoever wins I Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
ah guys warning I'm gonna say these
confessions do not judge me based on my
confessions do not yeah
did I hate me based on my confessions so
this confession is alright okay okay
it's kind of a hard confession but I'm
gonna say I'm gonna say alright well
this here alright so when I found out
Rima was a girl before she was born I
was so mad when she was born as a girl I
was so mad boy didn't what I know wait
before we tell you what don't kill you I
wait wait wait it's just I had so many
nieces I have so many nieces like about
eight nieces I kind of wanted a nephew
when she was born I got really like I
was I was like know what I'm not gonna
go I'm not gonna talk to out my Strummer
I'm not talking about I don't like her I
don't like Rima like good month or two
and then look at it now like look at us
now like after a while like me Rima who
would have ever thought me and Maria
more are like the closest out of my
whole nieces in a few sorry like yeah me
and Rima her legs around know me andrea
more like the coast is like we love each
other the most like
I love her so much she loves me so much
and it's crazy how in the beginning
which is something I regret I regret
like not showing her that much love for
the first month she was born sarima if
you're watching this I'm so sorry and I
made a mistake not like me just cuz
you're a girl you know I like radio as a
girl and you're go that's it I shouldn't
be mad because I want to nephew me
already have you have me I have him now
I have him ready but I love you Rima oh
my god I can't believe I understand that
our use of you go was hear confession go
alright so you know the last time I
slept over Alice yeah like I used your
toothbrush it look like a new toothbrush
I didn't know then you went the bathroom
and you use the same one or like always
Adams toothbrush right - Nancy monk now
bye watch the good we should have told
me sometime to give you a new toothbrush
something wrote now it's kind of like I
just wanted to brush my teeth you know
get over it alright that was nasty I
what the heck nice confession ready gay
Rock vs Rock Paper Scissors shoot Rock
Paper Scissors shoot Rock Paper Scissors
shoot rock there's this issue ah oh we
keep doing the same one I use it go
okay straight confession another
confession way I'm still nervous no I'm
forgetting my confession right now are
you getting read did it like this
confession is about it
send your read her into my sweater haha
alright this confession like nobody
knows it and and everybody thinks like
I'm like Shia stuff because of it but
like whenever like you put the camera
and I get kind of camera shy so like if
you guys think that like I'm quiet and
stuff I'm really not like I'm really
outgoing person that's a confession to
you guys but that's true I notice that
when I put the camera you guys so shy
like he's just a whole different person
he tries to like hey how's it going
what's up my name is Yusef know like
that that's what off the camera is I
haha yeah enough today I was walking on
the yoke you know what leave with this
ain't honey about
hey I noticed you got camera shy he's
not really care much oh he's actually
really crazy and I'm going you know he's
part of the Adams family Adams ratchet
fam alright Adam it is your turn
alright my confession is I don't know if
some of you guys on that but I really
really really I'm not gonna say hate but
I really dislike my hair I just dislike
you so much what I hate my hair and I
hate my hairline I'm lying
I don't like it we got like the
straightest hairline Lego nah I don't I
just don't like it and that is why I'm
gonna come ire next week that's
confession ready Ron eclipses says shoot
ha ha ha
my nice confession yes I hope the person
down but to talk about is it watching
this I'm scared go ahead what is it so
what my grandpa is in the house I use
his Cologne oh stop what you using
people's stuff within our homes of like
though he has some nice Escalona like it
smells nice it's like some is that you
know like eirick must yeah oh yeah that
way I don't blink oh yeah but every just
please grandpa which is my uncle cos I
respect he's a really cool dude if
you're watching this dude why use the
cloak so if you ever wonder why your
clever one is running fast and like it's
finishing fast now you know and if you
ever wonder why it smells so good
now you not heating up my confession
alright this one this is gonna be a long
one this is gonna be a big one Oh what
is it misses a big one you know it oh
this is a serious confession and I've
never really told you guys I never
really told you guys I you guys might
look at me really differently I can't
believe I'm actually can I say it right
now I would say and I'm explain every
single one I might spend every single
one of it okay
I've i Adam Saleh
do not give me different let me finish
my story let me finish it all I know
here it is I've been arrested three
times I really hope you guys don't judge
me or look at me wrong I look at me like
I'm some type of criminal because I am
NOT if you guys do not know back about
four or five years ago I was I was a
complete different person I was so like
my behavior was so bad I used to fight
so much I should be so
so the first time I got arrested was for
going through the turnstile of the Train
I didn't I didn't pay for my fare I had
money on me but I just decided to go
through because the train was like
they're not I was in a rush so I decided
to go through and when I went there all
of a sudden just cops I don't know where
just grabbed me and they ended up
arresting me because I had a ticket and
I didn't pay for that ticket so since I
had a ticket I didn't pay for they
arrested me for that and I got arrested
for about a day and that was gone like
after like two three weeks that whole
the whole like record the whole that
whole charge was gone for the trailer
was all gone so Hampton thought I was
gone but then when I'm seven times
seventeen the second time I got arrested
was because I fought my Dean I told you
guys what story the Dean was really
racist he basically he mimicked my mom
we had like I had a fight and he
mimicked my mom wouldn't be had a
conference I got really really mad I hit
his computer he touched me and then he
touched my shoulder like down then I
ended up swinging at him and like hit
his face I ran away
security legit like chased me I ran I
ran home I never showed up to the school
I told you guys I got expelled yes I
expel but I never told you guys that I
got arrested for it and I got arrested
with like a felony which is me beating
him up I got charged with assault with a
deadly weapon because I did boxing I had
my boxing license and the reason why I
lost my boxing license because I have
license to box and I agreed to not fight
to not fight outside or punch anyone and
if I do I can be charged with assault
with a deadly weapon so I got charged
with assault with a deadly weapon with a
felony I got arrested for about two or
three days I was supposed to be arrested
for a really long time they were telling
me I supposed to be there for months but
then having the lot my dad took me out
he bailed me bailed me out for about
like ten thousand dollars he got a
lawyer I got out my lawyer was one of
the most amazing lawyers and went down
from felony to a misdemeanor then went
down to a misdemeanor I was 17 have
unless I was 18 I was 18 I would have
been doing like this is why I'm so
thankful this one this
what made me made my life like turn
around and notice that I'm hanging out
the wrong people cuz these people used
to influence me to like do all these
tuples of Adam and dude I just punch him
this enforce we do this stupid stupid
stuff and then yeah basically then I got
arrested for that for it I went down to
a misdemeanor then I went down in those
case dismissed so I have no ham that no
felony no charge since I was 17
no nothing on my record nothing at all
nothing I'm clean I'm clean so my future
wife I don't you think I'm not
I am protective I am protective I do
like I do I am protected but I don't
like I don't do none of the fighting no
more I don't do nothing stupid stuff
anymore I feel like I'm the total
opposite I feel like I'm way too nice
right now and I'm so happy and I'm the
love that I change that was the second
time I rose the third time was and I'm
really innocent in this one and it was
was Casey dismissal was it when you on
the roof yeah this one was ready this
one basically basically I went up to the
roof it was trespassing
I wanted to roof to go see a beautiful
view I would say I was 17 also I went up
to roof to go see a beautiful view and
then the cops came I don't know I was
with him actually house with him he's
really young he threw a plastic bottle
from the wind from the roof what Wow
now I wanted to see like how long is
gonna hit the floor he threw a plastic
bottle you know he throw pass the bottle
from the roof I came down bro going down
I don't know where the cops were there
and then the cops came to me they're
like you're trespassing they were just
getting they were just gonna write me a
ticket but since I had the charge before
of the felony I had at that time so I
automatically got arrested him and I got
arrested by hamdullah
that was gone my lawyer thank you to my
lawyer
thank you so much um he helped me at all
cases gone everything gone I'm clean
everything is gone I stopped that's what
made me turn my left run going going to
jail basically this this is what made my
life gone and I remember the day I gotta
the day that I got arrested - I got
arrested on 10-10-10 which is oh my god
it's so crazy yes that's today
no that's today today dr. Burton I did
not even know that I swear oh my god
well him
yes exactly five years ago exactly five
years ago I was in jail I was exactly
five years ago I was in jail and I'm so
like I came to I'm saying this I've
always been like afraid to tell you guys
to be honest because I feel like you
guys gotta look at me like really
different like oh my god some sort of
criminal I promise you I promise you I'm
I want to like bullshit I think I'm not
a criminal
I just I just did something really
stupid which is fighting which is
fighting the Dean a basically reason why
I didn't just do it like criminal
enemies time you can let me take his
stuff I'm not apply for him up I beat
him up because he he he basically hurt
my mom you heard my mom imma imma fuck
you up no matter what
once I love Jenna and I got bailed out
that's when I changed my life turned I
got expelled from the school I went to a
private school primary school i
deactivated my Facebook Twitter
everything that I had I made it no one
started my life from zero every friend
that I had so-called friend I had before
never spoke to him never spoke to them I
see some of them now and they they they
respect what I'm doing they respect the
change they see me they're like oh my
god Adam you change the person you seen
right now this is me the person I was
before it just wasn't me just the people
around me I just make me do really
stupid stuff I just want to thank Allah
for like returning my left front and not
making it worse for me I could have been
um you never know I could have been my
whole life locked up or something like
that I handle ax handle Amla I'm blessed
to like you know just be here and be
alive and be the person I am right now
so yeah I'm sorry for talking luck
that's all right my world Searcy and its
use of - thank you so much for getting
me arrested when he threw up through the
plastic bottle from the roof no more
confessions I'm done I'm done
maybe I'll tell you got some more
information about if you guys did enjoy
this confession vlog that use of chemo
beause it make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey - oh my Ryder dad UMI's
and once again I really hope you guys do
not judge me or judge us on how many
toothbrushes to purchase uses hello
hello is it Jesus but I really hope you
guys yeah don't judge me that but yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow do me yang I
love you take yourself up peace take
care peace I like
have you always a feather I'm sure that
bullshit
let me wipe em away I know okay
this what you say
