where's Moxon let me know I'm gonna take
care of him
where you been where you been I've been
waiting here the whole time for you I've
been waiting here hey guys what's up a
new beginning I hope y'all having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so happy do me game we are
bringing the old intro back so thumbs up
for the old intro what uh yeah ready no
I got the number seven right here Yemen
flag right there Oh God our name in the
backyard I'm a soccer player I mean a
football player I'm here with the homies
slimmies Libya from BK yeah you can't
bug the often funky boys bad guys oh oh
I gotta take off something you're short
yes all right so the secret floor is
pretty much 80% done you're here and I
think it's time to show them most of it
right now pretty much the reveal of it
is right now because it's super clean
the bed is fixed everything is ready
except for the PC I just got to buy the
PC but right now I'm ah that's that's
yeah say yes to the living room first
this one says the dual gang though it
says a dummy game so I'm allowed to wear
it man it's all good
you want yes boshy slushy I do me dad
that is pretty much what we have right
now it's like 80% done guys like we put
the plaque here I have two one here and
one right here man we got the TV I like
I love this blue muslin
this is it but this is my bed they just
fixed it
whose bet is it nobody what do you guys
doing huh work it out wrong and I'm
saying getting at that chest bed okay oh
this is my bed
mustn't wake up Muzzin
hello I'm often this is my bed I think
he already stole my bed but do me a this
is my place right like this okay
this is lit it's gonna be lit every
single day over here man what the heck
everyone is always here man seriously
this is a youtube house what what do you
want
geez why do you guys love chucky cheese
so much you want to go there okay let's
go guys we're in chucky cheese with
three mahi the uniforms here in the corn
look she's a unicorn wait let's get
tickets again guys this chunky cheese is
more upgraded man like the Wonder Harlem
it doesn't have where you can get
tickets from here this is your hole I
never check the cheese man why are you
so impatient huh
ready gonna get your ticket wow this is
upgraded cards wow I never knew that
about to get ready and put
I still
Muhsin always makes me take off its true
now he's gonna run like a maniac gonna
hang out okay ready bomb ready to take
some double use then I'll say play me
one-on-one so do you think you're gonna
win or lose I like the confidence I've
become I'm like champ in this game you
know then I made this game you made the
jail I made you hold my Uzi favorite
pleasure totally bang Kobe Bryant I like
this man's on YouTube he'll be my man
wassup man Bron James
I wanna get Chuck in the vlog my man
Chuck is out here we chillin I already
know man are you doing are you guys part
of Dhoom again so hungry man
Muzzin so sweet adieu me getting I just
busted some button basketball and now I
see
Mawson with a girl like what are you
doing huh this dude is it ladies man he
keeps going to the girls why do you keep
going to the girls you like her
excuse me do you want to switch babies
do you wanna switch hi guys I'm gonna
teach mustn to be good in basketball man
you guys ready but Moses shoot me shoot
you come on oh my god Muhsin sucks in
ball man Rima I'm gonna teach you come
on go let's go oh when I shot oh good
shot - all through the row you won what
are you doing kiss me but okay okay it's
been like 15 minutes and I can't find
must and I think I lost him he always
walks around and runs around the last
time I seen him he was inside those
little those little slides over there
where's Martin what a mutant oh it's all
gonna take care of him I told we're able
to take him oh this is the good thing is
chuck-e-cheese I don't allow kids go out
and stuff but I can't I can't find him
so I gotta look for Berlin see how it
goes have you seen the little boy you
know where he is little boy excuse me
have you seen the little boy no kid you
have seen a lost little boy oh my god
Wilson thinks this is a game man I found
him and I felt so much better but the
thing is right now he's running away
from me oh my god come on please these
things a big man I'm too big for this
man oh my god man oh my eyes
this dude went down the slide now I have
to go down the slide ready this light is
so big where did he go
look unnecessary made this is how he
gets himself lost look you can't go up
there you trap now I think he's too
small to go up you're crazy but you what
yo high score 62 in the keys oh my god
my turn so he got creamed and he got a
game a few small games you know that
excuse me I'm selling this kid for sale
I mean to be honest actually today's the
sale is free
yeah it's pre-owned yeah it's time to
loot chuck-e-cheese Michigan please bro
I was sitting down he's like a how are
you looking let's get the hell out of
here and get a tea this kids a crazy
dumi gang today was a wild while day I
lost my son I don't know if you lost or
like you ran away from me but having it
allowed got him man he scares me so so
much because he keeps running away
Mawson why do you keep running away
what do be you don't know stop running
why you keep running away huh you want
to get what you want to get married to
who yeah who you want to get married to
what wasn't do not say that oh my god oh
my I wish I can unhear that what what
did he just say do be gay I would be
wrapping up the vlog here I hope you
guys enjoyed it do not forget January 6
is remind muffins and I'll smash I love
you guys so much
if you guys enjoyed the video make
give it a thumbs up and go turkey and
before you guys see the video make sure
you guys subscribe hey do me a
I'm doing the freaking out rolls my eyes
closed I can't see nothing I love you
guys as lumi√®re thumbs up if you guys
stand up to the end I want to see how
many of you guys scared to that do be
good I love you guys take care and peace
I love you I love you I love you yeah I
know you know you're gonna get what you
get god it's a problem
oh okay
