right here right here
hey guys what's up Duma gang hope you
all having an amazing day because if I'm
having an amazing day you should have
been amazing I hope you guys are all
doing well today we're out and it is
really hot and sunny it feels like to
back to summer time we're gonna be
filming some new videos for you guys no
make channel videos for you guys we got
the camera we got the mics with our art
tank ready so I hope you guys all ready
for this but what are we on like that
you got three punches no oh no I'm
awesome
three punches no I breathe normal one
two how do we breathe like that you yawn
like MATLAB ro Honda no okay we're gonna
be filming all around the city today so
hopefully stars a great so far we have
half of somes video done I haven't
started mine but I'm gonna start it real
soon and it should be out probably in a
couple days or in a week because I wanna
make this extra perfect I wanna get the
perfect reactions for it so if we all
turn our great similarly have some crazy
weird reactions I give him a lot of
props for doing this crazy idea that
he's doing
but it's so really risky yeah it's
really risky what he's doing the video
I'm doing this one it's not gonna be a
comedy you want a funny one I want it to
be inspirational or something you know
to inspire people I feel like I haven't
done a video like that in a while
so I'm doing an inspirational videos I
so right now about to have a rap battle
us who we are called
slap y'all ready name is Kylie kendall
yep let me go first wait oh my take my
pins now oh come on jumping jacks tengo
baila - hey Kendall you ready I'm ready
Holly she's just crazy
look it's approaching squad this shit
dirt gang some cool you fuck boys can't
do man
pray pray I really read fail it closed
up my fucking block like that didn't it
great we don't fuck fuck it right
I'll just niggas keep talking right
homie man just pipe it down right call
out my dirty great day rain is no down
they came else's name k - it's a neck
massager I go you go oh it done oh yeah
yeah they look like you Sunday I already
I can't even look you in your eye cuz
bitches make me shine oh ma no reply
when this guy that's over by popping the
colors I'll make it dollars that get to
squalor she swallow it I was good I was
good bye but how long it take you like
that I'm burning my okay I got it right
first yeah I don't know me my name is a
diesel I'm the best rapper in the mother
the world y'all don't know me I give all
the girls name is dirt boy but you look
like a girl missing a spire man I wonder
what's in these buildings
I got huge it is so tall bro some is
taller than you man makes you look short
little girl that's what makes New York
City man all these buildings look at
them I was he was really if you got me
night Kevin there's nothing good about
me I'm a sinner saved by grace through
faith not of works it's a gift of God
right man that's good like that some
place this must be so so scary
they're really up so high working and
tell me this is why I wouldn't want to
be a construction worker it's awesome
look they're right there
right
yeah I'll hunt the other feed really
good for that Wow look at hide it like
me so slim does when he's hungry he puts
his tongue out
we're still looking for some cool
costumes here we do not know what to
choose we have two days to choose
something but we're gonna just mess
around here and Party City means
everything about being Kendall and Kylie
this could be Kendall Kylie it's gonna
be a good Kylie row right you have the
craggy hears about the craggy fan Mesa
I'm sorry blah blah she'll come at the
AMA come on Eduardo nice nice to meet
you Waldo
can you teach me how to say a lot you
are the best
huh say slow slow sauce in my hot sauce
el mejor this is the duma gang king cat
you know what I was saying I should get
one of these and just give it up for you
guys
if it goes hard on vlogs of it goes hard
nut thumbs up I'll just give it out to
all my rotted goomy's I mean all the
comments before she do that I guys so I
lost my other shades
should I get tea sheets this is nice
nice I get it huh tricky I want to wear
it outside in those fashion you're on
Sam
thank you muy gusta no gusto bueno bueno
si gracias
most pop you don't know saying this is a
no character now I'm just trying to look
for a new name for my character so I
might be blessed with this chain go
chain you know what it is you know this
is a ratchet character let me know the
comments below what should I name him
throws 80 carrots and shopping camp
Ã¦lis no shine I'm really really cool
what sighs I gotta see you saturday
I got big feet you know what they say
about big feet big feet got a big heart
I said I'm fine
Hey look what's up we pay the shop for
they pay those choppers that this is
like a done where you know I don't look
like it
I'm known if I got the heavens oh no no
no I'm just trying to like you know talk
to people and agree what's up with the
date back on a date tonight
you have two girls cuz my friend is
coming to Genova why are you recording
up I'm famous I'm everybody's record
everything I mean oh oh how famous are
you I've never seen you see me girl
crazy see me before you see what's your
name and he's Adam ages efficient zamana
ages off position
how about I take your phone number I'll
give you my phone number
so chief want to call me you can call me
I can take you on a nice day you know
what singing is how you live blinged out
house girl you know what I'm saying
better make sure you call music okay
we're gonna be in this city we're gonna
go out drinking right now why do you
want to take on McDonald's Burger King
no we have higher teeth Hayate c901 DS 1
DS insane I'll take you out one DS you
know I'll give ya you save it as ages
all right call me baby girl okay
I will like you easy from you know I
just don't know my name is yeah we need
a character first name easy for me to
get girls it's so they're easy look
watch how easy it is
I get a number that country river a
gentleman hey rocky - I don't want the
chance to the body I got a easy mate
or go such
it was a reality TV show I study guy I
really I start youtubing episodes like
this episode of taking up girl buddy
yeah yeah Mario what's up money do you
guys have the what is it you guys have
the sorry about that my gold chain the
cook you guys have the spider-man
size eight I go too dark for you 1519
my change size not size 8 and men like
massage I'm trying to I'm trying to
rocky oh you don't have this fighting
man go on the dog came in you know you
know people need to see that every day
better when he's Jordan so I'm trying to
make the new style the spider-man
glow-in-the-dark 2016 spider-man
glow-in-the-dark Thank You Man thank you
yeah you know I went on I need to get
myself a name so you guys leave in the
comments below what name should I give
this character
I want to give us something definitely
are more reaction I don't even do
episodes of this man very fine is ever
so poppy haze all picks up girls
inhalers thumbs up you want more that
and like what some say foibles episodes
you know what I'm saying I'll say this I
would never know reality show I follow
him around he does a stupid thing you
never know there might be new Katniss
puppy a hat and another educator I know
now saying hi guys so it's time to wrap
up this vlog hope you all enjoyed this
vlog if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey hope you guys
all enjoyed it to all my mother died
UMI's if you guys made it to the end of
this vlog make sure you give it a thumbs
up thank you all so so much for your
love and support have a couple
announcements to tell you guys and you
guys already know some of them which is
October 18th survivor my new single will
be out I don't really want to call it
like a single I want to call it more of
like a spoken word or like a poem or
something like that something
inspirational to like unite unite people
something to make people come back
together so hopefully each other that'll
work out for October 18th you guys know
about the tour and you cat come 25th
26th and 27th all free
some people are selling tickets remember
as I said do not buy just show up there
or anybody has the tickets however many
tickets you have to give it to that much
amount of people because the police had
I'm working with they said that you have
to bring someone with any tickets as
their so hopefully all shows are great
and the other announcement is November
I'm not really gonna say much I'm gonna
make this announcement really short so
November I miss Tia Malaysia and don't
need you a and Singapore for November
make sure you guys stay tuned for that
more details coming soon December
December 9th chasse I don't know if I
should say I'm having a lot of saying
about December knife um Dubai but oh no
you're not y'all I hear nothing you're
not here not from December 11 Abu Dhabi
yeah I hear nothing for me
Jana hearing love for me that's it
January will be Toronto Toronto supposed
to be in August but we had to postpone
it for January time starts all my
Canadian peeps I miss you guys so so
much I promise I'll be back I miss you
guys so much can I haven't been there
for like two like literally like two
years so I'll see you guys real soon in
and that's that's all I'm saying for the
announcements other than that I'll see
you guys tomorrow do me gang I love you
guys so much
you got so much for always coming
through every single day take care um
peace I love you always in fact I'm just
ready no
hearts in the rectum
