Oh
right here right here
hey guys what's up a dummy gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having a maze day
you should be happy amazing mom have an
amazing day
I do
thank you see that spreads love positive
he said this day is much better because
I stopped by and I told him that I'm
happy I said he should be having an
essay I'm back walking through the
streets of mass City New York City I
haven't been here for like three four
days and I always miss it whenever I'm
away even if it's for like two three
days we're gonna be heading to a costume
store because this weekend we're out to
comic-con finally met up like let's go
but you know we got ice camera watches
but it makes us feel much better right
if it's worth the way right no Oscar
Isaac we're going to this costume store
to look for like cool costumes for this
weekend we SM are gonna be going to
comic-con I'm a cop we just let his
favorite place for me is like I'm
starting to love it but the best time
video yeah it's looms like literally
their place we don't know what costumes
to get but we want a really unique like
a really unique costume you know I see
it online I looked online and I seen
this costume there's peanut butter and
jelly costume
yeah listen booth
who's the moose I don't know it's gonna
be something unique and I saw syphilis
online you could be milk and cookies
like you could use among us unique nose
gotta let me know the comments below
what you think we should be for this
Comic Con event I want to be something
really unique so don't say something
like Spider Man I like Superman
something unique and different if we
could be the model you belong just
played out to Mario Luigi's played out
to so many people doom are something
that not much people always are so we're
gonna go to the costume story now you
guys can't have a little look but we can
meet look how big this whoopee cushion
is is it that bill yeah can you hold
these slim just eat some McDonald's
hitting number one and number two number
three at 10 big chickens 20 chicken
nuggets and now he gained some weight
like oh man yo you know like you saw in
the gym some slim yeah what's up dick I
do oh yeah what are you guys thinking
about Prince Charming I don't know
just three Prince Charming's which one
is the real Prince Charming well the
real Prince Charlie please stand up oh
yes oh no oh yes
oh yes oh no you're not or maybe Stewie
maybe Peter Pan Family Guy
maybe even Hello Kitty I don't know I
the Smurf Smurf this is crazy
these heads hung and stuff that's crazy
oh my god what the heck
wow they got the slim costume how much
it cost how much it goes Samina get it
on I already have this right
these police have a would be a pizza but
grapes something unique like this I like
this you know like hot dogs or bananas
or a chili pepper in section bro where
we can be Beavis
not that though I'm gonna come kind of
Adam Solomon see hey guys my Adobe's if
I'm having a great day members you
should be having a great day
Oh
oh yeah look at me first
oh you know this okay
other
Oh
oh no it's done with Daniel hi Dina why
you guys got a spoon Imam and you got a
toothbrush in your mouth
what's wrong with you you can meet it to
the bus why do you have any of us
ah see hi tell her hi what's wrong with
you I see Adam look he's like they're
like tough they like that here's a like
that oh that's me come on let's go Dina
and Marcin we haven't seen you guys
together so long how are you guys doing
huh how was the ratchet family doing let
me fix you here you mean give me
insufficient house school do you go to
school yeah you do
no you don't go to school why I like
them Muzzin why do you talk to yourself
so much the only here in the background
when I'm talking one of them you always
hear muscle in the back scene leader of
Lydia over the rock what's wrong with
you say hi what's up okay do me Dani
gang that believe it say I love love hmm
why can't you see it up say I love why
did you do that when I see love she
always does that ever since like four or
five months ago I don't know if you guys
been watching the vlogs but she always
pinches her cheeks when I say love see I
love what is that what does that mean
what does that mean why do you pinch
your cheek alright say I I swear it love
oh my wait Dina I'm sorry about the car
Rima what are you doing
Dina give me a hint put your hand down
say I love
love love me say love love say love yeah
you you what's up do me gang so I've
just got home and I've seen people
tweeting me this which is someone trying
to sell tickets of the free show that I
have in London Manchester and Birmingham
in October 25th October 26th and October
27th so I'm here to tell you guys do not
buy any tickets from anyone if they're
trying to sell anything or make money
out of getting the free tickets do not
buy anything this person is trying to
sell tickets for a hundred pounds so do
not buy any of this so do not be fooled
with the waste your money on any of that
anyone's trying to sell you any tickets
make sure you do not buy any tickets and
remember if you don't have any tickets
you can still come at the day of the
show and see if there's any seats
available if not try to sneak in as a
street just remember these three cities
or all three events I want everyone to
enjoy your time you know free with
nothing no charge without you wasting
your money or anything so do not be
fooled by anyone trying to tell you or
trying to sell you tickets some people
even have fake tickets or trying to copy
it and send you fake stuff so be careful
out there I'm just saying stay safe and
hopefully it'll be an amazing time at
the o2 arena Manchester United Club and
the Town Hall see you guys power it is
now time to wrap up this vlog hope you
all enjoyed this fly if you did and you
made it to the end this vlog make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey to
all my ride I do meeseeks thank you so
much for always doing the black a thumbs
up and going turkey I have a new Mei
channel video coming out in a few days
I'm gonna be filming tomorrow so
hopefully turns out great a lot more
main channel videos coming out I know a
lot of you guys have been asking and I
know I've always been saying yes it's
gonna come out is gonna come about
promise
they are coming just wait on it and
she'll everything goes well I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care of domain gang I
love you her pics i lo
I'm
