what's up guys I got the whole squad
over here why you guys like it so sleepy
and dad wake up hey guys what's up at
Duma gang I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing day you should
be having an amazing blessed day I just
woke up and I am so so tired I'm so
jet-lagged
our flight yesterday was so delayed we
got home late at night but since we had
to stop in North Carolina wait there for
three hours I felt like we went to a
different country and came back but
hamdullah I back home today is gonna be
a whole home vlog so I hope you guys are
okay with the indoor homes Adams family
blog who is it
I'm so so happy these people they
distract me I have even spoke to you
guys about the movie American true I
know there's a lot of you asking what's
American Sharia American Sharia is a
movie the first Islamic comedy movie
anyone can go watch it by the way not
just Muslims it's a Muslim and
non-muslim movie that you can watch and
learn a lot from it it is one of the
most amazing moves that I did not expect
like I didn't I expected it to be like
amazing because Omer Egan is the
producer director and he's an amazing
amazing guy has such a creative mind
mashallah but when I watch it I was like
wow like there's so much stuff that I
didn't even know I was gonna happen like
that every message every like every
lesson and message that everyone in the
world has to spread it's in that movie
in the most in the most like in the most
creative coolest funniest most most
amazing way you guys have to watch a lot
of people that have been judging it and
not giving it a chance and like watching
the trailer and judging it by the
trailer we haven't watched the movie
when you watch the movie trust me there
was there was ships there was Imams
watching the movie and loving it and
enjoying it it was so amazing it's just
seeing people watch seeing me like my
first featured movie was so amazing so
I'm just like I'm literally like
speechless I did not even know would say
just seeing that so I want to say thank
you Allah for everything for blessing me
with all the success seriously like I'm
I've been feeling so happy like lately
nothing like I feel like every day I
want to thank a lot and thank you guys
think my parents thank my whole family
and I buddies like you guys have been
showing so much love so
so much for that seeing seeing me like
seeing me see people watch me on the big
screen like was a bit was like legit
like a movie theater people watching me
that was just like a dream come true so
thank you guys so much for the life
support
what's up guys I got the whole squad
over here why you guys looking so sleepy
dad wake up
how are you my son how are you man okay
how are you Rima okay how are you Deena
Denison good how are you hiding awesome
how are you Jose okay what you guys
doing in my room huh boy did it yes no I
didn't no one invited you no one invited
you Deena she saw what what what she
said what
what does what I mean well I mean you're
lying
serious what is what I mean okay Rima
what does one love me are you guys
serious what does well I mean well I
mean Thomas you have to be honest and
say Woma if your lives here hold on
don't want to wait pastel yeah yeah yeah
I love it as wellnot me
what are you telling the truth no you
can still lie and say well look yeah but
you can't lie like this it's the name of
Allah but you can some people still
lying say Allah but this wall that means
basically I swear to God but it's not
good to always say it okay and you can't
say when your heart okay so tell us what
does voil√° mean oh who told you me
you're lying you told yourself that
hands behind ones I told you I did it
LLL get what does well on me well yeah
what the heck what does well on me oh
well let me swallow yeah
Dina's only one that's right good every
cough rap Adina crab Rafa Dana good job
Rema Rema Rema Rema real quick
time's up time's up
I'm done Oh Oh sick that is sick
everybody just stare just er sir little
penis give it to me gang a kiss give
them a kiss oh that's okay give it
thumbs up with Deena's execute kiss say
that was up everybody put your thumbs up
like this now put your thumbs up in the
air like you just don't care if you want
do me gang to give this video a thumbs
up say oh yeah do me gig you guys will
not believe this seriously I'm supposed
to make a video promoting this whole
like three day city tour UK tour but now
like I've been told not to even make the
video because everything has been sold
out which is another thing that makes
those speeches so crazy like the past
few days I've been so crazy and having
told you guys about it and I feel like I
have to talk to you guys and I have to
vet you guys which someone about I know
some of you guys don't like me talking
so much I'm sorry
I'm gonna talk today this is just crazy
you guys sold out o to Arena you guys
sold out the Manchester United Football
Club
you guys sold out Birmingham at Town
Hall which is like oh my god and in less
than an hour they told me you guys sold
out the VIPs in less than 30 seconds
that's what I say to the people have
extra tickets just for the sake of it
try to give it out to the people who
don't have tickets don't sell it I'm
saying as don't sell it's all free
tickets give it out your extra ones will
be really cool if you give it out it's
going to be one amazing show it's
probably going to be the biggest I think
it is giving me the biggest tour that
I'm ever having and the crazy niggas is
all free free of charge
so everyone is
welcome you guys do not have tickets I'm
just telling you this now just try you
know you can try and sneak and you know
come to the back and just like now I'm
just joking because I'm working with the
Metropolitan Police and I trying to get
together and I'm just joking trying to
sneak in you look for somewhere like you
know like you go in get the other ticket
and be like yeah this is my team Ramones
are called cubox what's it called do you
buy its peel box not cool box do you
know what's it called what's a cup ba ba
and I'm putting this part Rima to it
do you know what's it called gum gum
are you guys ready to see what's in a
box okay because I mean it could break
all right you know so what does fragile
means galaxy kid break yeah be careful
you go slowly slowly begin pop it this
fragile spider becomes open it up that
looks beautiful
hold me nope there's a note you got to
know wow that looks beautiful that is
beautiful to smile on that one it's from
Xena Rima became whole the time it's
from zeinab colleague Ravi thank you so
much Dana if it is beautiful this is
amazing oh my God look at these kids
what you guys doing it if you guys want
to send us anything to our peal box it
is Adam saw pillbox six 3100 to nine New
York New York and this is from
Netherlands her name is Imani wow that
is amazing what you had is sick that is
so sick what I learned from Adam stop
wow this is amazing we would never read
it and it says of you oh my god then you
open it up it's what their first page
okay well Adam first of all I hope
you're doing fine my name is Imani I'm
22 and I'm from and I'm law student I
think also one of the oldest
dummies out there not you know one of
the oldest trust me mom my mom my mom is
a big what do you bid any cookies mom
is bigger do me she's much older so I
think oh my god that is sick thank you
so much
I'm Annie thank you so much undercover
Duchy now I know who you are thank you
always smile it feels so this is like so
official how do you do this how do you
do this Adam you light up my world like
nobody else the way that you flip your
hair gets me overwhelmed
yes less than ever this is like why I
got a Duma game you guys get a huge
thumbs up for this do you guys get so
much and this is oh my god is it
beautiful
this is so amazing thank you for
everything I thank you so much for
everything to me I don't think you see
let's see I don't know how you guys
learned for me like oh no oh no you're
Adam I made this to give you 1% back
from what you gave me what happened you
know what you saying Deena Deena hey
life is you know what are you doing G
just kiss the book let your dreams be
bigger than your fears your action Deena
maybe this this is like this is like oh
this is so inspirational from the bottom
of my heart I want to thank you for
being with me all the way for never
leaving me at for loving me this is Wow
like this is just so like oh you know
what guys Oh everybody say thank you a
money
thank you adieu me gang and do me I'm
sorry for the whole the whole mess in
the back I know this is really really
random but some of you guys tweeted me
this and I decided to share it on the
vibe because it's so scary my not so
late and I don't know I'm sure you guys
are so scared I feel like I need to talk
to the camera because when I'm talking
to the camera I'm talking to you guys so
I don't feel alone or anything but the
song with Fetty WAP called 679 at around
the beginning of the song you can hear
him say I'm a devil worshiper I don't
know if he's really saying that but it
sounds like it and it is really scary
and don't watch it don't watch it at
night or anything like that's really
really scary listen listen close to you
guys tell me in the comments below if
you guys did hear I'm a devil worshiper
I'm a playa for you guys I think I heard
it but I don't know let's see here that
I don't know if you guys missed it I'm
gonna do it again right right ready go
hear that I think it's I'm a devil
worshiper it's really really scary I
don't know why some of these songs these
days have like this weird weird stuff or
just if it's just a coincident it's like
random people just seen it but it is
really really creepy and another random
thing I don't know I'm not supposed to
say this but the pictures that I took
the photo show that I had about a month
ago the boxer model thing photoshoot all
the photos are out I feel like I did a
whole photo shoot for like nothing like
I just wasted my time so I might just
post a picture this week but I'm not
gonna show the whole like gonna show
from like up my upper body and the
pictures are looking so so dope so I'm
gonna upload one and if you guys do like
that picture I'll probably upload more I
don't know all right guys it's time to
wrap up this vlog real all right guys
it's time to wrap up this vlog nah
please we'll see this one alright guys
it's time to wrap up this like nothing
piece
hi guys I'll see you guys tomorrow take
okay I love you always a fun one
I love hood it goes fast UK
