well this is like yo what's up a to me
gang I am here with a how banks live
dizzle for shizzle my nizzle so we are
going to be doing a little mini
challenge I don't know we've been coming
up with idea because he always thinks
he's better than me this in this whole
board that word hoverboard but to be
honest I'm more experienced in this than
him but I don't like this unless it has
something to do with skill okay Baba
your skill and this is not better than
mine I'm sorry you said you have no
experience but I have one happy I have
more experience when you have more
experience you have more skill I have
skills like kills just kill don't kill
with this experience that experience so
this is all getting the way to have
about I don't know four rounds with this
hoverboard each of us are going to go
move like a cool move and the other
person has to copy just do it like if
not they lose if they do and they get a
point and the loser gets to do it there
as usual I'm gonna make extra crazy I'm
gonna be extra cool all right now oh yes
am
oh no yeah oh yeah saying I wanna pull
this am funny one
alright so imma go first this is round
one I'm gonna do a trick you have to do
the exact same thing ready I'll do
anything and better okay see right now
if you guys doing alright now it's
literally like 2:00 3:00 a.m. we decided
not to sleep to do is challenge for you
guys so if we're tired and we don't do
as well you know ready uh-huh
trick number one ready for go on okay
that is trick number one i'ma go easy a
little bit let's see how you do ready
I oh he already looks like he's ready
come on let's go you good Oh what the
heck was that
and you got a skill is this this is
skill yeah huh role United I got one
point
you called look this is good is this
skill but still be tougher get up good
you're slim this bus is but then I got
one point and now he's gonna do a trick
and I have to copy the trick looking in
it it's called the whip nae nae trick
but I made it up myself
okay let's see you I'll ask me whip
watch me nae nae now watch me whip whip
hey let's heal it
I see anything so I don't think this is
easy but it's kind of hard on C so I'm
gonna should go silencer Hey silencer
Hey silence up and yeah yeah yeah yeah
oh now watch me whip now watch me nae
nae now watch me whip now watch me nae
nae Oh watch me watch me ooh watch me
watch me oh oh oh
do distinct pleasure do the stanky leg
do this
Thank You million doing extra credit is
those ones that matter no joke
ready Oh like that you got to do
straight and back on the floor
oh yeah yeah baby boy perceptually
signal not too dissimilar to resume
different me don't watch oh come on aah
aah aah
it goes fast you came forward and then
back with your legs am alright somes
gonna try it out and I'm ready I'm ready
let it go
Ready Set come let's go bro this is like
yo probably give you a region training
all right ok now go back well he's that
ready same get on man you're done I'm a
say you get you so bad
nothing nothing this time yeah wrong I
said you know that miss come come with
us hola como estas are you from
Argentina no wait come on hey where you
from
thank you - pinion what country Spain
over Spain shame
Barcelona anybody's on my date nice
shoutout to my dad I'm ok
a la Madrid hey sorry to all the
Barcelona people honor you guys go crazy
Frostmourne and Madrid so they'll kill
me I'm mr. solo
she's from Madrid you know Jose another
sim box I feel bad I always lose they
always enjoyed the job that the
challenge you guys always enjoy the
challenge bar enjoys most semen tears
and the Darin we give him is thing don't
bitch you know that oh my god I'm away
from knock on someone's door so hard and
they're gonna run back to our room and
us that's pretty much it
hi guys I remember doing this when I was
like 12 13 years old
it's just banging at people's doors run
away today so it lives for a lot you've
lost weight you lose something you got
to do it there that's it next time we
follow something you could give me any
dare you want alright next time okay but
let me know next time because I'm not
gonna losing it is you know what which
one I'm trying to see which people in
there
you know like I don't know economic now
would you stop you to Italy
hello every ready 1 2
fuck your heart I'm so scared go get it
on your side's book cheese when he says
broke bah no wait I don't know how to
what I'm mad cuz I'm awful fellas going
to at us it's been so hard whoa oh
you're so lucky man oh it's so like he's
hi guys we are now done we're never
doing this again by the way it's time to
wrap up this vlog hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog aka little mini challenge if
you guys enjoyed it make sure you go
check out Slim's channel it will be in
the link down below his second channel
and his main channel so if you guys
check it out you see some crazy weird
challenges that we've done we're going
to be doing a lot more if you guys made
it to the end of this vlog to all my
writer that do means make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go turkey I want to
see how much of you seriously made it on
the fire truly makes my day and truly
motivates me so thank you guys so much
I'll see you guys back tomorrow take
care and peace I like
let's work you
