hey guys what's up a new meeting I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so far having an
amazing day you finish it off you should
be having an amazing day
couple weeks ago I did a skit called
Arab family goes through customs which
is based on a true story and I said if
you guys get ten thousand thumbs up I'll
be doing a new one which is called Arab
family goes to the doctors or doctor's
appointment and this is also based on a
true story when I was around 12 13 years
old I had to go with my mom to the
doctors and it didn't really go so well
so I decided to put in a skit so you
guys can enjoy it and I hope you guys
enjoyed a skit give it a thumbs up
10,000 thumbs up and I'll be releasing
our family goes to school see you guys
have enjoyed a skit take care though me
guy I love you
hi welcome to New York Metropolitan
Hospital my name is dr. Seuss baptists
Seuss not like the book my name is dr.
Seuss that's my actual name and I'm the
only female doctor here and doing it for
the woman hey hey how's it going how you
guys doing hi how's it going I said on
my link um how are you doing
let's get started with you the mother
okay so tell me what's your name
Oh my name you don't know me you don't
know me I'm famous then I have this joke
my name is nadia ali mostly headed away
but you can just call me a Hadiya saleh
let's just skip that question can you
tell us how old are you
I'm 35 no no 53 30 35 no no fifty 350 I
always get mixed up three five five
three all right you're 53 years old
let's continue on so tell us where were
you born
you see I was born in Yemen back home in
my country at the third floor in the
house and my mama's room she was
watching al-jazeera knows at 8:27 p.m. I
was born I was like an accident because
he was watching al-jazeera knows but it
was it was a good accident mama you
don't have to say all that and from us
am I talking to you no I'm not talking
to you I'm talking the dick dude okay
okay so what was he saying I don't
really mean to start like any issues
with you guys but all right let's get
that question okay serious questions
okay do you own any guns or knives oh I
love this question well yes we own about
seven guns we own for a k47 two shotguns
and one pizookie knives
oh my goons I own so many I can't even
count how many nuts we have we don't own
anything no guns no knives or anything
just she's talking just nothing we don't
meet alone okay look I'll pretend I
didn't hear that okay all right so let's
go on to the next question all right
okay do you have any pain Oh Your Honor
I have paid everyone I have been in my
head I have been on my shoulder I have
pain in my elbow I have been inside my
eye I have pain in my teeth I have pain
everywhere I can't even get up and move
I can't even get up and do anything I'm
always used to call me on my cell phone
okay as I was saying I have paid every
what I can't even move her to do
anything online and in guinea medicine
give me a medicine please make me feel
better please what's going I thought you
can't you know what okay man can you
tell me why do you get this pain this is
why I get this fakers my son you don't
listen he has made me his son everywhere
in the house
he never do anything he never listened
to me he's doing I gave me the paint
everywhere in my whole body me what do I
even do this am I talking to you no I'm
not talking to you I'm talking to did do
it okay so be quiet okay what's what's
he singing again all right guy so I'm
gonna head out for a couple minutes I'll
be back in a few okay so just be patient
and carry on all right they take your
time but hurry up okay Adam close your
eyes why do you want me to close my eyes
I said close your eyes right now okay
close your eyes
okay okay okay don't look okay what is
the band-aids oh this is the expensive
and eight knife I am back Oh
why is he covering his eyes why is his
eyes closed
you didn't overweight I don't I thought
the why his eyes closed you know what I
think he's too but he's great he needs
medicine you know what he needs he need
a monthly check I'm a fisheye from the
government or from President Barack
Obama the help of my please help me get
monthly check give me fellows give me
monthly check please please why not what
no I'm not yes yes who are you crazy ass
dick in the head you're crazy
momma what are you saying I'm perfectly
fine okay um I'll look further into that
but first I need to ask him a couple
questions all right
okay okay so sweetheart can you tell us
what's your name my name is Adam Sally
ad am s al eh can you tell us how old
are you I'm 12 years old I was born June
4th 1993 12 years old okay so how often
do you have sex
what never I'm 12 years old does your
mom know you have sex no oh so you do
have sex
oh my seat with headbands to house oh my
goodness why you had you don't have and
why tell me what we can get you married
we can get you man tell him to get ready
um he's too young to get married no I'm
not talking to you I'm talking to the
dude okay
so speak white stop lying to me okay
okay guys wait look look okay it's time
for a check up now okay or are you gonna
give me that check up yes
I'll be giving you the check up okay I'm
ready for the check up baby I mean
doctor no no no no I don't want you to
give him a checkup I want you to bring a
guy dick turd they come give him check
up right now all right okay that's not a
problem I'll go bring a guy doctor right
now okay dr. Stevens from oh you keep
doing this to me hey how's it going with
dr. Seuss can you tell me what's his sex
Nell what man
okay sounds good I'll be doing the
checkup right now oh my son is gay oh
you have sex with my mail like I'm a guy
ma'am I'm saying he's a male as in he's
a boy oh my goodness yeah um who who who
is it who is this a mana don't hang out
to boys okay no hanging out with boys
anymore ah okay
mama please stop you're embarrassing me
you're amazing I never knew you're gay
no I'm not gay I like girls I like girls
and squeeze me what do you mean you like
good you've been that like the better if
you like the back well like I'll take
you to Yemen and you'll get me
okay what's wrong with you I'm straight
I'm straight what do you mean today you
better not get loud with me before I
make your face today
you know what I'll just be out here take
a photo which I'm not even up oh my god
okay we need to get some band-aids
where's the band-aids a few pounds and
500 707 lat
she said she works in the kitchen can
you tell me what kitchen this ain't a
motherfucker shut up let's go Oh
