like that even washes Oh
Rima I heard a Remo Remo
I hurt him bad huh huh that's good why
cuz you told me to
you told me to beat him up right now
he's crying and he's on the floor why
did he tell me to do that
because he was breaking your heart but
still Rima now he's on the floor crying
you see his don't touch the Louima you
know what's gonna happen all right you
know what's gonna happen
the police are coming now the police are
coming for you no they said the police
they said the confirm Remo because you
said you had to hit him but please have
to come for you Remo yeah okay talk to
the police on the phone talk to them
told you so sorry talk to them Reema
hurry up tell them you said sorry sorry
tell them I said sorry tella click here
to go I'm sorry you have to talk to them
I'm just joking
see look he's on the floor Reema look
I'm gonna look look I'm I'm just joking
but don't say that next time violence is
not good what if somebody max you out
huh huh hey guys what's up a dummy gang
I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing if I'm
having amazing day you
and if you have an amazing day you
should be lovable and now we are in New
York City we're gonna be staying one
night at a hotel in the city and then
we're going to have to Detroit Dearborn
actually early early in the morning
about 4:00 or 5:00 a.m. that's the
reason why we're staying in a hotel for
one night because if we don't we're
gonna oversleep and then we're gonna be
done but we're gonna go for ride in the
city look how much people in Newark City
that's like across the street right yeah
I'm scared oh oh my god this is like
what is all right this is the only store
that could not kick us out for having
these eyelashes dance with us they're so
nice but we're here to get some people
because means I'm gonna be doing the
bean boozled challenge
just now kiss my blood with whatever I
had Italy here do mourn I'm so excited
add no sleep at all those first time
yeah so who is so sorry I sincerely
desire just how I was okay snagged out
like two three hours like that I'm here
with a homie measure management say what
up but uh if you guys don't know nothing
each right what's up did you betcha but
she does she does a lot of work by the
way Michelle she's like a lot she does a
lot behind the scenes and she needs to
get some credit for it you need to
always show your love note to know thank
you so much for always making Helen
really me I have a seen her for like he
seems like a year we did the photo shoot
so we did a photo shoot yeah but like
como si you hear almost yourself you got
the holy Mowbray what Oh What's Wrong
good I doubt they're guys don't need me
sup guys I'm here with the homie one and
only Oh Maria I'm a Hollywood I love you
we're here we have one more date so we
go watch it right the chair which I'm so
excited about honey
it's his first time seeing the movie
first have our looks I'm excited for him
to watch the movement ask yes Benjamin
song yeah that's just yeah
absolutely very just and a girl right
now we're at this place called hot
toppings in Detroit at home or even
shoulders it is oh hello
and which would you go what kind of are
you done oh hell you know I get walking
on her I got this icy burger you got the
spice yeah we're gonna put it I am
special guys you come into a Oh special
my favorite burgers I got a Kathy Burke
about from New York but Cali burger that
looks amazing
everything here's 100% Hannah and they
have your liver clicking hi Noah
already Dita is so oh my god look tasty
so I'll say oh you got the spicy I got
the spicy Oh already did it yeah
anything as enjoying the food back there
they're quiet oh yeah I'm gonna get my
first bite Oh take the first but I smell
em oh I smell amazing I'm not even
joking sister yeah we win it look at the
pressure let me show y'all this bird I
think I have to move here to destroy
this dead
look at this oh hell out they saw like a
certified on up my chef goes Sabri seis
not a goon let go all right shake black
on you
so let go it went out yeah there is I
got you now the glare was getting how
they love see that the love made hot
toppings hello ha hey this is how it
looks when we're uploading videos in
hotels I'm uploading here so it was
uploading then what we just they're
waiting on us to finish upload I'm so
sorry Moby
we'll be finishing in about two minutes
and we can be I promise
get uploading is up yeah alright my eyes
up to at same time make sure you guys
check it out it's called bean boozled
challenge
Slim's one is called call my contacts
challenge which is a challenge I know
what has ever done which is really like
a genius idea mesh line is so funny sim
came up with it so if you guys want any
other youtubers do it make sure you tag
them and let them know that stem started
that you know what I'm saying he's one
that came up with that cool thing you
know I'm saying it's really funny a fun
amazing challenge you guys
trying to we are strolling through the
streets of Dearborn or Detroit what is
it Troy
Detroit Detroit Detroit what Detroit
what we're talking through the streets
of Detroit it it looks amazing but it's
so like so quiet compared to New York
green mid summer so like New York City
being the crazy life that makes man but
it's so true you know it's actually nice
to be in a place where you wanna relax
and chill we got to head up a Tim
Horton's here because Canada is
literally right right around the corner
so there's a lot of Tim Hortons here so
I'm gonna head up at some Hornets and we
might be hitting a haunted house it's
going to be surprised hopefully
supposedly is the top 10 scariest what
is the top 10 scariest haunted house in
the world or in America a limo with
serious in between them which what
number one Series in Michigan on this
top 10 in the whole world but I am ready
to do it
haven't been to the haunted house for so
long so hopefully it isn't that scary
he'll slow this one is gonna get scary
movie it's watch three actually is good
you're gonna see evil this reaction is
gonna make you laugh you're not gonna be
scared normally the I smell hits of a
latte no the - do you have the ice
Anabella McAteer latte you were asking
me for what the ice and the barrel hook
did love it
talk about an iced mocha latte what is
it so what is cool yeah I'm what is it
culture was it well she's got my card
Baskin if you guys have the ice
Annabelle I'm a cathedral
I don't know what that is you're not a
smoker solicited nothing we have iced
lattes and we have local I started uh
Hanuman the mocha mocha hung my shit the
sky looks so beautiful you can see it's
orange is reddish I got this beautiful
ice cap from Tim Hortons oh my god I
missed it
let's go so much you got the ice and a
bit lucky button oh my god oh it is far'
this is so creepy I was born here
this is the most scary sterner one to a
time machine and literally feels like
one back in 1869 82 crispy desk and a
true nature of my yes
something a little something there you
go
Oh whew all right thanks what do you
what are you doing it though what are
gonna do I'm giving me some food and yes
I'm getting me our 25 ounce for that
okay not give me a 25 now you can know
you can girl I'm a girl
turkeys chicken get a 4.5 my bass but no
it don't get beer with it though okay
well you know you promise I'll be pinky
promise you pinky promise i pinky
promise
you pinky promise pinky pie man I got
all right well that was the craziest
hard house I've ever went in my life
right there this one oh my god they did
not let me record anything by swear I
rather enjoyed the moment I was trying
my best to record but they saw me
recording they were like you're not
allowed also gonna get kicked out so I
just try to enjoy the moment and I did
enjoy the moment
oh my god hello this way here for us
it's gonna give it slip him something
ripped up my jacket yes you dare spoil
my life you ripped up had my jacket he
was pulling he was falling on the floor
whatever movie I give him props he's
going to the front we just let him go
all over the front of timing me go farm
oh oh my god oh my gosh
oh there are moments man I did that
moment where we're gonna bury ya dad a
moment where we're like spinning around
yes goes the moment we're getting like
very well she's my daughter those lot
flying bodies at you oh my god there was
one over underground like legit on the
ground over swamp - that's what - I'm
Santa heck I'm scarred for life I'm
injured are you good scared because of
him bro I was laughing Hotel curbs
are those scratches oh my god I didn't
know what were here oh you chalice come
over even bigger than that I was always
yelling at without the block you bring
us in here bro why would you do that
slim was it slopes fell on the floor I'm
here oh my hippo Skippy buck slip on the
floor like five times he was legit on
the floor like legit laying down cursing
the people up there last summer my left
I mean oh my god
hi guys so we just got back to hotel
Slim's night out it's 1:00 a.m. and he
is so freaked out from the hotels it is
so funny before you receive those
putting on the skinny music it's it took
him a while to listen please phone me
Sabrina I was just gonna go like sketch
I'll put something on my face and just
scare my sleep
I'm scared he's good
you left all the lights over
yeah
you will play a game fuck you man
oh you put this illa fuck man honestly
man are you doing it shit
how do we get home first night man all
right let me get a hug you stop I'll
stop it forgive me like I'll start with
your bedroom I'll stop forgive you keeps
going keeps like perfect I'm sick I gots
it huh yeah oh man
I'm not moving oh I think it's not such
a soft heart oh I'm so sorry you're like
a little baby come on I got it's hard to
wrap up this blog it is really and we
gotta wake up really early tomorrow
got a couple interviews and then we can
go watch the movie so I see you guys
tomorrow do me gang at the premiere of
the movie American trivia if you guys
enjoyed this vlog make sure you give it
a thumbs up and go Turkey to Omaha to
die doing we made it to that like give
it a thumbs up and go turkey thank you
guys so much I don't know why I'm ending
this vlog like this I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care and peace I love you
stem you know you sleep with your eyes
open right Oh ice wall and you see you
see with your eyes open both scary don't
do that
no don't do it in textbook
always a fashion I'm sure that we gotta
do some angles I'm sorry bro hair but
that's not to say so pretty much this
