Rema right now is mad at me I'm sorry we
wanted sorry I said I'm sorry here you
can hit me go hit me anyone why hey guys
what's up it do me gang hope you are
having an amazing day because I am
having an amazing morning so if you're
having an amazing morning you guys
should be having an amazing morning to
have to wake up really early is about 9
a.m. right now mas and woke me up it's a
good thing you woke me because I have to
press upload on the vlog and the vlog
that guys were watching yesterday's vlog
was over 30 minutes long so it takes
about I think five or six hours to
upload so it's a good thing that press
upload takes really long to edit it took
me about two three hours to edit and
about four or five hours to upload so
all together is about eight nine hours
but I don't really care how long it
takes as long as you guys enjoyed it and
it went up on time and I'm up on time so
thank you mustn give a huge thank you to
marcin for waking me up early thank you
so much cat-boy
Thank You gap boy move your hands from
your gap you're gonna have bigger cut
you big a lucky gal to think of that
look at that you see yeah I'm gonna let
you look at your gap every single day
everything good like this smile is so
funny smells like this like that look
that's a smile what are you smile like
that what's wrong with you this is
literally my laptop when the vlog is
uploading for hours it just stays right
there sometimes Muslim just comes and
hits it so I keep it there
I gotta keep it open for it to continue
uploading but it's going super well all
right guys I'm selling mustn right now
whoever wants him make sure you guys get
him you want me go nope he's mine you
can't get him here nope
he's my haircut you wanna do me get him
come get him come on nope he's mic okay
no he's not here
oh no hi guys let me tell you guys
something to all my New York homies my
New York adieu me my New York adieu me
gang I'm planning on doing something but
I don't know I don't know like I'm still
thinking about it is stop that what's
wrong with you I'm playing out doing
like a chill out in New York City with
me
Mawson Rima and like The Addams Family
chill out inner city we meet up in Times
Square at the red stairs but I'm still
thinking because Muhsin whenever he's
around a lot of people he starts crying
something like what it might get it
might get really like scary for him by
the same time he is he likes you know
chilling and hanging out outside
Rema Rema is the nicest person that you
guys with me I do mean if you guys ever
meet Rima she's super nice she's so
humble she thinks she's a princess but
she's so sweet she's so nice so I'm
thinking about doing a chilla let me
know in the comments below - all my new
I could do me gang let me know if you
guys think it's a you know it's a cool
idea or not or how should I do
one should I do it let me know I wanna
do something cool like that before you
know they get older it can be a fun time
we can chill all of us me Rima Marcin
might bring some more people from the
Addams Family let me know the comments
below as long as you guys can babysit
the kids with me
and it might hopefully we don't get like
mob or not much people a lot of people
might come because the muscle gets mob
it will be the funniest thing ever
I might just bring Buster just to like
just so he can get mobbed to sit sit
I don't want you guys to meet him it's
so funny he's but he's gonna especially
the way he smiles look I am outside
right now near Central Park heading to
the Metropolitan Museum of Art's I
haven't what's a museum for so long I
want to go in there so bad but I'll get
in so much trouble
a lot of people here in the museum this
is beautiful
that's really cool I am out from the
museum I have the receipt and I have the
proof that I went inside the museum so
guys I'm just joking I wasn't supposed
to go to the museum stem told me that he
needs proof that he went to the museum
for his homework so this museum is like
right by me so I had to go to the museum
get proof and to show him so you can
bring it to school and show them that he
went to the museum so he won't get like
a half so he won't fill or anything so I
have this which is basically gives him
the credit in schools so when I see him
I'm gonna prank and I'm gonna say that
it was closed and I couldn't go in and I
couldn't do anything
oh they called they said I now know
tickets run I didn't want to get up see
that's it I'm not cutting at the needy
this is Walk Alone roll I took they said
I told them don't I go you do not have
to get up the tickets are like it's
absolutely not pointers
I know before they say got a boat
anyways guys right now we're heading
what we're heading to things do I swear
I suppose what happened basically I had
to go to the museum and try to get a
ticket for a slim four is like homework
stuff like that but thing is they didn't
allow tickets anymore and I know we have
to go like Fiat class the more they did
allow no more tickets or nothing okay
bladder nose custardy and go there's I'm
up for this is listen this is a snapshot
of something nobody's done much bro this
is the stop sell the tickets at how 30
weeks like they said they stopped
selling tickets at 4:30 what bros down
my for I want then I tried this guys
mess Roy's a man he's mad that one night
fall right now we ended the all night
going up like why not go up like you
outside South flames I'm billion stop
play me SATs are playable so I'm playing
me and I can't believe up been holding
back off it's a flame but sapling
dumpling that plain wrong you need to
start playing us where to go knife you
on I came a worldstar worldstar guess
what your ticks around here the Sega CNC
I suppose you are so I might be getting
a new black camera today from Best Buy
but the thing is I want to go to that
place BH is a much better camera store
it has literally everything camera they
have the best quality cameras and I know
there's probably nothing wrong with this
camera I want to get a better camera
yeah I just need what's a good camera
that a good vlogging camera like this
about even better I mean I know this one
is good but things I want to give them I
want to give you guys better audio like
I'm gonna get like better audio better
better like a wider angle
better audio when the wind goes through
it does fill you in a little bit here is
it zoomed out more like okay so I'm not
getting a new vlog camera from Best Buy
I just feel like V and H so much much
better camera so I was looking all
through Best Buy only have like 10 15
cameras and literally in B&H they have
like a thousand two thousand cameras you
guys have seen a big difference when I
go there probably sometime this week
thing is this clothes right now so when
I go there you guys see a big big
difference I just need a better camera I
want to get better audio and better
everything for you guys so I give you
guys better quality so hopefully
gracias
the input I love Spanish food tastes so
good especially Mexican food taco
I am here chillin at this cool now
having some cranberry juice relaxing
because tomorrow night we're heading to
Dearborn and I am so excited because
this Friday 6 p.m. I'm gonna be watching
the movie that I'm featured of O'Regan
many more cool amazing actors Eric
Fabrice Baba Ali could dear Latif
amazing people that aren't there
American Sharia done awesome you guys
saying I was seeing it too fast some of
you guys are new so you guys don't know
the movie our saga mass is called
American Sharia is the first Islamic
comedy movie it is an amazing movie from
what I've heard so far a lot of you guys
have seen it was it well it's been
played over 22 cities in the UK over
many cities in Australia all over Europe
this is the first time a place in
America in Detroit and nothing is going
to come to New York and it's going to
come to Florida which I promise welcome
to you guys so excited to see it because
just like I don't know the first time
seeing myself like acting acting and I
kind of nervous see how I did and stuff
like that I mean you're less slim be the
judge of how I did gonna go I'm very
critical so you know very critical
better give me a good critical judge
that will better so you better like you
know
I think they're pretty good Amory
Cosette I did good great so yeah so we
know he's lying no no Morgan he's always
honest you know
yeah see I'll go stable see you guys in
Detroit taking a few Rhema right now is
mad at me I'm sorry I'm sorry I said I'm
sorry he can hit me go ahead hit me hard
why why hit me I can go like this go
alright sis what happened she broke my
ukulele bow grab my ukulele I'm like
what do you do and then she just got
like mad she ran she started crying the
floor and I was like sorry mom I didn't
mean to shout at you I'm sorry
let it go let it go can't take this
crying anymore let it go let it go can't
take remark anymore I just need me more
to love to love me again this is I'm
sorry let's be friends
I just need me mother love yes let's be
friends we I just knew you would never
change baby they will never change
I love Yuri mom I'm cookie you sure yeah
hi guys so since I'm Adrian Matt and I
gotta meet her like cry stuff I'm gonna
make it up to her and I'm gonna sing her
and nice imma give her a nice
performance with this broken ukulele
well it's just one string off but it's
so good are you ready Reed month yes
okay you tell me any song you want and
I'll sing it to you okay ABCD song eh
G frame xt w xt Wow
LT now I know my freaking ABC's next
time won't you twerk with me I mean ABC
then with me a ABCD struck with me so
Reba what song do you want next any song
you like
yea-ah
twinkle twinkle little star okay ready
got diamonds in the sky
raiments Oh twerk it twerk a little star
how I talk in what you own a bulb of
like I work so hard like a line and I
took to the sky twinkle twinkle Nicola I
worked all day you can take it thank you
thank you so much you far to God 80 what
next song do you want monkeys on okay
ready
five little monkeys jumping on the bed
one fell down and bumped his head the
mama called the doctor and the doctor
said no on the back
four little monkeys jumping on the bed
one fell down and bumped his head mama
called the doctor and doctor said oh
three little my remix Sanctus four
little monkeys twerking on the bed one
fell down and hurt his butt oh my god
wait what'd you say the mama called the
doctor and the doctor said no
I know but working on that vest
jumping out of bed hey thank you thank
you thank you so much very much Hey and
that was my performance to make it up
for me ma I'm sorry what's up ado me
gang I'm back here at my thinking spot
with my thinking hat on to talk to you
guys cuz I love talking to you guys
yesterday I felt like we had more of a
connection when I was speaking to you
guys and you guys gave like a lot of
amazing positive feedback so I am happy
with that thank you guys so much for all
the love and support on the daily vlogs
you guys have been showing every single
day seriously let me know if you guys
actually make it to the end the vlogs by
giving it yep I giving this vlog a
thumbs up and truly like depending on
all the views and all the thumbs up I
try to like calculate and see like
alright so this much people actually
made at it on the vlog and it makes me
feel happy when like a lot of you make
it today on the vodka I actually see
this part of the end of life you guys
didn't just skip it so thank you guys so
much for that so I'm a rider that do
Me's go turkey and I wanted to share a
story with you guys so today I was
outside I was waiting for slim and stuff
like that so someone spotted me and the
person was was like a ride-or-die to me
so the person was was kinda like
freaking out like oh my god I don't this
is that and this person had a friend and
that friend every time I meet like every
time I meet someone watched my videos or
like a hardcore do me like there's
always someone it's always a friend
who's just like not like a hater but
like there's always a friend who's who's
like just there like just look like is
dirty looks grills and just like what it
just kind of makes me feel awkward but
like I make it less awkward I'm really
good at making stuff like comfortable
mess awkward but it was you know the
girl she asked her picture she's
freaking out and then the guy that was
with her he was just like oh like you
just look
he was like I can have the camera too I
mean I can have a camera and just talk
to myself and just get big on YouTube
like it's nothing and the fact is when
he said that like he made it seem like
it was it was easy I'm like wait like
it's not as easy as it looks us
youtubers we always get looked down upon
a lot of people look at us like oh they
just have a camera and they just say
whatever they want above but they don't
know how hard it is like we work harder
then I feel like we work harder than
celebrities a lot of celebrities look
down on youtubers because they're like
other youtubers and they're on the
internet without up to the level where
TV movies this and that but the thing is
us youtubers we're our selves we're
self-made we edit ourselves we do stuff
ourselves we film it ourselves we get up
and fix it we get to stand all these
celebrities they have people working
with them they have people as a team
doing everything while this they're just
they're getting someone giving them
grapes and stuff and like doing nothing
and just chilling and still making money
still being rich but us youtubers it
takes it takes a lot of hard work and a
lot of dedication it's not just taking a
camera and just speaking and just like
that I mean I felt like when the guy was
selling out today I feel like I feel
like he disrespected me I mean it's not
just my buddy he said in the most really
disrespectful way but I'm not like I
didn't say enough times just like nah
man like you should try it it's not as
easy it looks so he's like man anybody
anybody these days I'm like not it's not
anybody you just have you have to be
dedicated you have to be passionate you
have to be yourself you have to just you
know you have to be original you have to
be it's so much stuff you have to be too
for people to like you for people to
watch you for a lot of stuff it's not
just getting the camera and just letting
people just speak and all of a sudden
everyone is gonna watch you have to just
be creative be unique and it takes a lot
of hard work it takes a lot of time out
of my life I love doing it but it's
still harder for me but I love doing
that hard work I love doing a dedication
for you guys and that's pretty much the
talk the little rant I want to share
with you guys I felt kind of like I'm fo
happy yes I met a writer that do me but
then a person you know they're probably
watching it right now but that's that
that's my feeling that they won't
express it to you I mean I did tell you
everything but in a really nice way I
did feel like
you kind of said in really disrespectful
way you were just like Oh anybody could
just like he was just throwing me like
are you basically he was just saying
like you ain't anyone can do that
which I kind of felt offended with it
but it's all good
everyone has their opinions everyone has
their own opinions I respect that and
other than that I will see you guys
tomorrow do me Aang I really hope you
guys enjoy this vlog I'm so happy you
guys have been smiling you guys have
been brightening up your days on these
vlogs Cesare's you guys have make me so
so happy so positive and I'm so excited
and everything to be giving you guys in
the future and thank you guys so much as
just like I don't know I've just been
feeling really blessed and I'm too lazy
past few days and I've been so happy so
thank you guys so much for that you guys
have been a big big big part of that so
thank you so so so much I can't thank
you guys enough I don't know I feel like
even the 30 minute vlogs even me working
doing so much stuff in the vlogs to try
to make it as best I can
singing terima putting stuff that I that
I don't really put which is like singing
through my I've never I never put me
playing with rumah me singing to remind
the vlogs I always think to her I always
read her stories but I don't put down a
lot but this today I decided to put it
up me sing with her so yeah and the
comment question of the day for you guys
is if you guys were to be a youtuber
what would you do on YouTube what would
you guys join you to for me I love
vlogging the one I love vlogging more
than like for me vlogging is number one
then it comes pranking because I don't
know how vlogging is just like it's like
a diary team it's like writing out
letting out my feelings speaking what I
want then is pranking is pranking I find
it really fun and then it's like this
inspirational social experiments is for
me what would you guys do I'll see you
guys tomorrow do me gang
thank you so much for element support
stay happy stay positive and peace I'll
owe you
always a feather promise you that
then me right there
this what you say
