it's what supper do me yank this is Adam
Saleh and I'm here at the new Adams
family house at the secret floor that is
not finished but I will give you guys a
tour right now what's gonna be done this
week
so this week I'm gonna buy a PC I still
don't know what kind of PC yet but let
me know in the comments below I just
want to get a dope dope PC also finally
finally finally Macy's is gonna fix my
bed tomorrow
I ordered the bed they brought the whole
bed but missed out pieces in the bed
like what the heck who does that also do
me yeah you see this right here this is
the most annoying thing ever so a few
days ago I did a fire prank slip to the
fire print the fire alarms went off and
now it doesn't want to shut up it keeps
going beep beep beep oh my god right
nice
this thing is so annoying gonna go lucky
I'm short me let me back you gonna fight
it I'll take a page you man what do you
think that's my shirt oh I hate that
thing man whoa you okay what I believe
the battery's low on the fire alarm or
needs like reinstallation but this week
it should be fixed with the PC in bed
also this week at the end January 6 is
gonna be a life changer for Rhema and
messin and all of us to do Mia because
their announcement do be getting only a
few days left only a few days left
pronounced DP January 6 3 p.m. is her
and Mawson's announcement also do me a a
stir rimas announcement January 6 I have
an announcement to make January 13 so
stay tuned for that right now we're
about to work out you ready to work out
about the word got me to Rima wallah
she's mine are you mine yeah she's mine
what is that this stupid beep is
annoying man which one this one uh uh no
the opening at the opening yet still we
gotta wait hey you play call of duty
okay you cut up bad right
what's good everyone so right now I just
stole Adams camera I don't know where
he's at he's somewhere upstairs but
right now I have a brilliant idea we're
gonna prank at Remo we're gonna prank
out and reprint you so now we got to get
him back right i'ma give you so this
idea you're gonna tell Adam Adam I want
to drop out of school and I want to
become a youtuber right you like that
idea
Waveland called booty dance abomination
domination call the buoy so they're
gonna come swimming yes I'm gonna keep
you in a few when you go to Chaplin okay
we're gonna leave your new school and go
to your old school oh you want to do
that when when you're six
do you like you to score know you have
to you know get education Rema you're
six
we just started see exactly you don't
know it's an education I know it Matt
what's the matter
okay what's 5 times 5 you need to go to
school if you drop Rima you need to know
you I guess
look I'm sweet to look at women don't
ever tell me you want to drop out
okay I don't want you dropping on Rima
it's not funny I don't you say something
that I don't you have ideas to drop it
up you know what if you want to drop up
then I'm not gonna pull you no more
videos yeah but do you know you don't
know what to drop out become a youtuber
you're ready youtuber it's not funny
when I went to India for charity for
school there's so many people in the
world that wanted to go to school and
you're here saying you want to drop out
that's how easy you got it
oh channel we must follow along Rima
user see here yeah what it mean you know
what the heck who taught her each other
sorry what I mean I got a good idea
Monica who gave me that idea stop G but
machi do you want to go to score no what
the heck
Muhsin look look at me you're gonna have
to go to school you better stay in
school okay three month it's not funny
ya know what that's a good idea
actually you see reason is you talking
like I'm Remus Olive blogs do Remus a
lot blogs when you finish school I
started you okay
I started YouTube when I finished school
I didn't leave you're the first grade
right it's six years old you're young
you have a whole life you are you to
work even your start you taught her
enough know who taught you who
influenced you see exactly you don't
know what influence means I'll say
remind say F say the funniest things
ever are you serious really but I don't
like you can even recite a joke I don't
like it you know this are you serious if
you don't go to school at the age of six
the police are gonna come to the house
and not get you complete okay you gonna
fight them how you gonna fight them how
you gonna look how small are you feel
small he's super small what is he gonna
do he's three he's three years old me
but don't think look look don't think
about stuff like you white you see what
does he hear no I heard my hair but
honestly that's good like she can have a
channel 8 I'm gonna tweet that about
Reba
why talk to me talk to your Baba do I
look like your Baba what I'm your dad
what I'm not your dad I don't know for
me I'll give you advice I won't make
your decisions but you're not jumping up
that's one thing nothing you do and say
you're not dropping out becoming YouTube
everyone don't say that yeah don't say
that don't dream it's not funny if I
hear you saying drop out again
me and you boom boom okay I'm gonna tell
your mom good tell me what that was it
was in on it too oh my god I had a
little feeling I was a useless of I
don't know he said must have taught her
a little bit about dropping out because
why I don't know where she's telling
remot oh my god she did good all right
drop it now stage school stands Glen
beeping hello so you're putting the
whole thing yeah oh yeah I recorded on
your camera totally yeah brodny so hi to
my cameras in there all my cameras be
everywhere with you guys want to go out
all right now you want to go out oh you
guys want to go out so you're gonna
prank me and then you want to go outside
yeah huh yeah okay okay fine I'll take
you guys out I'll tell you okay okay
I'll take you guys out look at them
screw you with me prank them gotta get
screw you I said it wasn't even on it he
just came in and he played it off no way
Muhsin did you do the prank or no I feel
so bad man he's so innocent Aviv you
feel bad oh nevermind he's not innocent
hi guys so I just got home from hanging
with the family my camera died my other
small camera that I use must've looked
so tired you okay no but I did do some
shopping I got some stuff for the house
for my crib for my PC room my office
I got me a Mario look at this Super
Mario oh my god boss the things his but
it's not that's mine
but what the heck are you doing why you
love Mario yeah okay kids these days man
this is crazy
Pikachu pok√©mon gotta catch them all
Pikachu Yoshi what up man Yoshi what's
up though huh you want him what's why
keep taking my toys stop Hey look what I
also got not really a gamer but I got
this to have fun
I got the PlayStation VR and I got the
game Resident Evil right here what's up
man now you know it's always gonna be
lit over here we got the Pikachu we got
some Austen we got tomorrow we got the
Yoshi but why happen it the sleeping
yeah okay okay so are you gonna stare at
them sleep why is so weird why are you
so weird huh you're such a weirdo and I
thought I was weird man this kid is be
staring out from sleep what okay sorry
Pikachu sleeping yeah Pikachu the way
you said sleep this is why I love this
kid man he makes my day he does the
weirdest stuff I love this do so much
for him yeah
why are you so weird
she's not lair chillin pictures a here
I'm not gonna gave me oh my god oh my
god slim my bad I'm uh I had a quick
gave me question I know you're watching
the basketball game right now but I'm
not much a new game is that mod is
Pikachu a boy or a girl
I don't come on bro you don't know this
say what light it up
you don't know Pikachu is a girl right
it's a girl no way it was a girl yes I
know is a girl along I didn't know I
said didn't really know I thought was a
boy all along doobie gang I'm gonna be
wrapping up the vlog here I just want to
say this year I want to start commenting
on my own videos replying to you guys so
do me Aang if you guys want this is you
know real talk so Adam right now I'm
letting you guys know comment below
leave any comment below and I'm gonna be
replying to as many comments as I can I
always always read your comments and
like the first two hours the first few
hours when the blog is out so leave a
comment below and I will be replying to
a few of you guys and I'll be vlogging
it matter of fact I'm gonna be replying
to a lot of comments from now on almost
like every other day because if I were
your comments that might as well reply
to them but just to know I read every
single one of your comments and I
appreciate every single one you guys
thank you guys so so much shout out to
all my free ones I love you guys thumbs
up if you guys enjoyed this video
eat shout out to Yusef and Rima those
Punk's man screw you guys Jesse I love
you guys - see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace I like that I can't lie
can't way to put you all tonight cuz I
saw a field girl and on a rail we'll be
doing the most tonight just you and I
girl I put on my knee to side
