did you Murphy
to me right here right here
I am here with Rima and we must say
what's up is that you mr. person is so
bad since he does not want to sit down
you never want to sit down right huh
stop moving around so much
oh okay
what's up gap boy what's his name Rima
what's his name what's your name your
gap girl
Lera come back what are you doing huh
what's that butch Eva he's gonna be a
thug when it goes up man better pull
your pants up boy you better pull your
pants up boy I'll take that belt I'll
whup you read my stuff he doesn't wanna
be carry like that be careful
it's getting so bad Rima teaching right
to be good
teach him how to be good I didn't say
carrot I didn't say carry me put him to
hunt he said
come on boy look at me shine Hunter
Street he's out of my league only gonna
make it um all the hands it wasn't never
was older you guys look so funny take
your hoodie off show them my cute hair
of yours
look at me 28 tomorrow hey hey what are
you doing school today okay
I said what did you do in school I'll
never say how you be good in school
today
wow that's the first time I Remo always
gets in trouble school good I know but
next time don't like another look at
what are you looking at huh
what is he looking at days in her huh
what's up guys I just met the homie
Omar his phone is dead so I told them
all to take a little of life so you can
snap shadow say cheese ready - yeah come
on yeah I got you hey guys what's up ado
me gang hope you all having an amazing
day because I'm having a birthday so if
I'm having amazing day you should be
having an amazing day - and the craziest
thing just happened right now I just met
up with slim I'm not having amazing day
if you don't have an amazing that she
still be happening to me today yeah and
he's not having me today because I told
him we're supposed to meet say you're
selling soy all right obviously mas at
first you say your side of you guys tell
us who's correct that it's - you're so
stupid
you're so good dumb you're dumber yeah
dummy dumber
you're stupider - oh my god other st.
look his phone is 3% is about to die and
I have no way to contact him when it's
dead like nobody concert so I said meet
me at a 111 Street and Park Avenue right
there at this place meet me there right
so I go there he's not there I go to 20
mins later he's not there I'm walking
I'm I told him 111 parking out there so
usually always me at this other spot in
110th Street and I went there I was
waiting there Christmas since we always
meet that I want this to go wait for him
and he's nowhere to be found and
literally like an hour passes by and
nothing nowhere to be found so I don't
know where I see tweet at my phone
somehow he told some guides to go on
Twitter or whatever he would let it live
he literally signs in and some random
guys Twitter and tweeting me said Adam
come here I'm in a 110 in park I'll go
to one Central Park I'm like are you
serious row you're in 110 Park I told
you 111 in a park and then I what the
heck is
this how you talk how stupid Adam is yes
Oh 3% matter and we had my phone's gonna
die
he's also wish I met you is like 111
partly alright one of the important so I
go right
I stand one of apart for like 20 minutes
you didn't come so good maybe is an out
of topic alone so I'll walk down to 110
in part which is down block I'm looking
down in the corner see if I didn't come
down for 111th I'm saying 110 and park
and then and then after I was I'm still
coming after 2900 so I go inside the
store and then I buy some chips they
come back out and I say another 10
minutes eating chips and stuff the
corner he still didn't come and asked
him some lady what time as you said it's
5 o'clock cause like 5 o'clock he
shouldn't come out he said for 15 or
something like that so I go I go back to
110 and I waited and then I see people
for their phones and they wouldn't trust
me you can you think I'm a thief or some
shit no you want to give me that phone
no you go my Beach you got my bag just
please I need your phone I asked
managers y'all please I beg you please
me silence Witter
I said tweet my dumb step-brother then
you stupid as hell they call me
something she's only said brother
something it seemed to sissy I don't
know I'll skip use awaiting like see you
some gym I go together look no like look
like dumb self other never rack and end
up Tiananmen Twitter me the guy download
oh you'd have Twitter app I mean I'm a
nerd but it still your fault cuz you
never showed up on 111 up so whose fault
is it you never showed up 111 aparted
well when rather you never showed up
with her I was on Winston departing I
was looking at one to live and he's
gonna show up at the spot where we
always meet which is one time Luxio is
like sister who know the block that's
one block I said that's a different
River two minute walk I said two minute
walk why would she go to spy on you know
you didn't try looking for miss thing I
was going on everywhere then I go and I
see him just standing there do nothing
I'm like oh my god I'm going on I'm the
blob we met up and next time you just
need to charge your phone it all started
cuz you did not tried your phone that's
it I don't used to you know I just
charge your phone bro if I was in your
situation I'd find me like no he
wouldn't know you're dumb now you hurry
aww peace - oh my god presence is like
waiting that long gets you so mad
oh my god so so mad I'm not someone
writing I want to choke you I want to
choke you or hug you this
so slim just told me he has never been
to the wax museum which is crazy while
you're in New Yorker supposed to be
going to wax museum well I didn't nobody
supposed to go to New York question is
LA so but you know what
I'm gonna take him today on Adams style
adventure instead of Reema's go get slim
soon blue hey waiting for Adam solid
hey guys I'm Kylie I'm it oh yeah we
have mrs. Kim I don't care
make sure you malaria
you
I came here so many times and I never
knew they had the homie notorious b.i.g
oh it was good look this what happens if
they're here real life and we're like
such fine girls you'd be like touching
in life
Panthers de-ice we have the Hulk we have
the Yemen Eric and Hulk right here hey
so sim what would you do you have ten
seconds to go he's like to punch right
now what would you do 10 seconds five
nine
let's go eight seven big shit so sick
look we got a football over here we got
messy right there soccer I'm sorry at
the penalty
defended by some alien guy oh oh oh shit
alien
Oh Oh
Oh
hey I'm chillin the homey Edwin
Oh smells so good
what's up it do me gang I am home and
I'm back at my thinking chair well not
what thinking time I am I thinking floor
I'm on the floor and I'm here to talk to
you guys once again and tell you guys
you know just speak out my minds I hope
you guys don't mind that at all because
I feel like I'm more connected with you
guys that do me gang and I like talking
to you guys and I like sharing you know
a lot of stuff that goes on throughout
there was something cool something cool
and weird happened today which I don't
know it's kind of weird but yeah
something cool happen today I was at
this lounge I was setting out I had a
milkshake a chocolate milkshake and
there was two people across from me and
those two people they kept staring I
mean they kept looking at their phones
and just looking at me making sure I
think this what I think I think they
were either looking me up or going on my
Twitter Instagram to make to make sure
like that's me so I'm there pretending I
don't know what's going on I'm there
just chillin you know just looking like
okay no I don't know two minutes later
one of them come up they let all your
Adam you know took a picture and stuff
like that then after after like 5-10
minutes one of them come up and they
were like oh can you follow me on
Instagram and I was yeah sure I'll I'll
follow you on Instagram but then she
ended up saying this yeah you don't have
to follow me I don't have much followers
anyway I know that you only follow
people who has followers basically she
try to say that I only think people are
cool if they have followers and like
then I got so offended I'm like whoa
look like I do not care how much
followers you have I would do not judge
anyone of how much followers you have
even if you have one follower if you're
being nice if you're respectful that I
respect you for that I do not care I was
so happy when I have 10,000 files I was
happy when I had 50 followers I'm still
happy even when I had one follower the
thing is like I do not care amount of
followers you have I do not care a man
of likes or anything that if you're a
genuine person I also follow the if
you're a genuine person I also talk to
y'all so I'll hang out with you I don't
care how much follows you have so to the
girl that I met today do not think I'm
like that just Auto you don't think like
I'm not type of guy that's like oh my
god no you have to have 500k for me to
talk to you you have to have to hunch I
don't care I don't care if you're a nice
person I don't look down on anybody so
that's pretty much what I want to say I
just wanted to let it off my chest
because I don't know felt bothered like
I thought when she thought that sometime
gonna meet you guys I feel like if that
person thinks that then I feel like
everyone thinks that I'm not I'm not
like that I don't judge anyone however
much followers you have I don't think
anyone is cool they have that much
amount of followers you can still be
cool with one follow everyone's like you
they like you so that's pretty much what
I want to say of that that's pretty much
it I'm gonna be out tonight and tomorrow
I'm heading to Comic Con on Thursday
Friday Saturday and Sunday so expect
some crazy cool new vlogs I am in the
process of having a new video for the
main channel I know I haven't done a
video for so long but I promise do me a
stick with me bear with me I promise
thank you so much to everyone who's
bearing with me sticking with me to
every day with the daily vlogs there is
a new video on the main channel coming
online and I need all of your support on
it so hopefully each other all goes well
and I'm so excited for everything that's
coming up and hope you guys all know
that if you guys do not know what's
coming up Survivor October 18th the
tours in October November December
divine Middle East Indonesia if you guys
made it to the end of this vlog make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey and give yourself a pat on the
back because you made it to the end like
now Cersei give this like a thumbs up if
you made it to the end thank you guys so
so much for your love and support it
truly means the world I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care of Douma gang and
peace
I like nah but seriously follow me on
instagram because like i'm trying to
reach a million fucking guys take it
I'm here for you always a favor
promise you that those teeth let me
write them away I know okay that's what
you say
