guys don't do drugs right here motherfu
I should tell you I want to tell you
that sometimes I use your deodorant when
I come in your room and you don't know I
use it you're arrested sometimes I'm
confessing I'm gonna say that easy dude
get up we all got kicked out that was
fun Milas that room look who just woke
up who looks like a mess no his name is
gap boy gap oh what's up what's up got
boy
Rasen Shawn gap oh well yeah well he
woke up so his rise and shine for him
look at him he's walking he's walking
he's us dude come over give you a big
hug give me a big hug come over come on
let me get a big hug pick up thanks
happy
whoa what kind of trick is that okay
stop size up you're gonna get out and
push the car out what the heck kind of
what is you what this is the most
ratchet way to drive but you're mad I
didn't ask you this yesterday but how
much need money did you make
I need to know that a hundred and fifty
six hundred fifty six dollars who has it
now hey mom ha ha Rima how much did you
mean oh you really said yesterday you
said for eight nine six seven eight that
you may 22 the dollar you might wanna
see Toronto I trust of luck are you
stressed are you mad are you having girl
problems
yes who Zarah Lima oh three mom what
about Zara
whoever sauna
I have a designer designer give you an
issues
taking love is she was prom like when
girls are catching listen she's so fast
so fast wow that's crazy so what about
your ex Bushido you were clear a villain
girlfriend why because she was the best
one she's the baddest woman why how
running around she's mad fat etc she's
fast as on her so she was crazier so you
just broke up with her
Wow so on it too huh in dental you broke
up was already you know yeah so you
broke up so you guys are no longer
together
why because no I thought you loved her
together together huh brothers talking
about that oh you don't wanna say
anything plead the fifth
alright yeah I miss it so you're
treating me like I'm the paparazzi now
huh oh I'm the paparazzi now Rima thank
you for defending me Rima you know he's
a jerk you value that you're funny crazy
if I'm gonna go out okay I'll see you
guys later
why I'm gonna go out for a little bit
come back right yeah why yeah
I'm gonna go for a little walk and a
little ride all right time up yeah this
outside of miles an hour with that sit
down
hey guys what's up and do me in I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day and if I have
an amazing day you should be having an
amazing day too
today today we're gonna go on a
hoverboard hoverboard swaggy board
whatever board next board whatever board
is called we're gonna go on a little
ride all over Derrick City so let's see
how it turns out I really don't know why
but I'm so addicted to these it just
makes me so lazy but then I feel so
guilty like I wanna walk and exercise
but I don't know just so fun makes you
feel like a little breeze it's not too
fast not too slow just I kind of kind of
like a speed walking
oh I thought I was still going fat good
yeah get a hang of it huh I'm scared
Jonny is evil each other with the toys
welcome to New York's today State New
York City you got to do it in New York
City right now where you guys from
Austria shout out to Austria what's up
is it first time in New York City
yeah do you guys like it
can take a picture - yes
Thank You Santa my email
I'm just
everyone is always asking about these we
came and drive it around please he got a
regular skateboard everyone is still
even asking about the regular school
what did you want to know how to learn
what do you want to learn in life I want
to learn
to survive what I book
II sleep I thank God every day I make
other people smile make other people
laugh I just enjoy life I do what I want
I don't care what people other people
think it's fear positivity try to make
other people smile
what do you do this level I rhyme yeah
Miley Cyrus with the climb I don't even
fuck
1 times 2 equals decline all around
because I teach the whole world what the
fuck I do fuck around what's your name
Adam I know Mike what's your name
we call Adam Adam great I am from
are you from your nationality
ah a Mexican and a half Arabian Arabian
yeah I never I never but my father but
at the same time I'm gonna tell you
right now when who lose Arabic your
mother your mother your father my mother
your mother Narvik yes that is Mexican
yes my daddy never fuckin around came
around
Telefunken round tell a bitch where the
fuck to come around what countries
yes at the same time but my father's
many kind of tell a bitch that I'm
coming from the Chicano mob Pakistan
that I'm
pounding fucking coming from around
guys don't do drugs guys always on a
Friday night there's the most weirdest
people here in New York City I've almost
got into a fight someone was so like
inside drugs he didn't even know he was
talking about
he didn't know first you say in his
mama's Arab the neat son said his
father's Arab was just really weird some
guy wanted to fight me because it was so
funny some some guy's legit wanted to
fight me because I asked him I told him
that mine's called swaggy board and his
is called the next board and then he was
like no that original one is called like
sideboard or IOB behind people NATO I
didn't really like our youth anyone to
look like that but I told him I'm so
logic no the original one is called
sideboard or a Hoover board son like
that oh he got up the Gaza Strip Adam
he's tatted up all over like his body he
got up he was like are you ready to
fight why you argue who me are you ready
to fight in the middle of like Starbucks
from everybody I'm like looking at
everyone this lip goes up to him is like
Coco relax I don't like roadies are you
serious about the fighting me because
are you it was funny yeah I'm Larry says
about to fight me because we're arguing
about like hoverboards was so weird so
random people in York City will fight
you off anything if you stare at them or
anything start a huge fight for no
reason this is why we need to move to
Mars or to Canada where the nice people
are out or we just need to move
somewhere in space it was just so weird
he's showing up showing his tag
so all about the pullout tickle my shirt
show my henna tattoo I'll buy the show
him the real deal you know I'm saying
about where can we go from Toronto on I
shout out to Tehran okay I'm going down
Jenny I won't say before those well it
was really cold
what do you like about a New York City
or Canada you excuse me girl what are
you doing in my seat visiting I will
kill me call Barack Obama to kick you
guys out till you get back Tommy what
yeah
yeah um you used to call me on my cell
phone
then I went to me
call me on my cell phone alright guys so
it's time to wrap up this vlog hope you
all enjoy this flag if you are watching
this right now and if you're watching me
if you made it to the end survive over
here make sure you give it a thumbs up
to my ride-or-die do me thank you guys
so much for your love and support
tomorrow is my mother's birthday so if
you guys are watching right now it's my
mommy's birthday it's her real birthday
actually not her fake passport birthday
so happy birthday to my mom thank you so
much for being seriously for always
being there for me you're always having
my back
Oh supporting me always pushing me go
hard and thank you so much for you still
see the bestest mom I've ever had and
yeah I love you so much on me I love you
so what you're watching this I know you
my mom watches my vlogs every single day
just to make sure to see what I'm doing
and sometimes how I'm going out to do
this she's like I'm gonna make sure to
see if you did what do you think you're
gonna do and you're not like I'm like
okay okay my dad he's a total opposite
he just never on internet never on
anything that's why I could say whatever
about my dad that's why I can tell you
guys that I'm gonna get him the car and
surprise him with it because he never
watches anything of it I do not know he
sometimes he's confused when people
sweat I like spot me when he spot him
he's like yeah he's my son but he's so
nice my dad's one of the most humble
people ever and that's it
I'll see you guys tomorrow do me gang I
love you guys so much take care peace I
like - yeah - always a fan promise you
that
let me write them away I know you feel
came this would choose to say
