hey guys what's up ado me gang hope you
all are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day a farm have an
amazing day you should be having an
amazing day too and I know some of you
guys are like oh my god Adam that's so
cheesy that's so corny it's not about me
being cheesy anything it's about me
spreading positivity and giving it to
you guys see you guys can be positive
too the funny thing is I got this saying
if I'm having a great day you should be
having a great day too
I got it from Rima I was in bed one time
and I was so mad Rima came into my room
she was so happy she's seen me match
like Adam I'm happy I have a good day
so if I'm happy have a good day you too
you have happy you be good eh then it
just made me feel so good and it made me
feel so happy so funny dealer and my dad
so both of them are like not you gotta
give me a good price and I was like I
got to go this is so funny to come there
this is what you feel happiness right
here when you negotiate here the hard
Normandy this place what you think about
this one
haha this one's good this one is done we
went to a different Toyota shop the one
in Brooklyn and it is much better than
one in Manhattan and one in my hand they
just try to rip you off they add
interest to add so much BS into this one
they seem really cool and legit so far
so hopefully it goes well the sound
works and my dad is like he's going to
every car looking like getting coffee
from the prison guess what I found my
Dior sunglasses I didn't want to tell
you guys but I also lost these but then
I found it out of nowhere like a month
later I was so ashamed to tell you guys
because I lost so many sunglasses I did
what you guys think I'm like
irresponsible I'm not really responsible
is just that his shades are like
whenever it's not sunny I put it in the
side and then the kids go in my room it
takes up I'm not gonna play the kids
with ya sunglasses I'm really not
responsible so I tend to lose and just
get noise try to shake them don't ya
we're taking a prayer break while the
cars being confirmed
bring us about two three minutes late
now ready ready to get it daddy yeah
it's on the way it takes long so ready
to get the car it's like a big process
hopefully turns out great
I'm here with the homies farad and Saif
was Abu Yussef I'm and my nephew which
is they are they no say I have to say
ups dad as you might be getting a new
car to Alex like oh yeah but then you
gotta keep the new one right that's
right
no the only joke I like before why do I
have a senior at last time I seen you
maybe ten years ago right ten years and
yeah like like 70 years ago here is in
six black cartoons this back he didn't
get this one of 2015 and then we are
which one we're getting more color we're
gonna have think silver at the same one
I don't know is it gonna have the
license plate Abu Yussef with this whole
cars this is gonna like dope this is a
like real no it's gonna like real safe
we need to get a custom plate - yeah
like look at this one but you guys think
I like steak my guys we were finally
confirmed we'd get in the car it is
gonna be here in about ten days I'm so
excited to be getting it is getting me
so cool we're gonna go pick up slim I
don't know if slimmest yeah sometimes
about my dad so it should be cool the
car that we're in right now it's like a
really crazy bust out of car I might
film it for the video and I'm gonna be
that we we know you know
and i'ma show you guys the difference
between this car and the difference
between little car and I guess so
hopefully it turns out great me and my
daddy gonna pick up slim from his hood
because we're gonna go to the city have
a little chill out hangout this
beautiful weather today look at this do
we got a sweater on this hot weather
all right so I'm randomly in an uber
with the senior president hey I'm ran
over with them I'm just gonna take a
quick picture my slippers right there so
gonna take a right but that is right
there what that is right there so oh
good night car you look at it they're
gonna talking
right now we're walking through my hood
slim came up with a smart idea matter of
fact you would genius eight tomorrow all
right we need we need some haircuts
shape up so we need to go get some
haircut yeah go to the barbershop but
thing is I don't wanna get a haircut
because I don't we get hair a little
much you know all of our stuff please
let go you should take the splitter off
when it's there cuz like I don't you
small really small penis another one so
we just got at the barbershop that's the
fresh guys I'm not feeling mine a guy
really kind of messed up yours he did a
really good mind you didn't like it I
don't know I'm not feeling like that you
know
Jimmy picky with us now not just he
didn't he didn't trust me you know you
don't notice the only I notice is just
like stuff like but it's all gonna be
got done he dramatic
I'm scared I'm a space monkey right now
yes Oh
oh why are you doing this retrieve this
book
miss you think it's Oh
OOP than you
what Cookie Monster's a thug that's
crazy a few monsters Latino man
Cookie Monster prison I didn't know that
man childhood what's up guys I'm here
with the homies Cesar and bravi say what
up us good man but I just had like that
that I got so tired
girly yeah you're the soft air so hits
off there you can be good you guys wanna
check out all musico charismatic girl
charismatic Phil check it out of homies
real cool jesus reason I miss Richard
but no he's the inspiration and the keys
just met up with the homie
Michelle we're having a little cream a
little preceeds you know mini chill out
party here in town square
so should be this dude came with his
whole skateboard he came with his whole
escape or alpha
you've met up and like we're gonna see
this sound like you're not gonna meet up
with Tony Tony Hart you gonna meet us
sliding this on a point that's all up
lighting is on point
set go they get it silly physical
I'll be physical
we tricks
bro what is good
away from
you know but staff shirts of Vietnam was
good I don't oversell every time I see
you I want to get a hand hat what up
how you doing boy tomorrow is aired the
Moors eat very excited no goodbyes for
three when you smell about
hey look ahead is Paula hey stop the
resurgence what you guys do
hell I gotta check your room we're gonna
give them a little bed tour okay I want
to see okay so you have Wow so you have
Selena Gomez here they have Zayn Malik
we have Miley Cyrus One Direction Justin
Bieber and Selena Gomez a ripped up
justin bieber justin bieber justin
bieber justin bieber justin bieber zayn
malik's a marcelina going and there's no
and there's no picture of me you are in
the magazine Wow
so I have to be in a magazine figure
it's for you to get a picture of me
where am I supposed to do know why then
let me get I let me give you one of my
pictures so you can hang it up there
okay
okay and if anyone comes in to say you
put it out just say you put it there
okay biggest one is fast cuz you roll
over
how'd it get us a room tour for room
that's her that's another one direction
well Zane was there who's the best
watchin no I'm kidding all right guys so
I'm gonna be wrapping up the vlog here
because we have a lot to do for eat
tomorrow there's gonna be a big eat vlog
tomorrow hopefully it goes well for you
do something cool for you guys so if you
guys made it to the end of the block to
all Mariah there are dummies make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey if
you made it to the end thank you so much
for your love and support
okay you're not my hind bro well you're
not my height
you're not my height you know any little
kid who just hit people for no reason
just cuz you near them that's that's
hamza he's at that age
stop stop sir Sam come to sit down how
does it stop come on man come on pick me
up pick me up now give me up all right
guys
see you guys tomorrow pneumatic a
nomadic to everybody was celebrating it
to the whole doom again to all your
families and family and friends and
peace everybody peace off the eighth son
I love you guys so much I love you guys
so much I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care peace I got to say I love you I
love you no no I will do together
everybody who's gonna enhance to you
always in favor let me write them away
this would choose to say
