hey guys what's up your doom again I
hope you all having an amazing day
because I'm having a super amazing take
and if I'm having a super amazing day
you should be having a super amazing and
I'm having such an amazing because my
youtube channel is finally back handle
at my main channel his back and I am so
happy and you guys do not know how like
I went through so much but you guys kept
me strong seriously you guys can be so
strong that I continue on making videos
for you guys every day and so you just
want to think like you guys for keeping
me strong I want to thank my whole team
for helping me out everything only
things slim four seriously like he was
literally by my side the whole time him
and my nephew Saif and seriously all you
guys have been showing so much love has
been showing so much support so thank
you guys so much wearing the same
clothes necessary but it's all good
don't judge us if we just have to hotel
we decided not to go on we just decided
to go fix up the YouTube channel and fix
it and we're gonna go through some video
games we're going to go to Brooklyn to
play some video so hopefully turns out
well well please take it easy on me I
don't play video games like that so
all right we're going to take the train
there funny thing is having to train for
so long
I'm always overing it everywhere but I'm
going to take the train from the
afterplay
this game place I really hope responsive
it's boring
I'm leaving in five minutes or I'm gonna
just mess you guys on wires playing
games I hate this happened
someone's going in I'm trying to go out
so we just got into this game place
where everybody play games is so weird I
feel like left out like I don't know
nothing is going on people oh my god
choose Jigglypuff choose Little Mac and
I'm like move is that I am trying to get
two more games so hopefully it should go
well we'll play Super Smash Brothers
right now and I'm a little mad for both
teams with lemon one of the bus ranks
history in this game he's the best hour
of game I'm not even joking I'm not even
saying I just cuz I'm saying it just cuz
we slide him and he's Kendall I'm not
saying that he's the best ab gamer like
he's really nice in this game it is so
creepy how nice to know somebody
whatever I'm playing with my bro like
take it easy I mean I'm trying to get
good I'm trying do the best okay I know
you're the best gamer but yeah little
crappy yummy spot versus some Chinese
Mario Mario
agent what's your name second I got same
thing samu by Sam Edmund and what's your
name hot and you are gonna traitor
open up I see
Tamara powers like love relationship
okay like that something like ready you
know I'm like one of the best cities for
versus possible you miss right yeah man
he's glad this is my homies Latinos
what's up Latinos I do a man what's up
you guys are no Arabs and Hispanics like
we're taking in cousins right very cool
pretty like hustle by Thomas us yeah
let's mix it up yet again a second table
patio huh klonopin Yan get to us anymore
get to ask me more huh here is week
vanish little bit
oh I got that I got the guys those
amazing game I was a good game this is a
very intense game wanna Game one once
best out of three but I'm back you just
lost a 1v1 one guys okay we lost cause
it him oh that's a game
Oh Matata hey let's go guys you just won
by settle by in red Mario Lisson lime or
grow with you guys I walk away a lot but
on three one two three
we just got done playing video games
we're finally heading home some let them
know how how sick I was
be honest you say on it a pretty good
man I'm getting much I'm getting I'm
getting a little training in that's why
I'm afraid he's training me very well in
this gaming stuff so but the hi I'm day
was when I'm walking on a block and the
girls like hey you look my sister so we
go stop me she was like you look like
myself just the other really really
social studies really hey guys listen to
me egg my name is Rima if you lift me
did we miss you of course not
you didn't miss everyone what's up guys
so I just got home and I seen Remus unit
for about two two days what's up guys so
I just got home and I seen
Biba you okay new water huh
what's up guys so I just got home and I
seen princess
lean back and I haven't seen her for
about two three days well I have a vlog
cooler for about two three days because
she's been feeling a little sick so I
wanted her to chill out for a bit
relax her but until she's ready to come
back and we're ready to come back sure
you're fun today we are going to be
reacting to old vlogs old videos that
has me and Rima I'm kind of nervous
watching every were you nervous or
you're a baby like no sir
are you ready think the way she says her
last name sitting I love it Rima what
three more what one more time Rio what
Theory Masoli
huh are you ready to watch some old
videos yeah alright so right now it's
time to pray I'm gonna pray in the
knowing video says I wanna see wearing
this gorgeous pretty some sexy body
my hairstyle was so horrible I like I
feel so ashamed
oh my god oh that don't my hair like I
was so crazy I can't I don't know you're
scared of wood when I was pretty I was
praying method of that day and I decided
to film it see what she's gonna do
because she always goes and talked to me
so I was like I need to let you guys see
this what is that you're hitting me with
the slinky look look look look like
they'll be back
remark what are you doing you
pretty much really yeah it's pretty good
right hook
what are you doing get out my back your
Lily you were like before
no now you're heavy be my knight you
have you oh oh oh you wrote mother ah ah
say sorry sorry sorry sorry this is the
makeup challenge so I believe that I did
I'm really beautiful so ugly I mean I
made you beautiful you mom
I knew I should just give you something
you I feel so bad right now she's
watching it and she's not say nothing
I'm just waiting for about 10 15 years
when she beats me up are you gonna beat
me up in 10 15 years I will not I like
that beat up yep Adam when I'm older
okay I got proof in a future try to do
something we have a verbal you know
thing that you've said you know okay
okay what is that
fukijamas you but to do it out of my
eyes
I'm sorry he said thumbs up
it's one of the funniest videos are
filmed with her because she didn't want
to do it but she wants him to the
beginning that she didn't want to do it
was cold was it was actually really worn
was it cool
it was a hot bucket challenge yeah look
a 50 clothes
what alright guys that is it of reacting
to our old vlogs maybe will react to
more if you guys want to see more
reacting to old wise give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey to all my rider down
dummies who made it to the end of life
make sure you give it a thumbs up say
thumbs up you guys do not know in a
couple years maybe Remo what stop King
Bremen would be a future vlogger she's
gonna help me out a lot and hopefully
you know it should be a crew look you
want to end up like it doesn't look well
pump pieces - time that's up and peace
hello you see you tomorrow dummy game
hello
while you keep myself to blood huh are
you okay
wanna throw better sure sherry sherry
okay whatever this video have it she
wants to do it again see this is what
happens after the vlog is cut so this is
what you guys don't see
so it's everybody who made it together
like this is what happens regularly we
just walk off fix the camera get ready
to edit she complains she wants to
record again and I'm like no just wait
till tomorrow she goes crazy she jumps
on my back and she just starts acting
really wild so yes been with it see you
guys tomorrow
take care Erin peace look uh okay okay
okay laughter you always in favor I'm
screwed up
let me wipe em away okay this would
choose to say
