hey guys what's up it do me gank I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so therefore
if I'm having an amazing day you guys
should be having an amazing day too and
if you're having a bad day I am so sorry
but hopefully this video will make your
day better so I decided to make today's
video a little different it will not be
a vlog I decided to do a little skit for
you guys back in 2002 I travelled with
my mother to Yemen and I got back to New
York City and we had to go through
customs I was really young I was around
nine years old and my mom she doesn't
know how to speak English much so I used
to have to be a translator at the age of
nine usually whenever I translate for my
mom it would be simple stuff but this
time we went through customs and the
people were asking so many questions to
my mom so I had to translate and it
didn't really turn out well so I
reenacted this scene in a skip for you
guys to watch was so crazy that day I
remember like it was yesterday and I
decided why not put in a skit for you
guys to see I hope you all enjoy and
make sure you give it a thumbs up if you
guys want more skits every week at least
maybe one skit every week of something
that really happened and my family it's
up to you guys thumbs up hopefully guys
enjoy it
see you then take care have fun enjoy
the skit peace
Hey so where are you guys coming from
our come from Yemen we are coming from
the earth right so it shouldn't be a
problem
um okay so how old are you both I'm nine
years old and my mom she's she's 35
years old no no no no no I'm 52 years
old I am boarding Gani wedding number
one 1950 wait wait wait a minute so how
old are you 35 or 52 years old
yeah give me more it will have it again
Leigh Leigh Ellis Cameron British Irish
ham so that I think we left Nano hum see
anyone may come saw that I did I can
blow that Matua tane no ham see next
bell
she said her real age is 35 years old
but I'm the passport it says she's 52
years old you're confusing me now so
tell me how old is she
ma I'm British many get to come on
British yeah I kiss me alone they know
have seen oh she is 52 years old born
January 1st 1950 Wow she's born right on
New Year's Day
that's very lucky okay now tell me ma'am
what's your job mama haha especially
when they said AHA well bad luck I
wasn't mad back only humble mother
behind she said she works in the kitchen
can you tell me what kitchen does she
work in aina mukbang but shuttling ain't
a mother a mother father shuttle that
startled call him oh my goodness oh my
goodness oh let's chat little not about
half a baked hedonic cool oh come on Meg
Nora she said she works in the kitchen
at the house of being a maid so you're
telling me she's a maid who sell our
antique Adama
now how goddamn hey I'll cut down a half
a comb
she said yes she's a maid from our whole
family so she's a housewife no no no
she's a maid and she works in the
kitchen yes yes yes yes I'm sorry I am I
am housewife I cook I clean for these
are crazy people I I am house housewife
and fishes in the kitchen
tickle tomahto bar Yosa destiny I'm egg
noodle at natural at mac or e you don't
know okay ma'am you need to sign this
paper
who got to work early and what after
having my name of Delaney KFX top wonder
nak victor
mastered ocean murder Sam of luck huh
she doesn't know how to write tell her
to sign her name now Oh Ruby smushed the
hane okay okay I will sign it I would
sign it okay
okay I am at that it ego
oh my what is that always a feather
promise you that those teeth let me
write them away okay
this would choose the slave
