please Gary blue hey guys what's up and
do me gang I am here with the homie slim
what Seth oh I don't like Oh under I did
get me her phone over yeah today we are
here to do the bean boozled challenge
where's where's Emma wait ready yeah
what the heck oh ah I found it i Linda
from Hogwarts
I'm over here whadya Leviosa
and you're where is where is he when you
got here levy oh stop what the heck I
was blue B so sorry bro I'm Harry Potter
today so if you guys do not know what
this challenge is I really do not
explain it how do you explain it
so pretty much this to give this this -
there's a lot of beans in there
different colors right all the flavours
so let me use out the blue one is one
blueberry and one blue one to taste like
boogers
so Bulls going to try it out and one of
us is good the unlucky one so yeah I
hope you old then I hope you scream all
the beans using things are ice we're not
gonna use this spinny thing we're just
gonna take random because we think
that's better and more of a challenge
we're just going to randomly take one
for 10 times and whoever gets the most
nasty ones they lose and they have to do
it they're always one so let's see I'm
orange one - no that means one of ours
is good whatever I was is bad one of
them is barf and one of them is peach I
trust to be address just go I think that
bar
this is good you know what like are we
doing with her you better throw like you
know sort of case like I swear to God
he's exactly like us to go sit I think
they mean Anna throw up grab this I
trust you blue blues my favorite color
blue to face and Mary blue please Gary
blue nope
- please very blue I don't get exactly
to pick that's how I know I mean you
ain't brush your teeth so you should I
got two points five more than five soon
every day I pick out is always the bad I
don't get out of the how do you become
Olympic are we gonna this is pink it can
be tutti frutti or it can be stinky
socks stinky socks ready go
24 yeah I'm good luck
no chats movie use good luck oh my god I
don't know some of you I think these
glasses and Harry Potter glasses a gun
you know is exceed you see when God the
NIV ups what the heck is good I got a
shoot sitting on everybody when God and
bring back slowly I'm gonna choose the
darkest green ones one of them is
buggers and the other one is juicy pear
which sounds really delicious right now
as you see is boogers all the time so
you used to exit out anywhere you go
this is your booger and this is
hopefully it's a juicy pear ready set go
juicy pear you have this very sheep guys
I'm good luck I want fits in you guys we
have the black ones here here you go
one of them is skunk spray the other one
is licorice so far I'm winning at they
have about four points no yes a new you
know oh yes a new or no no oh yes I do
already said oh my - my smile cover me
damn what is that that's an ICS wonder
all right guys we're gonna try the white
ones now one of them can be coconut and
the other one is baby wipes which
nasty Adam don't play yo-yo is like
Oxendine I know it's gonna be a we
should we would know I had that look
hundred cities people okay I have a
feeling my mines might be baby 100
Saturday was coconut very seldom acne
gosh middle you do have you had anything
good I have two good nothing tastes like
what big like alright this is the last
one because it is the last flavor it's
kind of a beige color so these two
flavors are rotten egg and buttered
popcorn okay and and I really hope you
get the right leg if you get if you
gotta run I'm gonna crack up you know
why his comment is a B word and always
egg people who knows younger and still
exit people so watch this beer on egg
this versus that so copy gonna be better
ready set give me the towel give me a
phone right now so slim wisdom bring us
our hon I mean oh yeah bro oh sorry plan
we are now done with this challenge and
the loser is that means slim has to do
it there and then there then I would
give him he doesn't know what it is
ready everybody if it's a do you have to
eat ten of these in your mouth I knew it
hey and you have to swallow it and you
have this other small nation you have
this father you have the ten of these
that I would choose and yes not fallen
so you have two tribes well I'll try
trying to saw one man call me do it
what's all of me bad when Shan ji don't
forget to do me in please in yeah please
editor it was tired all right you know
that I was not I it was time it was not
our type of what you know what for that
sing it's time we giving more than ten
no it isn't that for these man likes
young more young with all of these right
here for all the DS right there now you
bug how many how much to put it all your
mom early
so just waiter than one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten twelve
ready set go
Allah please just give me like two three
good ones I'll be happy so mad and all
the way bad in my head wait follow the
post-acute you lie so you gonna want the
students game it's naturally that
alright guys it's time to wrap up this
challenge I hope you guys enjoy this
challenge if you're dead and you want
more crazy challenges make sure give it
a thumbs up and go turkey yeah better
gonna stop like 10 beat if I pick my
mouth if I was getting it thumbs up what
does okay so the God and I thank you
guys so much for watching thank y'all so
much for your love and support if you
guys think he hated this game I hated
the game we did on his channel which is
worse which is what if you guys want to
click on him ow click on his face you
see the challenge I mean him did
basically challenges he goes through my
phone and I go through his phone and he
just calls random people on my phone and
I call random people on his phone and it
was the scariest game ever
so if you either one check that out make
sure you go check it out on Slim's
channel the link will be done below or
on his face now than that we're gonna go
drink some water and yeah fix up our
mouths right now so see you guys
tomorrow
thank you so much doom beginning thank
you so much to the homie slim for
bombing you know taking it like a champ
you know I'll see you guys soon
take care and capers yo oh it was bad
I don't hit you burp oh let's
thanks man
this which is
