all right you could come and you can
have her all your keeper okay hey what's
up do me gang this is Adam Saleh and I'm
here with the homie doom again happy New
Year to everyone out there hope you guys
having an amazing amazing year and I
wish you all nothing but the best for
2018 yes today is my first ever video
for 2018 told you guys to stay tuned to
what I got in store for 2018 today is
gonna be a wild wild video I'm gonna be
putting his sister Remo for sale
Mawson do you know that I'm selling Rima
I'm selling her yes I am pinkie pie's
but I do me getting pretty much I'm
starting off the new year starting off
the vlogs my pranking Rima and selling
Rima and as you guys know today is
January 1st it is my dad's birthday
happy birthday Baba Salah we love you so
so much this is one of the first times
ever I'm not with my dad on his birthday
my dad is actually in Manhattan right
now he's with the love of his life which
is my mom taking care of his car taking
care of his appointment but inshallah
soon he will be back okay do me gang I'm
here at the secret floor I'm gonna prank
Rima she's upstairs right now I'm gonna
call her to come down and I'm gonna be
chillin where and then after that I'm
gonna have a fake phone call with slim
pretending that I'm selling a Rima and
we're gonna see what she says and then
after that slim Akali are gonna come
with a bag full of money and they're
gonna give me the money and take Rima I
already know Reema's gonna freak out the
crazy thing is in prank week I did not
even prank Rima so Rima you just brought
prank week back for 2018 hope you guys
are ready before we get the video
started make sure you guys subscribe but
do me guys subscribe because I upload
every single day in 2018 is gonna be
some amazing amazing vlogs with me and a
whole squad don't forget to thumbs up do
me gang thumbs up seriously thumbs ups
2018 I'm looking at you you will be
there press the button thumbs up all
right do me yeah I'm ready to go let's
do it Rima
Rema how are you what's up with you okay
and explain what good want to be mustard
I want to come you can split let me see
the split just wow
what can he do the split marcin you know
I had to split rematch on this play Wow
let me see you to the split Oh someone's
calling us
she's with me yes she's with me
yeah him to him zoo just bring the money
in and you could take them you could
take them yeah just just make sure you
give me the right money cuz you only
gave me like I think I was like 2,000
pounds you pay me in British money yes
we want to paint British money that I
pay you British pounds I so make sure
you beep mm and then you could get you
could get hurt and then just make sure
you come trust me just coming it's all
yours
yes what I'm selling lemonade yeah
lemonade you want some lemonade yeah all
right you could come and you can have
her all yours and him keep her okay
I mean I'm gonna have to be honest or
I'll just tell them trust me bro I got
you I got you
it's yours okay I'm gonna be honest
where I'm at all right now I'm at all
right now yeah okay
you two must think I'm sure I just want
to tell you guys I know you've seen me
with money and stuff but I'm selling you
guys why I'm some of you guys yeah but
I'm making money please just just
cooperate with me and you guys we make
money is it okay if I sell you yeah okay
my son come
Mawson you want to be sold yeah you do I
got three must stop Rima what's wrong
with Romana we can look at it Ramon
Ramon Rustin you okay I'm selling you
I'm telling you I'm gonna saw him we're
gonna make money
trust me give me money is it how much is
who nothing I'm selling him around like
3,000 pounds this is talents this is
this is British money this is their type
of money be more so if you want I'll
give you some and with some awesome
don't say you mom because you're gonna
be sold I'm gonna sell you don't tell me
why mother don't feel bad look
he's so bad in the house no we'll get in
trouble
nothing he's not gonna get in trouble no
one's gonna know come over here Rima
stop let him come
okay okay you're gonna be good right
three more then I can focus
okay I got another phone call yo are you
here okay so the thing is you can take
the boy but the girl said the girl said
no oh no you really want her yeah just
you get her topic okay you heard her
he said what do you want to say huh what
do you want to tell him if he wants me 1
million dollars
what are you 1 million dollars yeah okay
yeah okay they're both saying if you
want them it's 1 million dollars I know
I know me the agreement three thousand
pounds Rima and you can't do that we
made an agreement and I have three three
thousand pounds no 1 million cash
she saved 1 million cash and the
doughnut they want a doughnut you want
it or not you do banana okay Anna banana
okay so he's saying he can't do that he
doesn't have that type of money
yes he does it I already told him too
loudly 23,000 pounds
No you have money now
oh yeah yeah you sure you got the cash
yeah yeah I was talking to stomach
palate another one is buying you yeah
what room I'm gonna pay me the money
it's mine we're gonna give you a Reno
you got money too Missy they give me
money let me counsel it's a million
dollar cash there's money missing
there's three more three more notes I
need three more the cash comes along
another movie nut job playing a little
bit here money here they don't want to
see it went more simple
okay I'll give him more money I'll give
the money club you mean actually dealer
still be money gave me the CAPTCHA
deal's a deal
Bheema doing like two minutes Rema Rema
guess what guess what yeah
Moxon wants us to be soldiers okay
yeah made the best the best friend
Marvin Larry's keeping that what are you
doing
Reema remember only pre-sold only for
sold we move we renounce why would she
what there hi guys look who just came
through the homie you said he's coming
through he's saying he has on schools
they already know man like this YouTube
I feel like my house is the YouTube
house dude
you missed out man seriously what kind
of cell Mawson at their prank salad
Mauceri mother just lumen the holiday
came with money so you want to go with
him or no why what Muhsin do you wanna
go
okay well wise arm like I seriously
think mas they would actually go with
slim incarnate let's see tell him that
you got the making and pick him up I'm
taking with me let's go come on my back
ready what the heck s√≥lo yo have
actually just robbed if I ever find
mustard missin master loves man you
could just robbed my kid yeah you'll be
driving them all good we're gonna steal
Abe's kid arena okay do me yank I hope
you guys enjoyed the first video of 2018
I mean it's January 2nd but it's my
first video of 2018 I'll literally stay
up hours and hours editing and thinking
of ideas for you guys so do me a we'll
see you guys tomorrow few guys was like
make sure you give it a thumbs up go
turkey I see you guys tomorrow take care
and peace
I know that you've been patiently
waiting
