did your friend try it on what's her
name
you guys ready let's do this 1 2 3 go
whoo that is safe that is so cool
they're so cool it's pink my bath bomb
is on point that's okay
look at it
it smells so good so going right there
it's pink and purple and it smells so
good we in there
hey guys what's up do me and I hope you
all having a great day because I'm
having a great day and if I'm having a
great day you should be having a great
then if you guys are having a great day
then you should be happy you're having a
great day you should be having a great
day enough yes he is he's having a great
day
well you said look cheesy boy sort of
God how is that cheesy man I'm just a
I'm spreading some some you sound like a
kindergartner I swear Adam you should be
a good kid you'll be good community like
a good kindergarten teacher but you guys
should be having a great day I should
agree I'm having a great day there's no
reason like do you guys to be having two
horrible days alright this is really
cool look there's something in Arabic it
says highlight a Khattab your whole
sahiba
but the Hublot can I say right however
yeah yeah it was
ha ha ha sighs any months later
oh shut up that much data that the old
narrator got tired of waiting and they
had to hire a new one then man
mother say homie over
the site across the street so we are
heading to Chelsea Piers
it's a place in New York City whereas
really cool activities where you can do
so I decided to go there and have some
fun and bring you guys there you have a
minute for like five six years so let's
see how this whole easy-peasy
is completely two different creation
he's copying wave we just got in here in
Chelsea Piers and it is so beautiful it
literally craps on New York sports club
and other gym that ones are so huge so
means you can we get food here that's
the most healthiest
no it's not healthy vote I got chicken
with baked potato and American cheese
and a protein chocolate with a Powerade
and water and a slimming aside and some
other people here crazy thing is there's
so many people that here
clapping freedom
interview here with his dog I think a
white people clap family
look at this beautiful view outside only
Chelsea pier
so huge
so human
they got a boxing slim
they got a boxing ring in here oh my god
that is sick
this place is so stay they had a huge
track inside huge boxing where you can
fight whoever's forever maybe I suppose
someone I need to take some stress out
and just follow me son oh what's up I
don't like your office boss Andrew boxes
you know say I don't look forward like
with a angry street fighter and they got
a huge basketball court
season
Oh watch this yeah
Oh almost Aldonza come on give him
another one another one another one
another one's for you
Carson Harris a long shot man
I'm Sally all day from Subway what is he
gonna do
Joe is between the leg he's about the
bundle for three he's gonna go
who's up for the win nothing but net
Adam salad dribbles between his back
behind his back I mean don't English any
issues of airport
look at the face of humbleness he
humbled Oh slim shut him out easy to go
from New York City bro NYC NYC wait for
the Bay Area which is master to be up
high scenarios seen you guys call this
on basketball if you guys want will fly
out to you guys
we'll fly out see ya we'll fly to you
guys have a good walk to let me know I
have a serious event youtubers we're
playing some basketball or if any of you
guys do me game wanna play us in
basketball let me know hit me up you go
have a tour on to have a fun nice match
it'll be fun
guys we've been playing basketball for
the past three hours I can I even hit
the boxing ring
I cannot even go anywhere I just need
some water I need to get a DS slim right
there is the biggest shit talker in
basketball he is the biggest oh my this
guy talks the most crap I swear it gets
me so mad even for the same team if I do
one mistake he goes crazy if he does one
mistake he pretty pretends he didn't
happen
oh my god
it's so annoying a squirrel next time we
play you can have a gonna have duct tape
in your mouth and we play like that okay
I love Jesus in the profit its domestic
no no woman it's perfect I look I love
Jews fine but Allah meaning if I'm like
crazy
a Muslim you get mad found a nun yet
trade Pete for you pretty ugly miss
legit
Jesus
Oh
you
she came on she like wait I swear it on
she said shit she came forcing us shoot
putting the she's putting the little the
little paper in my mouth I'm like what
are you doing like it was crazy if you
see a slim snapchat she's bugging out so
I am so excited for Rima it was one of
her first days of school she just got
back which is so funny the morning she
was crying and Rima tell them why you
were crying girl tell them why you were
crying tell them are we acquire she
wanted the worst cover by herself she
just really saying no I want to wear it
I want to show my friends like no nobody
told her to wear it out of nowhere she
just thought around me crying for I woke
up in the morning I'm agree what are you
doing it's like I want to wear it
I want to wear and now she I'm like what
the heck honey it's so cute good job
that's so cute I'll give you a thumbs up
for that okay that's cute what did your
friends say at school did they like it
huh they did she was telling us how one
girl like since they're like four years
old one girl took it off for her to try
it on which was so fun
did your friend try it on what's her
name what's your friend's name huh huh
Emily Emily try it
did you like it oh that's so cute you
want to what you finished school you
want to take it off you can you can take
it off now go ahead you're still four so
here like this it's the funny thing is
I'm in hers I think this is like my
mom's or someone's I don't know it's
like a big one and she was still crying
so hard to wear it I don't even know if
she even wore the whole day in school
yes you're crazy
are you maturing up you're turning
mature are you turning mature
so you're still immature so what are you
mature or immature cookie you're a
cookie oh I really need this what would
be so ratchet
muffin gap boy what songs you got boy
like that with the Jesus Jesus gap boy
like into the camel
nothing like this will ever happen again
seriously the police are taking this too
like serious serious consideration
because the person that was uploading
some flips uploading like stuff about
White House and like grenades and like
really weird stuff so they are tracking
this person down that's why we'll keep
you all updated on that for YouTube
thank you so much seriously for sticking
by my side and helping me so much I see
every single one of you always you know
who always show a lot of love and have
my back so thank you guys so so so much
if you guys do not know I reached
500,000 subscribers on this channel
which is so crazy I just reached 400,000
subscribers literally like a month ago
or something like that so thank you guys
for all your love and support you guys
haven't subscribed make sure you guys
subscribe somewhere around me because I
upload every single date over here and
it upload like random stuff I'll be
uploading a lot more new skits coming up
have a lot more crazy skits coming up a
lot of rants a lot of blogs and always I
have so much fun with it it's seriously
like I love doing this if I don't upload
a video a day I just feel like I'm like
you know like I didn't make anyone smile
I need to upload a video I will be doing
a 500,000 subscriber giveaway now will
be doing a 500,000 subscribers
celebration the giveaway is a surprise
and I'm gonna be back on Twitter really
soon and it's going to be a tweet all
you guys have to do is retweet that
tweet and I will be randomly choosing
the winner if you guys do not know much
whether my Twitter is down below my
snapchat is down below my Instagram is
down below so you guys know want to know
any of my social medias this is my
social media some people are like
catfishes out there be careful someone
literally got catfished act pretending
to be me and the person believed it like
I don't know how people believe you
vice' Graham all social media is down
there you guys will know it I do not
know what happened but this party got
cut off so I'm have to redo it right now
so I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care of Douma gang her peace I love
you always in fam
I'm sure that those teeth
let me wipe them away I know okay that's
what you say
