haven't won on a bike for so long so it
should be a nice breather right here hi
Rima how are you me five so you start a
school you started the real school she
started the real school which is pre-k
so Rima what grade are you in
Lena understand the greater Vemma
yeah I'm pre-k yeah because it sounds
like a fun school as a father
you like school you do have five good
job look who we have here you don't have
school
what webmin he's gonna talk what happen
talk to me mustn't what what what who
hit you who hit you
nobody who got you man you got mad I'm
joking
what huh he's trying to say something
but I don't know what he's saying
Remo did he say why eight am at uh I'm
giving us away hey he looks so cute with
it
he's ain't jeez he's a Jesus hey guys
what's up ado me gang I hope you all
have an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day the fam have an amazing
day you guys should be having raising
their reason why I'm having raising day
because I'm with homies right here I
needed to get out the house and just
have like a breather or something before
I do something stupid and I just
sleeping in bed and you're knocked out
you know Stephen
my whole family sleeping he's sleeping
my brother Stephen Simmons only when I
wake up I don't like an hour straight I
was I was not I didn't know on it so
it's not holding Yusuf see it Newsom's
knocked out and used to pull me back and
I ain't at home yo give me Adam read my
status number so I got some bad stuff
calling his number like last time in any
of the phone no no as a joke we all feel
sorry for the sleepover I don't have to
kind of a hack bro you're weak mode
right now all of my self or super secure
like the person who's doing this is
paying these people to do it it's like
meh so my privacy mess with my life like
I'm scared for my life right now like
when I'm walking us out I feel like my
life is invaded I'm not even joking I
hope we shall let everything goes well
we're gonna go chill out and have fun
and continue on with the blacks we got
ourselves some
guys that whip it up a bit of it over oh
my god they went crazy with the white
sauce whoa not being fit
except I did one atom nice what's gone
some of the changes but these birds came
with a whole squad look mr. wykel's
we are going bike riding your buddy
everyone on a bike for so long so it
should be a nice breather
your fault
guys so we just wasted 30 minutes about
life each and every one of us taking a
picture and uploading on Instagram but
nobody said two minutes you submissive
three minutes who is it 25 me what yeah
you wasted 30 minutes ago I'm sick
smelling you will take a law action how
many pictures you took him out like four
no four times ten no no knows hey ice
cream always makes me feel better
especially chocolate your nose her
I have sometimes you have your taste but
sometimes I always got good Oh sometimes
he picks out the weirdest I always
gotta see it's pretty good all right
chocolate you normally I said what it's
an Esther
broke it what did you say you got a
first beta can they go to pre-k I said
what was the question
did you just say Joker oh you said
what's after September
you made a teacher your month
oi
well this next week or a month
what the heck after September after
seven October October November also
morning's technically yeah we're going
to JIT like two three weeks old and
surprise surprise surprise you guys do
not know me and slim you guys do not
know something guys no music um but slim
is also come with me to Detroit body
city ball the intro is calm out is gonna
be fun as well
actually going to Dearborn so going to
we're out of that so it should be really
fun if you guys want to get your tickets
should I put in a link down below
anybody in Dearborn wants to come to
turn up watch me my first movie you
should be almost ready thing happened we
just got free tickets for America's Got
Talent so I don't know if we could film
with their vlogging it though hopefully
we can just turn up in just a funny
smile
we in there America's Got Talent
no this is my last season on a GT and I
want to say something
getting to know you I've learned so much
I love that you're doing a roast but
you're being way too nice to each other
because to be a world-class roaster you
have to say out loud when you would
normally keep to yourself like right now
I'm thinking to myself what am i doing
on Last Comic Standing aside true you
are so full area
this is my
I announce the winner right now coins 1
billion nine dollars which is so
nerve-racking
this is solo right
Oh
a British guy won America's Got Talent
so I just got home from America's Got
Talent and it's late at night and this
is like really really rare to see Boston
still up usually I just end the vlog and
just chill out but my whole family is
literally up and they're just like
checking up on me chilling like Adam are
you ok but you know I'm so smiling I'm
sorry children I'm still having an
amazing day an amazing time so I want to
say thank you guys for keeping me strong
with your positive messages all over
social media seriously you guys make me
so happy and no hacker no hater can make
me mad I can ruin my day so thank you
guys so much
yeah when I find out just to let you
know nah but seriously even when I'm in
not such a good mood when I meet you
guys you guys completely change that
make me in a happy mood so sometimes
usually people like you know they get
rude or like they're like oh you know
what move away I'm in a bad mood but you
guys says you guys make me in a in a
happy happy mood has changed my attitude
like why don't I meet you guys outside
thank you so much for always making me
happy always making me smile I love you
do me gang you guys seriously you know
all the videos are deleted but you know
I'll hand it over so here I'm still
alive so chillin and I'm still working
on trying to get everything back there
was a British winner in America's Got
Talent
so he got a British I love mum it's mom
say mom I just yeah I love I love you
guys wanted it we're about do Mawson
watching mustn't cry watching mustn't
cry
you ready he likes watching me and ream
on everybody else but when he sees
himself he gets really scared I don't
know why but we'll see let's see how it
goes this time maybe you grow out of it
maybe he didn't
he opens his mouth this time he doesn't
cry he opens his mouth like good like
i'ma show me again like I opened his
mouth like this
what is that the way open his mouth is
so funny I'm gonna do it again TV opens
him up again one more time he this is
the shocked face they use at home let's
go and uh in five big board for not
crying big boy gave me five thumbs up
for myself and I crying hi guys I'm a
wrap up the vlog here with our homie
mauston I hope you all enjoyed this life
if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up thank you all for your love
and support my son sleepy I am sleepy so
we are gonna be heading to sleep I love
you guys so much and just remember to
always keep smiling stay positive stay
strong take care awesome you sleepy see
you guys tomorrow
take care herb peace
I'll owe you always in fact I'm sure
that
lemme right away
okay this would choose to say
