yes hey guys what's up Adam again hope
you all are having an amazing day
because it is a beautiful sunny day in
New York City let's so beautiful it is
look at this amazing view
what's that whatsapp was good what we
head into are we going to going to
picnic Nick yeah picnic Brooklyn
Brooklyn we're going to yeah was good
she's doing it about Nick huh yeah we're
gonna be heading to a picnic with the
fam piss so much traffic in New York
City in so this guy just stuck his
middle finger at us for no reason I
don't know what he's doing
I'll go next I'm gonna say
why he's taking the middle finger at us
no we did it
no we did it leave him off no I did I
cut him off Bobby I opened the signal I
made a left it was for me what the hell
he stuck the middle finger again we are
you keep sticking the middle finger at
us we did it he just told us to go back
to our own country I was born here
have a nice day sir anyone knows any
information about the MTA like for the
bus and they have you seen his face you
guys seen his face that guy was so
racist he was cursing us out even more
I'll go back to your own country you're
not supposed to belong here what are you
doing here
this is nothing nothing started till you
stuck the middle finger and we asked him
out so you know let me see if he's gonna
do it if I put the camera let me see it
and he didn't then I stopped the camera
then he pulled his middle finger again
and I pull down and that's when he said
go back to your own country started
saying this racist stuff so we are
heading to the picnic the whole family
is there
I'm so hungry they got some Yemeni food
and I'm so excited to eat the
neighborhood we were in right now is
called what's the ball Dumbo it's called
Dumbo I know it sounds funny but I've
never like introduce you guys to this
neighborhood in their seats so this is
the first time I show you guys the place
where like a lot of hipsters or here in
Dumbo sounds weird
Brooklyn is in downtown Brooklyn it's
near like this beautiful but ten years
ago it was nothing like all saying 'my
name is to travel here like when there's
a drive pass through it was like all
just like staying they never like that
but now it's like so beautiful they make
movies here Will Smith did this movie
the movie was called I am Legend I'm
lucky this move I'm logic here
now this is come on
there were some hipsters like they're
hippies hi dude like this nice cool limo
beautiful view thank you so much thank
you I appreciate it
hey come on fighter
yes yes
the party isn't it yeah beautified over
no get oh nice cool
does that mean I'm invited to go in is
it gonna plug it's the other stuff leave
this to them I've never seen inside a
Hummer listening question with some fish
thank you so much that's so random
that's cool protect our party time we're
waiting nice congratulations good it's
still walk into the picnic but I'm still
gonna show you guys Dumbo I think it's
one of my favorite areas now this is
probably one of my favorite areas in New
York City I need a hang out here more
often it's so nice look at this
beautiful do you oh my god kind of looks
like San Francisco you know the little
red bridge and services go but this
bridge in New York City it's much cooler
than one in San Francisco I'm just
joking I do want to go to San Francisco
so bad I want to see how it is I want to
experience life in San Francisco look
how beautiful this I see this is what I
though this looks like a movie scene
right now
congratulations congratulate myself say
yeah how you doing I like you you look
cute today
Eid Mubarak how you doing you're doing
good how are you fine what's up my
mystery give me five
did you miss me but if you breath like
that did you miss me a lot or a little
bit a lot here's a key I didn't mess up
my hair
play look at the play look at the blue
this is why I said this is the best
place to do a picnic look at this crazy
look Brooklyn Bridge right there the
city goes over here back to the
Manhattan Bridge this is crazy
imagine this over here looking at all
this what's that about as much as ladies
from Montreal say hi they came to the
sea to realize that you want to keep
free with him oh you want to be with
them he speaks in French the French
well Emil and then look at that wasn't
sleepy look at his leaving guys look at
that party boat everybody's party does
it look what the heck that is crazy
let's go what go ahead you jump in slim
have you guys say that staff is really
gonna go into swim say if you want to go
in and swim huh huh he's really gonna go
and no Reema do you wanna go to Sun Wow
guys this is a special age black we're
kind of late you know our real aim
celebrating it so we decided to
celebrate today with the whole fam the
other days they were all we just women
it was so awkward don't wave it higher
they're waving on remover so today's my
mommy's birthday so huge huge happy
birthday to my mommy I went out with
that I took her out to eat so mama I
love you thank you so much for
everything for always be by my side for
always showing so much love I put up the
flag while I was at the restaurant went
up kind of late so I'm so sorry for one
up kind of late I was using my phone
hotspot and it's super slow cat-boy come
on walk because it's beautiful view
bunny look at that gap boys wearing gap
on his shirt you want him you can keep
it if you want you can keep him if you
come over it was he he's looking at them
he's still staring at
Bosley he's still staring at the ladies
me Wow
it's not scared
usually usually kids are scared yeah he
thinks aren't doing this yeah it's so
cute is it a boy or girl girls mom
what's your name Molly Molly say hi
Molly
what's his name Muhsin Muhsin yeah
muscle I said I was surprised do the
whole say hi say hi go ahead Molly she
doesn't bite she goes crazy but she
doesn't bite Wow you think she weighs
alright guys so this is how we're going
home I'm sitting in the front seat
got a seat belong nice people on and
we've already when I see you again
hi guys it was time to wrap up this vlog
hope you all enjoyed this flight it was
an amazing day with my family hope you
guys enjoyed the flat o - o morado dad
do me as if you guys made it to the end
the vlog make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go turkey thing you got so much
fun loving support for always giving a
thumbs up and go with Turkey and always
coming everyday to watching a new vlog
every single turn thank you so much to
everybody that I met today with my whole
family you guys were so sweet I
literally gave you guys a whole atom
solid family tour like I showed you guys
everyone who like like literally
everybody in my family who's never even
seen like behind the scenes and
everything I showed you guys like four
extra of my niece's that aren't even on
a camera that helped me out so much with
like the vlogging and I sometimes you
might be like who's that vlog in if
Adams there with this whole family who's
vlogging who has even met my sister's
you guys even met like literally Remos
parents you guys met him like my whole
generation it was so like I thought we
were it was so cool seeing you guys and
like I started giving you guys a whole
tour some whole family that's my sister
oh that's my brother that's rimas mom
and that's that and that's more than me
so she's never been this my other niece
it's what you guys see on camera with
the whole Adams family it's only like
half like that we're just the ratchet
ones on camera we have some cool and
some more probably some more Rachel ones
who the probably they're staring at me
right yeah they're somewhat over stereo
legit right this thing I got I'm just
gonna be quiet I'll see you guys
tomorrow
do me guy I love you take care don't
forget to give a thumbs up I'll see you
there and peace I like
always a fan comes for that
let me write this what choose display
