first one is I dare him to go to a
random lady and start crying in front of
her saying I lost my mommy really does
look at a little gap boy what's up gap
boy he comes in my room and then he
closes the door so you can hang out this
I wakes me up every single day every
single day why do you do that so much
huh he washes he's gonna go out and come
back and watch this huh close the door
again while she closes it and then it
comes in what's up guys right now we're
near somewhere in the city having some
lunch
aka brunch with the one and only season
say what up you guys are not because
it's not going so you guys do not know
Steven he's I've known him for about
since I was 14 years old
seven eight years ago he's seriously
like thank you he says you'd like one of
my closest us this birth even though I
haven't seen him where so long and I'm
so sorry I haven't I've been traveling
he's been traveling but we're hearing
catching up yeah I'm gonna you know the
last time I saw him I'd look just like
him I think it's about time to go buy a
new vlog camera I don't know I've had
this black camera for so long there's
nothing wrong with it but I just feel
like I need to upgrade I need to get a
better one and give you guys some better
content
oh man it's close alright guys so we're
gonna be on hold to getting a new vlog
camera probably tomorrow sometime this
week because it is a Jewish holiday and
this place is closed and this is
probably the best like the best video
spot to get like a camera or anything
guys this is random dude right there and
he's here he's going up sees random
ladies and just asking them for their
numbers so crazy lately
I like both of you gave me a number to
let me
that's the most weirdest thing I've ever
seen in my life he's not filming nothing
figure he's got a force he's lady his
doing this crazy you saying I like you
give me a number
what the heck
with it what's it for what do you do -
boy I'll get another bout with it like
no I say I'm not forcing my buddy
or the point is like to a question like
it's easier to push people like you do a
hundred times for one
like anything it's just like
all right so I think that guy was doing
them crazy dares that yusuf supposed to
be doing today you know he's ready he's
about just crazy there's that I'm going
to choose out from the comments you guys
did yesterday and if you got to do some
Tuesday's lost either you lost you got
this one fun but you wanna but you know
what I'll do it I'll do something right
man let's go bro
we're from Bangladesh I'm let's add a
shadow' - I like to chase both a little
dope dope Thank You Man danger would
Adams have an eye on the spine could be
right now yes oh he needed a he needed
yet he has homework and you need an
interview so I'm going to answer some
questions his for his homework
what makes get out of her
my parents Arab soul
he's about to do his first their first
one is I dare him to go to a random lady
and start crying in front of her saying
I lost my mommy they okay Buddha he's
good
out of my god
Kico
oh he's not suing she's my turn to do it
there he's gonna choose onto the
comments so I hope you guys at least
made some you know not much of a hard
there's as someone to take a picture and
then pose in a very good way
Oh
it's a picture Neal
picture
thank you some are there Yusef to do the
Ellen dance they're behind any stranger
are you working out for oh okay
something tries to play
that was so funny but now it is my turn
and what is my dear go up to a random
person
just argue with them
so I have to argue with a stranger while
they have no clue what's going on yeah
all right this is going to be pretty
easy
sooner than he was looking at me
sometime
are you looking at me like that I don't
know
hello not a little baby
oh you guys know each other oh I was
doing it there I'm joking huh okay I was
rescuing yeah I'm gonna take this video
I got you yeah this is so awkward oh
yeah I feel so bad your hug man I'm
sorry it's okay okay
he told me to do it like him but I know
so awkward so I got to do another one I
don't know why you would do that
mom's calling she needs help here here's
the home
I'm done guys so I look different
anything different I know it's a it's
something it's a bad habit that I always
do
but whenever I go shopping I sent it
like especially like today I'm always a
feeling my outfit today so I went
shopping and I wore a different outfit
and I feel I feel much better I feel
like a brand new person
Pro your sweater you go in one else I
don't know and you come out with it
different I don't know it is just like
what's up guys I'm here with slim that's
gone oh he's about to get his first
manicure I thought I was getting many
pizza oh man I almost do this at same
time but second man no it's not it just
gives you good clean nails and keeps it
extra fresh and crispy has nothing to do
with me only woman has I'm sorry woman
hand okay thank you so much anything
like us any scared she said slim you
know what hurts I saw alone you know Amy
no please don't hurt me yeah yeah look
at this super fresh fresh now we're
getting a pedicure in his first time
it's so funny is first he's like oh my
gosh is that boo toesies tickle
yeah my stickers on it I know when it
goes like ah hi guys so it's time to
wrap up this bike hope you all enjoy
this flag she did make sure you give it
a thumbs up and go turkey so close to
500,000 subscribers on this channel so
if you guys haven't subscribed make sure
you guys subscribe somewhere around here
so easy and it's free or you got to do
is subscribe will reach 500,000
subscribers soon so thank you guys so
much for the bottom my heart I want to
do something cool to celebrate but I'm
kind of thinking about I seen one of you
guys telling me the comments below
saying that I should go skydiving I know
a lot of you think I have a lot of
confidence a lot of guts but skydiving
is really really like like I'm basically
just saying like here I might die you
know what I'm saying but if you guys
really want me to do it give this vlog
an extra thumbs up if it gets literally
like over like 15 to 20,000 thumbs up I
will literally go skydiving like next
week I'll legit go next week because if
you guys want to see me doing it I'll do
it but yeah that's you guys give me a
lot of confidence so as I'll do
something you guys so much for
everything I was always showing do me
gangster
so you guys make me smile so happy - you
asked tomorrow take care and pitch hello
mm-hmm always a favor
I'm sure that those teeth let me wipe em
away okay
this would choose a say
