know what you're talking you don't know
what you're talking about
hey guys what's up a doobie gang I just
want to say a dramatic to everybody out
there today is Eid so remember to stay
happy have an amazing it because I'm
having amazing day so if I'm having
amazing day
not say the right you're having an
amazing day I'm having an amazing day
yeah alright now we have to start
getting ready for heat and we're taking
some pictures here a beautiful spin
around well having my you're beautiful I
like your outfit
let me see outfit outfit on fleek let me
see outfit I'll put on fleek the way
with guys do not know I got a tattoo a
henna tattoo I'm so bored last night I
was like you know what let me go to this
place you could get some henna tattoo on
my chest
cuz you know I'm not allowed to get real
tattoos so I'm like you know let me just
get a hand attached so we're moving
about two three weeks we are here in New
York City and we stopped in this protest
what are the same
you guys are crazy are you here cuz your
parents are what do you know where you
doing here for them for you cuz of him
still alive for see did he force you
know he did it what's wrong
how do you should be in school you
should be doing your homework what are
you doing here who would say thank God
for 911 don't you thank God for all
things why would you think I'm for 9/11
God for all for 9/11 think he was on
vacation go home and ain't here man oh
hold here man no I got so I just heard
somehow the Pope is going through
something like that I don't really like
seeing people you know you know
spreading hate to other people and
saying Saint thank God for 9/11 and the
guys like Alba we think God for
everything well thank saying thank God
for the Muslims dying thank God for that
people that throw the passes of what you
were to say probably the street oh thank
god my brother yeah yeah it was a
something like that you say like exactly
Weesa you'll see something like God
knows best or something like you
thank you so much your inspiration to me
and buddy man yeah good hey join here
yeah
we just finished having dinner with
Emma's family there was seriously so
sweet
his sister's his dad is that was so
sweet and his little sister wasn't her
baby I never called baby she gets mad I
think your name is Padma huge shout out
to their family you guys are so nice I
really hope you guys enjoy time in New
York City and stay positive and stay
strong and stay inspiring people to I
was with my family during Eid and then
after that they were going to like these
woman ladies house and I had to leave
him it up with the homies right here who
made an escape from all the woman that
was there made escape we're gonna have a
chill-out I'm gonna be celebrating Eid
with my family probably on Saturday
Friday so you guys going to see a cool
special a drug this weekend
listen to do a Democrat like Jewish B
when our people have a lot similar guys
all hop in and do some duck
we celebrate the settlement there this
is Jewish holiday to today so there's
like it's really cool cuz it was so nice
and they saw me that I was like oh he do
mark and I was like I kinda didn't know
what was their holiday passing whatever
holiday is for your few I wish happy to
hear it somehow and this is the most
beautiful view of New York City that
I've ever seen you guys ready to see it
you guys ready
I don't know if you guys ready that's
ready are you guys all ready one two
three
this is such an amazing view New York
City and then it continues on over there
the Freedom Tower shows up here so we're
having romantic look at the pier the
homey art event so some and they don't
know where you're from something you
guys will not get I don't have it this
don't say where you're from you guys
guessed in the comments below where you
think I'm gonna give them a good luck
where do you think next time with you
yeah I don't know
well this is it oh oh oh we go reverse
reverse look who just woke up from a
long nap Rima what are you doing up
you're sleeping you woke up how is your
eat really well you didn't see me much
how much money did he make this is the
this is the biggest question very how
much money did you make a lot like how
much a lot like how much all right guys
so I'm gonna be wrapping up the vlog
over here I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog I should say I am so sorry I
couldn't get to do like a special aid
vlog because I didn't get to go out with
my family so I am gonna be going out
with them sometime this in a few days or
so for eat so there will be a special
invite hopefully sometime in this few
days but I did enjoy my eat it was an
amazing time especially with Amer than
his family you guys were so sweet
they're from Sudan we have it's crazy
how much similarities they have with the
people for me I mean you know they make
a CD let's go
see that and we make something okay we
make a seed so shout out to everybody
from Sudan you guys were so sweet shot
at the admin shoutouts average family
you guys are so sweet
hamid Aisha a man really hope you guys
enjoy your time in New York City and I
probably will see you guys in a few days
and the whole dumi gang shows a lot of
love to you guys especially with the
video that I done for you guys hopefully
you guys always you know stay strong
keep smiling stay positive I want you
guys to let me know in the comments
below what country did you celebrate Eid
they're not celebrated in New York what
country did we celebrate them so let me
know in the comments below is that I was
in Chicago was in America was in London
was it in Turkey was in Pakistan I don't
know let me know in the comments below
so my ride-or-die do me who made it to
end the vlog make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey thing got so
much for lovin support you guys are so
amazing I love you do me gang take care
and peace I'll owe you my trying to be
like me huh I love you near them delay
both of us say I love you do me go
always a famine I'm sure that bullshit
let me write them away this what you say
