hey guys what's up Adobe Hank I hope you
all a habit an amazing day because I am
gonna be having an amazing day in
Charlotte so if I'm having an amazing
day you guys should be having amazing
luck you guys got it always happens when
I turn on the camera
everybody just shows up and they're
always wear my hats my hangout son guys
I only got five hours of sleep cuz these
people right here they go in my room to
take my clothes they leave they come in
here they score on the little board of
the overboard yeah but I got a shovel oh
my god he wants to go out he knows we're
going out cuz I got my shoes on so he
knows I'm going out again luckily he's
looking at himself right now
guys I got some I don't know if it's bad
news or if it's good news or if it's
cute news but I just found this out
today I was looking at Muslim closely
and I see his teeth he's gonna have a
gap in his tooth you know those little
gaps that he have over here right there
he's gonna have that when he gets older
I can see it like you can already see it
I personally think it's really cute and
it's something different but he's gonna
need braces when he grows up I just
found out today so I was like what the
heck like say to you see teeth look at
the camera say cheese cheese you see it
you can see it say cheese
I think it's really cute and I'm gonna
give him a nickname I'm gonna call you
I'm a calm a little gap boy putting you
finger my mouth
when I'm out smile he smiles whenever I
get mad he gets someone had like this
watching specialist I'm a smile he's
gonna smell my just say T look guys see
and now watch this I'm a crying I'm a
get Mau me up okay that was re I'm
joking you just got outside it is a
beautiful day to look so wait wait you
all wear my hats Remo you guys look good
we all know like a hat gang like guys
doing under the funniest thing every see
this this my mom saw it and she was like
she thought it was something to exercise
with so she was like oh my god can I
have it imma go exercise within such a
park
my mom this makes you not exercise it
makes you like do the opposite take care
of em take every careful be careful go
and ride huh go on it's right sure okay
guys I'm gonna tell you guys to this
place where I always get my bath bombs
you guys were asking me where I get my
bath bombs from so I'm gonna show you
guys real cool spot it's the best bath
bombs ever Reimer not nervous and I can
do nothing this is really cool I use
this one before yeah this one's no
thanks stinks no it smells good smells
my favorite color this was most really
good
we're not mine oh sorry the smokin best
thing about New York City is their pizza
and always say this but whenever we go
out we're always on our pizza ratchet
dates this is how it'll look if
someone's on a date with you come on do
something
whoo what's five plus five what's seven
plus seven
six hours later whats 9+10 what's up
guys I just met the homie I'm due there
yeah Dule was that he came to one of my
shows a couple of couple years back
right yeah a couple years ago so he's a
real home right shows a lot of love and
support let me shine man say what's up
gonna shout out to anybody my shout out
to just even you know what's up I don't
know Thank You Man
my time in this city right now at 34th
Street Herald Square what a mob second
cool places in their exam waiting for
slim submit in about 20-30 minutes and
he has to show it up out of my waiting
you know 10 15 minutes no one that goes
over that is just like I'll start
getting like fidgety and I start moving
so I start eating food and this is what
happens when you make me wait for so
long I got a banging Nutella waffle I'm
actually glad that I'm waiting like it's
a have you know a cool Nutella waffle
you know sandwich and eating you know
yourself
two hours later poof Angela goes broke
to our hair loss to our way to pick out
a two-hour Louis on my fault man I in a
big city but I finally showed up we're
in Long Island right now with the homie
Arvid Ulf estate without what's up guys
good
we're here in Long Island and white
display what took a ballet arts fall
yard Holly on it's like a dance studio
so he I was just I was just talking
yesterday I'll wash it
I'm gonna get some dance classes for you
guys here and you guys I'm gonna turn
like if we're gonna stop doing some
Chris Brown dance unless you teach me
hip-hop and all so he's gonna teach me
that and I'm gonna teach you Bollywood
hop up and then we'll make a cloud like
a pinky promise
I break the pinkie once I write the
unified number two that's sick
this is sick you'll be like better than
Christmas
I'm with takes of this that's a soon and
and who you know I love like us like so
if you guys and I know slim raps and
Armin never know you never know some
raps I never knew slim rap check my
other track
what's up guys we're here at this
restaurant in Long Island introduce you
guys a home you guys have met him his
name is Nick so what up Nick Nick Jonas
was good Nick what you never heard is my
song yeah I think
I'm sir
yo wake up I'm sorry oh I don't like
much if I go to sleep I'm live like each
other like with you so lean back over
there give me five minutes we're gonna
vlog a little bit ago
Marcin is sleeping Rima is sleeping and
you were sleeping I got two chains
coming through
noop and I'm sorry you gotta let us know
how was your first day of school it was
a good I was the best to be a favorite
part of the day in school huh favorite
part of there was it what's the favorite
part of their school
anything could be anything no you look
better when it's closer you think better
when it's closer to the gym you serious
you look like you're not in like you
look like you're in university or
something you're gonna paint upgrade now
but like you look older like you look
like you're in like University you not
told him you go you're not telling me
now but you look a little older I don't
know anyways it was a nice blogging with
you go back see back good night before
before you go to sleep I want you to do
one thing okay no I want you to do one
thing all right I want you to take like
a nice selfie cuz I'm gonna post it on
the vlog channel and and put your name
like no I'm gonna give you my phone
don't think I put you first so it can be
a good picture
say cheese does anyone picture me first
and you're gonna do the selfie okay
say cheese I already did it to read man
wasin nice here that was a really sick
Lutz that's a sick picture I just want
you to take this off now as it was a
prank hi guys so it's time to wrap up
this vlog hope you all enjoy this fly if
you did and you made it to the end like
so my ride-or-die dummies make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go turkey thank
you guys so much for being so amazing
and I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another daily vlog take care and peace
like I'm here for you always in fashion
I'm sure that those teeth let me write
them away okay that's what you say
