they made me take off the whole thing
square back
believe me right here Shh
I want everyone to quiet down right now
hi we're good fun you know you can watch
the vlog later
hey yo French Montuna what up say hey
hey alright so I have to kick out the
little kids cuz they crazy but what's up
how you guys doing hi John French what
up how you doing
so you guys don't have school Thursday
and Friday right
yeah because Eid yes yeah so the whole
public schools have no school concede
yeah that's so cool you guys you guys
don't know but when I was in school when
I was in school I see like go over like
these mountains as ago I swore from one
mountain to another mountain to go to
the schools and it'd take me like 4050
minutes and then the schools I used to
have school during Eid right so uh yeah
I have to skip class and the next day
I'd do my homework me you guys you guys
have a shout-out online a family's of
what we should do in hair by Natasha's
Oh
my name is FDNY FDNY yeah what's up say
shout out to FDR mine okay imma kill you
guys I'll keep the kids out cuz they
were loud we could you guys out bail out
your own rooms I already told you you go
out you ain't tell them you gonna oh hey
what's that Sammy shirt open up that it
says mice in here Louie shirt open it oh
okay
okay guys push leg a boy have his
pacifier
okay okay I'm sorry gavel pufn pufn pufn
clapper
I'm sorry gap boy hello hit think it is
I serve God boy
he's sleazier he was the plane Alek
night was to play hey guys what's up or
do me gang hope you are having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so far having raised a you
should be harder than where you can go
to I'm about to go pick up slim with
this uber he's walking right I called
him out so yeah I got a big surprise for
you like what is it man what is it he's
like what is it 1 through 10 I was like
s really good surprise 8 or 9 so he
thinks he's expecting something going
crazy but the surprise is I'm gonna pick
him up with the uber and he doesn't have
to walk so that should be a cool
surprise or he's gonna he's gonna get so
bad right
are you serious that's the surprise
cross the street cross street uh sure
yeah Kasich keep walking straight keep
walking shit
okay flick to the right like to the
right like tonight you don't have
talking about list it all right look at
the car like you don't have to walk
before
hey you could take it over ever was a
surprise utakata walk
ah wait nerdy eyes glasses love oh
you're good we're gonna go shopping
today all day so you guys are gonna help
us choose out some cool outfits busy
what shoppers for the cold it's getting
a little chilly outfit for the room oh
yeah for Detroit for Dearborn it's going
to be a sick red carpet event like where
you're going to write a carp and like
pretend to be cool like so we're in
sorrow here
slim thinks this pants doesn't fit him
I'm telling you when you put your elbow
like this in it if it fits your elbow
that means it fits your waist a little
bit like pop on my second if it watch it
my goal I go I go fill up today now you
put his leg way in look like over here
but straight no yeah the fish that's
gonna fit you science science I am in
the fitting room right now you guys have
you know this would look good on you
ready 3 2 1
this is good or not I know for me it's
like 50/50 is not really like 100% boy
oh are you gonna show me football what's
wrong should I feel like an evil eye
looks like like I feel like it that
looks like Sochi things like though it
hey hey hey no now unlike say this her
legs though yeah and black shutters like
my boys my precious oh my god that was f
summit on the yo man look we chose
honest which now is take me out today
and we got had together boy we go return
not feeling this what do you think about
this I don't like it I don't know it
just feels just magnet just wind it up
not getting anything from Zara
- getting I don't know I believe I'll go
to her about for this person we try some
other places first not him
did he say oh did he oh you did it all
how do you know not see you
okay now look at this sweater much more
better fit you can see the difference
right they see like I don't really have
muscles but it shows that you have
muscles so it's a good thing guys going
to show their muscles by tight stuff
hi guys so we have a serious issue I
found the outfit and I want to wear it
sitting outside today I know it's a bad
habit I told the others I something out
like wearing a random I've been going
out with it which is this this way just
outfit I want to go out with today the
problem is I don't want to take it off
and give it to them and to take off that
little thingy which is over here this
one
because I want to stay with it on and I
don't want to take it off and put it
back on cause it's gonna feel like it's
used so I need to find a way to go to
the register and as I put my bus stop it
registers so they can pick it up so
hopefully it works out
hard happy to get off picking to take it
off and pick up here
oh my god let's call it a shower here
any change over here yeah this is the
perfect underwear
Alex I don't we made me take off the
whole thing - we're back
unbeliev so we are not done shopping
we're still taking a halftime break
right now we're getting some pizza with
some sandwich winner it's religion at
breakfast we didn't need nothing all day
we're having a nice little date and a
shopping date today so it's going great
is going fun and I see how there's got
to be ordered we have two different
sandwiches we're splitting time you guys
have mine I gotta have this so we got
two different sandwiches and a pizza and
some chips and cookies some cookies and
yet so Kim Kardashian got a book called
selfish and it's all selfies I'm Kim
Kardashian which is like unbelievable
this is legit all selfies I need a book
like that though this over powered about
thank you
I might give me white Pharisees these
ones right I'm loving these these won't
look so sick
still cabbie huh forgive my sin cap boy
was he crying what is a new it's a
problem
oh is it prom pictures mom saw his
pictures she was like are you married no
mom was a prom sex I got a friend I'm
like no mom mr. prom
I'm sorry that cuz this one over didn't
why should I you sir come on she has a
little sister she's your age six yeah
she's around your age do you want to
marry her her sister let me see it first
you want to see the first always third
girlfriend came in who hasn't know any
more coming in music do more how many
good food you have I mean how many ha be
honest be honest no be honest you don't
know who's only one what's your name
what's her name
I just don't do what is it Zara yeah are
you still together with her you guys
been together for a long time so what do
you do with there you said you want to
see her first alright guys so we're
gonna be spending the night in a hotel
room because we're so far shopping and
it is really really late and if we get
home you have no car nothing if we get
home we're literally gonna be trapped
waiting around 6 a.m. so we're just
gonna spend the night in a hotel luckily
I have my laptop and I have my charger
over to chill out oh this is the only
this is the only hotel room they had
which is a sweet shout out to the
Marriott hotel gonna stop for free
couple hours night to stay because we
have no please see so you can show here
this is the best we're gonna stay at
bathroom living room and then slim over
there trying to open below what is it
looks sick you guys wouldn't believe
where we ended up at we ended up nearly
close to Connecticut I think probably
are in Connecticut but we're just going
to get some sleep we're going to see you
guys tomorrow it's time to wrap up this
vibe
you guys enjoy this virus you guys did
to all my ride-or-die tubing's make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey we
have a lot coming for you guys soon what
is it
Detroit one of them D city uh Dearborn
but you they were Dearborn City Comic
Con coming chammak cheetah yeah the rest
will just keep it a surprise well see
you guys and tomorrow take care our
papers light a slice at the same time as
people as anything always a family I'm
sure that those teeth then me wipe em
away okay this would choose to say
