the really sad thing about this was the
woman the hijab' woman she did not
understand nothing hey guys what's up a
dummy gang hope you all having a great
day I am heading to the airport and if
you have an hour to spare so I'm here
chilling with ania say hi Aniyah what's
my name look what she thinks my name is
my name
she's my name is Rima my name is not
Remus Adam say Adam Adam you want to
give a message to Rima Missy Rima I'm
heading home so we're gonna chill out
for a bit here knew you care for my last
hours and head back home what how it
gets you in fact you know miss me yes
I can't leave UK without get some mangos
we're gonna have some analyzed some
orange juice tastes so good they need to
make this in New York City anybody in
New York City was watching you guys
tasted Nando's tastes so good Barack
Obama you're watching this please put me
had those in New York City please
we got the Nando's the fries I mean the
chips the rice the peri-peri
just got to the airport I'm heading to
New York City right now I just want to
say thank you so much to the UK all the
love you guys have shown throughout this
last week I will be back in October and
I have a couple more cities surprises
that I'm gonna be going to assume that
I'll let you guys know about so
hopefully I'll turn that well then they
don't get no coffee almost every single
day I need to get ice coffee to keep me
awake I don't know if it's a bad thing
it's a good thing but makes you smile so
I like an iced coffee would you guys
like hot coffee iced coffee
I love iceberg I never drink hot coffee
no matter how cold it is
I never drink hot coffee I just met the
homie Oh ace is going to New York City
for the first time
i'ma show you around talking about so I
took back if you want me to tell you
this fine Schwieger
I'll show around don't be fuckin promise
you gotta go to my place
we gotta go i seats in the back they put
the Muslims in the back
they put the Muslims in the back play
yeah she saw Oh in the back it's not his
next test but not with that next
oh my god I can't replace him a baby
I'll try to
day
first up in here yeah side-by-side
welcome to nursing it's my home I love
you
yeah I'm sticking with
I'm ready said guys something so crazy
happening it's like so unbelievable it
is really hot here in New York City was
so cold in London and I'm in now
first thing I do is this
they're walking thank you guys
picking me up happy please read through
this into a happy late birthday we're
gonna turn it up this week just for you
ten from Austin and prema and I'm so
happy to see my daddy and my family go
see them right now Oh putting some music
for my dad did you miss me yeah yes a
lot or a little bit ah I haven't seen
her for so long because every time I
don't see her for like a week it feels
like like seven years I'm gonna seen
every woman look look at this you've
been riding your your car ready spin I
got something to show you
you tell me who it is again who is this
I'm not yet ready watch it they're high
and I uh I miss you I miss you I'll see
you soon in the UK or in America ah
we're gonna steal Moses he knows how to
give kisses now he always gives kisses
give me kiss
who was that
who is that give me cuz that's this kiss
give me a kiss on my cheek
Hey kiss me right there right there then
guess what hey don't touch my beard kiss
me don't bite me don't lick my kiss to
me good what's up a dummy gang I am back
here home in New York City if you guys
do not oh today September 10th and if
you guys are watching this now right now
is September 11th which is 14 years
after the 9/11 attacks and I want to
share with you guys something that
happened today at the airplane so I was
heading to the airport in London heading
to New York City I know it was September
10 which is one day before September
11th so it was kind of it was kind of
awkward from you know I'm Muslim and
knowing that every time it's September
11th you know it's the day where US
Muslims get you know the most hate the
most you know blaming the most
accusations and stuff like that so I was
I was already feeling something I knew
something something was was gonna happen
so I got to the airport everything was
going great
I want to saw the airplane i sat down it
didn't feel like it was the day before
9/11 inside the plane that was in there
was about 200 people and about half of
them were Jewish people the the religion
shows people who have the curls in the
Hat and there was a couple a couple
Muslim people a couple hijabis a couple
you know bearded Muslims and a couple of
British people and a couple of just
Americans just white Americans I was in
American Airlines and in American
Airlines they serve alcohol and I was
sitting next to this American white man
and he was getting so many drinks of
alcohol and drinking back to back to
back and I was I was so like I'm so
annoyed because I'm trying to sleep and
he's they're getting non-stop drinks and
I can smell his breath whenever he's
talking I could smell him even when he's
not breathing I can when he's not even
looking at me I could still smell him
which smells really bad and I'm there
trying to sleep the flight from London
to New York was about six to seven hours
about three hours passed everything was
going great nothing nothing
happening no but I was still us I have a
feeling like I don't know I still have
you don't have that feeling something's
gonna happen or something not so good is
gonna happen well that's the feeling
that was happening I was trying to sleep
I had the pillow behind me and
everything and the guy kept he just kept
making so much noise I felt like he was
up to something he kept looking around
and moving so much going up to use the
bathroom coming back to sit down about
the third time he wants to go use the
bathroom he wants agrees about them he
came back and there was this jabya lady
who's pretty around the age of 35 40
years old who's sitting in front of me
she was alone who did not know a word of
English which I figured out after so the
guy want to use the bathroom he came
back and while he was coming back from
the bathroom there was a couple
turbulence going on because it was like
a little storm in New York City so was a
couple of turbulence going on he almost
fell on the hijab' lady and I was there
I kind of woke up I kind of woke up to
see what was going on he didn't do
anything he kind of almost fell he went
back up and then I heard him sing this
to the hijab' lady whoa you're
terrifying especially knowing that 9/11
is tomorrow and then he sat back down
next to me and he kept mumbling and
saying I'm actually pretty nervous that
I'm sitting behind this woman I'm I'm
afraid I don't know I don't want to say
anything but is 911 tomorrow I couldn't
believe what he said so I got up I
started staring at him there was another
white man next to us who continues to
laugh with him and that guy that was
talking to that job-related was staring
at me he didn't know I was Muslim so he
kept talking to me as if I'm gonna laugh
too I'm not gonna lie but I kind of got
really really angry seeing the whole
issue happened while he was saying the
ignorant stuff to the hijab' lady I
grabbed his shoulder and I told him that
she's my sister but she's not really my
sister well she is my sister in Islam
but she's not like my blood sister in
the beginning when I was talking to him
when I told him that she's my sister I
was really aggressive Tim I told him if
you talk to my sister like that again
I'm gonna punch you in your face he got
so scared he started apologizing to me
telling me do you know how many people
died during 9/11 do now how many
innocent people innocent children died
during 9/11 I was so angry and I was so
tempted but I calmed myself down and I
told him do you know how many innocent
Muslim
died after 9/11 did you know that
millions of Muslims in the Middle East
died after 9/11 because they were blamed
for it did you know that I was bullied
for so many years after 9/11 you're
doing the same thing right now to my
sister did you know that my mom got
rocks thrown at her after 9/11 did you
know that Muslim woman got their jobs
pulled after 9/11 and the funny thing is
everyone knows that it was an inside job
but you too ignorant to know that so go
get your facts right and learn what
Islam is even about and you guys want to
know what happened after that a
religious Jewish man who had the like a
religious Jew one of the girls and
everything he went up to the guy and
told him stop bullying that woman you
have no right to even be blaming her for
doing and she's innocently in the plane
trying to travel somewhere and you're
here drunk bullying her for no reason
the really sad thing about this was the
woman the hijab' woman she did not
understand nothing that was going on but
she knew she knew that that guy was
seeing some racist some racist stuff to
her but she did not know what was going
on she looked so depressed she looked so
sad and it seemed like who's there first
time going to America which was a very
bad impression and I tried to tell her
like I was speaking at I was like sama
alaikum don't worry I was like trying to
speak to her like it's like don't worry
everything's gonna be fine I told on the
guy yes a snitch
yep a snitch thumb snitch yup yep i
snitched on the guy to one of the people
working in American Airlines and I told
them what happened they didn't do
nothing all they did was speak to him
and he ended up being quiet throughout
the whole plane right after a couple
hours when we landed in New York City he
started getting his head straight he
started sobering up and he ended up
feeling so guilty so he went up to me I
try to apologize see me told me sorry
and I told him do not apologize to me go
apologize to my sister right there he
went up to the woman and he told her
sorry and he blamed it on himself for
being drunk but it made me feel so much
better they actually went to apologize
and it made me feel so good seeing a
Jewish man standing up for a Muslim lady
so huge respect to that don't ever judge
one person for a whole religion or one
person for a whole country or one person
for a whole cultural so I just want to
give a huge message to every Muslim out
there on the day of 9/11 to always stay
strong and don't let anything get to you
and if anyone tries to be racist towards
I give you any Hey
remember kill them with kindness because
that's the best way I really hope you
guys stay safe and stay strong today and
to all the innocent people to all the
3,000 people who died during 9/11 I
shouldn't say may they rest in peace
they weren't innocent so they will
always be in my hearts but also rest in
peace to the millions of Muslims who
have been dying the past couple years
for being blamed for 911 they're always
gonna be marched every single day and we
all of us will never forget about them
never take them away from my heart it's
time to wrap up this vlog I really hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog I will see
you guys tomorrow they're not the daily
vlog take care of dummy bang I love you
guys and peace I like you oh go Turkey
if you made it to the end if you're
watching this right now and you made it
here give it a thumbs up I'll see you
guys soon take care peace always a fan
let me write them away this would choose
to say
