I may give you a question and s okay
yeah ready yeah all right you guys are
so amazing I literally just put up the
vlog like five minutes ago and there's
zero dislikes which is so cool let me
not jinx it Michelle oh thank you guys
so much for all the love and support on
that hey guys what's up a doobie gang I
hope you all have an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing it and I'm having
an amazing day you should be having
amazing I am in Times Square right now
one close to Times Square but look at
this beautiful view whoop sorry
that sounds good I am so excited I'm
gonna be in Dearborn Michigan October
2nd so if you guys do not know American
Sharia the first movie that I'm
featuring and I've been watching it for
the first time it will be playing over
there so we've been watching the whole
movie chilling talking with you guys
meeting you guys hopefully all sins are
great if you guys have a guy your
tickets make sure you guys get your
tickets support the movie come through
it ain't Hollywood its Hollywood you
know what I'm saying come through and it
should be really amazing look out crowd
of New York City is everyone is walking
through the street
break
guys just met the homie behind my dad
was
I don't even know I'm getting a hit with
him know their size this is shy and I'm
gonna take out the shyness with you got
hit
she really hit me I was testing you I
was testing you both
she's such a meanie she hit me
I'm sorry but stop your time is on a
different mother he's my brother he's
wonder coolest Yemen is a Yemeni real
recognize real
take me to look
somebody's met the homeys I don't have
it I'm kind of pointing these guys they
saw his cross street and they're like oh
my god they shot the pizza on the floor
and you read across shit he left the
piece at home they weren't there I what
do you guys do another letter full of a
guy going that bus let's pretend we're
here I'm gonna try to go to this bus me
sorry
ha ha ropes
Peter price is a private bus which one
is public bus MTA bus is not what it
knows my father he knows my father to
tell me to get the shot his father in
the ship no he's the boss's son sugar
I mean you guys it's good
just man easy
she's magic taking a picture with his
beautiful lady CI I'm meeting so many of
you guys today so who challenged
everybody want met today you guys
seriously made my day and it was so
amazing he shout out to Amanda and her
family you guys are so sweet so amazing
so this is the tweet for the 500,000
subscribers giveaway
oh yeah just retweet this sweet favorite
it and in one week I'll be choosing a
winner I'm with my daddy right now
photos up good blue say hi hello I may
give you a question and answer okay yeah
ready yeah
all right um so people are asking people
asking um how do you get your good looks
from I'm good from God
you were saying I'm uh how was I when I
was a baby it was like good baby or yeah
what you would I was good yes sir now
you know you'd have to say how good was
a bad boy or good boy or no good really
good boy yeah I was a good boy yeah why
don't fuck you lyin
why you always whine was your favorite
um uh what's your favorite son you me
yeah oh my god stop fucking right no no
says he does you don't have to have here
who I mean you yeah
I'm gas turned out that yes look thank
you all so so gas right yeah who is your
favorite uncle be honest seriously I
never I ain't we would choose me I don't
like to because what
because I put you in videos and take you
out huh yes you still have to love the
bride and lease okay Allah okay alright
do you hug ready let's take this dealer
she's gonna get scared this yeah so Rima
and moss and aka gap boy are outside and
we love them it's a village that mesons
gonna get shot and he's gonna get shot
would it be you shot why did they go to
barrage because they would do it to the
doctor who went to the doctor in Bay
Ridge so yeah he always gets a check off
you guys do not know most always goes
gets a check-up reamer just goes along
and they left me all along yeah streamer
series I told me mother why you're not
gonna leave me today she was like oh I'm
not gonna leave you I promise
Adnan promises she loves me now but you
man you don't know everything the stick
know me man you know really watch this
I'm gonna get you back with a big big
prank
ready do you want to pull a prank and
Rima soon not me you do it yes guys
thumbs up to my Jamaat to pull a prank
on Rima like himself seeing a little kid
to pull a prank on another little kid
he's so funny
I might've seen him do something
three-month see how she like reacts I'll
put a mic on him and like what did I'll
make me a mic like great to hear
yourself and let me know in the comments
below if you guys want to see that I'm
so scared
ready you guys ready guys set oh they
shooting at it what's up to me gang so I
just got home I just woke up from like a
two-hour nap so sorry if I look so like
tired something I'm trying to wake up a
little look Who I am with see honey
wave hi Tina's here you haven't said hi
for so long so yeah hey what's up hey
what's up we're gonna have a little
question and answer with Tina and Jay
man they are both siblings we're gonna
ask some cool questions already shit I
can't ask questions to Deena she's only
two she just turned two so she's still
really young
hey why are you sorry huh don't be shy
she seriously the biggest do me she's
how old is Deena when Athena's brother
27 May 27 mm-hmm yeah good job yes
how do you spell Dena's name 10 seconds
ago
d hey ve
yeah mm-hmm good job he so did right
here bud you know spell Jim as name
no I didn't say hitter who I said spell
his name good hey fuck you mean you may
kiss she hates me in person she beats me
up in person but like video she kisses a
screen why you kiss the screen but then
you hit me give me kiss look look see
like this is proof is wrong with you
girl is ain't funny guys let me know in
the comments below what do you guys want
to see more of in the vlogs like who do
you guys want to see more of and like
let me know the comments below do you
want to see more of me in the city just
going around you want to see more of me
in the house do you want to see more of
joe mad do you want to see more do you
know i mean do you wanna see more of
Rima do you want to see more of Mawson
you want to see more paler hamza you
guys let me know the comments below and
i'll be are you smiling about what are
you smiling at uh huh nice really oh
it's time to wrap up this rock this
whole vlog was dedicated to you guys and
is dedicated to Dina because she loves
watching live live antigen I hope you
guys still give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey
thank you guys so much for your love and
support tomorrow's vlog might not be a
vlog it might be a skit so I'm still
decided it might be a funny skit skat
mean what does this skit mean ask it
means remember this super Arab nanny
with Rima that's a skit do you remember
the I'm not doing suburban Annie I might
be doing something else something really
nice so might be scared I might be a
vlog for tomorrow so I'll keep it as a
surprise for you guys
I see you guys devastate thumbs up Deena
I got so see you guys tomorrow take care
in PC bye
let's give her a kiss attack Ready's I
go
I like pigs peas always in favor promise
you that those teeth let me write them
away okay
this would choose a sleigh
you
