Moses going up up second say hi to do me
game hi guys right now we're in doctor's
office and I'm in the inner building
look at this view man look at this this
is beautiful oh my god you guys ready
Wow mashallah Jeddah I'm in the maximum
coming here I'm safe longer and I'm
hitting the beach nice to meet you know
man you doing good man have you ever
wanted at that beach or not yes how is
it
mashallah this beautiful house that is
the water water park is the water
that yeah nice we're here with Lucy hi
how are you this is it was
holla I got up cut them before the chair
to a million dead ball touch it do it in
Spanish Spanish Spanish us that's it
we're in the creative palms office right
now it is beautiful with how do I have a
good camera have you done the face of
the face oh say hi hi doing good
we're in this little meeting right now
nas ready meeting right now power for
presentation let's um let's get it
started
guys we just got done with the meeting
creative palms and 1finity big things
come and stay tuned right now about to
have some Indian food and looks so so
don't like this place Indian food spot
right there all ready to eat and then
party after this oh we want to eat you
can't handle spiciness he's gonna try it
out try it guys the food is here Thank
You Man I appreciate it about to dig in
it's a birthday party appearing here
guys look at this theme park man it goes
from here here this is a crazy sickening
Park over here but they go on a couple
rides and have a chill hang out say like
this we're answering a forest now oh
thank you so much
hi guys you just arrived to the birthday
party birthday girls here you guys ready
today what are we doing today I don't
even know what's going on to be on I
think we're gonna ride then like cutting
the cake and everything so we're gonna
see how it goes yes hi guys I'm here
with it on right now and what's your
name no one and no one they're gonna
sing a song what are you guys gonna sing
whatever you guys want I like confidence
though I'm ready
no one and no other no one and no one
I got sisters enough yeah well that's
amazing yeah guys this is it
it's here oh my god I'm scared that was
no roller coaster ride that was sick I'm
not gonna that was so sick oh how was it
that was huh yo lotty should have what
that was like the bumpiest ride ever
oh my god I would say that was so well I
love you too
guys a lot of lies Kissin your cake is
ready oh my god you ready you excited
let's do it
yippee ai-yay you can add I'll be on my
way say Oh yippee iron you can add and
I'll be on my way sick I'm about to go
now lies is here what's up she killed it
guys letting a lot of punch the cake is
in there good cupcakes there happy
birthday
guys we're here at the mall here it's
called red Seymour it's also big man
this is just one of the floors they
don't want to vlog much here because
there's so many people that like I don't
know if they want to get blogged so I'm
just I'm shopping for my dad so I got
him to go that's uh now see you guys in
the next shot guys I'm here with the
homies Ahmed and Yusuf say what's up
guys we came back what's that they just
came back and got a four night win man
how do you feel getting a point I went I
can't wait I go back and play man my ps4
you know they're talking about ksi and
Logan who thing's gonna win the case
Logan but still out of Kasaan Logan who
you guys think Oh Logan Logan I'm
calling it beforehand I look care so you
guys heard it months months before okay
hands down man hands up
many ways i'ma do my gang I'm here with
rookie gang right here started off a
trip here in Jeddah here and now we're
gonna end it off here and I'm gonna give
a special message to a lot over a lot of
I miss you so much i'ma stay happy stay
smiling I love you and we're gonna make
a lot more memories so I'ma keep that
smile in your face and I'll definitely
see you soon a happy lot of peace they
have I love you so much to me getting
I'm finally going down to my secret
floor I cannot wait to see my family oh
my dad no one's even here guys it's been
like a week and have you seen my family
perfect
yo time so what's up man how you doing
bro Hamza I missed you bro how you doin
you know how do you know mysteries I
play for night but what's up no no ice
cream man I feel like my whole family's
messing around I'm looking for them I
don't know what they're doing man hello
no one here what are you guys doing say
yeah Fremont what's up how you guys
doing
how's everything are you guys bit I miss
you guys so much
how can you move leave what are you guys
talking about now
you're talking about God Allah and God
means the same thing you guys know that
right along God means yes Allah means
God in Arabic well you guys gonna
continue on your your talk okay well
okay okay bye
guys I do not know what's going on but
like seems kind of weird he's playing
for tonight my freaking Rhema and Boston
I having like a Starbucks off man I
don't even know what's up man let's go
see what else is going on I think I
heard someone in the bathroom I'm gonna
see what's going on what what are you
guys doing I missed you guys hi how are
you yeah but do you guys show up I
missed you my sin how's everything hey
good oh oh my god you know what man
screw this go inside go do you poop I'll
see you guys after school is making guys
I'd even know what's up Boston Adina
they want to poop bream on every mind if
we can say F they're like having their
Starbucks all times that is like playing
freaking like I don't know for like man
like he's addicted to that game
jemelle inhaler I do not know whether
out man family matter
I missed you man come on man juh man I
missed you how how's everything hey what
are you doing right now
okay well then goodbye man man I don't
know what something my family man with
what are you where's Haley with Haley
hello I'm sorry like because we paid to
Luther you serious God dollars Haley's
why was she in here hello oh my god this
is scary the heck
hailer what the heck you doing here oh I
need a quiet place to play for tonight
are you serious you know I just came
right
I just came hello yeah I just came from
Saudi Arabia how are you I miss you me
huh
it was good and how's how's everything
with you everything's good like man I'm
dying you know who this man I'm out man
what's what's up with this my geez I
don't know what's up man what's up
oh my god what they have come to me gag
it feels so good to be back with the
Adams family was I know you guys mr.
Anna's family so so much so one by one
they're gonna talk to you guys and give
you guys any words they want to say
we're gonna start off with them Hamzah
hugs that go say you have five seconds
to say something to me in about five
seconds go I love you guys so much
and I give you five seconds oh did I get
back that I saw you doing is causing
trouble man it's dawn chill chill
most of gunk oh yeah pops I can say hi
to do me game guys like they got bubbles
from Saudi it was let me see you to the
bubbles their bubbles Wow Deena I want
you to say say Thank You Lara say Thank
You Raja each other to light another
they gave them bubbles also they even
got slime and say a fin jamadar like
this crazy
slime bar yo how's the slime doing there
huh good you like it what the heck how
did you guys do that like 20 minutes
let me see put it up put it up more and
put it up more put it up higher higher
higher higher higher higher higher oh my
god what oh my god what the heck what
the heck oh my god what oh this is like
boogers can't say thank you doctor do me
gag if you guys are happy that I'm back
to the Addams Family house give it a
thumbs up in The Addams Family a thumbs
up but do me now every single one you
guys to give the video thumbs up to all
my minor - thank you guys so much but I
have some really really bad news as I
told you guys yesterday that I have a
prank that I was supposed to post up
they pranked me in Saudi Arabia it was
literally one of the craziest pranks
ever when I was flying from Saudi Arabia
all the way to New York City I took
British Airways and for some reason they
didn't allow any electronics on the
plane so they took my laptop they took
my camera they took every electronic
that I have other than my phone so that
means my black camera that I had was in
the air 40,000 feet high for like 18
hours so when I got my camera and turned
it on everything in my memory card was
completely gone you guys do not
understand how I feel if any one of you
guys know how to bring back something
that was like deleted from a memory card
please please please let me know because
I really wanted you guys to see that
prank was a crazy prank of the police in
Saudi Arabia resting me because I did it
dab and I'm
really wanted you guys to see and I'm so
so freaking sad I blame you British
Airways for freaking taking my camera my
laptop and everything they were going so
hard man I'm like you serious you're
gonna take my plaque here my leg put the
heck but a do me any please do let me
know if you guys know anything about
that other than that do me I was gonna
be a crazy crazy week here in the Addams
Family house I'm I see you guys tomorrow
do not forget to subscribe because I
upload every single day I love you guys
and I'll see you guys tomorrow take care
and peace
