hey hey what's up do me gang this is
Adam Saleh and I'm here with and today
is a six-year anniversary on YouTube
adieu me ya emotional message I just
want to thank every single one you guys
six years on YouTube and I'm still
having fun with it I never ever imagined
in a million years that I'll be here six
years later you know in my whole house
in my own house with Rima and Mawson six
years ago I didn't even know he was
gonna exist so this is crazy demeaning
six years on YouTube it flew by so so
fast because of you guys you guys always
make it fun thank you guys so much
also do me yank this is officially my
last ever video of 2017 this is my last
ever video in 2017 to see all jokes
aside I'm here to talk to you guys man
to camera I know I always make cheesy
edits every single year saying oh my god
it's a new year this is amazing and I
show like all the memories we had
seriously right not to talk to you guys
and tell you guys thank you guys so much
for believing in me 20:17 has been a
roller coaster for me I traveled to like
30 to 40 country cities I released my
own album and while doing all that I
never missed a day on YouTube it's so
crazy out time flies I remember
yesterday when it was just 2017 and I
was telling you guys do me gang I will
not miss today 2017 and now this is the
last day of 2017 and we haven't missed a
day man seriously man most in ARIMA
thank you guys so much you guys have a
big big part to doing it juh man Dena
happens that highlight for the SE f
Yousef my mom my dad literally the whole
Adams family thank you guys so much from
the bottom of my heart for making 2017
one of the best years of my life oh I
forgot and eight heard that your dad I
forgot oh my god I forgot a evening
I'm sorry man I'm sorry my dudes hey
chill out man
just cuz I forget that doesn't mean I
still love him but I do me young I'm
also here to tell you guys 2018 is gonna
be an even bigger year this is just the
start we have a lot more to come as you
guys know every single year I come out
with something crazy I want you guys to
tweet me videos pictures any memories of
2017 my Twitter is here oMG Adam solid
your favorite memory of 2017 with the
whole Adams family the Adam South vlogs
and I'll be checking you out
I love us all so I'm here with the one
and only Yusef Salaam oldest nephew
what's up man how you doing boy I don't
get why do you have a hat on your beard
okay my beard
what come on man I'll do the same take
it off take it off he shaved his beard
but I want to see it all right guys he
knows how nas feels when I shaved his
beard but this time I did not shave his
beard Yousef is doing a comeback on
YouTube for tomorrow the star of 2018 so
make sure you guys check out his first
video of 2018 it ain't just a big year
for me it's a big year for all of us as
I told you guys big year for the whole
team the whole team and do me yeah the
whole team I want everyone in my whole
circle and everyone who watches my
videos I want every single one of you
guys to be happy
seriously I don't understand your
happiness and my boys and my friends my
family and my future wife's happiness is
my happiness use it but he does show his
whole beard listing his video so if you
guys gonna go go check out his video go
give it a thumbs up and motivate him to
continue on for 2018 anytime come on my
family just cuz he showed it still go to
this video and show them some love I
made use of sod you like you like oh my
god he looks so young yeah what the hell
is this huh what is this bro this is my
supreme sled late road we go sledding
huge shout-out to the homie doggy for
giving me this supreme sled dog is a
plug right now and I'm kinda broke I'll
get you to plug bro he's the supreme
plug man look at this man I'm gonna have
to make a dope video with this right now
wanna go sledding now we can't go now
it's too too cold yes it is
good now it's too cold Marcin now that
is crazy
bobbin there you go
yo this is giving you a crazy one you
know do me a imagine doing this the
supreme going out out the door that
would be so so insane but only when it
snows a lot you guys are gonna hurt
yourselves yeah
yes you guys are you crazy look yes you
are Rima I'm telling you they can let me
go what do you mean what do you mean
you're gonna fall you're gonna hurt
yourself
hey guys Rima Austin they're savages man
they don't care if they go down with a
sled slide any stairs know what I'm
gonna go out of style are these dudes
crazy man what do you do I have to go
app stop for them to leave in and I have
to use my free gonna do me gang sneaker
that I got from with you guys they're
crazy man look they're trying to go down
the whole thing like imagine to go by
yourself look they're gonna go like this
Lena end up
whoa yo fell down no way
nah but seriously thumbs up if you guys
want us to do something with that
supreme sled oh my god you crazy okay do
me again so I promised you guys a whole
tour of my place I promise you guys when
it's all done but I told you guys it's
still not all of them but I'm still
gonna give you guys a whole exclusive
tour when it's not done in the process
because it's taking me longer than usual
and it's harder than it looks to do me
yet so this is how it is okay so you go
over here this is my floor could walk
through and we got a bathroom we got a
little dope bathroom right here I was
not supposed to get a bathroom but then
my mom ended up telling the construction
workers make it bath it'll make a
bathroom and she's kind of writing away
mama sala you're always right I love you
so much you have a bathroom here because
I can shower I don't have to go upstairs
yeah okay years ago you wear diapers you
didn't know how to use the bathroom yeah
no you don't but over here I'm gonna
make my own gym we finally finished our
bench press right here who can bench
press I'm gonna be working out over here
get on my chest pumped up you know what
I'm saying like ah ignore this bad this
is just a temporary bed um put some
frames over here I'm thinking I just put
the YouTube plaque here or inside my
office this is a mirror one of the
biggest mirrors that I got like this I
love mirrors high merit what's up hi hi
doing what's that hey this is the bad
that never got fixed Macy's man what the
heck you guys brought me a whole bad
like I bought this bed for like three to
four thousand dollars and they miss a
piece like what the hell come on Macy's
I'm disappointed but they are coming
soon to fix it I'm also over here too
this is a part of the bed and nothing
Mara is gonna be here we got a dope
basketball court here whenever want to
play a I'm also gonna be making like a
basketball floor here like a free-throw
line a three-point line you shoot and
have fun over here is my TV do me again
you can move this TV around like a hey
hey this is my living room right now
this is the bad is kind of a mess but
this couch also turns to a bad use of
his editing running video yes also got
these dope lights man is inspired by the
homie nas easy let's turn it off and
look boom
like this like a cop like a cup-like
sirens I you can even change the colors
look boom you can change whatever color
you want you can do nothing right now
it's blue look you can make it move look
at this this is sick this is so dope
this is the chill vibes at night over
here is my boxing stuff where I want to
train itself we got UFC gloves over here
we have boxing gloves over here we have
dumbbells oh my god like this number 30
count one two nobody here is my office
man that I still need to get my PC to
come here in my You Tube plaques to come
here when everything is fixed it's gonna
look so so dope I cannot wait do me
again show you guys everything you guys
are literally going through everything
with me so thank you guys so much for
that you know what I'm gonna show you
guys some of the frames that I have that
I'm gonna put up a whole secret floor it
is NYC of course I'm from New York born
and raised in New York City
so I got me this is just one of them
right Oh Oh be careful this is just one
of my head I'm PI State Building because
I don't know it's my city man NYC is my
city's gonna make dope you hang it up
either here or maybe somewhere here I
don't want to do it I'm probably gonna
break it
hey do me gang it is December 31st
11:58 p.m. 2017 I'm gonna keep this
recorded until it's 2018 so we're gonna
be recording until next year do me gang
this is seriously like the most
unorganized New Year that I've ever had
because of the whole settling in I never
know who's gonna take me this long to
settle in but I don't really care cuz
I'm here with the family I made the kids
stay up at his 11:50 what is it we're
gonna count down right knocks was they
thank you guys so much I can't believe
it's about to be a new year right now I
do Mia's ready let's countdown okay 30
seconds and then we got 30 seconds 19 18
17 16 15 14 13 12 11 10 9 8 7
six five four three we've been filming
while we've been filming for freaking
here
seriously this some years I did not do
nothing at all but I feel like it's the
best New Year's ever because I'm with
the family I'm I'm chillin 27c was it
amazing yeah I understand how emotional
I am like I can't believe it you said a
year has gone by and I haven't missed a
day may accomplish this is oh my god one
of the biggest accomplishments that I've
ever done in my life I want to thank you
guys from the bottom of heart and I want
every single one you guys to thumbs up
this video if I ever made you guys smile
in 2017 thumbs up and do a thumbs up you
have to give this body thumbs up you
have to it's the last day do we get so
thumbs up stay tuned there's a lot to
come in 2018 I cannot wait to show you
guys literally everything time is gonna
fly do me a so just be patient I want
every single one you guys to accomplish
your dreams whatever you want to do do
it 2018 make it your your be happy be
healthy I love you guys do me gang we're
gonna end it here I love you guys I'll
see you guys with the first ever well
this is the first ever 2018 video but
I'll see you guys with the first ever
2018 video this is that's so weird
no you're not seven you're gonna turn
seven in August you're still not seven
let's see you guys tomorrow take care
and peace I love you go Turkey I love
you guys 2018 new year on a mission cuz
I know you'll be away and for me to come
through long overdue overdue I can't get
it over you cost
thinking on my way to you what we could
do to us
