hey guys what's up Adam again hope you
all have an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing it here so if I'm
having an amazing day you guys should be
having an amazing day too
we were here having another meeting with
the New Scotland Yard
Oh Oh with the police about what we're
gonna be doing in the future
yo what's up man
what am i doing in London okay I know
you're right don't get where some school
yeah just boom nice what's that what's
we go to whisper iris was supposed to Oh
what's up
shout out the house Westminister oh
thank you so much I appreciate it thank
you good Hey yeah thank you
why so quiet I'll be shocked yeah right
so we here right now in the building
look at this Oh No so wrong side right
here this is crazy this is where like
big meetings happen at conference room
this is old uniform build a copy in here
yeah the old police you know what's that
this looks really cool and this is the
old guys this is the old handcuffs back
in these really really cool these is I
think these the new hats
I don't really know these the no one's I
know reopen these don't even so I only
oddysey know what autism wow it's cool
this is cyclic this really group like so
dope
what's these Anya speakers so much yeah
Mike we're gonna go find Adam we're
gonna take him he's gonna get lucky this
is where everything happens you go like
investigations have like bigger stuff so
it's crazy how sweet the policemen they
give us some oranges and some water
what what time you still can say water
water water water water water please
water or water water what my British
accent is getting much much better now
that I'm coming up you know what I said
I said not just ready get into me a
favor mate is that good that sounds a
hold of a twister it's no good can you
do me a favor me can you do me a favor
mate I said it wasn't good
that's like a gay English person oh my
god daddy says it you do me a favor mate
can you do me a favor mate
Barry's getting bail
I don't know I'm saying all right I was
all funny that's why I just got done
with the meeting it was an amazing
meeting I felt like I was back in like
back in class and university like
festivals teach you stuff it was
touching an amazing really educational
guys if you guys do not know this tour
it is going to be an amazing rejoicing
me there is getting me five cities here
in the UK that might say at the end of
the vlog so hopefully I'll tell you guys
not sure if I'm allowed to say it but
this tour is gonna be something
something motivation or something
inspirational educational Adam 'national
you know sometime I get to talk to you
guys engage with you guys and something
really for a good cause
can I get a regular Pappy well in
America you order pie of pizza you know
what's up I bring up Domino's explain
slice pasta what is it the most of what
is let's try to order a Shepherd versus
Crowder regular Pappy sir I'm hungry
I'll call Domino's Pizza Sookie I'm on
the phone I'm like can I get a pie of
pizza in America was a pie piece which
means one for one full pie pizza like a
deep pan yeah and they also know that I
mean like what I I'm like it does really
ordering a pie like nearly half on him
he was getting what hang on it's a
loader shepherd's pie
what shepherd's pie I didn't know what
that is like a shepherd's pie right
rippers bar over the side mince with
mashed potato and cheese no cool but it
sounds good cuz I will find it it's
super excited I'm looking forward to it
right now about to get ready to film
something so should go cool you ready
film let's do this if you want on the
swag you for the other day be good like
you did alright
like try it this will happen around
there for the first time we got a hold
on soon
anybody who goes on for the first time
it's so hard huh oh he's saying it's
keeping up with big oh he got it and he
got it yeah I got a hold his hand like
it I use my little son or something
let's go son come on
it's not as easy as it looks I'm just
making he got tomorrow I got a big
surprise for you guys it's something
tomorrow's a big surprise you guys see
it tomorrow's vlog he's gonna be very
interesting black so make sure you guys
watch if you guys don't watch my vlogs
every day just make sure you watch
tomorrow's why because it's gonna be
really cool so you guys will check it
out
Domino's Pizza the real hero what's up
you found see the real hero man I'm
hungry
lighting is on point we just got done
with our film shoot when I took us about
two hours so I want a great huge shot
out to the homey feel
the homey nods and to the homey on a
little name to the Greek guy to the good
guy for let us finish and ready to do
this two hours for this how long for two
three hours two to three hours and it
should be out around October October 17
October 18 this other kind of South
Africa within you know 12 - the bongos
before you yourself have a mission on it
is i'ma show you it's called better you
know is better better yeah what's better
better so jenna is a yemeni type music
that's the great guy
I'm sorry man I'm so stuck taking about
where's my watch you this is better it's
a better sound ready we are in a dry
road right now I haven't been here for
almost a year
gonna get some jumbo juice is something
there's a lot of Arabs here in Edgware
rope so I'm gonna play some Arabic music
for my swaggy board
I'm gonna be there Billy discs but if
she just spots over here I'm gonna be a
private belly dancer
that's fresh orange juice sugar Edgware
Road was there such a tourist when I
come to London cuz I never get to
explore London so I'm such a tourist I'm
sorry wait for a green light go go go
look at this car
holy Arabs can have these type of oh you
should look so familiar
I think she's an Arab singer I don't
know if you guys knew part never heard
her but she's an Arab singing I've seen
her before I swear no she's watching me
I don't know if it's built this or chemi
I don't know if it's national but she's
moving ahead yeah I don't want to look
disrespectful like filming her stuff but
I mean she's on music videos so much
foolish see if it's like her you guys I
don't know it both I don't know I feel
like a stalker oh my god I feel like a
Greek I wonder fast you know yeah
recording area as well as her she's I
once called trealose madam how am I
supposed to cope with her car
you say listen a you murdered or a
poacher no girl you better turn your
head learn it is all right there look
Junior what's up I'm us ignore it
anymore I can barely see us but it's so
dark here ayman nour we'll need and here
I see how your oh my god that's God with
it
how you guys doing good you're right
there so shy why I got so shy I'm shy
they made my day so thank you guys so
much colleague I got a good start I
didn't was good yeah I mommy what's up
Mohammed I know I made have me coming in
Mohammed yeah come here do you want to
be in a black mom I know yeah cold yeah
of course she's so sweet she's so sweet
I mom no here you go yeah I'm so happy
to meet you nice thank you so nice day I
really am thank you so much I appreciate
it guys so sweet you guys have a nice
family
thumbs up for this amazing family
because a really simple guys I just seen
another moth I swear oh my god I think
it's the same one that was in the other
vlog I swear this nigga so I don't know
what's that I don't know where they come
from or they like built from the light
or do they come from the window or they
like I don't know it's so scary like I
didn't open the windows how do they come
in the hotel how do they come indoors
it's so creepy
how can a seabass that sort of putting
off ground and stuff is like I can't
like anyways it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you all enjoy this flag to my
ride-or-die do me if you guys made it to
everybody you guys made it here make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
extra Turkey huge shout out to the
family that just met you guys are so
sweet and so nice it was lovely meeting
you all so thank you so much for making
my night I will see you guys tomorrow
make sure y'all watch tomorrow's vlog it
will be a cool interesting vlog and if
you guys do not know I haven't been on
Twitter Instagram snapchat Facebook or
much lately and I'm just taking a little
social media break but I'm still gonna
be uploading daily vlogs every single
day for you guys because that's what I
love doing I love knowing that I still
made you guys smile even though I'm
taking a little social media break I
still read you know uh Sarita tweets I
still read their comments and I still
stalk you guys on social media but I'm
just taking a little bit cuz I feel like
I just needed you know a little social
media break I've been on it so much it
felt like it was like a drug was like an
addiction so I needed to like chill out
for a bit come out I'll be back I don't
know when maybe in a few weeks maybe in
a few months I don't know but it's been
feeling but feel really cool you know
just uploading devil vibes for you guys
and YouTube and and making you guys
smile on here so thank you guys so much
for all the love and support I love you
guys and I don't still see your tweets
have always you know give me some
positive tweets even when I'm not
tweeting much so thank you so much I'll
see you guys tomorrow to me gang take
care and peace I love you
keep smiling all day all day hey for you
always in seven
promise you that those teeth let me wipe
them away
I know a okay that's what you say
