hey guys what's up this is Adam and
today I'll be telling you guys how to
make a girl happy or a woman whichever
you prefer I didn't vlog today because I
was out and I was doing something where
I couldn't vlog so hopefully I'll keep
you guys updated with that but I'll tell
you guys I always tell you guys how to
make a girl happy ready you ready you
sure sure number one be a good listener
girls love it when you're listening or
when you're acting like you're listening
I'm listening
no but seriously always listen and
always remember stuff girls love it when
you remember something oh my god a
sleazy please hey Stacey please don't
tell me you know you don't remember the
day we started working together you
don't maybe the day we started twerking
to get oh my god
June 19 2008 3:30 4:00 p.m. you forgot
you forgot number to give little
surprises woman love it when you give
them his baby surprises you know it
could be anything baby girl I got a
surprise for you
it's something your love it's something
you're gonna be so excited about lotion
baby girl so you can massage my back
with this lotion really nigga
number three trust her and show her now
you trust her so whenever a girl wants
to go out go anywhere you turn go ahead
go do what you want go ahead go have fun
I trust you to go outside when she goes
out that's when he stalk her Instagram
or social media her Twitter her Facebook
her snapchat and make sure she's up to
good you know up to like nothing nothing
bad you know what I'm saying just this
is trust I just trust that number four
always share things open up to her you
know tell her stuff that nobody knows
babe I just want to tell you a little
secret I'm gonna open up the entire
something you know that day you when
we're at the hotel I didn't have a
toothbrush I use your toothbrush number
five be a gentleman you have to always
be nice to your woman open the door take
off your jacket
whenever she's cold and she don't have a
jacket so you take off your jacket
and he told why don't you have a jacket
on girl I'm cold - if she offers to pay
for the bill you'd be nice and be a
gentleman and let her pay for the bill
I'm just kidding you better pay for -
number six don't treat her like she's an
object this one is really serious
I hate when men see woman as someone who
can cook in just a housewife to go cook
in the kitchen I know some women are
okay with that being housewives but I
hate you know some men who take
advantage and they're like yeah a woman
should be in the kitchen woman should
make me a sandwich she's your woman
she's your lady she's your wife she's
your baby she's not your slave or
nothing like that you should go up and
help her out it's like labor if she's
just cooking for you all day and night
that's all the guys out there that think
that's a bitch move or a stop by your
lady you know what what's wrong with
being nice with your lady what's wrong
with helping your lady what's wrong with
showing some affection and showing that
you actually care about your women and
not being stomped I do not get that with
some guys these days it's good to know
show your love show your care sometimes
numbers yet day Sabbath give her some
space some days you had to give her
space so she won't be sick of you so she
can you know be happy and have some time
for herself have some time for her
friends and her family cuz she got a
life too I mean you know she thought
when I have my lady I better be her life
too but you know she's gonna want to
have some time alone she's going after
some time with her friends and family so
I'm gonna give her some space and I
moved back and I'ma wait and play
hard-to-get until until she she she she
she comes and give me he comes to my
space my my space not my space the
social media my space as in my space
number Oh Cho find ways to make her
laugh a woman loves it when you make her
laugh so find any way to make her laugh
this is how I would make my woman laugh
I would you know I will give her some ad
the messenger a salad music you know you
know another one another one you know
I'll give you another one
this is a remix of six seven nine Fetty
WAP baby just for you heavy
baby girly so damn fine though I'm
trying to know if we can get married
tonight though I'll be cook you some I
see then Mayo so say yes and make up
your mind oh yes if you're talking
diamonds I got this
now put the dad's number in my pocket I
traded in some money for some chocolate
are you cold baby let me give you my
jacket hey I got big muscles in my
clothing 17 million shots no 38 hey I
got big muscles in my clothing 17
million shots no 38 look at your hair
Jap design I'm wondering when you'll be
mine when I look at you I say mashallah
you're fine I want you to marry me and
I'm gonna tell you why cuz I have a
diploma and a big Range Rover I have an
iPhone he has a Motorola now this song
is oh hey thank you thank you guys it's
okay like that did that make you laugh
baby or did that at least even make you
smile if it made you smile at least give
give it a thumbs up maybe if if it made
you crack a smile I don't know did it
yes if it did be honest and thumbs up
number 9 learn how to fight a woman will
always be happy when she knows she has a
man who knows how to fight who knows how
to protect her you know if you skinny
and you got no muscles or no type of
fighting you better hit the gym and
start learning how to fight because if
your woman is in trouble and you can't
help her out chee-chee-chee gonna be
happy and that is all for today I really
hope you guys enjoyed this video enjoyed
this how to make a girl happy I probably
am NOT the best at knowing how to make a
girl happy because I am really bad with
that I make Rima mad almost every single
day and I'm so sorry if you guys think
I'm missing something and how to make a
girl happy and if you are a girl make
sure you comment below and let me know
what makes you happy what you think will
make a guy make you happy instead of
guys after you tell me what makes you
happy to be honest what makes me happy I
know none of you guys asked but I'm
gonna ask myself hey Adam what makes you
happy oh well what makes me happy is
someone who is always there who always
all shows you love and attention
that you need when you need it it always
brings you up when you're feeling down
that's that's just something I want
someone who always be there forever and
ever and just shows you love and never
get bored and always adventurous that's
just that's what makes me happy I really
hope you guys enjoy this video if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey I will see you guys
tomorrow back to the daily vlogs back to
the normal of lags I wasn't gonna upload
anything to it but I decided I wanted to
upload something for you guys I'll see
you guys tomorrow take care and peace
light cuz I have a diploma and a big
range over here for you always a fan
promise you that bullshit let me wipe em
away okay this would choose to say
