my mommy
hey guys what's up a dummy gang I woke
up today feeling like a brand new person
so I started off fresh day today's give
me another chill out day I'm gonna relax
breathe some fresh air just have some
fun because Monday after Twitch's
tomorrow which is you guys watching
today I'm gonna get back to meetings get
back to work mode and get back to
confirming everything and fixing
everything for you guys the stuff that
I'll be doing in the future so hopefully
all works out and let's see how today
goes I just didn't three people on
Twitter who won these sketches the
Sponge Bob the Garfield and swimmer one
so congratulations to you guys I'm
thinking about doing another giveaway
but a big giveaway when I reach 500,000
subscribers on this channel and even a
bigger giveaway I want to reach 1
million subscribers on the main channel
so I'm gonna be working extra hard
because last month
I've gained a lot more subscribers than
we've ever gained and like the past year
so I wanna say thank you guys to every
single one of you who subscribed and I'm
thinking my doing a small giveaway right
now for this hat this is Anna do me gang
and exclusive hat that only the I only
have so I don't know I'm thinking my
choosing to someone random throughout
the whole week to anybody who always
gives my vlogs and thumbs up to anybody
who always comments anybody who always
tweets me something pilots anybody who
always comments something positive on my
Instagram my facebook literally on
everything so I probably decided
sometime this week guys I know you guys
probably hate it but I'm so addicted to
this swag you bored it's so addicting I
don't know I see other youtubers like
playing with it I'll be like oh my OID
like they always have it's so annoying
and now that I got it so addicted I
can't get off it you want another cool
thing about my one look you can play
music on I don't play really loud
watches Ready Set No
car wash Leo's my swaggy board partner
in the UK we go everywhere with this
right you go everywhere Allah you're
gonna show you guys the curb move he
knows how to go downstairs yeah go go go
that's nice about to do too Freddie
he's about 30 to 100 be careful bigger
bigger oh the traffic in London is so
crazy that I cannot stand with the motor
with the highway I wanna call the
motorway the motor right now in the
traffic is so like it's so boring to
like oh my god what's up with the
traffic oh you know what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna go out take my swaggy bored
serious yeah over the back
we're after right now go straight come
on
while the back is over guys I - look at
this crazy guy look
hi guys now I got fresh I told you guys
I need to breathe some fresh air I can't
be stuck in traffic I'm still feeling
close to phobic and I start feeling down
where are you guys from where are you
guys from filters from work
Londoners shout out to Londoners what's
up I don't add you got a second traffic
I'm not the people's reaction is so
funny
they're like what is this guy doing
she's stuck in traffic they're all oh
fuck it hey hey I can go faster than you
you sure ready yeah let's do it
a dress
it's my middle name girl
well looking at Porsche what happened to
it well he blatantly put its foot down
look at that look at that oh my gosh
this is another accident
Wow look at this take this so what that
is oh my gosh that guy oh my that is
that sucks
hockey or appeals
if I'm taking pictures at all in there
there's no pictures look in the picture
found enough I seen everybody taking
pictures whoever we see with they see
you on the camera right when we see
somebody right we tell them right to the
show you on the camera taking pictures
so right you can say this is private
property so they won't let you take
pictures in so many things somebody we
got kicked out for the fourth time you
know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna count
how many times we get kicked out
throughout the whole time I have this
swaggy board so it's been four times
already and we're gonna keep counting it
so Reach is like a hundred or something
like that so just up a little pool
hydro-man MAME all right there right now
we're having Chinese Chinese Chinese for
so long and this looks delicious any
Chinese people out there I'm sorry if
I'm keeping like you know my Chinese my
Japanese curry and homies out you know
any Chinese people Korean Japanese let
me know it comes below only see how many
Chinese people are there no don't be
hiding like that I know there is I've
seen a couple on Twitter so do that
this is turn into like a sport
what's this place called myelin myelin
myelin myelin we're here gonna do some
work that we're not allowed to say in a
few gonna let you guys know a couple
weeks maybe do you not speak about that
tonight
how do they speaking Afrikaans African
leave a comment below and and a freak on
how do you say how to say how are you -
South Africa you from Cape Town Oh cape
town cape town what's up cape town
so I just got done if you guys do not
know I was not doing a song guy track I
was doing something like it's like a
poem or like a poetry for what I'm gonna
be doing in the future tour in October
November it's like something about
anti-terrorism it's kind of like a rap
track and it's kind of like a poetry
into it's amazing you guys will love it
the bass dunno I know we were just with
RCA records we're recording the poetry
track and the rap track the
anti-terrorism track with RCA records
who's a Malick just signed with who
Chris Brown - I was hosts it's so like
nerve-racking and like exciting I've
always wanted to go up over there man
I've never been there I've never been up
there to the second floor of the bus
here on the bus right I should go up
i'ma go up real quick I'm gonna go
upstairs real quick come back down I'm
gonna come back down ten seconds okay
I'm going upstairs
oh my god this is sick come on London
bus hey lady over self hi oh my god this
is crazy I'm gonna top excuse me ladies
and gentlemen I'm here to sell them at
album you guys gonna buy it it's on
iTunes truly appreciate it
not here selling no money for no
basketball team excuse me guys where are
we and where breach oh my god the guy
needs to take me back he just pushed huh
New York all nice up from there I need
to leave sir
oh this is the camera here that's cool
this is so cool excuse me sir can you
open the door for me please can open the
door free please huh why I'm gonna run
out real quick that's it
I need to go I'm lost please sir
got locked up man this ain't fair
I don't
I told the driver until the driver i'ma
go in for ten seconds he like they took
you up now my friends await I don't know
I thank you sir
I gotta run to the other one but this is
so awkward I gotta run back to ours that
excuse me hey you know what's along the
bridge you know where's the London
Bridge
taking camera for me no I mean you know
Lloyd's of London Bridge delete it no
Lita Ford
yeah well I'm not taking a picture of
you take a picture of me my asking you a
question
he's nice don't worry about it yeah I'm
just looking for the London Business
he's a guy's trying to show running his
girl that's it I'm just looking for
directions
nobody nobody nobody can drag me nobody
nobody all right three minutes later I'm
still in it I don't have my phone or
nothing on me so if I don't like go
there I'm lost and I don't know the way
like I never really take transportation
something looks
I'm background was that oh no all right
so I got back to where I was that
well nothing nothing Phil they're
looking for me
and I'm looking for them now we're both
lost I'm lost in the middle of the
London Bridge it's a cool place to get
lost that you can see the beautiful view
here the beautiful ocean smell the fresh
London air but then you're lost I don't
know it I can't call them or nothing
like who I found
I was lost I'll try to get off he was
like at all you know you're gonna steal
features South London so we change our
locations over you on the bridge was
good bro didn't to yourself with you why
don't you pick up I don't study right
now I've just met the homey say hail
imagine a very like seats watching Adam
solid on YouTube thank you so much
she's very down-to-earth with her he's
using that he me me my dated an
iron-rich I got lost in a bus is it yeah
the bus drivers just like me and taking
up but you made my thinks this may be
someone well I appreciate it
you enjoy a little bit enjoy the UK you
always oh thank you so much I appreciate
thank you so this is our new location it
looks sick right here look this view is
amazing
look at this loser
because security is he's gonna be
falling doesn't matter swim say cheese
I might thank you so much for the form
Thank You Man peace out peace out man do
you like the picture tell me if you like
it
is it good I'm sorry I'm just hi guys so
we just got to the hotel and I found a
butterfly and oh what's it called a
butterfly or what's a morphism wolf bro
uh uh what is scary
now who's about to sleep I'm about to
end the vlog and I don't know we're just
one up Oh scary look at it look at it oh
my god that is scary
that is creepy why is it I'm moving that
is disgusting bro I can't I'm not gonna
sleep I need to take this thing out the
windows of the room oh my god oh holy
robe this thing no this way dude
get out oh my god bro I don't know what
to do with this house I then I can't
sleep I care most about still just like
hey get out get out wherever you are
home is outside yeah we're done boy
this thing is lost we're done it's lost
I can't find it I can't see I don't
think I would sleep like this I can't I
don't know if you guys if you guys are
in my position right now and it's lost
would you sleep or would you like have
to stay awake until it's gone I can't I
have to stay awake enough I'm scared of
bugs I'm gonna just wrap up the vlog
here but it's gone all right guys it's
time to wrap up this vlog hope you all
enjoyed this like if you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up if you made it
to the end of like my ride-or-die do me
gang make sure you give it a thumbs up
and let me know if you made it to the
end so thank you guys so much for your
love and support I'll see you guys too
it's another daily blacks will take care
and peace
I like I'm here for you always a family
I respect those tears let me wipe away
this would choose to say
