hey guys what's up this is Adam solid so
I'm sure you all heard about the high
school freshmen I met Muhammad who was
arrested because his teacher thought he
brought a bomb to school so if you guys
do not know this kid Hamid Muhammad he
loves science he loves technology this
kid made and invented a homemade clock
and he brought it to school to show his
engineering teacher because you know
that's that's what students do am I
right or am i right you know students
want to be praised and commended for
their hard work but what happened
instead was ignorance and Islamophobic
racism towards a child by the entire
school staff his teacher who's supposed
to you know look out for their students
you know be there for the students
accuse him for something out of this
world he was accused for terrorism what
kind of world do we live in what
teachers don't encourage don't trust
their students anymore he got arrested
for this because they thought he was
making a bomb but no he was making a
homemade clock but thankfully the police
dropped the charges
but he's still gonna be suspended for
three days which I still think is
absolutely ridiculous that he's still
getting suspended he should be getting
an award or something like that not much
students can make a homemade clock I
can't even make a homemade clock I can't
even make a homemade breakfast I also
think he should transfer schools because
if this school is watching whichever is
called MacArthur or whatever they do not
deserve his intelligence I want to give
a huge shout-out to everybody who had
his back on social media because of you
guys for having his back you guys
brought so much attention to the world
so much attention to this issue that
even Barack Obama invited him to the
White House the creator of Facebook is
offering him a job
NASA was with him he is getting so many
cool opportunities now which i think is
really really cool because of everybody
on social media for having his back this
just goes to show that the time for
change and diversity is here we just
need to stop focusing on racism and the
differences between us we need to start
focusing on peace unity and what brings
us together which is happiness even
though I might want through something no
student should great opportunities came
out of this and the main one was that
even though that racist school in Texas
try to put the minority down the world
jumped right back up together to show
that racism and hatred is now over we
all stand
I'm at Mohammed matter of fact we are
all at Mohammed as long as we continue
living our lives peacefully and
supporting one another we can stop the
ignorance and racism each other to the
home emirate
don't ever let anyone bring you down or
tell you what you're doing is wrong you
are going on the right path masha'Allah
and remember stay positive keep smiling
and keep doing you because you the real
MVP thankfully the media was on our side
this time because we took control of the
situation and spread awareness I've been
going through so much feeling so down
but seriously I am so proud of everyone
we literally took charge and we're gonna
continue to take charge until everyone
understands that we're just like you we
deserve respect just like everyone else
don't look at what's here look at what's
here in your heart and that's all I
gotta say and I'm just so glad that
Ahmed's name wasn't ruined thank you so
much I love you guys
you
