hey guys what's up it do me again hope
you all having a great day because I am
having I'm having a great morning we
woke up extra early because we're
heading to huge meeting I will not tell
you guys yeah I'll probably tell you
guys a little bit information about it
at the end of the vlog so if you guys
stick to the undervalue guys we'll hear
a little bit of information about it so
let's see how this goes we actually
tuned fast and fast lane when they
happen now I try to imagine and help her
so baby who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of who
you gonna be so don't let anybody tell
you want you we were heading to the
Scotland Yard
what's the Scotland Yard is that like
that VI try the mi5 of England I don't
know I guess it's like the FBI no we're
not in trouble enough like that this is
the big meeting we're having we're gonna
be working together and do something
amazing for you guys and we'll see how
the meeting goes ready you ready I'm
ready for the first time going like you
know big police station time we're early
without me getting in trouble and we're
early everybody for now we're not super
kind of late and I'm like I'm not
jumping so it feels good to actually
going to put the station not being in
trouble and their work or shoot so look
at these birds look at these really cute
Birds
these kids these amazing kids
excuse me cannot touch your hair wow we
have amazing here how are you are you
doing good do you you want a mess
anyone a Netflix and gel or actually
what I did you want to necklace each
other what do you want to watch
Oh Lois TV friends huh Game of Thrones
yeah get a French one let's torch
together I want my lunch I love it's
kind of a deep
what do you got for you guys
Muslim Westminster was non-stop
Westminster Westminister yeah Nadu
chatter - what's Minister High School
yeah what grade 11 well your 11th grade
level we just got done with the meeting
it was amazing huge shout out to the
Scotland Yard's everybody I was there
you guys were so nice I like knowing me
it's something for a good cause for you
guys so hopefully autumn like great well
let you guys know I'm still not gonna
say it out more information about I'll
say it it's always end of the vlog you
have any thoughts on the meeting any
thoughts on the meeting what few changes
anything changes school is gonna be
amazing positive changes so hopefully
she'll that all goes well we're back at
the hotel I'm gonna go out gave me some
coffee because I am so sleepy so I'm on
a swaggy board ride just chill I'm
getting the hang of it once I get really
good at it me and I was gonna try to do
some choreography - I remember we'll go
to the Chris bond concert there was 10
people with the swaggy board and all of
them were like doing these sick like cry
if you move so I'm gonna try to do some
little dance or I might hit the Quan I
might just do the clown without the
swanky bar and because a lot of you guys
have been asking me Adam do you know how
to do the Quan I'm like yeah I always do
a quad but I don't want to put the music
on on the vlog channel cuz YouTube
always Flags my video so I don't I don't
like putting music much like that and
that's like wanting to nothing or maybe
I can put it if YouTube allows that
where did he go
you got a motorcycle that is regular
seriously guys this will make you lazy
will make you not wanna walk anymore so
has good things to it but also bad
things good thing is you don't have to
walk back
you never want to walk again yo you'll
get hit by a car
Hey
all right guys so it's time to wrap up
this vlog hope you all enjoyed this vlog
I know this vibe is kind of short but
this just isn't my week at all I feel
like I don't know I just feel I just
feel so down and I blame myself for all
of this it's all my fault for feeling
down and feeling this way and I'm not
just saying that so you guys can feel
bad if like that because it truly is my
fault and I blame myself for how I'm
feeling this week it was supposed to be
an amazing week and it is this is going
on amazing but I just I just feel down
that right I just feel down so yeah it
has been going amazing today in the
meeting went amazing it was so positive
so amazed as of now with the
boxer-briefs modeling thing yesterday
some of you guys got it all wrong just
because the title was I'm becoming an
underwear model a lot of you guys just
judged it by the title and started like
making this crazy comments but I am NOT
I already canceled canceled everything I
told the people of that company do not
release any pictures of me I will not
release any pictures of myself I've
changed my decision I will not be doing
it and I'm not just doing it because I'm
saying oh you guys I don't want no
negative energy out of my doing by the
way letting the negative people get to
you but I did realize I didn't make a
stupid decision so I can't so I'm not
gonna do it all that is gone but I'm
still I'm still feeling down I don't
know I just feel like you know those
moves when you feel so down and just
like you don't do nothing you shouldn't
stay in bed and do nothing
I've been in bed a little like for five
hours took a little nap and I don't know
it's just it's just I feel like I feel
like I let a lot of you guys down and
like that and there's some stuff I do
not even want to talk about cuz some
people jump straight into conclusions
like I know I smoke hookah I know I
smoke Kisha I do not smoke weed do drugs
I do not drink alcohol do none of that I
mean I don't blame some of you guys for
think of that cuz a lot of people are
like oh you look like you drink by the
way you dress oh you look like a player
by the way you dress oh you look like
you smoke weed by the way you dress so
I'm like how should I dress to not look
like to look like a good person I mean
yes I know who gives a heck what the
people say who who gives a fuck what
people think I stuff like that but
sometimes sometimes does get to me it
makes me feel like down but I just feel
like I need some I need some alone time
so today and tomorrow I'm just gonna be
chilling and having some alone time
maybe going out and just chillin
hopefully all goes well and I promise
you guys I will be back tomorrow with an
amazing vlog or the day after too
hopefully it all turns out great I'm
just gonna be chillin I'm sorry for
whatever if anyone is being mad at
friend in with the boxer briefs or with
anything I'm not doing the boxer briefs
model anything anymore not doing it just
cause are you gonna get hate cuz it's
doing it if I wanted to do it I would
have done it but I realized it was a
stupid decision and what was I doing
like yeah but I just hate being so
stressed I just want to make people
smile and when I see me doing the
opposite to people it just I feel like I
feel guilty I feel like I'll let you
like I let a lot of people down if I
made them feel bad so I apologize for
that and I'm so sorry and I promise
nothing stupid like that will happen
yeah if anything stupid happens again I
promise you guys can come and you guys
can beat me up so yeah yeah I will see
you guys soon
I love you guys so much to me guys say
so you guys are the only ones that keep
me up I know it's just been a horrible
it's been horrible past couple days a
lot of people go through a lot of stuff
that are worse we need to keep our
prayers out there with the people in the
Middle East the people in Syria the
people in Yemen and everything I'm here
I'm feeling down there's a lot of people
were feeling worse so we're going
through so much worse losing their
family losing everything so always be
thankful just cuz I'm having a week that
I'm feeling down there like that trust
me Allah will give you another week that
will be so amazing and it'll make up for
the week that feeling down and you will
know the true people who always stick
with you when you're feeling down and
bring you up so those people always be
remembered who help you when you're down
to bring you up and not just be with you
when you're up when you're feeling down
you're like you know what who cares
about them I'll see you guys soon take
care of do me Hank I love you guys and
once again I'm so sorry if I let anyone
down seriously you guys have been so
much amazing to me so so much support
and I feel like I haven't given you guys
enough like enough smiles or or anything
like that but I'll see you guys soon
take care and peace I love you that's
the real smile looks awesome washes
washes I'm a smile Ferrell and i'ma go
watch Netflix and chill by myself please
take out guys I love you always a fan
I'm sure that those dead let me wipe
them away I know that's what you say
