oh my god what you two
hey guys what's up it do me gang I hope
y'all doing great because I'm doing
great and I'm smiling so if I'm doing
great I'm smiling you should be doing
great should be smiling too
I'm in Times Square right now and
there's people protesting in the middle
of the street
right in the middle street they're not
letting the cars go this is crazy
I started vlogging really late today
it's about 10 p.m. at night it's Monday
but it feels like a Friday because
there's no school this whole week so
like everybody's outside I've been so
tired all day so I've been laying in bed
sleeping you guys do not know how long
it takes like whenever I edit whenever I
have blogs whenever I upload vlogs takes
so long it might look easy but it really
isn't it takes me like hours and hours
and I just needed some rest today so I
hope you guys don't mind that but I feel
better than ever right now I can scream
out loud that's how good I feel don't
you hate when you hang out with people
and down on their phones like wherever
you go they just fossil realize it this
is bad for you get hit by a car bro what
are you doing what are you doing the
plane is don't skate oh these guys are
crazy into the game what is it remember
that game I told you I told Adam about
it I thought I told you to download it
it's go ahead walk I'm on Adela what is
that yeah it's like a zombie game that
you're promising a survivor and I mean
like you have like a whole team and shit
and army yeah and you get to fight like
zombies shit you have to plan it out
like give them water your team water and
give the defense troop to find your base
yeah so I'm finding zombies no I have it
see the light of Life yeah these are all
zombies against my troops I don't know
how much troops oh I might die so kill
him
got it do it yeah I'm killing right now
look I'm dying I'm dying I'm dying
oh I die much I always try to get to
games like I downloaded this game and oh
my god I he's been gave me addicted to
it was good this is a right there dad I
like the concept of it this one cuz it's
an apocalypse and the zombies like my
lady turning me to like iPhone like
iPhone 6 gaming or something like that I
think this is here how much I'm coming
oh yeah a lot of troops you need to get
a lot of troops and I got mad at sick
sick army yeah that's crazy
oh I barely have enough troops you know
me I'm again the dummy game army let me
tell you that's your life in the bottom
and I said is I'm gang bang each other
chisel and two nice you take three times
hey shall I show you for smart people I
love you guys are smart enough to plate
as well but smart is this about strategy
download that walk that but let me know
if it's this crazy strategy like it it
just makes you so competitive but I say
could you like you upgrade your basement
and you level up I love I love cat he's
kind of gave me level up and stuff but
you have to be malleable this whole art
graffiti looks so nice this looks
beautiful B no one messes it up right
over here they got a picture of Donald
Trump why is he doing here this like his
house is honking hey Donald Donald oh
forget it nevermind that's a good idea I
think someone's in it might be Donald
Trump
hey guys what's up this is you said
Adams nephew so he told me to boil six
eggs but he doesn't know that I know
which ones are boils look I got the
mayor so let's play the egg Roulette
challenge but I'm gonna make it the egg
Roulette challenge prank
Adam is eating right now I'm about to
call him right now we're gonna start the
challenge let's do this hey guys what's
up I'm Adam and I'm using we're gonna be
doing the egg Roulette challenge so I
didn't get to vlog that much today so I
decided to do a little fun challenge for
you guys if you guys do not know how the
game goes it goes something like this we
have a dozen of eggs six of them or raw
eggs and six of them or boiled eggs we
mix up all the eggs we do not know which
ones are wrong which ones are boiled so
it's hard to look whichever one you
touch that's when you get so whichever
one you touch that's when you can't
shake it
you can't listen to it you can't hear it
you can't feel it so whichever one in
touch that's what when you're doing it
okay whoever has the most raw eggs on
them they lose and they get to do a
crazy dare at rock-paper-scissors and
we'll see you goes first I'm ready
Rock Paper Scissors shoot and who goes
first me
yo I won good yeah
all right I did have to be careful
machine oh yeah a little hat on a hat
off this is gonna get real miss okay oh
my gosh
I'll get this one okay no slipping on
the back oh my god what you 200 what a
fail this oh my god ah okay oh go ahead
hurry up - sticky go magic you got to do
my psychic powers I have already touched
that's what you're getting
my finger is going to this one oh all
right touch Tessa go oh I can't trust
this man this go hard you can't go
you're gonna splash on me go oh here you
go
oh that's not funny oh all right I'm
gonna do it my eyes closed okay
oh but okay oh I gotta do a fast this is
so scary
oh my god this is disgusting is so nasty
one - ah you got all my oh my god what
you have such bad luck oh my god who's
insane I'm mr. egghead
it's an please make her off he's make
her off my psychic challenges make it
raw a little bit yeah hurry up okay
that just looks rotten and raw oh then
why mix us up what the heck
ha like oh man how you keep getting
hard-boiled eggs things beginner's luck
or something oh my god oh that's right
I'm gonna just choose to the left to the
left
everything oh man back to the left ready
ready oh my god you smash it let me go
you do this you know he's a typo go go
go let's go aah oh my god this is
unbelievable
oh my god oh I know what it is I didn't
say bismillah when I started I did not
say bismillah you said Miss Vilar
I said this man he said this is my
lesson as well oh my god go get me
smashing are you can smash your session
oh man you got bad luck today out of
anyone's mention go yes yeah
ready go I'm hopeful would too Oh what
the heck bro yo you got some superpowers
this one right you know me do it
not if I'm a good-ass 101 wait say happy
thank you for reminding me
bismillah Ready Set ahhh you guys uh
Vince when you say you guys that's what
happens when you say bismillah glitch
good stuff at me jack I got a
hard-boiled egg nothing no now you can
eat it like no mmm dude you just I hope
you at least get one raw egg roll up
like this he loved it okay okay raw egg
bro hey bro hey bro hey bro high school
size allows a tiny gap one oh this one
another cargo oh oh my god I'm gonna
stick this one right right oh oh my gosh
oh yeah how do you know who the boy
alone alright guys so we're about to do
our last egg we're gonna do at the same
time so
hopefully it turns out great Elvia one
my egg roll we only got one app add mom
chat four or five I got one ready-set-go
same time yeah Ready Set I'm gonna do
this one closer to camera one two three
go
oh this is disgusting boo this is so
nasty
oh my gosh not fit for you hello
children are discussing damn that can't
even be bad luck 9 oh my god like guys
this is a C and say something what and
beware all the hard-boiled eggs
say wha yeah well I'm not giving it goes
Oh tell me
Oh Oh kill you live in such an a
Butthead bro oh my gosh
oh sweet children moving but by you lost
now I got it there you no no no not you
lost you disqualify you lost
I'm giving you a there now no I told you
this is what we're gonna do you guys are
gonna leave a dare down below in the
comments that he should do tomorrow
outside and I'll be choosing the most
embarrassing there because he deserves
to do something really crazy for putting
me through all of this and it'll be up
in tomorrow's vlog uh uh yeah little
punk rocker alright guys so it's time to
wrap up this little challenge I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you enjoyed it on my
rider dad UMI's make sure you give it a
thumbs up and gum turkey come in to the
hey yeah
I say go turkey go turkey and we'll see
you guys tomorrow with his daylights
gonna be doing
take care I love you guys I'm gonna go
take a shower with my bath bomb I might
I might like it for tomorrow's vlog so
you guys might see you might see a cool
bath bomb in tomorrow's vlog I'll see
you guys soon take care
I love you guys make sure I subscribe
but almost at 500,000 subscribers on
this channel and almost had nine hundred
thousand subscribers on the main channel
so thank you guys so much follow me
support I see you guys soon take care
and peace I love you I'm here for you
always in fashion promise you that
bullshit
let me wipe em away okay this would
choose to say
you
