hey guys what's up it do me yank I hope
you all a habit an amazing day because I
am gonna be having an amazing day in
Charlotte so if I'm having an amazing
day you guys should be having amazing
luck you guys got it always happens when
I turn on the camera
everybody just shows up and they're
always wear my hats my hangout son guys
I only got five hours of sleep cuz these
people right here they go in my room to
take my clothes they leave they come in
here they score on the little board of
the overboard yeah but I got a shovel oh
my god he wants to go out he knows we're
going out cuz I got my shoes on so he
knows I'm going out again luckily he's
looking at himself in there guys I got
some I don't know if it's bad news or if
it's good news or if it's cute news but
I just found this out today I was
looking at Muslim closely and I see his
teeth he's gonna have a gap in his tooth
you know those little gaps that he have
over here right there he's gonna have
that when he gets older I can see it
like you can already see it I personally
think it's really cute and it's
something different but he's gonna need
braces when he grows up
I just found out today so I was like
what the heck like say to you see teeth
look at the camera see T's T's you see
it uh you can see it say cheese I think
it's really cute and I'm gonna give him
a nickname I'm gonna call you I'm a calm
a little gap boy puttin you finger my
mouth
when I'm out smile he smiles whenever I
get mad he gets someone had like this
watching specialist I'm a smile he's
gonna smell my just say T look guys see
and now watch this I'm a crying I'm a
get Mau me up okay that was re I'm
joking you just got outside it is a
beautiful day to look so wait wait you
all wear my hats you guys look good we
all know like a hat gang like guys doing
under the funniest together II see this
this my mom saw it and she was like she
thought it was something to exercise
with so she was like oh my god can I
have it imma go exercise within such a
park my mom this makes you not exercise
it makes you like do the opposite take
care of him take every careful be
careful doing right huh go on it's right
sure okay guys I'm gonna tell you guys
to this place where I always get my bath
bombs you guys were asking me where I
get my bath bombs from so I'm gonna show
you guys real cool spot it's the best
bath bombs ever Ramona but I can do
nothing this is really cool I use this
one before you this one's no thanks
stinks no it smells good smells my
favorite color this was most really good
I smell my nose sorry the smokin best
thing about New York City is the pizza
and always say this but whenever we go
out we're always on our pizza ratchet
dates this is how it'll look if
someone's on a date with you come on do
something
whoo what's five plus five what seven
plus seven
six and a half hours later what's 9+10
what's up guys I just met the homie I'm
due there yeah Dule was that he came
talking my shows a couple of couple
years back right yeah a couple years ago
so he's a real home right shows a lot of
love and support say what's up buddy
shout-out to anybody my shout out to
just even you know what's up I don't
know
Thank You me right clear time in the
city right now at 34th Street Herald
Square one of my second cool places in
their exam waiting for slim submit in
about 20-30 minutes and he hasn't showed
up out of my waiting you know 10-15
minutes it only goes over that is just
like I start getting like fidgety and I
start moving so I start eating food and
this is what happens when you make me
wait for so long I got a banging Nutella
waffle I'm actually glad that I'm
waiting because I get to have you know a
cool Nutella waffle you know sandwich
eating you know
two hours later Lucas broke two hours
hair loss to our way to pick out our man
in a big city but I finally showed up
we're in Long Island right now with the
homie Arvid obviously without
what's up guys good we're here in Long
Island and why this play what sick of
body art small yard Palio it's like a
dance studio so he I was just I was just
I'm talking yes ma'am yeah I'll wash it
I'm gonna get some dance lessons for you
guys here on you guys I'm gonna turn
like and we're gonna stop doing like
some Chris Brown I'll teach you belly
dance unless you teach me hip-hop and
all so he's gonna teach me that and I'm
gonna teach you Bollywood hop up and
then we'll make a club I've seen the
house like a pinky promise I break the
pinkie one that I write the - that's
sick this is sick he'll be like better
than Christmas
I'm with takes of this letter soon and
and who we don't like us like so if you
guys are not no slim raps and Arman
never know you never knew some raps I
never knew slim rap show me other track
what's up guys we're here at this
restaurant in Long Island introducing as
a home you guys haven't met in his name
is Nick so what uh panic Nick Jonas was
good
Nick you never heard is the song yeah I
think
I'm sure yo wake up I'm sorry oh I don't
like with you I go to sleep I live like
we should have like with you so lean
back over there give me five minutes
we're gonna vlog a little bit ago
Austin is sleeping
Rema asleep and you were sleeping I got
to change Commodore mute and you gotta
let us know how was your first day of
school was it good I was the best to be
a favorite part of the day in school huh
favorite part of their what does it
what's the favorite part of their school
anything could be anything what is it
what is it now you look better when it's
closer close you think better when it's
closer to Jim you serious you look like
you're not in like you look like you're
in university or something you gonna
paint upgrade now but like you look
older like you look like you're in like
University you know I told him you go
you're not telling me now but you look a
little older I don't know anyways it was
a nice blogging with you go back to see
back good night before before we go to
sleep I want you to do one thing okay no
I want you to do one thing all right I
want you to take like a nice selfie cuz
imma post it on the vlog channel and and
put your name like no I'm gonna give you
my phone I don't think I put you first
so it can be a good picture all right
did you see Jesus does anyone picture
refresh then you're gonna do the selfie
okay say cheese
I already did it to Ramon Rustin and
nausea
that was a really sick Lutz that's a
sick picture I had this one gonna take
us out there like a grown it that's
right now as it was a prank hi guys so
it's time to wrap up this vlog hope you
all enjoy this fly if you did and you
made it to the end this vlog
- oh my ride-or-die dummies make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so much for being so
amazing and I'll see you guys tomorrow
with another daily vlog take care and
peace for you
always a fan let me write them away
this would choose astray
