hey guys what's up and do me and I hope
you all are having a great day because I
am having a great day and if I'm having
a great day you should be having a great
day today we're gonna be going to where
we're going to go on to celebrate our
Iman Muslims birthday yeah we're gonna
turn up today you guys gonna see the
whole Adams family today so should be
ruled literally though cool so it should
be fun we're gonna turn up and let's see
how this goes
guys I swear I'm not even joking today I
did not take one shower I did not take
two showers today I took three showers
today and a bubble bath with some bath
bombs and bath soap and I'll scrub
myself all up and down because of that
lady yesterday it was just so scary and
a really weird experience but I'm really
I have dying left and right now I are
tweets I know I'm not Twitter much like
that by still do soccer tweets and I
still do see who retweets myself who
favors myself so thank you to everybody
who retweets and still shows a lot of
love when I'm barely on Twitter but I'm
looking at a choice right now slim
you're such an ass ass when he created
this whole thing where like me and the
lady I say are like each other's lovers
like oh so wrong but like it's so funny
but oh my god so I would get you back
for this look look at this video like oh
my god oh my god oh oh so we're done you
guys are crazy I swear I'm gonna
you all imma fight every single one best
word so everybody who goes crazy on this
Bonta I'm gonna fight you guys all when
I see you guys so yeah I'm just talking
about you guys are crazy
we're heading to the birthday party
right now even my dad is there like my
dad never goes to like birthday party
birthday party is gonna be in
chuck-e-cheese I didn't want to go to
Chuck E Cheese because it's so ratchet
but you know the Adams family's super
ratchet so Remo was like begging going
crazy that must be chunky cheese or else
she's gonna go crazy so it's gonna have
to be in chucky cheese happy late
birthday
I like your shirt gel it's nice
let's go champ Wow okay hit me
this dude is crazy I'm joking take it
off - that's it no more hitting I've
noticed there's a lot of new people
watch the daily vlogs so I'm gonna
introduce you guys one by one to the
Addams Family we're gonna tell you their
age we're gonna tell you their name and
I'm gonna tell you something about them
okay this is stay up he's 3 years old
and he's one of the craziest he's one of
my craziest stuff is he's so bad like if
there's anyone who's one of my baddest
nieces and nephews part of the atom
family stay have is the baddest of them
all
this is my older brother he's rimas dad
and my son's dad this is hamza he's 11
years old and he's one of he's one of my
coolest nephew moving through a lot
we've been through a lot with each other
and he's wearing my shirt so as I have
this shirt and like we switch we have
the same shirt so we switched what is he
doing this is Reema she just turns four
years old Reema is you guys probably not
remind I have to say anything so it's
just hated he's 10 years old and she's
one of the sweetest and nicest pieces so
sometimes sometimes she can't be evil so
this is my youngest new boss and his
birthday he's 1 years old he is the
cutest
this is my dad he's 25 years old
yeah and he's the real OG he's a king of
Adam again
this is your man he's six years old and
tell him something about yourself like
chocolate
juh man he's another one of my crazy
nephews he's also so sweet like he
always shows so much love and he always
shows so much appreciation so I love you
so much
this is Dina she's 2 years old she loves
watching me on the blogs but she hates
me in person why I'm here with crema
he's my homegirl she's at the board then
he had the party with she's like my
bestie she said she's my neighbor and my
bestest aw yeah she says she's like my
best
my god I feel so bad that was the
funniest thing ever
I'm so sorry I love you yes--she oh my
God look at me sleeping and eating I
just stole my shirt well Hans is sure
thanks waiting just take a picture with
muslin so we can be matching for the
Instagram pictures if you guys haven't
seen it if you go check it out I am
Chuckie dance
dances like a deal
man is right there
the ratchet honey is right there he's
coming we were such a fangirl of
chuck-e-cheeses I want to tell you why
you good boy so ready guys I almost
forgot yeah what is love you may have
heard the Chinese his birthday so unless
you do a lot of you do have it you clap
your hands
who's the most ratchet that we ever Wow
Wow does it became me what the heck I
thought I was gonna be king
like it's money on its birthday so
ratchet oh my god my birthday's a
ratchet let me know the comments below
what's more a my birthday party are
this birthday party I'm thinking this
this is way more ratchet so how many
tickets you got this is like they won
the lotto ISM like they won the lottery
ISM this is ratchet way to live the best
part of this birthday party is a red
velvet mixed with chocolate cake
my two favorite cakes mixed together
only Mawson who sleep on his birthday
party he was awake about imma turn you
to a princess
we added pretty much she's the princess
what the heck
sit exam button hot transportation right
so
over budget
lazy
bkv I was loading so I just got home and
I'm SuperDuper tired from this ratchet
birthday party and I just want to talk
to you guys and tell you guys thank you
guys so much for the past couple
vloggers you guys have been showing so
much love and a thumbs up the past
couple of logs have been reaching over
10,000 thumbs up it just shows that you
guys are enjoying these daily vlogs so I
should say thank you so much for the
bottom of heart thank you guys so much
for always you know having a vlog to
reach 10,000 times up kin this vlog
reached 10,000 thumbs so thank you so
much for inspiring me motivating me and
seriously making me smile I'm certain
will up up the growth the vlog thank you
for watching every day give me thumbs up
and give it okey I see gossip tomorrow
peace I love you too
always a feather I'm strapped full tooth
let me wipe him away okay this would
choose the sleigh
