why you touch me right here
hey listen Duma gay
hip y'all all having baby cuz I'm the
baby so I am the baby you're the day
they asked them
I don't camera Remo what are you doing
hey guys what's up at dawn me Hank I
hope you all are having a great day
because if I'm having a great day you
guys should be having a great day I'm
having an amazing day today Reema I
don't know what you're doing
stealing my camera stuff so she's in
trouble right now
yeah this she's in trouble she okay okay
okay she's not allowed to use her car
the pink car that I gave her for a week
because should I tell them why come over
here and tell them why you're not
allowed to to drive it for one week
come come good
what dag did she just say she's not
allowed to drive it because she
accidentally because she says was by
accident she ran over moss and she did a
hit-and-run
she hit most and she ran away to Rome
Muslims crying this was when I was in
here so I heard about it and she's not
allowed to drive it for a week so Rima I
need to give you some cool you know
driving lessons I know I don't have my
driving license yet which I am gonna be
getting soon but I'm still gonna be
teaching you Rima okay Remo can you tell
us why you ran over my son with the car
yeah
no dad Dina Remo stop always putting the
blame on Dina why did you run over
Muhsin with the car mmm Dina
rimas she's at the pub uh what make sure
you look left and right when you drive
okay Dina this girl would not give up
whatever she does she'll blame it on
someone else and she'll pretend like
where she'll be like you know who's
losing me she'll pretend like nothing
happened with my hair what the heck
she's wearing my shoes should I shave it
all off or should I keep it Rima should
I shave my ass should I keep it why you
guys let me know the comfortable should
I shave my head off or shall keep it y
TP okay why I didn't want to only get
mine out of that yeah bad you don't want
it like Jomon Hamza yeah you like mine
yeah I like you look back okay
okay then I don't know I'm still
thinking about it you guys let me know I
want to see your opinion on that and
maybe I will maybe I won't I don't know
I don't know mostly okay
rise and shine hey baby what's up what's
wrong huh
I just want to say my thoughts and
prayers go out to the people who passed
away today in Mecca it's so sad I was
seeing pictures today and it was like
the sandstorm is thunderstorms you guys
don't know about 60 to 80 people died in
about 200 people were injured so it's so
sad so it's all everything goes well my
guys with the oh my god hi this is Kylie
I just want to tell you guys that I just
see my sister Kendall
how are you are the senior for so long
you okay I'm going already
what have you heard about like what
happens my heels
I told the guys to give me five and a
half inches of heels he gave me five and
three quarters of heels you supposed to
cry I'm Tiger way over here in NYC guys
a night it's it's mrs. Garber obviously
in about a week I know obviously the
resolve our school man to my working
shit position school again until they
robbed me son who they're all my school
to run my bacon vodka they brought me in
a nice a split University it makes heavy
more like I got so I just met these shy
girls from Hamsterdam hello hello hold
them they're all sisters I call them the
car - uses you know you guys are cooler
you guys are cool
who's nice beautiful
whenever I meet you guys I want to talk
and have like a carnival in a
conversation too but you guys just want
to like a picture and just leave and
just not say anything it so it gets
awkward sometimes like right now I'll
shine have like a combo and talk and
then I seem like the creep that seems
like a cube traveler talk and have a
combo but if you guys ever meet me or me
any of us make sure you talk with us
show that talk you know I just get like
preach and just leaving be gone and just
that's it actually yes why you touching
make sure I'm not nerds do you see
don't know you I don't
miss I am sorry
what are you doing our brain is I'm nice
what are you doing here we outro up what
is good I'm telling my baby
mister please yo this is so scary oh my
god we're gonna go psycho go yes please
up I want you to get hurt I want you get
hurt please stuff save is all your fault
mo fuck is this for Mitchell oh oh oh
snip
boys good good stop I can't write
thank you
this is over guys I was really walking
just came out of nowhere doing open she
came out of nowhere literally asking a
little slimmer we're over here hey man
that's great dude is here in this space
oh my god she's right there look crazy I
see anybody looking at all they give me
any what a crazy bitch say slow I'm
scared of thought what the hell my heart
is beating relation you did know me
wrong I you to let me love me baby bro
you can see the care of you know the
cops gone up to a solution to my
heartburn come on
hey you guys just homies what screw you
guys go to school I had to go to Medina
school for a while so if you shout out
to new school today thank you so much
this will happen being him walking I'm
drinking my coffee she came out of
nowhere just Yoshi
she came in ocean I have some calls and
I was the only what we doing with this
temple dad's camera started filming her
like harassing me stuff so if you guys
want to see his side and this point of
view is craziness with this lady
go to the link down below when you guys
will see it that's where the twin towers
are at looks really sick like two lights
going up the Freedom Tower was right
there goes all the way up there look to
the sky we just met the home in crime
huh
- what I was good was good a homie right
heroin he just um yeah this is not
normal Dana's like no he just broke I
mean I food sick 6s I'm in Ohio RSS 6s
iphone six-plus whoa this bro
Michelle they got some super powers or
something this dude is why would you
break it huh don't madam it'll fix it he
was mad but she'll laugh it'll be well
he'll be happy
oh I'm for six-plus gone can you connect
it and fix it back he'll again he'll run
for it before and after why this crazy I
haven't boom you know schedule what's
inside of it is like nothing it's barely
anything inside and it works so good
okay trust me high-tech why just close
it for 10 seconds
also as we killed keep walking keep
walking and Gohan just keep walking
give me some super skee-ball get on keep
walking
I'm just the one oh it's killing it
that located junket ARIMA and it killed
him
hey come on hey hey Sara sir I got so
it's time to wrap up this blog hope you
all enjoyed this really weird of life if
you guys enjoyed the fire guys made it
to the end this vlog over here make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey
thank you so much doom again for all the
support guys I've been showing on a
daily vlogs it truly means the world
tomorrow I'll be having a birthday party
with Rima and muss and finally after
like a week or two later we're going to
be celebrating and chilling and turning
up fight a party so hopefully I'll chill
that great I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care or peace I know I'm here for
you always a fathom I'm just good at
bullshit let me wipe em away this would
choose to say
