the really sad thing about this was the
woman the hijab' woman she did not
understand nothing hey guys what's up at
do me gang hope you all having a great
day I am heading to the airport and if
you have an hour to spare so I'm here
chillin with Ania say hi Aniyah hi Dalia
what's my name look what she thinks my
name is my name she's my name is Rima my
name is not Remus Adam say Adam add that
Adam Adam you want to give a message to
Rima tell Missy Rima me Arriba I'm
heading home so we're gonna chill out
for a bit here new care for my last
hours and head back home Maggie she are
disclosed what happened ah what yeah how
it gets you in fact you know miss me yes
I can't leave UK without getting some
Nando's we're gonna have some an awesome
orange juice tastes so good they need to
make this in New York City anybody in
New York City was watching you guys
haven't tasted Nando's taste so good
Barack Obama you're watching this please
put Mentos in New York City please we
got the Nando's the fries I mean the
chips the rice the peri-peri sauce just
got to the airport I'm heading to New
York City right now I just want to say
thank you so much to the UK all the love
you guys have shown throughout this last
week I will be back in October and I
have a couple more cities surprises that
I'm gonna be going to assume that I will
let you guys know about so hope it all
turned out well gonna go get a coffee
almost every single day I need to get
ice coffee to keep me awake I remember
too bad
a good thing but makes you smile so I
like an iced coffee would you guys like
hot coffee iced coffee
I love iceberg I never drink hot coffee
no matter how cold it is
I never drink hot coffee I just met the
homie always is going to New York City
for the first time
first-timer i'ma show you around I'll
get mad about so like two back if you
want me to figure this fun Schwieger go
out I'll show around there - don't be
still before promise you got to go with
the lifers
we oughtta go I sit on the back they put
the Muslims in the back they put the
Muslims in the back my year she's all
the way the back but it's not his we're
next to each other but not next
oh my god I can't replace it
baby I'll try to put
good day
first I've been here yeah my advice
welcome to mercy it's my home I love you
yeah I'm sticking with
I'm ready second guys something so crazy
happen is like so unbelievable
thank you it is really hot here in New
York City was so cold in London and I'm
in a I'm in a great mood because I'm at
home on my bad more to something so I
was just so again was what is that these
are not the first thing I do is this
they're walking thank you guys picking
me up
happy he's right through us into a happy
late birthday we're gonna turn up the
speed just few hand from Watson and
prima and I'm so happy to see my daddy
and my family go see them right now Oh
huh putting some music for my dad Hey
look at me did you miss me yeah yes a
lot or a little bit ah me cos I haven't
seen her for so long
every time I don't see her for like a
week feels like like seven years and the
scenery but look look at this you've
been riding your your car whoa go on
ready spin what's that was it look how
much your mother loves it's alright oh I
got something to show you
you tell me who it is again who is this
uh Ania
you ready watch it there hi Anaya hi
Amaya I miss you I miss you I will see
you soon in the UK or in America ah
we're gonna steal Moses he knows how to
give kisses now he always gives kisses
give me kiss who was that
who is it give me cuz that's his kiss
give me a kiss on my cheek Hey
kiss me right there right there then
guess what
hey this is good
don't touch my beard kiss me don't bite
me don't lick my dick
kiss me good what's up a do me gang I am
back here home in New York City
you guys are not on today September 10
and if you guys are watching this now
right now is September 11th which is 14
years after the 9/11 attacks and I want
to share with you guys something that
happened today at the airplane so I was
heading to the airport in London heading
to New York City I know it was September
10th which is one day before September
11th so it was kind of it was kind of
awkward for me not Muslim and knowing
that every time it's September 11th you
know it's the day where US Muslims get
you know the most hate the most you know
blaming the most accusations and stuff
like that so I was I was already feeling
something I knew something something was
was gonna happen so I got to the airport
everything was going great
I want to saw the airplane i sat down it
didn't feel like it was the day before
9/11 inside the plane that was in there
was about 200 people and about half of
them were Jewish people the the
religious Jewish people who have the
curls in the Hat and there was a couple
couple Muslim people a couple hijabis a
couple you know bearded Muslims and a
couple of British people and a couple of
just American just white Americans I was
in American Airlines and in American
Airlines they serve alcohol and I was
sitting next to this American white man
and he was getting so many drinks of
alcohol and drinking
back-to-back-to-back and I was I was so
like I'm so annoyed because I'm trying
to sleep and he's they're getting
non-stop drinks and I can smell his
breath whenever he's talking I could
smell him even when he's not breathing I
can when he's not even looking at me I
can still smell him which smells really
bad and I'm there trying to sleep the
flight from London to New York was about
six to seven hours about three hours
pass everything was going great nothing
nothing was happening
but I was still a sad feeling like I
don't know I still have you don't have
that feeling something's gonna happen or
something not so good is gonna happen
well that's the feeling that was
happening I was trying to sleep by the
pillow behind me and everything and the
guy kept he just kept making so much
noise I felt like he was up to something
he kept looking around and moving so
much going up to use the bathroom
coming back to sit down about the third
time he wants to go use the bathroom he
wants agrees about them he came back and
there was this head jabya lady who's
pretty around the age of thirty five
forties old who's sitting in front of me
she was alone who did not know a word of
English which I figured out after so the
guy wants to use the bathroom he came
back and while he was coming back from
the bathroom there was a couple
turbulence going on because I was like a
little storm in York City so I was a
couple of turbulence going on he almost
fell on the hijab' lady and I was there
I kind of woke up I kind of woke up to
see what was going on he didn't do
anything he kinda almost fell he went
back up and then I heard him saying this
to the hijab' lady whoa you're
terrifying especially knowing that 9/11
is tomorrow and then he sat back down
next to me and he kept mumbling and
saying I'm actually pretty nervous that
I'm sitting behind this woman I'm I'm
afraid I don't know I don't want to say
anything but is 911 tomorrow I couldn't
believe what he said so I got up I
started staring at him there was another
white man next to us who continued to
laugh with him and that guy that was
talking to the jabber lady was staring
at me he didn't know I was Muslim so he
kept talking to me as if I'm gonna laugh
too I'm not gonna lie but I kind of got
really really angry seeing the whole
issue happen while he was saying the
ignorant stuff to the hijab' lady I
grabbed his shoulder and I told him that
she's my sister but she's not really my
sister well she is my sister in Islam
but she's not like my blood sisters in
the beginning when I was talking to him
when I told him that she's my sister I
was really aggressive to him I told him
if you talk to my sister like that again
I'm gonna punch you in your face he got
so scared he started apologizing to me
to tell me do you know how many people
died during 9/11 do not many innocent
people innocent children died during
9/11 I was so angry and I was so tempted
but I calmed myself down and I told him
do you know how many innocent Muslims
died after nine
eleven did you know that millions of
Muslims in the Middle East died after
9/11 because they were blamed for it did
you know that I was bullied for so many
years after 9/11 you're doing the same
thing right now to my sister did you
know that my mom got rocks thrown at her
after 9/11 did you know that Muslim
woman got their head jobs pulled after
9/11 and the funny thing is everyone
knows that it was an inside job but
you're too ignorant to know that so go
get your facts straight and learn what
Islam is even about and you guys want to
know what happened after that a
religious Jewish man who had the like a
religious Jew one of the girls and
everything he went up to the guy and
told him stop bullying that woman you
have no right to even be blaming her for
doing and she's innocently in the plane
trying to travel somewhere and you're
here drunk bullying her for no reason
the really sad thing about this was the
woman the hijab' woman she did not
understand nothing that was going on but
she knew she knew that that guy was
seeing some racist some racist stuff to
her but she did not know what was going
on she looked so depressed she looked so
sad and it seemed like it was their
first time going to America which was a
very bad impression and I tried to tell
her like I was being childlike sama
alaikum don't worry I was like trying to
speak to her like it's like don't worry
everything's gonna be fine I told on the
guy yes i snitched
yep i snitched i'm snitch yep yep i
snitch on the guy to one of the people
working in American Airlines and I told
them what happy they didn't do nothing
all they did was speak to him and he
ended up being quiet throughout the
whole plane ride after a couple hours
when we landed in New York City he
started getting his head straight he
started sobered up and he ended up
feeling so guilty so he went up to me I
try to apologize see me told me sorry
and I told him do not apologize to me go
apologize to my sister right there he
went up to the woman and he told her
sorry and he blamed it on himself for
being drunk but it made me feel so much
better they actually want to apologize
and it made me feel so good
seeing a Jewish man standing up for a
Muslim lady so huge respect to that
don't ever judge one person for a whole
religion or one person for a whole
country or one person for a whole
culture so I just want to give a huge
message to every Muslim out there on the
day of 9/11 to always stay strong and
don't let anything get to you if anyone
tries to be racist towards I give you
any hate remember
kill them with kindness because that's
the best way I really hope you guys stay
safe and stay strong today and to all
the innocent people to all the 3,000
people who died during 9/11 I should say
may they rest in peace
they weren't innocent so they will
always be in my hearts but also rest in
peace to the millions of Muslims who
have been dying the past couple years
for being blamed for 911 they're always
gonna be Mart's every single day and we
all of us will never forget about them
never take them away from my heart it's
time to wrap up this vlog I really hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog I'll see
you guys tomorrow another daily vlog
take care of DOMA gang I love you guys
and peace I like you
I'll go Turkey if you made it to the end
if you're watching this right now and
you made it here give it a thumbs up
I'll see you guys soon take care
peace I'm here for you
always a fan I'm shoot at those teeth
let me wipe em away okay this would
choose to say
