any last messages you want to say before
anything hey guys what's up or do me
getting this is Adam Saleh and I'm here
at the new Adams family house hey do me
gang this is the second to last day of
the year only have one more day and I
will finally complete the new year with
no missing vlog it do me gang I cannot
believe it haven't missed a day in 2017
hey do me game before we get the vlog
starter makes you guys subscribe because
2018 is gonna be an amazing amazing year
and you don't wanna miss out so
subscribe or do me a thumbs-up this vlog
and I'll see you guys come through it do
me again girl only like a day or two
away from my whole place being finally
done this is my mini boxing workout spa
I'm gonna save everything so like
another video and show you guys every
little part of my room this is a little
workout spot I do my gang as I told you
guys in a few days everything should be
done like the whole pad the mirror here
all the frames it should be done I need
to tell you guys a funny funny story so
me slimming the key we entered a lounge
oh this is so I had my fur hat on and
like a hoodie I was kind of like
covering myself up a little bit Nikki
had his happy this way in this he'll
like that like kind of like you know how
like I always want my house like that -
is there no like animal sit right there
left for me to keep us in - right of me
yeah and if you were like oh and then
the girls they got up they come toward
us and then like a horse all your videos
give me take your picture inhibition and
Aggie they're talking to him
yeah but the crazy thing is I looked at
in the cave and I was like Nikki just
play it off man be my stunt double I'm
not gonna say anything cuz that's that's
not a real man you know what my real
ones that me
even giving shoutouts and everything I
heard how I don't give shout out so I
just copied is that someone's like your
shouts what - Nick I was like hey Nick
talk to you man actually got a video of
it and it's right here girls whisper hey
he's fatter and uglier in person
no it would have been so funny if
someone in the middle would have just
caught you like I don't know what I
imagined hey you're not Hamza is always
playing video games what are you playing
yo slim do it Alonzo ball shot when you
shoot situation one more line Zabuza if
we watch a lot of NBA by the way like a
lot of basketball minute so every night
we're going to be watching it and it's
any option 2w yeah
some skill so just killing them oh my
god does it call it two best players
that I've seen play Call of Duty its
slim and the key man these guys are like
the Call of Duty that should be in-phase
man hey slim that's crazy bro check my
sissy sex yeah are you guys ready for
your announcement on January 6 yes how
excited are you
hey muffin are you excited about that
announcement do you know what's going on
in life
now you don't guys Marcin is always so
quiet Muhsin
what does a police car make what does a
fire fight by truck make the sound
what does it how does the dog sound how
does a cat sound how does the frog sound
what about a pig doobie gang today is a
nice birthday December 31st and now I
would love you so much a nice toy show
happy birthday to you happy birthday
night we love you in a duma gang I need
you guys to do me a favor
this is my gift for me tonight I want to
get a night to 15,000 subscribers before
the new year can we get our do me game
and give hundred like and comment any
video and I'll show you guys it's balls
like hey do me gang so I've seen a lot
of you guys telling me to watch this
video
it's titled we're going to see Adam
Saleh prank on little brother
he cries
what if I told you guys watch this y'all
feel so bad man this dude is evil man
but I like him he's dope wait and then
is he getting ready to go see Tibbs on
all of your birdies packed and ready to
go
okay how excited energy don't let how I
think where's mommy
I think Jolla means mother in Somali and
I think I feel bad already no no no tell
them annuli his older brother he got a
really good but I feel so bad oh my god
I feel really really bad but a doobie
gang I actually want to meet this kid so
I will message you and I need to find
out where you live I want to come and
meet you since I'm your favorite
youtuber I want to go see you so we're
gonna see how it goes but that's crazy
tweet me some more videos if you guys
want me to react some videos hey do me
gang I am now with Rema Rema salad
what's up how you doing
so as you guys know do me again
yesterday I uploaded a video saying my
message to my future wife
now remot she's gonna give her message
to my future wife and in the video
yesterday Remo was really really
emotional Buffy like today she's a new
she's a new person that she knows what's
going on so today Remo tell them the
message you want to give to my future
me too I'm gonna be baby means to you
I'm gonna I'm gonna be mean to them
message she just doesn't want them to be
me you want them to be nice
what else you want to say anything else
you want to say you want to be nice you
yeah yeah you're the princess yeah okay
do me gang that is the message that
remot gave to my wife and she's pretty
much saying be nice don't be mean not
just to me but also to her any last
messages you want to say before anything
real you scared my wife you scared my
future wife Eva I love you so much guys
thumbs up for Iman I love you thank you
so much for your feature message
seriously man I love Reba so so much
thank you so much
she has to know how to do it
she just said she needs to know how to
do the handshake so my future wife
doesn't know how to do the handshake
she shouldn't be my dad that's what
you're my future I have to do you want
her to know how to do that okay I guess
Riemann said she needs to you to know
how to do the handshake so yeah well
need you to do hey Jake do me gang I
just got the 7-eleven leg it's snowing
it's so cold man I didn't want to be
outside
hey I'm not smoking my gee I know
everyone in the UK and everyone around
the world you guys look at America like
oh 7-eleven those why Americans go this
is where we go to get like our snacks
literally our anything our food our
water coffee Slurpees whatever you want
they even got the Happy New Year hats
miss 7-elevens lit man 7-eleven run we
let this that's the biggest week rosette
you better put that back who are
you talking to Oh rope watch it comes on
China do this beer all better
respectable all right I'll prove this
man this kid at least a little bit
hi guys it is time to end this vlog I
just wanna say it's been an amazing
amazing past few days with the homies
right here in the keep slim such a man
yo Bravo that's all you guys man
this year 2080 even your Hamza your
heart slim your uncle slim not gonna
keep their they've been motivating this
my just let man even motivate him you
know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay
oh I wanted to tell you guys that this
year we're gonna start creating skits
just for fun we're gonna have fun crazy
kids and there's a skit that slim had an
idea about since 2012 since the day we
met yeah this was your first kiss do
what you grow dance we're supposed to be
the first-ever skit which was rebel
together in case you know everything
yeah everything he has the whole thing
written down he just told me now five to
six years later and he's telling me now
about the skit and when he told me this
good idea I was like what this is genius
man like it's gonna be a dope dope
scheme we're all gonna have fun put our
minds to it we're gonna have a whole
squad we're gonna go any hop one man I'm
gonna miss you guys but I'll see you
guys probably next year man in the house
next yeah yeah next year man Oh once
like the bed and everything is ready so
yeah I'm a rapid the vlog I hope you
guys been join the vlogs
I'm slim my channel love you guys I'll
see you guys tomorrow if you guys
enjoyed like matcha give it a thumbs up
take care peace like that
tonight cuz I saw a field girl and on a
rail will be doing the most tonight just
you and I girl I put on my need aside
from one-on-one session and you already
know
