no no I'll put on the simple hey guys
what's up it doom again good morning I
am having a great great morning I did
not get no sleep I slept around 4:30
a.m. and I'm up 7 a.m. already to go
have an amazing day takes an hour and
half to go there by a car so we might
just hop on the train real quick it
takes about 30 40 minutes to go on the
train hopefully it works out well either
this is where we're gonna go this is the
exciting thing we're gonna go we're
gonna go to the police station we're
gonna be in the back of a police car I'm
gonna see them chase criminals we're
gonna see them get calls get 999 calls
not 911 calls
we're gonna see them go whatever they do
like during the day and we're gonna be
back and back of the police car which is
getting to be really exciting and I'm so
excited I've always wanted to do
something like this so I'm ready to do
this if you guys already do this are you
guys ready to do this yes yes we are
let's go so baby please be who you wanna
be I know your father will be part of
where you're gonna be
so don't let any
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have any real loss in the tube
station this guy over here lives in the
UK and he doesn't know how do you even
take the train
how do you not know I've been driving
all night
it is so crowded Sri Lanka placing baby
I'll try to put naman
they will go today
this ain't America ah
no you do this in New York but you can't
do this in you game guys you will not
believe this this police station we're
going to today I came here last year but
when I had the first meeting we in
London and the cops took me they took me
to the police station
and now we're going to like work with
that man and being a police car with
them so you know I started from the
bottom now we're eight started but
what's up looking fresh today man
we had a crazy train ride yeah crazy -
rider it was just yeah he was just being
it was like what about my second time on
there so I was just here I wasn't used
to his method
the New York is more entertaining
Derrick trainer martini the tube is more
quietly what is like quietly hi guys I'm
gonna go into police car
won't it fun I'm gonna drive I'm not
gonna drive I'm just joking but oh it's
carsick
this is like a BMW my god I can't
believe moving to cop this is the back
right there this is where we're gonna
sit we're gonna be sitting right there
and we're gonna see how it goes
hopefully we got some cop calls and see
some cop car chases and we'll be cool
thank you do you like a really loud
space invaded oh can I present yeah all
right guys ready this is a siren all
right that's the siren so that means the
sirens on when I press this makes a
noise this is Uzi uh-huh oh isn't this
crazy this is real freeze it's really
cool seems like a lot of fun Oh
ready Zurich an hour at the back I
promise ebooks like the first time see
what Batgirl have to make sure to put on
see for kids so people see me the back
that selfie one thing I'm arrested are
thing I'm locked up or a criminal but
looking at me like some type of way so I
guess I really wish it was him
yeah it's him right there sir come over
yeah yeah come over yeah
was it you was it you well you fought
you try to find my little brother the
other day I talking about yeah I started
school yesterday
naima no no you found chatroom now now
you hit me the other day up my little
brother you hit my little brother huh
you hit my little brother though I'm a
what I'm not a snitch no I'm not no I'm
not
what oh hi how are you how you doing I'm
getting arrested oh I'm getting deported
back yeah way back yeah I'm joking I'm
here yeah it's a major again yeah Alisha
from the lychee I got you see what up
bro what's the other kid like homey
isn't it okay the other kid either
I was joking you think I've said I'm not
I'm Madison
police chase right now
the Saiga as the package might help your
professors
vehicle and shit like it contains what
substances
just reflected you package where's nice
natural look kind of suspicious
this is crazy you never know what he has
this is Chris
no no I put on the super he said left
away cool boy attacked en garde security
managers go ahead and another suspect is
like this scared I was white how coming
out of bangles straight now
hi guys so we just got done from coming
from the police station it was so crazy
I'm so sad I could have filmed like the
victims or the people that like I'm not
allowed to film the people that were
getting in trouble or not much calls
went through so you didn't see much
action but I have good news I'll be
going back soon and I'll be doing the
night shift with the police so it's
gonna be a lot of action on that so I'm
so sorry if you guys couldn't get to see
a lot of action as I told you guys
yesterday I thought is gonna be so much
action but we did it early in the moment
was like 9 a.m. so next time I go is
gonna be 9:00 p.m. at night and you guys
gonna see how go is gonna be like a show
of cops so Jose I'll go so we just
picked up the homie Leo I'm a little
homey
it's my British I move that knows that
that oh yeah hey guys doing what's up
which is where's peace this is a stir
happy whispers oh my I like uniform it's
a thank-you uniform on how are you guys
I am related yeah
oh cool oh my god
he doesn't believe it's me I'm like what
are you doing in England what am i doing
Chile leaving tomorrow we are in this
cool civilized playground in the UK and
it looks very beautiful and peaceful so
we're gonna hang out chill out for a bit
ready yeah good good a monkey bars oh oh
oh oh be careful kid
good job Leah I'm a child of the monkey
bars with my feet
I'm not what so good it's okay I break
the rules
ready oh and I'm hate it but apparently
someone died in there what happened over
there died so so they closed it this is
the funniest Liam like this but I'm not
going down though brother what the heck
go back Lydia what the heck that's crazy
what's up guys I'm here chillin with her
doc say hello Sam
was good and subji know your name so
it's a Turkish name right so how the
Turkish people pronounce a sub G I'm
sorry okay
they gave me a cookie so thank you guys
so thank you so much they always like
show a lot of love and appreciation so I
actually appreciate it you guys
patient thank you playing bye I'm Thomas
yeah thank you okay I'm just saying
because I make another two apart yeah
like this is RIT face thank you
oh my god so it's time to wrap up this
flag I am wrapping up this ride in the
toilet because I got nowhere else to
wrap it up so hope you guys enjoyed the
vibe if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey to all my ride
and I do me
if you guys made it - right here - and
make sure you give it a thumbs up and
give yourself a huge pat on the back and
I should I say thank you guys so much
for all the love support you guys always
show I'm heading back to New York City
tomorrow so you guys will see the Addams
Family tomorrow should be exciting I
miss him so much
you guys probably - listen I'll see you
guys then back in New York City take
care and peace I'll even sit on the
toilet and now flush I'm joking I'm over
like I'm not I'm never just City
I'm just saying I'm joking I'm talking
don't take it I love you though we got
bit always in fact I promise you that
full tit let me wipe em away okay this
would choose the sleigh
