what's supper dooming i am here to tell
you guys that my instagram is back at
I'm the last one to tell you guys that
my Instagram is back if you guys do not
know my Instagram got hacked twice and
the second time I got hacked they got
hacked real badly and he deleted all of
my posts and they changed that cow name
I had almost a thousand posts all of the
memories from Dubai from Pakistan all of
that is gone I just want to give a huge
huge huge thank you to NAS HIPAA and my
team for helping me get my account back
for working literally day and night not
sleeping to get my account back for you
guys so thank you guys
so I also I want to give a huge thank
you to Moby for helping me out so much
and keeping me strong thank you so much
I want to thank slim my nieces and
nephews my whole family for Cersei
keeping me strong throughout all this
stress that was going on guys thank you
guys so much for keeping me strong and I
want to thank you guys
adieu me gang for keeping me strong
social media keep me strong in person
when I meet you guys you guys seriously
made me I was feeling so alone I was
feeling so stressed but Cersei you guys
made me so happy so I appreciate you
guys for that thank you guys so so much
for that and I'm a huge shot on a huge
thank you to the police for tracking
down the hacker he is found he is in New
York City he's actually gonna be
arrested for blackmail and for fraud and
for hack and me the hacker who I do not
know who it is right now I will be
probably finding out in a couple days he
tried to blackmail me he was telling me
to pay up this much amount of money to
give my account back most of all I want
to thank a lot for giving me a brighter
day whenever I have a dark night so
thank you so much you just keep me up to
come back even stronger I know guys I
have zero post right now actually I'm
gonna have one post so if you guys go to
my Instagram right now the link is down
below make sure you guys like it and
comment on it and I'll be following a
lot of you guys back because I lost
literally all of the people that I was
following they unfollowed you guys but
I'll be following a lot of you guys back
today I'm here to create a Lionel
memories with you guys so thank you guys
so much
I'm ready to go and go on this new
chapter of my journey on Instagram I
have a lot of new things coming up
especially for history I'm having a lot
of little little I don't know you know
like yeah you know but a lot of new
stuff coming up see you guys tomorrow
thank you guys so much love a sport and
to everybody kept me strong seriously my
whole team thank you so much you guys
kept me positive and I cannot thank you
guys enough thank you please like
you
