almost 1 I got what's up right now I am
and slim and the keeps college way I'm
stuck in a line but it's good it is I'm
stuck in a line maybe stuck fire court
literally an hour for 50 minutes I've
been waiting for 10 minutes I'm already
getting fidgety imagine our way to 50
minutes probably got
we're gonna go on to college I'm going
to explore some students sure you are
gonna show me around their college life
and let's see yeah I'm gonna pick up
girls
even better
also walking on campus and it's really
yeah it looks like a castle it's really
since we're here at saga idea I'm not
going to college yeah I'm just like
governor rather so did can I can I get
on that if you want sit can I get on it
because sometimes want me so there's
already doing nothing back it's so
scared if he gets kicked out bitch
uh-huh represented me right now
that's how her was that people who knows
it I wanna see my friends but my friend
my friend thinks you're cute thanks
you're welcome he just he's she said yes
I think I guys I just snuck in here to
City College well I'm not gonna say I've
come here so you got to eat lunch you
don't say I gotta eat lunch with us home
so here to eat lunch and I got a
cheeseburger if I can't I got a naked
said a healthy drink healthy and the
crazy thing is we're going to the gym
after this so I'm just trying to get a
little hello
yeah I'm trying I'm cheating on Phil
yellow fat trying to get low fat just
got to the gym we're gonna have a nice
cool workout for you guys I'm at it guys
and it's rainy with you and I'm tell you
guys why I've been working out all of a
sudden it's for something cool coming up
today we're gonna be working out our I
don't know I think I trust last time
without a biceps triceps today we can
working out our chest and back let's do
this you has motivated me last a bunch
of comments today once again do it but
motivate us in your tweets
Colleen Kandel we need a motivation you
know so we knew you guys to be telling
us don't you want them big lips both big
guns
yes you want it we need your motivation
so tweet us and motivate us and we'll be
retweeting the coolest ones what's the
give us a funny of evidences you guys
your challenge for you guys funny tweets
from you guys and you guys and we'll
retreat of the coolest ones I will
always show it I think this is guys now
we're get it we're gonna be gonna do
this I'm pushing rod
usually he always wants to go swim he
doesn't want to go like workout not at
all that's him he always wants Americans
to go sense what is him he's like I
don't let's go swim and play with the
rubber duckies I mean I vote you can't
you gotta go work out first and students
and get it done
Munson - no I'm sorry what's up I'm
curious yeah this mobile she's oh boy
yes oh good yeah yeah yeah yeah you guys
this more you going like that
come on let's go soon yes that's what
I'm talking about
oh come on quite a beefy feel like that
man I'm talking about yeah well when you
go like that
yeah this we just work with the net
right this is not as easy as it looks
trust me
it is hard boxing is hard P really got
anything is really easy but try to do
two minutes straight with this three
minute straight for three rounds I
promise you you're on a breath unless
you have really good standing up
never never put your leg across like
that
no and everything like that oh we just
worked it out
this woman keeping him all the way up
hello insufficient Irish Mattacks
push switch ready switch shoes fist you
ready now - suppose s Morelos deceptive
blow hard
yeah do not eat do not eat a
cheeseburger before you workout I was
the biggest form of decision but I never
eat it shoes like never in your life to
house the missing biggest mistake I did
today velu one of you guys gave me this
cool tank suppli mr. back bro
I know it's happening guys
oh that's crazy I know man scary
so what if I get bad luck huh it's all
good this is my bare hands
this is citta happy right this is what
happen so you guys come on
oh my gosh this is the first to mess me
up um so let's do Hana - oh no miss
romance huh just got done with chest
workout the good thing with chest
workouts after done working out your
boobs can shake she give up sir I can't
do that feel like you can do the much
guys I know you like extra weird but
just excuse that we're just being
mindful Phelps today we're gonna have a
swimming race just to have a little
workout for the race so you gotta go
down there and come back and we'll see
what makes it ready right you go which
one's worse I do
all right have another challenge that we
can do ready some all right
got a hold your breath going down and
swim like down all the way then we're
here to them inside words like
we are at helos house
my personal trainer my homie Big Mo yeah
a big more I he brought me her gay
protein shake because you know you know
gains you know it's good like good poe
teamwork epoxy it's good sure it was
metal straight up games bro chocolate
chip James chocolate what is it hit him
on her it's a boy
so boy what was his name Molly we do
name is cat Molly will you pop into
Molly you sweat my Molly else what what
rezneck for the male what a male was I
kidding
is it friendly you met Diana Ross Matt
from the sauce it's really friendly oh
it's so cute he loves me bro
we lost I was gonna try to see the cat
it's Molly oh it's Maggie just people
bro
Molly oh never come easy but let's go
ahead you draw well I hate hippies Oh
big moron
what are you wrote well if I got to
comes nice a nice cat that's not it
are you crazy boom something nothing see
anything is awesome Oh Molly come on
Jason
he's gonna feed her that by now give
afford West food this is why I got so
much muscle but he feeds a protein shake
rotten man how do you feel oh my god
good now it is broken they got food
right Kayla yeah this campus captain
ladies holding its protein at all this
cats so cute see now it's not gonna come
back because I'm sorry because she eaten
I mean he what game is it like you just
throw the toothpick yeah she just she
starts chasing it I hold up okay
what she likes it room yeah you're
reading on question was there oh my god
measure look this is one this is it it's
like literally up to is up to here to me
like what the heck oh oh oh
oh she ripped it right keep one got it
you good you got it you want you beat me
I got so I just got home and the most
craziest funniest thing just happened
excuse my voice cuz I just I don't know
I'm getting a cold because I suck
yesterday with the air conditioning on
it was on freezing cold because I was so
hot that was the wrong decision you got
me like got me like low sore throat in
the summertime so I do not know why but
the craziest thing just happened I don't
know if you guys know but like couple
years ago I just do these videos or
vlogs I supply agreement doing Rima
watching Rima so I decided today you
know what let's bring it back let's do
Mawson watching Muhsin so I decided to
do it and when he watched himself cry he
starts crying when he sees himself
crying like it was so funny it so crazy
you guys have to see this guys look he's
gonna watch myself right now
I didn't start crying when he sees
himself crying this is so sad watch this
what about you mustn't Watson Watson he
already hates himself and he's only
almost 1 you're hit oh good keep driving
so cry yes it's just you listen is just
you just one he doesn't want it that
when he sees my dad he says crying even
more - he already hates himself and he's
only almost 1 you're hit I'll kill gays
come with you
she goes over that walk to my dad walk
to my that time I go tell my dad what
happened
leave Kelly there's do it he already
hates himself he's only lost one you're
hit I feel so happy I'm sorry I'm sorry
ok as I promised I'll be looking at your
snaps and snapchatting a lot of you back
so let's see what you guys are doing
type Aki I don't know what that is but
I'm gonna take a selfie and type a cue
for you alright
Aki borrow a key I'm sorry that's a
whole completely different meaning by
row Aki and I'm put a cool filter in put
some black and white oh oh okay it's
there accept it Hanako he said you know
what lady just a minute thanks I'm glad
I made a night thank you so much Obie
let's see some more um are you ever
going to come to Australia girl I
promise you I'm gonna be coming to
Australia really really soon I probably
look pinky promise you right now look i
pinkie promise I'm gonna come to
Australia really really soon oh I can't
type in like at the same place I on my
second thank you so much for the sweet
message it means a lot
good night Adam good night to you too I
got so it's time to wrap up this vlog
hope you all enjoy
with this vlog to my ride-or-die but do
me again if you guys made it to here and
you're watching this part make sure you
give it a thumbs up and let me know if
you are watching this part you did make
it said and thank you guys so much for
your love and support it truly means the
world I have another surprise for you
guys tomorrow that someone a surprise
that I'm gonna see so I do not know you
guys left uncomfortable yes today I seen
a lot of you guys sent me I do not know
if I can film at the place that I'm
going to but hopefully I'll let you guys
know I'll take you guys with me as and
another Adam solid mature so hopefully
all turns out great
I have a new main channel video coming
soon maybe not this weekend because I'm
working on it it's I'll just say I'm
trying to do the prank on my dad it
won't be the car one because I need to
get my license first and then I'll do a
video on the car so it's gonna be two
videos with my dad one prank on him and
another one it's just me surprising him
with the car so hopefully also is not
great I love you guys so much thing
about so much for love and support I
will see you guys tomorrow
take care earng peace allow you I'm here
for you always a family promise you that
booth to let me right away this would
choose to say
