you guys do not know this is like a
really crip like in New York means like
you're in a gang or something like that
but a lot of people around the world
they use it as fashion so that's what we
usually reason as fashion has nothing to
do with us being in a gang or nothing
like that the only gang win is it a
dummy gang how was the wedding yesterday
though another guy's side was better we
turned it up even more no I'm saying we
just we did yes we do we all turn in the
right me Lawson was turning up we always
turning up he wants me to carry him
who's the crybabies we would just like
that when you're younger when do you
guys start school are you guys excited
so school for you I got a cop where she
says are you are you excited why is they
no you just said yeah so you're gonna
copy what she says what about you
mustn't are you started school he
already hates himself and he's only
almost 1 you're hit once yes for the
crybabies the latest fake crying i guess
because i got quiet his Dina Dina Dina
hates me so much but she's like the
biggest biggest do me she watches
everything but she just hates me if he
doesn't like watching what look watch me
you're gonna be in this vlog oh here you
go
I don't get your you gonna watch
yourself fresh ice to caramel latte
what's up guys I know a lot of you guys
have been asking what's gonna happen
with my Instagram but as of now right
now it's all about patience and just
waiting the person that got my account
they literally deleted all my posts they
changed the name so when we contacted
Instagram Instagram was like oh who's
who's Adam you have no proof that that's
your account you have no pictures of
Adam or anything so we told them that
this person deleted all the pictures and
if you can find out if they have like
recently deleted or anything so
hopefully right now they can't find out
and so we still can get it back other
than that this is not gonna stress my
day or anything I'm gonna put that aside
I'm gonna let that wait patience stop it
on Jimmy Alonso and chawla everything
works out and you guys can have a part
in if you guys can tweet or just like
say something on Twitter Instagram and
tell them that my instagram is being
hacked and it is a crying I always tweet
a lot so my Twitter we were snapchat a
lot too always a snapchat right now
right now I'm here with slim so it up Oh
what up bro vision good it was good we
are gonna be out I'm not gonna stay at a
place we're gonna go well you guys are
probably gonna know what it is because
one of us probably gonna snapchat
something or you guys always find out
anything even was like whatever we do
photo shoots you guys get the pictures
before we even take the pictures you
guys will see it we're gonna turn up
today we're gonna New Jersey right now
we'll see how it goes you can have a fun
day keep smilin stay positive and let's
do it it's ready I feel um here's a dry
for like a whole out here to have a vide
disown me good we have about an hour to
go out I hate when people drink like
that rose oh my god yeah it's so much
traffic in New York once we got to New
Jersey we'll be good we've been stuck
for the past hour
like literally we've been literally
stuck for the past hour I think we're
gonna be about an hour late so we might
miss some performances but hopefully
also not great we'll see how it goes
just think positive we got this it's go
fast once we hit the highway was so
linear and I wasn't the highway
boom
traffic traffic everywhere
look a little against Jessica but but
look Eddie's on his phone why just given
us a nice phone these dudes are crazy
man I feel bad you driving that long if
you like that
okay I don't because I'm happy but
surprised you're skinnier at 5:30 so I
run that time for four times when all of
a sudden
and that is New York traffic Oh baby you
can have anything you want to me
I can't replace it but baby I cry to
baby cries
I can't I sell baby I'll try
a good thing in America you can record
however way you're driving and you don't
get a ticket and UK if you're filming in
the freeway or whatever you get a ticket
like sense you stuff like that which is
so crazy
hi guys so we've just made it we're
going in right now chatter what is that
every night yeah it's an arena in New
Jersey it should be fun
yeah I was right there let's go outdoors
oh I thought was indoors I stood still
gonna be fun let's do it is we finally
made it outside I got so worried I
thought we're not gonna be gone time
it's so much traffic oh my god the New
York traffic is just it took us it took
us longer waiting in New York with the
traffic then it took us from to travel
from New York to New Jersey to make it
outside we were heading there now
you miss me while I'm missing twice
we're going to Chris Brown next
hey act today it was a feedback Chris
Brown baby that Chris Brown killed it
Chris Brown is like I'm joking when he
means one hell of a night tour see he
gave 9 them on stage yeah he was he
always go crazy what's up I'm here with
Michelle Jana and he gave us it was nice
nice to meet you guys think that so much
oh my god what's up I'm here with
Michelle Jana and you gave us it was
nice nice to meet you guys think about
so much I love that's all they should
come to New York City soon so hopefully
next time you guys come to New York oh
you know what's the worst when you park
your car and you don't do what you're
doing and you can't find the car well
literally like it's been like 10 15
minutes we're looking all over for the
car say would you park your car Bo I
officially parked in VIP parking but we
had VIP parking we couldn't find enough
like that like we're looking all over we
host it dude where's my car dude where's
my car dude where's my dad
yeah Vanya takes notes yeah
no you get a few bars in this bro you're
gonna spread your density bro hey guys
so it's time to wrap up this flag if you
guys made it to the end of this flight
if you guys watching this right now make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey thank you guys so much so I ride
a diet dual meets will always show a lot
of love every single day I truly
appreciate it you guys are the ones that
seriously makes me feel so strong
whatever I'm feeling so that it may not
seem like I'm feeling down but sometimes
I do like hiding I do put on a smile
just to pretend there just to make you
guys positive and stuff but you guys are
the ones that seriously make me happy so
thank you guys so much for that it has
been so much so much beer so much stress
going on but I have the left for
everything I can still make daily vlogs
for you guys I still make you guys smile
so that's all that matters make sure you
guys go follow me on twitter the link is
then below and go add me on snapchat
that's where I am on the most twitter
and snapchat
I will be snapchatting some people today
and snapchatting a lot today thank you
guys so much for all the support let me
know the comments below who would you
that is what me to see next
mmm is it Kevin Hart is it one direction
is it a wrestling match is it a
basketball game I don't know you guys
let me know when it comes below because
I want to take you guys on a lot of Adam
Sala adventures I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog I'll see you guys tomorrow on
Twitter and on snapchat take care and
peace love you thank you so much for
lungs work
peace
I'm here for you always a feather
promise you that those tears let me
write them away this what you say
