I want to get out of bed hey guys what's
up and do me gang off you're all doing
great I just woke up and I'm feeling a
little bit better I don't want to gather
but I'm so tired I didn't want to go out
but I have to I need to go chill out and
relax and start this new fresh day so
let's see how this goes I have a really
bad cough so I got this medicine called
robitussin for an adult so I don't even
know if it works I've been using it for
the past 2 or 3 days and hasn't even
worked and I'm so coughing what works do
you guys know anything that works for
cough let me see how it tastes mmm oh
now is done guys to hate medicine I so
like cried to never take these but now
it's like you have to take your else
you're gonna keep going so I just only
like the pink ones
the pink bubble flavored ones I say hate
the the grape ones and these ones I'm
gonna try to see if this one it's got I
forgot taste alright to like fruit punch
what this is why there's so many traffic
here that's all of London those
buildings pretty much there's no but I
could have sworn it's like more
buildings in London ISM
you get the bonus and you serious
there's one lakh Eaglin I expected it to
be more buildings I don't blame you now
when you went to New York and he was
like amazing I was like why you so mean
because the buildings there are like
they go on and on and on and it is so
big now when I see the difference of
London Nautilus buildings and nearest
building like when you look at the
Newark when you're like oh my gosh you
guys are from New York and London I
always ask this question to everybody
let me know in the comments below what
you guys which place do you guys think
is better New York or London anything
about America London New York or random
New York yeah I say London all day long
no no sir
now I don't know I think I'm London is
more cultural New York is more it's
cultural tubas it's not as cultural as
I'm uh as London like London you know
here Bengali culture Pakistani culture
they have culture they're so into it
like back in New York there's there's
not much culture like that they're more
into like yes I'm American let me get a
Starbucks let me get iced caramel
macchiato leo
you a coconut huh
why you're brown and white huh you know
who else is brown and white you know
Zayn Malik huh what time yes you do you
know one direction
excuse me turn around turn right what'd
you say Leo don't say that Leo we're
gonna fight if you say when we can't get
along so I just got to the mall I'm on
my swaggy bored
Oh how are you doing you're right
how are you okay
but I do LIBOR
mom screw that
I just can't as one application used
to myself I'm not from you
I'm feeling myself I'm filming myself we
can use that
we make music
I can report anything recording myself
using on me I'm talking I'm blogging
applying I'm sorry thank you
hi guys so we're getting kicked at the
mall we have accepted we're going to
take
take care
guys kicking us out
oh I did with 7-eleven to go shopping -
I think London shopping is better but
ever might get kicked out the house
shopping one why can't we like it we use
it you wanna go for ride try it huh it's
fun
I'm recording myself I'm recording
myself right
what's up Shayla I do it Ayla
what's up - have fun - relax
something always had this is like my bad
luck week oh my god I was such a
horrible week
I can't raghunatha meal Lee are you good
right this protesters let us try let us
drive
it snuck into the other side
so the guys watching
hi guys once again we're getting kicked
out for the second time from the same
place so this is like unbelievable
I'm really
filming I could talk to myself so is
there are people I'm just talking
I don't know why you can't film what if
someone taking this out for a snapshot
curly
the hard things about these swaggy bores
you get kicked out everywhere you go
even the airport you can't do it someone
in New York oh-oh-oh-oh someone in here
I got arrested for going to the airport
is swaggy board so it's really hard on
you good huh Leo are you sleeping little
wake up Leo leo
how can someone sleep over there what's
wrong with you
this kid is crazy what are you crazy
I thought American kids were crazy and
no British kids are crazier no no it's
no it there's no nearer stop adding the
are say no no it's no no why are you
adding that are so we are about to eat
we're gonna have chicken fish fish and
chips same thing we're gonna have chips
and fish with the hen Balea once at a
KFC so we're gonna have some KFC have
some KFC uh Oreo milkshake you have some
KFC what what is that
what is this what small ketchup is just
ketchup how do y'all do me gang it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you
guys all enjoyed this vlog but I'm
deserted I got it's time to wrap up this
live I hope you all enjoy this fight if
you guys did make sure give it a thumbs
up and go turkey - oh my rata that'll do
Me's who made it to this part of vlog
make sure you give it a thumbs up thank
you guys so much for your level support
I'm feeling so much better
well not completely hundreds I bet about
feeling I'm feeling much much better
haven't let and I know yesterday I
supposed tell you guys what's the big
meeting on what's it about I didn't want
to say I said it because I was not in
such a good mood so I wanted to say it
when I'm in a nice positive mood so I'll
say right now to you guys it is this we
had a huge big meeting with the police
here in the UK because we are going to
be doing a tour around October and end
of October and November on the school
holidays
you guys think it's going to be a school
tour it will not be a school tour it
will be out of a meeting allowed see it
hasn't been confirmed yet but I just say
I don't know but that's all I'm gonna
say because I don't again trouble say
something I'm not as long as they
somewhere out there it's some kind of
cool tour and for the good cause for it
we're going to raise awareness on
anti-terrorism and on people who are
always you know being racist and it's
AMA phobia and everything like that so
that's the good cause that's
let's give me the main topic on
everything the theme of everything and
it will let you guys know more
information on it once it's confirmed
but I told you guys a little piece of it
that's not school tour the cost for it
is going to be about anti-terrorism a
lot of fun cool interesting things and
it's a tour so yeah we'll see how
anything UK and a lot of you guys are
gonna go crazy on me but this is when I
get invited and they tell me they tell
me these opportunities to do it you want
to do it I said I'll say yes if
Australia invites me I'll go but Julia
has invited me because they they don't
they don't they don't like Americans you
know I'm just joking but I am gonna be
going to Australia or many of these
places more soon but this one that's the
earliest one that I've been booked for
so hopefully you guys are excited as I
am so I'll see you guys tomorrow
domi gang take care and peace I'll owe
you
I'm here for you always a fan promise
you that
let me wipe em away I know this what
choose a sleigh
