right here right here
what's that wasn't I'm sorry but you
can't go out today there cuz you crazy
you know I can't take you up cuz I got
DNA that's why and I gotta take Dean out
and the reason why I can't take you out
because I got Rhema and Japan and I have
to take out Rhema to man and Dena and
they want to go out and I can't take out
muslin cuz you're gonna cause a lot of
trouble when you run away but we can't
do that
you're a troublemaker huh are you a
troublemaker Harmison
you're troublemaker like this monsoon
huh these two muscles the troublemakers
shadow maker huh troublemaker
he was too galoshes he's gonna cry once
we go out that's just come on guys he's
not gonna cry I watch this let's go bye
are you saying bye he's that got him
he's a man he's a fine you're right
how'd you know that gonna cry can't we
just one here
oh you got it good job they're all going
to check if it's open
is it open or no are you serious
no it's not
I wanted to go to the field and play
joking I am so mad his place is closed I
remember last time one was closed me and
Remo we snuck in it's kind of a crime to
sneak in when it's closed it's called
trespassing so I think Jim and Dina me
and Remo well Dina jamel's about to
commit their first crime me and Remo
about to commit well we must ii cry my i
did so many stupid cars but you know
about that i think yeah we're about to
do something illegal and going hopefully
turns out however i can fit and we'll
see how this goes
be careful be here go wait there wait
there wait there
you mad you go you're my wife Adina you
know you know
we made it let's go okay
she's scared of the grass withers
whenever look whatever the police look
at you you don't look bad guy
don't stare back just run like just
leader he knows it's just grass look
just socially crass Hey
I know I've told you guys before with
you guys we're not no this school right
here this is the school that I want to
from the ages of four to eleven this is
where I got bullied this is where the
person threw a rock at my mother was
literally right here
and then mom fell and I thought was like
a bullet this is where I got bullied a
lot what caused me to hate myself Wow
Deena good job um I gotta sing a sword
come on come on after this way after
this run do you know how does kid always
sneaks in my room what's up
whoa yeah Wow
are you still hugging in BO now you want
me not you said five before I'm going to
buy peace out
Adams room stop do not answer okay
what's up guys right now we're gonna go
to the gym we're heading to the nearest
bus stop yeah you guys do not know what
the gym that I used to go to my contract
is over so I'm not gonna be going to
that gym anymore I'm gonna be going to
the nearest bus go since he signed up to
nurse post up hey they have a much
bigger pool that Jim was a private gym
where it's only one in the whole New
York City this nearest rosscup you can
go to many of them all around the city
he just got back we came back from
Pennsylvania he was doing voice man yeah
he sounds like a grandpa
yo what's up Adam everybody what happen
are you lost
I just feel a lot in the rises heavily
you know it's awesome you know Mike
there you mr. yo-yo going to this you
know as vodka it's huge
they got a whole pool and everything in
there so one with you what's up
I'm the squirrel talker I look
Oh
she's gonna get a visit weather-wise
killer squirrels
why do you guys look like ghetto like
ghetto bums or something you guys
dressed up all you guys need is a
2-liter soda and like a big like
popsicle and you walk with it what the
heck so first to the gym I got him up I
got him our book bag I got him up guys
look at his own so cute looks like a
line hello you
oh thank you
it's not a muzzle so right go oh he's so
cute
do any tricks you jump through a hoop oh
that's sick that's sick they're nice
dollar flavor I got so funny sound left
to the gym we are ready to go work out
and maybe work I'm gonna work out about
these two guys I'm gonna these guys are
gonna be like you ain't no trying to
hombre your workout swim out shut up
let's do this first day I'm sagging on
my headphones ready working half what
kind of doctor will come to the gym with
a Nintendo 3d cichlid touching a water
bottle coaster sorry I'm gonna do it
yeah that looks cool try it out Lucy
let's do that let me see that is cool I
just seen it
that's sick that's a crime this is how
you make the more count let's go sir
let's go someone say the things I'm
gonna don't laugh go go yeah show them
how we do it do it we got to bring
people to motivate you gotta get us
around yourself motivation motivation
obviously
why cause I have a suitable soul is
there I don't have but we have got way
back way back we go with you back he's
going we're going to Jordan Jordan a
shallow stay flexible networks best play
boys stuff
everything's gonna be great but last
time he comes back we're gonna be going
to this gym together when I'm working
now he got see how I was it both you
guys ago I visited rustic this is like
reunion we signed if he hadn't or now we
just seeing him in this gala he don't
want to be on camera it was something
more I don't you don't make him don't be
like Holloway they work out my little
brother
tell them how my little brother hey how
was you know when you work on how is he
like when you work out with him how is
he's crazy he's crazy why you're not
talking to eat always why always move
the camera away from you doing
we can be treating us today so yes they
do this they're gonna show them how we
do motivate become a trainer right here
I'm a spotter
talk about yeah
give me motivation see one another we
just got done working huh
okay get a little swim so gonna work our
whole body enough that would be good I
feel not pumped up Vova Oh needs
motivation from everybody here and
motivation from you so make sure you
guys in comment of anything motivation
well that's this is my comic
question/comment staying everyday for
you guys leave a comment of something
motivation or anything it could be any
quote you love anything motivational for
your own words and it'll what do they
mean for some of us
healthy healthy
I ever do not know how to swim wear
these what are those the best of all
time they see how this goes this might
not be the best dog ever but it's one of
the coolest Bulldogs that we're gonna
try so
we've got a so harmful
you know their footage
how do they ship them good
see my swimming pros yeah okay so you
hear it stop like vibrating stuff I mean
come on feel it just super dry anomaly
it's nice it's so hot
Haseley you gotta wait outside no that's
no pet isn't gonna you can't get hey
well let the turtle wait come on turtle
turtle speedy come on let's go we had a
crazy amazing workout actually like this
gym much much better the people there
are so much cooler they're not really
rude and like all up like stuck-up and
cool in the other gym they're really
nice here so I really appreciate that
shout out to new express club then you
guys so much for hooking a brother up
way to get some protein gets you you
know built up a little more yes
nutriment and how many have any protein
as it has 16 grams of protein which is
really good so nutriment well you're
naked you or your naked auntie we're
gonna try to film every week one video
Mia one video of him you guys have
watched some video make sure you guys
check it out but it's gonna be the link
down home makes you check he makes the
perfect psycho boyfriend it was like a
psycho ever he is a psycho fern super
psycho for pizza it comes up here that
yo what are you doing today I want to
see it make sure you go see Oh show some
it to me gang love and gonna give you
guys new videos every single week to
entertain you guys and keep you guys you
know
smiling so hi guys so it's time to wrap
up this vlog I am feeling extra pumped
from the gym today I'm feeling actually
really really great because I ate really
kind of healthy today so hopefully I
continue this every single day and I can
take you guys on this journey with me
tomorrow I might be going to wedding I
have not you guys do not know I have not
been to a wedding since 2007 the last
time I went to a wedding was about eight
years ago I don't know I just I do not
know why I haven't been to a wedding for
that long but I might be going to the
wedding tomorrow so hopefully I'll see
you guys I don't be some crazy our
wedding actually more like a Yemeni
wedding so it's like guys and girls
separate so I might take you guys let me
show you guys a little Arab wedding not
the after might be a little surprise for
you guys so
you guys will probably know tomorrow or
the day after I'll keep it as a surprise
so congratulations to Nestle Nestle
Nestle I'm going to dinner with her in
Germany because she won the competition
for for doing this amazing art on our
music video tears I'll say thank you so
much for all your amazing love and
support and thank you so much everybody
who always shows a lot of level support
and to participated in that competition
her name is Nestle I cannot wait to give
you some Nestle chocolate on our dinner
date you know you know I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another daily vlog thank
you guys so much fun I love a support
makes you guys follow me on Twitter and
the link down below to stay updated with
everything or follow me on Instagram
take care peace
doemi
baby
I miss you always a feather I'm sure
that those tears let me write them away
this whatcha say
