do you want to modify boxer-briefs we'll
take some cool pictures of you I'll give
you some boxes it'll be cool it's up to
you do you want to do it hey guys what's
up do me ganc I hope you all are having
a great day even though I haven't not so
good of a day I'm having a really tiring
day had a long flight I just landed if
you guys do not know I'm in the UK I
just got to dedicate I mean I was right
it was that beauty I thought I was gonna
see it for a couple months but then it
happened we're having this there's a lot
of stuff gonna go on this whole week and
the main one is because of the big
meeting I'm gonna have something for you
guys and I'm so excited for it so
hopefully all into like great what is it
meeting gonna be it was long or the
meeting is gonna be tomorrow right now
we're going to add for a little photo
shoot and then after that we're gonna
head to there's an award show so I'm
gonna be dressed up with that suit and
stuff like that so it should go great
the tomorrow's a big meeting and I think
I have another meeting after that the
days after so it should agree see you
guys with the next shot so we just got
our rooms it looks beautiful but one
thing about London UK rooms their beds
aren't as big the ones in America are
like this is one whole bed but is this
twin so it's acceptable stuff like that
this is our view let's see if we got a
nice view ready not really so good but
it's alright
those flowers look nice the sky looks
like UK this is this is UK sky right
that you guys guy came from a heat wave
- this right here - like it feels like
it's almost December we are here having
a photo shoot well I just got done my
first photo shoot it was really really
awkward cuz I have to stand up like two
hours front of five guys and box this is
it right here
without me photographer Phil close-up
now you are yeah man right I'll be
shooting the homie from Bronson kohai
door oh yeah Shannon we have a nozzle
various professional at this Hoover
board so what swaggy bono swaggy
boarding of the home from swag wassup
man I can have another photo shoot with
him how do you do was it no hunger Oh
oh we got the easy one but they make it
look so easy right is hard it's harder
than it looks really so easy I would
look at people it's like oh this is easy
but it's really really hard
you shout out to homie Phil works so
hard taking pictures and everything so
goo cello show no I mean with the homie
Michael might pursue it up rodebush was
good I'm heading to Birmingham High
Friday I didn't know for award show but
like they just told me you're hearing it
for war show let's go so I'm like
alright I put on my suit and I just went
ready everybody to go 20 from back it's
a black suit type everybody from the
black suit out of one two three and Nas
right there everybody to go
we just stopped at a service station
community the bathroom yeah and Phil
need to tease about that that's why so
I'm ready to go on man
I'm a diver no he's a blind Iligan
that's all we just got here give me
magazine that is sick
hey Moloch likes this who was on point
right
city ready is ready market ready ready
take it a low
swaggy break swaggy bread came out it's
kind of hot inside it's really cold in
the UK feels like it's like wintertime I
don't know I came from a heatwave
from New York UK's weather is always
crazy I thought New York was like that
was just really crazy look I'm getting
the hang of him getting out of control
good yes fit if I'm wondering who this
American state and I'm not magazine but
I will look like a community
together so
you know go so nervous on television
right me also say
me I love you
like a Brazilian the winner is mr. Zack
this says says it in wrong card I'm
giving this award is a come-on
so if every one card definitely
a great great song
go hang out you know on behalf of them
come
I'm sorry Taylor now I just saw each
other like so amazing
first watching don't forget to Like
share subscribe I'm a wrap up the live
with some air when we wrap up right
after I guys was time to wrap up this
blog Dave don't forget even a thumbs up
and go Turkey so give my man a thumbs up
bye you got a vlog channel oh yeah I
have memories in em eh
em Oh in space oh absolutely 13:39 is
vlogger that's sick i'ma check you
alright oh thank you show this is that I
I got so I just got back to the hotel it
was a long tiring day a long tiring
night it's about like 2 a.m. right now
I'm used to the American time so I'm
still up I'm from New York City to
London from London to Birmingham
Birmingham back to London and it's just
been so crazy today has been just one
heck of a day so I'm gonna tell you guys
I'm gonna talk to you guys to the Adobe
gang or to anybody else that is watching
right now hello how you guys doing you
guys doing good guys doing right hi
hello head up you guys oh cool so if you
guys do not know I'm in the UK mainly
for this huge meeting that I'm gonna be
having because I'm here to confirm
something that I'm gonna be having at
the end of October toes November in the
UK is something really cool and
something for an amazing cause and you
guys will love it so I came into the UK
to have a meeting about it to talk about
it to confirm it and say yes I'm gonna
do it so while I'm here in the UK I'm
gonna be having a couple meetings about
it and confirming it someone approached
me they said hey do you want to modify
boxer-briefs we'll take some cool
pictures of you and I'll give you some
boxes it'll be cool it's up to you do
you want to do it
so I went around and said yeah I'll do
it you know I'm being in the UK AB I'm
be chillin so I might as well go take
some pictures I've done this before when
I was 17 years old so I thought I'm
ahead like oh do me ain't loved it when
I did it last time let me try to do
something this this is just something
small that this is not the reason I came
to the UK for I didn't come to the UK to
take pictures in my boxer briefs who
would go to another country to take
pictures in the vacuum for the main
reason the main cause which is something
that I'm gonna be doing at the end of
October and tours November so I go ahead
I take the pictures and almost like a
lot of you were just like going crazy
and in my head I'm like wait like I did
it before when I was 17 they all have
shown a lot of love and like they love
it for me you know I'm okay with
anyone's opinion like your opinion it
matters to me your opinion is like
whatever
whatever your opinion is that's that's I
respect that and I don't I don't go
ahead and like black people and I don't
know she doesn't agree with me oh no he
doesn't agree with me I respect everyone
especially I do me I respect everyone's
opinion whatever you guys want whatever
you guys say in your opinion it's always
cool you know it's always welcome for
cool opinions but I just didn't like how
some people were just going like really
harsh like some people were literally
like cursing me out a lot of people were
just saying really saying stuff saying
stuff that wasn't supposed to be said
they were just saying really mean stuff
that it didn't make anything any better
it truly just it just made me feel like
crap a movie feel so nigga ask so much
negative energy around themselves like
you know what I'm gonna tweet nothing
about it I'm going to talk to you guys
on the vlog I think some people went a
little too far don't get me wrong a lot
of people were showing amazing love
though they Adam I love what you're
doing you did it before don't care about
what people saying about the penis keep
doing you feel of doing it then you love
doing it some other people which is like
oh wow you're only about the money you
came to the UK to do this funny thing is
the photo shoot that I was doing I
wasn't getting paid nothing I was just
doing it for photos and to to help out
someone who's been really nice so it
just sucks seeing some people go really
harsh I don't know a like some people
you guys go really crazy just it
involves a lot of negative energy then
more people get a negative energy then
it just creates this whole negative
energy when I'm here thinking like oh
well I was just trying to like give
something nice to you guys because I
remember I did it way back and I wanted
to do it again but since you guys a lot
of you guys don't want it I'm thinking
I'm thinking twice about it like I don't
know what to do should I release the
pictures that I've released pictures
that the other day I released a picture
of me like like literally like kind of
confused I'm kind of mad I'm mad at you
guys for being mad at me so if you guys
are mad at me no I'm mad at you I'm
talking silent treatment now I'm just
joking but seriously I don't find it
that much like I'm a big of a deal like
a lot of people making it such a big
deal I did it before so many times I
don't get why now everybody of a sudden
is going hopefully also I'm not great
and hopefully everyone can stay positive
and if I hurt or offended anyone I'm so
sorry I apologize but I do respect
everyone's opinion I just do not like
how some people go really harsh
sometimes it's just it's not good to
come out really harsh because you just
make everyone else think negative and it
just makes me think negative and just
I like positivity so thank you to
everybody who was positive and thank you
to everybody would seriously like who
made me feel a lot better when they knew
that other people were going super harsh
so thank you so much to do me gang that
I'm gonna wrap up this block here if you
guys enjoy this flag and made a TENS
like make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go turkey tomorrow there is going to
be a cool surprise tomorrow zach is the
actual meeting so you guys will see
tomorrow what's been going on matter of
fact I'll tell you guys a little bit of
it tomorrow and you guys will get super
excited you guys are all gonna love it
because that's the main reason why I
can't see you guys tomorrow
do me Aang take care and peace I'll owe
you never be afraid to be positive
push I'm here for you always in favor
promise you got booted let me wipe em
away okay this would choose to say
