now it's time I'm gonna tell you guys
one of my secret Talent hey guys what's
up it do me gank I hope you all having a
great amazing day because I've been
having an amazing day too so if I have
an amazing day I hope you guys are
having an amazing day well actually I'm
having kind of an amazing day because
I'm so sad I can't seem Austin this is
birthday today so happy birthday to
Muhsin he is 1 years old he's at the
hospital right now every month every
second of the month which is on his
brain stuff September 2nd October 2nd
November 2nd he always goes to the
hospital to check on his asthma stuff so
if you guys do not know he does have
asthma thing I showed it in the past
vlogs but he has ago he got like a whole
checkup and his doctor is like really
far from house alway in Brooklyn and I
am going away tonight for the next week
so his birthday is gonna be postponed
until next week so I am looking forward
to that Mawson I love you so much and I
really hope you're okay I love you go I
am here in Duane Reade getting some
stuff because I'm gonna be packing
tonight I need to be supporting I don't
know to get crest crest he's the best or
a Colgate Colgate I'm in high school
I wonder ward of the best Colgate smile
so yeah do you know what's vlogging
vlogging just like I just do a vlog my I
feel my daily life what I'm doing yeah
you're all right yeah I'm all right
you sure okay I think always they go
crazy you're crazy
now I didn't say that you should then
I'm okay I'm traveling so I'm just
getting like some toothpaste and I'm
telling the people the viewers what
should I get like I don't know what to
get Colgate or crust it's a really hard
decision potentially Sensodyne is better
I've never heard that
what's up and do me gay right now I'm at
the airport I'm waiting my boy
time is in 30 minutes I don't know if
you guys remember but the last vlog that
I did my secret talent where I was I was
doing the back flips and stuff like that
you guys reached 10,000 thumbs up so
that means I have to show another secret
talent that I have but before I show it
I want to explain to you got something I
was doing belly dancing in the airport
and on the aeroplane and everything I
filmed it I had already it's kind of bad
news I can't I can't post it or put it
anywhere in public because I kinda I
kind of went against the rules in the
video we came to speak about I'll let
you guys know because a lot of guys
asking me where's the belly dancing and
airplane why'd you delete that photo and
everything I did not know that I did not
know I wasn't allowed to do the things I
was doing so I'm sorry to the airplane
to the pilot for what I was doing I will
not upload it and yeah I'm not gonna do
it
maybe it'll leak I don't know and I
meant the homie the other day named
Mohammed and he didn't have his phone
was dead and I take a picture of my
phone and I told him I put it in the
vlog and he could snapshot it so here
you go here now it's time I'm gonna tell
you guys
one of my secret talent since you guys
got 10,000 dumbs up some of you guys
might know this of me that I can do this
but probably most of you guys don't
because a lot of you guys are new I
noticed some new idumaean family so to
anybody who was in the do me gang always
you know like you know look out for them
let them know so they can know know ever
since I was younger around six seven
years old I used to always draw and I
said draw cartoons specifically that was
like my addiction that was my hobby I
said draw so much my secret talent is I
can look at something anything a cartoon
or anything and I can draw it with a
matter of sixty Seconds I know it's
probably a lame talent but I think it's
pretty cool I don't know if you guys
things pretty good by some people might
think is saying but if I know how the
character looks like let's say spongebob
or any character Super Mario whether if
I know how they look I can draw them in
60 second I'll start with spongebob so
let's see how
goes I got my sketchbook my marker and
I'm ready to have 60 seconds on the
clock
get ready set go
this is the final piece I know it
doesn't look as great but I kind of
rushed it I kind of look yeah
all right i'ma try another cartoon this
is one of my favorite cartoons it is
Garfield so let's see if I can do it
faster than Sponge Bob go
I think that was pretty much faster than
this one about one but I kind of did
myself to guys don't expect me to be so
perfect at it but this is my secret
talent that I'm telling you guys can
said you guys let me know the comments
below is this cool or is it lame I don't
know I think it's mom my dad thinks is
lame mom thinks is cool this is it car
fuel let me teach you guys let's say
Squidward yeah think of squirt or he has
that weird looking hat alright you know
the shape of sad like so let's do
this is the shape of his head right and
you know his eyes he has those little
long oval eyes right so do his eye he
has a really big nose so he draw his big
nose just remember how it is they draw
good orders always mean so you gotta
give him that mean look cuz eyebrows
gotta look me
he has a sad face he's always a mean sad
face so give him a sad face
you got a really long neck so give them
a long neck right there Oh
we got some hair that is Squidward right
here I'm not the best at it once again I
should be so much better at a brand I
was like in between on Arya I am gonna
be giving away for you guys this drawing
this drawing and this drawing all you
guys got to do is tweet me on my Twitter
and give me a reason why you want a guy
so it's time to wrap up this flag if you
guys can get another 10,000 thumbs up on
this blog I will show you guys my next
secret talent which is really weird
one hour in which is really abnormal the
next time so if you guys got 10,000
times up I will show you guys my secret
talent another secret talent do you ask
tomorrow with another daily vlog I love
you guys take care and peace
domi gang I like I'll see you guys
tomorrow
of where I'm going it's gonna be an
amazing week you ready don't yank peace
you
