please hard work okay
hey guys what's up with doom again I
hope you all are doing great because I
have it a nice amazing day because I am
have it an amazing
I'm right now in New York City obviously
I live in New York City if you guys
would not know I live in New York City a
lot of you think I live somewhere else
but NYC is like my city I was born and
raised here so we got represent you know
NYC and my country my whole town country
Yemen and I got to represent there
dooming I'm gonna be filming around here
today you guys we're gonna see how this
goes if you guys do not know after
tomorrow I'm heading out I'm traveling
somewhere some a lot of cool stuff
coming through really amazing cool stuff
a lot of new things gonna be doing and
I'm so excited to let you all know so
hopefully all works out I don't know who
these tools are burly who's that who is
that
how's that what up I don't know I just
bumped into Randy what are you doing it
oh let it close enough oh I do huh doing
good let's imma call you mini slim he's
like a mini slowly good I was that in
about 10-15 years Riley
how many overdose other guys who didn't
about all your fun we were gonna be
filming some new videos for you guys I'm
so excited the weather is beautiful
literally just turned September but the
weather is still like so Maisie feels
like still summertime I like that this
guy what's wrong hey guys I'm Kaylee
I think such a crab I'm sorry
Oh guys a creep awesome guys come get
nothing but the blood day without dohui
from London where London
no hunter and alt-enter what's up shout
out to we just had a crazy reaction they
saw everything they got in the way I'm
like yo dude which I do it was another
life it was better in New York I always
asked questions but better New York oh
my god oh my oh my oh my god
miss you know got rabies right has
rabies
yes it does has disease only tourists
would do this
we got dudes getting locked up
if you live in New York City never hop
the train here that Hamza don't hop the
Train pay your fare here will submit the
homeless your name my name is Justin
listen you just asked me are you Adam I
was like yes you me I do a man what's up
yeah thank you so much I appreciate well
our you know what I have it been for so
long to the park so we're gonna go to
the park and turn up today you know what
I'm saying
how's that can you hear me yeah what's
up how you doing what are you screaming
on the phone
slim please translate mean what's a
fatty its average we're right here the
real meaning of it is you know the
really heavy trip to the car it makes a
noise yeah yeah some alcohol took this
word and he made it an insult in our
family so we're we told you fucking do
something wrong I really thought that he
was crazy so we just took the heart
evolved it up so yo your fuck the party
the dictionary should be his face and
like right there slip so I don't intend
to go on a little skid row
oh this kissa crazier have we got so
much energy
I should be careful bro how about Joe oh
my god mama she's so cute
like you're shy to go down the stairs
he's oh shoot
hi Justin he gave me a good fun when
Obama what's his name I'm sorry mother
but I didn't work just remember Havana
back I'm back I'm back
no had a hot dry Palpa I'm with Sarah
Salamone ah yes the salad madam Morton
yes I don't see our big bro I'm sorry
but roses Oh mom but you're not saying
but no Marie always looks up he's a huge
shout out Tim and Susie I'm gonna I'm
gonna help him work out okay ah we have
a workout I pinch like it look nice
movie thank you just started you just
started YouTube channel so make sure you
guys go check it out was it go shakes -
he's gonna be a few spoon uncommented
all right there check it right there
what's followed up with an SH a que es
tu ba shakes - oh man this looks so good
right here for inducement oh my god it's
all look so good
I remember nice to do that
that's it
look at this red velvet cake it looks so
beautiful oh my god you like red velvet
huh are you so crazy huh you're in
public people looking at you weird you
don't care
this is me right I'm just me we're all
hands on ice get a dog we are all hamsa
realized Marcin tell us why huh hey bye
hi hello hey hi birthday collaborator
have you ever did you Bubba mother it
wasn't like what daga yeah Wow what is
your birthday it's your birthday in
three hours
you're a tease Dondo got the message
back hi mother
hi bye bye since you want a hug and say
bye all right
Marcelle by washes he's gonna cry for us
brushes when you leave he's gonna cry
first Anna hey bye bye right watch this
hello bye bye he didn't Wow I wasn't
rima mustn't they cry first that means
he doesn't love us huh
Mohsen doesn't love us what you're
eating Reema
it's your first day of being four years
old how do you feel I think big you feel
what big you're big you're not that big
you're so for you're still a baby you
know that I'm big big no you're not Remo
your baby yeah
yes you are you're still eating
spider-man ice cream mmm-hmm look you're
famous yeah I assume I've spun about too
you're not supposed to tell them I got
spun about cuz I'm a baby too just like
you
yeah I'm a baby too yes and why e'en so
slap you all of your nose
use your nose look cut your nose and
then get your not get their nose keep
your nose and get their nose get it yeah
their nose huh guys look what happens
when I saw I'll go to the gym because
I'm going to the gym right now and I
need to go get a workout on so you know
it's not I'm gonna go work out yeah it's
dark outside
yeah I need to go work out you know I
gotta get my workout on Rima no I didn't
yeah I got it go right now me mom I'm
gonna go need to go work out okay Nana
no you time for you to sleep it's time
for me it's time for you to sleep
another see you feel City it sound to
you to sleep you know I don't believe I
really hate it when I'm having such a
bad hair day someone just takes my hat
off like I really hate that cuz I'm
having a bad hair day 'no the reason why
i'm wearing hat so no one would see my
hair i'm gonna take it off like
everybody's dinner there hi
I just had a three-hour workout I had a
crazy crazy work show and I usually
don't record our workouts I don't know I
feel like it gets boring I'm working I'm
videotaping my workout and then some
teaching you guys something I was just
always just focused on working out I
usually vlog what I'm doing like the
boxing or just hanging out around we get
what's up what's in it Gio Gio sup jihad
yoga
cheers in here his mom works here in a
front us in the gym where the trampoline
is projector here I'm working out not
just to look good for you guys but for
something cool is coming up and I'm so
excited so I always want to do something
cool like this so hopefully it's all
worth it let's do it can you put your
own music here yeah I put my own music
alright cuz it - no hurry
this is to Atami was good what do you
think Drake yeah
no son Drake you guys huh she's always
said she told me daddy was the best
friend doesn't say that she don't know
how we can just in daddy how could you
leave you keep ooh cheeky cheeky nice
hot chocolate it's me
you listen to
hi guys I'm sure you got rice to do in
boxing with the jump rope they teach me
to go really really fascinating jump
ropes
I was got to get some boxing to my do
begin tried to take out my hair my
energy
laughy
every day the rest of my life I do meet
gang it is time to wrap up this rock I
know this is like the worst part of the
whole vlog because it's my worst part
too in those words
I hate those words I hate the words I
guys it's time to wrap this vibe but
sometimes it always has to come to an
end but the good thing is I'm gonna be
back tomorrow so you guys will see me
tomorrow so I hope you guys aren't sick
of me but thank you guys so much for
showing so much love the past few days
on the thumbs up button and I have even
said like go Turkey or thumbs up
anything you guys have been showing so
much love like extra love on a thumbs up
without me saying anything so I just
want to say keep it up and thank you
guys so much for always going Turkey
when I don't say go Turkey you guys
prove to the world that you guys go
Turkey without me saying go Turkey so
thank you guys so much for that I have a
lot of exciting new news coming - a lot
of stuff that I can finally release that
I've been working on before a lot of new
stuff that's coming through this week so
hopefully it's all cool I'm gonna take
you all with me so I'll see you guys
then I'll give you guys a comment
question of the day the comic question
of the if I if you ever want me to get a
pet let's say a pet I've had a cat a
hamster a fish if you guys I don't know
what kind of pad I'm thinking about
bringing like a cool pet not nothing
major nothing like a dog or like or like
a lion or pet monkey something if you
guys ever want me to get a pet let me
know what pet you think would be cool
for me to get even if it's a fish even
if it's a snail anything you guys want
leaving the comments below dummy gang
I'll see you guys tomorrow thank you
guys so much for the love and support
I'll see you guys soon take care and
peace I love you hey
always a favor I'm strapped full teeth
let me wipe em away okay this would
choose a sleigh
