go Jeff let's go chair let's go chair
you got to tell you you got that Allah
you're right come on get back up
whenever you fall down gotta come back
up even higher okay let's go come on we
got this Lawson come on I didn't say
dance as you said walk this is how you
take an Instagram picture Muslim like
he's in a room and make him smile
this how we mother remains much awesome
we got the picture we put it up on
Instagram make sure you guys go follow
me Instagram if you have it and go like
this picture and comment and I'll show
in tomorrow's vlog all right
Rima is such a hassle to handle with
look her she knows where Central Park is
like she knows the way and she's only
three years old and she knows doing Rima
Central Park is that Reba what are you
doing Central Park is that way in my
central bug is that way trust me in my
Central Parkway let's go
guys what's up right now I'm heading to
the Apple store a lot of traffic
wait never mind sama
right at his bookbag on I look like a
school kid like I'm going to school like
a last sat/rad this really stupid
argument just earlier with my mom and I
feel so bad so mom you're watching it I
love you and I'm so sorry it was really
stupid of me to blame you because my
camera was lost
basically I lost my camera and I blamed
it on my mom like it was you you cleaned
up my room so you must have lost it then
I went out the house and I called me she
was like look was in your foot back and
all back home I got my bow back my
camera was in my PO box I'm sorry mom I
love you so much
oh so bad he's been waiting for like 30
minutes too bad for everybody today
my name is Adam it is he
Adam
wizard
what's up but let me have any homies
so it's good
I was like this and
moanikeala hard they come out very
supportive
the co home is right they got so much
for everything
so we're gonna head out to go because
I'm so hungry you happy all day don't be
like I'm getting skinnier so I need a
knee a lot I don't know about you but
I'm not diet an undying I need to get
way
sunglasses again I lost my other ones
that I got from Ireland ray-bans one for
Dallas
I promise this one that I'm going to get
I'm not gonna hold it just that when I
travel by those eleven I lost two
subclasses it's a bad time for one and
every minutes I'm getting a new one
today so really yeah I mean what a Tom
Ford now Tom Ford is bad look for a
massage
it's good but this one looks really big
when you try it out and see what happens
almost on this one it's like we feel our
choice be
they're pretty song I think they look
nice all right
what kind of Brandon SD or you're
Piccadilly if you are you have nagging
to lose it I promise everybody I really
have to be sold under smartly
responsible I'm not responsible
I just got the Dior sunglasses my sister
called me she said hey look I found your
Prada sunglasses I'm like oh my god
well I'm gonna just keep these ones I'm
gonna make sure these are good Prada
wanna hold it and I'm a high to
somewhere now I just wonder where the
Ravens moment you want to shop like 1 or
2 weeks when it's like so long I'm going
out I just get like sloppy and like
messy like things yeah boss oh look at
that
I've never done any yoga also like that
my like lemon all feels anybody put them
in our view is that comfortable
I tried it before like I'm never like I
feel like it's just like it's just like
I don't know just doesn't feel right
here for moments you have sense and take
a moment we've got a lot of work and
experience maybe into your back body was
into the back of your work space it's
I'm glad I feel really good but it's
harder than it looks you guys my part
things easy like what they do and
they're just going like that it takes
every inch every muscle every little
thing every power that you have just to
do that so huge shout out to everybody
who does yoga just goes all out guys and
through every piece he's hungry so I
told him we're gonna we're not we're not
gonna go to a fancy restaurant what take
you here to McDonald's ready yeah right
there say but uh Papapa I'm loving it
Papa there's cool is it no no
Missoula isn't working here so finally
eating we're eating at this pasta spot
not too fancy not McDonald's or
something you know something something
that is suitable for slim so we want we
know x2 with the action it's okay both
you guys can act stupid so you guys are
good
I'm at the roast about your OSI roast me
I'm at the roast veal roast cool you
like that roasted chicken that was so
late oh my god before you like
yo how about the fry you like that fried
rice ruin races big break baked rice and
I bit fake I goes big potato that's oh
no what so my lover bro I'm gonna punch
you like the Hawaiian Punch I that bad
was it you want a straw you want
what the heck oh no this is the part
where you get a gun anybody just phone
that it's all pretty much we say money
job in the lab and you extend joke and
comes morning
so what do we extend the job at some
subsided go closer tip solid but I make
it funny now road they make it like
follow you guys need some money right
you want a penny or you want to just a
penny pasta
oh my yo please someone do you have a
gun I'm laughing about it that was my
only 10 cent to do you help this corn
kid make some funny jokes
I guys so it's time to wrap up this vlog
hope you all enjoy this life you did
makes you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey thank you guys so much for all of
the support you guys always show every
single day you guys seriously make me so
happy you guys brighten up my mood so I
really hope these daily vlogs brighten
up your mood or at least makes you guys
even smile or even crack a smile so
thank you guys so much always believing
itself always stay true to yourself and
always think positive keep smiling life
is too short to be thinking negative to
be thinking about the negative stuff
keep thinking positive have positive
thoughts positive people around you and
I promise your life will be positive I
know it's hard and it's a challenge but
I promise we have positive people around
you
positive thoughts if you had you always
keep smiling and you always believe in
yourself you will stay positive you will
have positive things coming so she'll
lie everything goes well I have a new
main channel video I decided it would be
Saturday you guys told me Saturday so I
took you guys decision Saturday it will
be up new main channel video of that
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care or
peace I like you to me man hello you
take
you
