so the first question is why weren't you
in the gang it is only 12 p.m. there's
already so many people in front of our
house and it looks like my mom is
handling it and I seriously think she's
gonna bring out the wash on you guys and
I'm not even joking wall up she swings
at you guys at the my wash it ain't my
fault hey guys what's up a doobie gang
this is Adam Saleh and I'm here at the
new Adams family house where every day
is a big day and I see a lot of you guys
telling me Adam why don't you say your
intro no more I don't happen to hope you
all having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day I'm gonna tell you
guys the truth right now and this is
just my opinion so I want you guys to
comment below your opinions too because
I love hearing your opinions whether
it's negative positive it doesn't matter
it's still an opinion so I felt like the
intro that I've always done for like
three four years is just so so long if
some of you guys if you guys are
watching the video or if any of you guys
are new but like if you guys ever hear
me say that long intro it just makes you
guys want to just leave the video I
don't know I just feel like you guys
would be like cause it's two extra let
me just get the hell out of here and I
don't want that to happen I want you
guys to watch the vlogs every day and
the old blogs because it's lit every
single day so that's just my opinion to
do me again you guys let me know in the
comments below what I should do should I
stick with the old intro or should I
stick with what I have right now just go
straight to the point I feel like that's
good because it takes you straight to
the action straight to the thing just
like right now about to go get Rima from
school in a few because today the day
where Janine has her little Q&A with you
guys so do me again come see you guys in
the next shop no I said happy be bad boy
how you doing are you gonna be good
today you sure say what look no no you
say right Sawalha no no
voil√° not one girl say what look what
are you gonna be good seriously cuz if
you're bad you're gonna get a spanking
like this and I'm gonna go okay okay
okay mmm
what this dude's telling me to shut up
why he's up
why is he so bad man anyways Ubuntu go
get Rima from school and after that
we're gonna go get your knee you going
with your scooter today guys look who we
got from school you got Reema
what are you doing good how was your
second day of school what do you want
you want you to vlog you want attention
huh school I never been to insufficient
good work and pension and detention yeah
that's good as good be good don't be
like Jamel ok ok ok danger man we
throwing shots at you detention boy guys
this is the first time ever I meet my
neighbor I didn't know I like I had no
clue where my neighbors are from but my
neighbor he's from Pakistan from the
whore Jen all right yeah Jenna and your
messy fan or no yeah I'm probably gonna
be seeing you get older and so uh yeah
let's do it
all right guys I'm not my neighbor's
house Jenna right here about to play a
game of horse
man there's people in front of my house
again yeah I'm gonna do this shot right
here for game of horse okay he tried out
to the homie Jenna right here man we had
a six in game of horse thank you so much
for having see her Raji hi guys I'm
gonna need to hold both of these people
back but about to meet each other for
the first time you ready wait just wait
relax
Oh
such a pug man Aydin is chasing him with
their hands he got the hand Oh like a
moss and he's so nice he's trying to be
friends with he took his word he said
what line he's a good boy today he
didn't fight back he was good hi what's
that how you doing are you friends with
Mawson yes Watson are your friends -
Aydin ah yes - oh look at that oh so
cute
they're friends now they were fighting
before I okay so we're gonna ask
questions - Janine the new Adams family
member in the vlogs ready sure so the
first question is why weren't you in
vlogs yo have to hold these kids like I
have to make them calm down I was
thinking it like get released and grab
the camera great let's see what happens
if I let go ready set go
unleash and he's go for the air let's
see okay so Rima is gonna ask the next
question or Eva asked you I don't like
words I'm so bad at them so then what do
you do for fun I think in watch
so yes - do me gank her secret talent is
singing guys thumbs up if you guys want
you need to sing if you guys want to
hear Jenny's voice thumbs up thumbs up
okay Janine what is your biggest fear
spiders spiders well I'm all let's just
say spiders are gonna be on you soon
yes well you need what is your favorite
food my favorite food I can't choose
between chef food and zone next question
why are you such a yemeni I grew up in a
house that everybody took their back
Arabic food and then even my groom might
get that she won't ever talk to me in
English okay let's do this reimagine
even speak to each other in Arabic okay
okay fancy cameras hey we're back what
is that Rima what are you doing what
what the heck is that
Kevin T I'm Dylan thank you so much mama
for the food I love you so much
she makes the best food ever home for
Michelle huh there's no what max get
married because of what we're not we're
gonna go eat together what the hell also
do me gang I just got my big package
here today it is something for the kids
I'm gonna give you guys a little hint
and you guys can guess down below
McDonald's McDonald's is the hint if
something that I was surprised for the
kid also do me hearing I'm still waiting
on the thumbs up for today's blog so far
it's 10,000 thumbs up in one hour once
you guys get 30,000 thumbs up we're
gonna be checking this secret room right
here I wanna open it webbing I'm not
opening it now I gotta wait 30,000
thumbs up 30,000 thumbs up for today's
vlog to hear Janine say adieu me getting
out of salad lives the stock went up
okay do me Hank so I gotta go get a la
what the heck Rima oh my god she gave me
a mini heart attack that's actually a
good idea Holloway we seen it I'm a big
muscle yeah read me you're crazy what
did you come in here what the heck
okay hi decide I'm gonna bring Boston
okay Martha
come come in come I got to show you
something come you both they're gonna go
inside you guys get a scare get through
okay cool
are you guys ready yes all right how
about a galleys - the kids are looking
for you the kids are looking for you we
got to show you something Reba we need
to reward that okay do me gang so I
gotta go put on my basketball clothes
and get ready because I got to go play
basketball as I told you guys we're
having a big big game in San Diego con
New York City which is going to be
December 16 and December 17 last time
when I wants to go play basketball did
not vlog it there but today I'm here to
vlog it for you guys so let's see how it
goes I'm gonna see you guys in the next
shot do me good want to tell you guys
sneak on December 16 seven seventeen
this time we're not doing full courts
five on 5 we're doing three on threes
and the team is me slim muddy kicks and
another special guest that I cannot say
because money kicks he's once announcing
it but it's gonna be at three on three
and we each need four people on our team
because we need one person sub in and
out we got to take this man everyone see
we got to play hard stuff he's trying to
play hard is it be hard to play what a
third person third or fourth person we
don't play basketball I know but it's
all good we're gonna take it we don't
play hard and all these I'm dropping
points on the job buckets that's all I
want at least one a few rounds okay I
was always so migos right now about to
confess ketball my practice and we go
see how it goes guys
what the homie got me right here huh
gang man right here he's the best to
talk about their New York City - what a
fake and um the story remember it's
totally that we had I'm gonna tell you
guys real quick guys so I was in a vlog
with him years back I said we just met
that Egyptian home right here he works
with the Victoria's Secret Show and he
stuff we're trying to get some use a
book you got the whole schedule what is
it so tell her house when he's taking
his own cards today so who say your name
like you take it was his name his name
is right it's crazy right there's a
Molly in that blog I'm so sorry but me
asking him for Zane's the days manager
like info and give him giving it to me
got a buyer he was a lot of tell us but
he knows us so he's told us that we're
gonna close management right now I'm
gonna talk his man and see if we can
meet him Adam Adam Sally she sa LDH
got him fired so I'm so sorry one okay
just for that he gets the shoutout right
here it says Eevee I will give you each
other I'm sorry I'm so sorry
it was worth it I'm sorry oh my god I
should have never asked to present
management team I'm looking for using
also with the homie raghida you see what
their brother is right there Augie and
Rami stuff is good and imma show you
guys
his supreme collection maybe sometimes a
sweet girl something like that cuz he
got the dopest supreme selection
definitely hulking him off yeah he gave
me the first supreme which is the hat
that my dad stole for me so uh so yeah
I'll keep you guys updated with that you
ready to ball out I look like a
middle-eastern porzingis okay do me gang
I am ending the vlog here I just want to
say thank you guys so much from the
bottom of my heart for all the support
you guys have been showing sister new at
assembly house has been out there's a
lot more to come
part 2 of the chapter 2 announcement the
new Adams family member that's going to
be in the vlogs which is hampson
highness older sister I am getting a dog
either a German Shepherd or a husky I'm
sixty forty now German Shepherd sixty in
husky forty if you guys haven't
subscribed make sure you guys subscribe
if you guys haven't put thumbs up book
the thumbs up if you guys haven't put
your notifications off put your
notifications on I will see you guys
tomorrow duniya exploring the secret
room take care and I'll pitch a like way
to put you on tonight cuz I saw a field
girl and on a rail we'll be doing the
most tonight just you and I girl
if I put on my need aside from
one-on-one session and you already know
