do you know do you know how to make a
seat see I seen you said acid guys I
have some crazy exciting news I know
it's probably not exciting together so
exciting to me Marcin just started
walking today I know you guys have like
oh my god this and he walk anyways cuz
she's a picture I'm standing up but no
usually these before it only walks like
one step or two steps but today he has
walked about 20 30 steps in the first
person you walk to was Lee so I feel
like oh my god I'm so excited I'm gonna
show you guys him walking right now it's
so crazy seeing a little 10 11 month old
kid just walking is like a little midget
walking look so funny oh yeah let's go
let's go come on let's go come on come
on why you walk like that don't touch
that let's go let's go baby koalas go
was it good job
Oh watch this watch this
Hey look oh hey Musa let's go champ
let's go chair don't touch the wall
don't touch the wall you cheater don't
that won't touch it
no touch it again well he go ahead look
at that let's go chair sabotage you that
Mama's gonna vacuum you if you do let's
go come come you want to go out let's go
let's go this is Muslim and that Mawson
walk to him let's go bow to him the kid
is crazy home again don't mess it sure
walk on it exactly good he wants to walk
them oh go mozzie go bus it's not
touching that you let's go Lizzy yes
that's what I'm talking about
you have Naboo hi guys it's official
must officially walks handedly this is
crazy seeing him grow up it's just oh my
god it's true yeah I remember when he
was born which is almost here and now he
is walking hey guys what's up right now
I am in Union Square with Stephanie real
a main Channel video and it is going we
can't say we can't see what it is yet we
can't say it ideal yeah but yeah it's a
crazy Cystic video and she involves me
in her acting and we see how it goes
she's been doing how many years ago when
I think she'd been too active like six
years and she probably acts better than
maybe I should say it not a she she acts
really good so it's going to crazy
hopefully she ready I'm already kind of
scratching me like I don't want to tell
them the clues but she just scratched me
don't beat me out for a bit look at that
squirrel sir it's a squirrel behind you
it's girl behind him is about to attack
you oh my god oh my god why are you
doing it let it touch you
oh my god Oh what the heck you a G oh my
god he's crazy
get street cred she got street cred for
that alright so I just got done filming
my video huge shout out to slim for
helping me out here no no doubt then
he's about to shoot this video now and
yeah he's gonna go oh never spoke just
old man named Steve oh yeah this is
steve-o give me some video so it should
go great and Stephanie meets up and just
finished basically done and
after this we're gonna have a double
date I know night I was all day we're
just finishing up we just finished a
video hopefully to that I finished mine
customs gonna do his and let's see how
this go practice yeah this lobule is
hard again no mana parties you can
smarter do it if you mad don't be scared
to do it just be confident look at me
like that woman this how you gotta hit
him 70 show belong in the fucking
kitchen
oh it's a lies back to kissing a car
like that
that's how you gotta hit him that's it
I'll try I go you got it don't try do it
oh yeah just do it what's up sighs I'm
at the homies right what's your name
Josie Jenni Jenni Oh Jenni hi so nice to
meet you guys
you like the vlogs of the main channel
lame Aparna so sweet now you to be the
vlog here what's up there you got so
much fun hungry
as well at the sofa spot we're taking a
break we've been filming like five six
hours it's so hot
we're taking a break shout out to hot
what's your name Chad to Tamara it's a
see here so cold feels beautiful oh my
gosh it feels so good I don't know I
don't know about you guys I'm steaming
it's so hot do you know do you know how
to make a seat
see I seen you said acid no I'll see
them go like this right like that make a
seat I got a teacher Arabic I'll see
didn't knows I see now I know so did I
what do you know how to cook like what
like rice and beans like a non the
recipes it makes me fart yeah
legitimately missing our life we could
mean singer did Bill leave Worcester are
you missing our melody we're missing our
melted fairy basically you're missing
the Imam yes yeah I like then sing it
you got see me something
we think - we can - are you getting
dressed we'll Sabbath as we sing the new
last thing after all right okay so I
would say you are my fire the one
these are you believe when you say I
want it better way tell me why ain't
nothin but a mistake tell me why ain't
nothin but a heartache tell me why I
never wanna hear you say I want it that
way
give it up up hey what's up slide of it
thank you Dave thank you so much yeah
okay get your autograph later see ya I
don't
I'll give you autograph later okay a
nose like competition
I knew you guys never realize we don't
have the same and like
it was good yeah thanks thank you guys
so much
you want to show off yeah we don't show
things like we're humble but another man
here you guys gonna go she was taking
selfies come fly with me let's fly let's
fly away
a if you can use some exotic booze
there's a part if I may come by with
penis - my way
a let's take
come 5d come on
oh hey Molly great day hey Molly great
that a second
good jack it feels like that I don't
know the main singer you guys were good
you guys are really good
I'm not to say that it was really good I
like that oh yeah last Rhino was nice I
guess why I just dancing us around
well I know it's basically told me sick
okay I'm never bringing slim to a
restaurant this face he ever get like
he's so good he's so loud he's like
people can't be doing a big anti the guy
came he asked for something you guys we
don't have basic they got like that Mike
what the hell these girls are like what
what does he do who's super how is it
eating with her she does closable cuz
she's white we're not we not one pushing
that way yeah why you white wish you
could we don't fit in you shut up and
get over us yeah I'm saying but shut up
look at those mops lobster mac and
cheese lobster ravioli and this kid is
eating like a little kid oh my god never
again like someone will take your exam
I'm taking the
I guess it was time to wrap up this vlog
hope you all enjoyed this bike who did
you made it to the end of this vlog
right here make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey few guys do not
know what go turkey means let me know in
the comments below I won't even say it
some people a lot of people know what go
Turkey means some people don't know what
go Turkey me is like why are you saying
Turkey I'm from Turkey I don't know what
it means but you guys let me know in the
comments below if you do know what go
turkey means one of my craziest wishes
that I want to do I want to be in Turkey
and say go Turkey and make it the most
thumbs up vlog ever in Turkey hopefully
that will come true we'll see how it
goes maybe I just want to say we had a
long long day filming a brand new video
for you guys so hopefully all it turns
out well it will be out around I think
Saturday or Sunday you guys let me know
either Saturday or Sunday one of those
days it'll be I'm gonna edit it today I
have some crazy crazy reactions that you
guys will not believe well you guys so
so much for all the love and support you
guys always shown the daily vlogs every
single day I was trying to make the
vlogs around 910 minutes long I try to
make it like long for you guys so you
guys can have so you guys can bring up
your days or make you guys at least
smile or forget about the stress that
you had and just focus on something to
make you guys smile a happy so thank you
guys so much for all the love support
that I do me again you guys are
seriously so amazing you guys motivate
me to do a lot more you guys inspire me
to do a lot more to to work even harder
to be more dedicated thank you guys so
much see you guys tomorrow with another
vlog take care herb it's hallo
you
