hey guys what's up I'm here with the
Adams family right sir we're at the pool
it is a super hot day like you guys do
not know how hot it I just seen them
right now right today are some crazy
stuff we're gonna go to the pool go
beyond the pool right now
no John need well we're not Johnny all
right don't say that you see I'm a drum
you go sir I don't want you to prove
this whole summer so actually I did go
to the pool but like you know in other
countries where it's like backyard and
the house is up this is my first time
actually go into the pool there's a huge
diving board there it's about like 15 20
feet I might do something crazy but
we'll see how it goes the diving board
like 15 20 feet can you do it oh my
whole family's always scared to go in
the water with me because they think I'm
gonna drown them but why would I do that
I would've doing him got a look at you
through those guys could you put your
apps gone Ready Set use our own bar
the kind is feeling like that oh I just
punches it hurt my hand kind of thing I
need to buy a bra my brother but I which
is the rebound wasn't that we need to
shave his beard guys tell him in the
comments below
shave your beard oh I'm dropping out I
jump easy jump this whole he's gonna be
going that like watery layer get over
he's going for it out oh you go next yes
sir
let's go jump wow you're not opposed to
dive he's gonna blow the whistle right
now hi
I'm say you go let me kick you
our hands in the kiddie pool but you do
it in a kiddie pool
come on we're gonna go to that ball
right now look right there everybody's
waiting online like my brother's looking
good waiting just come just come are you
gonna go in just this one huh no I'm
gonna go the big one that's a nice one
the diving board Remo come online look
at them I saw up to ten to drown
Rosie I'll go those kicking oh my god
I'm just going to keep the lifeguards
we're doing their job see if they know
how to like you know do their jobs
quickly excites to be a lifeguard
back in Yemen Luisa swim in the ocean in
the Dead Sea niversity
hello she went in James Harden is going
sick Oh
what the heck was that
Oh Oh that's posted on you can go how to
run I don't know I don't know why I do
yes what's up SAP was good it was good
that's good so we're gonna be in the box
of it say what's up yeah yeah yeah I
think it's her know how to swim out
another good
I
she's deep
can't swim
all right so everyone had to leave the
kiddie pool but someone took a pool then
there was just so gross
only in New York City only at NYC's
where they got dirty poops you know said
only in New York City man fucking the
pool scared the shit out of the kid
right out literally it was in that in
the fucking drain and guess what
that just happened yeah la baby we're
from y'all from here let your background
Cecilia the new affiliate oh nice the
sick nice yes good II gotta swim huh do
you not I just pretended to drown
earlier for the camera
see that subscribe would see me never
trust a woman why not you got to stop
what - that's crazy
oh we're done with the pool but every
time you go to the pool always make sure
you take a shower because I'd like to
look for either side phone gate Oh
Dave yeah can you do it ha lips ready
you can take a shower like 30
Yamini 90s first of all Oh taking yummy
Nikes off over there oh this is my
brother's car is this Sequoia I like it
like it's a white Toyota Sequoia but
look how huge it is
it's way too big use the waiting it's
cause way too big
why you're gonna tell me the way to be
I'm stop baby then after you have a nice
crazy swim you get so hungry and you eat
some New York City pizza New York City
pizzas always just a sweet savage so if
you guys ever come to New York make sure
you get some pizza for relieving there
are sailor rushing page pregnant on
Hamas amigo we got a whole chicken pie
pizza and a vegetable pizza look at the
regular one right there
I'll be in the kitchen cooking I see you
and my baby now your ride with my baby I
be in it just to get same with my
favorite guy and I get right however
side robber
come on let's turn up together the gun
come on
oh she broke her phone oh my god she
cried Naboo oh my god he cried the room
I feel so bad for Haley she went from
break your legs to break your phone it
was my fuck I told her to come out here
come on those dances chill out and shit
are bringing a phone oh no don't be
broken dr. Dre is messed up though I
didn't make an entrance okay alright so
I have some secret talents and I'm gonna
show you guys one of them actually know
how to do like like backflips I know
I'll do like a lot of flips front flips
back flips switch when I was younger but
I never really do it cuz I don't feel
like I never really do it I don't know
why I just thought about like you know
what imma do I'm uh I'm gonna slow back
from I'm gonna have a lot more secret
talents but you guys have to give you
guys have to give this value thumbs up
every time i reaches 10,000 thumbs up
i'll reveal one of my other secret
talents so maybe it's cool maybe it's
not i'ma try out I was back for a Medora
my dope
don't try to open don't try it outside
when it's I'm a concrete floor I just
hurt my leg like under my legs when you
lay into hurts Reba get this thumbs up
and I'll probably reveal my next secret
town going home and you're going on are
you gonna miss me yes give me a big kiss
come on give you a big kiss ah
you're biting my face a big kiss give me
a big kiss ah a big kiss go yeah yeah oh
okay okay that was it okay okay that's a
good one that's a good one yeah you just
ate my face oh my god this would choose
to say
she told me that he was a best friend
Devastator she don't know how
and daddy how could you leave before
also talking about the car that my that
arm getting um we still my credits what
happened I look let me tell them
historical so my dad's always shine boy
yeah let me tell you I'm the the car um
we're putting on hold and target my
driving license because they said I
can't get the car on my name because I
have no credit and it can't be on my
dad's name because my dad already has a
lot of cars that's under his name they
said and my my name is I have no credit
so I have to get my license first and
then I get the car so I'm like damn gosh
so I'm waiting I'm probably on my
license I have to schedule it so you
guys are still gonna be on this journey
with me of me getting my license and
then me getting my you know car but ya
know see how it goes she'll ah all goes
well I'm an end of lag here guys time to
wrap it up and let's end the vlog
together say it's time to wrap up this
blog shut up I think what up and open up
- okay I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care good night good night make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey I love you guys and pizza I like
you
