never be ashamed of your culture
so guys I am in Times Square having a
photo shoot
he gives different stifle response I
thank you so much I appreciate it that
you thought okay this is cool thing my
amulet you like making ourself I don't
know the intensity it looks really
really cool
Mario doesn't go
why does the village
is look at it
yeah
what's up guys right now we're in public
let's film an Instagram video super
crowded but it's all good something
either
never be ashamed of your culture
this guy doesn't know how to do it more
in 21 years of being an Arab you know
how to do these fun
thank you so much to meet you boys yeah
it is
just a lien joste quick quick shout-out
to you guys without say what happened in
love we were finally done some with two
in Sierre videos ya know how much of
hard work that we got a do for changing
itself a lot people staring at me
oh it's so fun obviously this is fun but
it's embarrassing those are this part of
the day it was cracking me up
I was doing a lot of stupid stuff behind
the camera hella stupid if we bought
this mic from Best Buy for about $30 and
then just use it in a video and now
we're gonna return it we are gonna go
watch Straight Outta Compton haven't
been to the movie theatres for a while
but you know what we're from we were
straight now we need our thumbs in our
straight out a.m. and you're on plan
that movie I won't agree I know I will
because we not white that would work in
the kinda way it says the movie starts
9:45 p.m. it's about 10 o'clock right
now it's not gonna start here in America
it takes like 30 40 minutes of
commercials let me know in the comments
below how long have commercials has
taken your country in your city because
commercials you can take so long
look it's the commercial
I haven't seen you guys for a while have
you been Deena when you change your hair
I send it to you in Israel how did I
send it to you in this era when I posted
it I changed my hair a lot you want to
change your hair yeah
make it you want to make a pink what are
you doing huh guys this is crazy we were
number 19 in the R&B charts this is oh
my god I never expected the song has
even came out in the US the song has
even came on us it only came out in like
the other side of the world
and we're already number 19 below Chris
Brown so I just wanna say thank you to
every single one of you who have got the
song and thank you to everybody who is
gonna get the song was in the US I got
it was time to wrap up this vlog hope
you all enjoy this vibe if you did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey if you got to this vlog at the
end right now you're watching this give
it a thumbs up I know it's a short vlog
I try to see how many of you make it to
the end of the vlog thank you guys so so
so much for all your love and support
seriously I appreciate every single one
of you who always show so much love like
sometimes I don't know how to give back
to you guys I don't know how to like
repay you guys of showing a lot of love
and support but I try to do it with with
vlogs every single day but I also wanna
repay you guys a lot more that's what
I'm gonna be having more Instagram
videos coming soon more crazy videos
coming soon on the main channel a lot
more things coming so I wanna say thank
you so so so much for your love and
support if you guys can't go to the link
down below on iTunes it's available
worldwide and google play amazon
everything few guys will not know what's
available
it's my single featuring Zach Knight
called tears your reaction has been
crazy I did not I seriously did not
expect that number 19 right now on the
R&B charts if you guys get it go get it
it's just 99 cents if we reach number
one I'll be doing a lot of phone calls
with you guys some adieu me gang phone
calls with you guys so make sure you all
go get it and get it to number one
hopefully altar
well I love you guys to do me gang thank
you so much for any love and support
I'm losing my voice because I'm getting
kind of sick I don't know how I'm
getting sick during summertime but yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care or
peace live
you
