remember you never succeed until you
feel at least once crazy mother you guys
don't know muffin has likes little
asthma he has to breathe it but like
this it's wrong smell it
yes to what smelly oh sorry yes is
sniffing like this
then let's you don't have any dinner you
don't have it you know rema knows how to
do it they may always look sad for
mustn't screamin on let me mine pick up
her mother not you you want to really do
it wants me to do it again
he wants me to do it he owned he lets me
do it okay baby Marvin he missed you so
much
what about you okay
Deena hi how are you
what are you doing status you know I
should join the testicle get the paper
says tears have to hold on to this
weapon it says tears I do the sad face
both you guys why you want to be happy
what why why cuz you want to what you
don't want to be tears you wanna be
happy I want to be pious about you is a
hot day today in New York City like
extra high I'm probably gonna get a ten
day is day to trying to get my my car
today we're gonna go to the Toyota spot
we'll see how it goes so that my dad is
in love with two other so look we've
brought here we brought Jemaine he wants
to come through with us and get some
cars he's gonna help us decide what car
you can help me decide what car to get
yes what question I get
like Lexus
his favorite cars Lexus so Yoda
we out so we out now that you wearing a
hat you got to act like a sleazy okay
say al was good it's so crazy how my dad
trying to choose me out the best car but
he's trying to buy a diamond car but he
doesn't know it's really for him yeah
any time to choose the color he likes to
give to me so it's which is a good thing
so at the end of day it's a car that he
likes but I cannot wait I cannot wait
for this happiness so we're gonna get
ever over again
but what car weekend what's the call
Toyota what hey ah what hat Toyota what
happens they are on it my dad I said
always what's up want to get the Toyota
phone yeah some reason no one is coming
what about Sequoia bro we have this coil
going up up to see the Toyota foreigner
yes put it on video no I'm sorry mama
say mama Lucy named Howard I'm we're
home
no his name is will Howard we're gonna
so we're looking for the Turner for
silver one you don't do look at that car
on the corner right there I got do a
credit application yeah start it and put
the man in there to get some AC okay
alright so you don't be so hot catchy
but hold it
thank you I'll be right back alright get
you oh my gosh you you're later had time
for our we're gonna go in and try to
have a toilet pull up a damn tall I'm
here for what do you guys think it's
much bigger much cooler in the silver
I'm loving this color the better than
the ones this here what are gonna be
brilliant huh
which one is better this one at the BMW
never lose with best man listen good
teaching this one is nice I like look at
this in the back I could charge my
laughs - Vinny we definitely get on this
one
therefore here look at it back Wyman
look at the back that is sick
glad it sick what do you think about
that - man you like it
I can't take this you take it off and
rip it off look at this crazy view of
New York City make this view of them
oh right lucky in through the team bra
16 ago come off for two and a half
months this time video for the so from a
snapshot of song Nana about YouTube's it
was iris with us uh oh hey you see was
make sure you guys got what's up your
warning
all right what's good we here too mad
cool views for Washington horses ready
to do here I'll make a stop war one my
shit I'm gonna hang up wanna stop please
with superpowers gate
Open Sesame Oh
Oh see this guy thinks like he did that
purpose come on guys we're here at the
Lexus shop come through go find the
Yemeni homies worried about playing ball
home without that he came to her weight
so we tell us her ice on them what's are
you dad gonna buy the vehicle but that
is literally semis we're saving days I
will check out a Mercedes go check
toilet already I like some see how it
goes
yeah thank you so much don't go to my
dad in Austin can be seen a tail keep it
on a lot further yeah look at that girl
taking a selfie photo shoot she's gonna
be there you go into the oh my god
you know
so we didn't choose a car because we're
waiting we don't want to rush the
decision so tomorrow we're going to
check out some more cars and you guys
are going to go on this journey with me
right now we're in Times Square and MeJA
man so what's up hey you said you saw a
cool cars let's go now we're gonna go on
a cool adventure Adams family adventure
ready ready yeah i'ma take them on and
any Adams out of adventure I've only
taken nothing Rema Rema was always been
spoiled by your love so I always feel
bad Jamel always tells me I know why
don't you take me oh you know what I'm
gonna take you to the Times Square
remember take you on a nice adventure
we'll see how it's gonna go let's see
how it's gonna turn up I'm gonna make
juh man do public there's outside of
Times Square ready
the first one is ready for this all
right I want you to go and fight
spider-man right yeah just go up to him
and just be like you just start fighting
it okay look man you have to do it give
me give me
I said you want me to do with you do it
together
yes okay ready let's go
okay look this new thing they added
looks sick so Jamel just want to go to
the haunted house I want you to go so he
decided to go to Toys R Us so our atom
solid venture with just bit closed doors
shut up and I'll just give him any toy
you have you can choose out any toy you
want here to us okay can I get this one
just not something over $49.99 I was
joking yeah whatever you want about what
trig is that think about buying a
skateboard or something
what do you guys say no I shouldn't go I
met this amazing fan and the taxi I'm
supposed to thank you so much for making
my day thank you so much for just
calling me off and making me feel cooler
when when when it's so warm so awesome
say thank you so much to this fan when
it's so hot you always make me feel so
much like cooler so thank you so much I
appreciate you you know you I respect
that
I appreciate another one another one
another one
lovely another one another one another
one another one another one
crazy yeah nothing no that's part of do
me hanging up saying you know these fans
are part of a do real and real MVP
announcing they cool me up ah so we are
in karaoke for the first time Jamel is
here are you excited about cashing the
70s we cannot sing the song tears why
and three day or two days if you guys
are watching this tears comes out in two
days and yet you will have to get it on
iTunes and worldwide
don't listen to tears now I want to talk
anybody want to talk but you got
something to say but other than that
what it won't live just about to do it
to get my drag
ah thank you ladies and gentlemen thank
you Japan will give us any more
choose one Justin Bieber or one
direction
ah just my favorite oh you're a Libra
our interaction believe it oh you're a
believer but do you also like one
direction yes okay that's cool with
Pakistan fine move us I'm fine
so I just got home right now and me and
Jimin are so so mad because the toy that
I gave him which came with the bow and
arrow and this it was supposed to come
included with the with the arrows inside
but the arrows didn't were there they
weren't there so it's supposed to be
five hours in there but there wasn't
anything there so we have nothing to
like shoot into and we're really really
mad because we traveled a long way to go
there but it's just first world problems
but it's still like got me so mad cuz I
was so excited for him and he's so sad
he's the normal G mad you're mad look
come on come on I'm gonna do a full
house memory there's so many people out
there who don't have toys like that get
me economic come on there's so many
people out there who don't have any toys
right so you have to be thankful you
have to be thankful you have something
you're awesome ok cliffs a move hyah
Sonya later come on tomorrow night come
on come okay okay this is the Arab way
said the flowers with this everybody
don't cry you're mad now this is this is
the Arab wishes we're gonna go back
tomorrow we're gonna yell at the lady
all right okay don't worry just hold it
be men okay okay okay look in my dad
loves you keep me safe what's wrong with
you
okay I got so it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you all enjoyed this flag if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go turkey I am gonna be saying
why I have not gotten my license all
right so this is basically what happened
I was 16 years old at the age of 16 you
can get your license in New York City
so I want to go take my road test a road
test inner-city takes about 10-15
minutes and then you either pass or fail
so this is what happened me and my dad
went I want to go take my road test my
dad is there waiting in the family and
the Adams family I'm the one who always
passes everything I'm the one who always
gets AIDS or whatever I'm the one who
always even though like I've had so many
fights I'm the one who's always I'm the
kid who's like so much pressures on like
Oh Adam he's the one that always gets
alright he's the one that always gets
everything first he's the one that gets
this first so the pressures I mean
getting the road to somebody know what
I'm gonna go pass it I got this you know
this was my first time taking the road
test so please do not judge me I was 16
years old and it was something so stupid
I went in the car being the nice guy
that I am like hey how are you doing new
UI here's again she's like hey what's up
how's it goin how's your day and I'm
like oh everything's going great so okay
get ready get ready start so first thing
I did was turn on the car and then she
said okay that's it you're done you
failed that I'm like how'd that finish
like you supposed to put on his tipo
first I didn't put on bus depot so I
came out and my dad is like what what's
wrong key to the lady was like oh he
fell he didn't put on the cpap first my
dad ended up telling the whole world he
end up repeating it like so many times
in our bazaar every 10 minutes cycle
don't know how to put seat belt on like
you're so stupid you're so so you go to
school for no reason why you're so dumb
to be honest I was muffle I was not
thinking at all I forgot to literally
put on the seat belt but I just started
turning on the car so nervous I was just
like I felt like you know anyone like
you feel guilty but you're not guilty I
don't know I'm not feeling blame you
start doing something stupid but it was
so embarrassing literally the test
lasted a good thirty seconds we've
traveled a narrow way to take the road
test my dad is there waiting is like it
my son's gonna kill it and I failed in
30 seconds it was so one of the most
embarrassing moments of my life and then
wait I'm still not done seventeen years
old
I want again to take the road test I
don't know what it's my time to shine
let's do this I'm gonna take the road
test I'm Seventeen's old let me go do
this I went to the car my dad is waiting
outside he's ready he's like Adam got
this azules I've had a lot a lot of
practice and everything go in the car so
driving did a right turn did a nice
right turn did a left turn get a nice
left turn do you turn did a nice u-turn
oh one on a stop sign I did
you the stop sign there was a tree
blocking a stop side well I swear I'm
not there was a tree
black and a stop sign so I kind of
skipped the stop sign there was a car
coming
so I almost nearly like killed myself
hitting the car and the lady pressed the
brake so hard and she's like pull over
right there pull over so I pulled over I
thought she was gonna tell me like to
park the cars like you failed I was
literally about to start crying because
my dad is awaiting he's like Adams he
this this road test was longer than 30
seconds he must pass this road test on a
tick was already four minutes so far and
then when she was saying I fell I
started begging her again please do not
tell my dad she started cursing me out
I'm not even drunk she started cursing
me out because she said you could have
killed me you dumped this that like
calling me
I've never knew that someone can like
curse me out she made me feel so down my
self-esteem actually make me feel so
insecure about everything that I never
ever went back again I was like you know
what I'm gonna take the train out I
would take rollerblades to travel
wherever I go I would not I'll let my
wife drive I'm not gonna drive anymore
I'm and I'm gonna do anything and that's
why I've never gotten my license I just
I've just been afraid to go get it and I
feel like I'm a failure and me seeing
this story will probably you guys
probably look at me like I'm some kind
of failure but I promise I'm not always
try and I never give up in anything do
it and that's why in a couple days or in
a couple months when I schedule my over
test I am gonna go back and get my
license but I really hope you guys don't
look at me like I'm some kind of failure
I promise I'm not I always go hard and
what I do and yeah you guys know know
some of my own family members do not
even know this story because it's so
embarrassing imagine knowing you failed
like oh my gosh but you know what it's
the past shit happens
life goes on shit happens Adam goes on
I'm gonna continue my life going on and
hopefully all terms are great hopefully
I do get my license actually get my
license because well wouldn't just don't
want to get my license but that thank
you guys so much for all the love
support I truly love you guys so much
you guys have been showing some amazing
love and support I'm not even gonna say
thumbs up anymore just by you guys going
on Twitter Instagram liking commenting
and everything truly means the world so
thank you guys so much I'll see you guys
tomorrow
adieu me gang I love you guys so much
take care
hello remember you never succeed until
you feel at least once
you
