what's up do me gang I hope you all are
doing great it is a beautiful day here
in New York City and I got a cool
surprise for you guys well I am here at
the BMW spot this is not this is not my
crime just like in I'm just trying out
these cars gonna go car shopping me my
dad my dad thinks I'm going car shopping
for me to buy a car for myself but the
thing is he does not know that I'm
buying the car for him he got into this
huge car accident about last month ahem
ladies ok but the car is truly messed up
and they need to pay about so much money
to fix up that car that car is super old
so I decided you know what there you go
surprise my dad I'm gonna pretend that
this car I'm getting I'm gonna get a car
for me but at the end when I get it
I'm gonna just give it straight to him
hopefully it works out I try to get a
car today if it doesn't come today I'm
gonna give it tomorrow and you guys will
see it and you will see how my dad got
my dad is a really huge Carl over for me
I don't mind anakata might riding a bike
I don't mind and I didn't have my
license and I will tell you guys at the
end of this vlog why I don't have my
license because let me know in the
comments below which car should I get
that's good for my dad my dad was saying
he likes Toyota or BMW I feel like
there's a lot better cars that you can
get friend and do not say Ferraris
Lamborghinis or Bugattis because I can't
afford that those are just those are
just goals those are just goals so we're
trying out this car right here
my dad likes this color color like
Spacey like Space Gray see how it is
Casey hello my dad were in this BMW
trying to see which one is good feels
good is comfortable it's nice
jack is nice has a nice roof top hello
Ella like a look baby but you had a good
BMW is my dad's favorite type of car but
he also likes to order for some reason
so I don't know how to choose what car
would be good and let's see I was gonna
like I was sick this BMW looks oh my
gosh this car is crazy I would get that
personally I would get that food I'll be
a cool car for display for display only
you do not touch so we came here for a
lunch break on my dad I see some black
man and some meta right there was a
whole bad so help right there
makes a spicy you know what I'm saying
let's do this imma stop it as I'm your
mold stuffy you sir cuz I'm Slim Jim
without yah
I feel a birthdays as birthdays and
happy Labor Day clothes talking crap
wait Harlem of here ok in Harlem is
poisonous it's a punk it's a punk a pro
see as loud as you can right huh say as
loud as you can't right I come on my
name is money but is like the thrill of
a rich again
oh my god there is nothing marriage is
like you living together nothing's going
on over now excuse me are you from
Harlem he stayed in Harlem
them so don't see it alright yeah man -
Jessie we decided going back on final
Saturday morning so we'll come out and
shoot them up
hello kitty kitty these cats scare me so
bad either touch it uses touch cats when
you're like 5 Rizzo touch it bro come on
touch it be man hi kitty oh yes quite a
high so I'm nosing that's what you call
the hood say little berries be that
every second before you create evil on
baby it's class we're gonna play a quick
basketball game with the homies right
what's your name Charlie one Joe Joe
Charlie was a Charlie in Java with some
people yeah yeah man giving you would
beat your Bumbo huh nah hi hey sharp
Oh nice pass
Oh
how'd you lose the baby
that was a crazy long sweaty game we won
once they went once and then one again
so they beat us but it was a fun game
and a fun workout any youtubers we're
watching right now I'm calling you guys
out in a basketball game me and my team
you and your tech guys so about to get
some lunch or dinner or I don't know
what you can call it and we hear it's
like it's not to call it the Yemeni crew
cuz we're all Yemeni hear me you said
the key woman's slave let's add crushed
it up
I wanna Esalen bro come on take two like
this like Alan Alan what's Alan what
about muhabba no mother we all have a ha
ha ha ha
that's good say k forget we mm were
Yemen defying him sorry she should be
moving
you got a teacher souls in Jamaican -
some Jamaican words something wha gwaan
yeah doesn't mean what is it wagwan yard
sayi eat d no I'm a gay man come on
session is today go come on this is a
disclaimer I was forced and told hey you
see this it is memory so I'll put it up
but eb b DZ DZ d b TZ need you to hold
this up and I need you to take a like
take a picture with it tears four days
to go
nothing tears four years ago serious
appointments hold it hold it up each
other is it looks uno single that I have
look nice yeah say cheese so Monica will
show me this video it's like a 360
camera we can watch it
look when I return it to show you other
stuff like a sticker and then you can
see wherever if you move see like moving
the phone you can see around everything
that is sick if you guys want me to get
a 360 camera and vie with that let me
know in the comments below
even though be mad weird it would be
everywhere if we were doing stupid stuff
we saw weird imagine me like having a
360 camera and I'm like talking and you
see around and see like weird stuff like
people doing hi guys so it's time to
wrap up this blog hope you all enjoyed
this vibe if you did make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go turkey thank you
guys so much for showing a lot of love
and helping me going through
everything that I go through this time
you're gonna go on this journey of
choosing my dad a car I have not chosen
any cop we're so close to choosing a car
in the BMW store but we decided tomorrow
to try out Range Rovers or Mercedes
Lexus Toyota and see which one might be
better for him well technically he
thinks it's for me I feel so bad because
every time like yeah I'm gonna get this
car we're gonna get that car he's like
yeah Adam this is for you everything for
you and I feel like so like like I don't
know I just feel like it's unfair like
he thinks I'm trying to get this car for
myself
but he doesn't know at the end it'll all
be worth it cuz once he finds out it's
for him it'll be an amazing reaction
hopefully she'll die cuz my dad is
always shy but I know he's gonna get so
happy to be honest I can care less when
I'm getting a car I want to give my dad
a car I want to give him something Wow
while he's 65 years old I want to make
him happy sing him happy makes me happy
imagine me getting a car and him having
like not a good car that's in the
accidents going through so much and he
came in driver anything I could never in
my life to do that cuz I wouldn't feel
right he's my dad and I always want to
see him happy and seeing him happy will
make me happy so that's all that matters
if I'm happy and he's a happy then I'm
not happy but he's happy and I'm not
happy it also make me happy seeing him
happy I don't know if you guys know what
I mean but I just want to make my dad
happy sixty-five years old if you guys
don't know if you ever see him tell him
he's 30 years old or 25 he'll be very
happy
wait 65 years old and I'm still 22 years
old I just want to make him I just wanna
make him happy and I want to live it up
with him and and just give him
everything he want to spoil him he
spoiled me when I was younger and I want
to spoil him when he's older hopefully
all terms are great and yeah I'll
probably save the story for the license
tomorrow I promise I'll say it tomorrow
upper how about this if you guys get ten
thousand thumbs up and this vlog I'll
tell you guys why I couldn't get my
license tomorrow because it's a really
embarrassing story you guys don't know
how embarrassing yes Rima yes I'm taking
the video she's gonna go check him out
they're gonna both come in but yeah if
this gets ten thousand thumbs up I would
tell you guys a story tomorrow about my
license so hopefully all works out
hopefully you guys are on this journey
with me forgetting my dad a car I'll see
you guys then yes yes yes
why do you guys want to come in I got so
I'm gonna wrap up the vlog here
thumbs up say thumbs up we'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace I love
you I love you I love it
ah he's advice he's advised
you
