right here right here
what's that wasn't I'm sorry but you
can't go out today your cuz you crazy
you know I can't take you up cuz I got
da that's why and I gotta take Dean out
and reason why I can't take you out
because I got Rima and you're mad and I
have to take out Rima to man and Deena
and they want to go out and I can't take
out
Muhsin cuz you're gonna cause a lot of
trouble when you run away but we can't
do that you're a troublemaker huh are
you a troublemaker Harmison your
troublemaker like this monsoon huh these
two muscles the troublemakers
troublemaker huh troublemaker
he was too galoshes he's gonna cry once
we go out that's just come on guys he's
not gonna car i watch this he's go by
are you saying bye he's that got him
he's a man he's a fine oh you're right
how'd you know they gonna grind
can't we just one here
oh you got it good job they're all going
to check if it's open
is it open or no very serious no it's
like I wanted to go to the field and
play joking I am so mad this place is
closed I remember last time one was
closed me and Remo was snuck in it's
kind of a crime to sneak in when it's
closed it's called trespassing so I
think Jim and Dina me and Remo
well Dina jamel about to commit their
first crime me and Remo about to commit
well we must ii cry my i did so many
stupid crass but you know about that i
think yeah we're about to do something
illegal and go in hopefully it turns out
hoping my head can fit and we'll see how
this goes
take careful bigger go wait there wait
there wait there your body go you know
you're my wife Adina you know you know
we made it let's go
okay she's skin to the grass limiters
whenever look whatever the police look
at you you don't look back I don't step
back just run like just Lena Tina's just
grass look just socially crass okay I
know I've told you guys before if you
guys do not know this school right here
this is the school that I want to from
the ages of four to eleven this is where
I got bullied this is where the person
threw a rock at my mother was literally
right here
and then mom fell and I thought was like
a bullet this is where I got bullied a
lot what caused me to hate myself Wow
good job how does kid always sneaks in
my room
what's up whoa yeah
are you still hugging in BO now you I
mean no you said five before I'm gonna
say bye peace out Adams room stop do not
enter okay
what's up guys right now we're gonna go
to the gym we're heading to the nearest
bus stop yeah you guys do not know what
the gym that I used to go to my contract
is over so I'm not gonna be go to that
gym anymore gonna be going to the
nearest bus Co since he's silent
scenario stuff I think they have a much
bigger pool that Jim was a private gym
where it's only one in the whole New
York City this nearest us cup you can
put many of them all around the city he
just got back we came back from
Pennsylvania he was doing boys yeah he
sounds like a man I lost I just feel on
the rising steadily
trust me to my thirty minutes yo yo you
going to this UNESCO it's huge they got
a whole pool and everything in there so
one with you what's up I'm the squirrel
talker I look
Oh
she's gonna get a visit
weather-wise killing squirrels why do
you guys look like ghetto like ghetto
bums or something you guys dressed up
all you guys need is a 2-liter soda and
like a big like popsicle and you walk
with it
what the heck so first to the gym I got
I got him up I got him our book bag I
got him up guys look at his own so cute
looks like a line hello you
thank you
it's not a muzzle so red goes myself
buddy you know
oh he's so cute
do any tricks you jump through a hoop
with the trees oh that's sick that's
sick you're a nice lady I got so funny
sound like to the gym we are ready to go
workout and maybe work I'm gonna work
out about these two guys these guys are
gonna be like you ain't no trying to
hombre your workout swim up shut up
let's do this first day I'm sagging on
the headphones ready working half what
kind of doctor will come to the gym with
a Nintendo 3d cichlid touching water
bottle coaster sorry I'm gonna do it
yeah that looks cool try it out Lucy
let's do it let me see that is cool I
just seen it that's sick
that's a crime this is how you make the
more count let's go soon let's go
someone say the things I'm gonna don't
laughing go go yeah show them how we do
it do it we got to bring people to
motivate you gotta get us around
yourself motivation motivation honesty
why cuz they have a suitable salon is it
I don't have but we have got way back
way back we go with you back he's going
we're gonna Jordan Jordan a shot let's
save let's go Network says paperwork
stuff everything's gonna be great
but last time he comes back we're gonna
be go into this gym together when I'm
working out he got see I gotta go visit
rustic this is like reunion we signed if
he out of no and now we just seen him in
this gala he don't wanna be on camera
get what seven more I don't you don't
make him up don't be like one over they
work out my little brother
tell them how other brothers how was you
know when you work on how is he like
when you work out with him how is crazy
he's crazy why you don't talking to eat
he always why always move the camera
away from you though
can be treating us today so yes they do
this their guys show them how we do
motor become a trainer right here I'm a
spotter
I'm talking about yeah
what do we see one another we just got
done working out okay get a little swim
so gonna work our whole body and after
that we'll be good I feel not pumped up
over only needs motivation from
everybody here and motivation from you
summation as in comment of anything
motivation well that's this is my comic
question any comment stating everyday
for you guys leave a comment of
something motivational anything it can
be any quote you love anything more
visual for your own words and it'll what
do they mean some of us have a
swordfight here
healthy healthy
oh I ever do not know how to swim wear
these what are those all time they see
how this goes
this might not be the best thing ever
but it's one of the coolest Bulldogs
that we're gonna try so
we've got a so harmful
you know there
how do they ship again
maestro's
okay so you hear it stop like vibrating
stuff that means it's done come on
finished feel it just super dry really
nice so hot
no pets no fence I'm what I said huh
you're gonna you can't yeah
hey let the turtle wait come on turtle
turtle speedy come on little guys we had
a crazy amazing workout actually like
this gym much much better the people
there are so much cooler they're not
really ruining like all of like stuck up
and cool in the other gym they're really
nice here so I really appreciate that
shout out to New York's Prescott then
you guys so much for hooking the brother
up way to get some protein gets you you
know built up a little more yeah it's
new German how many have any protein ass
it has 16 grams of protein which is
really good so nutriment way you're
naked
you own your naked home team we're gonna
shot a film every week one video me in
one video of him if you guys haven't
watched some video make sure you guys
check it out it's gonna be the link down
home makes you check he makes the
perfect psycho boyfriend it was like a
psycho roofer
he is a psycho fern super psycho for
pizza it comes up here that yo what are
you doing so thing I want to see it
makes you go see Oh show so much to me
gang love and gonna give you guys new
videos every single week to entertain
you guys and keep you guys you know just
smiling so I guys so it's time to wrap
up this vlog I am feeling extra pumped
from the gym today I'm feeling actually
really really great cuz I ate really
kind of healthy today so hopefully I
continue this every single day and I can
take you guys on this journey with me
tomorrow I might be going to wedding I
have not few guys who know no I have not
been to a wedding since 2007 the last
time I went to wedding was about eight
years ago I don't know I just I do not
know why I haven't been to a wedding for
that long but I might be going to the
wedding tomorrow so hopefully I'll see
you guys and um be some crazy our
wedding well actually more of like a
yeah I mean your wedding so I was like
guys and girls separate so I might take
you guys let me show you guys a little
Arab wedding not the after might be a
little surprise for you guys
so you guys will probably know tomorrow
or the day after I'll keep it as a
surprise so congratulations to Nestle
Nestle Nestle I'm going to dinner with
her in Germany because she won the
competition for for doing this amazing
art on our music video tears I should
say thank you so much for all your
amazing love and support thank you so
much everybody who always shows a lot of
love and support and to participated in
that competition
her name is Nestle I cannot wait to give
me some Nestle chocolate on our dinner
date you know you know I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another daily vlog thank
you guys so much fun I love a support
makes you guys follow me on Twitter and
the link down below to stay updated with
everything or follow me on Instagram
take care peace do me
baby
a few always a feather promise you that
booth did let me write them away that's
what you say
