that's the portion of Morocco America
would have been like I am back in the UK
for another two days and I'm back in New
York City so we're gonna have a little
chill out firing it stores over we have
not much work to do anymore so ready to
go play some golf because all right so
before I play golf
we got the homies right we're gonna go
play with them we got Adam here we just
man I gotta show you me he made me to a
Liverpool it's a Liverpool fan because
he gave me the sugar
all right so I'm team Liverpool now for
football so we're ready to do this and
go play some when I win over golf I'm
play golf with some football this
football Liverpool Jersey guys ready you
ready to lose to win Richard you be okay
we'll see I'll go look I'm put on my
Liverpool shirt right now I'm now
I used to play with Tiger Woods back in
like five six years ago right now we're
gonna play the not too not too much of
the good look at the big off because for
you guys like beginners and stuff like
that we're gonna start playing a little
bit you could have became a professional
yeah YouTube so yeah do you know Tiger
Woods ha I still play with him five five
six years ago yeah huh yeah what do you
think of his talk like it they got me to
let all the reliever offense so I'm like
you know what I looked into more to a
football I don't know if I am a little
fan or if I'm surrounded by just a
little noise man excuse me do you guys
like Liverpool what why do you like that
Arsenal wow they suck yeah never poor
nice yeah yeah you know who's the best
player in the pool good to see Ana
Ronaldo he's nice he always scores all
the goals and everything yeah the
messies better a little nice he's better
good eye man take your little fool all
day Liverpool all day everything
oh thank you man so we don't practice in
now we're gonna play some real real
we're gonna play some real real golf
this is when you just the real thing you
know like ready yeah so he says I want
you out of making three shots but look
how implicit it's all the way there this
is the real real golf without the
miniature golf oh nice I'm not to go but
before I go I'm gonna have some drinks
and sports athletic drink before you
drink only oh oh oh only people who play
with Tiger Woods drink this you know
yeah you guys get those yeah I get that
you know Tiger Woods
why what's a good I don't have herpes
now so I got the short shorts arm looks
like about to play basketball back in
nineteen seventies but uh there's gonna
be a flop I'm already feeling it put you
can't move your head you have to hold it
like this when you swing you have to
swing like some type of way and then you
go like that you don't just grab mine
just go like straight we just right
don't move your head don't move your
legs it's all about the hips he's been
taught by Tiger Woods so he's showing us
how it's done this is always doing guys
your goes there and again oh oh this
guy's the agent Tiger Woods oh look at
that that where did I go I came to see
it what that is crazy
so we just got done with the first round
first hole now we're doing the second
one how do you say hello hello say hello
in Arabic brick you say Salam Marhaba
yeah but if you want to say something
like I'm how are you uh-huh how are you
kiff ik q okay for Hannah
we were in our seventh hole right now
this is beating me about one point we're
Thai before we have about two more holes
to go so we'll see how this goes right
now this was one of the coolest holes
it's really really fun wow wow oh wow
that is crazy
may this hole in four tries not as a
beauty my my - so he needs to make this
in six tries if not I lost if he does
then I want this is his third try right
now just get six in the red tie if you
got seven you lose oh that's for let go
five you never get through Atari
oh wait I'm we just had a tie that is go
on master since we have a tie what we
have what we have a playoff all faithful
so what do we do like you to go back and
play this hole and basically whoever's
gets wins at home and do that we put two
balls here in same place same place
we'll see who actually wins right now
let's do it alright so this is gonna be
our faceoff you just went right now and
then went right there
Oh tied up again over time
oh it's gotta go again we're gonna see a
pic lost when I call it does it free
this hand oh you go first lady's friend
as well we got this nose
oh oh that was a good shot Wow miss miss
OH
husbands how disappointing no was some
beat as I am mad so good you win some
you lose some
right right let me again thank you so
much so do me gang so show love you know
what I'm saying
now ZZ you a cheater I don't care you
told the referee something I know you're
in on it you two I mean I see you in on
it you cheated man oh my god
no what school in America we have like
these squirrels going around in the UK
you got like rabbits try to catch one of
them don't want dawn so we just got done
with the golf game it was a crazy
amazing day when he give a huge
shout-out to um his whole family they
were amazing amazing people he
this is cool for PO Jersey so thanks the
Jersey undershirt teaching about
football t-shirt just like in college
thank you so much for that a lot of you
guys going crazy saying like a little
mattress to me United no arsenal
noticing that I don't even watch soccer
myself so you guys let me know what team
you should are before the comments below
I mean right now as it now I'm Liverpool
because I've seen a lot of Liverpool
fans and they're so nice to me so I'm
gonna Liverpool so forth you guys let me
know in the comments below comment what
team do you support
start as I know this started promise
with chicken I don't know chicken legacy
sheets Nancy fat lamb shish yeah the
bread is right there super hot a lot how
he does so crazy
check it stick you learn Lambo is that I
have what the judge I said if you guys
comment on today's vlog which is a
reupload of I'll give you guys for
shoutouts child Angelica Sadowski thank
you so much for your sweet comment and
jelica is so sweet
nafisa said love you Adam Rima thank you
so much your fees I love you too boy
said Adam watch it daily velocity of
three so do me a has your back thank you
so much and I'll always have your back
and I always stay by your sides I love
you guys so so much I got so it's time
to wrap up this vibe hope you all enjoy
this flag who did makes you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey thank you guys
so much for all of us support you guys
have been shown it's been truly amazing
Morocco was an amazing experience I
didn't tell you guys how I got to meet
French Montana so basically my event and
meet and greet was at the same place as
his event but it was two three hours
before his event was at night- reason is
in the afternoon so the event organized
I was like you know what I'm gonna set
up a meeting tonight at this restaurant
that he came up he was I was good man I
do and I was like who's good bro hey it
was just like a weird combo and then he
started speaking Arabic with he's not
speaking Arabic with this guy and the
guy was like I don't speak to maverick
why speak to him in English then I
started speaking to French Montana in
Arabic the first one I was telling you I
really owe he was like yo just speak to
you in Arabic I was like what the heck
this guy knows more Arabic than me it
was just so crazy it was a crazy
experience I was telling him about you
guys about the vlogs that are doing he
was giving so much love to you guys
with respect I even showed him hams this
profile and everything and he was just
like hey I'm so funny having a comment
with him because he would always be like
huh
had a lot of crazy things coming through
so which everything works out um that um
I have more stuff to talk about but I'll
be talking about it in tomorrow's vlog
I'll see you guys tomorrow do me gang I
love you guys so much
take care per piece I love you
mm I love you I love you I love you so
much take care peace
