you want to get married sir hey guys
what's up a doobie gang this is Adam
Saleh and I'm here at the new Adams
family house was got really no it's
always gonna be lit every single day
over here I'm with the man the kid he
keeps saying hey do me gang it's
freezing today look I'm wearing two
pants man 2 pants this is how cold it is
in New York as you guys know it is prank
week today I'm supposed to be pranking
my father
baba Salah I didn't want to tell you
guys a prank but you know what I'm gonna
tell you guys since I couldn't get him
today my dad is not here he's actually
at my sister's house because he gotta
fix his car a little brother got in a
car crash about a few weeks ago so he is
at my sister's house right now whenever
he comes back to the new Adams family
house I'm gonna be bringing a girl over
my crib don't tell no one Shh do me gate
before we start the vlog make sure that
I subscribe because I upload every
single day and I'm outside in the cold
one make sure you guys thumbs up and do
me a thumbs up and subscribe also get
bad like 20z described I'll see you guys
around it do me get get get getting I
just met up with the homie slim my best
friend my cousin's my partner a crime I
don't you know it's really my Louise
right now I'm wearing green you gonna do
me gang Slim is about to pull the
biggest prank ever on the key but the
homey Nicky he's in my crib right now
helping me out fixing the gym stuff he
thinks me is slim are gonna go get some
food mm-hmm but the thing is right now
this is so weird we're in a place where
slim is about to buy gasoline because
he's gonna burn his fake Yeezys and I'm
giving real ones man I mean him drops
for real ones we're gonna give the homie
to keep he deserved real easy
it was rockin how was he rockin fake
Easy's man yeah cuz you got he got
played wrote you up plate or Instagram
what's ladder with veterans gonna do it
let's get some gasoline man hey do me
gang one hour later and slim is finally
done the key oh my god yo I was so mad
so much the shoe the shoe is gone bro so
pretty much the keep has fake Easy's and
slim just burn the figures I mean slim
we help them get new ones from sneaker
condos right so slow that was nice of
you man you almost burned my house down
you guys cease video he almost burnt my
whole house was done I feel bad man yeah
working to me he was help me out to mr.
Looby em see you guys in the next champ
I do me gang I'm back home here my
secret flow as you guys can see a little
bit of the couch it's slowly progressing
everyone is having fun everyone is chill
it mustn't stop what's wrong trying to
show me with this little hanger he's
pretending it's a gun do me again I
haven't went upstairs so imma take you
guys upstairs to see my mom let's go see
what's up come on let me tell you I'm
gonna go say hi to mama Sala say what's
up turn may I say what's up to vlog was
hell goes let's see what's up you Little
Snitch you can't mess with me if you
want to do these expensive pieces go
check that hi mama I do baby don't go
now your mama's my mama hello goodbye no
what do you mean by are you gonna listen
to me okay you heard him I'm listening
get married mama I'm gonna wait and saw
fine mrs. right you know I gotta find
mrs. right I found her I always told you
I found him you always say that then
after that you named our cousin I hate
when she does that Susie gets me so mad
no no no no no it's not dear cousin this
time Miss Kitty stupid well is so dumb
it's not their cousin okay then who is
it it's her sister you stupid her sister
please tell him speak to him that's
that's the same thing that's your sister
that's that's a cousin no it's not happy
it's your cousin sister tell him it's
his cousin sister me mama no don't say
that
who taught you'll have to say that me
huh you can't drink crazy well I am it
or like it lets the baby down stop
let the baby down below you Mitch stop
the kid is here you you know what I'm
done I'm finished go find the life in
the internet huh
you make videos every single day make a
video looking for your wife are your
stupid men should go make a video huh
guys pause the maybe this much known
he's like 53 years old I mean maybe not
53 he's 24 but and yeah many years he
had 53 years old I imagine oh okay I
will okay
go good luck wait wait wait wait first
show me the girls because they need to
go through me first
to get through you know I'm gonna find a
wife bye
hey do me gang what you guys just saw is
a serious convo me my mom just had but
she couldn't be shown so I did it in a
skit for you guys so I hope you guys
enjoy that if you guys want me to do a
video a legit looking for my wife video
give this video a thumbs up if you guys
give this video 30,000 thumbs up I will
legit make a video looking for a wife in
the Internet I don't know just to mess
around with my mom let's see how I go
I'll see you guys in next I just came to
my crib and I see motion this girl what
are you doing what's your name yeah see
mom give me body they're very very cute
how do you see your six
do you know rema you do Shizuka oh you
mustn't your cousin yeah what the heck
you do me dang man I feel like a dad I
feel like he's my son and I feel like
it's out of print what are you doing do
you like here you have a crush on her
you do what about you see what do you
like him
you do guys I'm I'm joking I came in and
I see them hugging and kissing I'm just
not gonna do me and their kids but still
come on come on
are you trying to prank me so what are
you doing this series with them you want
to get married sir come over here
let me ask you something see you mama
do you like mossing yeah do you want to
marry him you're older than Muslim it's
okay yeah no see Moses added man she's
that what what the heck this is he's
father pray he's trying to trick you
look he's he's a mini prankster one last
way to go look at him look at him
you're not low much he look like he
thinks he's pulling a prank on me
what oh my god is he learning for me no
way I'm a bad role model man I want to
prank people to be honest
I'm joking I'm kidding yeah he's a
savage what the what are you doing huh
okay so are you guys married now
yeah what Muhsin you love her yeah Seema
do you love her
yeah do me gay I'm here trying to work
but I was doing the gym outside and
these two people keep coming down and
they keep messing with me with the heck
you prank me here you Freddy do me good
he's three and he's trying to print
which is kind of weird I don't know what
to say what I don't know what else to
say yes meet with any product week has
went a little too crazy this do break me
but look okay well you got me man okay
that was up from Austin that was up from
Austin Austin is the new crime what what
the heck that's the cutest thing ever
man what I was supposed to do that with
my dad and you're married yeah it was a
break yeah I'll tell you American
was it a prince emo is that really he
has a crush on you
muffin muffin wait look at it you have a
crush on Seema dudes a crazy man I can't
believe you actually paint me that punk
and that was actually Reema's cousin his
own cousin
put up man that's crazy when he's a
future prankster what are you doing what
are you doing
they keep bothering me do be gay I need
to find the white man as my mom said do
me getting I'm done with my skit right
now this is what I got to deal with when
I do my skit he's a little kid staring
at me hello
Maji Nona do you want the super out of
granny on you you should are you being a
good boy guys thumbs up if you want the
super irony of this kid you want the
super dad a brandy what about you pop
you're like jumping jacks you're lucky
going if I stop keep going hello did I
say stop you know go push-ups a lot
push-ups push-ups Allah why hey Sai
Natha three four cuatro Sinko enta 55 32
guys they listen to me more when I'm
just like this this is weird man so you
okay okay
are you okay you sure he's just coughing
socks are you okay are you okay do me
yank I hope you guys enjoyed this video
if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey subscribe well
long if you prick me I'll pick you up
and throw you to the mountains well I
haven't well Iowa do you know the movie
Lion King I will pick you up and throw
you I'm the lion queen I'm the queen
okay give me kiss on my cheek do me gang
I love you guys take care thumbs up
tomorrow's gonna be the looking for the
wife video oh my god I'm actually gonna
do it subscribe guys see you guys
me and watch more videos like we see my
said see you my high five
I see you guys I love you take care and
I put on my knees aside from one-on-one
session and you already know I'm on a
mission cuz I know you'll be away and
for me to come through long overdue
