right
what's up there
I miss you haven't seen you mad long in
time I miss you all miss you huh can't
tell what you up to
he's busy minute cut is again become
would he become a nurse or a doctor huh
my son no wall gonna give you - I love
it come on you don't kick me out though
you don't have to do it you don't got to
do you have you don't have you don't
have are you okay come out - you okay
come up Wow he stole his drink your
drink
you got your drink soaking my life don't
bro what did you give me one dollar and
I give you $5
so you basically stealing my money what
is it
so you want to give me one and I'll give
you five I don't know what since you're
too cute there you go you can keep the
one just for you that's it if you don't
have to be so cute right
so you love me that I give you the money
are you serious
huh you don't love me for me that's so
sweet
I cook except I love you to your mom
your fairy gonna be my little bad boys
you Matt okay needs to be a park Wow
look it looks nice I look at that
football field run away run away from
his scare look he's good he's scared of
the flood looking rescaling he's scared
of the grass
must get a look at it no no no no no gun
give me give me him
let me scare to the guns don't be scared
of the grass you know that you're a big
boy
LEM chase you
let's go maza come on
bye-bye bye-bye
please he leaves the money ran away but
look at the way he's walking he's gonna
get drunk
thank you he's okay come on
come on
one two
resh thank you so much come out for
helping making them not cry oh boy
lollipop oh it's okay leave it let it go
let it go let it go what ten second rule
is disgusting there's nothing and this
will be three second rule you added a
whole seven seconds so the funniest
thing just happened with the joy out of
my dad oh my god
so for some reason you asked my dad he
was like how old do you and never ask
that question to my dad cause he will
say some weird H every day who changed
the age some days he's this age Sundays
a soda might ask them how old's my dad
how old is he how old am i how can they
be a Balinese to it
he's do you had me when he was two years
old so yeah oh my that is why that is a
crazy mofo know what you want to be a
dad to your sixth Oh anyone around the
age of six and it's interested and a boy
named Jamal who's crazy who might beat
you off sir are you looking for mrs.
right
why
laughter the hell is my that houses on
20 what do you really think is 24 this
is what is so gullible
oh my do you really think he's 24
I'm trying to help you Jim I look good I
look good when you were 2 years old you
can't have a baby when you soon
how'd you have to be for what how do you
have to be to have a baby
alright so so I woulds up I don't how to
answer that so like when you're 13 years
old when you're a teenager you gotta be
teenager 13 years old you get like these
magical powers like these magical powers
in bed and you get salacious that's like
like you know c'mon you know Pokemon you
know they gotta catch them all like you
get like magical powers in bed like that
and then you test how you get like
babies and stuff but you don't have to
have only 13 you could be 13 and over
somewhere on that age and then you got
like these magical crazy powers then you
make babies Pokemon babies what do you
say I'm out i'ma stop and stop asking me
these questions
so I'm asking me these questions like
that oh my god yeah you do man out of
all my everybody my family that is him
he's one that asked me the most awkward
questions ever like a man answering like
come on gar like I regret me an answer
just don't ask me okay ask someone else
asked about that he was taking the
weirdest answer ever Oh tell me how I
went outside for 20 minutes I got back
home nobody was home everybody
and I'm stuck here with joe maddon I had
to go outside so now I have to go out
beat him maybe stuck with me for the
whole night more I'm stuck with him I
don't know which way what the heck is it
rock star he's serious about to go in
this parks our entire buddy what are the
jemelle try this on what are those now I
gotta feed this kid I got a feed new son
I got food let's go
Thank You Man so I'm gonna go so right
now at 34th Street me slim cave and have
a proper chill out because we're stuck
here with German Noma so we decided we
decided we just gonna have a gonna have
a date with your mouth we're gonna take
him out somewhere where you want to go
to Ma Tei get some ice cream man ain't
taking me battle I better show you the
world man yes are you insane a scream
say ahh
what's that building over there what is
it
but without one that big one right there
you see it
pull the building that's the Empire
State Building
nasty oh yeah soul patch now like this
once the red one might look good while
cherry you like that - give me - I got
the same taste
yeah he's like having me we just got the
same thing we like the cherry one yes
got a rest lucky mixed with a blue one
jemelle just got a red one here that one
is nasty just tastes like coca-cola with
I suspected
ahem
you gotta call uncle slim right
say uncle so they want me uncle here we
call me uncle Bo nobody calls me ogre
none of my nieces or nephews ever call
me okay
I don't know little code it's 2015 they
never go away why don't you call me
uncle
thank you gotcha man
tamela's getting spoiled table what the
homie Ollie from - Jackie Santa what's
up hey what that was good man he's so
good see you thank you thank you so much
oh man I'm so excited to be with you
thank you so much
he's happy it's all about him today
everything's gonna be so cool randomly
asking people like oh how much is it
forty second
it was an angular man I got shot they
get a free but he's so nice so I'm gonna
give him something so so look out for
the homey country Jack your spaniel all
these real arrows right there mommy's
got the hookah because she was outside
in the middle of the husband a little
the time squared
this guy's a gene Oh something happen
here what's going on we're gonna take em
out see some dancers you ready
Oh
Oh
hey guys watch the homies from Paris
bedroom and Sarah all right yeah what's
that I was just in Paris like last week
I don't know if you guys know you're
missing out I was in Paris last week so
shadow doesn't make the homey Chris he
was asking me he's like are you youtuber
yeah nice huh you got it right what's up
I know thank you
thank you spotted by a white person
I found your people throat that's where
the kickety-kick here what's mean he's
like oh you Adam
are you to be okay oh yeah athletes play
like Albanian Albanians equate the he
was like I'm not sitting is that Chris I
was like what the heck that the mom that
Kim Lee what they go chain will you buy
cookie to people but and they're like
none
you ready both I've already dealt with
chocolate chip and macadamia pick me
slim Yuja man and they're both playing
these video games like none other well
I'm not hungry you want a cookie say no
do you want
look I want a red velvet cookie you know
what it's better for me I'm eating a hey
why are you sitting down like that huh
why are you sitting at my crib like that
bow respect yourself Oh knock you out
you know what I'm saying
yeah it's cause you told me don't be
nothing there I'll still uppercut you
bow huh uppercut you well your supp rap
come on let's go oh yeah yeah do me a go
fight you it up come on it
new what are you doing huh are you
laughing huh asking your stupid
questions you asked the weirdest
questions I just want to say mama I love
you thank you so much for always cooking
me a homemade cooked food once I get
home you're amazing and yeah I love you
so much mamacita I got so it's time to
wrap up this vlog hope you all enjoyed
this life you did and you made it to the
end of this vlog I do me getting the
right ad I do me a mix you guys give it
a thumbs up and go Turkey I have two
huge announcements which is tomorrow
Saturday a brand new video on the main
channel at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time and on
Sunday is the release of tears the music
video it is gonna be out surprise
surprise for you guys so I am so excited
for this weekend and I hope you guys are
excited too and ready to support
Saturday and Sundays video I love you
guys so much I'll see you guys on
Saturday and Sunday I might be doing you
now so check my Twitter the link is down
below check my Twitter to stay updated
I'll see you guys then for a new video
Saturday 2:00 p.m. and Sunday 2:00 p.m.
which is the music video I'll see you
guys then take care peace hello
you
