hey guys what's up surprise surprise
surprise I am right now here in Morocco
Marrakech I got no sleep none of us got
any sleep like all I do is sleep in the
plane like 20 30 minutes and then I get
back to having energy I haven't enough
for that and I just want to thank a lot
for giving me that energy and everything
throughout the whole tour and like that
so excited it is super surprised it's
like about 110 degrees Fahrenheit
outside which is about 35 38 degrees
Fahrenheit so just imagine how hot it is
right now we're in a villa right now
Philip how you say in Arabic and it is
an amazing field has about seven
bedrooms two three bathrooms and like a
basement imma show you guys that has
this really cool Arabic tradition I've
always give you guys a hotel room tour
an apartment room tour or whatever tour
a Europe tour let me give you guys a
villa tour in Morocco hey what's up I
said I wanted what are you guys doing
today this is my take off your shoes
shoes off shoes off shoes I may give you
guys the tour of this Villa but before I
give you a tour of the door inside let's
give you guys tour outside this right
here is the pool so I am I gonna do okay
so anyways what all is good mister cool
right there about ten feet deep I'll
probably jump into it in the end of this
Villa tour so let's see how this goes
come on nothing go then go under closed
door hi guys so this is one of the
living rooms where if you want to live
yeah just a small little one in the room
this is one of the our Moroccan
tradition living rooms here this is
where late the ladies can sit you know
lady if you're going to hang out this is
your side well this is what I believe
this is what I would do if this was my
house and the other side here which is a
little bigger because it's more men and
this right here is the Mejlis or you can
call it the D one sided binding this is
for for the madness without wait for the
men go on here chill hang out
treat your fat have some shisha stomach
that say what up look at the ladies in
the mango that y'all was good aliens on
aliens on its own good what's up have
fun enjoy your time today kid so this is
the living room for our homies you know
for any homies I come here not on say oh
he does enter be careful this is a
secret entrance you know not much people
can enter here but I'll let you guys
something back home this is one of the
battles left toilet also this we're
clean you know mate what do wipe your
butt with water no toilet pig water
water water water water baby wipes
do not use toilet paper only please
don't this is the kitchen wake up in the
morning give you guys some food give you
guys some mates let's see we got afraid
you don't see we got a fridge it's come
on some water and Allah always be
thankful all right I don't okay
so this is laundry where you wash
clothes so like that's the backyard come
true or is it the back side of the pool
this is a little spot where you can hang
out down here like a little tent what's
up with three sighs oh man I think you
know good
we're with the homie oh did he swear
he's one of the big bosses here in
markups a summary template I chose a
centaur my only on with anyone oh you're
right thank you so much for your time
so Thomas how much things he got
ourselves for Muslim and the way of a -
okay what I think Thank You someone my
handbag right there yeah
that one is going caught up 101 save you
guys a second come on all right
there's five rooms here in this floor
and this is master there oh this is this
is Suzie where the magic happens this is
where I would have might have meet my
wife later here being under the
chandelier oh this is a nice closet look
you have a closet mirror
why fight you put it up here this is a
TV nice little chimney there want to see
chimney come on here this is the
bathroom this is the master bathroom we
have a little toilet my friend once
again wipe your butt another total here
all right this is this is the other room
Doug what's up
apparently someone has laid down here
but this is other pan ah cause this guy
okay we got beautiful official so
beautiful just never
this is a small room we call it the
Wi-Fi it's a small room music - Wi-Fi
upload the vlog which uploading the
library now you can see 261 minutes to
go just for you guys to upload just
pretty nah me cuz you gotta wait for
like five six hours to take the laptop
with you everywhere but that's hard work
and dedication oh let's see what's going
on and we have one of the homies his
name is Masum near done why he's doing
but hopefully it'll catch your news of
the soup already sleeping well some days
it was up I'm sorry
it's like hey what up man he's going
football tonight yeah he's from London
we came here about to turn up in Morocco
sergeant distracting you huh yeah as an
inch who are I'm sleeping together in
the same bed which I threw out of a but
but they've been so tired I feel so bad
but it was and we got rooftop stairs so
let's smash it every rooftop in Yemen
Morocco or any our country you'd always
see this it's like a dish box and this
is the tradition of the roof corner this
is a tradition of the roof looks
beautiful
Morocco you guys are amazing beautiful
loving this is crazy
oh my god look around see the mountains
see the view how did you speak much air
but about to speak like Arabic where I
can understand so here always whatever
the guy he wants to eat I'm like tell
him this and I'm like whoa
but kind of other than that he's like I
don't tell that he just laughs he's not
all village here that every single one
Sevilla I like how the colors are the
same thing from the ng can you tell them
about what happened you and yaws are
still asleep down tai chi me then those
cuddled you gave us that was some daddy
here I'm here I just find some people in
Morocco's hello how you doing what's up
what's good today
and I play the maracas right you know
what's amazing we're in a Muslim country
and you can eat any faster you know same
guys KFC spicy chicken with the homies
how to buy it oh my god oh my they got
me into the spicy thing you know said he
has you got to teach me some roofies
improper like practicing something
no doing something I Punjab somebody
says something severe or guilty kyouda
Tito six up Tita
keeps on the gimmick say what's up
I don't it was good it was good to the
method method above all Mitchell mother
man go get it right now you just done
dummy here's T to you for Doug I so it's
time to wrap up this black hope you all
enjoyed this fight did make sure you
have a thumbs up and go turkey if you
made it to the end of this vlog and if
you're watching this right now if you're
listening to me you made it - nine ten
minutes of the light whatever give it a
thumbs up and give yourself pattern back
you guys are from Morocco Marrakech this
reason I'm talking quiet because
everyone is asleep and it's like 4 or 5
a.m. because the fly was uploaded my
soul mom thank you guys for staying up
with you I was staying up with me by the
way but leave a comment below for the
morocco of what's something cool to do
around here because I have a free day
today so I might go out and have a
chill-out and vlog but you guys hope you
guys enjoyed this Moroccan vlog tomorrow
I'll be having a meet and greet August
7th the information will be right here
and after my event my me and agree
French Montana is gonna be there so
that's a surprise I was gonna tell you
guys French Montana is the home you
won't see how it goes other than that
thank you so much for your love and
dedication and everything for watching
the vlogs I love you guys so much take
care of dummy game and peace I love you
you
