hi bye hi
you
I see some of you donor was uh ready to
do this
hi guys might be doing biggest prank
here in a tour which is this this is
MoMA have a weird I'm nervous
hope this goes well and hopefully Cox's
me oh I got let's do it his no I got
eight into P you know what I'm like
probably like a nice girl
I might have to wear some sunglasses
maybe if someone catches me with my
alright he's go like this I don't know I
like this you got stung me I'm a scared
to people backstage
you
right
what are you guys here for I don't like
them there's such such jerks excuse me
are you here faddle yeah do you like him
oh I'm a skip come on excuse me
don't you guys have tickets you don't
have extra tickets can I please I'll buy
off you I don't have it can I buy off
you please I'll buy it off you for a
hundred pounds that's not give you exit
ticket why not because I'm okay
I'm gonna skip the lot can I skip you
guys get away from me get away from get
get away from me get away what's wrong
with you get off me get off me what's
wrong with you guys I want to see Adam
what's wrong with you guys
why are you touching me why you touch
another I need you to get away stop
touching me stop touching you do to move
away from you need to stop touching me
can you remove away stop gonna call the
cops get away I'm gonna call my brother
Ali he's gonna come and beat you up
Ali's gonna beat you up
I swear let me call him get away get
away get out and we just get off me the
other key oh I wrote back it up all
right so the backstage people who are
coming in right now are coming in to
meet us bomb I'm hiding over here so I
just scared him come on let me know
they're coming right okay you're going
on a prank day today man you know I'm
single here apparently today I'm gonna
be on a rope Nora
see you
Oh
she
Oh
you
doing the London meet agree and it's the
first person I met your name is Iman
come say hi Iman look what she gave me
she gave me a pacifier yeah is that for
me how are you mr. sponsor nice sausage
just like a house she she's so cute oh
yeah I hope you enjoy the show today
what's up guys I'm here with Simon and
Zara her battery phone died so she's the
first one to be in the black CI what's
up girls you know me shy girl
could you guys on snapchat well I got a
question is raised a boxer I told them
if you come suppose me I'll knock him
out you like this early you like the
British boxer Oh
laughing what's up Carol I was up my
where you give me like all right how are
you doing
you right yeah thank you thank you so
much I like you I love you I'm here with
Hannah right now she's so amazing hope
you enjoy the show could enjoy
what is your favorite part your national
story really got things are so sweet
thank you so much shout out to I I wash
yourself that I don't know thank you so
much
no I love you sing us out of here with
grace they came through to our show then
you guys hope you guys enjoy the show go
like it right thank you guys so much I
love you guys so much bigger
here's what they do so much because it
was all to keep coming back
oh I promise I will until what's up how
you like the show good thank you so much
she's so amazing
Errol yeah trying to watch the minimum
atoms when I don't enjoy and hope you
see national this Palestinian policy but
from Sweden smooth Arabic and English if
you guys do not know the first meeting
we had in Hyde Park we got crazy the
cops suck we owe me right here as these
got me and each other jealous up to be
kid Meridian so she'll like he feels
better it's like psych nurse is like
sauna Michelle feels better my gosh with
them and owe me I appreciate it thank
you so much in one year brother if you
want your anniversary no sorry just
stolen a you just stolen you just stole
it
guys I just got pranked they stole my
fly camera and I really thought so I'm
like no I have so much footage a little
under shot
but oh my god I'm so the guys are having
a good pull up everybody even you guys
played along hi how are you doing I'm
Hannah
well you're gonna see you turn up you're
not Deborah coming time thumb along side
my deluge
where'd you me tell you from a barnacle
oh I'm cat barking claw anyway Michigan
captain you could inject my car you had
my clone you still couldn't take it
hi I'm in here do you in me okay I'm
with me another yes it may not have
known us now okay I want to stop stop
shakers Oh a game - whoohoo you stop her
you need to stop all right guys so it's
time to wrap up this vlog hope you all
enjoy this flag thank you guys so much
for today it was an amazing perfect day
it was so much fun thank you to every
single one of you guys who came out to
the show and created so much memories
thank you so much for the gifts thank
you so much for the chocolate for the
bracelets everything that you guys give
I was so hungry you guys give so much
food and I and it helps me like gives me
more energy when I was doing the show
like backstage I would sneak me some
cupcakes that you guys made me so thank
you guys so much for that I hope you
guys enjoyed the show I am leaving to
Morocco in a few hours action and I have
a challenge for you guys this can get
10,000 thumbs up this black can get
10,000 thumbs up I will be doing a you
now from my phone in Morocco and I'll be
doing a belly dancing in Morocco so
thumbs up and go turkey the only thing I
regret about this tour is not doing a
belly dancing in Stockholm and in all
the cities in Amsterdam all these things
I didn't do because I was just there for
like six seven hours for the show now
and I would leave and I regret that next
time I go I'm gonna do it because I want
my belly dancing to be worldwide well
we're already is well if I want to do it
like every single place I go to so
hopefully all turns out well it was a
crazy crazy day I tried to prank you
guys which went it's like a little epic
fail and then you guys got me which is
really good
I cannot believe is crazy you guys got
really good but it's an amazing memory
thank you so much for everything
today it just was I'm speechless it was
a happy every day I love you guys every
single one of you guys who helped out
too what everything so tour is coming to
an end so you guys hear that guys hear
that I'm not gonna show now cuz he's
like half naked but he's literally
vacuuming
he's like my mom he's vacuuming her oh
my god well wrap up the bike here take
care
I love you guys and peace I love you
