hey guys what's up right now we are
heading out of the apartment inventions
to go perform and Matt just stop our
Manchester I'm gonna go backstage for
about an hour to rehearse meet you guys
we got backstage tickets and then we're
ready to do it we came out and we got a
ticket which is now like a normal second
normal basis I don't know do not ignore
well it's okay
hi guys go backstage well this is our
outside of backstage about to start the
show here in Manchester let's do this
bear with HIPAA you guys don't know her
but she helps out a lot behind the
scenes a lot seriously no I better say
thank you so much else I like it a lot
thank you so much she's not yes what was
this you ready to go I'm ready yes what
we're about to go Mike I can't talk to
Mike because if I do then he really
about to say something
I'm magnets and I always wanted to show
also scared on that stage in my fault
you guys do not know me my name is Sarah
salad my toe is you like I do the pajama
for videos see you
what's up guys right now we're at
Manchester just got done with the show
we were doing the meet agree now guys
say what up here he has three major
brothers on Twitter he's seriously
touched Marty told me I'm gonna tell you
guys about it near the end of the vlog
about a story nothing but Cersei say
strong swimmers face remember he's an
amazing amazing guy and I'm gonna talk
about it any smells good reach out to
Helena Elsa afraid it cracks on of our
engines she had the whole thing down
yeah until I go my friends we said that
America knows sure sound there Meryl you
just had to tell her what's up guys I'm
here with NORAD sir you know why she's
so cool cuz we both got colored hair you
know and I'm saying it was cool thank
you so much philosopher not making me be
alone
twinsies deal with in chunk a new
wearable Twitter hitch thank you so much
for them so I like at how do you spell
your name
he knows easily before honey she has no
surname I forgot I'm sorry you can punch
me obvious name I forget you could punch
to you okay I was like okay I spotted
her 2x X for Veda xx from Twitter so I
do not know her thank you so much for
coming through for sure I hope you
enjoyed if you liked it then thank you
so much for you
you can't listen to the male ego really
just remember that we love you and we
and we all second round you thank you so
yeah well I love you
maybe someone appreciated II I'm here
with intra and Tonya hello
their sisters and she gave me yeah she
gave me a goofy to Rhema and to me thank
you so much in treasure thank you huh
I'm welcome thank you Howell do seven do
you want to see me my next play with her
you can keep her she's gonna like you
okay
alright I'm gonna make we must say I
love in trouble when I go back to New
York okay alright guys so remember I did
a I was with phone calls and I left
someone a message I was like ah it was
her I'm sorry I scared and she was
telling me she's shaken I'm like why are
you shaking shake is right there the
corny joke somebody should stop I'm here
with NIDA and morality Khadija
say no no one
I should solid
what's up saying up some Nora what's up
and that's it shadow - yes I'm here with
Imani should be a shower she's very cute
no she was even shot - nobody shot after
no give me this chain let me see let me
see your part
it connects like this it says best
friend she's gonna have that I'm gonna
have this one thank you so much it's
your homegirl no Monda
she always comes to do and shows a lot
of month thank you so much that's crazy
thing I've seen her in New York before I
seen her Birmingham was here in her home
since the first time that we see each
other in her hometown so thank you so
much
come on Oh poison Hunter Twitter are you
doing she's very beautiful and we didn't
wear our last assignment matches we wore
who our onesies but this time we didn't
wear we try to swag that the next time
we're gonna have to come like ninja
ikrima are you doing I found
procrastination on Twitter
Ahana she came over from Glasgow thank
you so much
she's so amazing I don't enjoyed the
show what are you doing out of Center
last time someone stole my hat
Manchester I found her she's here sorry
apparently well I'm accusing I think I
think it's her but it's not I think it
was her so I just had is nice wait the
easy out from she's a hat beeps okay
happy birthday to Zainab no sobs inna
happy birthday happy birthday to you
does it thank you so much Shannon bro I
always talk about Instagram so yeah I
mean I snuck your pictures so I'm
telling her
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you all enjoy this wife who
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey if you made it to end this
vlog make sure you give it a thumbs up
honestly how much of you make it to the
end of the vlog so thank you guys so so
much and I just wanna say that the
Stockholm vlog which is rear up loaded
in this vlog got deleted because I play
like 5 seconds of the song one direction
and I didn't know they'll be deleting
the clip so I got the leader so I'll
read uploaded right now with the
Brussels blonde that has been a crazy
meeting tour I'm deadline I'm so tired I
seriously had no sleep for the past 7
days I really want to dedicate these
pass flags for you guys and to vlog with
you guys and to meet you guys and tell
you guys be a part of the vlogs you know
what I'm saying so hopefully you guys
enjoy that and enjoy the show take
Manchester tomorrow is London which is a
really big show we got this random phone
call for some random guy who was like
threatening us that he's gonna come to
the show and beat me up
seriously legit so I just want to know
I'm curious to know how will it go
tomorrow it might be a crazy filing day
but I don't know he's legit serious like
nah I just don't like him I just don't
like him I'm gonna come to the show
tomorrow I'm gonna beat him up with my
with my mints with mime and I'm like
he's doing all this little British slang
and sounds it sounds like he's legit
serious but it's just creepy I don't
know to be honest I want him to show up
I want to show people like that gave me
really really mad but let's see like
you
