hey guys what's up do me gang I hope you
all are doing great right now I am in
Manchester rehearsing for the Manchester
show we have done about five cities
throughout the tour we have three more
cities to go which is Manchester which
is going to be today London and then
Marrakech and Marrakech is a nice cool
surprise and Manchester London you guys
have a nice surprise because I am gonna
be performing tears my new single
featuring Zac night for the very first
time which comes out August 16th
but I'll be performing it in Manchester
in London so if anyone records it and
got something you probably can hear it
bum momma try to like don't I'm a
childhood you guys not to record
anything so it won't come out like that
I wanted to make it a surprise but
whatever comes into the show you guys
get a special performance exclusive
promises right now we're in Manchester
and why this really cool apartment it's
like really huge apartment looks really
cool let me give you guys an apartment
tour so this is the bed thank God
the bed is you it's the one to Stockholm
was like a fourth of this this is just a
bad by self bathroom no one cares about
the bathroom yes there's a closet well
let's go to the other room another room
here to the door shake isn't room with
two beds and then over here there's a
that is sick they got a washing machine
here there's another room here which is
another bathroom yeah we got two
bathrooms buddy yeah we got two
bathrooms that means you'll have to
knock and just go hard and like that
this is the living room where people
live but look like they died the TV this
is some art I don't know what that is
but it looks like a must okay this is
the kitchen probably gonna make some
breakfast tomorrow
maybe I don't know if I have time and we
have a balcony here nothing over
and this is the balcony
and we have horrible view I got so since
I didn't vlog that much today we are
going to be doing challenge figure I
decided to bring shake up Martin and to
do a challenge video if you guys do not
know he does have his own black channel
on his own channel which is in the link
down below but today we'll be doing a
challenge which is I don't know what to
call it was a coke language shell it's
called the language something like the
language here so I'm gonna say a word in
Arabic that he has no clue of and he you
gotta guess what it is and he's gonna
say awarded Bengali and i'ma guess what
it is what we're gonna do three words
and whoever loses they have to walk
around in their boxers outside the hotel
the apartment which is here outside the
balcony alright so I'm gonna go first
and my first word is is Masada I need
some clues well gang I believe it took
close I know it's a thing and yeah it's
nice it's comfortable
hello however you know filming love oh
oh shit I think I made it not that you
cheated a little knock knock knock who's
there
no another we're not are you serious
yeah but that's like a trigger good I
give me some clues feature feature yes
all right shows face and feature knock
knock well the Sun is it eyebrows long
yes what is gone wrong I thought I was
right what is it I was all right so nose
Oh mark pretty serious that's not right
there are you serious who calls nose a
knock hey look at your knock yeah it's
not oh my gosh well he gotta be kiddin
ya earn my money right okay Kevin you
make new Cabot's so close i i've noticed
i record if it's just a yemeni word but
huh kept it it is a thing andrew a lot
of thing has been closed and um yeah
anything close something close and um
yeah
thing clove that's all I'm saying sure
say fine Isaac yes you sure yes no pizza
man was it it's closet
Dumbo clothes before your clothing
closet what's the word Cavett's cards
come with like Cabot's kappa tinit
you're for my share in the cabbage
please
that's easy yes how do you say it even I
got it Wow kind of Bengali are you
laughing
refund you're a horrible nah man don't
call me now mother no less Oh Morgan
right now shake is about to come out the
Kabat ready shitty oh yeah yeah yeah
sounds matter what is it chitty-chitty
chitty-chitty unique so I want a shitty
building building building building
shitty window no no no yeah this is it
oh I was just saying to the window Ted
over a path to the wall tell us what
don't know it's stairs oh my god like I
was walking down the shitty then we
gonna walk about something so oh my god
I see huh hey da ROG bro Ali I've done
it now go down the telogen eyes you
better I was gonna she D gonna shitty
yes she D sound like a slide like it
going down something like like a roller
coaster or something better sound like a
bumpy ride ik there don't start she did
something with us like something like a
form of building I'm full of shit
you don't need ready fastener you go
through the bumps be more like much dark
like that I say this one is combin
probably give mint
yeah it is um it's it's nice it's nice
and it's nice that's it it's good and
calm belly that's nice you know in a
banal eat you know CDs right yeah that
means ass for them so here's what's
Emmys ass like but but it should do
another proper Bengali
that's how cymbals combo and comely
Bengali means blanket is blanket
is it oh don't count them cuz since this
is Bunga I don't know no no no that's a
virtual memory I mean I don't know
yeah many where I don't know if it's a
brick word it's a Bengali word it means
thank you so do you get it or you get a
right like your final answer yes his
bleep I'm saying do get it wrong I want
this I know it's not convoluted meets
ass right no that's exactly I'm not
selected oh no no no no that's like
saying oh you're lucky to meet this but
you didn't meet that also you can say I
want you always want later I will please
not in the winter shake apart
oh say one more if you could beat this
we do one more I not forget this right I
win the whole thing
okay okay lose you don't okay go won't
you think I don't something other than
together
I'm not a machine I might not Adam solid
Musa Musa
Venera Musa banana - banana the finest
air with Musa Musa banana
they found yet when was wrongly mean
sucks oh my god alright ladies gentlemen
Moe's amis banana no Musa Min Suk like
that's not my name is all that cool Rosa
most my I mean after Arabic boozing
ideas it don't come out of another hat
and I gotta get to Tata be ready
assume that second ah dude somehow la
basura Mia was pretty god I should make
it oh my god you know what were you
saying what are you saying
what do you say - Amanda mother like it
well the window
oh you don't have me right I lost I see
into your pants already 9 your shirt
over an angle I walk or I gotta walk
home boxers
I'll change it up I'm sorry line changer
look if you go to NAS and sit on your
boxers when I sit on him you sit on you
have your box that you stood on
what okay Nichkhun hold upon the fire
look I tried so I can't wear than that
please
hi guys it's time to wrap up this
challenge hope you guys enjoy the
challenge if you did make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go Turkey and if you
guys want to go see shakes channel or
shakes vlog channel you just click on
his way down so and his mate shake click
the higher click on his face and you
will see it and yeah I'm Matt I'll see
you guys soon take care and peace I like
