hey guys what's up Adam again good
morning it is really early in the
morning I'm gonna get a haircut because
I am sick of his hair so it might be
gone or I might stay I don't know what's
gonna happen to it so we'll see how it
goes I just got done with my haircut
what do you guys think huge shout out to
na z Z number one celebrity hairstylist
if you guys do not know he's not just a
loser he's also he's also me he's always
been a celebrity hair sauce so but you
know it look like you know the four
players you do their hair yeah I like
when I like I'm not a football but like
it yeah I'm feelin it's different what
you guys think let me know in the
comments below what you guys think this
haircut I think is different other one
was annoying it was getting really
annoying when I was doing it the long
way we just got here in düsseldorf
Germany and it is crazy crazy packed up
stairs outside you guys the first time
we actually did like a meeting here in
Germany so it looks really amazing I'm
so sorry we came about a half hour to 45
minutes late it was so much traffic
getting here to Germany and we finally
got home the leper altar not great let's
see how this goes maybe I should pick up
like a second let's see hello I'm not
even allowed to use the bathroom they
said if I wanna use the bathroom I need
to piss in a bottle
Digga Digga
Newswatch
what she made you gather thank you
Thanks or something yeah
Oh
with me
yeah she's a huge supportassist like
really long goes awesome it's nice to
see if so thank you someone that she
brought so so much it gives like human
code Turkish but oh my god Vinick I make
nothing thank you so much you guys
there's the amazing guy oh yeah thank
you so much you guys are amazing
watching your life
Oh
this is so amazing show a lot of love
she came to Amsterdam last year always
afraid for it so thank you so much
foreign star movement with the movie's
name is Bonnie here same name was my
older brother that nice your normal and
yeah so inside when we mix up diamond
girl for his taste and music guys ready
yeah no because in sound where's the guy
no cause of Beyonce know if it's no no
no I stay down my they wanna say my name
say my name say my babe I love you say
baby i love you say my name say my name
you got me going crazy baby why the
sudden change say my name
say my name say my name
yeah you got diamond and pearls money on
is mine no love for your girl come
anytime of the day I could be your best
friend always here to stay yeah the game
huh
he's yeah girls
oh we gonna party like it's your
birthday
ah we turn it up we just got done with
the meet-and-greet and the stuff it was
crazy amazing like you guys are just
wild and you guys are just amazing
the words you guys had we're just so
touching and knowing like you guys
coming up to me saying look your vlogs
make my day they smile and telling me
face-to-face truly meant the world like
I was literally about to tear and it
just felt so amazing thank you guys so
much
this is has been an amazing experience
and I do not want it to end I want to
keep going to every city meeting you
guys seeing different cultures different
languages and everything and I now
where's the building here I'm sorry I
don't know what's a call let me know the
counts without what's a call but we're
here in düsseldorf I'm here it looks
and I can't believe I'm in Germany
düsseldorf
been hearing so much about the stuff and
it's crazy how I'm finally here like I
just wanna say I'm did a lot for
everything that's been going on just
traveling the world and it just feels
amazing it's a blessing to even be
somewhere in a different country and
people knowing you and smiling because
of you so I think a lot for everything
and I thank you guys for always just
showing a lot of love and support my mom
and dad were always showing me the
support so yeah hi guys was time to wrap
up this vlog hope you all enjoy this
flight did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey I had an ending
for this flag ready
but then I got deleted sad do another
ending right now I'm actually in
Stockholm and we just did we just
finished Brussels so the Brussels vibe
will be up tomorrow and everything is
going by in time but it seems likes not
because of the time zones so yeah if you
guys enjoyed this vlog make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey they
got so much for always giving the vlog a
thumbs up and showing a lot of love and
support truly means the world it shows
me that you guys actually enjoy and take
the time out to just press a thumbs-up
for all the hard work and dedication I
always try to give you guys so thank you
guys so much for that I'll see you
tomorrow do me gang take care or peace I
love you
you
