alright let me give you guys a hotel
room tour because the ones in Europe
look really really weird so this is just
the toilet I don't we call it bathroom
so this is why they say toilet because
the toilet is separate which is so weird
because us cuz we wipe with water not
really
tissue so this is what we we all kind of
do all three of us we have that whatever
you use it you get up you travel all the
way here you go in yeah you do what you
got to do it this is the top and this is
when you take a shower I don't know how
to do that in Europe I was asking some
Europeans and they were like this is
normal
hey guys what's up one joke coming up on
two right now we just had a two hour a
two hour and a half drive all the way to
Paris and we are still about five
minutes away we're gonna head there now
and the prank I should maybe be pulling
we have to see how it is there first and
it depends on what's there first and
unlike the safety rules and everything
if it goes well there I could do it if
not and I got to do it in a different
City and I'll just chill out in Paris
invite what you guys if I'm getting my
redbull come an energy up and I'm ready
to meet my French homies it was good
hi guys we're here about Stockton
meet-and-greet in Paris when I counted
three you guys gonna see them one to
another way Oh dog SWAT
we're ready to do it this is our
background right here so let's do this
let's do it looks whacked out he got the
class on Ishmael and nos well you got
the truth organization but yeah he's
trying to hide you can't I wore a bit
late so we're gonna start there so nice
the sub speaks in the Arabic come on
come on yeah I hope everybody will meet
a demand changes m1ss we uh they should
be like us
oh thank you so much you're so sweet
thank you so much for coming you're
amazing I love you too thank you so much
guys my name is Adam and this is sana
either sada I don't so much love you so
much thank you thank you so much Adam
for Shane I'm wrong
thank you so much are you sure no y-axis
I I like no no they got so much for
coming
what were you telling me I said don't be
shy I waked Oh God
thank you so much you seriously made my
day she made me so happy and I love you
so much I love you to death I love you
so much
all right wrap cars Oh homie thank you
so much to me he's a really nice guy
amazing amazing we called him yes Nick
Jonas I still get jealous
I'm here with every and for me what's up
there so sweet ooh la la la la you shot
everybody for Tunisia Algeria
the same thing as my life looks like you
see that she's the twin version of me
like yeah she's literally just like I
just want to say I can't do anything of
the prank due to safety reasons and yeah
I'm just gonna wait on it I'm gonna wait
till perfect city to do it and hopefully
it'll go guys
right now we're gonna go to the shard on
easy I don't know I'm not fun
pronouncing it right and Paris like
these sick cards like these swag here
that it's crazy
oh my god got Paris and France this is
our only tattoo you got do not speak
French do you speak Dutch um Alice foot
hallo scoop how are you yeah are you
from evidence no in other room I'm not
that nice I want to go there nicely
enjoy Paris there
I'm so blessed I love Zuma who was good
I stole girl loose you man exactly I'm
back from New York City man I'm gonna
talk to you know thank you so much mr.
real pleasure
so if you guys don't remember him they
remember they can't remember oh yeah you
got the blue the way here look at the
air questioning yeah can you go the
honeymoon with me we get married what I
have my wife and men with a lady no man
with man one because going to this Oh
holiday come on No why not
I'm just misheard you Robbie
thank you so much hey guy let's get that
book
je t'aime beaucoup
good thank you I was about to eat pizza
here Shawn uneasy I remember getting a
cup of orange juice and it costed 13
euros for a cup of orange juice I'm like
I could have bought a $2.00 amenazas
Tropicana brought it to Paris and had
eight cups of oranges like
smells like he tells us the history and
everybody we go to Israel boy history
Brussels history of Paris if you tell
the history of stuff but if it happens
if I act like a thug in France your
moment
Oh Saudi Arabia one animal walking up to
them
yeah yeah we optimized shout out to
everybody okay I got your friends would
take everything
kids got really scared I feel so bad oh
my god I'm not doing that no more that's
what we just got back to the hotel was
amazing amazing time in Paris I slept
throughout the whole ride from Brussels
to Paris I saw it's a huge thank you to
everybody for Paris who came out you
guys showed amazing love amazing support
Amsterdam tomorrow then after that it's
I believe what was it after that it's
why you order like that after that is
düsseldorf then start cone the Brussels
no this opposite is Amsterdam
düsseldorf Brussels and Stockholm
Manchester London Marrakesh and then I'm
going back to New York shakers go back
to New York
Naz is going I believe - so Umbra is now
is going to Saudi Arabia shake me shake
going back to New York so that's pretty
much gonna what you know do you not know
bro nice dinner door who's allowed to do
blow dumb question is that not smoggy
you but nuts you know and oh man i when
you go out the cab at everybody goes one
way right yeah that's why I'm good
opposite way you know I'm right you know
how they throw rocks at your dock yeah
another type of guy like the RO some of
your other side yo just people to be
doing wrong is the do penguins even do
overs okay now that says I got a serious
question guys you ready yeah go
you sure you want to Saudi Arabia or not
the North Pole yeah it's Gaza crazy no
we're just messing around we're here
gotta wake up early for am today so
hopefully all it turns out well well
Amsterdam we all call me ready and if
anybody was like wondering why we're
doing that video it was obviously
inspired by the rocket Kevin Hart well
other than that I'm gonna be wrapping up
the vlog here
nah say peace
this is just Bonta
it's just Vantaa ha ha it's bantering I
said I just mentioned we just missing
around we're gonna see you got some more
em send me up take care and peace let
you last I'm funny nice angle
yeah bye auro Savita
you
