hi guys what's up and do me yank this is
Adam Saleh and I'm here at the new Adams
family house in Dumaguete I know I
always say I'm at the new Adams family
house but the reason why I say that
because whenever I say that you guys
know the vlog is about to be lit there
is three special guests coming over to
the new Adams family house it is my best
friend / cousin slim his little brother
which is also my cousin happens I'm in
the mid Nikki aka Pender they're coming
over my house to help me out with
everything with the furniture the beds
the couches so huge shout out to them
always surround yourself with friends
who would help you out you know you got
to help each other out love you slip
into keep and Hamzah but I really feel
bad for Hamza Slim's little brother
because as you guys know it is prank
week and today he is my victim I'll tell
you guys more about it in a few I think
they're here let's go see the pool yo yo
yo was good because o it is many gonna
have fun let's come to me some people
think you guys did the same person with
a not the same person look at the height
difference hi guys first watch will
think the homie slim - keep it hands up
for coming through helping me out sissy
man I appreciate you guys you know it's
cold man it's so freezing man I got cold
it's coming this was a puddle but now
look at it
this is like glass man this is like this
is a weapon look it do me gang I'm
inside my office right now hey don't
shoot don't shoot you guys should get
used to this now seeing me in the office
and see me my whole floor I'm gonna show
you guys a little more today but I do me
again if you guys want send me some
fanart
I'm gonna be putting it here all over
here so whenever I start the intro it'll
be here it'll show your pain or every
single day so if you guys want to be in
the fan art send me something to my
appeal box right here and I know you
guys are really really talented so I
cannot wait what happened awesome guys
moistens gonna shoot this limb with the
nerf gun you ready yes
slim I just wanna tell you that this is
you know home to man yeah you woke up
anytime after the whole confession
everything yeah like you're walking on
my home like whenever the heck you want
you could just come in I'm at home over
here do you love shooting slim do me
gags so this is what I don't really like
us working right now I don't know I just
opened up I'm really really bad at
opening boxes especially easy boxes and
this man the homie right here he told me
that we'll never the easies are released
but this is what we're doing we have to
fix up a desk the beatsie desk we have
to put it together by the way guys and
the key was gonna be a lot more on blogs
he's gonna be here helping me out a lot
of time seriously man you guys do not
know how much he helps me helps me so so
much also we're gonna be starting like
you know twitch streams more vlogs more
editing work more everything literally
we're gonna make it so so they'll be
real I know man I can't believe this
might be 2018 milk hi guys so working
really hard right now me
and the homie the Hulk right now we're
gonna go in I got them Afghan food cuz
you know slim gloves you know Afghan
stuff you know what I'm saying
I got you
I mean if she's sweet like you and I
don't mind yeah do me gang I just got
the 7-eleven with the homie slim Oh
booty booty booty I'm about to get Tic
Tacs right now I'm gonna use it as
medicine and I'm gonna put it inside a
little medicine bottle then I'm gonna
get hands that along with Slim's little
brother
and I'm gonna pretend that I overdose so
we're gonna see what he does man like
it's like a little experiment we gonna
see what he does ready yeah I'm ready
well he's what we thing's gonna do I'm
just like he's always a goodie good boy
take to do me dang I am back home in my
spot I feel like this spot here I always
use it before I do something really
really bad everyone else is downstairs I
just wanted to show you guys the till
bottle right here and some tic tacs
we're gonna put it in Boston hold this
do me gang I just got done with it look
at this alyc celery oh no what Mawson I
feel so bad I'm gonna bring you on this
prank with me you wanna prank you want
to high-five it's do me gig I'm gonna
put money to break with me again I feel
so bad so this is what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna let you eat this okay okay and
then when you eat it you're gonna go do
you know how to do that or not yeah do
me gag thumbs up for the main moves and
I feel so bad I always get him in a lot
of trouble you still love me even though
I'll get you in trouble you do big hug
he still loves me so much like I'm ready
to go but do me a before we go make sure
you guys subscribe hey grab subscribe to
do me again because I upload every
single day thumbs up and do me a
thumbs-up I do me again
thumbs up promotion feel so bad for
because I know he's gonna beat me up
after the prank he's only 3 years old so
he doesn't realize how am I getting into
these pranks I'm Austin it's gonna be
memory you never forget look he's
kissing me good muffin
he's the hero of the day I'm sorry Luke
aim it I felt so guilty he was like the
older brother that violated for no
reason like Childre yeah I'm so sorry I
had to get you don't say I had to give
you a welcome to the new Adams family
house mom it all came here just to prank
you know like the whole thing to plan
break Hamza and then here there to get a
break that Adam right before his whole
prank husband yeah man he got you person
I know man he pretended to make damn
mikey is good man if you guys won't
check out the videos give me a Slims
channel the reason I'm feeling really
good his bags like what are you thinking
window and what
when mustn't build up my dad about the
tattoos oh wow well the guy you got a
good heart myself a really good heart
really really good heart
huh I died I died huh
give me a hug give me a hug I'm sorry
mmm I give heavens a hug give her a hug
and a big kiss and a big kiss do me a it
is like the middle of the night right
now we're still working so hard for you
guys because I want this reveal video to
be really really dope January first you
guys will see it this is the desk
we finally got done real talk to Adam
January 1st also January 6 which is the
announcement of Rima and Watson that
they're gonna make I seriously cannot
cannot wait is gonna be really really
dope 2018 is gonna be a year where like
I'm getting to go hard man like these
days it's been taking me like 3 to 4
hours to edit used to never take me 3 to
4 hours said I'm trying to do more like
I'm trying to give you guys more dope
editing style seriously to me I'm trying
my best to give you guys everything you
guys are showing so much love thank you
guys so much for everything you guys do
tomorrow I do not know how it's gonna go
yet but you guys will see it it might be
the last prank that I'm gonna try my dad
I'm getting to see how it goes other
than that we gonna knock up right now
I'm gonna go to sleep I'm so so
exhausted I really hope you guys enjoyed
if you guys did make sure you guys
subscribed because a lot of you guys
will watch the vlogs like 40% of you
guys are not subscribed to watch the
vlogs so subscribe to me getting thumbs
up and I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace wish me luck I love you
the way I love you can't wait to put you
on tonight cuz I don't feel girl and on
a rail we'll be doing the most tonight
just you and I girl
my need aside from one-on-one session
