hey guys what's up and do me gang hope
you all are doing great today it is
about 9 10 o'clock I started liking
really late because I has a pack because
I'm leaving in a few hours at around
5:00 6:00 a.m. I got so we called
jasmine and Ross they are good friends
but we're gonna scare them wait let me
show them along the mood go scare them
look quick not like a rock the car give
me money son okay now window open the
door open the door
Hey Joe Hey Joe Hey Joe hey hey if they
ran up yeah I feel so bad I'm sorry Ross
where's Ross here oh dear
oh he's coming he's coming
but wait I've goes over from saris that
upset I do i moose over then she drove
up on our white driving exact 44 accost
I'm so sorry I did it I'm sorry
jazzy I'm sorry are you okay I feel so
ever I feel bad you always ran over my
foot you know it all right
you almost ran over my foot I was like
this okay sobs I rested it was this is
the most random pig ever oh my god
we ran we saw them like near near London
somewhere so we'd like you know what
let's just pull a random prank you just
came out of nowhere
oh no random break that was the most
random thing I feel so bad
cuz like I was so afraid if I get in the
car something could happen but I'm done
nothing happens so everything it was
cool because Alina's does right Sears
and wherever we don't eat we let them
take a picture of it tear we reunited
before I leave me Mawson yeah so this I
know it's our last time what some Rocco
now we're we on it but it's all good we
gonna have a crazy mom like it's gonna
be sick
let's go we're gonna turn up what's the
stake here's six days to go see that
shit we wanted my feels what is that
what is that America have you guys got
Twitter or film I've been training so
I've been drinking whoo
now this place is jalapeno this is
non-alcoholic barbecue barbecue looks
like a little yeah it's got that it's
like a loser for me so no yeah
non-alcoholic let them know fella yes no
not colleague here thank you I wonder
this you should show the cam she went
over out ready I'm joking - Marshall
guys I'm sorry but we gotta zoom in
yours is a chicken burger chicken burger
boy but man is a catch-all I'll do the
same thing I don't know about you guys
but mayonnaise and ketchup mixed
together taste so banging like the king
is here the king is here
I don't know what kind of food is it
what kind of food is it's like Asian
food or our food or what this magic
French Mediterranean blue you got a
right Mediterranean so we locked in here
oh we coming up
once the bottom cancel yeah this is what
this area is get shot again pill yeah
does that mean disabused everything yeah
you're good come bit like this it is
this type this is hurt there's the new
book is there
hey yo hood what against is that you
know who's here ad you hunt oh this is
not just a hood i g-guess I join what I
thought about it I don't know this is
one dead hood where is it
these guys are thugs of the hood bow
this head whatever dude I want to watch
it what is this - sweets and no one paid
50 P action anyway cubed don't we so
under paid for this
why'd you pay them extra just cuz we got
to lie and the shop was pretty cool he's
a nice guy
happy birthday
so yeah
I'm here at neon lounge in London having
to chill out
before I head back to the airport and if
you guys know how much I love Buenos
they got this crazy bueno milkshake
it tastes so when a wheel
I mean gain so much weight I need to
gain weight because I've lost so much
weight from Europe Europe gives so much
less food I notice in America I gained
so much way in America when I got here I
lose weight do you guys ever come to
neon lounge make you guys got a point
almost research you think it's the best
sushi lounge here in London some guys
ever come to tell them Adam told you you
want to know what you got to do you got
to bring some ucation to us that company
suit
all right you're gonna bring the USA
like the USA shisha is different so
different it's like yeah it's like it's
a huge difference I'll tell you you
gotta bring it up so watch this space
yeah get open one in New York City yes I
opened up was a confession it yes
he's got parties he's a big man with the
fan what maybe we'll have an arguable
saying they was TMT TMT he's having a
fight with Berto this one team Khanna
Empire no one else yeah okay all the way
yeah well she should have I should have
been a fight cuz I don't know if that
Berto
it's gonna be a boring fight everyone
kind of wood what kind of like maybe the
Platinum gave a toast card never we
don't go and what you think come on
dunno comments great gotta Susie's yeah
oh oh I got fish isn't what's how do you
do everything you got different one
that's not that little bit oh yeah
that's sick but I told us everybody yeah
don't ever give your mic to a New Yorker
right cuz when I was seven years old so
much for my bike they're like let me
test drive your bike so I'm gonna tell
you that right now imma touch everybody
guy hey let me see oh yeah everything
out for you get Oh Simon dude
beyond lounge and I'm out whoa-oh-oh-oh
voice breaks of that oh oh okay now I'm
gonna streak it's like 2:00 a.m. right
now my flight is literally like 3-4
hours so I'm headed to the airport now
and I head back to New York City to see
the family and I'm definitely gonna be
in New York City for about a good couple
months oh good a couple months unless I
go unless I got something else booked
and I have to go back I'll go laughs but
oh I got action I'm gonna try to drive
I'm trying about the bike with no hands
ready oh no no it was good
hi guys I'm finally at the airport I'm
leaving now
I'm gonna say goodbye to London goodbye
tunas easy bro good looking out over
everything was a crazy two three weeks
crazy tour goodbye to this car also this
car is probably gonna be gone but time
will come back go it'll be gone
yeah I'm sending ah she's gonna be gone
so than that
I'll be back to inshallah and we'll see
what's next
so it's about 4 a.m. right now and I
have an hour wait at the airport I'll be
chilling and reading books I know this
is like really weird but you guys gave
me these books this was in nothing
Germany some of them from Sweden it's
called the power of positive thinking so
it's really good to read a book and it's
going to give you some positive thoughts
another one that's called don't sweat
the small stuff
I'm loving these books actually read a
couple pages and it just makes you think
so positive it takes away all the
negativity surrounding around you and
just keeps that positive circle on do
which is really really good another one
called shit happens the atom goes on
thank you so much to three girls from
Germany Romania Layla and Marva and I
have another book and as these amazing
amazingly quotes in them that keep me
positive from Rwanda and roba Rwanda
roba thank you so much
this book is seriously I mean there's 99
reasons why I love it thank you so much
this is so this literally 99 reason
thank you guys so much for keeping me
company even when you guys are not here
so I'm you reading some books and I'll
see you guys after cut
alright guys so it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you guys enjoyed this
flag we did make sure give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey to everybody from
Europe the year of tour was an amazing
amazing experience an amazing journey I
truly love you guys so so much thank you
guys for everything for creating
memories make sure you give it a thumbs
up for your amazing dedication of work
and thank you guys so much for making me
such a hard worker and for keeping me
motivated inspired a truly Musil world
I'm gonna end the vlog here it's about 5
a.m. right now and I need to like edit
I'm going to edit in the plane to try to
upload a lot in plane I'm going to
upload once I get to New York City
tomorrow you guys will see The Addams
Family and we're back to Anna's family
in my house and my bed I'll miss my bed
so hopefully all turns out great I'll
see you guys tomorrow
take care of Douma gang I love you guys
so much take care peace I love you
you
