hey guys what's up do me gang I hope you
all are doing great
right now I am at the airport I am
heading back to the UK and then Europe
for the Europe tour I'm so excited
because at first I'm doing a Europe tour
the first time doing a tour in the
summertime and you know how I was home
for a week and you guys were enjoying
the New York City vlogs you guys were
enjoying the prank we vlog you know I
was doing a prank week on The Addams
Family
but I also have you guys his family and
I'm I'm seeing you guys this week and
the week after you know I don't want to
say I don't want to say anything but you
know Frank week last week and this week
it might be a little prank week undo me
gang family so if you guys are coming to
the tour watch your back I am coming for
you guys outside inside when you guys go
to the bathroom when you guys come out
the bathroom just be careful I'm gonna
get you guys worse than the way I got my
family guys I couldn't get my dad
because it's so hard to get him to sit
in one place but I promised so again
back when I I'm back in New York City I
will get daddy if you watching this my
chill back to me watch show back I never
been to this side of JFK Airport it's
really weird
alright so I just came out of security
and I get so mad because they always
tell me to take out my laptop
put it somewhere like separately I don't
know why they do that didn't want to
check like what you've been watching or
you remember in your laptop something
like that anyone knows why they do that
please let me know in the comments below
I really really want to know why they
tell you to put your laptop separately I
don't know getting some snacks
shake is even here yet
like stupid I know he's gonna ask some
of mine so I would just give him his old
chips
follow us here
on your picture picture so look we
decide to show up and I get close and
literally like five minutes ago we made
we got him some chips and chocolate but
you're not appreciating you know wants
to go get a sandwich well by
government's I was gonna miss my flight
it's fall minute nobody trusts me five
minutes you'll dog better yo listen he's
gonna miss the flight
I'm telling me he gonna miss it so I
bought an egg and cheese sandwich from
the airport
they cost $11 for a plane egg and cheese
sandwich from it's called grandma's
classic egg sandwich it's better be made
by a real grandma second I can go in
from the corner store like two dollars I
mean I'm not complaining about the price
mama you saying like the difference
there being expensive from the airport
and from like an outside I don't know
why the airport this is XO 11 $11 for a
little egg sandwich it better be made by
real grandma or else it's not worth $11
you know what I'm saying because of my
grandma made egg salad
I'll be charging people like 13 14
dollars because she's my grandma she's
she's cooking she should be chillin with
relaxing not making egg sandwiches but
try to taste this grandma egg sandwiches
he feels good
without gazenga alright what do they say
honey
and I wasn't in here nothing go get some
of my dick you want I got three P oh
I've got one sandwich it because love
your dollar
I got three think about how much 20
bucks my original one is $27 per
sandwich the water and the chips and a
chocolate this is how we look eating and
everybody past
so what's that my dismay yup yeah and
now go at the airport there from Saudi
Arabia they're heading to San Diego
we're talking here gosh
that it says he doesn't change a corner
you live in Ghent over there go to San
Diego
yeah get a Molson Airport it's getting
lost in screams do you like me they know
what I'm from new outfit he's a cousin
oh yeah my uncle's friend yeah for real
yeah good meeting yes you need him back
to London he's my cousin
and little wing that party of money we
should be blessed that I drink juice in
there
baby you know can be seen everybody
Irish peeps in beer
comfortable that it was like
you're welcome
feel bad for the people who let it clean
the plains look oh my gosh so much we
are now in Dublin Ireland we're gonna go
connect our fight to London it's super
cold in Dublin like it's freezing you
guys do not all know so we just went
through customs in Ireland Dublin I
don't know if we're gonna go through
customs again in London hopefully not
because customs are so annoying it is so
scary it makes you feel like you've done
something wrong when you didn't do
anything really all goes well in shell I
was on the plane go there was this lady
let me touch it there was this lady on
this on the plane she'd stand next to me
then I got so bored so I started like
trying to talk to her she thought I was
flirting worried she started saying like
I was like well why are you going to
Ireland she's like well because my
boyfriend lives here and I was like oh
okay like I don't know I just I just
hate like sometimes I just want to talk
normally unifix a girl boy doesn't
matter but she got it like the wrong she
got it like the wrong way ours is cowboy
Clem then which one not to see it I
don't see it Aussie all right then down
his hours I think wait for gate so I got
these Tom Ford sunglasses about a month
ago and I lost it last week I lost it
last week
so now I need to get new shades because
I'm not gonna go to Europe without I
need some shades for the Sun
it's 4:30 a.m. tonight and I got no
sleep on a airplane because lady next to
me just kept thinking that I was flying
over her and she was gonna get really
mad but so good what you guys think it
might be strange shadow racket or nope
good luck there's nothing here under
that watch this way to put your shades
on polarize nothing
it's polarized so if you guys don't know
I died a part of my hair we're just like
a lot like a little patch not all of it
a half just a little patch of my hair so
I don't know blue or green I haven't
showed it I don't even think I want to
show it because you guys have been
roasting me every getting roasted I
called I think it's funny though but I'm
just not gonna show it just for you guys
I don't know since you guys are Osten me
I ain't gonna show my hair on the block
I've been called a mint chocolate ice
cream
I've been called toothpaste I've been
called the Joker
I've been called a mermaid I've been
called Kylie Jenner I was expecting
Kylie Jenner but when I did my hair I
was I was trying to put it into like the
color blue but then the lady just came
out to like she said I was like oh it
just came out green
and it's not really agreed it's like a
bluish greenish color I don't know
should I show it I don't know now I'm
not gonna show it because you guys
roasted me so I'm gonna show it's this
you guys are roasted me gonna see why
I'm not taking off chill all right some
of the bathroom and I decided to ya show
my hair and end the vlog here so you
guys let me know in the comments below
what you guys think I decided to just do
something new for the tour or just I
took another chance I just I wanted
something I wanted to try something new
I just in life I love trying new stuff
even if it doesn't look all right I
think it looks I think it looks all
right better than the blog but yeah it
looks kind of weird but it's not dead
right now and I haven't you slept or
nothing like that so it probably looks
really weird anyway this tops wrap up
this vlog I hope you guys all enjoyed
this flag if you did make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go turkey if you made
it to the end of this vlog right here
give it a thumbs up I'll see you guys
tomorrow I am gonna be at Crawley
tomorrow all the information will be
down below
take care earng peeps like
you
