ah do you like my hair yeah you like it
a liar a little bit yeah be honest don't
lie to me yes I miss you more ream I'm
gonna come soon okay I'm getting yeah
1 1 1
okay I'm gonna come now okay nice not
here Yuma because we're not UK rima can
you sing me a song dear
yeah Sigma da English yeah sing it
realize you can you see me see me
another song another song
yeah sing Nestle creamer walk but
alphabet what is that
hey guys what's up right now we are in
stockholm sweden by the
meaning he was supposed to be performing
it's weird and then something happened
with the venue and stuff so everything
supposed to be canceled but we ended up
doing a meet-and-greet here in a place
called plot on so hopefully we get to
meet all of you guys and turn up with
you guys in this place
we're here with Sheikh Natali Natalie
son Natalie and I she's helping us out
her and Dorothy Dorothy Ursa adores
outdoors I'm a callable Italian Dorothea
they're helping us a lot and Mohammed
Ali and yeah Naz you ready you know it's
pride day today and excited today yeah
you know today in Sweden it's it's a
pride day so today's not is dated it's
not the holiday that's already we were
heading there now
I got my lollipop lolli lolli lolli
lolli lollipop we're about 200 meters
away which is about five minute walk and
supposedly it is like packed like people
are saying we're probably gonna die but
we're gonna check first for everyone's
safety Schuyler goes well and then we go
over there we try to organize it do a
little meet and greet going there and
let's see how this goes I'm excited
cycle how we're going out
students
oh my god
oh my god I am I can't breathe I need
someone oh my god oh my god it goes they
come another day oh my gosh I love you
we're now in the ocean or river here in
Stockholm just chillin trying to find a
way we got away trying to find a way to
meet you guys even more it was like
literally impossible oh my god I did not
expect that in Stockholm it was great I
underestimated you guys and you guys
were crazy
bye and try to find a way I might tweet
the hotel and then delete it right away
but if I do do that if you guys show up
I might get kicked out before you're
kicked out who cares as long as it's
calm and I meet some of you guys one by
one we're gonna do an organized meeting
be here don't get kicked out but it's
working out it's amazing meter psycho
how you doing I'm good good we chilling
come through here we see so the camera
meet me what's up make sure this may
have
on the bug tomorrow mr. wolf make sure
it's something like it will be up about
right now we are here and who she goes
Natalie's battle house Natalie's
family's house and Nicole is a
competition winner and Twitter
Nicole C hi hi hi now we're going in it
so you're hungry thank you guys so much
mom that's now that's a grandma hi
grandma oh thank you so much I'm lucky
to be here thank you so much chelo kabab
nice Persian food thank you so much this
is amazing I'm ready to do speeches in
it now this is a hundred pieces of
hungry how they are on your face are
they hey Baba I don't worry yet
determined edible
this food is banging me like a biscuit
hey Zack what you guys what's up - how
much good that he have they wait here
for the hotel for couple hours me honey
I mean every two hours what's good thank
you guys so much I love you guys I love
you guys massage to anybody yes sir
shout out with my friend C hum she's
gonna be gay I got to shout out to see
how I'm what's up we just got done with
Stockholm Sweden was still gonna have
some picture with you guys were outside
and what crazy amazing it was just I did
seriously didn't expect this I thought
it was gonna be like just like a normal
like not much and I didn't know people
in Stockholm Sweden would know anything
like that but it was absolutely like I
was I'm speechless it was just so crazy
but you guys were so nice but also so
very violent well seriously thank you
guys so much for everything for all the
love and support and Sweden you guys
were seriously so amazing thank you guys
so much for inviting my heart you guys
were so sweet and you guys made me smile
so it truly means the world thing you
got so much for that take care peace
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey Thank
You Sweden I love you
you
