you gonna jump straight like that now
that I jump straight you can't touch me
yeah just jump straight my name's gonna
jump straight into the pool
he's not gonna test you the water a tool
he's just gonna jump in and let's see
how he reacts
it is cold I I know it's covilh√£ do is
jump straight about doing Michael Phelps
Tigers ready yeah go for it I speak
Arabic okay tomorrow go haha chub-o one
hour out is the New York jump watchdog
oh how is it crazy beliefe I got the
towel it says FCB ball club wait
Barcelona but he's saying this fake club
or someone he had my video Bob Liam
Neeson I want you to see this pretend
you on the phone
it was a liras a platform see see I will
find you I will find you and it's crazy
come on
yeah
you
you
that was good you shot
oh please Charlotte if you for you have
to go to max go ahead you go outside you
take a fish out those guys so get away
hey guys what's up so we might be
pulling a big prank on Aunt Edna goes if
you ask nobody's the guy that was
sleeping in bed basically mean Oz gasps
and Mawson are all playing a long while
in on it the only person that does not
know his engine osburgh and have a huge
argument pretend about the fight and he
hasn't lost an organ like Chowchilla I'm
going to see how and reactive
get ready well we need to go to let me
talk
yeah I should have a charlie yes ah I
don't tell you also children doesn't to
go they won't say that fucking let's go
to the Google Talk
this is good tomorrow 505 for we should
go tomorrow because we go now we win
with matter boom oh I want to go to
Theni I need to go to the meeting that's
the whole point why don't you and it
looks to me for his mojo okay future but
are we passing alone dude have you
business lesson let us say we go let's
go tomorrow before it's gonna be same
Shalom I know it's wasting tonight what
are we fucking weights again is out
there oh that's what we Malaysia same
thing fucking goes always go next so if
it's not they believe in it
Tom James the whole reason we're became
is for the fucking million what was for
the twelve know what's in this view code
me even oh you need to get changing goes
to war before the show starts have your
meeting before I'm secretly saying
nobody to my eyes out the fuck man you
don't understand bro I can speak to
these guys all the way from fucking
Feeny they know I'm coming in today I
hope how's it going guys okay hang on
beneath it about half an hour so what
you do see him she could have been I was
fucking two hours well no don't just go
off and out bro we loves you're going
out with this guy oh this happen us two
hours ago
hello mrs. Cole they stopped then get
into a debate well doctor what do you
mean what do you mean son oh nice not
even about that other one oh you wanna
didn't fucking personal what you mean
commentator personable I'm fucking I get
personal for you
I love you cuz to believe this you're
gonna sit on a real - no yes I will
operate Bell and my daddy who the fuck's
in at the show who rouhani we bring in
the fucking show he's not saying it to
you bro
I like this gallery minute maybe change
it but we just go over there plus bottom
row the whole time it's like that upon
them fuck up for this brunch Oh children
especially without I do think we do what
is perception
fucking what
funny Joe who do we know you should know
we gotta join a record love this guy I
love everybody in here we've been
chillin with pure hearts genuine hearts
mean oz and yes most and everybody here
it's just been an amazing time here
Morocco Circe oh thank god so much for
every time time we're gonna go out what
we're gonna have our meeting through
with the but that will happen tomorrow
yeah we'll see how you
