I got that we want some huh
I got that loud
so Rima is really really mad right now
or sad or something like that and it's
funny why she's mad but now she's
getting happy because that's the reason
why she's mad but she'll tell you Eva
why are you mad because what you want to
take a video with me ya wanna vlog with
me yeah love logging yeah huh you want
to go outside
yeah so I was laying down I just woke up
and read my camera to me she's like add
them let's vlog and I Grima I don't know
where's a camera and I want to sleep
then she started going crazy and just
like bugging out and saying like I'm on
the vlog right now I want to take a
video and now your flight and gonna say
something to them what do you want to
tell them come on tell them something so
nice I huh what do you want to tell them
huh tell them I love you
that's are you gonna tell them yeah why
why do you love them because I'll make
you in in the video you like me in the
videos yeah what about me in real life
no you don't like me relief yeah I like
you not the life do you say in dream up
that's my stuff do so do you like me to
real life no no I'll make you do you
like me in videos yeah what about real
life yeah so you just like me yeah what
about in real life no I'm just saying do
you like me in real life yeah oh hey
Larry my you're confusing you aside you
I know what thank you son you wanna come
with me outside yeah say I love you do
me gang and do me gang say I love you
Rema Oh pull up we need to give you a
fan name what is it ah Rima
but realities no dream Oh tease no no
what do you want guys leaving the
comments below a fan named for Rima I
got a do me to do me game
don't you want to name them bikes no no
no let them name you something cool in
the comments below okay okay oh you want
a princess yeah yeah okay what about
princesses
you guys are Prince what about Remo
something I don't know you guys even
comment below and let me know okay
what's up guys right now I'm in Central
Park
I'm waiting for some person who always
comes late and still comes late and it's
always here we're gonna be filming for a
say Europe tour that we're gonna have
next week it is gonna be crazy a lot of
surprises we're filming the video for it
right now and hopefully goes great and
we'll see how it goes and look who's
finally here and on his phone with yeah
I just see this guy from longer and I'm
still the same man still comes late no
no I didn't come in he came late that's
what is he came late
I really haven't went out in New York
City for so long so hey there's only
film missing like you know in New York
there's this little piece missing that
was so sweet
oh wait I'm ready we're about to do some
ready we can't say right we don't want
to hype it up much stuff like that cuz
you want another type it up man no no we
wanted to be like unexpected so we'll
see you see you see how it is we'll see
how it is let's do it so when such a
bargain with the homies Kinesis and
Shammi say what's up yeah they're from
what's up it was good
they got that they got the Hannah honor
yeah Oh eat I thought I thought they
were Arab but they're actually the bingo
yeah they've been wrong and their hats
are sick I like a hat so it's really
really cool so excuse me
that's one can I be twins with you show
you care yeah we do is today you guys
like a fresh start look sick like sick
keep it over
guys
sun-lee seeking Susan
so I met the homie David say what's good
man we didn't anyway from the Bronx I
from the Bronx and I watch all of them
every video was awesome thank you so
much watch the video then you shout out
to me thank you so much all of Sodom I
appreciate it man all right you stay
right isoform stuff stuff for the tour
and shake is not stopping talking about
this girl we just met I'm just saying I
don't care tell us it the girl we just
met in the black I think anyone's at
konista Bengali girl shake
I don't canoes I'm sorry I would tell
you straight up shake is in love shake
is like he's looking for you
he's looking all over you say Adam why
did he tell her let's go look for let's
go down what I think I'm like y'all
shake look we have to focus on the
tauren let's do this he's a joke anis if
you watching this I'm sorry
yeah he he want to talk to your daddy
cuz he he wants to get very - yeah I was
lucky shake I'm okay with that squirrel
we're right there we get our little
tourist a nice book do you know how to
talk to squirrels you know I talked to
it Talihina down and have you beat on
your little attack huh well don't go
guess what I got I got some spongebob I
ski got some spongebob ice cream got
some spongebob I I always loved these
when I was young gonna taste so good now
that I eat it now I miss it like I feel
like my childhood is back look how sunny
and cloudy it is here look at this storm
coming right now it is about to go down
oh my God look these birds
that is crazy
find everywhere what's up birdie birdie
fun on the trees I know it's prank week
on the Anna's family but I am taking one
day off because I'm trying to set up a
really huge prank on my dad and I'm
trying to like make it go well because I
don't know I don't want it to go bad I'm
trying to make it go good so since I can
do a Addams Family prank week today I
will give you guys a little mini prank
outside right now
I'll think of something to give you guys
something says I can't give you guys a
little mini prank from The Addams Family
I'll give you guys something today I
promise you guys that all right so this
is what I'm gonna do I'm gonna pretend
that sell drugs and I'm gonna go up to
someone and just see if they want drugs
and yeah let's just see how it goes got
that we got that we got that weebo yo I
got that we want some huh I got that
loud yeah you want some yeah yeah let me
know what you want your pokeweed loud
mad Ashish ah somewhat cool yeah I got
some coke here what you want want it
yeah can we $50
you want the $25 $25 one which one you
want for the phone for 25 one I give me
a second
so you show you won it all right one
five one five two one two yeah we got
them say all right don't don't move
sorry Ted yeah we got him yeah come down
yes back up come now he's armed
yes don't move look why are you doing
this huh what are you doing - Allah what
do you mean I'll just play the martyr
what did we just win sit down sit down
don't move it give me ID ID let me see
id minor
you have ID let me see one five one five
come now come with ak-47s right now you
see I get up get up Dumbo
get a gossip all right now get again
support don't move don't move your hands
up hurry up come now hands up don't move
come now in five don't move ok I'm gonna
come back Domo so I met the homie Simone
from what I see it yes so like yeah
lavake it so hard for you to pass pocket
right here the wrong way and you want to
tell me with you no time I made like one
day Ramadan get a pass
yeah that's cool that's really good
thank you also my friend Carlos then
he's from Bogota Muslim no any fast one
time yeah you like it yeah it's good yes
really go much respect to your homies
the moment everybody was like oh mom
gear like that means a lot man pretty
good yeah hey what have you and next
time you're gonna pass together this is
crazy
this toy store that we always go through
and like the past three years of the
whole vlogs its shut down like literally
shut down I don't know if you guys
remember was a place called where
remember that guy I was hearing I sat
next and I like this then I went in I
want to top of the elephant its oh my
gosh
you have butterflies waiting huh I
bought it sundar my house bro what are
you gonna make it like a desi food
stress right now shop why do they close
it down I want to know why why they
closed it down this way
that's crazy we shut down everything no
it's my little baby
this is my favorite toy store no I'm so
mad right now you guys oh I got so it's
time to wrap up this vlog hope you all
enjoy this flag if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey I just
want to say thank you guys so much for
all of the past few days you guys have
been showing so much love to vlogs and
it truly means the world through the
prank week you guys have been always
going so hard with the thumbs up and
everything a lot of people think
vlogging and just doing YouTube videos
is so easy all you need is a camera and
throw it up and just say whatever and
just upload it but it's not actually
takes a lot of dedication a lot of hard
work a lot of stress but I'm - laughs so
much fun with it because you guys truly
make it so much fun with the comments
below you guys have put the tweets you
guys sent me we just have so many stuff
that we always just have fun with
together so I want to say thank you so
much for
making me even more motivated more
dedicated into doing videos every single
day for you guys I love seeing you guys
smile and brightening w days I love
seeing you guys tweet me saying or this
video made a day this vlog made or day
so it truly means the world other than
this cheesy moment we have to announce
the winner of the giveaway that I
promised and I'm not gonna announce it
today because I haven't chose I don't
know about will promise I will choose
the winner this week I'm so like digging
and looking and yeah it's really hard to
choose because it's like a lot of you
deserve it but apt but I will be doing
more giveaways because I'm almost out I
think 500,000 subscribers on this
channel and then almost a million
subscribers on the other channel so if
you guys want make sure you guys
subscribe to this channel I literally
upload every single day and I upload
like these days I've been uploading
every single day crazy crazy stuff
expect unexpected on this channel so
subscribe thumbs up thank you guys so
much for being on this journey and I
can't wait to see you guys on tour make
sure you guys get your tickets for the
Europe tour the link is down below than
that I'll see you guys tomorrow
I love you guys so much take care or
peace I like you
you
