what do you want
I missed you too except hey guys doing
it's too early for this it's way too
early for this do you run in my room
like this guys oh my god oh my god my
room is horrible right now you guys do
not wanna see what are you gonna finish
on me Rima
if you ever snitch on me ever
if you ever snitch on me you did that I
mean yes you did yeah
yes you did no yes you did okay Muhsin
hello cutie what's up little cutie come
over here come over here let me see
outfit hello let me see self look up
outfit outfit outfit of the day this is
my brother Darrin Wow looks nice guys
because then I know my son I always
dress him up and I and I try to like
pick him out you know what I'm saying
what's up look I don't know Diaz like
that which would be I was like the one
yesterday when he was wearing the the
bowtie and the suspenders or this one
this wasn't more swagged out Rima what
do you want choose something to your
hair do you wanna leave get away right
there we were doing we've you know here
you go get to leave
hey guys what's up this is Adam so
yesterday I asked you guys what do you
like seeing most in the daily vlogs and
most of you guys said is the little mini
pranks I do and hanging out at home and
just chilling with the family so today I
thought it was something cool I don't
know if it's gonna work or I don't know
how her reaction is gonna be but then
I'm gonna pretend that I've been like
attacked by a zombie or something like
that and we'll see how this goes let's
do this
I'm gonna just keep my hat like this I
think I pretty much look like I'm
disinfected or something and if you guys
do not know rema is so afraid of zombies
anything she watches that has zombies in
it she gets so afraid so I'm gonna
pretend I'm a zombie and that it bit me
and let's see how this go
I'm not sick
great sorry ma
just got Frank and when she kind of
reacted really weird
she's actually really nice for a zombie
I'm sorry remote they're scaring you but
I love you I'm gonna go take a shower
and I'm gonna be out hope you guys
enjoyed this really weird it's really
really do that interesting make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go turkey I'll
see you guys tomorrow
take care uh beets we must appease up
