hey guys what's up good morning well
actually good afternoon I had a really
long morning at the wake up so early I
had to go get a haircut I had to look at
a picture of MAS and what he's wearing
and then I had to go buy almost like
something similar to it I tried my best
but I think I think I think we pulled it
off I'll doing full of muslin do you
think we pulled it off don't give me
that face
hmm do you think I pulled it off do you
think yes yes I don't know you can hey
you see I'm just saying
okay okay Haden buttock you just get mad
with me cuz I didn't give nor eat money
but as you say eat no buttock to
everybody out there who celebrates Eid I
really hope you guys had a blessed
blessed day and you got spindle stop
talking when I'm talking I really hope
you guys had a blessed bus stay with you
this is crazy all right I really hope
you guys had a buzz buzz day with you
and your families I do not know what I'm
gonna do it's a donate but I'm gonna
visit some family and just have a chill
up so hope you guys enjoy this vlog and
have a chill out with me too
we are in Zara right now because someone
didn't do shopping so you do a shopping
on the day of eat right here look right
here he's legit shopping on a DV yo can
I see something serious yeah
for the fitting room was full so he's
gonna change over here in the corner
guys crazy way he's crazier what you
think about this hat versus it's a good
or not so big swing my head look small I
got a big head though I feel is good
that's okay
besides you say trust me look outside of
mine I mean that tight but it's good
that's one thing I think is good Rogers
get it all right
so you guys don't know he's my oldest
nephew Yousef he's been in videos
however like a couple years ago but he's
disappeared and he's come back and I'm
being his fashion stylist today I think
it looks good but nice and what a nice
black you know color I can come up this
way and then khakis with a nice black
shoes guys which thing think I did a
good job that's how I'm gonna do he's
gonna take all these off gonna get a new
one
what a new pants so you get know what
that's already used just drove it up so
I just met the homies looking in happy a
beer head am i from Bangladesh and they
got the coolest he's eating right now so
they got the cool heat up look at it
that looks sick but I look sick look is
he definite he's putting it on right now
like he got he's gonna put around in the
street right now public good thank you
so we're holding on support man you guys
look amazing
keep being fresh I take it
look at this dude cheated a little the
street well shade legume is he serious
so we're in Korea
like having to eat something right on
during the day because I got so East and
I'm eating her in the day I'm just
eating when it's none of the time right
now by the eat some pizza and have lunch
everything back and the food is here
I've missed this so much oh my gosh
that's ready though
like this
you know what it is
from being very posh
it was it was good my cousin Julie
everybody on throughout him what's up
dude I do man
I escaped from the house there's so many
ladies they're not the mind and the
practice of like that so I went out and
now I'm in Coney Island
it's like Where's Waldo I can't find my
family's I'm looking all over after my
surprise yeah man Rema Rema give up
what's everyone this up was good already
brown - hey Brad - nobody goes around
the wheel
last year one on it this year we got out
of the gutters do this
20 at 20 but unfortunately most
synthetic Omega is rather short up here
I'm here now rather go up 2015 we're
doing this together
okay
I'm so mad they didn't let me in Rima go
on the bumper cars kazuma's too small
and she's crying and even when she was
fired this elf said no so
Rema next year when you're taller okay
guess what I just found I just found
Kendall Jenner
we are here
chili Laconia I know have you seen a zoo
for so long what is it
I'm in vlogs
you get this guys cheering oh my god
you're gay yeah you sure he's so cute
man give me a hug
I got fireworks about to go off right
now so we're gonna see the fireworks go
on a little romantic know what I'm
saying
Oh
where is that boy
do it moving and to do it go
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you guys enjoyed this vlog if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey if you made it to the
end of this vlog over here make sure you
give it a thumbs up let me know the
comments below what did you guys do
today for it or what did you guys do
even if you don't celebrate either and
like that what you guys do today and let
me know in the comments below what do
you guys want to see more of in the
vlogs than daily vlogs like what do you
guys enjoy watching do enjoy watching me
with me with Rima or me going outside in
New York City me going on the Adam Sol
adventures me just staying home and just
don't ever do me doing those mini pranks
I don't know you let me know the
comments below and I'll do more of it
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
do me gang I love you guys so much take
care and peace hello
you
