hey guys what's up a do me gang hope
y'all are doing great right now I am
back stage of the Amsterdam venue and it
looks beautiful this is our whole
dressing room right here we had a two
hour drive from Brussels running through
the show let's do this
Amsterdam we're about to perform for you
guys and what I love about performing is
that we actually do something at perform
for you guys make you guys smile talk
with you guys interact you guys so it's
going to be a blast this is how we do
our backstage like when we run backstage
and like change up come out real fast
since in my atom machine yeah house are
opposing this is the saris are closing
shake with yours shakers in his oh he
got the his desi guy and his desi girl
and then we got ourselves here ourselves
here so shall all go well Amsterdam
Alice what I love you guys let's see how
this goes alright so this is not what I
can go to say no no it says true so I
see right there what can I come in
who are you I'm sure sorry I say I'm
with it okay go ahead go home oh yeah
now can I come in where are you doing
you what security what's wrong with you
4d CSI I can come in Kenny my home
kicks ari are you serious take you to be
like that what is my CI do that you
gonna do that get it off the rack of the
left back on the Left equal the right
which one you want my love the vendor
says I can throw left you go alright not
come from the fan like they're not
comfortable might decide no no no that's
my brother
that's not decide that's my good side no
no I won't come to that this isn't about
that it huh the backstage to the
backstage wanna say what's up we're here
beat up saying
Oh guys ready ready do it
teach me how to say how do you say I
love you wait for me captain
you
ah
Oh
every single one of you we're about to
go out awesome are firstly going to come
out a few minutes right is go to raising
amazing wizard crap we change it up
right now but you know it's the distance
between this and upstairs is so far oh
my gosh you have to wonder Chi I just
have to make it seem like we're changing
the 22nd but it takes me all shape is
easy
alright thanks me well it's going busy I
gotta change to Sarah Saleh right now
okay
shout out to my mom giving me all these
cool things
the show was amazing
everything was crazy the way you broke
it off deep amok
I'm sorry it was a Wawa show right now
with me agree so just change my outfit
so I have different pictures in the baby
I got back backstage and we are done
with the show it is amazing amazing time
you people from MCM Thank You Val so so
much I had an amazing time with you guys
people think is tattoos when I post
pictures but it's not tattoos we're
gonna have to the car but yeah
Robin shut up yeah good yeah same IC
yeah i'ma say I was trying to say imma
imma say it to you man that she taught
me are you from Holland because because
am students I yeah well you didn't is
normal hey explain what you did some
Dutch thing you know me
we're heading to UM back to the car and
probably the Hangout ever Stan for a
little bit and after that we're going to
go back to Brussels and the tomorrow is
Germany who shot us everybody came to
I'm I'm I didn't give away nothing in
this some in this show so I might give
this out outside when I got to the car
myself and it's kind of sweaty so I'm
sorry I work and the show was under me
but it smells bad I'm sorry hey what's
up cell phone hi how you doing you
helped us out suffer an emailing yeah
I'll start a show so thank you so much
for you know no one what's your name
yeah she has she my cousin is a cousin's
moroccan moroccan on every bus all right
oh hey buddy what's up what's up Sam
what do I want to say see something I'm
all done and Malik yeah we got food yeah
buddy
mashallah Villa I was hungry
and that's what I'm talking about my man
you the little really zero he is the
zero right there sugar and heavy be
sugar and there's more possible I we're
done with the food yeah I don't have it
bro no way more possible I don't have a
passport jokes aside was my boss for UK
yeah they gonna send me to better dish
he loves it he loves his passport we're
eating this turkey fryer i don't yeah he
thinks happen I saw all of y'all
I said well got it I don't have a
brother always hold on oh gosh who's
this tamale go check both in every rakah
smells sticky on the way but you ever
wanted sounded these to boil all the way
to what me
yeah I said one line I said what a lot
of us life one of eleven or shake this
out of way vivo bro yes we could guess
what your burger you get like your
jacket we do jacket boat simulator have
it seems like well I swear on my doors
left on her so almost advantage a cat
take a dragon it's not in my jacket now
check your pocket mo why you making me
check myself in a non moba all stop
fucking out on some
homey hey over here
he's Moroccan you see show me how to
speak some rocket Arabic and shake your
nostril just like repeating after it the
way they say is so funny
so what's the word you said it means
like your water come turn up yeah come
true that means I come turnover me how
you say it hey Syria I didn't say that I
didn't put a picture taken the dude
right let's say they speak from the past
so fuck it again hold on I didn't mean I
said I didn't he hey constipated no
seriously what's up I guys do it I
what's up how are you guys remember but
I do it what's up faster my how are you
you know what abbreviation of Amsterdam
is aa dog a dog Otto I stopped waiting
for shake for about 30 minutes in
Amsterdam and he hasn't even showed up
or anything it's like he's late in a
different country so once I see him I'm
pretend to like beat him up and let's
see what happened
Oh son so unlike you I know there will
knock you up huh don't like you out son
wrong journey huh so like yah huh take
this man take this work let's go come
over it we're gonna beat you up man
stupid math city gonna answer
emotionally I'm a security guy I'm Doug
food oh yeah oh yeah I'm joking I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm doing a joke YouTube
so means shake a walk around some more
we saw these three girls and then we
came up we had some pictures anything
like that that was so nice now all of a
sudden you wanted me take off my shirt
to give it to them and also Karnas cold
I can't so I gave it one my bracelets
feel like no no I want your shirt they
started literally forcing me to take off
my shirt no no guys here from YouTube
yeah maybe I do it again I just watch
these videos today I'm from Australia
which your OS awareness rally from
action secret or nice night I wanna go
there oh yeah oh yeah
then I'm here we just did a show here oh
yeah
romantic love reaction give a shout out
to anybody for Australian hey doing guys
Charlie I do you guys know guys would
stop me right then I ended up I ended up
like they didn't like go there I was
like I gotta go I gotta go
and then one of them accidentally like
punched my face with her phone and it
scratched
I don't know if you can see it shake and
then running away for safety reasons for
your safe to put up my savior purposes
ha safety purposes then after that I got
away and ran away and the shake I jumped
and then I let him go Emily you know
what I would I could help to do it
I was gonna be like but you know winter
came down the escalator at lost I got
heart then it's you oh yeah this is
about it are you from Amsterdam
we're from yeah we're gonna be where
it's big oh I'm looking for a wife let's
be single are you single
are you single looking for a wife
they're so happy here in Amster why why
you guys happy uh yeah why it is good
I'm gonna take it I Love You Man
love you too I'm gonna take her please
daebak hey so what's good Habibi
what's up that's it's a video oh yeah
yeah Adam I'm very happy I would hide
them for sale with home right no good I
got was time to wrap up this blog was an
amazing day today here in Amsterdam
tomorrow we're heading to d√ºsseldorf
Germany gonna see all my German homies
over there then after that Brussels and
then we're almost halfway through the
tour so hopefully all turns out great
and I haven't gotten any any sleep at
all like I literally got like two hours
sleep because of these two bug Ollie's
over here who snore in their sleep
ignore both you guys snoring this they
both them snore this sleep this is what
I hear oh and I'm just dead like oh my
gosh you're good watch well last night
didn't get 10,000 thumbs up so I didn't
do the prank but if this vlog gets
10,000 thumbs up I would try to pull the
craziest the Crick something crazy while
they're asleep snoring so you guys
decide on that give it a thumbs up and I
will make it make their sleep I make the
sleep of living hell know what I'm
saying little because they can't make me
sleep so so I'm have to just get them
back something with that so hopefully
all turns out great I'll see you guys
tomorrow
thank you so much followed up supporter
dummy gang take care peace I love you
yeah say something now yeah ain't got
nothing to say that's how you both look
like two Banali Pawn Stars
you
