hey guys what's up good morning hope you
guys are all doing great we're heading
to the studio to do a voiceover for the
documentary in Pakistan so it shouldn't
be another cool day so I'm here with the
homie Reza see what up it was good me
and Rose I got really close in the past
three days well not that close but I
mean not that kind of close that type of
sense yeah yeah just last night we got
in the cool like the cool cause it's a
really chill guy we're gonna head out of
the cars come when I had to do some
post-production and voiceovers on darken
on the documentary that we've done kind
of smug so yeah should go great I've
never did like a voice don't have to
speak like in something yeah just be a
little handheld Mike and I would be like
when I was going outside like that nice
and emotional like I go doctor burse I
cool should be cool so I'm excited for
that about to get interview ready for
the documentary I got the homie what's
your name Osama the homie Osama right
here
it's getting us miked up and I'm so
excited see how this goes it's really
nice questions thank you so much hey
somebody ready she's gonna interview me
and you ready for what rock n roll this
is the home writer how do you say name
again rock n roll how do you say your
name again your name
avi baffi oh yes how it is a fee I'm a
fee he's always happy I like that
mashallah from Texas you from Texas
can you can you do a Texas accent uh-huh
no no no yeah you got this
I hardly have a British accent do it
Texas and Percy how are y'all yeah I've
been to Texas Arlington Fort Worth yeah
whether you like it there oh love it
nice I love you the glasses look like
army officer glasses you got my shades
on in my expression on my left Anakin
now a new yard week you look special
really special two shades on right yeah
fee it looks cool on you looks real nice
any machine yeah I could just making a
whole my shades well do the interview so
thank you so much
we were in the elevator right now we
just had about
were to break we're about to go live
will not Adam Adam action yes I forgot I
forgot my little kulfi my little my shut
that so let me do it without gonna be
talking about oh I'm gonna be talking
about summer phobia and just got done
with the interview is an amazing amazing
time about to do another one right now
the phone calls so everybody can make
dua after if time waiting if that right
now I got a sambusa we're here what do
you call this i'ma some Lucy no no
sambusa similar exact so just like Adam
is no mother no he called me mother on
the show and I already scored matter
which in endo means what female female
no no he's gonna call me mother it's
Adam but it's all good so because I'm
eating right now so food food over every
time some guys I just met the homie I'm
saying right here sighing I was just
lying studio when he found out we're
building all that so he's here and we're
gonna give a shout out to anybody we'll
see what's up honest a shout to my
sister Bushra because you know she's had
two kids and she also had two kids and a
dime Leon his dad and my dad is up in a
business offering because he loves drama
because the
a few years ago yeah it's victaulic
shopping and shot my distant sister
because her life changed my life
thereafter kids I became a better
person off with our solutions and guess
our audience 14 14 years old much light
and he's so mature when I was 14 14
hours in the Train twerking the stuff so
makes you guys feel like this doing
martial are very very inspiring so thank
you so much
see how items being funny not cheap I'm
gonna I'm gonna be funny I'm tossing the
watermelon juice I love walking alone
today
thank you so much you hear your
watermelon some sweets this is the
mosque Masjid in Akron that's nice
what's up right now I am in Croydon and
just gonna mess with some people in the
public near our hotel and into your
question question are you smoking
cigarette what are some effects what's
been fasting
he was so sweet guys oh my god I have
three wives and I'm trying to get rid of
one oh who would you try to get your
wife
all of them are my wives try and get rid
I'm trying to get rid of you know three
them together these two near my
daughters after you have some shudder
here rid of them huh you can choose okay
no no you can't you can't take all three
you choose I'm really hoping I won't did
you thank you so much I appreciate that
I'm also looking for a husband what oh
my home where you say oh my fly we
obeyed a baby not a three wise one oh
you mean you want a husband for these
two hundred three wives it was me I
wanna go I hope you got the part why
should take one of your women Fiona how
are we with a husband
no no not I just look at her husband how
do you think
humanity got enough no we all did a high
romance this will be T
our power only one animal with a nothing
feel the power the how come all right
I'm just gonna know what's your name
Andre Andre Bosman our guys so we have a
couple hours of thought and hopefully we
have notes about loads of hours in they
found out what hotels in then I see them
was AI my review what's up and then we
decided to just vlog around and mess
with some stranger's he recorded and
it's not going going pretty alright
mommy daddy please stop arguing honey
Oh - mommy mommy why you called my mommy
what the mana mana the matter with you
baby I need you I do how little bit
white way you call someone tidy a mommy
I might be on it so tight on you do you
hear that is it you are falling over
here that's all for you okay okay you
want to see that you want to see this
one for me okay okay okay I seen this on
movie time
come on believe that deeply no no no no
no no no for me from your love you mum
oh wow okay you do know me in what's my
name
no I don't want that yes my name are you
know one okay thank you thank you thank
you you had to come back and out on
don't be outside okay love you so much
Molly
I love okay okay okay yeah okay okay
okay okay okay
it's a guy I love you miss alert he's
crazy
how does it feel seeing me vlog actually
it's so yeah my how's it feel different
huh it's just watching me judge
why yeah she's amazing he's crazy
actually think poison he wants to die
why how's it feel it feels so good let
me hold the black here but you should
hold it like that why I don't know
you guys we just got done here with the
show with my own costume this was our
third final show and he surprised me
with this outfit with this much mahat
this beer and to be going to omotte out
with him so oh my god that is a thank
you so much just I'm so so excited and I
shouldn't say thank you so much may
Allah reward you for everything that
you've been doing for the people all
around the world in kneeling and it's
just I'm so excited him and speak I'm so
speechless because I haven't like been
there so long and I want to want to go
back so that so I'm so excited to go on
especially with you because you
introduced me to many Imams and many
people and I'm gonna be so much fun with
us together so thank you Omaha I miss
you so much thank you my mom is gonna be
so happy Stacy Marty you didn't just
make me happy you made my mom so happy
she calls me every single day and she
tells me she watches and I'm like Agra
TV and you don't know how proud like you
made her so that means more to me than
it is well marshal and my message to her
in Kalama the pure child is excellent
child masha'Allah and you should be
proud of him and you will have a lot
more a lot more to be proud of him in
future in Chadha because he have great
potential and he will be doing a lot
more good insha'Allah and I'll be
assisting him in my
whatever inshallah we hope that I can
meet you sometime challenge Allah I can
take blessings from you Shama
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you all enjoyed this flag did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey I am so so happy the past week
has been like literally has changed my
life with a foundation and a mount
costume and everybody that was there
this experience has changed my life and
gave me a positive impact in my life and
it truly means the world and they
surprised me while we're doing the shows
the shows they surprised me so like it
was so surprising they came out of no
with the with the with the thobe and
then we shut them the thing under the
CUFI and I don't know where I come with
the Amida trip so I'm so excited I do
not know when I'm going to Amida but
they said just to say whenever um
whenever I'm free which is probably
going to be after the Europe tour so I
might be going after the Europe tour -
um right and I'm so excited to be going
there and it's just it's like I'm
speechless I'm gonna give a huge shout
out to my own custom for always being an
humble amazing guy for what he's doing
the stuff he's doing is seriously
amazing and there I've ran across people
you know like him like like I have a
beard and working for Imams and they've
they've they've put me down you know in
a way like they would talk to me in a
negative way and like say all my sins in
a negative way and just made me feel
really done that pushed me away but with
him he's got negative he's got he's got
negative comments from from me because
he's working with me being my friend and
he still didn't care he didn't care he
and that truly inspired me that
motivated me that brought me closer to
Dean uh brought me closer to Islam so I
just want to thank him for that and
thank you guys do me Hank for always
motivating me and making me a better
person I love you guys so much
I'll see you guys tomorrow it's like
3:00 a.m. and I'm so so tired I love you
guys thank you so much for all the love
and support you guys have been showing
if you went to this blog to the end make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey
I love you guys take care
case
you
