do the atom dance through the atom dance
through the atom dance hey guys what's
up this is Adam and welcome to and ask
Adam session I haven't done an ask Adam
for so long so I decided today to do an
ask Adam and to answer your questions
to interact with you guys talk with you
guys and have a fun video mm-hmm how
many nephews and nieces do you have in
total okay let me tell you the Adams
family tree my mom my dad they made love
they got three girls first then they got
three boys I'm the boy in the middle I
have a little brother and have an older
brother and have three older sisters
my oldest sister has three girls and two
boys my other sister has two girls and
one boy which is Hamza and Hailey and
another girl and my other sister has one
girl and one boy which is Dina and Jim
and Dina and Jim and they're brother and
sister my older brother who's only one
year older than me has Reema and Marcin
Rima and Marcin or brother sister Dina
German are brother and sister
reven must Indiana gym at our cousin's
hams inhaler or with another sister that
I have and they're all cousins but we're
really really close like we're literally
like they're so close to me I see them
like everyday so they're literally like
my sister's my brothers and sisters so
if anyone asks about our family they get
it wrong you guys can correct them if I
don't see it so that'll appreciate it
thank you so much when it comes to
romantic relationships are you the kind
of guy to get jealous yes I do seven
second challenge name five places you
want to visit in the future but I have
never ever visited before um
Turkey um um India Australia
um Japan and and and I'm South Africa
yeah but do the Nesquik challenge again
alright so I got some chocolate that's
quick the last time I did this challenge
was with Rima about two years ago and
yeah makes you look really really like
weird when you smile but yeah smilla
guys when I eat this a smile
it's gonna be your new profile picture
okay hmm yes huh helical chocolate huh
get hi guys how are you what's up yummy
gang oh my god doing it up he was doing
a dance
Topanga a tune um I don't really know
how to do bungalow but out I'll try not
really good hat I'm gonna oh I'm sorry
I'm good at Turkey no but was the last
picture you took with your phone um okay
let me see I really hope it's not
something stupid but yeah oh all right
so yeah it's a selfie that I was taken
during Eid and oh my god I think I took
a lot yeah ideally
I usually delete them like the rest but
yeah it was please yeah I took a lot oh
my god like the look did you have a job
before becoming a youtuber yes I was a
delivery boy I said deliver food all
around the neighborhood and I was the
fastest delivery boy probably in New
York City I still send eight deliveries
all over my hand like bags of milk bags
of like coughing everything eight
deliveries in about 15 20 minutes I was
and I was walking running I said walk
around never with a bike car a
motorcycle I used to walk and run I was
the fastest delivery boy and it was
pretty cool but I'm too loved everything
now I'm doing something that I really
enjoy doing more which is YouTube I love
doing YouTube videos vlogs I love
vlogging especially I don't know why I
think vlogging is like my passion I love
seeing other people smile and
brightening up your day so I enjoy that
I enjoy looking back at memories like
let's say three years ago I see Remo
when she's younger and it's an amazing
feeling seeing that are you scared of
turbulences when you fly anywhere yes I
am whenever I fly I am so scared of
turbulence if you guys went on over to
turbulence when the airplane has that
little that little bump and stuff like
that let me tell you guys a story yeah
have a lot of stories I'm sorry I talk a
lot but let me tell you guys a story
what happened to me once when I was
traveling to Canada had a flight about
an hour and a half flight to Toronto I'm
sleeping I'm here relax I'm sleeping and
I remember I told the lady I was like
can I get tea
so usually she brought me the boiling
water first and then I put up with the
teens at about I was sleeping right then
she was walking and then it was a really
big turbulence so like the cup flew out
and the whole boiling water came all
over my neck no went down like my thighs
while I was sleeping I'm not even joking
while I was sleeping I just woke up
screaming I woke up screaming so loud I
was like this like ah then the whole
flight attendants came next to me they
was so scared that I was gonna sue there
was something like that
but they just gave me like ice no
apologizing so much they ended up being
really cool I'm not the side we got it's
like you sued I'm gonna do something
like are like hey I'm making a complaint
I mean it's back sit happens what
language you do speak at home like with
your family and relatives
I speak our our Blish or Engler pick
this is how I talk with my mom and dad
Baba Yolanda little Park no mama song we
can use hella like Kelly :
act like hella he was eating it like
correct you know can hello hey whoa hey
what do you think about this with AK is
that you guys do the funniest edits I
don't know if you see it but yeah you
guys did a crazy CSS Thursday this so
funny they always wake by they Adam why
have you chosen to still be youtuber
after all the hate you have been getting
recently um I don't know I love doing
YouTube as I said and with hate everyone
gets hate you can't impress everybody
you can't make everyone smile but I
enjoy seeing even if I make one person
smile I enjoy seeing that everyone in
life gets hey but you have to just learn
to stay strong and continue on doing
what you love and just like ignore that
I learned it I probably learned it the
hard way because I won't do a lot of
hate and I so let it get to me but now I
just continue on and just do whatever
makes me happy do whatever makes me
smile so remember guys that do what you
love and do whatever makes you happy
when are you getting married oh I am
getting married in actually in a couple
of months now I'm joking I don't know I
don't
what I'm gonna get married but I
seriously have like my whole marriage
life planned ahead of me inshallah
hopefully it works out I want to get a
house like a really nice house first and
then a really nice car and then I want
to get like enough money to support my
wife and then yeah and then once I have
that and now I'll get married which is
probably when a couple years the best
age that I think to get married is
probably about 25 26 27 and then when I
get married then we're off to travel I
don't know like I always want to like my
marriage to travel the world I go to
Paris that's like one of the city of
love romantic then then yeah I sound
really cheesy but yeah that's when I'm
planning on getting married I don't know
why I can't just tell you oh yeah I'm
getting married in two months I'm
getting married here there no I want to
get married when I have a nice house in
a car and have enough money to support
my wife and yeah wrap for your fans now
oh okay yo yo yo yo yo do me gang you
guys go hard bank bank Skeet Skeet
I'm bout to hit you but eat some lemon
and some meat what my daddy I don't even
know what I'm saying but seriously I'm a
dummy gang I love you guys so much it's
time to wrap up this question and answer
I've asked I don't much want to say
thank you guys so much for participating
in this ask Adam I will be doing
probably another one I'll try to do like
one a month of these if you guys want
thumbs up if you guys enjoyed and want
to do more of questions and answers
think it's every single one of you for
always showing so much love so much
dedication it truly means the world sir
see you guys do not know how dedicated
and how how much work I always put in to
like everything like I enjoy I literally
enjoy gonna have fun doing it and seeing
you guys enjoy like the content I give
you guys truly means the world so thank
you guys so much literally from the
bottom my heart from the bottom of my
heart and my esophagus and my large
intestine a small intestine I love you
guys so much and before I in this video
I'm gonna announce the winner of the
giveaway all right so the winner of the
giveaway which was really hard to choose
and yeah this was the winner out another
one that I've seen the most she gave me
446 reasons
literally every single day she would
give me
multiple multiple reasons of why she
would win and seeing her soul dedicate
even the days when the giveaway was
dying out she was still there so holla
it's my team congratulations I'm gonna
DME right now and you're gonna tell me
your address and I'm gonna send you out
all the stuff and a nice letter just for
you thank you so much for them support
and everybody else who participated in
it I'm so sorry please don't hate me no
I'm gonna say your name and I'll give
you guys a huge shout out and tomorrow
or one of these days I'm gonna write
about 10 year names and a paper and
write you guys a cute message so for
that and the rest of you participated
please do not like make me feel like bad
it makes me feel bad like you hate me I
know it you hate my guts you ignore me
why parents like sometimes I do so much
work let's say I'm editing this and that
when I see it I'm like I'm not like
knowing you my purpose I'm literally
editing on filming or doing something to
give you guys could get a content to
make you guys smile so I love you guys
so much and let's give I'm gonna give
the shout out to the people who
participated in the game I want to give
a huge shout out to yasmeen a fan I made
some jazz J these are all the people on
Twitter who retweeted everything mashina
test name Shifa Naima Aisha je joue de
OMG Zion Salah Sophie militia Tam knee
annum Natalie Slayer pneumonia and
Elizabeth
Aisha sol Assad Hannah a war on Haiti -
eggy a la mattina
Duda Kovich Eskie beats five years of
One Direction silly goose Adam Salah fan
yeah Simon country have some the be shot
SMI Hernandez Adam Salah is they
ravenica bring cept the mochi our poetry
Anissa Bush Koran Mona I meant al-idrisi
forest koala mozi god Natali Cecilia
acid malic do me for Vania maja Nadeem
and Akram and to the rest thank you so
so much
it truly means the world and yeah I'm
ready to head off I am
being out to another country in a few
hours and the tour literally starts and
gotta keep you guys updated on Twitter
and what I'm doing each day when our the
country because I have like I'm
literally busy each day like one of the
days I'm going to be having appearance
to be a lounge the next day I'm going to
be out crawley
the next day after that it's like I'm
going to Belgium then Paris and it's
literally every day's like that so if
you guys around the area for if I'm not
come through have fun is chill out
summertime if you guys haven't got any
tickets for the tour tickets is down
below make sure you get it before it's
out I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care I love you guys so much peace
