hey guys what's up and Umi gang this is
Adam Saleh and I'm here at the new Adams
family house and I just want to say
happy holidays to everyone out there who
celebrates I hope you all have an
amazing time spread love spread peace
with your family hug them tell them you
love them and then prank them I'm just
joking but seriously it's like the
holiday spirit here and I really really
hope you guys are enjoying the holidays
I'm here with Hamza what's up with
Barbra Jean and my huh you guys we're
back with your cool even your peers
what do you mean backwards this is the
style I like it like this I don't mind
it guys look my hoodies backwards and my
pants and Mawson look III what are you
doing
doobie gank the man happens that
sleeping over my house for a few days is
gonna be here if you look cuz I'm here
because this house is in my nephews it
was also here sleeping over he's
upstairs taking a shower we're about to
go outside and fly the drone because you
know what and the atom solid blocks I
want to give you guys some lit lit
scenarios guys is so freezing New York
City look the wind blew down the freakin
door for this little mini house that we
have but we put trash inside so humza
bones that we put garbage inside here so
we also do me getting if you guys do not
know I love love basketballs for
watching right now calves in the
Warriors and we going for the warrior
you know it's a close game a three-point
game oh my god oh let's go do it
we got the man you said solid over here
what's up man how you doing chilly bajji
man I'm gonna call him the drone master
let me see the drama hi guys you got a
sick sick drone sparta DJI spark it's
not a plane this is a drone
no it's a drone yeah Jon the guys they
got small letters but this thing goes up
thousands of feet in the sky do your
magic man I don't know
to do it add a lot of fly drones
I quit flying drones but let's um let's
gonna do it and we'll be back so you
guys go to park yeah go go alright guys
so I don't really know the rules for
drones but they have some serious
serious rules you can't fly like near
houses and stuff I know the rules no you
know the rules use if you don't know no
rules man you gonna get us in trouble
the FBI is gonna come and fly them and
get in trouble for no reason I always
have bad luck brand so please just don't
get me in trouble when we fly this drone
alright jump I did a jump do that jump
hey jump line oh boy a knock come on
legs in let go like you why don't do
this dumb stuff man I'm gonna do for the
vlogs man I'm so weird man if you're
ever flying drones and your kids do not
do that go really really far away it's
not safe are you cold
come inside come tell me are you better
now yes
sure what are you doing man
are you good be careful you know Buster
but I'm telling you if you or how does
it because I'm up his do it man is crazy
man another back with our parent what do
mean to following me everywhere I go
boy I want to do that house I wouldn't I
wouldn't man I wouldn't all right guys
you guys ready is about the play
oh wow
that's us yeah oh wow
Wow
this thing looks like a UFO man this
thing is so high up
Yussef what what's going on it was
shaking cuz it's too windy oh my god
news
bring your bags oh it's coming on its
own
dumi gank we have to head home now my
mom's going crazy for the kid she's like
bring him home it's cold outside so we
have to head back come on let's go you
okay
you sure let's go guys it's cold come
Adam you look like a monkey bro
like lady yeah oh you just look like a
monkey cause everything is covered in it
do me gang if you guys do not know
yesterday happens that he pranked me
telling me that he lost his virginity
you invite her to who I was supposed to
be pranking say a few serves little
brother yesterday but then Hamza ended
up getting me thinking he's an OG I
don't know what he's talking about but
adieu Mia Hamm's that just started
something he can't finish I'm not even
gonna continue the prank on say off
today I'm gonna get Hamza back I mean
obviously throughout the day I was
expecting me to prank him but he doesn't
know is that mean Yousef we're gonna get
him while he's asleep
so the menus have got some smoke balls
we're only gonna be using the white ones
the good thing is Hamza is used to
sleeping early because he has to wake up
early for school so since he's sleeping
over my house he's gonna sleep really
early me and you said it'd just have to
be patient and just wait and chill when
he goes to sleep
knocked out asleep mean Youssef we're
gonna light this up and we're gonna
pretend that the house is set on fire
Frank why don't we do something it's
really risky because if the alarm goes
off firefighters might come so I have to
disarm my fire thing even smoke kill I
didn't know what I got to do I just want
to get home sit back cuz I told you guys
he started something that he can't
finish and the prank master Adam your
prank master come on what do you mean
I'm a prank master I'm the paint best
bhai you got it now for now so do me
anger for we start this aren't you guys
to subscribe to me subscribe button
somewhere it takes like five seconds I
upload every single day and I want you
guys to stay updated with the lip videos
that I do every single day for you guys
and don't forget to thumbs up it is
prank we can do me a thumbs up let's try
to get fifty thousand thumbs up now
we're gonna go downstairs and just chill
and wait until the kids go to sleep
ready let's do it miss the other girls
come on do me gang Hamzah's downstairs
right now in the secret floor we told
them we're gonna go there right now but
we want to tell you guys this is what
I'm gonna do so how is that he's gonna
be sleeping inside this room I wasn't
gonna be knocked out in this room right
here we're gonna put the smoke ball here
and then meanie we're gonna be screaming
there we're gonna say don't come because
the fire is in the middle it's better to
do that so we can keep them trapped
inside the room and
we're gonna get let's go to the secret
floor guys I'm gonna show you guys
dancers just know sneak people good
though yeah look sober yeah do me again
so I got pretty much most of the stuff
here the furniture the TV the dance
everything they're gonna come in in a
few days and then I believe by January
1st 2018 I'm gonna reveal my whole place
to you guys it's gonna be so dope I
cannot wait it's letting me are you know
people are gonna see below me yeah yeah
damn man a lot of Adam's family like my
friends everyone gonna be sleeping over
my crib man it's all good we're gonna
turn up here and record for you guys
stream for you guys give you guys
amazing content amazing editing but I
just want to work hard for you guys 2018
I want to work even harder for you guys
do me gang I hope you guys are ready
thumbs up you guys excited
that was epic to be yeah hi guys do me
gang it is 11 p.m. right now I didn't
know till now that I'm sleeping with
Hamza in the same bed so I thought of a
genies idea while I'm sleeping with him
Yusef he has another vlog camera boom
right there right he's gonna be
recording his whole point of view and
I'm gonna set up this camera in the room
Hamza is completely knocked out right
now Hamza I feel bad for you but at same
time I don't because you're trying to
say you're an OG don't ever mess with
your uncle Adam norm see don't ever miss
Leymah Gbowee me don't ever Mayne start
something you can't finish that soon all
right man all right Hamza
biggest prank of the year man bigger
than the other ones happen again you
just you were ready let's do it boy yeah
I'm cuz right there dami s'mores man
attack
alright guys they're sleeping right now
I got this over here
oh my god I told you got me there don't
start something business I feel so bad
I'm feeling so bad vanity talk you're so
good you know
thumbs up how done with hazard
huh hums I feel bad babban sorry what do
you think she'll work Peters pan this
end of the year has been wild man
seriously I feel so bad thumbs up
perhaps of it do me game that was
hilarious this is like 30 minutes later
and the smoke is still smelling now I
got a deal with my mom and dad going
crazy oh yeah me like yeah I'm making
one why are you doing that seriously she
always bugs out when I do my crazy of
crazy pranks but I do me yang I'd do it
for you guys so I really hope you guys
enjoyed it I really hope you guys are
enjoying prank week I still got say you
have to go and I still got a couple more
that I need to try to pull off I don't
know if I can do it I don't know if I
can but worth the try to do me gang I am
ending this vlog here real talks with
Adam
another real talk with Adam you guys who
stay and watch the whole vlog and even
watch till the end you guys already know
there's always gonna be something you
know something important something big
something crazy to announce so as I was
telling you guys yesterday there's an
announcement that Maus and Rima doing
January sick and it's gonna be mad
because how the heck do you guys know
everything do me gang you guys know
literally everything I'm not even
telling you guys anymore that I'm making
an announcement I'm not confirming
anything that you guys are guessing
about the announcements I'm just gonna
stay quiet you guys can say whatever you
guys want I'm gonna wait some us and
Rima they're gonna say it January 6
other than that I'm wrapping up the vlog
here do me a if you guys enjoyed it
thumbs up makes you guys go follow me on
twitter OMG adam salad so much stuff is
going on you guys will understand I
believe after they announced me of my
sin and Rima we'll see how it goes I'm
not saying do me I love you guys so much
thick I love you guys
I know that you've been patiently
waiting but I've been just down the road
thought I'd just let you know so when
you hear me pulling up outside just know
what's been
