hey guys what's up a do me gang I am
heading to the beach it is a nice sunny
beautiful day here in New York City and
I haven't been to the beach this year so
I'm gonna go here I did not bring shoes
I don't know why I was too lazy to find
my slippers or even got shoes and that
was the wrong decision my feet are
burning walking right now it's so hot
you guys do not understand boma let's
don't shader nothing ah oh my gosh I got
a long poem
let's go so much fun why is it sink like
quicksand
guys I know if you guys could see it but
this is what happens I don't know if you
can see it look I oh my god
looks like a cat scratched me or
something like I would get from that hey
guys what's up this is Adam and today
I'll be pulling a prank
anja man to ask you guys on Twitter if
you guys want me to make this prank week
and to be frank in the Adams family one
by one
during this week because I'm gonna be
away the week after for the Europe tour
and all of you were saying yes so I
decided that I'm gonna be pranking I'm
gonna try to prank from little to oldest
I'm gonna try my best cuz it's so hard
to paint young ones and people in my
house when they see the crazy stuff that
I'm doing i'ma try my best to do it for
you guys yesterday I prank Tremont today
I'm getting prank in jamak I have
Nutella on me and I'm gonna be
pretending that I pooped and I'm gonna
put it on Japan and he gets really angry
with stuff like this so this should be
fun let's see how this goes Oh
come on come on come on so I'll talk to
you about something
there why are you hitting other students
other girls you're not supposed to hit
girls tell me why cuz they bother you so
you can hit girls don't hit girls okay
yeah what what do you want $50 feed me I
didn't give you what eat the money's for
girls okay are you going on who gave you
the wallet
what you gonna wallet $2 are you gonna
give that to what are you gonna spend it
on my girlfriend Zara huh she already
has what what was it even when you gave
her oh you gave her one you ready ooh
what you giving up
what you give her I think only $10 do
you give it to those mommy you but see
supposed to be good with the girls don't
hit them okay
promise promise I gonna hit them see if
moms
M asam occurs
in the bathroom yeah look that we gonna
tell ah I don't know that III
tough-looking look that way
stop looking I'm wiping yeah not you
loser huh coming coming
Oh oh my gosh smell it oh oh oh honey
wallet honey dollar
stop stop stop stop
what are you doing we're just kind of I
didn't mean to do it
I didn't mean to push by accident I
didn't mean to do it
oh sorry what's up what's up oh come on
you guys if she's broke we'll just shut
up let's go back no not the girl you hit
okay on my face for what cuz on my face
that's cuz you're gonna face
ah ah
won't you sit down sit um see just cut
our just better that's it huh huh okay
look I'm your uncle stop hittin me
head-on you could you had a face that's
one that's what you got this we go this
a lot that's it that's it that's it
that's it that's it let's go let's go
what
this is a funny video
Robin any of you gonna call the police
don't know Colleen says it what's wrong
with you
relax look we're gonna call wait why
good because why arrest it so I can get
us in what are you gonna tell the police
huh me really nigga let me just shut up
ya think it's the villa look I hate it
what thing is that chocolate yes uh yeah
okay I guess it's just I'm just joking
with you I'm joking with you chocolate
does that really sit yeah Happy's right
hello
do you see her face have a new command I
got pink hi guys it's time to wrap up
this prank I don't know who's my next
victim of the atom sure yeah I'm sure
yeah okay we'll see who's gonna be my
next victim just expect the unexpected
you're okay sure all right a face happy
Alice and I'll see you guys tomorrow
thumbs up for more prank wars and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
take care I guess my back piece hey man
I'll owe you
you
