since its 500 crazy mother hey guys
what's up good morning from London we
are heading to the studio I wish to do
if it's a queer studios to do a TV
interview before we visit their own
hangar refugees I'm so so excited I only
got two hours of sleep I'm still so
excited I'm just so anxious and excited
to take you guys on this journey I like
meeting native Dean shoutout to your
native D but I'm sorry about the crack
what was your wake of them let them
sleep I'm now at the studio here I'm so
excited just waiting for the interviewer
and I should be ready miked up and ready
to go I don't know where I'm being
interviewed at it looks really sick over
looks like an Arab tradition or some
like that I think probably I don't even
know his interview gonna be here yeah
nice looks like they're gonna be any
coffee or drinks do you want some wine
and I'm joking Oh faster
yeah looks so crazy cuz just a lot into
it Monte's mystic Alva I do me Yankee
see me
buzu me thumbs up if you see me look
right there
I got it Tork great my interview starts
in about ten minutes and I'm already
soaked their scenes only 9:00 a.m. so my
first time fasting in the UK and what
time is mine up here what time do
breakfast here 1934 924 old New York who
break it like eight 2824 yeah so it's
yeah 19 hours long
whoa yeah you guys the fudge it here was
like 2 o'clock when I was eating so hood
boys run one spike yeah when something
was close to 2 o'clock yeah yeah and New
York is like almost four o'clock and so
eating so light
so how do you do letting it easy to be
honest before I see like each other for
the moment and also getting to the
question do you use a nice table don't
we move this image or diffuse you're
kind of pathological quizzes it's going
to me so maybe look like that cool maybe
like the TV show or do that we didn't
move in American show yet yes yes so I
just got done with the interview and I
prank I'm gonna tell you how you feel
now I'm still like let's do it my
feelings activity I prayed that out I
just all of a sudden just got like a I
got a heart attack or something and she
produces the Michael worried sure that
the comedy well she did an amazing job
and she was amazing the whole team I was
amazing so steady goddamn hi thank you
guys so much good doing a promo right
now so this is reality that's really
face alright so I'm gonna be
interviewing people about our hinga and
we're gonna see how this goes
and it's pretty hard time in this area I
don't know where I'm at and I got to see
if people are gonna like want to ask
excuse me would you like to ask a
question see that Gumby nobody likes to
talk to me nobody wants to talk to me
what's wrong with this yeah got such
crazy people I want to fight everybody
in here
excuse me can I ask you a question I'm
from New York and
see thank you so much getting it out
yeah big hug buddy can I get a hug yes
can you get me kissing that thank you
thank you so much thank you so much
Craig I love you man I love your turn
digger hey I do man Mike - I'm good
right yeah watch your videos oh I do
yeah you don't like it is good oh nice
for me
yeah not sure to tell you something it
was like seeing mama
not for you here can I feel it oh it
smells crazy you got sick here
I'm saying I'm saying I'm against you
away from what you think I'm from yeah
now you know like from York City my
heart what I'm saying let's take your
mommy I'm gonna give me a hug bye now
boo fight now give me a hug right now
huh already you have to give me a hug
when I was been fighting ball
give me a hug right now mascot oh yeah
Miami I'm fast in boats I don't know
where I promise I don't know wishes
I don't know who so I so found her she
watches watching rushing like you do I
should watch the bus or a stroke a free
home oh well hope you hope you get some
success today I hope you got some vacuum
and so for Ringo I need it thank you so
much oh yes for that I don't
what would you think Ranga is I'm
assuming because it allows Muslim girls
around you ever to do this love I figure
well no but I you can look good so you
used to be Muslim yeah so happening
that's not for camera John that's a long
conversation learning station yeah I
will talk after this you don't want to
say you're sorry about that I'll be
interesting I mean cause it was on my
lunch hour lucky for him would be
interesting to know I just I was born
Muslim went to Arab explained everything
not very long time my like it did then
at one point so I moved back to Latin
huh yeah and I started doing research
from my own yeah I one thing one thing I
came to understand is that majority of
Muslims are only Muslim because that's
what they know they're born into it now
we know a lot no no I mean the gender of
like that you're born into the religion
yeah so you kind of your your method of
learning is always going to be happy
Islam as a superior yeah but we also
learn like we can read the Bible I
didn't like that too yes that but I felt
like it was limited in terms of the
information I knew about other images I
went to research it myself I want to
know who God was and why people need the
world and one day so eventually I tend
to good standing yeah ultimately I felt
that I respect that you know I said I
don't know I just fucked I was being the
seems more like something to see yes
what everybody
you're probably because it's Tom is more
like peaceful you never get you see in
Islam but I respect you and everything
you five around the wrong people there's
some Muslims who they don't represent
Islam hear me and let's say friends is
Isis in or presents non-personal and
there's some Muslims around who do crazy
stuff like me I'm Muslim banner of Islam
Islam itself it's it's represented by
such a religion so don't feel that way
and I thank them but you do ever want to
talk anything that you know hi guys I'm
going to be wrapping up the vlog here
because we had a whole huge meeting with
our risks that's been going on the place
that we're going to Angelo all works out
and it's not risky for us to not like
not get like killed or anything like
that and we'll be safe and we'll be
going to the spot I will let you guys on
we'll give you guys a shout outs the
people did some people did get it right
no but you guys know when I'm so excited
see how this goes it's a visit though
don't hink of refugees and we had a huge
meeting huge videos huge interviews TV
interviews and everything that they
won't roll away
they're really one for triggering I
don't know I don't know sometimes I feel
like I'm nervous and the stuff that
we're doing is just like literally on it
we always pushes me to get into and I
always get on it like that like thank
you this morning we really well I mean
yeah it's a great message this morning
I'm praying thing that comes on today
today six me today we need to watch this
today it should be up that should be off
for six more appropriate every word you
guys will see I wanna say about Frank
the interview but you know our way right
now to if not and it's like probably
like 30 40 minutes this has been the
hardest the hardest fasting day for me I
don't know if it's probably cuz I'm
Jellico if it's just London this long
day I don't know how you do it but you
were back nauseous I don't know if you
feel at the same way but its jr.
everyone was saying that oh yeah it must
be easy is your bank that she did it
quicker it is it felt like seven o'clock
so and you're as easy above ears don't
you dehydrate more of it you see here
because only because in Essex is really
hot but for example today it wasn't at
home today was half bro
now thing is on today we woke up we woke
up around probably like 7 a.m. and we've
been up the whole time so like you're
getting on but this is all good I'm glad
we still and the day was like having the
water having a meal but it's just like
really hard going like this is probably
the hardest is really think years ago
usually New York I'm just knocked out
and I just wake up really I'm night went
ahead they're my batteries literally
about to die
and then we're gonna work on a new
project cello all goes well I'm so
excited to be even releasing heat is
here it's now after setting eat is here
is out on iTunes make sure you guys go
get it make a video with the side that
says eat is here in your city and if you
want to be in the music video it'll be
out Monday the music video and the
tracks tears tomorrow's another day the
charity song will be out soon we'll keep
you guys updated with that we've gotta
get your entries in if you want to feel
for you if you do it is it yeah if you
want to be in the easy chair video
you've got to get your
too late where if I think before Monday
be extinct Friday is the last that you
can do and I even gave a shout out they
asked me we wanna give a shout-out to in
the song and I was like shout out to do
me here because I decided like you know
I never give a shit I do give you a
shout-out subak I started giving a
shout-out in that track so hopefully
everything goes well even when I can't
vlog he gets the camera and vlogs me so
a lot of stuff he always picks up the
camera and like vlogs of RAM shows
around so he always helps a lot even
though a lot of people they tend to like
talk crap but everybody gets that it's
all good what do you want to say about
the people that talk crap I didn't like
that I'm getting involved yeah it's just
you know a lot of people have so I was
always like the evening tonight live
vegan activity whatever but Michelle
leptin is always the best
always good intentions with everybody
and that's all that it is
so you're on that we're gonna let you
guys deliver the batteries show and like
it's gonna die but I'm surprising the
die because we're talking so much boss
to you guys soon thank you so much for
the love and support take care wrap the
vlog take care baby so Turkey thumbs up
subscribe and we'll see you guys maybe
and the new country or city you're gonna
be at see how it goes and peace
blue
you
