hey guys what's up I just landed here in
London and the homies Hamza and Cameron
thank you guys so much for picking me up
I am ready like because it looks really
cool I've never seen anything cool like
this without faith foundation Cameron
it's super hot it's really really hot in
human I've never felt at this hot and in
London but it's nice to see that it's
hot and not cold when I usually come
here I was like freezing or cold enough
to put on the coat I'm about to go on
the hotel right now now that gave you
guys a hotel room tour and give you guys
updates and everything else happening
literally today in the next few days
because there's a lot of big crazy
things happening in a cello all goes
well and before I start I should let you
guys know that I am NOT fasting because
of the time difference of traveling like
I was going too fast but then I at the
airport at 12 a.m. New York City time
which was like 5:00 a.m. London time so
I was couldn't fast because I pretty
much broke my fast and aeroplanes but
I'm have to make that deal whoop looks
nice Hey I'm loving it oh the bed is
huge this could fit the whole One
Direction in you hello guys yeah sofa
table I'm about to put up the vlog right
now the first thing I do when I'm in the
hotel is check for a Wi-Fi right now I'm
uploading the vlog I so I'm in London
right now for a day or two because we're
gonna have a little meeting and we're
going to start this kind of like this TV
programme thing where I'm going to raise
awareness we're all going to raise
awareness together and I was supposed to
be going to either Bangladesh Pakistan
Malaysia Indonesia or I believe Thailand
so one of these places I do not even
know which one I'm going to yet let me
know in the comments below if you're
going to choose out of those five places
what places would you want me to go
they're gonna have like their whole TV
crew and they want to film the TV
programs and I'm gonna film my side of
the vlog and everything I'm gonna take
you guys on this whole journey so each
other all goes great and I'm really
thirsty but I'm not gonna drink when you
guys cuz I almost you guys are probably
fasting hey lighting is on point
Hey
we're going to airport to pick up Naz
and it feels weird because he lives here
and we're gonna go pick him up
it is like in his hometown so it's weird
at mine from here in New York I'm coming
to like Heathrow to pick him up when I'm
nice we're so yeah what do you do it
look good it was good either about to go
get our picture taken cut the place
we're going to involves a visa and you
need to take pictures and we're
literally like last minute leaving like
probably in a few hours today or
tomorrow or as soon as possible
I some pretend to take something
run
they'll record
yeah
Oh Makeba
can I keep it
up
so sweet so keep it yes our this message
it way from boxers backside nice I might
be going there I'm from New York Yemen
okay what's your name
I sort of know what you tell me why
you're not fat
why you're not fasting
what
yes yes just like so we pass evicted but
we're having a big meeting right now and
I decided just to film to see how
beating goes
you
I pretty much done
you got some visas ready I don't know
where you're going
you guys gotta guess what I'm going and
yeah we got the whole like diary what
I'm gonna do and I'm so so excited I'm
ready hope you already and this is just
something that means so much to me and
I'm ready to do this I'm just it's we
have to sound like risk they need but no
matter
you got a risk sometimes some some
things in life to be every time we find
Charlotte I am back here now I'm gonna
be here for about a day or two believe
in tomorrow or after tomorrow don't know
where yet well actually I do know and I
can't say it until I land there but you
guys can guess time below where it is
what you think I'm going guest on blow
it's super exciting I'm so excited for
this so hopefully it all goes well I
just uploaded a vlog and well up of like
I don't know why but I always see this
ad of like on the side that says single
Muslim calm which is so it's where I'm
not promoting her this is not a brand
thingie single Muslim doctor I'm not
promoting it or trying to like bring it
out or anything I don't want to try this
out actually just for the vlog just cuz
I had a long meeting and I had didn't
have much to I'm just gonna try it
myself and I'm a look for our wife right
there see it looking for I'm gonna stay
female from 18 to 25 years old with a
photo should I say you care us I'm say
us and stuff from the United States and
I'm gonna search and I searched it on
the site was fake I'm actually gonna try
to find someone to try to see if it's
real none let's see if they reply and
I'll let you guys know in a couple days
ahead what they say or anything this is
gonna be so weird okay I found what's
your name Oh Jeb but she is online now
she's 24
she's from Pennsylvania okay Oh Jeb it
okay I'm looking for you girl
oh she's bachelor's degree imma send her
a message I just sent this girl named Oh
Jeb in a message and I was like hey girl
what's up how are you and she replies
imma let you guys know in a few days I
don't know but let's see how it goes
I'll see you later
I never
are like I've always I've always been
curious with these sites I mean you know
what I'm gonna try and tell you I always
see it like in the ads I don't know why
shows up do they know I'm Muslim or
something like on YouTube but it's just
really weird that I always shows up
single Muslim and it just it's so weird
I don't have find it's over this is
crazy this thing is like it's coming
from the nearest mosque so don't tell
away you can hear everything that's
saying done everything from the nearest
mosque they need something like this in
New York City so you can hear your
nearest mosque doing that it's pretty
cool all right guys it's time to wrap up
this vlog hope you guys all enjoy this
flag if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey I'm so sorry
that it's a short vlog if you guys still
do show support social love to short
vlogs even when I can't blog because I
literally landed and I'm so jet-lagged
that was like five hours birthday in
London and we got a lot of stuff done
and imma let you guys know what's going
to happen tomorrow
tomorrow I'm gonna start off the day
with a TV interview I'm gonna bring you
guys through it then after the TV
interview I'm going to be doing the
social experiment after the social
experiment I am unarmed after by know
I'm getting to do something and it's
going to be adventurous and I'ma take
guys at an adventure I'm going to one of
these places and it's confirmed I'm
visiting that all hinga camps and I'm so
so excited because this it doesn't get
much attention and the media out of like
that so I'm so happy and I'm pleased to
actually you know raise awareness on it
and bring it on YouTube and make YouTube
my media so so I have these places and
you guys let me know in the comments
below what you think which place do you
think I'm gonna go I already know which
place it is but I can't say it which I
you guys let me know waiting Bangladesh
India Pakistan Nepal Indonesia
out of these five you guess in the
comments below whoever gets right I'll
give you a shout out tomorrow's vlog and
I'll give you cookies when I see you so
and that then you guys so much all the
moments apart even if it's short vlogs I
love you guys so much adieu me gang and
I can't wait to bring guys I miss
journey for the next two weeks take care
our pics
hello
you
