hey guys what's up good morning Adam
hope you all are doing great
I am leaving London in about two three
hours and I'm headed back to New York
City spent a family then I'll be back
next week for the year of tour we're
going to be in Paris Brussels Amsterdam
Germany Sweden London Manchester
Marrakesh yeah we just drew marrakech
because a lot we got a lot of around
like a pole like a voting thingy so we
added America into it so I'm so excited
for that if you guys haven't gotten your
tickets make sure you guys get your
tickets down below we're running a bit
late to the airport but hopefully we'll
make it with Nas driving we're
definitely gonna make an Ozzy already
involved
watch this guys ready set be sure to
crazy dread alright be safe though I'm
trying I'm trying to get I'm trying to
get home you know on eat safe but I'm
ready
what are you doing you crazy psycho
you guys I'm off to New York for eat to
see the family he's gonna be off you
might go to we going up to quite if it
was flat burn wish he might go to
Bangladesh to see his family for two
days today literally today I don't know
where but I'll see him after one week I
say thank you so much nice for just
helping me out and just motivating me
and just run it's not just me skirt it's
not a lot of heat you know so I just
landed in New York City and guess what
my dad is not even here he thought I was
coming 8:00 p.m. no he thought I was
coming 8:00 a.m. I told him coming 8:00
p.m. it's all good no because I got the
homies joseline say what up and
Stephanie say hi and yeah we're just
chilling here I'm uploading the vlog I'm
trying to upload it it's like 9
something p.m. this is how this is how
upload a vlog to 23 minutes so they're
seeing me upload vlog and I'm having
talking with them chillin we're talking
some you know about some do me personal
business about what goes on in the
fandom and it's just so crazy sometimes
but it's cool Felicia everything goes
well what do you know tell me what else
do you know about what they like there's
some stuff that I don't even know that
that's that's however wait they're like
how you know people say what I'll never
notice them no don't say that
I will I promise I'll notice them what
do you know huh what do you know
sometimes they know like more stuff that
I even though that's I'm trying to like
I'm trying to get it out of them like
what what else come on
somebody seem to do me good
you gotta talk to that mom Oh Kevin
don't show me what I'd be anything it's
a lot as one surprise why it's not my
birthday
what is it for um when you but they're
coming for your birthday coming yeah
so you knew Chicago show me what is it
you oh my god oh my god is this amazing
me mom this is amazing my room will
never be a mess again what what we want
I have it to my car by a rainbow he
ended by me Randall bed yeah I am back
home and I'd literally just got that car
something of lag and I'm here with she
surprised me with these cool stuff like
my old cabinet because my room is always
a mess what else you came here I just
say thank you so much I love you so much
for you thank you so much it gave me a
new baby I threw in my car bed you can't
do that remember I miss my carpet that
was that was me that explains me that's
me Muhsin I think mustn't miss me more
than reelin he came he's a morning to me
come come come yes I like you you like
me I don't like you Rima why I don't
like you I love you I love you Rima I
love you more
Adam yes I'll be a little bit key good
fasten really yeah what about you what
you won't give me come on let's go
standing do you learn how to walk what's
up with Chivo
stand up stand up Domo Domo stand up yes
good job good job good good hold hold
hold it hold it
oh I love looks now it looks ah I miss
so much I miss you more even yes thank
you guys do not know how much I miss my
family so so much look at this kid look
is good they grow up every time I come
they grow up more and more and just get
so crazy just here what's up my daddy
right Hey look here just gonna snap shit
on me Cajun what's not cannot believe
yeah he's gonna cry you misses me you
miss me hey mister look how much he
misses little misery my here's some
comments that I really really liked it
said Eden but I can have fun with your
family another one by Patricia was sorry
I'm not a pronounce your name but said
we must so cute she made me smile you
have such a nice family I love your
vlogs like I sit in Italy for the whole
day watching them you're such a nice
person I like the way you help people
and make them smile I love you bro
thank you so much that was so so sweet
and many more but you're invited
concerns but I guess was time to wrap up
this vlog I'm so sorry this vlog is kind
of short but I'm gonna
with a short long message in the end to
tell you guys a huge thank you a huge
appreciation message to every single one
you've shown so much love throughout the
Daily Double on blogs throughout the
vlogs before the Milan throttle vlogs
are gonna be a phenomenon throughout the
vlogs right now during 8 I just wanna
say thank you to every single one of you
for showing so much love I really hope
you guys did enjoy watching the Ramadan
vlogs because Romina blogs are always
like you know like a connection going
through so it passed by so so fast was
literally like a blink of an eye like
like right now
Ramadan is done it's done don't you guys
remember when I started day one now it's
like it's done but everything good
always ends but the way they'll be a new
chapter no great chapter chawla so if
you guys did enjoy the Ramadan vlogs or
if it didn't make you smile something
like that makes you give this vlog a
thumbs up and go Turkey right now it is
about about 2 3 a.m. I landed about 10
p.m. I have no clothes no new clothes
for Eid I still look like I'm a normal
on I need it I need to freshen up and
get some eat clothes tomorrow morning
will be the first thing I'll get some
clothes I'm trying to be twins with
Marcin
i'ma see if I can work that out if not I
don't know but I just want to give a
huge huge huge a robotic to every single
one of you do me gang thank you so much
a dramatic hope you guys enjoy with the
family spread smiles positivity thank
you guys so much once again leave a
comment below say Eid Mubarak and the
country you're from our city like I said
in robotic from Belgium even biotic from
Paris and I'm saying anybody from New
York City from the animal family to
every single one of you guys thank you
guys so much enjoy eat I'll see you guys
tomorrow yeah we're gonna get a haircut
too and I'm gonna look like a try now to
look like a Myrmidon I missed I missed
probably six days six days of normal
that I need to make up and I don't know
when I'm gonna make up but I will make
them make them up thank you so much to
everybody has helped me through what
I've been doing this past whole month
I've been doing so much that I've that
I've always want to do my life always
wanted to do so much stuff that I've
been doing in Africa and Pakistan I have
many many more to come for you guys in
the future many more surprises
so inshallah all works out thanks to
everybody who donated thanks to
everybody who just like
who even you didn't have two thumbs up
you even have to comment to show love
for watching the quiet people who are
quiet and show a lot of love and support
if you're quiet if you're quiet do me
make sure you guys comment below let me
know if you're quiet do I need to know
your names you know I can't just to mark
you guys that's quiet people you guys so
much I love you guys I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care peace this is
probably my new spot to end the vlog
because Morrow has changed hope you guys
like it it's Reema's this is Remos
decision and everything so blame Reba I
love you guys take care and peace I was
saying I'm I am gonna add this is frill
when you guys send me fan art I'm gonna
put it on on my little cabinet and
everything like that so I'm trying to
hook it up so give you a cool background
for my vlogs every single day I'll see
you guys tomorrow
take care peace no frill sorry with my
Arab goodbyes I love you guys take a
piece oh and say hi it's easy you just
hang it up it was good was good nothing
till how you been good good alright I'm
sorry about the Arab goodbye I love you
guys so much take care or peace lady say
I love you too
you
