hey guys what's up a doobie gang hope
you guys all having a great morning I
just woke up we got home from Manchester
around 4 or 5 a.m. and now we're up at 9
a.m.
super early I don't feel it because when
you wake up I love waking up early
because you got things to do to get
things done to stuff like that we have a
big huge meeting right now with the
Metropolitan Police is that what they're
called yep
they're called the Metropolitan Police
well we're not gonna say why yeah but
it's something so exciting something so
big for you guys so hopefully it all
turns out great inshallah and it's crazy
like a park a car facing the car that's
facing you I got so we just got done
with our first meeting today with the
Metropolitan Police and I think it went
amazing what do you think how do you
think we're probably meeting me smash
the biggest me yeah yeah it was it was
one of the best the best really huge
huge project it is much something crazy
something amazing for the community and
youth and it's something that that it'll
have an impact to this world and
something amazing for us to come
together as a community so we're more
than happy to be working with the
Metropolitan Police have given you know
a great and better representation and to
see how everything goes so before we
head to our second meeting we had to go
pick up the home allele from school
really don't know why do you keep people
have school into like July 17 or
something like that and in America we
finish like May June and after that we
have VA after that we start spoon
September you guys finish I feel so bad
you guys have a little say what up are
you doing
did you miss me
ah no why you didn't want me to pick you
up from school
this dude always call shotgun before me
so he has to stay in the front like
meaning we have battles of called
shotguns so shotgun now haha I gotta
stay in the back
Leo I'm a dig in your back I gotta see
if you're actually doing some work you
know there do you do working in class
what do you do
alright so he has you have a sweater and
then one this one has one book bro hi
did you got two books one of them a
mermaid hook what did I say and the
other one is children's reading record
two books the crazy thing is mashallah
Leo is really smart but you got two
books in there that was just like me
found it so what do you learn I'm never
hitting these book what do you learn you
got to read them every night
what about what do you what else do you
learn do you learn about history do you
learn about math yes what's matter the
favors of it
Oh what what's deep 20 times 20 no what
is it
Oh okay okay what's ten times ten what's
10 G what's 5 times five five
oh he's faster ok what's 7 times 7 7
times 7 oh he got it
I'm gonna teach you some Arab history
okay who is the best belly dancer in the
world oh okay he got a right mommy it
was good what's his name
Adam whoops nope you got a wrong Adam
Austin yeah Saleh we're done with that
first meeting we picked up Leo from
school now we're going to our second
meeting and I've got
third meeting at night with a foundation
and I'm so excited to go back to the lay
foundation because I love that vibe that
you have and seeing a mime costume
haven't seen if like a couple days
though you got so much for being on the
journey with me not being bored you know
at the meetings with me and me talking
about what I'm doing that we think so I
really appreciate that you guys are
actually watching and wanting to know
what I'm up to that blazer it's on point
is the first suede I think I'm gonna
need one soon I mean it let me know let
me know the comments below if I should
get one of these flowery the holy place
I should I get a small suede all suede I
need to start dressing like you know
more professional I feel like a dress
too much like a oh come on I say the
word as boy notes up one
takes a strike on what my example here
Greek islands work is important animus
right now I need a dress the more
pressure moves on like that what is this
what is this work
just got done with our second meeting
and now we are gonna go get her if Todd
go home you say what happened you do it
yourself what's good we're getting our
if not here because it's already time
it's negative and we're on our way to a
third meeting and I'm so tired but it's
all gonna be worth it because we are
having some amazing meetings how do you
feel hungry that much I got used to
doing the UK because New York we break
up fast around 8:30 overhears like
around 9:30 and I should here I don't
know probably this feat against the
protein shell again Cote huh let me get
this chocolate shake and uh I get a
sound should I wait to eat at the
foundation you see them so long like
couple days I miss you so much first up
guys I don't so what's good this is the
tour bus right it looks sick in the
homie mount castle inside I miss him so
much
this is how total boss looks you can
flag down
I guess people miss you a lot of people
miss youla yeah he's back here and they
love our bromance that we have row boobs
yes I look like this so we can watch
movies together are we gonna watch
movies here
no way what you know he's never been to
a movie theater anything never in we're
never in his life
we're gonna watch documentaries in it
and hey hey foundation documentary so
definitely knew that in going oh this is
cool like a tour so I'm a ticking app
alright this is that time to watch it
watch it on TV right there we can watch
the documentary right now you're gonna
watch on their color TV yeah whatever -
I watch you when he was you go under
view it sick look it just sofas here but
everything is a saint's kitchen it looks
like a house from here but it's not
actually a bus that's crazy when guys
aren't just the baby good yeah there was
traveling back and forth which is bus
like usually I'm always in just a car
just go too fast and I'm like this this
is legit like I don't mind you guys
wanna go I know right you guys gonna
take me to New York sink yeah who's
gonna drive me to New Jersey I need to
go to New York City for a tow
yeah
like let me drive your device you're
gonna drive it why not
you have to take me there come on we are
ready here in la foundation doing boys
about sorry but you miss me
Oh Lord Allah Allah I miss you so much
so some people used to call me mode and
this is why you want to find bang in
there then Ruslan and you did the karate
player other Hollywood star hello sir he
put I'm just joking oh goodness you're
gonna see my face when I come Reema I'm
gonna show you I'm gonna show you my
face when I cover Iman I'm coming in
Greenville okay you ready come with
NASA's car imma turn nice to drive me to
New York okay to home
okay Rema wow that's a new cabinet in my
room Reema it's for me you got the
cabbage for me he made it I am talking
and himi
Reema I am talking okay the guy who
bought it did you buy it for me yeah
thank you so much that's my present
thank you I love you I love you Reema I
love you too what you got money for me
what is it alright okay potatoes bike
okay Bobby potatoes okay okay thanks
thank you so much for giving me
everything Reema I love you bye ream I
love you you want to talk to us okay
here hey beautiful
you miss me she's doing me see muscle
hello little guy
hi guys it's time to wrap up this flag I
hope you all enjoyed this bike if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey thank you guys so much for
all the support you guys I've been
showing this past me it truly means the
world this is my last couple hours here
in London I am gonna be out to New York
City for Eid and see my family then I'll
be back for the Europe tour thumbs up if
you ready to see The Addams Family again
I'll see you guys tomorrow do me gang
take care I love you guys so much
uh peace like Oh leave a comment below
I'll be choosing the best comment for
tomorrow on tomorrow's vlog okay
pigs
