hey guys what's up so I'm leaving my
hotel Manchester and I met the cool
homies right here
say what's this no shine is so quiet but
this really give me chocolate and
everything's out there what's your name
Xena Xena natasha is on as are my homies
right here thank you guys so much
yes so sweet thank you so much for like
all the love and support you guys are
you guys from Manchester or you're on
that I know that was York Shire oh so
cute
there's a little kid let's see the see
if Leigh doesn't cry I'm never gonna see
gotta see but I feel bad his hair lines
a song time no it's not awful once I'm
getting the LeBron took a picture of him
we are in Manchester the last time I was
in Manchester I just went at the venue
and left at night they really see much
but today I'm actually going around like
this place is called Rochdale Winslow
Windsor Road Winslow Road it just it
looks really amazing I don't mind even
chillier for a couple days because I've
seen him since Africa is right we'll be
back in Uganda definitely sir
definitely so yeah you know officially
finally you know tarpon yeah a long time
ago I'm the best initially he's the
ambassador
you have the green and orphanage so
I'll be definitely going back to and
doing a lot of big projects that you
guys are gonna be part of so hopefully
she'll it all goes well we can only
think you'll be matching with a big red
rain drove right crazy it matches my
shirt so I'm gonna begin the car let's
go to the
New York accent New York man corny on
open babe you know what I'm saying I was
born a corny on Hospital Jersey hey yo I
own a you net we from speaking with you
yo was good way from New York huh yeah
but you claiming bro did you came in to
take your camera off you why do you
gotta mess that up and talking British
good UK bro I gotta mess it over some
British I'm a gun that's what happens
when you park in a handicapped spot and
you're not handicapped so what does an
indoor skydive is my first time since
I'm too much of a park to do the real
skydiving and jumping out the plane but
looks so crazy looking well he's about
to jump ready come on let's do it
these guys are crazy I want to do that
oh so we're not gonna do the indoor
skydiving because in there was like a
really long line and you only get to go
one minute and I have to literally go
back to London in a few minutes so I'm
probably gonna go sometimes somewhere in
America I promise I'll go somewhere
there in this rock climbing over here
guys I'm a girl I met chest is one of my
favorite cities in the UK it seems so
fun and so chill like so many likes even
a gym right there one one time one of
these years I'm gonna just come to
Manchester and stay here for like a week
week and a half just to have a chill out
and just I'm so sad
because I want to go rock climbing but
I'm not allowed to go rock climbing with
him it's only a class trip in his book
told if the class trip this skiing I can
go skiing because they said I need a
book a lesson or two then go skiing so
it's just my luck today but hopefully
when I see you guys later on today it'll
be my guys I might do something crazy
for you guys I'm gonna sneak into the
rock climbing don't try itself
might get each other but it's all good I
won't I want to go rock climbing I want
to show you guys some interesting
something the vlogs just for you guys to
hang out no then I let me do it so I'm
gonna just do it they want me to do
I told you guys what I needed to do
something I need to do something
interesting so I just want blow
rock-climbing they got mad at me and I
don't think I don't think Manchester
likes me but she called me like an
a-hole
she was curse to me I'm like oh my gosh
but it's all good you have to leave you
have to leave a mark anything hey guys
what's up calm our yeah welcome to
America welcome to America hey what's up
she was like welcome to England like now
welcome to New York City well can you
tell the person on the phone that I love
them so much can't just tell them that
we love them
yeah I love you I love you Alice see
Adam said I love you down why not your
boss huh he'll give you a raise if it's
up Adam said I love you back cool
you're gonna call no no you might be
just who they just kicked me out all
right because I want rock climbing I
sneaked in and were like like what they
didn't let me go back then this it is a
class trip so they didn't let me go
right Quentin
so would you kick me out for sucking
I did a video it but then they kick me
up she called me a ho I got so I
supposed to be at the Trafford Centre 4
p.m. but then after I went well rock
climbing and stuff I had to go over to a
meeting so I'm so sorry
now I'm back it's about 555 - left for
to go in at 6 p.m. for the Trafford
Centre and I just decided to do it just
to say hi to you guys and say what up
because everybody was saying tell me to
do a meet and greet so I decided to
hours before I leave Manchester
I just snapchatted I just want to see
the power of you guys have snapchat
Twitter because I didn't promote it on
Instagram usually when I promote on
instruments when everybody comes through
but I want you guys to come through -
the show is more important because it
shows it's more entertaining more cool
everything so hopefully all goes well
and we're going in right now and I said
on Twitter I said if I go in one minute
late or one second late I'm have to let
you guys slapped me so I have about four
minutes left and it's about a ten minute
walk to the Apple Store so hopefully I
do not get slapped this yeah hi guys
look 6 o'clock I'm like 30 seconds late
I'm trying to run over one
no stop
Oh
find the person who took my hat and
fight them for me okay okay go shopping
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you all enjoy this flag for
dick
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey if you made it to the end of the
vlog right now and you're watching this
right now give this a thumbs up I want
to see how much of you have the new me
gang to watch the vlogs if you do give
it a thumbs up and do go hard and show
love and support because it truly means
the world when you guys do give it a
thumbs up it shows me how many of you
guys actually take time and appreciate
the vlog and and take the time to
actually go and click it which is
doesn't really take much or anything
like that and you don't nobody makes
money or anything like that no youtubers
make money when he thumbs up a vlog or
anything like that but I want to say I
had an amazing time in Manchester it was
so amazing I was only there for about
two days got signed him for the being an
ambassador and the green orphanage so
thank you guys so much for that and I
also did a quick seriously you guys like
the power of you guys mashallah is
amazing this is why I feel so blessed
I'll have another like two hours before
two hours before I just put up a
snapchat and I put one up about two
three tweets and so many of you showed
up to the mall and I had an amazing time
I could even do a belly dance in the in
the Apple store they told me get out and
then the mall they were telling me get
out so that's why I had to keep walking
and just like take quick pictures while
I was walking like that but I had an
amazing time with you guys I try my best
to get pictures of every single one of
you guys but I will be back in
Manchester and August the Arab tour is
literally in like a week and a half you
guys have it got your tickets get your
tickets now trust me it's literally like
a lot of tickets are selling right now
that is to get in close air peace I love
you
you
