hey guys what's up do me game is day 9
from Allah I'm in the elevator
my mom's not here so I go to go to
himselves to eat and I mother not kind
of doubt hey to have a chance to win in
the giveaway you have to go to my
Twitter and retweet this tweet right
here so if anyone wants a chance to win
you have to retweet this sweet my mom
went over friend's house because she's
gonna have a girls night out to eat if
thought and stuff like that I don't even
know how she turns up I remember when I
was young I said go and dates are just
like gossip and just talking just drink
teen stuff like that's why I came over
house I meet here I might just sleep
over here and just have a chill out with
him chill at night
because the whole family gonna come
Jamal is coming I missed his graduation
and I'm so so sad because I woke up like
5 6 p.m. my sleeping schedule 1 back to
being so horrible it's like it's like
Malaysian time my semi schedule is used
to the Malaysian times and you know hams
and Hilah you know they're so cool what
you guys doing do it together death
painted hope you guys do it so we have
about 5 10 minutes of that time I
literally just got here when it's sort
of that time and present today today was
the last days and that allows it so
congratulations to everybody who
graduated all around who watches us and
graduated this year congratulations you
guys you guys are a real army piece we
are ready to eat
and got biscuits over here sambusa this
is different kind of samples are the
ones that I make or like oily stuff this
is I think is a cooler these are like
oven baked even those me see who see
that oh these are like oven baked we
have no oil which is much more healthier
so Kemal is here and we got some shish
kabob with rice and ready to dog some
chocolate right there I never know
there's a
means world cup for football USA and not
even I was playing I never there's a
World Cup per woman this is 100 G at it
oh come on Oh what's she doing it's true
I guess China USA was famous he did
watching America's Got Talent and like
there's this 11 year old girl who enough
to sing and she's sound like she was
gonna sing like ariana grande or
something but she's having older crazy
looks
oh my god
I just want to say huge congratulations
to the homie Jamaat for graduating
kindergarten take off the glasses will
give you these guesses yeah we'll give
it to you take it off it's for the Sun
there's no Sun here it looks so weird
stars on it looks like really really no
I'll give you new glasses Norma gonna
give you chatter Tim you graduated
kindergarten and I've seen a lot of
people tweeting I'm saying that they
don't do open though they don't do
graduations for kindergarten or
something like that Europe but in
America this is what we do pre-k there's
graduations in kindergarten there's
graduations in fifth grade there's a
graduation in eighth grade there's a
graduation and in 12th grade there's a
graduation and then college graduation
so I don't know America just they just
love to turn up you know what I'm saying
I mean all the comments below how many
graduations do you have throughout your
whole school years because I had like
like five or six and it was just weird
show me how to show mo how you walk from
the bedroom like that so any thumb the
thumb thumb thumb the thumb yeah
no dummies out Yumi's you're married now
it yeah it's yours yes yes Helvetia
whose bush' hello Karen your ex hello
look at Millikin whose bullshitter be
honest be honest yeah who is she huh
thanks girlfriend she's your ex be
honest be honest why don't you guys talk
yuanba anyway like someone else you
what you what you like someone else who
what's your name mm-hmm what's your name
what's your name be honest and I never
do this I never knew this information
I'm just knowing it now so I'm surprised
as you guys who is it who solder huh are
you serious
oh my god like I don't even know what to
say it it just is I'm just I'm surprised
as much as you guys but I'm not even
gonna say enough to talk about cuz if I
say stuff that he just give me or crazy
on you like
I'm just gonna say hi wish you the best
don't break any hearts tell butch it up
make sure you're friends with her your
friends are there you don't know happy
speech I be spoken sir who do you love
butchered or Zhanna Zhanna oh that's so
cute and we're going out to the roof of
Hamza and hate ourselves okay man I love
the roof over here like it's such a
chill out spot I know going on top of
the thing is there nothing like okay
okay get down get down
look guys what is really dark I need to
go somewhere with his lights so I could
talk to you at yeah usually on July 4th
but you can see the whole fireworks
going around in the sky stuff like that
I'm still New York City in July 4th I'll
probably be here because it's so crowded
and like Times Square is like then you
can see the whole like New York City the
whole - the whole fireworks so it's
pretty cool
I'm gonna have to use my iphone light to
show you guys outside hands like that oh
my god it's really dark it's like I
could barely go come on you're right why
are you - face up so like look scared
come on Joe it's not what I know I got a
plank it's like a beach day right now
you guys need to come back down let's
just go back guys breaking news these
powers are going oh oh oh
guys just when I was talking about
fireworks the fireworks went off
literally when we thought we thought we
was true and we started running back
were like yo they would look up in like
oh no this is fireworks it was so scary
I'm coming from right there right there
see Oh looks nice
Hey
hi guys we're leaving guru because
humanity
the other thing since what do you think
it is things gunshots he thinks he was
shown bazookas it's gonna scare so we're
just gonna go down have a chill up cause
like you're just press emergency brake
yeah yeah no this is the American
football signee play grab it like this
you got to make it like roller like that
come on you know all this will teach you
and go like this ready step whoa yes I
the man had a picture day and he decided
to keep smiling nice
q5 oh that's a nice word I like it keep
smiling keep smiling from jebel let me
see his mom they meet it deena boys to
take off my socks
thank you guys some oh let's go oh damn
add one who wants to put it back on I
don't get why you guys are doing this
this is like an Arab tradition no smell
my socks would be honest tell me all
smells be honest get it be honest this
smell better
hey let it be honest be honest be honest
good be honest nose ah smell like Clorox
okay my feet don't stink I'm just saying
that's enough you don't stank you know
put my sock back on hi guys so I have
like this confession to say what's not
really like confession is something like
I do not explain it it's you guys have
seemed a vlog a vlog that a couple times
it's not an addiction but it's like a
really bad bad habit I tend to do like
hookah she should like almost every
single day and it's like a super it's
like a really really bad habit I know a
lot of people do it but I do try to stop
and that's why I haven't even been going
out lately or anything like that because
usually when I go out just you guys
don't see this but after after like the
vlogs i'ma just come out to your dream
cuz when I when my mom found out that do
it every single day she's like why don't
you tell the people on YouTube
tell your father's that you do I'm like
no what I'm be straight up with you guys
I'm tell you guys what I do after the
vlogs I just go outside and up
doing shisha and just editing and stuff
like that but I do it so much like two
three hours and I don't know how this I
don't know how to stop it or like that I
don't know like I always say I'm gonna
stop it then I tend to do it because it
just makes me like relax and like just
makes me just have like a little chill
out and I'm like and my mama hates it so
much because whenever I go out and do it
I don't come back to like 3 or 3 4 a.m.
and she gets so scared she's always like
she's always like home with like eyes
open when it's red because she tries to
sleep but she doesn't want to see me so
I go home so I put through like I put my
through so so much and it makes me feel
really really bad and that's why I've
stopped like hanging outside after cuz
mom said oh don't tell me you just came
back after a month in half traveling me
to go back outside and do who cannot see
me or not doing anything something you
know what I kind of bought I bought a
hookah and I did it like I did at home
and mom was like I'd rather you do it at
home then going out wasting your money
and just and just doing it out there so
I decided to buy one but I don't know
why just like I still do it my dad is
kinda alright with it because he does it
but my mom she goes crazy and she told
me to let you guys know I was like you
know what I am gonna tell them I'm gonna
let them know and I do wanna stop I just
decided to let you guys know I really
hope nobody like does the same thing as
me does it a lot if you guys don't do it
try to cut not for me because it is that
for you and I don't want anybody doing
anything like that yes I literally just
got one and I have no clue why I'm
showing you guys I just I'm not gonna
lie I did get a hookah I did do it today
and I did tell my mom that I would let
you guys know she's always but monkey
was like how do you let them know maybe
you guys will motivate me to stop or
like cut down a little bit and I just
that's probably like one of my goals
just cut down a little bit and just go
back to doing other better things
hanging out fun doing on my family more
now and I stopped going out it's like 3
4 am doing shisha or anything because my
mom hates that I'm only 22 years old and
I want to just hang out my family hang
out my mom and dad show them a lot of
love so that's what I've been doing
lately just hanging out even if I'm
doing I'm just hanging out my mom
hanging out my dad chela that's
basically my confession to you guys and
hopefully I do cut down and hopefully
you guys don't like different armies
I guess kind like a everything I don't
know but we had to cut down yeah than
that it's time to wrap up this blog if
you guys want me to upload the old vlogs
from 2008-2009 give this black a thumbs
up if you guys let me give you guys a go
if it gets 10,000 thumbs up and one day
I'll upload one of my old vlogs on this
channel as a separate because it's a
really long blog and then if you guys
get another go out upload other one is
crazy weird vlogs my old one so I'll let
you guys know with that I'll see you
guys tomorrow do me gang take care and
peace like
you
