let me smell good for you guys hey guys
what's up this is Adam and I hope you
guys are all doing great today as I said
on Fridays I will be doing more of like
a talk on this channel instead of vlog
so I get to talk with you guys and
connect with you guys instead of always
doing like these crazy adventures on
vlogs and stuff so today I'm gonna get
to connect with you I'm gonna get to
talk to you we're gonna get to know each
other better so if you guys do not know
I'm supposed to be doing this future
world tour in 2016 which is gonna be
called Adams ratchet tour or Adams twerk
tour I'm still deciding on that I
already know what I'm gonna do for the
whole show it is gonna be super ratchet
super crazy super inspiring funny and
just wild so I decided why not give you
guys a little preview there's a lot of
new people who have been watching me and
subscribing to this channel just follow
me so I decided why not you guys get to
know me and to the people have already
been watching me for years I decided why
not you guys get to know me even more
because I have a lot of stories that I
want to share that I've never shared
with you guys and I hope you guys
already and I hope inspires you or makes
you laugh makes you smile and yeah
what's up world I hope you all are doing
great today my name is Adam messin Yas
Allah hi I'm 22 years old currently
living in New York City and my life is
crazy I just want to say thank you all
for coming through and watching this
show it truly means the world I
appreciate every single one of you for
coming to this ratchet tour I want to
tell you all a little bit about me from
when I was younger until right now I've
went through so much in my life
especially with my mom and dad in school
in second grade my dad would always come
pick me up from school because my mom
would either be cooking or babysitting
or I do not know what so it was report
card day in second grade so my dad came
in he's coming to look at my report card
see how I'm doing I was probably one of
the smartest kids in the class no you
know what actually I was probably just
the dumb kid in the class everybody else
in the classroom we're just Dumber so my
dad comes in the classroom system with
the teacher he starts giving these fake
compliments in class to the teacher like
oh nice very nice share very comfortable
how much you bought it $60 I can get it
to you for $20 this is nice this is a
like a suit like you live in a desert I
live in a castle very nice oh very nice
shed it's okay for brokest then he was
still very nice Chet my teacher handed
the report card to my daddy she starts
telling him that I'm an amazing student
everything's great I'm super quiet I'm
super nice and I passed all my classes
and I'm just there sitting like this
because I had nothing to her but I
passed everything all my classes I even
passed Spanish and the only reason why I
passed Spanish because it was simple
Spanish she was a Spanish whereas i
can√µt you know dos tres cuatro so my
dad took the report card is sort of
looking at it you got a in Spanish so
I'm there and I'm like yeah that I got
an A in Spanish okay so if you got in
Spanish speaking in Spanish speaking in
Spanish babalu simple span cuz you don't
know Spanish honey you don't know
Spanish my teacher cut him off and she
told him that I am very good in Spanish
and I know how to speak Spanish
vowels won't be trucking in a while you
being mad I was already so embarrassed
and this is what my dad did
hey have a deep look look yeah deciding
he's adopted easy he's a Spanish I got
so embarrassed I ended up lying saying I
need to use the bathroom I just left the
classroom and I was listening from
outside my dad is having a
full-on argument with my teacher because
I got an A in Spanish but that my son
got a and his vanished he must be
Spanish right
he must be Spanish you have you have to
give him the DNA test
he must be Spanish he don't know how to
be in home he don't know how to be he
always come with me to the Duke to it he
never translate to me let it take him to
Spanish daddy translating we get in
Spanish she'd never teach me nothing I
don't know why you give me if you saying
he speak Spanish Jilla call us okay
adios we ended up walking home from
school because our home was probably
like four or five blocks away from
school and my dad did not want to shut
up he just kept repeating it and
repeating it I do not know what's up
with our dad but they always repeat
stuff and he gets so annoying if you
guys think I'm confident or if I have
like guts to do something so crazy
my dad is crazier he seemed a Spanish
lady on the phone he went up to her and
he told her you can have my son he just
vanished he got in Spanish you can have
him you can have it I was only seven
years old so I was so scared the Spanish
lady on the phone is looking at my dad
like he's some kind of crazy old guy
better at that man at the bed
yeah on your mama way loco is a local
custom yeah
what voila and that's when I found out
that my dad is ratchet and that's where
I got it from
this is going to be a little more
serious and some of you guys probably
know but I'm also gonna say now because
there's a lot of stories to it but in
third grade
when I was 8 years old I was in New York
City when the stuff for 9/11 happened I
was in school and I was literally like
15 20 minutes away from when the towers
crashed and I'ma say this fall from my
heart no editing right now nothing I'm
just go straight to her and let you guys
know but I seen smoke outside I didn't
even know what was it's from towers at
all I was 8 years old I mean I seen it
the building but I didn't know what was
a cold or anything we seen the smoke
coming out from the sky from the window
and it was crazy we had no school for
about for about 2 weeks we had no school
and I just had a time my life from
school you know second grade first grade
I said even my dad is enjoy coming to
school and having these embarrassing
moments with me stuff like that so I
came back from school two weeks later
after the Twin Towers happen and the
whole class was just different to me all
of my best friends weren't my best
friends anymore because of everything
that was going on the news saying that
Muslims did what did that to the Twin
Towers and everything so everybody just
turned on me it was the most horrible
feeling ever because I was probably I
went from the most liked student in
class and to the most hated school
student in class because I was Muslim so
throughout the years of fourth grade
fifth grade sixth grade seventh grade
and eighth grade it was probably one of
the worst years years of my life it was
just so crazy people used to whenever I
still want to play basketball or
football the American football base
always choose me by purpose so they can
tackle me so they can foul me about
purpose so they can hit me in one time
when I was playing football the American
football everybody tackled me together
at once they gave me the ball by purpose
and the Alltech will be at once and one
of the kids he stepped on my throat
right here and I'm never gonna forget
this day but the kid stepped on my
throat I caught like a like a like a
breath attack like I couldn't breathe
I was literally
just cook I thought I was gonna die I
ran up while I couldn't breathe to my
teacher and I told you like what
happened and while something what
happened I could even speak I'm like
trying to speak and I was just crying
and I didn't want to go to school I
wanted to drop out I didn't want to go
to school this is one of the reasons why
my older brother who's one year older
than me dropped out in seventh grade
because of all this racism all this
issue that's going on at the time but
for me I kept I kept mean strong through
I'm like Noah even if I was the most
hated kid in school I must stand up for
myself
i'ma stay being strong i'ma continue on
fourth grade I went to fourth grade
fifth grade sixth grade understand for
myself people to steal my hat people is
to steal a lot of myself I just go up to
them and just stand up from us also
fighting one time even my sister came
and she stood up with and she's like she
defended me she came with me to beat up
these guys because they all like jumped
me and stuff like that because they
stole my hat and I stood for myself for
like really dangerous situations eyes to
react in a really negative way but two
wrongs don't make a right because when
my mom used to come she's to wear the
hijab and then they know they know how
much I love her more than how much I
always protect my mother so one time
when we left from school this was in
sixth grade I believe we left school and
I seen my so-called friends they were
behind me and I was walking with my mom
and then this kid threw like a really
big rock at my mom's back and I had no
clue I'm walking with arm she's holding
my hand like that so I can't see nothing
from behind me someone threw something
on mom but I didn't see all I seen is
Mohammed just fall right in front of me
like I literally thought she got shot I
started crying I thought she got shot my
mom fell on her knees and she fell down
like face flat so I turned around and I
seen all the kids in my class just run
away laughing and I'm looking at my mom
on the floor then this teacher came over
he started trying to call the ambulance
stuff like that and I was scared of
embolus I'm like the Amba stuff um
probably hate me too so I just picked up
mom like no don't call no elbows nothing
then I went straight home and mom was
literally like her heart was broken I
kind of made a really big mistake
in high school but to be honest I don't
regret it I learned from it
I started high school in a different
school in a different building and I was
like you know what instead of me being
bullied for being Muslim i'ma start off
in school I'm not gonna say I'm Muslim
I'm a lie I'm a lie and I'm gonna say
I'm Catholic I'm Christian so I started
the first day of school saying that I'm
not Muslim I'm Catholic I said anybody
asked music I'm putting I'm Dominican
I'm Catholic just so just so it's not
like I hate it it's um I love this time
with the passion about I just needed to
like not say it because I was so scared
of like the same things can happen to me
for another four years and I so I'm like
you know what I'm not gonna nothing
happen to me for four high school
because I'm end up being like my older
brother Namah end up dropping out was
probably the most hardest years of my
life during Ramadan ice to have to break
my fast because some people they knew
that Muslims do Ramadan so during like
pizza parties in school I would during
lunchtime pizza parties whatever I would
have to eat in front of my friends just
so they can see that I'm not like
getting involved with any like Islamic
related stuff just to prove that I'm not
like I'm not Muslim so I won't get
bullied and it's like that and I would
have to I kind of hate myself for that
cuz like it's a big mistake but you know
what I want to go back I want to rewind
life and just and just and just start
like start like if I had one wish is
going back to high school that's like my
but going back to high school and
starting off my first day and telling
all my friends and everybody that I'm
that I'm Muslim I would have to like
start knocking people out because I do
box at a time and I take advantage and I
would start beating up people but the
only reason why I would beat up people
or not ran the people out was because
they can get the subject off me being
Muslim away from the heads and that
subject would be Oh Adam knock that dude
out you always crazy oh he got that
knock out oh my god is crazy like the
way I was in high school was just that
was just me it just wasn't me I see even
vlog in high school but the vlogging I
did in high school was like crazy
vlogging ice to violate like I should be
really really bad I don't know
notice my real passion is actually
vlogging like I've been vlogging you
guys doing on rapid vlogging since like
2008 I have a lot of vlogs this is
something I've never told the world I
have a lot of lives where I'm doing
really like really weird stuff really
weird stuff I was cursing a lot in the
vlogs and yeah we're just really if you
guys don't watch it thumbs up and let me
know if you do and watch it maybe I will
put it up in the vlog channel as its own
separate video I'm having deadline now I
was the first person in my family to
enter college and when I started college
I told everybody that I'm Muslim because
I noticed that I made the biggest
mistake of me lying that I must I
learned a lot in life not just with this
story with many many more that I want to
share with you guys but with this and I
school me line to literally the world
for the four years in high school and
saying that I'm not Muslim it actually
made me closer to Islam right now the
past three four years with you guys
seriously you guys have made me so
confident you know give me the sweet guy
like I'm so nice sometimes that people
take advantage of me but I used to be a
really messed-up guy stairs you guys
made me to an amazing amazing guy to my
mom mom mom says I'm amazing mom used to
never say she's never compliment me or
nothing she said literally hate
everything I do but now she appreciates
almost everything I do and I thank you
guys for that other than that that is
all I'm gonna give you guys for this
adams ratchet tour or the adams twitter
i give you guys one funny story
one inspirational story and that's all
that I'm going to be giving I have a lot
more funny ratchet stories and a lot
more inspirational stories that I want
to share with you guys and I cannot wait
for this Adams ratchet or or Adams twerk
tour because it's going to be it's going
to be something different something
while something really connective and
interacting is something that I'm always
wanting to do my life and I really hope
that you guys can come through and turn
up and it's gonna be live on that I love
you guys so much thank you guys for
being so amazing and I really hope you
guys don't judge me don't think I'd be
like different for like the silver thing
stupid things I did in high school or
the stupid things my dad did whatever he
did my dad to be on
I love my dad for the embarrassing
moments he put me through because now I
can talk about and I could tell you guys
about have probably like a thousand
stories that my dad has done to me of
embarrassing stuff that I can share with
you guys I have like a million sources
of what my mom has done and I can't wait
to share it all with you guys I love you
guys so much take care of dummy gang
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace love
you
