hey guys what's up ado me gang this is
Adam Saleh and I'm here at the new Adams
family house at my backyard chillin all
alone I'm lonely do me a I'm just joking
I'm not lonely my whole family's
literally here like my whole generation
there's like 20 kids in my house and I'm
gonna get to introduce you guys my first
cousins they're really young they're
like seven eight years old and the crazy
thing is with my traveling and
everything that I do I haven't seen them
for like years so today I'm gonna get to
see them then after that it is prank
week let's see how it goes do me do me
gig I am with to my cousins right now
these are my first cousins this is the
man say hey do me gate we're joined by
Rima and I laughs what's up say hi
let's go see what else is going on over
there come on let's go see I'm there
what are you doing
I'm also witness it was I miss you look
how many cars are out here man there's
one right here this is not my dad's car
this is another car it's another car
here another car there another car there
another car there ain't another car back
there it do me game just like six cars
and what block man I'm also how you
doing we've been up you don't want to
see me no more
I got somos Allah has shown me the
sewers that's where the clowns come from
you guys want to go he's Peter savage
wants to go what the heck
dad what yeah he's my cigarettes he's
done for that this guy just roasted my
dad man hey said these cigarettes for my
dad's not penny wise Jemaine man always
a savage man for every roastmaster well
also hey oh my god so cool damn pilot I
seen you do the invisible box challenge
you guys do not know what the invisible
box challenges it is this it is
seriously like the hardest challenge
ever
hey king savage and Adam hi guys so this
is what we're doing we're gonna be doing
the invisible box challenge Tyler she's
the best one at it so she's gonna be the
first one to go then after that wall
gonna attempt it's so hard man it's
harder than it looks guys next ride out
let's go ready China
I love this do so much miss okay okay
hey how did she do that man cow let me
see you cut me got the fresh cut me
seeds right now
MZ okay I'll see you okay let's see
you're gonna break the box together
Holmes is underway like a tsunami my
style yeah hi guys the roast messenger
matt is about to show us how to do the
real invisible box challenge ready guys
I'm with my neighbor Jenna Jenna what's
up how you doing you doing good yeah
each other hi guys she got a bike man
look at this this is crazy man can I get
a ride Jenna Jenna's gonna give you a
ride right do me gang thumbs up if you
guys want me to get a bigger version of
this dirt bike I mean obviously I need
to get my license in my car first then
after that I'll get a dirt bike also do
me game it is now
pranked I mob did you guys in the next
shop hi guys I'm inside here with the
man to hate and he's asking me will be
asking me how do you do the next shot he
was like how do you do the next shot how
do you go by doing like this and you
just magically appear somewhere he's so
cute innocent man you don't know how I
do it so this is what I do I go like
this and after that I'll just teleports
wherever I go that close my eyes and
then boom I happen to be someone ready
to do it see you guys in the next shot
do me gang I am having an amazing
amazing time right now with the family
but it is very quick and I have to get
Yousef little brothers say yeah his
reactions are like the best
he always threatens me when I'm not
pranking me he hates when people
pranking so I felt like this one let's
make it something good like an
experiment you know I'm saying like a
crazy experiment type of Prayer
as yo I'm doing this crazy character
Adam but I'm staying and I'm I scared
I'm scared of like repeating so I'm do
this for you guys alright I'm at work I
lost my virginity and we do something
suddenly breaking Adam basically I'm
gonna say that I did something with the
veil
okay guys I just hit the camera and I'm
uncool I'm gonna have to tell something
really important I'm doing this realize
a DVD
okay so happy ability do like hunter OG
Justin she got love
she's trying to press a up I know in the
body print snap on him right now
what do you want so nobody even likes a
just say well why not well mines in
women know trusting trust me or what
so I'm gonna break the bed up on this
girl she looks like a school that's not
someone who serves at all but I had
never seen that one public why do you
tell you this white tunnel man
so you suppose you can find her to the
house sighs looks like you did me
whoo very pretty whole lots of you
didn't leave hello I mean lost
you know virginity means are us you know
what my dignity means yes oh I can't
believe house it has a wall of this is
true if you really lost your virginity I
don't know what the same thing I don't
know it's a huh who is this mr. go yes
the messages
No how does it you're liable lie I'm
saying that's about hundred thirteen
you're 13 don't do that take good luck I
can't have you scored my life well how
do you mess up my head right now I don't
know I don't know I keep up so what do
mean she's our girl she's she's a girl
yeah so feel like she's a girl I know
yes I'm serious I know you something
messages I know but like I was a you 13
why would you do that it's not a good to
like I don't want you being into that
you know lifestyle or like I don't want
you doing that
whose idea was it whose idea run me up
with it
your friend hooked you up yeah my
friends you hanging out how does that
suits you go I'm not I don't know what
to do like I don't know what you want me
to do I not like I'm an inventor huh
I want to get married soon you're gonna
get married sir alright that's good my
cell phone you wanna get married then
the first thing is I think I just don't
see enough don't tell no one and just
get married I said I don't know I don't
know I don't know you played me the
situation I don't know my mom's old and
she wound up in your mom's home and says
what like you hangs out here please have
the please send me like closer oh my god
how does it tell you like come on
believe it what that Hanza this dude is
oh my god I don't know what to do I
don't know what else to do come on oh my
god hi
Adam ten minutes of my life
I'm trying to do another prank what do
you do it is packed away Oh Alan
secluded he came to the room and told me
he no way he told me that as we they're
lying it's crazy
why would you do that give me my camera
give my camera house I did a good job on
pranking Adam what we all try to prank
out of it I didn't believe it I couldn't
believe I believe some of it because
I've seen him getting old and stuff like
he's 13 you know I seen him becoming you
know thinner masculine like more manly
his voice is even crazy boy taking over
your channel uncrackable you're not
capable no more let's do this Kool G bar
I don't keep me happy I walk yeah would
it do me gay I was just working on a
crazy prank on say yeah and this dude
comes to me it does this in a way he
kind of helped me out like you just gave
me a video but like what why why you're
laughing I love it I'm like I couldn't
take him seriously but I couldn't look
him someone imagine 230 be old you know
your little nephew who he seemed grow up
and like was born they come to you
saying oh my god do me yeah I do not
even know what to do like I supposed to
pranks AF and this whole thing happened
so I think I'll wait on the prank and
say yeah I'm gonna make sure from his
mother and from Yousef that say F does
not watch this vlog so he won't know
that I want to prank him and then I'll
prank him in another video but I just
want to say thank you guys so much you
guys have been showing so much love on
the thumbs up the comments and
everything also do me yeah I'm gonna
give you guys a real talk with Adam
right now just me do me I mean you I'm
not supposed to say this but um since
this is a real talk and you guys are
staying to the end the vlog something
really important okay so Marcin and Rima
I'm announcing right now that Watson
Rima are gonna have a big big
announcement on January 6 2018 Mawson
and Rima will be making their
announcement that's it you guys didn't
hear from me I didn't say nothing I'm
Robert slug here I hope you guys enjoyed
it thumbs up and do me game if you guys
enjoy I love you guys thank you guys so
much if you guys haven't subscribed what
do you guys doing subscribe and I'll see
you guys tomorrow with another prank I
love you guys take care and peace I like
waiting but I've been just down the road
thought I'd just let you know so when
you hear me pull it up outside just know
I've been ready for you
