hey guys what's up do me gang I hope you
all are doing well it is day six of
Ramadan we're about a fifth way throwing
on that's gone by pretty fast almost a
week into it
and I hope you guys are enjoying the
sermon on daily vlog and I hope you guys
enjoyed your Ramadan I'm gonna be
chilling today relaxing at home because
I'm still so sore from the day I blacked
out from working out and I am gonna be
working out again tomorrow so I'm trying
to get my rest today so I can be like
fresh tomorrow
ready to do a band will not work out as
hard as tomorrow maybe I will
I don't know but I'll try to take it
easy for you guys cuz I'm gonna work out
while I'm fasting I'm trying to take it
easy you know son I got the homie Muhsin
and guess who I got Deena who I don't
know why she's wearing my beanie
it was Tina's birthday about May 27th
and someone set her a birthday gift and
she Dina never got like she doesn't get
gifts like that but she's gonna open one
and she'll hopefully mix her smile I
don't know I guess yeah open it open
Adina she does even know what's a gift
she's looking at I'm like what is that
Dina say hi say hi Dina's so shy when
the cameras on she's mad chill go on
like the cameras off she goes crazy open
it
she's scared she thinks is like some
kind of like monsters gonna pop up
anyway Dean idea it's a gift the
birthday gifts dealer open Wow Deena
why don't you appreciate it okay then
let me give it to Mawson what's wrong
with you did you yeah
really nigga say thank you say thank ya
say thank you she does appreciate her so
thank you so much I'm thinking about
Dina she's so lovable like she always
was it what the heck really nigga she
plays with him a lot and but she plays
really rough like look the way she does
play like didn't see like a really rough
like you put hood up like it don't live
at the fight
oh the fighting over a pink scooter
come on mustn't do so design come on
wasn't yeah yes I don't talk about ear
Oh Muslim Muslim I do be gay you guys
are still undefeated
and you guys got 1800 thumbs up in one
hour so I can say that you guys are
still holding down the record thank you
so much for all the love and support
thumbs up and go turkey I think we have
to get to K likes in an hour probably
today so let's see how this goes
so the 200 some boosters that were made
that day it's no more I kind of ate all
of it so there's a brand new one
what's wrong it's a brand new one that
we're making over here he helped out
Rima helped out so we got the triangle
onesie these have the meat inside of it
I'm gonna cheese and it's crazy I want
something that's gonna last with whole
month but actually finished finishing
about a week alright guys so if you guys
want to ever teach your kids or anything
you know how to fast or make them fast
this what you gotta do
you're every mom what no you're not so
I'm gonna keep you like this so so is
that yep Rima that's it
you're gonna stay like that and then
you're gonna be like that until I get up
okay so I'll see
three hours okay bye Reema let's see how
you can escape let's go
escape take it up let's see if she can
escape come on dream ice cave escape the
lion is going hey be my kid escape Oh
what are you gonna
oh ah I chipped over this I'm sorry
ah you gonna hear me free cuz I tripped
over the thing you went to go get a
banana while see how it is oh I'm about
it of Todd have kufta a fish kofta steak
no saying sambusa a seed no I see Robin
you're okay
really nigga naw see it's a miracle no I
see for my dad bad night it's a banner i
gosh I'm making some acid soon so see ya
chef boots on juice and then another big
thing know what Webber knows I make a
seed come through and make my dad some I
see another night so I got some presents
for you guys well it's not from me some
name goat some gave you guys presents
but don't touch nothing yeah okay shut
up also okay Charlotte I'm Michelle to
go tsunami remind AMI no now he's
alright this is for Hamza aka French
Montana open it up oh this is Thailand
happy birthday Kayla
yeah what is it a selfie stick they feel
I think Hamza has always been asking for
this obviously I was that's why I stolen
I suppose that why he was obviously
that's gonna hit he's gonna hit his he's
gonna hit us with it
nobody stick that face look at that face
she's acting like she's happy why am i
ready for yours yeah all right you guys
watch this this is for you my you go
really nigga here no that's for you is
you didn't open it open open here hold
the oldest hold it meme hold it wow this
is for EEMA I got happy chica
thank you guys thank you so much thank
you so much real magical off it says
from your silent do you get me now
supporter from Germany this means so
much there's a lot of you who are so
silent but you guys show so much love so
thank you so much and hopefully meet you
soon inshallah all right guys time to
wrap up this vlog I hope you all enjoyed
this vlog did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey I'm so sorry if
this rug was kind of short or if I
didn't do much because I was so tired
and knocked off like today's like the
most I've ever slept since the past like
six months even my mom was like checking
on me she's like where's Adam but I am
here and I just found out that we
reached 400,000 subscribers on the vlog
Channel so I want to say thank you guys
so so so much it truly means the world
thank you to every single one of you
subscribe to always show thumbs up
always go Turkey and everything and if
you guys to know what does go turkey
mean let me know in the comments below
because I'm seeing a lot of people
asking like what's go Turkey let's go to
hkey a lot of people who have been
watching me for like you know a couple
years now you guys know what's going the
new people that are watching you're
gonna know now what's go park you know
and i'm saying go turk you got to keep
the hell out and i'm saying old turkey
you know keep it ratchet and i'm saying
go turkey you know i'm saying so
let me know in the comments look but
that is tomorrow i'm gonna be doing a
giveaway video for the 400,000
subscriber video tomorrow so see you
guys tomorrow
dumi yang i love you guys so much take
care
our piece hello
you
