what's up guys it's landed in the UK and
I see the homies right here we just had
a snapshot dude hey buddy
don't worry I always show them to
another and we're just doing the creepy
face you can do it ready say go got to
do it you can't let me do it I gotta do
it looking at a I'm some kind of weirdo
but this is how we do in New York City
we just go in the car you let someone
push you and it go shopping we got some
lettuce has to go yeah you can't be
leaving me like that pass the lettuce
that is
grapes passing grapes George oh great
you guys in UK guys do some cool shot
down like priests and a you guys are
some push up oh my gosh you guys are
some cool shopping oh my gosh let me
cookies that I got you guys do some oh
my god you guys this is cool shot me cuz
a little traffic here that was in New
York is like traffic even inside oh my
god yourself buddy heavy South Harry
Harry
oh this is what local ask you man people
gonna see me again here tomorrow
well she's much like a nice guy knows
miss you you don't be right
when he was lay here yourself
we'll go back oh mama it doesn't matter
what you say - yeah she can help me
alright you help me luck help you get up
all right how much is it
what's so funny it's not funny why 1100
I got show my mom so she can see what
I'm doing at UK I say what up say turn
up turn up kids in turn can you say turn
up okay doesn't even speak English ah
here we go
can you take colonel turn it turn up so
I turn up keep up a little bit
bye-bye I'm here with the homie Leo
about the training pants up Piazza like
that keep your hands up at all the time
I'm training from some boxing training
what are you watching fighting we're
fighting yeah
oh let me train you first we do you
fight me hey I'm a sky oh oh oh gloves
skills to fight me you want to find me
free wanna fight bro - gloves
oh my you sure you're on the train first
look you sure
huh yo sure was rough don't work here
let's just mean you mean
oh ok ok
Oh
good luck oh oh listen you would you
wanna tell them to cross it sounds cry
yes replicas like that fixed like what
yeah like I sold right I'm gonna jump
over you okay don't move don't move at
all
I'm gonna jump over you okay ha oh you
guys don't move at all I just had gone
over okay
don't move oh good
hi what's up he's taking over it's good
I finished being up Adam and beating me
up okay Leah I want you to I want you to
speak in an American accent okay I'm
gonna make Leo speaking in American
accent Leo hey leo
a little British kid bro say what's up
bro say what's up bro who shut off say
I'm uh say can I have some hot dogs
yes yeah can I have some hot dogs
no as I've seen in a British accent say
can I have some hot dogs hot dogs hot
dogs hot dogs here you getting a you
getting it are you American what are you
English so we're gonna be staying in a
hotel here in Croydon for the next three
days because we're gonna be live on TV
because I'm gonna talk about my
experiences in Pakistan and let me give
you guys a room tour right now as we've
got to give you guys a daily or whenever
go in a hotel hotel room tour let's see
how this up well telling them yeah you
have to nice huge beds looks really cool
yeah two chairs looks really nice let's
see the view I never show you guys the
view um via never mind the view thanks
ray it looks cool though yeah I'm ready
I'm about to go alive and see how this
goes
I'm pretty nervous cuz it's like a live
show and I'm gonna be on for about two
hours to talk about my experiences and
help do fundraising and I'm doing a laid
foundation I so I'm about to go live and
air I have like this little mini mic
with the homie right here was up and I'm
gonna be out for about two hours to
shelter all goes well wish me luck this
house goes we just got done with the
interview here in Sky a one on equity V
and it was an amazing amazing was a
chill out and should be on again
tomorrow and the day after and am on
costume it gives hard handshakes so
thank you so much for having me okay
okay I'll be on tomorrow I'll put on the
top I'm aware tooth of tomorrow this
should be cool
he's an amazing such amazing funny and
humble guy and the chili means we'll lot
M Shama all goes well in shower you need
to let her look I'm alone a lot more I
promise I promise I'm alerting a lot
more and basically we spoke about the
hangers and we raised a lot of awareness
on this issue
make sure you guys tune in tomorrow
tomorrow which is today and a queer TV
sky 8 1 9 and you guys will see it from
the next few days in fact water we are
all 19 from 6 feet 6 p.m.
yeah 6 p.m. - if thought for three hours
6 p.m. to 9 p.m. or 6 p.m. to liftoff
which is around 9:30 GMD UK time that's
cool you see us well fasten well we'll
be looking away because you know our
breasts lying in the small I didn't well
I should be it should be nice look nice
you guys tuning oh ok you would
seriously shell everything goes well and
thank you to everybody who has been
helping out with everything and get ok
fine they should thank you so much for
having me and be honest being on this
interview in this experience it truly
means well thank you guys so much
and some are like thank eating so right
now I got a POC Cora with the homies it
was that was good I'll ask him you've
been to New York is that yeah be able to
twice do you like it oh I love it yeah
yeah good hey just go home around cuz I
person actually um from from and I'm
here with Roman well they are oh oh oh
without you how's immigrant
I'm here with Tommy his name is Brian
let her sleep was good
can you chat up what's your sister's
name oh yeah would you add Italia the
line give a shout out so each other soon
let's see what just got done we're
heading back to the moon and it was an
amazing amazing time Pete shut up - ok
foundation and mum costume for we're
just having a crazy massage I might be
doing the don't judge challenge I don't
judge me about gonna do the don't judge
challenge baby I don't know I'm so take
it because a lot of us might have to
tell me to do it
some people tell me not to do it
why you people calling it the don't
judge challenge huh
now you gonna judge me because I was
very dancing you're judging people
because they have spots on their face
cuz they're wearing glasses I said to
why he doesn't keep me you shouldn't be
judging people like this it's very very
bad yes I mean I'm a way to throw but I
also taught it can I belly dance as I'm
gonna wrap up the vlog like this I don't
know why I did
don't judge me challenge but it's I
really I personally think it's a really
stupid challenge because shouldn't judge
anyone just because someone if someone
looks like this who cares you shouldn't
be judging them judge them if you know
them or just run that personality
neither looks anything like that so so
say time to wrap up this vlog hope you
guys all enjoy this value if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey was an amazing amazing day like a
nice Ramadan night we have another
interview today and another one tomorrow
so make sure you guys to an enthe guys
for tuning in and helping out and
raising awareness on the cause of I care
about a hinga truly means the world
thank you guys so much for everything I
reach six hundred thousand followers on
Instagram to take it to everybody who
followed me on Instagram I'll see you
guys tomorrow do me Hank take care and
peace would you still love me felt like
this would you would you would you
I'm worried about we move what do you
worry about for me I'm weird
yeah Fulham go anywhere
