right now we were heading to molds on
let's go to the plane
about an hour and a half like the homies
right
thanks tiny they're so nice
Pakistan to me
you
right now he's at Karachi right now
before I got so I just got to Motown I
just freshened up and changed and I have
a surprise for you guys I invited this
special person all the way from the Lord
he came here and he's gonna go back with
me to Lahore cuz he is the real MVP and
I'm about to go see him right now have
you seen him for like two three years
I'm so excited I got her flowers oh my
god I'm like it's so so crazy because I
have now about to meet him in his
hometown in Pakistan let's go see how it
goes I'm going to here right now it's
outside I think so I was you
oh my god oh he doesn't see me
oh yeah Misty's that happy
oh yeah Chile believe it
how you doing this alright go marry
something those who got married three
kids so hot a link up
that was good Oh killer I give Hey oh it
is so weird
like two years now now we're in the car
village is the victims of the flood we
have a long long journey is two hours to
go there and I thought we have a
seven-hour drive back to the horn which
is his hood
I feel so we're seeing a man although
not as good shows the other quickly tell
us what happens to cedar football's best
well soccer okay so they make it here
and they train them for a lot of
companies at PacSun and they give them
order so they can add money out of this
and fulfill this order and they make
money like ATP I was crazy some of these
footballs are actually sold in like
America stuff I guess so this is like
behind the scenes this is them making it
here of this boy we're making right
there that's so good
takes about one hour to make one
football and they sell it in about 50
cents for one ball which is about 50
cents an hour there's more than here
making second tractor
one to the head foundation middle school
here in in some poor village which was
built by a foundation it's been three
years they have literally orphanage here
school here
the people who stitch up and train for
like these to make footballs which are
sold in like America around the world
and I've seen it with my own eyes of
them making it and it's oh my god how do
you see is crazy right yeah I made it
yes it's just the way they make it is
like crazy and they only make literally
50 cents so these schools are the people
who suffer it in the flood it wasn't ten
in Pakistan and they have no place to
live so l-head foundation to provide
them with homes and with free schools as
you can see over here right there I
don't hate the middle school millennium
village awesome boo sorry sorry they're
providing kids like this to like for
free education because they have no home
so seeing that they give them free
education and that's what they need
basically in life everybody life with
kids
how are you I'm speaking to like you
know thing how do you see what you do
you well translator I don't know
translate could ask them how obvious oh
I do know by now will go into the
orphanage and as you can see I'm not
here just to be here I'm here to
literally encourage you guys to motivate
you guys to help out especially the
month of ramadhan to always help out
help the help to help the less fortunate
and always have a heart no matter what
so I see this hi come to huh I mean do
they say that I don't blame the first
bridge Oh
toggling a colonic modulus used series
try her company line
Bonnie lassie Pushpa here for social
drama Delaney you smell a little tamari
she's being treated something not just
taking her heart and everything
because it's crazy
I don't use some of the people that live
here and victims I went to the flood yes
that involve do that that's our family
this is crazy
I can't even look at this guy's always
be thankful that you can and inshallah
just always have heart with everything
you with everything go to life always
out of heart and always be positive in
CS run just go and pick up pick up
that's it that's it that's it I won't do
nothing that is coming that is coming
for the nagas like a trap head okay I
got I'll do a lot of her digging at
letting me move oh this on me boom
this world this one is cute I like this
one
I'm gonna call him should I need I'm
gonna name a hater this is high today oh
come on
hi better Surprise them no ID so cute hi
dad it's cute
hi there are gonna be fell about it
when kids play
Plus
it's so hot
these sounds at all
I'm already high now
now we're going to be giving away toys
to the kids over here seeing their faces
already smiling so I'm pretty cool a
foundation you guys help and support
this is what you guys I want this
this kid is so happy and he got a girl
Tommy it's okay
play with it have fun with it use it up
and um ya s Abdullah he is like my
translator so he translates for me in
here dude everything that goes on I want
to talk with the kids you just trade
these for me serving metals I've got get
bomb yeah just minutes ago I think 110
fifty it's about 115 degrees this is the
hottest has ever been being idle I
cannot breathe or nothing we we need
showers right now Naza the ice bucket
challenge because it was so hot now we
have a six hour drive to go to win this
long journey er a whore and I'm catching
up dhola and I'm telling him so much
stuff and he doesn't know like he
doesn't know anything else going on in
America agenda like help all ideality
bobby schmurder so he's like what you
know is bobby schmurder
that money there's a you only say that
three serious you're not American that's
good so I started making up stuff like
I'm like oh you know just to me we got
married you got kids like you serious oh
my god this is so sweet of LK foundation
they gave me the first award of life
that I've ever got thank you so much no
or yeah
no no let's go oh I just want to thank
can I give a speech uh yeah no yeah you
can okay right that is crazy
let me give a speech um I just want to
thank my mom my dad for like gonna
continue my speech um I just want to
thank my mom my dad for um for always
more to make me support me I want to
thank the do me gang for just everything
I wanted a everybody over here put a
foundation for even giving me this over
here I want to thank Reza he is the real
MVP for seriously always being there and
always he's been fastings like nine
o'clock nine o'clock center you haven't
ate because we just learned it we just
got to the horn
I want to thank nas for always vlogging
always pushing and everything and just
letting everything out and showing you
guys all the content on the Abdullah for
being here and be my translator in Urdu
and now says Abdullah is like like my
best friend and I can't wait to comes
back to New York City I want to thank
this is so awkward
this is those are
the I wanna thank you guys watch you
guys for everything for all the support
you guys have been given and this is sir
CSS issue I care about other hinga
everything that hit foundation this
everything they do is seriously amazing
so if you guys can share the love and
support always raise awareness and thank
you guys so much for everything yeah
yeah yeah
this hotel is beautiful go like sick no
I don't got something huh buy the goods
we're right there just in the middle
hello can I ask you a question yeah what
are those what are those they got sick
buffet here in Pearl Continental oh they
gotta more cod Rocky they got it is
raining here but it looks beautiful
all right so this is our car I was
supposed to be sitting there raising so
much
they can't make it happen but my eyes
immediately
we can't even go outside it's raining
and Pullman so I'm just going to be
chillin in a hotel orchard was exported
where's reading so we have to Samantha
come back here she's going to chill out
here I'm go check Jimbo I don't know
we're gonna go what happened going to
kill me are you actually probably to who
I never mind who this is a 1922 I
believe Rolls Royce or I don't know what
year this is a sick car oh my god
imagine getting this back that's crazy
hi guys we're heading to the airport in
about 5 10 minutes and this is a last
moment
Oh mercie it's so good to me I can do
guys on Backson they're all pleasing I
go out all races I'm in this hood Maxo
come to Yemen so I'm seriously I can't
see em it's my hometown so good scene at
home but yeah it seems a bit on the
axiomatically
a year you have yeah yeah like longer
but before the year and a half we
haven't seen each other for like beers
so it's all so long this is the actual
time we're actually conned out and
everything which has been crazy and to
be honest I wish you all the best
I'm coming back and shoulder everything
becomes everything when you become a
doctor I'm telling you you're gonna
handle my kids and everything but yeah I
can't wait to see you back in New York
City these guys they just met UK they
just met I believe yeah it's so much fun
I don't get got known about everything
hi guys time to wrap up this vlog hope
you guys all enjoy this flag if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey it felt amazing seeing Abdullah
once again it was just an amazing
amazing time he's so humble so sweet and
he's always so really is always so happy
for me and it truly means the world
Abdullah huge shout out to you and
hopefully I'll see you back in New York
City when you come back in a few months
and I wish you all the best with
everything thanks everybody who has been
supporting and donating it truly means
the world I seen a lot of messages that
you guys can write you can write like a
little note and a lot of you I've even
donated like 100 pounds 100 dollars 50
pounds 10 pounds it truly means the
world seeing you guys and making you
guys do something good it truly means
amazing so thing guys so so so much
insha'Allah Allah will give you guys
back a lot more so thank you guys so
much for that truly means the world
it's crazy how there's only 10 days left
with Rome alone but I have a lot of cool
surprise for you guys I hope you guys
stay tuned with that if you guys want to
stay tuned that follow me on Twitter
Instagram and Facebook down below you
got to stay tuned with that and I'll see
you guys tomorrow thank you so much do
me gang I love you guys take care her
pics like
you
