what's up okay good good you know you
know for practicing it huh I'm for
practice and I told you from Laura no
you're not from buck you say I'm the
real cake sense you know yes
anyway now you're in something
about defense kept you in our city then
ah associate right now buddy here is it
oh hang on everybody here is it a Hummer
and make the other side
well everybody hit him
this is crazy people here literally they
got kicked out of the country and you're
living here in these camps to get like
food and healthy and way to raise
awareness and just you know showing the
support and do this I care about the
hangar that's basically the model for
this so
these are some of the kids weapon away
we got like kicked out from Burma and
living here in Pakistan yeah it's not
really good guys doing
only little kids there's a couple
fathers here but most of the - who are
literally like passed away there's more
mother-in-law's later there's more
mothers over there
let's do such amazing people and little
when they see me they always they always
smile because they see that this is
someone caring for them
so I'm actually here I'm not like with
them so it was just a crazy emotional
experience nobody else can meet there
got a little raised awareness that help
them out this is what we're here for
and I can feel it and see you in the
eyes hope you guys know people like this
seriously help out I'm here helping out
on what you guys do the same with the
amazing month of ramadhan I'm not asking
you guys to force you guys and we just
let you guys know literally look look
this issue this serious all around leave
me up you want it you want it there I
keep it right don't lose it
you guys might not understand me but the
people all over the camera are going to
understand to support this cause it's a
raise awareness and to help all of you
guys for a good cause and to use this
everybody is watching or in I care about
my anger that you guys keep smiling stay
strong and I'll see you guys after sorry
please vote for sheekha or you can get
eight million come overhead get a
provocative Miriam Morgan
so from birth eiei see my mother
Omega supported you don't we fight and
do something good have a good heart
one more spot further he goes I'm
breathing hard cause it's still heavy
but we got this hard work dedication is
supporting Inga elekid condition we're
doing it here hashtag I care about her
Higa make sure you got support and show
and raise awareness bring to the hashtag
I care about anything can talk about
these people help so I just got done and
it was an amazing amazing experience I
felt that I truly felt it I seen in the
eyes then they go through so much so
much difficulties like I'm literally in
Karachi seeing all this happening and I
encourage you guys to literally help out
during Ramadan to all the charity work
we've done yeah this I think this one
top everything top everything especially
when the media really doesn't show like
any attention to like that I encourage
you guys to help out donate to them as I
said with the Agra TV ten pounds maybe
maybe like ah that phone bill a shirt
but ten pounds for them it literally
helps out like 3040 people for like a
couple weeks helps them out a lot trust
me so if you guys want help out the link
should be down below and yeah thank you
guys
hi guys so it's time to wrap up the flag
hope you guys all enjoy this flight if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go turkey this fall vlogs
basically about the hangers and China
raise awareness try to give back to the
hangers and since the media is not
giving much attended to it I want to
bring out the word of it with that's why
I'm using the Moto as the hashtag I care
about your hangers so if you guys want
you can help out there's a link down
below
it has second just giving Comstock Adam
Sol you can help out the whole word do
me gang can help out with whatever 100
percent go straight to the hanger that L
hey foundation has been supporting them
and providing them with 100% everything
goes to them so if you guys want help
out I'm here I'm not just here to like
tell you guys or force you guys I don't
want you guys thinking like the money
goes to me or anything like that money
goes straight to the hanger everything
to them I really hope you guys can help
out or have a heart in Ramadan if you
guys can't help at least put the hash
tag I care about a hinga in any social
media raise awareness I love you guys so
much I truly love doing stuff like this
it just makes me feel makes me feel so
happy knowing I'm helping other people
and also makes me feel thankful because
I have like a whole different lifestyle
and a whole
different world and they have a whole
different lifestyle so it'll be amazing
if we can help a lot of people are like
aw doesn't affect me so I'm not gonna
help them out you have to focus like if
other people are helping out other
people that's that's what makes the
world a better place you can't just
think like oh it doesn't affect me so
I'm not gonna help out like that always
help out have a good heart because Allah
gives back to the people who give and
help out a lot
so it'll truly mean the world they got
so much dummy gang I'll see you guys
tomorrow in Lahore and there'll be some
cool surprises and some cool long
reunion vlogs and a lot more cool stuff
that I'm gonna be doing I'll see you
guys then I love you guys cold turkey
thumbs up for Pakistan for being amazing
and beautiful such nice people the
country is amazing the people are so
amazing and the media always shows try
to portray as if like it's a crazy
country it's not it's really chill it's
so calm the people here are so chill and
actually I wouldn't mind staying here
just chilling here so see you guys
tomorrow
take care or peace play
you
