do you know what's a ringa ringa yeah
vegetable or fruit or I would know and
know there's a pastor know out there
you're at India do you know what to her
anger do you know what syringa no no
this sounds like a zebra zebra is that a
know the thoughts what kind of dance
would it be if you know what's a rahega
and sometimes dance record may be formal
clothing clothing the cocktail maybe I
do you know what Sammy Hagar okay I
Sonny what's a over anger you know
what's a ronita doing is it what you
know what's running gun I think it
probably over working girls are the
persons you know a forma yeah you guys
in the Muslims yeah and we know how they
Vietnam humidity then same day then it's
actually a minority of Muslims in Burma
for being persecuted and burned live is
thrown out the country OU's aljazeera
news yeah
minority of Muslims in Burma who are
being persecuted and thrown out the
country and killed and burnt and they
have no place to live the minority of
Muslims that a country called Burma are
being persecuted and don't have the
country yeah so that's certain but they
have no place to live which I'll raise
awareness okay I never said you're the
media I didn't show it yeah it's the
minority of Muslims in Burma that are
being persecuted but now you know the
minority of Muslims
okay being kicked out of the country
okay I still have no place to live and
no place to raise awareness on it
immediately so much attention to it so
the exact corrupt don't you want to show
Isis honest if you have any message to
say to the people who are suffering
through this what you want to say come
here quick we'll take you Jesse success
with Omaha because of acumen supporter
Inga hi Anita
