hey guys what's up do me hang I am fine
what we're making moves and I'm not
gonna say where I'm going yet if you
already know now quite maybe the title
for a border the picture says I don't
know what I was gonna be up
I rather surprised travel with us Reza
and chunks pieces when you sleep on a
lousy plane is a balloon switch see whoa
he's super paranoid because this police
that like not like risks of like
everywhere we go we gotta take risks in
life you don't same but your hand I
believe I could you go do something good
everything will always be kind of
positive no matter what it's just
sometimes like my jacket it's dangerous
pretty sad about that bus everything's
in order
come hold that guy's hands I fly with
Emirates
no hands
yeah
just got here in fact just laying the
same time enough
how's he good yeah he'd literally have
like 20 securities for all of us and
he's so paranoid
no way what does the security here
they're corrupted as well so so here
gonna bring that it's hard to bring my
own CPC crew from the UK
lastly you guys a hotel room tour what
are you doing
this is Marvin and this is the bed it
could fit to one Direction's in this bed
this is the sofa this is I don't know
just do that it's pretty cool right
we're finally here I'm glad we made it
in Pakistan we're in Karachi and after
that we're gonna be going to Punjab
monthon Lahore and I'm gonna take you
guys with me as we're gonna be visiting
some emergency medical aid without a
foundation got the shirt I like it it
looks really cool it's like a football
jersey fits so I'm so excited if you
guys do not know the people that
suffered in Pakistan with the heat wave
about I think a thousand two hundred
people died and there's still people
here in the emergency medical aid of of
the heat wave
how you doing the very other people died
in this area yeah so
we bring medical canceled
there's some of the medical patients go
into that
three medical camp karachi for the tree
number 43 that's crazy
this guy wanted 124 and they wait until
their number goes in yeah you have to
wait until the number goes in and they
go in there and get treated and it's
like really hot here like I can't just
knowing I can't use their two minutes to
the fact the same hours and hours of
waiting is just crazy much low you guys
want to say it's a la Michael do you
want to say
you can speak at her to people I know I
said was good so yeah thank you that's
good
they put marks on it so some people
can't read so they know how much does it
take a day it's two marks a day twice a
day offense three marks it's three times
three times a day and some of the people
here they even like have some family
members who have passed away during the
heat wave in Pakistan and some of them
even had are in the hospital there's
about tens of thousands people in the
hospital from the heat wave and their
being here
like getting treated so they're going
through a lot but I still here smiling
because they know that they're getting
treated with free medicine so it's
pretty cool
nice seeing you nice
you got it hi
senior first person is
these kids were so amazing this here's
he woke me up and I was like tired and
sleepy and right now we're gonna head to
the water project and hey what's up all
right Kenda huh guess uh huh
I need to learn more resin to the TV
water do oh yeah hey what's your name
what's your upcam gay uh-huh
aapke aapke nom nom yeah hey I got an
idea that's the way they see these kids
they don't have any like hospitals or
because it's so packed from the heatwave
and a lot of you suffer to the heat wave
in Impact Sensor the defense hospitals
so without heavy foundation
they're like giving free medication free
like health and that's why they're going
in there this is the drinking water
supply so I'm here right at the water
tanks where people get water how is it
live here they lived in these houses he
said over 600 families live in these
places like that see the kids actually
waiting online is still really touched
you guys want to see
can you believe the drink this work they
drink for them this is sweet water
training
hi guys very not fasting because we're
traveling I'm sorry but I'm gonna have
to show the food cuz look so beautifully
amazing shrimp it's always Virginia what
I'll punch it in
hi guys it's time to wrap up this vlog
hope you all enjoyed this vlog I'm in
Pakistan right now I'm about to answer
that all hinga camps right now but I'm
gonna upload it and this vlog here
because it takes a while to upload a
really hope it goes up so if it goes up
right now I guess I got lucky but I
really hope it goes up and tomorrow you
guys will see the flag of me that I'm
hangar and many many more just going
exploring the buses in Pakistan go into
different cities and traveling and I'm
so excited and she'll all goes well so
far it's been an amazing experience a
huge huge thank you to hate foundation
huge thank you to a ma'am Qasim he thank
you to the whole team to those squad if
anyone is from Pakistan you want me to
visit you know your family I come
through last I went up to a grandpa your
grandma you know what I'm saying I'm
Pakistani now I need to learn some facts
in because I feel so out of place like
literally everybody's speaking to me in
Urdu and I don't know what to say so if
you guys wanna leave in the comments
below if your pakistani teach me some
words and hopefully it turns out well
give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed this
vlog I'll see you guys tomorrow
I love you guys gota Hafez and peace I
love you
you
