hey guys what's up and good morning from
New York City I know you guys are
probably watching this right now and
it's ready to move on so huge huge huge
Ramadan Mubarak to everybody out there
happy Ramadan and the shuttle goes
smoothly Ramadan vlogs are back for the
next 30 days Ramadan flags are back I'm
gonna be uploading every single day for
Amidon and I'll get me uploading a lot
of skits under guys mister lobbying
public a lot of skits a lot of mono
videos a lot of new contests a lot of
you now saw me chillin so my Ramadan can
go smoothly and yodel Malaika go
smoothly and we can have fun at the same
time and I know you guys probably
looking in my room and it's like a big
big mess well no no I just came back
from like a month of traveling and like
it's just look this is literally all my
clothes that came in fit he came and fit
inside my thing but if you guys are
wondering where happened to that couple
years ago got really angry and I just
broke it I don't know since I'm a lot
starts tomorrow Reema wants me to take
her out today so this whole day it's
going to be dedicated to Princess REE
mama take her out and we're gonna eat a
lot because tomorrow we're not gonna be
eating for the next thirty day so I'm
just gonna be eating some pizza
Ian Ayre dang I see it on say I am
outside and I'm stuck with this crybaby
look here won't look away don't look
away so what's up he's such a crybaby he
didn't let me go out unless I'm out with
him and he has no shoes enough that I'm
stuck with them two for the whole night
probably another way when I go Chucky
Jean screamin yes chucky cheese at Times
Square
sounds clear
I don't know imma take them because I
have this kid right here I found muffins
hidden talent this is a talent copies
what I do like brother ready hello gosh
it I'm a yarn watch this ready
see he's here that I so I decided me my
son Reema will just go to him this house
and Surprise them
she's mad because I pressed the elevator
she didn't go go go surprise him to his
Island you see what's in here
hi Lorenza our school yeah the show and
muscle keeps crying over oh are you like
this Wow you see no no no be quiet
please yeah yo your keys it's not
anything
Oh Oh shucks like this quiet now nothing
new channel it's a toy wasn't it
Sadiq but Josh ass dick he just taught
me something new hey you guys quiet big
man that's right having dinner
thank you so much thank you you're
welcome give it back
it's me big flat Ramadan Mubarak
development and my buddy yes yes it
starts tomorrow right yes tomorrow yeah
we're gonna go check it is for a bit and
then we're gonna go surprise Hamza and
hater after school ready yes
yeah
come on you guys owe me you got a bite
as I'm stuck in check the cheese with
the kids so I go surprise happens at
home after school I don't know what to
play with but I'm just gonna bawl out
shall I feel a little bit break you guys
with me then after that I'm gonna go eat
and see I'm said yes but what's wrong
you want pizza already but you faster
tomorrow
this war fast are you gonna pass c'mon
in the FASTA moth
kind of
clean Pizza I won't get you to dirty
pizza
that's more that's what I'm talking
about Remo gonna shoot a bucket get them
tickets ready be like
we got pizza we got pizza we got pizza
guys I know probably all you guys are
fast including me I'm probably gonna
watch the soup and I'm gonna get super
hungry but I have two guys you're really
hungry skip this part or just don't
watch it yes
let me know in the comments below what
time is your iftar time like what time
do you break the fast I know in New York
is about take something he pasted on the
I don't know yet
now I know in Scotland which I feel
really bad it's probably like 10
something so let me know in the comments
below what time do you break your fast
so I pretended it's remus birthday they
gave us the free chocolate cake I'll
tell him she turned four years old
what's up I just surprised Hamza from
his school and hey Lyla come through
where she's gonna come at the 21st nope
I was supposed to a joke Tara
I lied terabytes I'm gonna come back
after Ramadan a surprise and I can't why
aren't you happy yeah yeah we went oh
yeah with that rich money with the water
everyone he knew challenged it like you
said that's the first thing you say you
didn't say how are you out of your hand
you didn't say you didn't hug me or
nothing man look through that bottle Wow
what bottle I just want to give a huge
birthday shot I was in here for the
birthday's Hamza and Hilah his birthday
was June 2nd her birthday was June 14th
he turned 11 years old and she turned 10
years old so a huge happy birthday for
me
do me again hey guys I won't give you
guys your birthday money only if you
guys faster well yeah happy to you on
your birthday punches my god honey to
them how have you guys you sure that's
normal birthday money that's okay okay
your makeup next to me complex miracle
we were shooting an Instagram video
right now me and Rima and Rima is
probably like the worst to film with she
moves around so much yet so much
anything we fix here I'll be okay yes
you sure yeah you like wearing this yeah
you sure she likes wearing it so sad she
even wears it to school and it's pretty
weird she just wants to where she's I'm
like threes old but you got to sit there
I'm gonna sit next day okay there get
one more wrong come on put one around
your neck and this one you're gonna hold
it what are you gonna say what are you
gonna say when you do
semilla are you gonna say what are you
gonna say but she said the syllabus is
okay k sisiter hi guys time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoy this
flight did make sure give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey thank you guys so much for
all the lovers part you guys all ready
for these daily Ramadan vlogs for the
next 30 days make sure to give it a
thumbs up I love this time here so like
amazing come together with your family
you just turn up have fun and joy and
everything's like together as a family
and as one and do me again you guys are
seriously like my family so we're going
to be doing this all together and I know
that I will be announcing a lot of stuff
probably like 10 to 15 announcements and
Friday's will be the day that I might
not upload vlogs but I will upload like
a rant or a talk which is Friday's
tomorrow so I'm gonna upload probably
the announcements tomorrow and then the
rest are vlogs vlogs every significant
skits videos on the main channel I have
a new video on the main channel coming
up this Saturday and is going to be so
touching and so amazing and I cannot
wait to release that because it touched
my heart just doing the video so I
really hope you guys do enjoy that other
than that I'll see you guys tomorrow
thank you guys so much you guys want to
stay updated everything else can go to
the link down below to my Twitter to my
Instagram to my facebook I'll see you
tomorrow take care happy now Madonna I
love you guys piggy let you
