I am wearing same clothes as yesterday
because we only have about a couple
hours sleep so good morning guys how are
you guys - well good afternoon I'm
heading to the airport going back to New
York City going back home I'm happy and
I'm also sad at the same time because
for the past 30 31 32 days
this guy and it's just been it's just
been a crazy rollercoaster from Africa
Uganda from the orphanage from Malaysia
from Scotland to New York to like UK
London shows it has been an amazing and
amazing crazy time and as I said thank
you so much for being not only my
manager but also also my my hair stylist
he's like my barber everywhere to like
cut my hair like that he's not also my
celebrity hair so he's also my
pharmacist so whenever I was sick I had
like a fever my tooth is hurting
mashallah B he has all the medicine all
everything in this bag like not only
girls who have a yes every desire I
would use it it'll make me feel better
so thank you for being my doctor also
thank you for being like um scrub my
back when I take a shower like when I
couldn't put soap my back yet like cause
it's summer I believe that and I can't
wait like UHC Mac once we come back it's
going to be a killer and I cannot wait
for you guys to see everything and it's
just gonna be amazing all that I'm from
second announced as soon
that's pretty much I guys I believe it
UK Fargo a huge huge they again to my
family for being patient and you know
we've always been calling me listening
I'm about to Surprise them that even
though I'm showing up in New York City
on the show but not only a huge thank
you to Africa to the Greenland orphanage
to everybody as part of the team in the
grid on Fringe in Uganda it's been an
amazing time everybody in Scotland may
be my prom date everybody who showed up
to the performances in South Laurel and
voice shaking mama and anything that we
had any events thank you all so much for
showing up and for showing a lot of love
and support for the meet and greets in
Malaysia of everybody shopping later
I thought to Zac night to everybody that
we've been working with in this whole
past 31 32 days I'll see you guys soon I
don't know what I'll see you guys soon
if you guys want to get a a Europe tour
tickets you guys could get it the link
is down below I'm going to go on a crazy
promotion for that because it's going to
be really really huge torso see also
thank you hello it's been a while since
I seen my family I'm so excited to
Surprise them
I really hope nobody said social weight
honesty that means
my soul
I'm finally done on my flight after
seven hours and I'm ready to go scare my
family surprise so excited I'm in a taxi
right now I should be home about 20
minutes and I'm so so excited I'm just
wondering what my family's gonna be
doing a lot show up so I don't know what
else going on
maybe they're sleeping maybe they're
eating maybe they're not there I don't
know maybe the tour can turn up and I'm
a company chocolate
Oh
guys guess what I am finally home and I
just surprised my mom and dad and mas
and they were the only ones at home and
I'm waiting till Rima comes home she's
at the doctor's right now so when she
comes I'm gonna surprise her I'm gonna
be calling my older brother he still
thinks I'm in London because I got like
seven missed calls for him and he texted
me said why aren't you picking up summer
call him and pretend I'm still in London
on it all right let's call him big bro
no euro was good man no listen I'll call
you I don't want to try you Ivan
I'll call you I don't want him to track
your bike ooh oh my god he said things
over London cuz whenever I call they
charge my phone for me yeah he's calling
me that I say space that was good yeah
nothing man chillin so you're in London
tired work is good how what is good is
good it's all right it's kind of gets
kind of cold and rainy itself like that
probably like why I found it I gotta go
like a couple more shows and appearances
so I'm not gonna come to like after
Ramadan or ya know but some authorities
tell them crying I know I spoke to the
other day so I see egg what kind of shot
what are you gonna do you comedy show
how many high yeah Wow no miss you
how can an attorney
come back Missy to have been flying out
I'm out I'm is near MIMO okay come on
just do the shoulders and you're gonna
come back yeah I won't go jump off the
London Bridge no no miss you know it's
okay just do the shoulders you can come
back Lonnie Cup won a couple of weeks
it's gonna give a couple open a couple
of weeks it's gonna flood back past I
hope I haven't okay no all right um yeah
okay I'll Tuesday yeah I'm going good no
you know yeah okay I'm gonna call you
back quick cuz I gotta go okay
all right oh my god I feel so bad you
know what I'm not gonna call him back
i'ma just wait so he comes back from
work and he's gonna just gonna see me
sleeping at home
and even I what the hey guys guess
what I didn't with the hope you so much
was soup I just surprised my mom and dad
and they went crazy they were like
buggin out like oh my god let's go and
read while she was at the hospital
because she was feeling sick but she's
about to come in right now
and I'm so so happy Oh yesterday seen
mom's reaction she slapped me so hard
and she ended up kissing me like what
the heck is he doing so I kiss him all
lips over here though yeah mom wouldn't
then my damage is like a name like
starstruck he was like like this guy's
crazy who appears out of nowhere just
randomly out of nowhere I was knocking
the door sorry I was not gonna go and
then I hit a knife-throwing in my head
he was just going crazy was like oh my
god was coming then I seen Boston and it
took him about it and then I see mustn
and it took him about two minutes to
like realize all right yes so my dad
took Mawson because his name is Martin
and I'm still waiting for me ma she
doesn't know I'm here
I spoke to on the phone yesterday and I
was like I'm come back after after I'm
around you like why but let's see how
this goes
she seems really sick so I really hope
Shelly smiles
she saw me me another one
do you know me what's my name what's my
name
oh yeah I was out I was traveling
did you miss me yeah a lot yeah a lot a
little bit la I'm ready for this Ramadan
yes okay say adieu me gang what's up did
we got the doctor's room oh yeah are you
feeling better
sure yeah say what Salvador thumbs-up
guys you ready for these Ramadan vlogs
coming through I'm gonna end the vlog
here and I'll see you guys tomorrow
oh he's the hugging me I'll see you guys
tomorrow
I'm so so exhausted see you tomorrow
guys that do me again I love you guys so
much
did I gain peace I may unite with the
rest of my family probably tomorrow and
everything I'm gonna keep them as
surprised you mad
Dina everybody else Hamza Halen and
that's pretty much it I'll see you soon
and don't get over anyone boom a piece
off the line man please a big laugh man
base gun
what ya got your toys doing
you
