this is give me an exclusive inside of
the Addams Family what stop it do me
gang this is Adam sila and I'm here with
our own we say upstairs yeah I'm uh my
cousin slash best friends let me explain
we out here on the Block and I'm with my
little tall nephew right here you an
accountant three say new Adams family
house okay one two three
as you guys know in the adams family
house in the new adams family house it's
always gonna be a crazy turn up in this
house yesterday I only showed you guys a
crazy surprise video but today I'm gonna
show you guys an exclusive what's inside
the new Adams family house Oh guys
they're gonna throw me inside the house
that's the ones they throw me out of the
house the next shot you guys will see me
inside the house one two yeah Melanie
this is dope man having this we get no
mail but I will be opening up a pillbox
real soon come on in follow Melissa
all right guys this is giving me an
exclusive inside of the Addams Family
all right guys so this is the living
room
we haven't gotten furniture yet but
we'll be getting furniture liberal soon
this is another living room right here
so this is all gonna do we're gonna make
this living room look very American and
this living room right here over here
look very like Arab Middle East
yeah many moves this is how you have any
people dance take you guys with me hi
guys the kitchen right here this is
literally my mom's favorite spot this is
for her kitchen and you do begin you
guys are gonna see mama sila much much
more in the vlogs so I cannot wait I'm
telling you guys right now is just to
start the vlog fun level just went up
the stock went up Adam Sam is going on
Thanksgiving
it's Thanksgiving right now she won't
say I'm thankful for every single one of
you guys I cannot wait for the crazy
memories we're gonna have here let me
show you guys what I'm doing here this
whole space here is ours it's mine I can
lay down on it it's my look imagine all
the videos we're gonna be doing here I'm
thinking about putting a big basketball
court here and changing the whole grass
to concrete and just making it a dull
basketball court but let me take you
guys upstairs to the second floor
you guys haven't went there so let's do
it come on guys walk going upstairs I
just want to show you guys this is the
dining table or my whole family self eat
but most of the time we're eating on the
floor man like we're Yemeni we get in
the floor you know then hi guys we're
going upstairs to the second floor list
let's do it I will show you guys some
dope dope stuff let's start with the
kids room hi guys so this is the kids
room this is for Rima and Mauston they
have their own room you guys do not know
how happy they are for having their own
room hi guys let me take you guys to the
master bedroom
my older brother Abe's room you guys are
gonna see inside I believe he has a dope
sneaker collection already me and him
always compete he has his own sneakers
his own Easy's add my own sneakers and
own Yeezys we're gonna have to give him
a name maybe eight kicks let's go to his
room coach whoo this is a bet as you
guys know he is married so he has his
dope dope spot here he even got a
Jacuzzi inside I'm gonna tell you guys
had a jacuzzi first before I go to his
little sneaker room that he has
what do we could just lay down this is
crazy
my family to have this makes me really
really happy man makes me makes me feel
good this is their closet you guys ready
this closet used to be the size of my
room let me show you about this closet
come on I ain't gonna lie Abe this is
why I compete with you and I've always
been competing with you since I was
younger
he's low-key sick with his stuff like he
got his all his sweaters and D less
track suits they the need the sneaker
collection is here the easies let's see
what you got let's see one of these a
lot of sneaker heads always laugh at me
the way I openly the way I open I don't
know how to open easy my brother got
these he got the the easy poop color
Connor easy you know say but this ain't
my room so let's take out a Jordan
sneaker see what you got I'm thinking
these are maybe I'm uh okay you got that
Elevens I think of a seventh or the
seventeenth he's got these dope sneakers
don't want my sneaker collection is
gonna be crazier babe I'm telling my god
Abe you're not you're not gonna beat me
man tell me so yes this is Ames room let
me take you guys to my parents room this
is my parents room they got one of the
biggest rooms in the house and I'm so so
happy because look man they have their
own freaking bed the own mirror LaShawn
look what I you guys don't understand
how happy and my mom is man it makes me
feel so so good I can't forget my little
brother I got my little brother at room
2 some of my stuff are here in his room
because I'm living here for two weeks
he's in school and once my secret floor
is done he's gonna come here this is his
room look the selfie lighting Wow oh wow
but yes that's my little brother's room
hi guys do we yeah I'm taking you guys
to my secret floor so this place is
under construction they won't be done
until two weeks but it's gonna be crazy
hooked up and the reveal this is gonna
be insane show you guys this gonna be my
spot hi guys
is it like this is the before of my
whole place this is my whole place I got
a whole floor doing a oh I'm gonna have
my own office my own studio over here my
own gym here my own closet there my
whole room and beds over here do me
getting the content that I'm gonna have
it's gonna be insane I'm totally guys
Adam sonic lock stock went up warned up
all the way all the way up put your
notifications on because the vlogs are
gonna be even crazier and more lit and
you guys might be seeing a new lease of
mind that was never shown on camera I
might be revealing here tomorrow so be
ready do me yeah it's literally gonna be
insane and this nice does not call me
Adam she calls me hi Lou happy the Adams
family hasn't even been seen on the
camera so for her to show up the price
is going up I'm gonna reveal everything
she's gonna be a character in the blog
she's gonna be with us she's gonna be
chillin yeah yeah yeah yeah oh and
behind you is gonna be a bathroom and
over here like this whole spot right
here is mine I forgot my seat belt first
and we don't need to see Valley it's no
I'm not used to this man as no one
around here oh my god I'm gonna be the
most ratchet person in this whole area
we're gonna believe we'll go to Walmart
Sami this is like my first probably my
first second third time ever gone
Walmart I moved from like the city to
where the house is beyond stuff is so
different you know the videos the amount
of videos we could do inside is gonna be
insane never have I ever afforded in
class you did what ask you crazy
questions I've never have I ever had a
crush on a girl
Nevada crunch you're blushing
never have I ever loved another woman
looking no no no you only love why
that's it Wow
needed by a lie-detector test man I'm
buying a lie-detector test
oh what the oh me who do is this who is
this kid oh my god who is it what the
hell who is that huh what say yeah that
you yeah what the hell
yo this feels weird man wearing Walmart
I'm telling you it's gonna be lit in
here the Adam Sam he's taking over well
we got one more look how big this turkey
is Thanksgivings every single day for
hours man
we have feasts every single day
Thanksgiving we go twice as hard look at
these kids just staring at me like like
1 2 3 that was awkward moments with Adam
I just want to get a quick bite of this
cupcake I'm not buying it hi guys this
is me
Walmart gonna be doing a lot of videos
if you in it back to that Adams family
house someone's home on right now she's
in the kitchen her favorite spot and she
got me what does he call the Narvik
what is it oh my god this is the stomach
of a cap I don't know some Arabic middle
east and parent they always eat this but
this is the intestines of the ins oh my
god this is a kid right never know I
know that you only have any pair oh my
god the oils going down to give me a
petition this is number one no mom said
this is number one I'm the champ ah I
feel like it there's some fear practice
stuff you got the homies right here
playing for tonight
oh let's see you win good my dad makes
the best steaks ever my fellow man
seriously his takes it better than my
mom's man my mom is a lucky woman man so
that gave me the first two steak bite
let me try this Villa
no my dad is a mother but that is a cook
thing
well that is a cook look at this girls
man baba Bing so he knows it do me King
I feel like I'm having a whole new fresh
start like I got a house man this is
gonna be the adams critic Freeman Watson
they're not here they're at their aunt's
house but when they here I could just
run inside their house I mean not the
house inside their room I'm gonna go and
wake them up and mess with them right
you want to give the message she's gonna
go crazy I'm kidding it's locked
yes that is a crazy man life is so
different now so amazing okay do me
anxiety
to morrow I'm gonna give you guys the
reveal of the new Adams family member so
I hope you guys are ready it's gonna be
lit a new character the next video after
that I might be um I might be bald
because since I'm having a fresh start
I'm gonna have I'm gonna have a hair
like that and it's not clickbait you
guys now know you're legit has a teddy
bear named coconut looks nice I like you
okay what do you do next happy
dumi gank so the whole Adams family is
eating my dad's famous steak sandwich oh
he mates them right here yo Bob a solid
teaching split he's like hey my G
founder car housing hi guys the do me
gang we're playing Call of Duty World
War to World War 3 what is it I don't
know but I'm becoming a gamer now my
let's do it ready let's get some kills
no one in the bottom you sir was one of
the top Oh what the hell somebody's here
what alright guys I just got done with
dinner and playing some video games
Dubey gig I have some good news our
video is number 10 trending oh my god is
this crazy telly I'm so so excited this
is the start of a new beginning there's
a lot more to come and do me again
subscribe if you guys haven't those up
the vlogs every single time you guys
watch because it's gonna be a crazy turn
up every single day and Adams family my
dad my parents everyone are helping me
fix my stuff
loving it where you want to commute
hours I'm gonna clean the house house is
already clean I've never seen my dad
have this much space walk around or
freedom and it feels so good the charger
a doobie gang on my end the vlog over
here we're having a dope chill family
night I just want to say thank you guys
so much for all the love and support you
guys have been showing you guys do not
know how excited I am for the future
video
forget tomorrow is the reveal of the new
Adams family member and then the day
after in my head is gonna be like this
baby like Abba Papa oh my god even my
head is gonna be the start of something
new thank you guys so much we love us
more I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care I love you mix that image
don't need surprise no more that's
finished throwing up any 501 vintage
powders hell I'll wrap my village Town
Square gets lit whenever I'm in it next
time we meet I'll be telling
