hey guys what's up a duma gang i hope
you all are doing great it is day 11 of
ramadan and it has been going by so fast
we're almost halfway through so have
five rustic congrats my high five to you
all thank for going through and watching
all the vlogs that truly means world and
to everybody who isn't even Muslim in
you guys watch of that Ramadan vlogs and
the Ramadan related log's it truly means
the world you guys are seriously so
amazing and you guys seriously make me
so happy knowing that you guys still
watch it and still like seeing that kind
of left out truly means a lot I got a
really cool surprise for you guys again
today I contacted my friend that who
thought I wasn't was Spanish and
Catholic and I'm gonna see him today and
I'm super like really excited because I
was really close to this friend his name
is Alex I was really close to him and
I'm gonna go see him today so I'm so
excited and I don't know he's gonna say
but hopefully does that well you guys
will see do me gang you guys gonna see
his perspective and his reaction of what
I was like back then and you guys will
see I don't know know what I love but
you guys you guys do so much that that
makes me like appreciate a lot like
knowing the support I love you guys
always show is so amazing like like
someone did this like handmade book it's
like a 20 legit a twenty page both that
I finished read this is the last book
this is the only book that I read I
don't even read books like that but I
literally just read every single word in
this book and this person basically they
put together a lot of people from the
dumi gang and they had like their own
messages their own everything like it's
so amazing and it's so cute I literally
almost teared up reading everything and
truly means the world the stuff you guys
always do and thank you so much for
loving us always show this is when she
seen me performing right there and yeah
that's them thank you so much you guys
is seriously so amazing an idumaean you
guys are beautiful so you guys so
beautiful mashallah what's wrong with
you no no she's Amy cracking a smile big
hands up hands up say yeah
difficult occur I'm tickling her oh my
god no look I'm Adam I mean uncle I'm
Adam I'm Adam room Deena Deena I'm sorry
I meant to call you Deena novena I meant
to call you Deena I'm sorry I make a
call you denied anything I did I'm sorry
I made mistake your dinner your dinner
emo she watches on my videos but then
she hates me when she hos me see that's
me that's me she hates me when she sees
me but she watches me I don't get you
Deena look this is me I'm Adam
Deena no no come come let's go see
Jameson so like about you always chill
laid-back you inspire okay okay I'm
sorry why you wanted me as for you he
wants me yeah
you want me okay Kogan okay all right so
I'm here to play with my son since he
wants me to play with him and i'ma show
you guys how me and I'm plagued this is
why you always cries for me because this
is what I do like this I'll go like this
nature's my workout session boom we have
him my dad hates it when I do that he
goes crazy
yeah see look if I stop watch I'm in
stop I'm not gonna do nothing he's gonna
like try to give me like do it look
watch this
I'm not even doing that so much he's
asking for me to do it you're in there
give me
do it yeah but look what I can I do it
for my dad watch watch this yeah oh you
didn't see it I got lucky
hi guys I'm right now with one of my
homies my brothers from another mother
I've known him for about like countless
years almost a decade and he is right
here the Hopi aspects would happen on
you tell you it was so everything I miss
you everything I've seen this guy I know
it I'm missing so we uh I sort of tell
you that um I'm Muslim
I'm Arabic so I'm like yeah I start like
I already told him that I'm that Muslim
and everything I've done before like I'm
sorry I know before I tell you what I
should say people Adam you should clean
not clean but you know I guess it was
just people try to fit in growing up
here Adam was the type of person to tell
me you know
I'm from a Spanish country yeah and
somebody like me will believe it because
he does have Spanish features I pretty
much I said that in friendship you know
it doesn't matter where you're from what
you do in life no there are people you
just click with now now it's like like
now they knows I'm Muslim and I'm Arab
and everything he's gonna I told him I
Ramadan he's gonna fast for me you got
to try it one of these days like this
month is like 8:30 and got to see how it
goes
this one
I finally reunited we're a couple years
you know we went on different ways I
know it
Adam went his way and I went my way
things happen I'm no Lana for a very
long time as I mentioned earlier
you say be one of the baddest kids I've
known one of the baddest things mean
atom father used to and I would follow
like Oh like a dummy he would just start
random fights with people on the street
just because and I don't know you were
trying to show off or something I said
you know it's all like you won't think
I'm almost me so you can never really
care man yeah that's so sweet
you know we're going up we're gonna go
to the gay parade just forget the gay
parade is going on right now I'm joking
boy yeah it's like it's amazing to be
back where alex is like you've changed a
lot too like he stopped doing the crazy
stuff it's not just me but everybody's
looking us cuz it's a lot alike a lot of
gay people right here anyone looking at
it like what couples that are like
talking to us and we're just like I
don't know like knowing those
I love what I have right here I have
about 20 30 minutes left if not and he
decided you know this guy is starving
right here I'm hungry and he decided not
to e he's gonna wait to ID so you
introspect to tell me Alex
so you might get some people wrong well
I'm gonna get you to faster laughs okay
let's go on YouTube we're gonna say yeah
buddy
ready set go
yeah can I show you guys cool outfits so
what's up hey that looks sick goose it
can't wait a match
sure yeah thank you oh oh and a sick I'm
rocking this you can take it home for
this nice now thank you someone you love
thinking it looks sick
I'm ready to bring my fast only right
here breaking out fast the energy helper
wait how many napkins I got sarbs ooh II
don't think this wants these people do
we use all the napkins that
this was our view we use one or two and
we keep the rest for at home that's it
that is crazy that's all the magic
that's in your your Illuminati hood
what's the use your number hey what's up
man away from country huh what country
from what country
Wayne do you speak ruski what country
that
whiskey you wash yes keep running
I am from as a Korean Ukraine yeah how
do you say how are you in what how do
you say how are you in love to ski oh
yeah if they lay on it are you family
yes Italy the Italian Italian man what
country is from coaches Eva what can you
do for my you know you don't know him
they don't know the other he knows it
for the recording okay is he down listen
what time what what Calipari oh god
about guys I feel really really bad cuz
we must feeling really sick she's been
going to the hospital lately a lot and I
feel like feel so bad I also want to go
I don't always be there for her and if
you guys I don't know it looks like
she's chewing pads like she's in Yemen
like with a little kids two cats but she
got like this really big bite and it's
kind of like hurting her you okay let me
see him okay how are you T Mitch you
hechas you see we made you want a cup of
tea with the hot I'm joking
I love you Reba I love you in mo oh I
love you so much FEMA love you too
hope you feel better I'm sorry I'm sorry
you got to go through this because I'm
sorry
I feel cuz I feel I feel like I'm going
through it when you're going through it
you okay
yeah you sure do you want some Pepsi
with your hot yeah I love you why you
give me an attitude when you tell me you
love me huh because why because you like
me so you're gonna give me attitude
because you like me yeah so I pick any
nose people watching you're gonna wash
it in a few years you're picking your
nose
mmm this is what happens when you don't
wake up for so whole and you're gonna
wake up hungry the next day but you
have to eat you know why I sleep it or
not so comes out cookie his mouth
already open yo yo take a bite the
cookie Oh wake up sign for service staff
is how I got it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you all enjoyed this fight if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey thank you guys so much
all the support you guys always show for
everything it's crazy how fast this
month is going by I'm truly gonna miss
it and yeah we're just gonna live it up
to the next 18 19 days and hold on and
after that so I'm gonna be daily vlogs
and I can't wait to show you guys all
the projects I've been working on so
Shella everything goes great I'll see
you guys tomorrow do me gang take care
keep smiling and be safe and I'll see
y'all tomorrow take care and peace I'll
owe you
you
