hey guys what's up dooming Hank I hope
you all are doing great I have a huge
surprise for you guys since you guys
made it to 10,000 thumbs up and the vlog
where I was talking about like me
pretending to not be Muslim I downloaded
all the old vlogs that I had into my
laptop and I uploaded it all together so
you guys can watch it the vlogs are from
about 7-8 years ago from like 2008 the
quality is not so good so I'm sorry I
didn't have a really good camera time
the audio is not so good either so I'm
sorry I just uploaded for you guys to
see it but it's still reasonable you can
still see and it took me a long time to
put it up because I was thinking about
it so much that I put it up or should I
not I was like you know what let me just
put it up his memories and I wanted you
guys see and see like how I did I change
out on you guys let me know the comments
below I'm warning you guys right now
there is a lot of stupid stupid stuff
that I was doing crazy stuff
do not try like the stuff that I was
doing there was one point where like I
went over a bridge I could have
literally died when I went over the
bridge because if I were to fell I would
have fell on the highway like straight
where the cars are at so don't do the
stuff that I did watch the vlog enjoy
give this vlog a huge huge thumbs up if
you want me to meet up with my friends
in my old vlogs because at that time
they didn't know I was Muslim they
thought I was Spanish and Catholic so if
you guys want me to reunite with them
and let them know that I am Muslim now
that I'm everything give it a thumbs up
and I will try my best to contact them I
do have one of the numbers because I was
really close to one of them kind of
nervous enjoy take care I love you guys
see you at the end of the vlog
I'm scared of dogs scare the dogs can go
on up the scale fine ours is that dog
bite ha
unpredictable was I mean you don't know
judge is that amazoness or like he runs
away from Pete oh he looks scared did a
boy or girl
let's see if he has a penis or something
man he the boy actually is big this big
team is having sorry
hello by Oreo right now we better go for
the height shit some creams and got a
pot Nickleby like that
they dig in on coke smoke I got a
fucking flat child
now you gotta walk Edie
fucking block get funkified yeah he's
tightening I like this little car I like
this car
sure oh yeah that you are to do I don't
you want to kill your mother to eat can
go get a trim Wow pizza delivery
it's done ah I'm a tradition how much
how much big leaving ah no money left so
I came by Oreo cookie
see the bridge - should we go to New
Jersey how was the walk in the night two
inches of space Monica the Hudson turn
kind of light is this
you would
yo come over
my mother
we come over there
charity come away you just make me get
some crazy
i'ma say will never laugh at a do me a
favor right needed you're here all on my
/ loving and breaking songs like to the
Turner on and when the bass be eaten in
the waste we going I ain't got much
adversity so captain
lady
alekhya
you
Oh
Oh Oh
Oh
you
hi guys so it's time to wrap up this wag
hope you all enjoy this flight if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey and give it a thumbs up if
you want me to meet up with my old
friend I just actually texted one of
them he did reply and I might see him
soon so if you guys really want me to
see him give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
and for me to go back to boxing let me
know I might go back to boxing training
I can't fight anymore enough like that
like a spar stuff like that but I want
to get back to boxing training get back
you know in shape and start doing like
she's crazy
you know but now see you guys tomorrow
thank you guys so much for all love and
support you guys always show I love you
guys peace
Kumagai I love you
you
