hey guys what's up a duma gang I hope
you are doing great it is day seven of
Ramadan one week is gone it's probably
the eighth now to you guys and today I
got a lot of stuff to do so I can I go
work I have to go give Mawson a haircut
I was trying to give him my own hair cut
because you know I'm Barbara Adam I know
how to give haircuts but then mom was
like no she wants to give him hurricane
I'm like nah had she given no haircut
I'm gonna take him to the barber shop
for the first time new guy's gonna get
to see his reaction because if mom
would've gave me the haircut he would
have had every hairstyle together he
would have the Zayn Malik hairstyle he
would have had the buzz cut also he
would have had a mohawk you would add
everything so I would rather not hurt
give America so I'm taking him to the
barbershop for the first time I'm kind
of nervous cuz if he starts crying a lot
it's just gonna be really embarrassing
idumaean you guys did it once again I'll
put up the vlog around 2:35 and now it's
it's 335 and exactly one hour you guys
got nineteen hundred thumbs up yesterday
you guys got 1800 thumbs up I don't know
why I skipped to say in 2001 hours so
today we must reach at least over 1902
so thank you guys so much you guys are
still undefeated six and oh we're about
to beat Floyd Mayweather's record we're
gonna have an undefeated record so thank
you guys so so so so so much truly
appreciate it
what are you scared of look guys you
wanna know what you're scared cuz I'm
wearing sunglasses you CA cuz I'm
wearing sunglasses mm-hmm so give me a
kiss oh oh
missa come on let's go what you said
whenever Muhsin for whenever my son
falls she says all up ready get a
haircut let's go alright so I'm on my
way to the barbershop I think I'm over
this place this is quite to go to when I
was like three four years old
remember you see the apart over here
that mean remains to go about one or two
years ago now it's turned into a
football what's up
this is his before let me see you before
yeah before here this is before here I'm
gonna hook him up boy look at me like
I'm I'm gonna hook you up boy
grab anyone ago in mo says just like me
whenever the Sun is in his face I start
squinting like this I wow I saw
squinting like this like like my eyes
are so sensitive
yeah they buy say hi click on say hi
monsoon you got it
let's go Yeller I walk up fellas on
let's go let's go you got it you got it
you got it you got already three people
like oh my God he's so cute
oh my god you're such a nice dad I can't
stand it I can't stay like oh nah he's
my nephew because they're always cutting
me off like this is the conv that I had
earlier like right now legit happy lady
was like oh my god your son is so cute
and I'm trying to talk like nah that's
mama she comes in out of nowhere she's
like I mean there's not much daddies
like that I always take care and walk
their kids I'm trying to talk you down
like that that's my brothers then she
comes in against like oh my god how old
is he so I'm like you know what I'm
gonna just play Lauren he's my son like
they never give me a chance to speak and
say like no this is not my son it's my
brother son so I end up just painting
along like yeah that's my son you know
it I love him so much you know just I
always take him out like oh my god
you're such an amazing dad not much dads
do that and I'm I go okay and if I do
end up saying like oh no he's on my
Sunday and they're getting mad like oh
my god so I gave all these compliments
for no reason
someone's getting sleepy eight month old
kid it's about to get a haircut oh eight
or nine months howdy
Alden messenger look at he's like oh
they got me I should have never went out
loud
thank you so
wait
poison
yeah
little dirt
the
feels like a nice item
because there is
Wow good job
yes
good job this is amazing what happens
Wow
was he looking good don't cut nothing no
hamdullah we are finally done and I just
wanna say that motion is wild he was
grabbing the ladies Hair Clipper he was
snatching it off he was just grandma
ladies hand moving it was wild but
hamdullah he got it through and let's
see the fresh cap come on thanks forgive
me sir yeah look at that fresh brush
best part by getting your hair cut when
you were younger
is that lollipop I saw always look for
getting a lollipop we might want to go
get a haircut yeah why we only supposed
to come up with us well then she got
afraid I was gonna give her a haircut -
what's it
don't put the lollipop on the floor and
just happy now Michelle us thank you
guys so much for the love and support I
went through Remo you didn't even get a
haircut huh yes let me give you air cut
okay I am now in a cab because I'm with
my girlies Rima and Deena which equals
Dima hey hey hey don't connect it with
the bull one do what and yeah I'm doing
a lot of errands I got to go like
grocery shopping but also to like kill
time because I'm really really hungry
now I am going to Central Park but a
different part of Central Park that you
guys haven't seen it's a really huge
park it looks like it's Egypt like those
pyramids young cool stuff like that so
would you go there and have fun ready
I'm ready
he told you is like Egypt like this
pyramid here it's really cool guys I got
sick this place is it I'm gonna go with
inside the pyramid that is sick like I'm
inside the pivot hello
Oh like forget Rema Rema Rema betta
what's up hey be careful oh we're now
literally inside the pyramid it's so
cool I have a video of like 10 years and
it kind of changed this much cooler wall
look it's got the trim there oh look at
this pyramid you gotta climb it with the
oh you got a crowning with the bricks go
down this life I'm about to go on the
biggest slide with Tina River come on
how about this all three of us go
together Rima come on for the atom
roller coaster yeah we're coming say
yeah yeah yeah Wow okay I'm scared okay
go Oh me okay
we chillin spending some time with the
fam - I'm a dog person
what are you doing deena go make new
friends Rima don't wanna make friends
rimas all wanna make friends again
making friends you're talking Venus is
like she's on her oh yes you just like
you don't do that under it's nasty you
just want to be my friend you guys must
be pleased this just oh that's good Oh
watch this
Oh Oh that's crazy put the hair cream
ago oh no he's not going yeah oh no he's
crazy
who did yeah but it's that's gonna be so
much height oh he said you know what
helping things a face the height is long
oh they better do it come on oh oh oh no
you guys risking his life he's crazy
he's crazy
no no no oh that was crazy that was sick
but that was like okay guys I'm live on
you-now I just came out of Norfolk
surprise so what's up how you guys doing
hi y'all want to see how at each other
what's up what's up I haven't seen this
kid for a while and he's finally ready
let me ask let me ask give you quite a
buzzing yes your hey look you guys be
quiet I'm asking the question yeah
English Shh are you fasting yes
I'm ask you again Gemma are you fasting
yes so what did you eat today uh what
did you eat a cupcake
I ate a cupcake so you fasting alone yes
how you fasting if you ate a cupcake if'
that time is now about happy Ghazis yeah
I see the Beehive cozy Alcide and
Murdoch and so how and pasta and yeah oh
wait never mind my dad got to Ashley's
not one daddy was love which you got to
the guys crazy I got so it's time to
wrap up this vlog hope you all enjoy
this flagged it make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey I am gonna be
doing the giveaway right now I'm going
to show you guys what I'm gonna give
away for the 400,000 subscriber giveaway
and the next time I'll be doing
giveaways when we reach a million
subscribers on true story estate and
only reach a half a million on this
channel so thank you guys so so so so
much
you guys show a lot of love a lot of
support in everything so I want to give
back
- you guys you guys always send me stuff
in the pillbox so this is my time to do
a giveaway okay so this is stuff that
I'll be giving away I'll be giving away
these sneakers my lucky sneakers I am
giving it away that I was in with the
boxing fight that I had that had like 6
7 billion views around there I'm gonna
also sign it right there once I get like
a nice marker I'm also giving away my
watch this is my watch that I got not
someone that like sent it to me I don't
want to like give away something that
someone sends it to me this Arabic -
Arabic watch also my YouTube pass that I
have here like I'm supposed to like give
it back to the huge of space but I will
just give it away because it's something
really really cool also a silver chain
of mine that actually just got wore like
one see two snap backs tiny Nick was
legendary ratchets that back the
snapback that I have that was mine for
like a year now this Palestine vs. the
world shirt that I wore in a picture of
enough you guys know but yeah we're in
like a picture I wear it many times
before my cool feel to Adam I send you a
solid before one of my snap backs this
tank top that I bore and I have it even
washed out if you know if you guys want
me to wash it let me know can we wash it
or not and this mess bad this test beer
for you guys something to remember me
for but yes this is pretty much what I
am giving away I'm also gonna be writing
a letter to you and a video a special
video a personal video just for you so
if you guys want to participate you can
participate everybody is welcome to
participate and this is these are the
rules that you got to do to participate
in this you have to subscribe to this
channel subscribe to the me Channel you
have to show me proof that you are
subscribed you have to follow me on
Instagram Twitter and like me on
Facebook you have to be all those five
things and you have to show me proof
with that and you have to read sweet one
of my tweets that I'll be putting up
today so go on my Twitter the link is
down below you'll see that so you have
to retweet it in order to win and it
pretty much you just got to do all those
leave a comment anywhere Instagram
Facebook Twitter tweet me something and
just let me know what's your reason that
why would you win anything and I wanna I
feel so sad just choosing one but I'm
not gonna have to choose one I'm also
gonna be choosing five more winners and
I'll be doing the same thing I did
another vlog and I write their name and
my
my marker board and that's pretty much
it for the giveaway so if you guys want
to participate thank you so much if you
don't then it's right but if you do and
you want a chance to win these go ahead
and participate thank you so much for
the love and support it truly means the
world you guys are seriously amazing
seriously like make me so happy so I
really hope that make you guys happy and
I want to get back to you guys and I
will do more of these I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care do me gang are peace I love
you and good luck everybody
please
you
